3	Between Serendipity 3 and this place Caesar's has the Vegas market cornered when it comes to over-priced desserts and junk food. But, despite it being a tourist trap I wanted to check it out. Afterall, it's a tourist trap filled with lots of chocolatey goodness.I stopped by with my son for lunch and they tried to seat us at a tiny 2-top right by the entrance, outside of the actual restaurant. um... no, not a good choice. I asked to be seated somewhere else. They brought us inside and sat us at another small 2-top. I'm not one to bitch and moan, so we took it. It seems like most of the tables on the lower level are small (They have a second floor that I didn't check out). When you combine that with the large plates that everything is served on, it makes for a crowded and uncomfortable dining experience.The menus are kind of ridiculous, both in a good and bad way. There's a spiral bound book that lists all the sweets. There's a separate menu for brunch, lunch and dinner with no entrees for less than $12. Even their sandwiches are $13+. Even for Las Vegas standards, I think that's outrageously pricey. Kids get their own menu with a pack of crayons.We ordered:- Blackened skirt steak & mushroom quesadilla ($14.95) - filled with tender strips of steak, sauteed mushrooms, topped with salsa and sour cream and laying on a bed of thin tortilla strips. Mighty tasty, but I couldn't stop thinking that I was paying for a $14 quesadilla.- Kid's order of chicken fingers ($8.25) - 3 chick fingers with waffle fries. My kid loved them and the waffle fries were some of the best I've had. The meal comes with a paint brush. A couple of the waiters encouraged my kid to paint with the mustard and ketchup provided. Obviously, they don't have kids. If I let my kid do that he would have painted himself, me, the table and any poor soul passing by. It's cool that they encourage that because it makes for a fun, kid-friendly environment, but it may not be the best thing for a two year old to do.We also ordered a lemonade ($3.50) which was kind of like a slushy and got a dark chocolate hazelnut shake ($7.95) to go. The shake was rich, creamy and delicious.We were too full to experience their desserts (except for the shake), but I'd gladly come back to try one or two.The service was excellent. We had a main server who was very attentive and eager to explain the concept of the restaurant and answer any questions. There were also a few other waiters who stopped by to see if we needed anything. Even the hostesses were very friendly. They gave my kid a couple temporary tattoos to put on later as we left.Yeah, I would go back but probably just for dessert. I still can't believe I spent $44 (including the tip) for lunch for one adult and a two year old. I'm used to spending a lot for food but this was a little excessive.3.5 Stars
4	They didn't get 5 stars because most of the dinner food was bad. Pizzas were just okay, thai chicken satays were cold and flavorless. The Mac and Cheese was AMAZING, ask for some chopped jalapenos to go with it. Comes with chopped tomatoes and tomato sauce on the side. Desserts are to die for, 5+ stars. They have special plates for each menu item. I love the hot chocolate, stay (not to go) and you'll be served in a great palm-able mug. My favorite is the waffles, the ice cream sundays are also amazing, with all the topping served separate for you to mix.
5	Walking through the Forum shops, outside a place called Max Brenner, my group of 7 (from adults to children) were offered sweets to taste and being chocolate experts, we decided to stay for dinner!  The Mac & Cheese was amazing.  THe tacos were fantastic and the burger was thick and juicy.  kids had P-nut Butter and Banana sanwiches with chocolate to dip them in and they were in heaven.  We rushed through to get to the deserts.  Smores Sunday....WOW!  Ice Cream bars from Israel with toppings to dip in - What fun and delicious.  Chocolate Pizza - how can you go wrong!  Service was outstanding and very attentive.  Finished the meal with a stop in the candy shop for treats to take home.
4	Make no mistake, Max Brenner serves food, but it is only so you won't feel guilty about eating their chocolate desserts.  Hence they have a reminder on their menu - Food first then dessert.  Any place that gives you syringes filled with warm chocolate ganache to squirt in your mouth is a place worth visiting.  The regular food menu did not have anything that really enticed my tastebuds - sandwiches, burgers, etc.  So we ordered some appetizers that sounded good.  Mac n cheese with marinara on the side - don't ask, that is a new one for me.  It was very cheesy, a bit salty, some bacon added, but nothing that great.  The waffle fries which are supposedly dusted with chili cocoa powder were run-of-the-mill.  I could not taste the difference with regular waffle fries and the dipping sauce they came with overwhelmed the dish with saltiness.  The hummus sampler was ok, a bit too bland, but the pita chips had a great crisp on the outside and soft on the inside.The black and tan beer battered onion rings are worth a special mention.  Most beer battered onion rings I have had at other places are overfried and bland.  When you take a bit into these, you get a wonderful hoppy, malty flavor and aroma from the beer.  A bit of a surprise if you are not expecting it, but a depth of dimension you cannot find elsewhere.Now getting to the desserts.  The sharing tasting menu is a good starting point for those who can't decide.  It states on the menu that it is good for two but you can actually have 4 people share.  There is just wayyy too much chocolatey goodness for just 2 people.  It is comprised of :chocolate banana waffleschocolate crispy eggrollmilk and white chocolate barchocolate sponge cakecrunchy little chocolate pearlschocolate fondue with grill and fruits and marshmallowsand chocolate ganache to drizzle over everything.The chocolate fondue is very fun as you can toast your marshmallows then dip into the melted chocolate.  After sharing this plate, I got a shock of chocolate euphoria which resulted from the the endorphin rush.An absolute must have is the suckao.  Although the name makes it sound like a porno term, it is a combination of suck and cacao.  It is like the hot chocolate drinks that you can find in Europe.  You basically get a little container of milk (I recommend whole) which is kept heated over a little tea candle.  Then you also have a choice of what chocolate you want - dark, milk, or white (dark recommended).  From here you add the chocolate to the milk to your liking stirring with a spoon that doubles as a straw.  As the chocolate melts and combines with the milk, you get a rich chocolate beverage, essentially chocolate ecstasy.  You are technically making your own miniature ganache and drinking it.  Few things in life can produce such joy.  If you are not use to such huge amounts of chocolate, take caution as it will literally give you a high.Best Thing - Hot chocolate
4	Went here on a whim on opening day @ the Forum Shops on 8/5 coincidentally for my husband's b-day. At first, we had plans to go elsewhere, but after tasting the samples, we gave it a go for dinner.The restaurant itself is really cool and reminds me of Willy Wonka's Chocolate factory with brown decor everywhere, and pools of chocolate mixing in the front and a tiny shop to the side. Just so happens that Mr. Brenner was heavily influenced from watching the movie to become a chocolatier, but that's beside the point.We were seated in front and got to watch samples be given and shot into customer's throats, literally. It was funny. They have these chocolate syringes that cost about $5 and other little goodies such as cookie shakes and those lovely pralines to die for that they sell in front to reel 'em in. It worked.Well, as for dinner food, I ordered the Asparagus Crepe and my DH, the Sesame-crusted Salmon, my 2-yr. old got the Crunchy Mac & Cheese w/ marinara in a syringe w/ a side of cheese (?). His was fairly decent, not out of this world. Mine plain sucked. I only ate half as it was pretty tasteless and barely had any asparagus w/ mainly cheese and spinach which made it all soggy. I however, adored my child's dish (which she barely ate and instead took my waffle fries) It was one of the best Mac&Cheese dishes I've ever had in a restaurant, crunchy on top, gooey inside, and just that right amount of sharp taste i like w/ the asiago cheese. The marinara complemented the dish well. Now, desserts are what had me give the 4 stars, (minus the one for the meals themselves). We ordered the combo w/ the Lava Cake, Chocolate shot, and ice cream w/ a side of chocolate sauce. For his b-day, they gave this measly piece of chocolate w/ a little tealight. (I was cool w/ that considering they had just opened and were very nice to us). The cake was awesome along w/ the ice cream which helped out the heaviness of the cake. The shot was very good but for me, that chocolate sauce killed it for me. I could have drank that whole cup alone despite it being a "sauce". It was like a melted milk chocolate bar! I swear. So overall, we were pretty satisfied w/ our experience as customer service went over and beyond to treat us well being it's first day. We asked the server if Mr. Brenner was there, and as we were walking out they whispered "He's over there in the striped shirt in the back."  We saw the bald headed man and wished we had sat longer as he was greeting guests when we left. Hopefully they can work on the regular food, but of course the desserts will remain the star of the show. I would totally not mind if it was solely a chocolate dessert shop as I have a feeling the restaurant part may not go well. That's just a prediction since it just opened. Recommendations: -DESSERT-that's what we'll go back for to try from the multitude of selections they had. -The Chocolate Shop-too tiny but so cool. Pricey but worth it. TRY the Chockies and the different Pralines. Our favorite was the Pecan and Almond. The Hazelnut was so-so.For all you Chocolholics, it will be quite an experience.
5	If I said I love chocolate, that would be incorrect. My affinity, infatuation, and appreciation for chocolate cannot be properly described with the simple word "love." Let me put it this way, if teeth deterioration and diabetes did not exist, I'd have chocolate for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  Point is, I really can't get enough. Anyway, Max Brenner had me at "Do you want a chocolate shot?" (mind you, the woman was holding a large plastic syringe filled will delicious, warm chocolate). To Pedro P.'s dismay and slight disgust, I enthusiastically agreed to have a communal plastic syringe stuck in my mouth to try some of Max Brenner's chocolate. YUM. (I also tried a chocolate covered praline and Italian hot chocolate). And when we went to the Forum Shops in Caesar's Palace the next day, I opted for another chocolate shot before we went in for lunch. Sure, the food we ordered was good. I had a mozzarella and basil pizza, but the star of the show was my adult beverage. I had a "chocolate aphrodisiac" called Satisfaction Guaranteed -- and yes, I was quite satisfied. The drink has peanut and caramel liqueur and.... wait for it, wait for it.... milk chocolateeeeeee. It really was delicious. I just wish that it came in a jumbo size.
5	Excellent quality...good service...fun decor/atmosphere. If you like dessert, GO! Also, good other food. Had the cobb and really enjoyed it. Portions are a little small and somewhat pricey for dinner, but well worth it.
4	I came by today to get a few photos to post on Yelp.  A voice sounding much like Misti's said, "Well you've come this far.  You might as well have something so you can review the place, too!" I know, it's a heck of a job, but someone's got to do it.  I forced myself to enter the restaurant, perused the menu for quite awhile, and then decided to try the Hazelnut Cream Chocolate Milkshake made with vanilla bourbon ice cream, dark chocolate truffle, and topped with whipped cream.It was served in an "Alice" mug that says, "Drink Me," a signature mug of the bald man.  It comes from a statement in Alice in Wonderland when she found a little bottle with a paper label that said, "Drink me."The milkshake was outstanding if a bit pricey - $7.95.  The restaurant is quite nice, and the employees were just excellent - smiles all around and very helpful.  I also bought a tin of caramelized pecans rolled in praline cream and cocoa powder for later nourishment.  Take one as needed.I want to come back when I have a late lunch/early dinner and try some of the food offerings.  It's quite a nice place.
4	Uhmmm. If this isn't Charlie's Chocolate Factory then, I don't know what is.Friends and I were walking through Forum Shops just when they opened and they were offering "chocolate injections!" That could be 1) porn OR 2) ridiculously warm chocolatey goodness. Shockingly: it was the latter! But, boy did it satisfy the need for sweets that I didn't have; til then.It was warm chocolate ganash in a giant syringe. Warm, smooth, semi-sweet chocolate injected straight into your mouth. GENIUS!I had to buy one; and my friend bought two. The good thing about it was you could "inject" yourself anytime you want and as much as you want because the syringe of chocolate could be stored in the fridge. "Inject" yourself with a shot of chocolate!!!Can't wait to eat there because they have more than just chocolate. Can you imagine the dessert???!
5	The worker lured me in with an awesome sample of that chocolate pizza and a very warm hello.    First of all, the PRESENTATION of the food...beautiful! It was unique and just very pretty and impressive, I almost didn't want to eat it.  The pictures really don't do it any justice.  The plate comes with little dishes filled with sauces, like chocolate or other sweet sauces/butterscoth? on the side.  I like this because you can add sweetness to taste.  The bananas that came with my crepe were also served individually.  I saw other people's dishes, like their burgers, the presentations are appetizing, I wanted to taste everything on the menu.     Had the hot chocolate with a shot of Bailey's: ....mmmm...it was a tad sweet, I believe b/c of the Bailey's, but was good.     The next day I was craving it and came back for some more.  This time, I ordered the choclate crepe with hazelnut, toffee and banana...woah was it awesome! The icecream had a nice little bunch of crispy nuts covered in this spicy curry-ish? sort of spice on it, it  totally caught me off guard, it was like wait,what was that? huh? awesome!  The crepe had all kinds of textures to it, soft, crispy, fluffy at the same time.  High quality chocolate.     I also tried their chocolate oatmeal, delicious, the best oatmeal I've ever tasted.        Their coffee was really good, kind of tasted a little bit like Mexican Cafe de Olla.        The portions are large, their dishes are meant to be shared. I think you could share a crepe among 3 people with normal appetites.  The oatmeal you can probably share among 2.  The dishes are simply too rich to have large portions, you'll definately feel fatter after eating this, but well worth it.        I think that their awesome customer service is worth mentioning, both times I went there all of the workers were super helpful and nice, I really appreciated the unpretentiousness.  The only problem was that the girls in the merchandise area weren't very knowledgable about prices for merchendise, and prices weren't on all of the merchendise    I bought some mugs to bring home as souveniers, even though I don't think that the cute "hug mugs" serve their purpose so well - if you try to "hug" it, it will burn the F*@** outta your hands, so let your chocolate cool before you hug it.                 The place is very clean, nostalgic, and romantic.  Reminds me a little bit of disneyland.  Would definately come back. Great place for a date first date.      Just to compare, I also visited the famous Jean Phillipe pastry place at the Bellagio, hands down M. Brenner is better.  J.P left me a little dissapointed with their very eggy-tasting desserts.  They weren't awful, but definately not the quality I expected from J.P.  M. Brenner has better desserts.
2	The Skinny: the desserts are okay but (3) the service is terrible for a weekend brunch in a restaurant that isn't even full - what's a gal gotta to do to get some water around here? there's an excessive heat wave outside, people!!!(1) value: the dessert tasting is okay but so not worth the aggrevation (1).We arrived at Max Brenner for a relaxing Saturday brunch. Turns out our experience was anything but relaxing. Initially, we were seated promptly by the hostess and waited. And waited. And waited. We sat there with our menus with no one taking a drink order. Our waitress shows up and tells us that she'll be right with us. Afterwards she just disappeared on us again. Another long interlude passes.At this point, I was thinking about chewing on a napkin and wondering if I should just get some water upstairs from the sink in the bathroom. Finally she shows up and takes our orders. Water takes forever to come and so does our orders. We stayed at the restaurant for 2 hours... for them to make a plate of eggs, a burger with fries, a waffle and a fried chocolate egg roll. Plus, there's an excessive heat warning outside and they take forever to refill your water glasses (which are surprising tiny - their hug mugs hold about as much liquid). I think in the two hour time span, they got refilled once. May I remind you, this is while you are eating some incredibly rich food.The real food itself is okay (ie, the burger and the omelette). Nothing earth shattering.The dessert tasting is both overwhelming in richness, underwhelming in quality.  I think in the end, the dessert tasting really lacked a good editing eye.Tasting includes: a belgian waffle with syrup, caramelized banana, nuts with choice of ice cream and chocolate ganache; fried chocolate eggroll with Mexican spices ?bananas and peanuts; two different chocolate "bark"; a bowl of chocolate krispies; a fondue set with strawberries, bananas, and marshmallows (and hibachi for roasting).The belgian waffle is too overloaded with stuff. First, you have the syrup, nuts and caramelized bananas. Then you drown it in ice cream and chocolate ganache? The waffle at this point is totally lost in the whole process - becoming soggy from all the ingredients. It's just too much.The fried eggroll was filled with a chile pepper spiced chocolate with banana and peanuts inside. Albeit it was different and interesting, the eggroll became soggy from the chocolate inside.My husband and I found the two chocolate bars and chocolate covered rice krispies (supposedly malt balls but I didn't taste any malt flavouring) to be too sweet in combination with everything else. The brownies were okay, not great. The fondue (dark chocolate, baby!) was alright. We were wondering about the fire hazard we were going to create because flame kept setting our marshmallows on fire.Honestly, the dessert tasting is okay - would probably share it with 3-4 instead of 2 because it is really too much for two to handle. However, factor in all the other things like crappy service I have to say a 2 star review.
5	This place was an awesome, random find in the Forum Shops area.  When you enter turn left towards Nike and is is on the left-hand side.  We detoured after Serendipity had a 1 hr wait.  It was about 9PM and they were bussyyyyy, but we were seated promptly.   Like most places in LV, be patient.  It does take a while as the server is running around to10 others tables or so.  Don't expect fast food service in a  new, innovative restaurant (or actually in most restaurants in Vegas).  We started with the Young's chocolate stout which came in a can and was large enough for 2 to share.  It had a creamy consistency like Guinness with a dark chocolate aftertaste which was mellow and not too strong.  For food we got the mozzarella, basil, tomato pizza and the Sunday (something?) pasta.  I usually don't order Italian food as some dishes seem so basic and easily duplicated at home; however, my pasta dish was perfect.  I likes the combination of the pesto, garlic and sweet cherry tomatoes.  There was also a scoop of ricotta that tasted unlike any ricotta I've had before.  It was almost like goat cheese.  Overall, the pasta was simple, but very fresh and flavorful.  The pizza was also very good as my hubby ate it all and he's pretty against "fancy" pizza.  It was served thin crust style on a wooden block with VERY fresh ingredients. The finale! As everyone else had said - the chocolate is wonderful and the aromas do get you hungry for your dessert.  We ordered a trio of chocolate cake, frozen choc drink and vanilla ice cream.   Two= thumbs up.  There were also a silver container with melted chocolate you could drizzle over your desserts.  I'd come again.  Actually, I can't wait to go again.
4	If you love chocolate, you won't be disappointed.  Ordered a fondue sampler which was great!!! Service was good, prices were ok, but the food was awesome!  The only reason they get 5 stars is because service was kinda slow, and our waitress, although nice, seemed like a hott mess.
4	Wow. That pretty much sums it up for me.  I'm a fan of this restaurant/cafe and hope to come back for more.  Not only is the ambiance fun, but the food choices are excellent and the whole place explodes of chocolate.  From chocolate cocktails to cocoa dusted waffle fries, Max Brenner covers everything with a bit of sweet satisfaction.  For the Forums this place is reasonably priced and all dishes can easily be shared by two people if you have a small appetite.I truly enjoyed the eating their appetizer of fried pita with bobba..something..and their spice rubbed wings were awesome.  I had the classic burger with waffle fries--huge, juicy, and yummy--and my husband had the fish sandwhich, which consisisted of fried salmon and not fried white fish.  It was a great twist and was interesting to eat (although I don't like salmon at all).  We had a hazelnut cream shake that came in a cool glass (I bought one on my way out), and their vanilla popsicle fondue for dessert was fun and just the right size.If you're looking for a chocolate experience that's fresh in town, try out Max Brenner.  It's a great place for chocolate, food, and overall fun.PS: Ask for Danielle.  She's a star!
4	I had my first Max Brenner experience two weeks ago and I can't wait for another opportunity to try it out again.  Stopped in here on a whim after being lured in by chocolate samples.  What really grabbed our attention was the restaurant's mood.  After a long day shopping on the strip this place seemed like the ideal place to relax and get a dose of chocolate infused caffeine before heading out for the night.  I had the dark chocolate mocha served in the hug mug and was really surprised how much I enjoyed using this interesting take on a mug.  The service here was really good.  They were able to find a table for the 4 of us at the last minute next to the bar despite it being incredibly booked.  I wish we had one of these in LA.
4	I must echo all who came before me! The sandwiches looked fabulous although I did not go there for the regular food. We went for the Chocolate. We had the fondue and split it between 3 and was satisfied. I can't wait to return or better yet..... have one open here in DC!!! I asked the GM if we'd ever see one.... no commitment but their other two restaurants are doing very well.
4	This place is ammaazzzzinnngggg!! I found out about Max Brenner initially from when I want to NYC.  I like the NYC location better because it was more spacious, but Vegas definitely has its own unique ambiance that suited the restaurant.So let's get down to the food:White Hot Chocolate- My favorite drink! I got this in NYC as well.  I added an amaretto shot just because it's Vegas and it was delish. Mexican Hot Chocolate- Also a great choice--creamy hot chocolate with a bit of a spicy kick to it.Chai Tea- Came in a self-press kettle for extra freshness. Was amazing as well, but I would personally go for a chocolate drinkChocolate Pizza- I know this is what they're known for, but I definitely DID NOT like it :(...  It was waaay too rich and tasted like I was eating 3 bars of melted chocolate at once.  Definitely a must for the experience, but never again.Sugar Banana Waffle- This is the second waffle I've tried here and I don't think you can really go wrong with any of their waffles. My favorite part is the small Erlenmeyer-like flask of chocolate that comes with it.Brenner Burger- Your typically restaurant burger.  Good for a burger, but not anything too special.  The waffle fries dusted in cocoa powder and the sauce it came with were my favorite parts.Things I love about Max Brenner other than the food: the service, the hug mugs, the alice cup, the restaurant's design (100% pure chocolate pipes everywhere, the "you look good today" mirror in the bathroom, the menu, etc)
5	So, let me start by saying that we just grabbed a slice of the Chocolate Pizza to go. Not much, but we wanted a dessert and figured that a place based entirely around chocolate would be a good choice. To continue, the chocolate on the chocolate pizza may be the best chocolate I have ever had. The chocolate pizza has a sweet pizza dough covered with liquid milk and white chocolate. To be honest, I felt like the dough actually took a little bit away from the fantastic chocolate, mostly because the pizza dough isn't very soft. However, the chocolate was so good that it didn't matter. I would like to see a version of the pizza with a traditional, crunchy, thin crust. I can't wait to go back and try the other food, especially a Double Dark Chocolate Cookie. If you just want a sweet chocolatey dessert, I would recommend the Chocolate Syringe, which is a giant syringe filled with warm chocolate that you just squirt into your mouth. At $5.00, its a very reasonable, delicious dessert for the Vegas strip.As for the service, the person helping us at the little stand outside was extremely friendly. They were able to answer all of our questions and seemed very knowledgable about all the items offered. In conclusion, I will be back here when I'm back on the strip and it is definitely going on my list of favorites! I highly recommend this place to anyone in the area.
5	Had a chocolate shot before lunch. Warm and delish! Chocolate and regular pizzas for the family. All good. Great restaurant and will go back!!!!
4	max brenners, what can i say?absolutely amazing and chocolate heaven! if you love sweets and chocolate this is the place for you. my friends and i came here for breakfast on saturday. the staff is friendly and knowledgeable about all their drinks and food. we all had omelettes and one person had their banana waffles. the portions dont look that huge, but once you start eating you are stuffed. i had the well behaved omelette absolutely delicious. and its interesting that they inculde a biscuit with the meal to dip in the chocolate sauce. its a nice sweet and savory combination. also loved the hot chocolate in the hug mug its adorable. also had the white chocolate strawberry smoothie, i have to say i tasted everything the ice cream, the white chocolate and strawberries were all combined nicely. i loved the cup it came in, it said drink me and its from alice in wonderland!
5	I wish i saved the pictures on my phone to share this experience with you all. Located inside Cesar's Palace, near Spago and Guess.  Faves and I were both intrigued by this place due to the name of the restaurant and the similarity of it.  Max "chocolate by the bald guy"..just took off the last name.  Pretty crazy.  We came in close to 7 or 8pm and there werent many people in there and I dont know why.  This is such a good place!  We ordered the smoke rub chicken wings, bacon-cheddar-chicken rolls and mac & cheese. I would tell you how they were individually but I would max out the 5k character limit on my review.  Definetely have to try them out, really good quality food!  Drinks: I ordered the satisfaction guaranteed aphrodisiac chocolate drink which was spectacular and faves order a berry something chocolate drink which was also great as well.  For dessert, we settled for the fried bananas and asked for both the dark and milk chocolate dippings sauces which also came with a toffee dipping sauce as well.  So damn good!!I wish they had something like this in frisko.  This would be one of those things that i can wait in line for.  Many props to our waiter Ismael who took care of my friend and I.  Very kind man, who knows the menu (food and drinks) very well!
4	I NEED to come back here. I don't think I got my chocolate fix! This place is a must go.. at least once! The plating and presentation is creative, unique, and "cute" We did appetizers.. and all had bacon in them. Bacon is not my fave, but I was just going along with it. We had the "best macaroni and cheese," chicken skewers, and another got a BLAT: bacon, lettuce, avocado, tomato. I don't think this was the best macaroni and cheese, or whichever that was called. Yes, it was good, yes it was cheesy, gooey, creamy... but maybe I am biased because of the bacon that was spread throughout. Chicken skewers were tasty. Placed on toothpicks and wrapped in bacon, with a dipping sauce that I didn't focus on enough to distinguish. As for the dessert, which i will be back for next time... Screw the food!! I think the milkshakes are incredible and have a little Alice in Wonderland story to go along with them.. I have never had a milk shake like that before, this is a must get! We also shared a fondue with dark chocolate, caramel, and milk chocolate. The fondues came with brownies, choc chip cookies, marshmallows, strawberries, and bananas. Also, a little grill for roastin and toastin! This is a fun place to come as a group. I also noticed a side bar for to-go orders. So, if you want to enjoy while walking through the shops, or the strip... grab a milkshake to-go!
4	Our server Danielle (I hope I got that right) made some awesome suggestions I was tipsy off chocolate and munching on a fried fish sandwich.  The chicken wing appetizer was also awesome.  Cool atmosphere, music and friendly staff.  This place will definitely see me again.  I will be the guy trying ro eat some the decorations.
5	The breakfast burrito was great.
4	A friend and I stopped here for a quick chocolate experience.We tried the Mexican Spicy Hot Chocolate drink in their "Hug Mug".  It had red chili, nutmeg, cinnamon and pepper in it.  I know the chili and pepper sound a little weird in a chocolate drink, and it does tingle, but it's a fascinating sensation, and really pleasant.I was admittedly disappointed by the decor.  They have these pipes labeled "Chocolate" that run through the bar and look like they are depositing chocolate from some untapped source a la Willy Wonka to their chocolate dispensers.  After inquiring, the waitress admitted they don't really tap chocolate from an underground well.  Consider my dreams shattered.I give it 4 stars based on only having one drink thus far and no further frame of reference, but I could see this being a good date place.  The service was nice, the decor is pleasant (even if it lies), and our server was friendly.Not bad for an impromptu treat.
5	Best chocolate shake i've ever tasted! totally surpasses Serendipity and better than Godiva in my opinion.  I ordered the first shake off of the frozen/ chocolate shake section ($8).  Served in their quintessential milk shake mug ($13)and floated a ball of bourbon vanilla ice cream on top with chocolate crust.  I couldn't help but purchased a couple of those mugs myself.  Didn't get into their desserts but sure will next time.  The banana and chocolate crunchy plate with waffles ($14)seemed good.  I tried a piece of chocolate covered pecans ($11 for 2.8oz )and it was very good as well.Ordered a chicken and soba salad($13), and a beef quesadilla ($14)to go and they were good. Of course their chocolate goods are better though.Will definitely go back!
4	Located inside Cesear's Palace, my husband and I came here for dinner while visiting.  The food was delicious.  We started with a dark chocolate drink served in the HugMug.  It was very good without being overly sweet.  For dinner he ordered the Brenner burger, and I had the vegetarian burger.  That was, without a doubt, the best veggie burger I've ever had.  He really liked his as well. The service was nice and efficient.For desert we ordered the waffles, chocolate, and banana dish.  Absolutely worth getting.  We almost had to lick the plate clean it was so tasty.  I highly recommend this restaurant for outstanding food and a fabulous experience with chocolate.
5	This place is wonderful... gotta love the chocolate there.  The prices are a little high but worth it.  I will go here again.
5	I fell in love with Max Brenner and I haven't even met him yet! So we were walking around Forum on Sunday because I was killing time before my flight back to SD.  I saw a huge sign that says "Chocolate Love Story" and curious me went to find out what the heck it was.  At the hostess counter, I saw "chocolate pizza" and immediately walked in.  Everything about this place screams chocolate, and is enough to make anyone fall in love!FOOD:I ordered the Spicy Chicken Pizza and the Brenner Burger. It came with spicy chipotle mayonnaise and an onion ring inside.  The pizza was on thin crust and was enough to feed 4 people.  It was really good, because we took the suggestion from the hostess that seated us.  The burger was very juicy and the patty was really thick.  The bread was fresh and complimented the burger very well!  It came with waffle fries, which were really crispy and delicious!SERVICE:Our waiter was awesome.  They have great service here (which made up for the lack of good customer service we had the night before).  I didn't get his name but almost everyone I spoke to there was very down to earth and willing to help.  After lunch, I went into the chocolate shop area, where they sell chocolates and shirts, so I could bring some of the chocolate lovin' home.  I ended up buying a chocolate cookbook ($25), a t-shirt ($14.50), a HugMug ($8.50), and an Alice cup ($13.50).  I had the help of some cute asian girl with awesome hair. She's very nice and even individually wrapped all my stuff for me to carry on the plane and the ones that I gave out as gifts.AMBIANCE:I love the feel of this place. Its like its own chocolate factory!  The music was good, the people are friendly.  I would definitely come back. :)Its as if I died and had gone to chocolate heaven.
5	I had never heard of this place, but was planning a visit to LV and signed up for Groupons there to see if any good deals were available in the preceding weeks.  One was available for $24 worth of food for dine in only - the cost was $12.  After reading reviews, I was very excited to go, although the Groupon was restricted to 1 per table (there were going to be 4 of us in my party).The Saturday I was in LV, the restaurant closed at 12.30am, and we got there at 12am.  Our server, Ryan, was nice, but I was trying to determine whether he was slightly annoyed that we came in so close to closing time.  After he gave us menus, then returned to see if we had any questions - it took asking so many questions to get some information out of him on what was good, etc.  At one point I felt bad asking so many questions - but if you're not forthcoming with information and we're overwhelmed - what do you expect?!  Anyhow, we finally settled on the Profiterole Fondue, an Apple Waffle and 2 Apple Crisps (pics coming soon).After all the drama from perusing the menu and trying to decide, everyone in my party was spectacularly impressed!  The serving sizes were plenty for 1 person (could even be shared with 2), the flavors were decadent, and the chocolate was as perfect as I could imagine.  I had the fondue, and couldn't even finish it all because it was so rich.  Don't get grossed out, but it was so rich, I thought I might get sick at one point if I took another bite...and I still wanted to it was so good!We were celebrating a birthday, so once we determined we could eat no more - Ryan brought out a tiny plate with a candle and a square of chocolate - a nice touch!  With the $24 Groupon, the bill came to a little over $50 - so it's a pricey place, but worth a once-in-a-while visit.One bonus of being the last customers - another server asked us if we liked cookies.  Of course we said yes, and she she then brought each of us one of the large chocolate cookies that they were going to toss.  They were so thick, and they were warm!  We all decided to take them on the plane with us the next day, and I was so glad I did.  It was de-li-cious!All in all, I was very happy I discovered this place.  I've been to a chocolate bar before in DC - but it can't compare....Max Brenner is simply the bomb.  Oh and the decor was so fun!  In the ladies room, the mirror had some writing on it that said something like "you look extremely good today"....how nice :)
5	What a perfect way to end a all girl's weekend in Vegas.  We went there for "breakfast" at about 1 in the afternoon.  Our server Brenda was helpful and friendly.  She took time to make suggestions, answer questions, and even let us try some peanut sauce when we started talking about lettuce wraps.If you are looking for unique ways to cure a chocolate craving, this is the place for you!!  The Mexican Hot Chocolate was delicious.  That little bit of chili kick at the end made for a delicious spicy surprise.  One friend ordered the Berry Lovely made with chambord, raspberry sauce, and white chocolate  We were all sneaking sips of this unique drink.  She liked it so much she had another.The banana split waffles were FABULOUS!!!  They waffle had a caramelized  crunch that was soooo yummy.I had to go with the "Feelin Good About Yourself" Turkey burger.  It was SOOO good.  The mushrooms, swiss cheese and caramelized onions were a great combination with the extra large bun and burger.  The criss cut fries with cocoa and chili powders were good too!The BEST part of the meal was (believe it or not there was still room) the S'Mores sundae.  Thank you, Brenda for the suggestion.  HEAVEN in a glass!  It was a blending of chocolate ice cream, chocolate fudge, graham crackers, marshmallow fluff, and peanut butter!!!!!!!  I wish I could have eating it all, but my butt and thighs are glad I didn't.This will be a DO NOT MISS next time I'm in Vegas.  ENJOY!!!
4	I was really surprised to actually say that this restaurant was really good! I expected something more like a casual restaurant that specializes in chocolates BUT they proved me wrong.The restaurant decor was really cute and modern. I would definitely say this would be a cute date place where the wallet doesn't have empty much. Average price is $13.The food was amazing delicious. We had the burger, club sandwich, quesadilla, waffle fries. All were very yummy. The meat in the burger was cooked perfectly. The desserts? i can't even start. During our meal they let us try all the malt shakes. Soooo good. and for dessert? the Fondue was sooo good which came with chocolate, white chocolate, and caramel dippings. The banana tempura was to die for.i would recommend this place for the decor, ambience, food and desserts! A great date place!
4	If you love chocolate, you'll love Max Brenner!  This place is like chocolate nirvana.  Chocolate, chocolate, chocolate everywhere!  Place is nice with modern decor, and the smell of cocoa wafting everywhere inside.  I think the last restaurant to occupy this space in Caesar's was Chinois.  This review is only for the desserts part of the menu, we didn't try any of the breakfast, brunch, or dinner food so I won't be commenting on it.  But a lot of it did look good!  On to some chocolate!Myself, I'm not much of a chocolate or sweets fan (I'll make an exception for ice cream, my Mom's baking, and Halo-Halo) so I tend to not eat it very often.  My niece asked us to meet her there for a 'snack' one evening she was visiting LV and we said, "Where?"  That's my first hearing of Max Brenner.  I pull up the website online and check out their menu.  They had a lot of spins on chocolate and desserts involving chocolate.  Almost everything they had on the dessert menu had chocolate.  See a theme here?  It seemed intriguing, and of course my lady had no objections trying this place out.At Max Brenner's they take their chocolate seriously.  It's supposed to be an experience, a celebration of cultures of sorts.  In fact, I think the company itself calls it the 'New worldwide chocolate culture'.  But don't quote me!  Their dessert menu is varied and is very playful.  There are 'crepe brulees' and waffles, sweet icons like S'mores , classics with a chocolate twist like tiramisu and cheesecake, their popular chocolate fondue, as well as their menu named 'Max I Scream' with their takes on ice cream and chocolate.  First we tried the Chocolate Chunks Pizza with the works - Max's double chocolate melting chunks with hazelnuts, bananas, peanut butter, and roasted marshmallows ($16.95).  I thought for this price the pizza should be fairly large but when it came out, it was only about a 9 or 10 inch!  A bit small, but six of us managed to share the whole thing because we could only handle a slice each!  It's very rich and decadent, lots of chocolate and lots of sweet.  Sweet for my tastes but it was good nonetheless.  My main gripe was that the pizza crust was a bit too thick and not very crunchy.  Everyone else on the table loved it though.  Next we tried the Banana Split Waffles with vanilla bourbon ice cream, milk chocolate truffle, and caramelized rice krispies ($13.95).  I thought this was pretty good.  The waffle was nice and warm and went great with the cool ice cream.  This desert I liked better because it wasn't over the top sweet, I found it had a better balance of flavors and the chocolate was more complemented by the waffle.  This dessert was a bit on the small size as well but we managed to share just fine.My niece said we had to try the fries, I said "Sure, why not?"  For me this was the best thing of the night.  Max Brenner's Waffle Fries 'dusted' with chili and cocoa powder were excellent!  Coming to our table nice and hot, the crunchy, savory waffle fries went very well with the semi-sweet cocoa powder dusted on.  I couldn't stop eating them!  They even tasted good after dipping them in ketchup!  Sorry folks if I ruined the flavor for you on that one, ketchup is a food group at my house...it goes with EVERYTHING!  My only complaint was that the serving size again - on the small side.  Who eats here, Oompa Loompas?Regardless of the smaller portions here I think another visit to Max Brenner's is in order.  I really want to try their ice cream concoctions and their fondue.  Service was quick and friendly here, and not too bothersome so we could catch up with my niece.  Max Brenner also has a chocolate shop within the restaurant where you can stock up on nearly anything chocolate for your trip back home.  Nuts, candies, you name it.  Oh yeah, where else can you get a $5 shot of Max Brenner premium chocolate in a plastic syringe??  Creepy to me, but some folks were in line waiting outside the restaurant for a free sample of this crack-like chocolate from a syringe!  It was like their fix of the day!  They got my kids to give in too...we ended up buying one to take home!  Diabetics beware!!**Oh, I forgot to mention, the chocolate from the syringe is squirted into your mouth...not injected into your arm!**
5	An absolute must. My girlfriend and I found this place almost by accident, and because of her addiction to chocolate we decided to give it a try. We shard a pizza and it was well big enough for the both of us. Then came my amazing cappuccino followed by the most incredible chocolate gelato sundae. Incredible decor and style throughout makes you feel like you're sitting in an old pub. Highly recommend.
5	We passed by this place about a month ago when we were shopping at The Forum. I thought this was just a chocolate shop / dessert place. After taking a closer look at their menu displayed in the front, we discovered they serve food too! Finally ate here a few days ago....I loved the layout of this restaurant, it really felt like sitting in a chocolate factory! There were big jars on the walls filled with pieces of chocolate, crates on the floor filled with cocoa beans, pipes on the ceiling with flowing chocolate, etc. My husband and I came in for a light lunch. We ordered:Max's Pizza - Meaty, Crispy, Cheesy & More: not really a fan of thin pizzas, but this was great! Very tasty, can't go wrong with pepperoni and bacon, which are my two favorite pizza toppings! I also liked how they cut it into bite sized pieces.Southwestern Caesar Salad with Chicken (individual size): I know this sounds boring, but this was THE BEST Caesar Salad I have ever eaten! Good quality lettuce, good grilled chicken, all the ingredients were cut small so it was easy to eat. Very tasty and loved the creamy Mexican Caesar dressing too!Pure Chocolate Truffle Granita: they were giving out samples of this in the mall, we both liked it. It was thick, not overly sweet and came in a neat "Alice Cup" with a metal straw.Service was okay. We didn't wait too long for our food. The waitress didn't seem too excited about her job though, maybe she was having a bad day? But she did take time to explain things on the menu and checked up on us a few times.I will definitely come back again to try their other drinks and desserts! The Chocolate Surprise Tiramisu sounds good. The waffle fries with chili and cocoa powder sound interesting too.
5	Just as good as the original! I didn't even know they opened a location in Las Vegas but I had to try it out when I walked by it. The food is just as good as the desserts that they are known for! I had the cheesy and crispy mac and cheese, probably one of the best I've had! My friend had the "Sunday Mood Pasta" which was very tasty too! For dessert we had "Crystal Sugar Churros Fondue". There were 4 of us and it was the perfect size after eating all that food! LOVED it. Surprisingly it wasn't that expensive either!
5	First time I had Max Brenner, it was about 5 years ago in Sydney, Australia... where i have the very first time their chocolate Suckao and you will never think that chocolate can have that many variation and forms to enjoy.  Then finally 2 years ago they finally land new york and i was very eager to check it out, and i have ordered online every year as a Xmas Gift to friends and family... ... and now they move to Vegas inside the Forum Shop ......Bravo!!!!!!   I was there yesterday after a long drive and a hard day of work, I have already the Banana Spilt Waffles and also the Dark Chocolate Suckao and if  I can eat more.. i will order everything from their dessert and drink menu.. Not that i dont wanna the regular food menu, but their chocolate is really GREAT!!!!... PLEASE COME TO LA......Why??  its a Kosher chocolate from Israel.. and we got a whole lot of population to support it..... and 2nd....You will have no competition not even from the so call Swiss or Belgium Chocolate stores or any of the own Chocolate store!!
4	The Thai chicken skewers and Mac N' Cheese were good, but let's be honest; Max Brenner is all about chocolate.  The churros with dark chocolate fondue, raspberry, and caramel dipping sauces were amazing.  The hardest part is deciding what dessert to order. I suggest eating a lighter meal and indulging yourself with an extra dessert.  I have been to the MB in New York as well.  The Vegas location lacks some of the impact of the NY one when it comes to the chocolate smell.  The large opening connecting the restaurant to the Forum Shops probably has something to do with it.  The desserts are delicious and won't disappoint you in any city.  I highly recommended MB if you enjoy chocolate.  The fifth star is missing only because I wished the quality of the rest of their menu matched the desserts.
5	Thank you for saving the night! We had a terrible showdown with a snobby waitstaff at Serendipity 3 and walked over here (see review). For that- I simply fucking want to hug everyone here. I have guests we were showing around and with being known to be the girl who knows what's up, I didn't want to not only have an alternative for their goal of going to Serendipity crushed, but I wanted to even try to exceed such a place. I love the warm decor and the blast of chocolaty goodness wafting in the air. I'm not even much of a chocolate fiend, but that smell was enough to make me feel like I have to break the chocolate tub by the entrance and bathe myself til I go into a cacao overdose. I had Hazelnut Truffle Shake, BF had a Cookieshake and my friend had the milk chocolate granita. That was an amazing shake. Also I tried my friends granita which is the closest to Serendipity Frozen Hot Chocolate and I think this was better! You can tell its finer quality chocolate. Why do I know? I'm cacao sensitive and high contents of it not only get me literally intoxicated, but it makes the back of my throat tingle and go numb (not in a bad way but think almost like a menthol sensation) and I have tingly body sensations. My drink here gave me that feeling, Serendipity's does not since it's cacao is not high enough. Kudos on the cup too- metal straws are genius. I kinda want a set for home....get my Kool-Aid on.  I took home a white chocolate bar with pistachios and crunchies for the BF and I to indulge tomorrow. We were given a sample of a almond covered in their chocolate and it made both of us say "damn". The packaging is adorable so its a good gift stop. I actually am glad that I was able to give Max Brenner the business instead of Serendipity. Their desserts look so good my BF and I are already talking about coming back soon.... we will actually make the trek to the strip (a rare thing) for some goodies. I think for the ambiance and the quality of the items this place is a solid choice.
4	I am just going to skip to the dessert because the food was OH-kay. The waffle fries were good but nothing I would rejoice about and the pizza was whatever.BUT THE DESSERT WAS AN EXPLOSIVE CHOCOLATE JUNGLE IN MY MOUTH!!!I will definitely be going back there for my sweet tooth/chocolate fix. It's affordable and fun to split with a friend. If there's only two, i suggest just sharing one dessert. Actually, to reference back to the food, we shared the pizza and the dessert. Anywayz. I got the SPECTACULAR MELTING CHOCOALTE S'MORES SUNDAE which is described as spectacular for a reason. Marshmallows, graham crackers, and chcolate with chocolate gelato. Sugar orgy. It was really huge, but I was kind of disappointed when it was over lol.Service was whatever but the dessert made up for it. mmm mmmm mmmmmmmmmmmm.
5	Had the burger an it was a hit; esp. the fries ; value for portion was good, but I am sure the meau has its weak points, glad i didn't find it. Chocolate are on the high end. But good food.
4	While walking through the Forum shops at Caesars Palace I noticed a huge picture of a bald man and chocolate pipes running through a restaurant. I thought to myself - what is this place and I have definitely got to try it out! Sure enough, we ended up coming here twice for desert in our 3 day stay in Vegas :). The first time the hubby and I chose to share the chocolate fondue which consisted of fresh fruit (bananas & strawberries), cookies, brownies and marshmallows. The dark chocolate was so delicious and made everything taste even better! The second time I chose the chocolate molten "cake & shake" and the hubby got the chocolate pizza. My cake & shake was yummy and so rich I could hardly finish it. The choclate shake comes in a little shot glass and it was so yummy - I could definitely get that alone in a larger size! The hubby did not enjoy his chocolate pizza. The crust was not sweet by any means and was definitely pre-baked and not baked to order. It definitely tasted stale. I'm sure if the chocolate pizza was baked on a fresh pizza crust it could have been very yummy.
5	Max Brenner is very good. I ordered a chicken hamburger and it was delicious. My husband a Turkey Panini and it was also very good. Came with really good fries on the side with pickles. The deco re was also very cute and the restaurant itself is very clean. The also have a chocolate shop right next to the restaurant and it all looked really good. Unfortunately, I was stuffed eating my chicken hamburger that i did not get to try their Delicious deserts. They looked and sounded really good. I will have to go there just to have desert the next time I am there. The service was also very nice and the waiter that we had also treated us very well. If you are hungry and you like chocolate I would try this place!
4	Chocolate, chocolate, and more chocolate!  I was anxious to get through my dinner, so I could order dessert.  Do NOT go here if you are planning on skipping dessert.  I had a thin crust pizza for dinner, which was fine, not amazing, but good enough.  My husband had a chicken sandwich, which he said was good.  Our son had chicken and waffle fries. He seemed to enjoy the "painting" with the ketchup and mustard.  I tried his waffle fries.  Again, they were fine, but I couldn't taste much of the cocoa.  And then....dessert!  We had the sample platter with fondue, a chocolate eggroll, chocolate pebbles, chocolate barks, a banana waffle, and chocolate to drizzle over it.  The fondue was amazing...especially the marshmallows. We will definitely come back for the fondue and other delicious tempting desserts.
5	Great, a very good suprise!! Hot chocolate very good, Brenner burger with Black and Tan  Onion rings with a side of cocoa dusted waffle fries yum. So full but Chocolate pizza was rich and unreal. But most importantly the best service I have had in awhile. Only complaint is the seating is tight and chairs are uncomfortable.
5	I was a little weary of this place after trying Max Brenner's in NY, which I thought was tad overrated. But dining at the Vegas location did NOT disappoint!The entrees are a bit pricey (be prepared to spend at least $14 on a sandwich) but they are large and generous with the helpings, plus the food display is pretty and the ambiance only adds to the feeling of a rich and luxurious dining experience.I shared a Bacon Avocado Lettuce Tomato sandwich with a friend and it was completely savory with enormous hunks of avocado and bacon. Plus the seasoned criss-cut fries and dip were equally deeelectable.Our waitress was the sweetest woman ever; she was incredibly friendly and attentive to our huge party of fourteen, graciously taking care of the most customary services like water and napkins. She even encouraged us to share dishes that we wanted to order (who does that these days?!). When we decided not to order a dessert, she told us to go down to the chocolate shop and get free samples. Someone give her the Employee of the Month plaque, please. Don't wait for your trip to NY if you can try Max Brenner in Vegas! Better service and better food to be had here!
5	Talk about getting chocolate wasted!! you might get a cavity just stepping in here. its like willy wonka paid a visit to club poetry and turned it into a chocolate cafe. okay enough with the sad jokes, but seriously this place is my new happiness. ive tried enough just to say its totally worth breaking all the rules.. i must say that im a sucker for anything white chocolate. and oh my, i had me some hot white chocolate chai. MMMM! and dont just judge them for their chocolate, but they have some must-try skirt steak & mushroom quesadillas!! they even have a second floor and a couple of private rooms for some celebration time. anyway, just take my word and try it already!
3	It's a nice place for a brunch date.  The actual food was OK, nothing special other than the plates they are put on... We had this crepe... lots of chocolate... two bites in and we felt like we were done.The drinks were good though.  Again, the containers they were in were cooler than the actual drinks themselves.... but hey. I think it's one of those places.  You pay for the stuff you don't actually eat.I will probably go back for coffee, but that's pretty much it.
3	There is chocolate everywhere. If don't see edible chocolate, then you will see something that will direct you to the fact that this place is all about chocolate. ChocolateChocolateChocolate. Even if the mac n cheese doesn't have chocolate, then your drink is sure to have chocolate. You can betcha bottom dollah, that drink is pure chocolate...at least mine was. It was half dark and half milk chocolate. I was drowned...in chocolate. I actually fought the tenacity to ask the waitress to cut my chocolate drink with a little milk. After a bit, she returned with my drink, and it turns out they actually warmed the milk before adding it to my Italian Thick Hot Chocolate, as it was called.My un-chocolate item was their recommended crunchy mac n cheese. I didn't really get what the big deal is about this dish. It has bacon. *crickets* Big deal. My beau had the Peanut Butter Chockie. It was just okay for me. I did enjoy my Italian Thick Hot Chocolate more (after it was cut with the warm milk). I love the cute little Hug Mug my drink was served in. For the most part, the concept of this chain is fun, but next time, I would skip the mac n cheese. I can very easily whip up yummier crunchy mac n cheese at home.
4	Flying in from San Francisco and running on fumes, I was desperate for a pick me up.  Went to the Chocolate bar outside of the restaurant and needed a recommendation for something heavenly to drink. The lady put together a Chocolate Granita.  Wow, a smooth creamy cold tasting hot chocolate. Incredible.My buddy the next day was dying of curiosity and picked up a slice of the chocolate pizza.  Deelish...nice and warm too.This, and we haven't even stepped into the restaurant yet.  Next time in Vegas we will.
3	We went for a Saturday brunch.  I'm always looking for new places to brunch, and this one excited me.  Brunch AND chocolate?  What could be better?Ambiance:  This place felt like an old English pub.  Very dark, with lots of wood.  It was cozy, but the chairs were not the most comfortable, especially the ones with arms.  If you are anything bigger than a size 12 or 14, you might want to opt for one of the armless chairs for a more comfortable dining experience.Service:  Very nice and prompt.  Nothing special, but nothing to complain about.Food.  YUMMY!!!!!   But WAY overpriced.  We started with mocha lattes, which was one of the best I'd ever had - rich and creamy and just total perfection.  But a very small portion for the $8 pricetag.    Then we shared the Well Mannered Omelet ($14 I think)- and it too was delicious perfection.  There was so much goat cheese oozing from the omelet, and the side of potatoes were spiced just right.  It also came with a sugar dusted biscuit and chocolate dipping sauce...mmmmm.  So good.We also shared the Illegal Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate Pancakes, and ate every fabulous bite. However, $15 for pancakes is just too much to spend, even being as delicious as they were.My friend got the Max Brenner burger. (about $15 I think) She had ordered it medium rare and it came out medium well, but they quickly fixed it for her.  I didn't try the burger, but I did have several of her chocolate dusted waffle fries.  YUM YUM!  Who'd have thought....fries and chocolate?Overall, I would have rated it higher except that it was just too overpriced.  I guess I should have anticipated that given there were no prices on the restaurant website. And I suppose it is par for the course for a restaurant on the Strip.  I might return one day for a special occasion, or just to share a chocolate dessert with some friends, but I definitely won't be a regular.
4	Went here for my cousins 21st birthday, it was difficult to find but once you saw the bald head of Max Brenner, you knew you were at the right place. I didn't expect them to have so much selection for a notorious chocolate place when I read the menu.They actually have two, one that is more formal, with a simple list of salads, pastas, burgers/sandwiches, sides and appetizers. Pretty normal for a restaurant. The one that caught my eye was the Kobe Beef Burger, I decided to go with it since it costs about an extra $2.When I got the burger, I was impressed with the display. It's not your average plate, you get served with a wooden style pallet with this 8+ inch steel rod in the middle of the burger. It was quite huge and definitely did not make me feel bad for spending $16 on a burger. The sides were a waffle style french fries and came with a unique sauce on the side, which I put on the burger and fries. I was also impressed with their style of bowls/cups, when my seatmates ordered their pasta, it was something I've never seen at a restaurant before. It reminded me of the seat Will Smith sat in for his interview in Men In Black. I wanted one. In fact, when I have my own place, it is a goal of mine to have these obnoxious bowls that wouldn't be good for cereals or soup, but great for pastas and stir fry!When I bit into the burger, I was one happy camper. The thing was huge and I decided to use a fork and knife just so I don't ruin it. I felt like, it was not your average burger, might as well eat it like it wasn't a normal burger.The atmosphere was alright, for a large group that we had (about 11 people), it was pretty decent. Kind of hard for the booth side, in case someone needed to hit up the restroom (which is located upstairs). Also, the music was played very loud, kind of like a club but it wasn't club music.. It was like, lounge or jazz... At one point they played a beat where I felt like I was in a jungle or something! Our server was nice, she had to handle a lot with a big group. I am sure I would have gotten a better experience with that if it was maybe 4-5 at most. Then again, you know what your expecting with a big group. Whats your order? Next.Sadly, I didn't get a chance to have dessert as my buddies wanted to go back to the hotel and party. And I don't know if chocolate and alcohol would mix well, I mean.. It really depends what your drinking. I KNOW... Dessert is why you go there but again, the Kobe burger got to me and I my hunger was definitely satisfied. I'm also trying to watch my diet... So the burger was more than enough. Originally, I was going to go for the turkey burger/sandwich but I said, "what the hell, I'm already here and... I've never had a Kobe beef burger... Might as well go big or go home!"Anyways, I would go here again. Definitely for a big date night, special occasion or if I was in the area and decided to spend at least $20-30 on myself for lunch/dinner.
5	Love the atmosphere / set-up. And it just smells absolutely divine. The cocktails were incredible. And there were so many things from the menu we wanted to try. We opted for sharing the White Chocolate Cheesecake Crepe (which came with dulce de leche ice cream and an orange mint "salad"). So insanely delicious. This place is now at the top of our list for a re-visit. We sat at the bar and service was a little sparse, but the staff was very friendly.
1	man i REALLY REALLY REALLY wanted to enjoy this place. but it was the ultimate fail. i found a groupon about 2 months ago $24 worth of food for $12 and yelped it and automatically bought the groupon. i live in so cal, but i knew i was going to vegas this past weekend so i got it. i was SO excited to try this place out. the bf and i headed straight there on thursday for breakfast (we left so cal around 5 am and go to vegas about 9ish) and i ordered the skillet and my friend got the lazy omelet. after we ordered our food we waited...and waited...and waited and saw other customers getting their breakfast (when they were seated about 10-15 minutes after us) and still waited. i didn't want to complain because it was our first hour in vegas and didn't want to start off the day bad, but i can tell that my friend was getting a bit annoyed and so was i. finally our waitress said that our food would be right out, after the guy who was seated 25 minutes after us got his food. finally the food came out...it looked amazing smelled amazing and tasted AMAZING. i was munching and enjoying every bite and at my 5th bite...i saw something thought it was cheese, but it was a long stringy curly hair....like i mean at least 4 inches long and it was disgusting. i barely ate my food, i was starving, but after seeing that you loose your appetite you can't eat. and my friend stopped eating. we told our waitress and she brought over the manager who comped both our meals. and told us to come back before our trip was over to use our groupon. he was so nice for comping both our meals we tipped our waitres $10 and was happy. i didn't want to yelp about this, but i have to explain our HORRIBLE experience the 2nd time around. on saturday we came here for lunch. our waiter was HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HOOOOOOOOOORRIBLE. juan didn't acknowledge us for 15 minutes, took our drink order, didn't come back for another 5 minutes, took our food order, which took 30 MINUTES AGAIN (yes other people ordered after us and got their food before us again), never checked up on us, took another 10 minutes after we ate to flag him down to get our check, he took my CC and walked around everywhere with it (which makes me paranoid about CC fraud) and after he had it for 15 minutes he then swiped my card i was ANNOYED. the food however was amazing, pricey, but hey it's vegas, but NOT WORTH IT I WILL NEVER COME BACK EVER AGAIN. i was so upset i'm not sure if it's because we're asian or we had really BAD luck, but it was horrible and i am upset that i even had to spend a penny there. i will NOT recommend this to anyone who wants to enjoy their vegas trip and if you do come here watch out for hair and say no to juan.p.s. they also take away your food even though you're not finished happened both during breakfast and lunch. even though my bf didn't want to eat his meal he wanted a bite of the "famous" biscuit w/ chocolate spread, but the waitress just took it away after the manager ok'd the comp and juan took away my plate right when i was about to eat my fries...ugh i'm still super annoyed -_-;;
5	I started drafting a review for this joint for a week now. And I tried finding the right words to entice the meaning of my 5 stars.I'm at a yelper's review block.I kept writing-erasing-rewriting-erasing.In the end, all I can say is how unbelievably impressed and in-love I am with everything. And the only way to find out is to try yourself. I guarantee you will love it too. I wish I could rate this place beyond 5 stars, and grant them a full galaxy.Just a tip, don't o.d. on the sugar. Balance, my friend.P.s. I'm sort of like a Chai nut, their whitemocha chai is major league status. I recommend.
5	WOWOWOWOWOW!! This is one of my new favorite restaurants. Everything about my experience was outstanding....Walking up to the restaurant allured me with the aroma of chocolate.  They must fan it out into the forum shops.  If I had to be nit-picky, the only thing I would say is that the stools are not the most comfortable seating...but the staff was amazingly helpful - ask for Danielle, not only is she gorgeous but soo helpful and freindly.  (She's getting props from her co-workers after seeing her name again in yelp, I'm sure)  :DThe food spoke to me & I ate so much I was full for the rest of the next day!! lol We ordered a bunch of things off the menu to try and there wasn't one dud.Mac & Cheese, the Brenner burger & the pulled pork sliders were excellent.  The milk chocolate hot chocolate and the butterscotch milkshake, YUMMMM!!!   Food coma!I will without a doubt tell everyone to check this place out. The only one on the West Coast.  And I will certainly go back as often as my waistline will permit me to.  FAT KIDS HEAVEN!
4	Step inside folks, here's a chocolate whore house! wooohooo....time to drink up. While I usually dislike chocolate, I couldn't help but put a smile on my face when I arrived. The peeps were trying to find a sweet spot to ease their craving for sugary snacks, so we stopped by Max Brenner in passing. Great atmosphere, almost as if you're transported to the days of red rover and four square. Awww....to be a kid again. So step right up....for amazing chocolaty goodness that converted a non-chocolate loving person to a chocolate whore when she wandered in here! No seriously, this place serves up sinful desserts to share, the perfect spot for a late night sweet!
5	Halleluja! Halleluja! Halleluja! Halleluja! Halleluja!God, I hope this is what heaven looks like...in the form of Max Brenner. I've heard of this place from my girlfriends who have been singing its praises and from hearing the word "Vegas" I immediately said two things. Yes, I will go and I want to go to Max Brenner's.First thing you notice when you come in is the decadent smell of chocolate in the air. It absolutely permeates the entire restaurant. I felt like I was in altered state of mind from the smells. I could tell that I was walking around Caesar's later on with a glazed look on my face.It's an extensive space with a second floor and I felt like I was in Willy Wonka's factory. I looked at their menu and as much as the savory items on the menu were tempting, I wanted the full monty experience. I ordered the Illegal Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate pancakes and it's got to be seen to be believed! It supplied me with breakfast the following day! I also had a Mexican hot chocolate in a hug mug which I absolutely adored! If I had all the money in the world, I'd probably spend half of it here. Definitely will make a pilgrimage here every time I'm in Las Vegas.
5	Close your eyes.  Really just do it, just for a minute...  First there's a slight crunch, you just bit the very outside of Max Brenners OMG chocolate chip and walnut cookie. Its heavy and still slightly warm.  Bite down, the semi sweet chocolate chips melt and theres a big chunk of walnut in every bite.  Let the chips melt on your tongue and rich butter taste fill your mouth.  Don't stop there.  Once you get to the middle, there is no disappointment.  The cookies are fat in the middle and are slighty undercooked for that lovely yummy gooey warm bite you always want.Open your eyes.  Go to vegas now and get that cookie.  Sigh, I want to go get another one right now.  I am in love with chocolate chip cookies, but after tasting this one I can not go back to the others.  Best I ever had.  Thank you max brenner.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!the "THE WORKS" pizza is realllllllyyyyyy gooooooodddd the banana waffle is good tooeverything's so good here!i'm not a chocolate eater, but i love their food! :D
5	This is my 1st 5-Star review on Yelp!!!  Max Brenner....yes please!  You know a cookie is Out-Of-This-World-Incredible when you are still talking about it 24 hours later.  This little chocolate stop in the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace caught me by surprise.  Chocolate Syringes, Chocolate Pizza, the best/richest Hot Chocolate ever made, and the BEST COOKIE I have ever had are just a few of the things this place had to offer. By the time a person is 28, they have had a lot of cookies.  I have had hundreds of store bought ones, ones made from friends and family, ones I have attempted, and lots from different restaurants and shops.  Now for me to say that this is the BEST COOKIE I have ever had....that is a huge deal!  A $5 cookie just sounds ridiculous but that place is going to see many bills coming out on my wallet for years to come.  Max Brenner is a must-visit place for me forever.   That heavy, warm, gooey cookie stole my heart and I want more!  I could go on forever about it but you just need to get there a.s.a.p. and find out for yourself.  Happy Eating!
5	I LOVE Max Brenner. This was a five star experience from start to finish. The decor is lovely with the deep brown woods and whimsical artwork literally making me feel as if I am truly in a chocolate factory. But, even if you are not a chocolate fanatic like myself everything else I tasted made me want more. I know you want to hear about the food:For food I had the pleasure of making out with the Pulled Pork Slider that had a citrus slaw and fried pickle on top of the perfectly tender bbq pork which was served on a lightly toasted brioche bun. To die for my friends! Next was the Philly Cheesesteak Slider. The meat was very tender and had a nice flavor as well. Lastly the BBQ Burger Slider. This was top notch in my book for tasty burgers. A melted slice of sharp cheddar and crispy onion ring was the perfect balance to the beef. I could have just left after these and been content, but now is when I go into complete ecstasy.Dessert. I live for dessert. It makes all of the troubles of life disappear if only for a moment. That being said, Max Brenner hits it out of the park with ALL of the desserts I had. Chocolate/Chocolate chip cookie, Chocolate chip/Walnut cookie, I love you. They were served warm and with beakers of milk. This might have been the moment in the evening when I turned to my friends and said," If someone proposed to me that I wasn't really into I might just say YES if they did it here". I cannot say enough about the quality of the chocolate used. Smooth, not overly sweet, but just divine in every way. My favorite dessert by far was the Banana Split Waffles.  The waffle was dense, warm and had a flavor like no other waffle I have ever tasted. The best I've ever tasted anywhere! It was topped with fresh banana and complimented by a drizzle of melted chocolate sauce. Home fricken run! I know I went off on the food, but I must also go off on the service. All of the staff was friendly down to the buspersons. Maybe I was tipping too much because I was actually bribing them with their trays of goodness, but I think it was because they were so nice and made me feel special. All of my friends have said the same about the staff. Max Brenner, until we meet again under the pale moonlight I am going to tell everyone who has a mouth and a belly to take a journey through Flavor Town for a VIP experience at your restaurant. xoxo
5	I've been to the NYC location, only to walk right out after being told it'd be close to an hour wait. Well years later, I'd finally have my chance to eat here!!! I was seriously stressing out over what to order. The dessert menu is overwhelmingly filled with delicious, titillating choices. I am a hardcore dessert lover, so I was pretty much is crisis mode deciding what to get. My boyfriend was probably like .... ook...it's just chocolate...Anyway, I should have gone with my gut and gotten the PB Chocolate sundae, but I listened to the waitress' suggestion and got the banana split waffle something or other. And the chocolate chai. While I would definitely order something new next time, the banana waffle was really good! Even my non-sweet tooth boyfriend said it was delicious. The best thing was probably the chocolate biscotti that came with the chocolate chai. It was chewy and almost fudgy, rather than the crunchy I was expecting.And yes, we get it's your restaurant MAX BRENNER. Everything had his name on it -- Max Brenner Dessert Menu, Max Brenner Chocolate Bar, Max Brenner this, Max Brenner that. Thought it was pretty funny.
5	Let me just say, this place is known as Chocolate by the Bald Man, not Food by the Bald Man.  The food was decent, I had a brunch item and it wasn't bad but wasn't great either.  My husband had a burger and didn't care for it as much, but that's not why you're going to Max Brenner. No, you're going here for the chocolate and for the chocolate, five stars is not enough.I am not exaggerating in the least when I say that their toffee hot chocolate was the best thing I've ever had to drink in my life.  This is not your Swiss Miss hot chocolate. This isn't even your Starbucks chocolate. This is pure melted chocolate that tastes like heaven in a mug.  And oh, the mug!  As my (super friendly and awesome) waitress described to me, the mug my hot chocolate came in is known as a "hug mug" which is designed so that as you drink the hot chocolate, you also get the smell of it in every sip.  It's also comforting to be able to wrap your hands around the mug, which has no handles, and feel the warmth while you're drinking it.The experience is pure chocolate bliss. I went home and melted some hershey bars into a mug to try to get the same experience but nope, not even close.  Just go to Max Brenner, drink the chocolate, enjoy beverage nirvana.
5	max brenners chocolate factory?? can i win a golden ticket? how about a chocolate ticket?I love this place. One of my favorites and I was so excited to hear that they were opening one here. I took my mother here for her birthday because she can never get enough chocolate. you could probably put an IV of chocolate in her bloodstream and she wouldn't fight you on it. ever! Everything is good here from the food to the chocolate desserts to the drinks. My mother is not a drinker, but the guy that seated us overheard us singing her happy birthday and brought us all out a berry shot. I wish I knew the name because everyone at my table loved it. (including my non-lush of a mother.) I also shared the satisfaction guaranteed drink with her which she sipped up as it tasted just like hot chocolate. you couldn't even taste the liquor in it. YUM! We shared a peanut butter sundae that everyone went to town on. I highly recommended trying it one evening. My dad and friend shared a chocolate beer trying to give something new a chance. They do not recommend it. Something about it did not catch their fancy, but everything else was super. I am counting down the days until my anniversary later this month, with the boyfriend, so I can take him to experience his first fondue. (i know it will win him over fast!) I took him to a yelp event here last week and max brenner won over his heart with their delicious food (mini pulled pork sliders, philly cheese steak sliders complete with cheesewiz, max brenner cheeseburger sliders, pomegranate cosmos, giant pillow like chocolate chip cookies and brownies, banana split waffles, everything mouth watering.) you can see my previous review on it with CMYE. I also think everyone should try the brunch there on the weekend. if it is anything like the new york one you are in for a treat. it is excellent and you wouldn't even think so since they are known for their desserts.all in all i recommend this place for a birthday treat, for a romantic dinner and dessert, a pit stop for snacks and drinks, well heck i just recommend it for anything because you can get away with anything there and leave a happy, chocostuffed, person.
4	I've visited the store in NY and realized I didn't get to try their hot chocolate.  After a disappointing lunch at Trevi, we walked to Max Brenner's for some dessert and opted for their famous hot chocolate (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=MuutN42Qrw60UIsoR86PsQ).  A thick and rich hot chocolate it was good but a bit too sweet for me.  I only had maybe 1/4 of the cup and already felt jittery from the sugar high.  I also sampled some of their chocolate pecans which was very good, also adding to my sugar high.  A disappointing thing was that I was unable to pick my assortment of chocolates as I had done so in NY.  Apparently they closed this section down since it was holiday season.
4	A place where I would definitely come back too.  My wife is a Yelp Elite member, in which she was invited to attend a Yelp gathering at Max Brenner and wanted me to be her guest.  At first I had my doubts, cause I was suppose to be in bed, due to working the graveyard shift.  But, I promised her I would go, and try out something new.  I'm glad I did.  Max Brenner, located at the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace, is a chocolate filled extravaganza.  Its a good size place to eat, a good place to sit at the bar, or to walk by and get a snack.  It also has a second story, where you can have gatherings of any sort and I believe any size.  Well, according to Jocelyn, the sales & banquet manager, the upstairs gathering place, can fit up to 50, but with the Yelp Elite gathering, it was filled up with about 200 people.  So I'm sure they can probably reserve the place for more then 50 people.  Now, being there, has to be a nice feeling.  Not only for the fact that its a Yelp Elite gathering, but the Staff of Max Brenner made it special.  We had snacks, that were absolutely delicious, and loved the Chocolate Martini.  I felt overwhelmed with one of their waitress, Misti.  She made sure I had something to drink and went out of her way to make sure I had a drink.  Also it was great to meet Jocelyn, who was nice to come around and talk to us.  Despite how busy that night was, I was really impress with the service, the food and how friendly everyone was.  If you're a chocolate lover, then Max Brenner is a place for you to check out.
4	Came here with Candy P and our boys. Her hubby even came and joined us. I made sure to tell the guy in front I was in fact a Yelper who was returning to try some more of the wonderful food I tried @ the chocolate party. It just so happens that guy was the manager. He was quick to get together a nice table for all of us.Since it was Hot Chocolate Day they were giving out teeny tiny samples of hot coco. It would have been nice if they gave you more than a sip..and thats all they were giving out. Kinda lame.But whatever we were there to eat. I ordered pulled pork sliders since I was diggin the slaw on them at the party. There was 2 for the order with a very small side of waffle fries. Everyone else ordered sliders as well. Candy had the Philly and Paul had meatball I think?We also ordered the mac and cheese for the boys to split and us to sample. And wow!! Thats some pretty amazing mac and cheese!My sliders were very good as were the waffle fries. The service was a bit slow. Our waters/sodas were empty several times and we had nothing to drink for awhile. And it was not busy.I would have gave 5 stars but could not due to that.I will of course be back just for chocolate next time...since we did leave pretty full.
5	I can't believe I didn't mention the Chocolate Pizza in my previous review! We ordered it with nutella, bananas, and marshmallows. The works. Hell effin yes. We got chocolate wasted.  The end!
5	My sister in law had her heart set on going to Serendipity but I convinced her to come here instead. I've never been here before but I really wanted to try it! I'm glad we did because the food was scrumptious! I started off with a Mint Hot Chocolate while I waited for The Unforgettable Spicy Tuna Salad Sandwich. The hot chocolate was really rich and full of flavor and there was a perfect balance between the chocolate and the mint. My Spicy Tuna came with tomato, lettuce, pickled jalapenos, crushed BBQ chips with cilantro and avocado mayo. You have to really enjoy spicy food to appreciate the sandwich. This also came with waffle fries that were dusted with chili and cocoa powder. It didn't come with that many fries but the meal was still very filling. The dessert was the big star of the show! My sister in law, cousin and I shared the Classic European Chocolate Fondue . It's supposed to be made for two but this can be easily shared with three people. We chose milk chocolate, white chocolate and caramel for our dipping sauces. The chocolate was really good but my favorite was the caramel. It's the best caramel I've ever tasted! It's not like me to choose caramel over chocolate but it was that good! It came with cookies, marshmallows, strawberries, chocolate cake, and bananas for your dipping pleasure. My favorite was dipping the chocolate chunk cookie in the caramel. I also like that they have a gift shop on the premises because I had a chance to shop for my Secret Santa for work. They put quality chocolate down as one of their wants and I believe they will be more than satisfied. The quality is top notch here!
3	Update... found the receipt...  The Skillet is called a Cande Skillet ($14.95), and the After Party Waffle was $15.50.  I forgot to mention I had hot tea with breakfast.  Shameful their basic tea is Lipton tea, which I can get anywhere.  And then they do "infusions" with 3 or 4 flavors at an additional cost.... but no chocolate tea!Note about the tea, I see that I was charged more than the printed menu price now that I look at my receipt.  I was charged $2.50, and I believe the menu said $1.75.  Well, the presentation of the tea was beautiful.  It is served in a insulated glass on a platter with the most delicious biscotti.
5	Ever since the Yelp event, I had this place in mind for the company holiday luncheon this year. At the last/most recent Yelp elite event at the Republic Kitchen bar, the question I asked most of the people that I met, was if they had gone to the event- and for the most part, the consensus was yes, and they all raved about it (because the food was sooo good). Today, it was a group of eight of us from work. The appetizers we sampled were: chicken, bacon and cheddar rolls, onion rings- both served on long heavy wooden platters, and a cheesy mac casserole- served in a round skillet. We all shared a creamy chocolate milkshake (yeah, it sounds funny, but this way we all got a taste plus we wouldn't ruin our appetites either- our server brought extra glasses and metal straws- never saw that!). The sandwiches range from $12.95 to $14.50- served with waffle fries dusted with chili and cocoa powder, different, huh? Ok, it sounds weird, but it actually worked- it was just enough chili powder (mmm, love spice). The dipping sauce was yummy. Since I went to the yelp elite event which was primarily mini sizes, I didn't know what the standard sandwich size was- so I ordered the Max's sandwich of the seas- seasoned salmon( flavorful), carmelized red onion (so sweet- I love red onions), aioli, tomato and lettuce on a huge bun (I had to ditch the top side; it was just too much bread for me). My coworker sitting next to me, had the Brenner burger but only had half and she took off the onion rings (saved the other half for her husband to enjoy later for dinner). The coworker across from me also had the Brenner burger and said that it was good- but he didn't really eat his fries, so my other coworker ate them; he had the monte cristo sliders served with syrup (cute little things- only two though; but he ate one, and took the other one to his wife- this would be an appetizer size rather than an entree, I'd think), another coworker had the quesadilla, cut in quarters, served on shredded tortilla strips- he finished it and said it was really good, another coworker had the philly paninis (four petite things- I had them at the yelp event so I know that the beef is super tender- probably one of the best things I had at the yelp event), another coworker had the Best Balt- bacon, avocado, lettuce, tomato, cilantro-avocado mayo (I glanced at hers- there was a lot of avocado- I love avocado). We all had non-alcoholic drinks. The bill was a little over $216. Half of our party was sitting on the booth part and the other half were sitting on chairs (they had to put tables together- the wrought iron bottoms were kind of awkward; had to rest my feet on top of them, or risk getting my feet crushed!)- we were in the front of the restaurant, facing the store part and kitty corner from the hostess out front. Our heads (the ones at the booth part) were near the stacked humongous blocks of chocolate ($250 each!). Our server was so good about tending to us and really was attentive, bringing us refills, extra napkins and clean silverware. The other servers were attentive as well, taking away all the dirty plates and serving dishes. It was pretty busy in the restaurant- the whole shopping center was buzzing with shoppers/tourists. (FYI: Taking the back way- Frank Sinatra- is a breeze.) The bathroom is located upstairs. In addition to the chocolate store inside the restaurant, there is a to-go bar outside (chocolate pizza slices sold here), facing the foot traffic inside the shopping center.
5	You can find some of the most amazing and smooth chocolates here. If you're in Vegas, make sure you stop by! The truffles are freaking awesome! Make sure you pick up a few boxes of the chocolate coated pecans and hazelnuts.... I'll stop writing this review cuz I'm drooling already.
5	Italian dark hot chocolate = super amazing/ best hot chocolate EVER. Must go :) There are also a couple of locations in NYC - LES and Union Sq. ENJOY!!!
4	LOVE their italian hot chocolate..  It's super rich and exquisite..  Downside, the cup was like the size of a shot and cost $5..  If you're a chocolate connoisseur tho, it's worth it..  The red velvet cupcakes were ehh..
4	So I was hesitant to go to this place for dessert.  We went to Bellagio's buffet hours earlier so I was reluctant to eat more.However, I was happy we did.  I was told about this place by a friend of mine, so we went.  The place looked amazing.  It seriously felt like Willy Wonka's factory for adults.  Chocolate everywhere, a very dark and brown ambiance.  It worked.We only went for dessert so we ordered popular items that we heard about here on Yelp.  Let me breakdown we got:+The Works pizza... Surprisingly good.  It tastes much better than it looks.  I was worried at first when I felt a soft crust but it was perfect.  For about $17 it was a great price.+Dark chocolate cookie... for $10 it was surprisingly worth it.  It was seriously the best cookie I've had in my life.  Hands down.  SO GOOD.  If you come here, don't go cheap, get it!+Hot chocolate... I got milk chocolate and it was bombbbb!  My buddies got some spiced one and we didn't really enjoy that.  The hug mug was really cool-Chocolate syringe... pure chocolate, in a syringe.  Didn't think it was worth it, but it was fun to have haha...Price is high but you get what you pay for.  Service was EXCELLENT!  I'm sorry I forgot the name of our server, but she was amazing.  Will be going back again.
4	I made a reservation here with Open Table and was seated instantly even though we were about 30 minutes early. The food and service was excellent. I ordered a burger with their special chili-chocolate fries, and those fries might've been the best I've ever had. I've been fantasizing about them since...Sadly, my family and I were too full to indulge in one of Max Brenner's famous chocolate desserts. I'm still sad about that. But, when in Rome...SO we ended up ordering the banana fondue, which was good, though I'm not a huge fan of banana. Delicious nonetheless. I hope to go to a nearby Max Brenner's again soon so that I can indulge in the desserts this time...and have more waffle fries of course!
5	I'm dreaming of a white chocolate Christmas. With every chocolate I biteMy day is merry and brightand may all my Christmases be white (chocolate).So on a rare special occasion I can convince the BF to come to the strip. On Christmas I was able to convince the whole family to come for dessert. I got the Mexican spicy hot chocolate ($5.25). This was a must because of the virgin spicy choco drink I had at the CMYE event. This was milder in spice, but it was delicious. It was rich with a hint of nutmeg coming in and then the spiciness comes on the back end after you drank the warm drink down. Wasn't too sweet, just perfect. Lovely. Good Ol Days Chocolate Milk ($6.50) BF got it with White Chocolate. If you've ever had the Horizon Vanilla Milk, it's kinda like that but richer, sweeter and deeper. We're big fans of that little tetra pack and this is it's big sister Alice. It goes well with a lot of the desserts since the milkshakes are rather rich to be drinking.Grandma got a Latte ($3.95) and thoroughly enjoyed it. She wanted plain coffee but it was the servers recommendation that it's tons better to get the latte. Shared: Crystal Sugar Churros Fondue ($11.25) You choose 2 chocolates so we got white and milk chocolate and it comes with raspberry puree. The consensus was that the white chocolate was the best with the churros. I loved the combo of chocolate and raspberry on one bite, not separate dips. Then when the churros were gone, I was guilty of using my spoon and eating the chocolate dip. Cacao makes me high by the way so you get why I started spooning it. Can't waste a good natural high....or fine chocolate. Server was very friendly and nice. I like that since we did have grandma in the wheelchair they brought us to the second floor. It was packed downstairs and it's much quieter upstairs. I hear tourist trap thrown around for this spot, whatever- I'll gladly do the tourist role to envelope me with some choco goodness. If this wasn't quality then it would be a trap. This has slowly become one of my favorite places in Vegas for a treat.  If my tourist friends are dragging me to do stupid things on the strip and see sites I've seen 1000x times before, it'll be worth  if they bring me to Max Brenner and buy me a dessert and a drink or buy me some haute clothes.
3	I waiver on how exactly to rate this return experience. Service was 1 star, entrees were 2 to 3 stars, and dessert was 5 stars. I think what we have concluded from this return experience is that the manager is awesome and it's best to stick to menu items containing chocolate (I really should've ordered that amazing crepe again).I suppose as to be reasonably expected, the place was packed. I must say that some of the tables are quite close together. The person sitting at the table behind me was constantly knocking into me throughout the course of our dining.Our server was...odd? I can't quite find the right word. It was the weirdest, and worst, serving experience I think I've ever had. So here's the somewhat play-by-play:- We sit for while. Server comes over, says nothing, and sets down napkins. - We sit there again for awhile. Server comes over and takes our drink and appetizer order, quickly picking up the menus and swiftly departing before we can finish ordering. Uh... - Server returns, says nothing, sets down forks, and quickly leaves again before we can say anything.- Server brings waters and apologizes for the drink wait saying it wasn't his fault (never thought that it was his fault). We then manage to capture his attention and place our entree order.- Wings arrive, but we have no plates or knives (yes, some of us are strange enough to want to eat wings with a knife and fork). But thankfully, the server eventually comes by to ask how everything is and we are able to ask for the knives and forks.- Drinks arrive, but he gives none of us straws (which ok, may not be totally necessary, but is customary for things like ice tea - and we wanted straws).- Server comes over and snatches the plate from in front of me (reaching across the table to do so), never saying a word (ok, yes, I was now done and all the other plates were already cleared, but it was really awkward and weird).- Entrees arrive (not delivered by our server). Server never comes over to check on how things are. We take our time eating - server never makes another appearance.- Manager comes over and asks how everything is (after we are almost all finished eating). He is very nice and insists that we tell him the truth about how everything was (maybe our exchanged glances gave us away when he didn't buy the whole "everything's fine"). My husband filled him in on some of the basics and he sincerely apologized and said dessert was on him.- We are asked if we want anything else to drink (by someone else, not our server). We all order re-fills finally.- Manager comes back and takes our dessert order.- Server comes by to ask if we are all set (our check in his hand). When my husband says that we are still picking at it (but otherwise all done), the server snatches the check back and speeds off. Uh...- Eventually, the server brings the check back and we pay.The food was a-ok. Perhaps we just ordered the wrong things? Or perhaps it was just that almost everything was over-cooked?The excellent:- The wings were divine. Absolutely divine! Definitely 5 stars for the wings. Perfect size and meatiness. The sauce was amazing! It was a BBQ-type sauce, but with a slightly spicy kick and hints of orange (and everything had a very light dusting of chocolate). And the dipping sauce was fantastic. It was blue cheese with something I can't quite pinpoint added to it. So so yummy!The good:- The home fries that came with my omelet were quite delicious. Perfect amount of crispy on the outside and perfect seasoning. And the diced peppers added a nice kick and sweetness to them.The a-ok:- The hangover omelet was good. The fillings and cheese were very generous which I appreciated. The flavors were good. It just wasn't anything particularly notable. And it was a little over-cooked.- Pretty much ditto on the breakfast skillet my dad ordered.The so-so:- The burger looked so insanely delicious, but it was well-done instead of the medium my husband had ordered. Now, of course, this didn't stop him from eating all of it. But then again, it's not like our server came over to ask how it was. (We were pleasantly surprised when the check arrived and the burger was taken off.)- The waffle fries were ok. Good crispiness, but the dusting of chocolate and chile powder didn't actually seem to add any flavor to them. Not as good and exciting as we anticipated.The "can't barely eat this":- My mom claimed the Belgian waffle was barely edible. She did not like how dense it was and felt it was over-cooked.Now, the desserts, of course, were divine. The chocolate fondue was delicious and fun. The chocolate truffle heart cake was amazingly decadent. And all of the presentations were amazing and perfect.In conclusion, we will definitely be here again, but I hope we have a different server and we'll be sticking to the chocolate-based menu items (and, of course, the wings!). And big props to the manager - he kinda saved our experience this time
5	After eating here twice and receiving similarly great service and food both time I'm confident in handing out a five star rating here. Its surprising to see people complaining about service on here, but I guess it can really depend on the waiter/waitress. That being said, we had two different servers (about a month apart), and both had great knowledge of the menu, awesome explanations of the food and were more than accommodating towards our special requests.Let me just lay this out there for you. Max Brenner owns the crown in my book for the best Veggie Burger I've ever had. Its so good it makes me think I could give up eating meat. And then I tried their Wings.  Oh their wings...dry rubbed, awesome smoky sauce and a great in house bleu cheese. These things are killer.Second time in, we had the BALT and Spicy Tuna Salad Sandwich. Both very good, but neither on the level of our first meal.  If you loving Avocado, you will have never had more on a sandwich than you'll get with the BALT. So much, its almost a challenge to eat. The Spicy Tuna Salad was good, just not spicy enough for my tastes.The second time we also gave the Loaded Dessert Pizza a shot. A half pizza is about the size of a half a frozen pizza and has four slices. The pizza itself, eh...It just seems like the pizza part is treated as just the vehicle for the chocolate and goodies which makes it the most underwhelming part of the dish. That being said, anything from this place with chocolate is fine by my book (and the chocolate more than makes up for the lackluster crust).All in all, great service, a manageable yet strong menu...and some of the best chocolate I've ever had!
4	After shopping at the incredibly packed Forum Shops, we needed to refuel and hit up Max Brenner. I knew my mom would love it here because she is a total chocoholic! My mom, grandma and I shared the tasting plate, which is loaded with all different types of chocolate goodies. I knew we were in trouble when the waiter came by and started pushing our glasses and utensils out of the way to clear room for the plate! It ended up being 2 plates, the first with mini cake bites, egg roll, waffles, chocolate bark, and wafer balls and the second with fondue including a burner for toasting marshmallows. And all of this was supposedly for 2 people!!My favorite of the bunch had to be the banana split waffle. The waffle was so crisp and the bananas were perfectly caramelized. The egg roll was also interesting because it tasted Chinese-y... I think it had 5 spice powder in it? Of course, I had to order a glass of milk and it came in the absolute cutest cup ever with a straw holder. And how convenient that they sold these cups in the shop because you know I had to get one.I was surprised by how many people were eating the "regular" food here. I'm curious to try some of their non-dessert dishes, but the desserts are definitely the star. Service was also excellent and we had a very friendly and knowledgeable server. I will definitely be back when I need a sugar fix!
4	If you love desserts, then this is definitely the place for you. Real food...uh not so great, but desserts. Wow. Delicious! But first, real food, right? We ordered tomato pizza, some kind of pulled pork sliders, and philly cheesesteak sliders. The sliders were tasty, but the pulled pork slider was especially tasty. Our server said it was his favorite and he was definitely correct. The cheesesteak was just okay in comparison, but still good. The pizza was not good, at all. We had to send it back because it was soggy. The cheese tasted like rubber, the dough was wet, and we couldn't even pick it up with our hands, or even a fork and knife! Instead of the pizza, we ordered some other kind of slider with ham, turkey, and maple syrup. It was actually quite good. Now the desserts and other sweet things! The eighties milk shake was A-mazing. The icy chocolate drink part and the scoop of vanilla ice cream were perfect together. The chocolate shell on top was a tasty touch. We loved the glass it was served in so much that we went over to their store and bought not only chocolate, but also mugs, and glasses! Their Italian hot chocolate was decadent. It's a little thicker than normal hot chocolate, and definitely a hundred times better!  For dessert we had the sharing for two and the milk chocolate apple caramel crisp. The milk chocolate apple wasn't my favorite combination. It was just okay. I wouldn't order it again. The sampler was delicious. It came with a banana split waffle, chocolate cake, chocolate egg roll, chocolate crispy bar things, chocolate crispy balls, chocolate sauce, fruit and marshmallows, and a chocolate fondue. If I could, I would eat the waffle for breakfast! It was yummy! The chocolate cake was just okay. The egg roll was my least favorite. It was also the only thing left on the place when we left. The chocolate bars were probably my favorite thing there. Imagine a kit kat but waaayyy better. The crispy ball things tasted like chocolate covered cheerios, not my favorite thing on the plate. The chocolate fondue was yummy! We could roast the marshmallows then dip it in the chocolate, but I ended up just eating the chocolate with a spoon! It was delicious!Overall, I think you should just skip the main meal part, and just go straight to dessert. Why order real food at a chocolate place? The sampler was delicious, and I would definitely recommend it if you want to try several desserts, but I think it serves way more that two; maybe three people? The eighties milk shake is a must. You have to try it! And, you have to check out their shop! We bought a ton of stuff!
5	Dear Max Brenner,I chose you to be my place as my 21st birthday in Vegas.I trust your quesadilla, pasta, and fondue.I'm writing this message just to let you know how grateful I am to make such a great decision.Your service is excellent and my to-go chocolate pizza is far above from what I expected to be good!Thank you!!!!I am willing to go back to Vegas just to get to your place again.Sincerely,YOUR NEW FAN
4	I think anything dedicated to the consumption of good chocolate is a wonderful idea. I saw the melting chocolate truffle cake and knew I had to have it. Unfortunately, it wasn't really a lava cake as I had hoped. More just a slightly (and I mean slightly) under baked cake with a dollop of caramel inside. I still really enjoyed the presentation and the rest of the plate. They made up for the lack of liquid in the cake with a shaker of chocolate ganache to pour over the cake. Mmmm, melted chocolate :). The ice cream was delicious and a nice accompaniment. My absolute favorite part, though, was the milk chocolate shot. My goodness that was good!!!  Mmmm.  I also really loved that this location was soooo much more relaxed than the madhouse that is the NYC location. We were able to sit and relax and enjoy our chocolate without a million other people mulling around. They were also giving samples of cocoa pecans in the shop which were delightful!
3	I went to Max Brenner on Christmas Eve after reading about this restaurant on Yelp and being instantly intrigued. I had come by the day before to buy cookies from the stand outside of the restaurant. The cookies (chocolate chip with nuts) are amazing! They are pricey at $5 each but they are large and heavy! I was shocked at how big they were. So we decided to come back the next night for dessert before going out to have drinks.We got the fondue for two which was, I believe $21.95. With the fondue we got strawberries, bananas, marshmallows and what looked like store bought brownies, caramel and two types of chocoloate (we got milk and white). The fondue flame was a bit out of control! It was sparking a lot and actually made me a bit nervous that something would catch on fire. I was even more nervous after our server told us that a previous diner's Louis Vuitton bag caught fire a bit after a spark landed on a napkin then landed on her bag! I was like "Umm, you can take it away now!". Although I laugh/laughed about it, it could be dangerous though so you definetly need to pay attention. I felt that the fondue overall was kinda of basic and not that elaborate or special. It's easy to just cut up some fruit, get a few marshamllows and some Little Debbie brownies and put them in a bowl and melt some chocolate. I was expecting it to be a little more elaborate or to have a wow-factor. The overall experience of eating fondue and laughing about the out on control flame was fun and that did over-ride the lackluster service and fondue.I would probably only go back for the cookies.
4	We were so happy that they opened a Max Brenner on the West Coast.  We've been to one of the NY locations and are totally a fan.  I would have given this place 5 stars if I were just judging them on their desserts and sweets however we ate here 3 times on our trip to Vegas and the last visit we actually ate lunch here.  I think the food itself isn't anything special.  We both had sandwiches, shared the chicken wings appetizer, and choco-pops.  The sandwiches aren't anything special and neither were the wings.  However on the other 2 out of 3 visits we did sample their desserts and they were damn good.  The hazelnut cream crepe, milk shakes and our loved Choco-Pops were amazing!  We also did a sharing dessert plate tasting and it was good though it was WAY too much for 2 people.  We prefer this place over Serendipity.
4	I WANNA GET CHOCOLATE WASTED!!!So, would you want to?Max Brenner will damn-right get you wasted, that is, chocolate wasted ;DSuch ah delightful chocolate aroma that touches your tongue as if you can already taste the sweetness and flavor of Max Brenner's signature milk chocolate once you step into the restaurant...You must compliment the smell of the place with a cup of hot chocolate:_Milk Chocolate - cocoa origin [Venezuela] My 1st choice_White Chocolate- cocoa origin [Trinidad] My 2nd ChoiceThen get your appetite on: [share please]_Creamy spinach & artichoke fondue_Deep bleu Cobb salad[Silders] Only on Weekdays (boooo)_Mini burger, BBQ pulled pork, Philly steak, etc (best food to order then what's on the menu to tell you the truth) Not yet full until you get your grub on: [going solo]_The best B.A.L.T (I agree, dripping with a guacamole spread)_Grilled chicken panini (must love goat cheese)_Chubby smoked turkey club (simply a turkey cold sandwich)And finally its Chocolate Wasted Time!:_Chocolate chunks pizza (choice of crunchy hazelnut bits, bananas, peanut butter or roasted marshmallows) _[The Works] Everything on the pizza that is listed right above (BUT, I'm not a fan of the overly layered roasted marshmallows on top of the pizza)  _Crystal sugar churros fondue (6 pieces, with milk chocolate, caramel, & raspberry dipping sauce)Service: [3-4 stars]Just hope you get a server who can give good recommendations on the food they serve, unless you already know what you want, then you should be fine.Twice have i already experienced two servers who aren't knowledgeable of the menu to recommend something worth trying besides the plenty of desserts that they serve. And based on their answers, I can almost say that this place is better off pleasing customers with a sweet tooth.NOTE: this review is based on what I have tried, so get chocolate wasted on your own choices ;)
4	One of the best places in the world for dessert.  if you love chocolate then this is the place for you.  the prices are very reasonable when you consider the quality and quantity of chocolate that is presented to you.  The chocoholics of the world will cry when they see how much fine chocolate is wasted because they give you so darn much with some of the desserts!!!I would highly recommend this as one of your stops.Oh, and our service was top notch.
5	How unfair is it that when I finally find my go-to dessert spot, it has to be in another state?!Last week, I forced group to go to Max Brenner for some dessert.  Located conveniently inside the forum shops in Caesar's Palace, we didn't have to trudge through the icy Vegas weather outside.At around 7 pm, we were seated immediately on the upper floor.  Crowds were minimal and noise was minimal here.  Ahhh...more peace and quiet to sink my teeth into my dessert.  After combing through the dessert menu from front to back, then back to front, we finally decided on the Banana split waffle ($13.95).The presentation of the dessert plate was awesome!  When it was placed in front of me, my eyes lit up.  "IS THIS ALL FOR ME??? YAYYY!!!" The waffle was crispy and warm and the bananas were crispy after being caramelized.  The vanilla ice cream paired SOO well with the warm waffle and extra chocolate was set aside in a container that looked like a beaker.  Crispy coated chocolate pieces were also on the side too.  The dessert was absolutely delicious from beginning to end.  If there weren't other people around, I think I would have licked the plate in the end.Service here was also great and efficient.  Our server gave us great recommendations and refilled our drinks regularly.  They must have put something in the banana split waffles because I'm craving a dessert fix already!  If you come to Vegas, you have to at LEAST come to Max Brenner to jolt your taste buds back to life.  You won't regret it, cause I told you so! :)
4	Appetizers are pretty good and dessert are off the charts.   The only reason I can't give it 5 stars is their entrees are not very good and I've tried about 5 different ones now.   However, you dont go there to eat lunch or dinner.  You go there to indulge and the desserts are insane.
1	It took 30 minutes to get a water; I didn't even notice if I enjoyed the food I ate because I was so pissed at the crappy service.  It smelled great, but I can enjoy that smell by walking by and avoid the headache.
3	Max Brenner is known for sweet offerings, so I had this preconception about the savory dishes being less than satisfactory.  Fortunately, I was proven wrong.  The mushroom and steak quesadilla was surprisingly good.  Nice crispy crust with quality ingredients packed inside.  The hazelnut chocolate shake was wonderful.  "The works" chocolate pizza had good chocolaty taste without being too rich.  The marshmallow on top provided good mouth feel.
4	Yes Max is known for all the amazing chocolate dishes but the Turkey Burger is to die for.
5	You want CHOCOLATE?You can't handle this chocolate.My taste buds will never be ready for this place and my stomach feels terrible... terribly satisfied. You can even smell a waft of cocoa powder while walking up the stairs towards the 2nd floor. Everything on the dessert menu is fabulous- I tried the max sandwich (the ultimate chocolate ice cream sandwich), the banana crepe (crepe filled with dark chocolate and bananas, topped off with caramel ice cream), and the hazelnut shake. My favorite item though is the crepe. MmmM... Sensory overload.
5	You will never encounter better chocolate. It's as simple as that.I made reservations for two for January 8th, 2011 at 3pm, which is Brunch. I made these reservations as a Christmas gift to my mother who is the ULTIMATE chocolate aficionado. We arrived at 2:30 without even having realized we were a half an hour early, and they still instantly seated us. I researched this restaurant quite a bit before deciding to go there, even though I have friends in New York who rave about this place. I was worried about it being really cramped, loud, busy, and too upscale or snobby for my taste. It definitely wasn't. Every single employee was abundantly friendly and helpful. The setup in the restaurant was very adorable and decently spaced. My only complaints would be that the table we sat at was a bit tiny and wobbly, as well as the chair wasn't all that comfortable. Our waiter was a younger man who was very witty and helpful and didn't complain when we gave asked him "which is better?" about several dishes. For starters, my mother and I both ended up ordering the Eighties Milkshake ($8) as our primary beverage and were also brought glasses of ice water. It's served in a tall freezing porcelain glass with a steel straw, which is brilliant. The Eighties Milkshake is a combination of milk chocolate ganache and  vanilla bourbon ice cream which is topped with a chocolate 'shell'. This milkshake is HEAVEN. You immediately taste the bourbon in the icecream and how creamy and delectable it is. If you take a drink and bite off a piece of the shell, you enter an alternate universe of tastyness. No milkshake tops how simple but amazing this one is. I can't wait to go back and have another one.For brunch I ordered the B.A.L.T. ($14) which is a Bacon, Lettuce, and Tomato sandwich with avocado slices and a cilantro-avocado mayonnaise. I ordered it with pepper jack cheese (+$1). This sandwich was to die for. It's served on white bread with the crusts cut off and is skewered. It is mindblowing. The bacon was perfectly cooked, the sandwich was perfectly put together, and it tasted fabulous. I was worried that because it's a somewhat fancy restaurant that the portions would be small and that I wouldn't get enough bang for my buck, but I was wrong. There's two skewered stacks of the sandwich (one on each side of the dish), with two pickle spears in the center, and a small bowl of about 5 waffle fries with the dipping sauce. The waffle fries are incredible, though I wish there were more. They're perfectly crispy and dusted with cocoa powder and chili powder to give a very mild accent and a very mild kick. The dipping sauce is sensational and definitely has a punch to it. It tastes like a horseradish-tangy-southwestern sauce with a bit of chili powder on top. It compliments the waffle fries very well.My mother ordered the Grilled Chicken Panini ($14) and it was exquisite. The Grilled Chicken Panini is a panini with grilled chicken, olive pesto, tomato, spinach, and goat cheese. The chicken was cooked beautifully, the bread was exceptional, the olive pesto gave the panini the perfect amount of saltiness and earthyness, the spinach and the tomato were excellent additions, and the goat cheese completely brought it all together. For our much awaited dessert, we ordered the "Sharing For Two" ($25) off the Sweet Icons dessert menu. This dish comes with a few squares of chocolate sponge cake which are melt-in-your-mouth perfect, a crispy chocolate eggroll that is stuffed with fudge and bananas and drizzled with caramel, and two bars of "bark" (milk chocolate and white chocolate) which are a crunchy bar made of what I'm guessing is rice krispy and chocolate. The dish also features 1/4th of a waffle topped with icecream, carmelized bananas, and rice krispy crumble. Last but not least, the Sharing comes with a fondue set; complete with a fire grill, candle-warmed liquid chocolate fondue of your choice (milk, dark, or white), and a bowl of bananas, marshmallows, and strawberries. Oh and did I mention that your entire dish is garnished with the perfect amount of powdered sugar? You can't go wrong with this dessert. It's everything that a dessert should be. Max Brenner's has instantly become one of my favourite places to dine and I will surely be going back time and time again.
3	I had higher expectations for this place since they have so many restaurants.  I came here for Sunday brunch today and I made a reservation, but it wasn't crowded.  I knew the food was going to be heavy, but it was way too heavy for me, even though I consider myself to have a considerable sweet tooth and grew up eating Southern breakfasts.  I ordered the banana split waffles that had bananas and carmelized rice krispies on it.  The bananas and rice krispies were delicious, but the waffle had the consistency of a donut.  The whipped cream was below the waffle, so it had already been absorbed into the waffle when I received it.  I was very disappointed that the waffle already had syrup on it, so it was super sweet.  I've never had waffles where they added the syrup already for you, so it was quite a surprise.  Thankfully the chocolate ganache came on the side.I did really enjoy my chocolate chai, and if it wasn't for my Groupon I probably would have rated it lower.  I think this place is much better suited as a dessert place instead of brunch, and sharing desserts would probably be the best because it is super sweet!
4	I was walking pass by while I was shopping at Caesars palace and chocolate pizza had caught my eyes :)So I was at to go counter to pick up some delicious looking chocolate pizza. Only 1 customer in front of me and the service extremely slow. I can't help but noticed the young gentlemen took 4 minutes to ring up, at the to go counter had 2 clerks but I have no idea why others one not calling me even though I tried to look at her.But overall, I am still happy with Chocolate Pizza!!! It was so so yummy.
4	If you like choclate this place is a must. I went for breakfast and had a cup of Hot Chocalate with soy. It was so good I had to get a second cup. I also had an omelete which was good. The service was very friendly.
5	ABSOLUTELY the BEST dessert I've ever eaten in my entire life....The fiance and I came here on a whim after seeing pictures of Max Brenner in the free hotel room magazine at Paris. Our dinner date coincided with filming for the Food Network show "Kid in a Candy Store," so not only did we get to indulge in scrumptious sweets, we also were filmed for the show while eating it  :-DI HIGHLY recommend the Banana Split Waffle...imagine this: a delectably perfect belgian waffle + creamy vanilla bourbon ice cream + carmelized bananas + crunchy chocolate rice krispy balls + a mini jar of Max Brenner's famous melted chocolate (for dipping) -- TIP: You MUST ask for a side of the peanut butter sauce, it is seriously delicious and goes great with the waffle. I am salivating just thinking about this. We came back a second night in a row JUST to have this same dessert again. We also tried: Peanut Butter Chocolate Fudge Sundae: bananas, rich chocolate and dulce du leche ice cream, peanut butter sauce, whipped cream, nuts...seriously, how can you go wrong? You get your money's worth with this sundae, too. It is ginormous. PLENTY of dessert for two. Meaty, Crispy, Cheesy Pizza: It is as the title suggests. We ordered this because we felt like we should put a little "real" food in our tummies before stuffing our faces with chocolate. Toffee Hot Chocolate: Oh-so-creamy and yummy. You just want to keep your hands wrapped around that warm little Hug Mug forever.
4	The Bald Man rules!  I really enjoyed the criss cut fries dusted in cocoa and chile powder with the dipping aioli, the monte cristo sliders, and my orange smoothie.  The choc malted balls were really good to, albeit expensive.
4	This is the story of how we saved $12 with a Groupon. The story starts late one night online. Groupon had a $12 for $24 deal so the purchase was made with the idea that LA is only a few hours from Vegas and we'll be out there in the six-months before the Groupon expires. Well time did what time does and the expiration date was fast up on us so a trip to Vegas was planned. Another couple was found to join us on the adventure and we made our plans to stop by the outlets to shop and then go here for dinner. So pretty much we drove to Vegas for dinner just to save $12. Doesn't make a ton os sense but it turned out to be a really fun day that was highlighted by some tasty grub and chocolate.So we drove all the way from LA to Vegas for dinner, that's a lot of pressure but Max Brenner lived up to the hype we had built up for it. The Unforgettable Spicy Tuna Salad Sandwich is actually unforgettable mostly because they put crushed up bbq chip in the sandwich which is something I've done after a night of drinking but never thought I'd see it in a restaurant. The Waffle fries that come with it are dusted with cocoa but I just didn't get any of that flavor. Maybe my taste buds had been over worked by the jalapenos from the sandwich. Next time I want to try the turkey burger, i hear it's bugerlicious. The little lady does this disgusting thing where she will order a pasta with alfredo sauce and not only ask for extra but ask for extra extra and she usually has to ask for more. i swear she should weigh 400lbs and no longer be a little lady. She of course asked for this when she ordered and I was amazed that when it came out she didn't have to ask for another side of alfredo sauce. The friends that were with us also ordered a pasta dish so there was some making a comparison between extra sauce and normal person sauce was easy. They didn't drown the pasta in alfredo but there was a little extra. I think it's because they have good hearty sauces and you don't need to drown pasta in it to get the goodness.We were all pretty full after dinner so we decided to share a dessert. Even though we wanted to try so many of the sweets they have we figured sharing the Crystal Sugar Churro Fondue would be the easiest to share. We all agreed that we could have done without the muddled raspberries but really enjoyed the chocolate and caramel sauces. Don't judge us but after the churros were gone we might have dipped a knife in the sauces. fat kids at heart I tell ya, fat kids at heart.
4	I'm so glad they opened up a location in Vegas! The moment you walk into the restaurant you are hypnotized by the magical aroma of sweet decadent chocolate! :) It was my first time ever and I know I will definitely be back again. I had the: - Sloppy Max Sliders which were a real treat! Perfect pulled pork deliciousness!- Chocolate Chai Hot Chocolate which was perfect to the T! Light, creamy and full of so much flavor! The chai gave the hot chocolate a hint of cinnamon spice which was lovely!- FONDUE: Crispy Chocolate Eggroll with banana chocolate filling, creamy milk chocolate dip and sea salt caramel sauce!- Chocolate chunks pizza with bananas and hazelnut which was soooo good! Excellent crust and a good amount of ingredients!Of course I shared all of these goodies with my friends but by the end of the meal I was completely chocolate wasted and satisfied! Check it out -- I highly recommend this place for those with or without a sweet tooth! There's something delightful for everyone! I plan on going back again the next time I'm in Vegas or New York or wherever else they have a Max Brenner -- i'm there! :)
4	We had the corn croquet's for an appetizer, it was four quarter size morsel's of goodness. The croquet's could have been bigger , after all it's corn cakes not crab cakes. I had the steak sandwich on ciabbatta with carmelized onions, steak was sliced thin and had a decent amount . The bread was crisp and chewy . It also came with waffle cut fries dusted w/ cocoa and chili powder, the fries had a light crisp on the outside and a fluffy texture on the inside, reminded me of chic a filet waffle fries, which is a good thing.           For the main course we had the chocolate sampler for two( waffle banana split, brownies, choco fondue( strawberries , marshmellow and bananas ) to dipand a  couple pieces of cookies.  The dinner menu is pretty small , but i guess the main attraction here is dessert.  The wife already knows what dessert she wants the next time.  Overall a great experience even though the dinner selections are limited they do it right.
4	This place is awesome, if you love chocolate this is the place for you to go. On top of that, their regular food is actually quite good and both all of their chocolate and non-chocolate foods are good. The only complaint is that their tables are too damn small to use. They're just annoyingly small, that's the only thing this place needs to change. Their breakfast and teas/coffees/hotchocolates are to be had with every meal, regardless of time of day.
5	Chocolate to the Max!  Max Brenner that is.   Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.  It was just that good.  Seriously, my experience here blew my mind.Made a reservation via Open Table after leaving a filling but highly unsatisfying dinner.  The mood was chocolate and lots of it.  We were seated quickly at an isolated table near the back (and near the servers computer station).  We could easily see the pipes of chocolate that his restaurant in NYC is known for, and our table was large enough to accommodate the extra person who unsurprisingly arrived a bit later.Since we came just for dessert, I'll comment only on that.  The menu is fairly large, there's plenty to pick from and everyone had a hard time deciding; but all were able to pick something that met their tastes.  I had the deep fudge chocolate cake and shake dish - in addition to being highly adorable when it arrived: the shake was in a shot glass, the cake was warm, ice cream was in a separate dish, and the fudge came in a container of its own; it was delicious to boot.  I was unable to finish the whole thing, but we could attribute that to my eating off the plates of others and the large dinner beforehand.  I wanted to take it home, but as I was traveling, it wasn't an option.  Let me go back to the ice cream.  This ice cream was maybe the best vanilla based ice creamThe Maxwich was awesome.  After ordering (two of them were ordered at the table), the chef that night came over to our table to apologize and ask if she could substitute other cookies in - the answer was an easy yes, but then she returned a few minutes later with cookies in hand.  She'd taken them out of a different case where they were being sold just for the making of the Maxwich.  Phew.  The dessert came as intended and was an ice cream cookie sandwich of oooh-y (and aaaaaah-y)goodness. Tasted a crepe (also good, but bananas aren't my thing, so I had a small bite) and had a sip of a hazelnut drink which was in their own Alice and Wonderland inspired cup.Waitress was friendly, and fast with waters, the food and the bill!Prices a bit high, but DEFINITELY worth it.A bit inwards once you're in the Caesars shopping area; so give yourself enough time to get there if your reservation time is important.  Chocolate is calling me.  I'll be back.
4	I got my water refilled over 5+ times, lol. Yes, I was thirsty =P. Service was awesome & the food was of good portion and delicious! It's a bit dim though. Try out their regular pizza, sandwich and crepes. I got a turkey & spinach crepe w/ a couple of waffle cut fries & a honey-mustard-like sauce. The dessert pizza was awesome! We decided to sub the peanut butter for nutella (you should try it!). So fattening & good, lol. It's kewl that there's chocolate being churned (or __insert__ other verb) and pumped around the place.
5	The Italian Creme Hot Chocolate is amazing. Everything I had there is yummy and the staff is so much fun to talk to. My man and I hung out at the bar one night after work and had a wonderful conversation with Alfonzo the bartender. He directed us to the most yummy desserts (the fondue with churros and the giant chocolate chip cookie with the chocolate ganache). I brought my sister and kids back a few nights later for a much needed family dinner and Amy waited on us. She was awesome and was very kind to my 3 and 2 year old kids. I had a burger, the white corn croquettes, raspberry martini with white chocolate, banana tempura fondue and hot chocolate of course (yes...I was going for broke on the calorie meter). My kids got a kick out of the mac n cheese with the syringe of marinara sauce and had a blast tearing up the messy sundae for two (it even came with spatulas instead of spoons...how cool is that!). My only small wish is that they would have a place where you can hose them down when they are finished.  Of course we said hi to Alfonzo and he remembered me (I was impressed because he meets tons of people). Needless to say I LA LA LA LOVE Max Brenner for all my chocolate needs and tell all my friends about it. Its a fun and different family meal or date night. Will be back many many many many times.
5	Yum, yum, yum!  I finally made it back here since the CMYE and it's great!  The drinks were great at the CMYE so we had to try more of them.  My husband had the Dreamsicle ($11.95) and it is excellent.  It tastes just like an alcoholic creamsicle.  It's made with vanilla vodka, Grand Marnier, OJ, and vanilla sauce.  I would try to replicate this at home but I have no clue what vanilla sauce is.I had the Psychedelic Punch ($11.95) which is rum, triple sec, and a secret exotic juice blend.  Ooooo, secret!  Very tasty and it comes with a side of Chambord and grenadine in a little bottle.  For those who attended the CMYE, it's the same little bottles they served the milk in (no mas leche, Paolo and Allan!).  I'm not quite sure why it's on the side, and it definitely was not one of the ingredients listed for the drink on the menu.  I just poured it all in and drank it down.For food, we had the B.A.L.T. ($14.50) and the blackened skirt steak and mushroom quesadilla ($14.95).  Both were very, very good.  I agree with Misti on the B.A.L.T. - there's gotta be a whole avocado in there.  The waffle fries that come with the B.A.L.T. are to die for!  Just like Chick-fil-a, but crispy and spicy.  The menu says there is cocoa powder on the fries - I couldn't taste it at all and I don't think I would want to, either.  The only bummer is that they only give you a few waffle fries - like 6 or 7 - with the sandwich.  The quesadilla has a good spice to it and comes with some extra sauce, once again in the little milk bottles.  The sauce was a little difficult to get out of the tiny milk bottle and almost fell off the plate when the waitress cleared the table.  Those little milk bottles must break all the time.For dessert, we tried the banana split waffle ($13.95).  This is also very good.  It comes with chocolate krispies (my fav), chocolate ganache, and caramel.  There is supposed to be a vanilla bourbon ice cream on top, but I didn't taste any bourbon.  The waffle is very crispy and yummy.We also shared a peanut butter chockie ($7.50) which is basically a chocolate and peanut butter shake.  It comes in a cool, Alice in Wonderland inspired glass with metal straws.  My husband got more of this than I did because my straw was defective.  Tasty shake but I'm not sure about the metal straws.Those tiny little philly cheesesteak sandwiches that we all adored at the CMYE are only available Monday-Friday, according to the menu.  Also, they seem to have free wifi but I couldn't get it to work.  I figured I'd talk to my husband instead of screwing around with my iPod touch so I didn't ask what's up.  But if they get this fixed it'll make my unexpected wifi list.Great service and they took my Groupon with no problems.  Keep in mind when ordering - the tables are really small and the plates are pretty big.  Not particularly good for trying a variety of items.Can't wait to come back.  Next time I'm getting a big plate of waffle fries and Euphoria peanut butter chocolate fudge sundae (which my husband vetoed).  Sooo good!
3	It wasn't busy at all when I went in. The hostess was nice and got me right to a seat. These servers here are quick. Soon as I picked up my menu the girl was asking what drink I wanted. I asked her to come back seeing that they have a lot of chocolate drinks, and I wanted some extra calories today. So the prices turned me off about those good yummy sounding drinks, and I just got a coke, which was pricey  $2.25 for a diet coke sucks. I didn't want to spend too much, and It looked like I had no choice. I had a lot of good choices to eat. The menu items sounded so good, and I went with the Really Crunchy Mac n Cheese. I drank my coke quickly, and they asked me several times if I needed a refill but I really actually was worried that they would charge me an extra $2.25 for it, so I said no. The meal was ok.. I mean it was good don't get me wrong, but not the best I tried. Soon half way in the meal I bite on some seasoning, they had in the mac and cheese, and I hated it. I have tasted this before in another meal once, and I don't know what it is! I changed my mind as I was eating it and instend of ok..it was now bad because of that one little seasoning. I just stopped eating and hurried to check the menu for a drink, they could get the taste out of my mouth because it makes me sick to my stomach. I got a cookie shake to go that cost $7.75.That was the best part of this whole meal was that shake! It was soo good! It had white chocolate cream and Oreo cookies! I would come back just for that shake! I think this place was decent. I just picked the wrong meal for me.  If I come back, I will try something with less ingredients. My whole meal was about $25.00, and that's not including the tip, and that was just for one individual. If you arrive with friends and family, you know where the price will be.
4	If I looked up 'this is why I'm fat' in a dictionary, I'd find a picture of myself posing with Max Brenner's chocolate pizza. True story. I've had dessert at MB's NYC locations, but tried lunch for the first time here at his Caesar's Palace diggs. I was excited to see the set-up & decor was identical to the original store. I ordered sliders: two adorable, sky-high burgers topped with an onion ring & BBQ sauce. Very tasty, especially the toasted brioche bun. MB incorporates chocolate in savory dishes, for instance sprinkling cocoa powder on waffle fries & serving black & tan onion rings with a chocolate-ranch dipping sauce. How amazing!My lunch partners & I shared a few desserts: a waffle w/ bananas (which I didn't care for) & the aforementioned chocolate pizza, topped with 'the works' ($16.50 for a large): chocolate, peanut butter, marshmallows & bananas. So ridiculous in it's very existence; pizza is not supposed to be this sweet or this sexy. I enjoyed it so much, I picked one up for the plane ride home a few days later. That's real dedication to fatassness.
4	Stopped by here twice in the last 3 days, since I have 2 Groupons to use up.  Before that I was here for a CMYE event here, and sampled a selection of their hot menu items and chocolatebeverages.Based on the Yelp reviews,on my first visit, I ordered the B.A.L.T. sandwich and an Apple Pie Cinnamon Waffles (white chocolate cream, vanilla crepe flake ice cream, candied pecans) for dessert.  On my second visit, I sat at the bar and ordered the Brenner Burger and upgraded it to Pure AmericanKobe Beef, a Hot Dark Chocolate drink, and ended my lunch with a Butterscrotch Chocolate Cream Milkshake (dulce de leche ice cream, toffee sauce, pure milk chocolate).The B.A.L.T. sandwich was good, but I thought there would be more avocado.  Otherwise, it was tasty and pretty easy to make at home if you are so inclined. The best part is the waffle fries.Apple Pie Cinnamon Waffles - one of their composed desserts.  I have a sweet tooth, but even this was a little too much sugar for me.  The waffles was okay, and for me the best part of this dessert was the 2 oz scoop of vanilla ice cream and the warmed and dilluted condense milk that you can pour over the everything.The Brenner Kobe Burger was very good.  And was also served with those waffle fries.  It was juicy, has a good flavor, and I totally recommends this.  Can get a little messy eating this, but nothing a good wipe on the napkins or a little soap and water will not fix up.The Hot Chocolate (Dark Chocolate) was served in the "hug me" mug, which I thought would be bigger, but the hot chocolate was served in a cup sized "mug" but has rich chocolate flavor.  Worth a try, if you love chocolate.Butterscrotch Chocolate Cream Milkshake - a sweet milkshake perfect for the sweet tooth.  But it is not a unique dessert concept that you can't find anywhere else.  But it hit the spot for me and was a yummy conclusion to a good lunch.The waitstaff were all very friendly and attentive. 4/5Decor - 4/5Food is average to good. 3.5/5Price - relatively inexpensive by casino restaurants standards.  3.5/5So almost 4 stars, but it gets there by rounding up. :)
5	I was walking around The Forum Shops when the hunger hit. One of the first places I checked a menu was Max Brenner. OMG...an adult Willy Wonka shop - a chocolate Love Story! Color me happy. So many choices  while surrounded by chocolate in every form. Who wouldn't love this?I started with Venezuela Cocoa - a full creamy texture with hints of vanilla ($5.25). The cups don't have handles, but are shaped so you cuddle them. It was awesome. For $1 more you can add raspberry, coconut, cinnamon, mint, hazelnut or banana, but I went straight.So many choices on the menu - Crepe Brulee & Sugar Waffle, Banana Split Waffles, White Chocolate Cheesecake Crepe, The S'mores Concoction, fondues. There's even a sharing tasting menu for 2.But this was my breakfast,  so  I went with the Guilt Free Omelet ($13.95) which was eggs, mushrooms, spinach, onion, peppers, tomatoes and Swiss cheese, diamond dusted sugar biscuit, spiced home fires and pure melted chocolate lock (melted chocolate in a bowl...I put it on my sugar coated biscuit. Heathly... I don't think so, but 7 ingredient types of umami (fancy-pants way of saying deliciousness).Chocolate lovers of the world...you don't want to miss this place!
5	First off, this restaurant smells amazing, like cocoa and everything chocolate!  Get the sliders and fries! They're a good price for what they are and they are absolutely delicious.
5	I have been here about 5 times with a 6th visit planned in a couple of days with friends from work for breakfast.  Everything here I've tried is delicious!  So far, my favorite thing to get is the Buffalo Chicken Sliders, waffle fries dusted with chili and cocoa powder and the Peanut Butter Chockie Milkshake.  The chocolate pizza with "the works" is heaven!  This place is great for adults and kids!  The Satisfaction Guaranteed (alcohol) drink tastes like a snickers bar.  Their non-alcoholic drinks like their hot chocolate and their capuccinos are served in cute mugs.  The Hug Mug and the Kangaroo cups.  I will keep coming here to get my comfort food and chocolate fix!
2	My favorite Max Brenner store is the one in Union Square in New York City, so when I heard that chocolate from the bald man was opened in Las Vegas inside the Forum Shops, I knew I had to make a stop here, just like I did when Serendipity 3 opened. Kind of like my Las Vegas Serendipity experience, I couldn't help but think that both my experiences were better in New York.The store inside Caesar's Palace is a smaller low-key store. My friends and I stopped in for some lunch and once again taste that amazing hot chocolate. I ordered the Chubby Smoked Turkey Club that came with waffle fries that were dusted with chili and cocoa powder, my boyfriend ordered the Buffalo Chicken Slider appetizer and Oven Roasted Tomato Pizza, and his friend ordered the Max's Sunday Mood Pasta.It might have been that we were starving, but the service seemed to be seriously lagging and there weren't even a lot of people in the restaurant. The food did taste great however, and we ended up getting the hot dark chocolate with marshmallows to go because we were in a hurry to get back to our hotel. But I definitely recommend sitting down and enjoying it from a hug mug.I also thought Max Brenner's restaurants to be more of a chocolate experience, and I had never had a meal from Max Brenner and have always gone for chocolate and other desserts. Maybe if we had come just to buy a box of truffles and drink hot chocolate and order a fondue it would have been a lot more enjoying instead of coming in for a quick lunch and taken a hot chocolate to go. Either way, I was a little disappointed with the service here compared to my experience in New York. I may or may not come back to Max Brenner inside the Forum Shops, it would all depend on how much I want their hot chocolate.
5	Ok, to start I'm not a big fan of chocolate but after sucking down one of Max Brenner 's favorite hot chocolate which was served with a cold metal straw. They had won me over. I ended up leaving with a box of chocolate which by the way, tasted amazing. Their food are also quite tasty and the presentation looked awsome. I'll definitely go back next time around.
5	This restaurant is awesome. My girlfriends and I went to have brunch here after a long night out of partying. BEST hangover food ever. Not only are the portions huge, they are delicious! The presentation of the food is also very nice. Almost all entrees have chocolate. I ordered the lazy breakfast and loved it. Customer services is great, prices are decent for a restaurant on The Strip, and the restaurant environment is nice.2 thumbs up! Next time I need to leave room for dessert!
3	The restaurant itself is great.  And the food is delicious too, especially for people with a big sweet tooth like me.  That alone could get the restaurant five stars.  The only downer is the service.  It's a new restaurant, so I could understand why it wasn't up to par.  Not much to say, really.  I would definitely suggest going here, preferably for breakfast, because there aren't many restaurants on the west coast like it and the food's awesome, but if you've been to the NY one, don't expect too much.
4	Was told to try this place out by a friend and we came in and got their "sharing" plate that feeds 2, but definitely was enough for the 4 of us to just get a sample of everything (waffle, brownies, fondue, and more).  We also had coffee to try with the chocolate to counteract with the sweetness and was a bit disappointed that the kangaroo cups didn't work as we thought it was going to.  :(  However, the "sharing" plate was awesome and the small chocolate store they had attached definitely had reasonably priced chocolates and souvenirs for us to bring home.  A chocolate lovers' dream!
4	There are pros and cons between this location and the one back in NY. And I'll tell ya fo' sho'!This location has much nicert waiters, fo' sho'. I had two waiters: Brenda and Ryan. Brenda was sweet, and then Ryan took over. Ryan looks EXACTLY like Ryan Cabrera when he had his blond spikes. I named him Ryan throughout the entire time, and what do you know, his name really is Ryan. Hey, maybe I can be his Ashlee, but we all know how that went.The pizza was not as good, it fell apart as soon as I took a piece and it wasn't as crispy. Fondue is always as good, and as usual, my marshmallows were caught on fire several times. As long as my food is edible, I'm good. And I must say, I've never had so much fun with chocolate until now. I was making splatters and drawing with chocolate, being a kid is good again.Ryan (Cabrera) and Brenda checked up on us a few times. Nicest waiters ever. And I bet you Ryan plays guitar and rock music.
3	The short: Get the "white cookie" fresh from the oven, at the front cafe for $5. OMG. OMG. The long: inside at the restaurant: long waits, water refills - had to ask each time. "Sunday pasta" did a number on my tummy! :-(. Best thing on the menu - the $5 white cookies in front cafe, fresh out of the oven. Wish i spent my groupon on just those cookies. Forget the entrees, they're nothing special - typical ingredients prepared en masse so they can be thrown together and then onto your plate. That's how it tastes. And you'll pay a premium to find out I'm right.
4	outstanding chocolat.
4	Thoroughly enjoyed our time here.  First off, really liked that the wait to get a table was relatively painless.  We walked in around 1:30 on a Sunday afternoon and were seated within 15 minutes.  They really put in a lot of effort to create an experience.We got the Spicy Tuna Salad Sandwich and the Brenner Burger, both were great.  And the waffle fries that come on the side are delicious!For dessert we tried the Italian thick hot chocolate, Toffee hot chocolate, and the Hazelnut Cream Banana Toffee Crepe.  They were all good.  Just be warned that as the name suggests, the Italian thick hot chocolate is very thick, so just be prepared.  We definitely understood Max Brenner's chocolate love story.Our server was very sweet and took good care of us the whole time.  She was knowledgeable about the menu and was able to offer good suggestions.The interior is adorable and has a Charlie and the Chocolate Factory feel to it.
5	Mexican hot chocolate! All the way.This place is AWESOME. Omelet with chocolate sauce! aka mole.  yummm....was open thanksgiving day. service was great. very cute place.place that sells chocolate, is a restaurant, and has a bar?Bar with chocolate mixed with liquor? Dangerous....Good thing you can drink all you want because you are in Vegas.  Craving for that mexican hot chocolate right now.  It's not just an ordinary hot chocolate.  I won't tell you how it taste because you have to go there yourself!
4	Concierge at Caesar's introduced it to us for Valentine's and it was perfect. Casual dining, mid-range pricing but totally unique food, drink and dessert, and the main ingredient....chocolate! What's not to like. Everything that is basic but elevated to a new level!
5	Every once in a while my husband surprises me with something delightful, tonight was one of those nights. I can usually guess where we're going to eat by the direction we are driving, we have several "usual spots" but I didn't have a clue and when he pulled into parking lot of Caesars on a Saturday night, I didn't know what to expect. Once inside we headed towards the Forum shops and he then told me we would be dinning at Max Brenner's. I didn't quite know who that was but there was a familiarity to the name. Once I saw the restaurant I realized it was going to be all about chocolate! I started the evening with an eighties milkshake, it is milk chocolate ganache, vanilla bourbon ice cream, and a crunchy chocolate shell. It was thick, cold and yummy! Next we had Molly's White Corn Croquettes which was only four petite croquettes made of house seasoned white corn & manchego cheese balls dusted in panko bread crumbs & lightly fried. It was a wonderful taste but just that, a tease of a taste, left me wishing for a bigger bite. For my main dish I enjoyed Max's Sunday Mood Pasta with fresh tomatoes, spinach, ricotta cheese, tomato-pesto. It was a little dry but overall there was good flavors found near the bottom of the bowl.. We couldn't leave with some wonderful treats for desert, and that we did get, a chocolate sampler which was a tray of tasty sweets. A chocolate fondue pot that they light and keep warm, there were strawberries, marshmallows and bananas to dip. Also on the tray, a banana split waffle, fluffy chocolate sponge cake, crispy chocolate egg roll, with milk and white chocolate balls. It was the best part of the evening. I was surprised and pleased that my husband took me to a new place that would not only allow me to enjoy one of my faves, chocolate, but would also have me thinking about the next time.....
4	If you love Chocolate...If you love the smell of chocolate...if you are a chocolate fan...Than this is the must go spot for anybody who wants chocolate....My friend saw this place and her eyes just beamed and glowed and she was we have to go and sit here...I'm not the biggest chocolate fan but I did taste some and it was just too sweet for my tastes...but it was great place for me to pickup some gifts for other people...They had a huge variety of items in their shop...attached to the restaurant.If you love to drink chocolate they sell these milk chocolate syringes that you heat up in the microwave and just put it in your mouth to enjoy...
4	went there for the yelp event and omg was i Chocolate wasted... going to go back soon so i can try more food and more drinks for sure. very nicestaff and very nice ambiance
3	went for full lunch and dessert w/ kids:waffle fries A+Chicken strips w/ 'paintbrush' for mustard and ketchup A-Cobb salad - overdressed and chopped, nothing special C+bacon/chicken on sticks - 4 pieces $7, tasty B-Croquettes - 4 pieces $7, okay C+onion rings - tower of 10ish $7, Weee! A-   came w/ chocloate ranch sauce, meh C+Penne pasta $14, meh C+mac and cheese kids meal w/ syringe full of marinara B- for fun factorThe real reason we'll return in the future:decadent desserts and drinks!- 80s milkshake (no can for refill) $7  - A- Frozen lemonade $4 - A- fondue for sharing - A- kids loved their 'mess', cakepan sized bowl of ice cream w/ own house choco sauce to pour over - came w/ mini spatulas to eat with - A- kid loved his chocolate syringe - Aall this w/ tip ran family of 5 $150.00
4	Heckuva find, especially since we were staying at CP and it was a ten-minute walk from our hotel room to the restaurant.The good:- Location: Love the Forum Shops area, makes for great people watching and window shopping to and from dinner.- Price: Four of us shared one appetizer, three entrees, one dessert and one coffee for $75 (including tax and tip) and we were STUFFED.- Quality: The veggie conscious burger was perfect, with a bread soft enough to allow you to really enjoy the juicy veggie patty. The spicy waffle fries were cooked perfectly. The chicken panini was nice and juicy and not smashed like most paninis I'm used to. The spicy chicken and cheese pizza was very big and could easily feed two, maybe three people (the goat cheese was a nice touch). The caramel concoction dessert was very nice (since we're Indian we love spice anywhere we can get it and here, the combination of mousse, white chocolate and spicy peanuts was memorable).- Quantity of food: The burgers are HUGE and while you dont get a large side of fries, you get enough to fill yourself up. The panini was hearty and the pizza was large also. Comfort food indeed!-Service: Fast and friendly!The bad:- The cheese croquettes. For $7 you get four measly quarter-size croquettes. They were tasty (panko crumbs) but incredibly over-priced (shocking because everything else seemed reasonable).Conclusion: Would definitely come back here next time I'm in Vegas!
5	Went there last night with the family for a much needed dessert outing. It was amazing. We had the tasting for two plate, messy sundae, Italian creme hot chocolate (is there any other?), 80's milkshake and the chocolate cake. We ate till we were literally sick to our stomachs. Dre was our server and just as cute as a button. He bent over backwards to make us happy. Will always be a loyal patron here. Love to Amy and Alfonzo!
4	Super delicious! Had lunch/dinner with friends for the first time over the weekend. Super cute atmosphere! Chocolate everywhere! We tried saving room for dessert but we were stuffed after our meal. A few hours after shopping and gambling we came back for the cookies and they tasted like heaven!!!Our waiter was prompt but when paying for our meal with half cash, half card. she failed to take the cash and charged the whole tab on one credit card. I think she was rushed. Overall, we had a great experience!
5	HANDS DOWN!!!! the best chocolate joint in the nation! Who ever this Max guy is, he has perfected the science and craft behind chocolate.  The servers at this place were extremely helpful in showing me the different types of chocolate products they would recommend to me....I swear if I stayed in the store any longer I would have gone broke trying to buy everything in site....all the taste test they have given me was beyond my expectations as to how well the chocolate was developed here.  In the end I only got a frozen hot chocolate to compare to Serendipity's frozen hot chocolate....by far it is way better than Serendipity!  I promise these guys that my wife and I will come back next time we are in Vegas and have a sit down session with the chocolate fondue.For those who read this, I promise you that you will not be disappointed when you try their chocolate and if you think other wise and claim Godiva is better like some ignorant taste testers, you do not deserve high quality chocolate.....stick to your Hersheys! :p
5	so once the effects of fat tuesday (see review) were in full force we came to max brenner...so this place literally has perfected dessert....I am infamous for my sweet tooth and this place definitely gets it goin...we ordered the banana something waffle thing and holy moly i thought i died and was in heaven cuz it was THAT awesome! plus it had ice cream that tasted like praline or hazelnut-- like awesome savory-ness to the uber sweetness of the waffle...oh and there were chocolate malt balls and salt caramel as a garnish...overall a VERY balanced plate and it was spectacular! i would love to check it out again for more of the savory options....but i now have a spot for my sugar cravings now that ciao and their amazing tiramisu are no more!
5	I felt like restaurant was made just for me!  I'm picky about chocolate, and not only do they nail that, the is awesome too!  Mac n cheese is phenomenal.  Eighties shake is perfection.  I subbed the vanilla scoop for chocolate and it was the best chocolate ice cream I've ever tasted.  We went two days in a row.  No waiting and good service.  GO!!
5	A friend and I came here and got sat right away. There were only two of us and the table we got was very small but I noticed all the tables were like that so it didn't bother me that much. Besides the cramped eating area, there were tons of things to look at! It was chocolate heaven and the company we had next to us were also very nice and charming so our experience at Max's was wonderful.Our server was on point and was very patient with us. What we ordered was:1) Meaty, Crispy, Cheesy and More Pizza - bacon, pepperoni, chorizo, salami, roasted red peppers, garlic, onions & mozzarella2) Cinnamon Apple & White Chocolate Truffle Cream French Toast - brown sugar spiced pecans, warm toffee sauceThe food came out in good time and it filled me up real fast! It was delicious. The pizza is semi-thin crust and lots and lots of sauce (which I love!!). The French Toast was perfect- not too sweet, not too bland. I would definitely come back again. ****Beware: Looking at the pictures I have attached from Max Brenners will make your mouth water!
4	about to get my chocolate on, seriously! i love when someone loves a specific ingredient/food and makes it into the best things it could be. max brenner knows his chocolate and he knows how to give it that special touch to create something so simple into something complex and amazing.we tried the sharing tasting, which included: banana split waffle, chocolate sponge cake, chocolate eggrolls, milk & white chocolate bark, and chocolate fondue with fruit and marshmallows. we also added the milk chocolate apple caramel crisp. among this explosion of goodness, my favorite were the milk & white chocolate bark, which i can't truly describe and it's can't be bought separate from the sampler. it's not like bark you get during christmas, it was flaky and airy. i've never had anything like it. i also love the added touch of the grill to toast the marshmallows before dipping it into the fondue.max brenner seriously takes my love for chocolate to a whole other level and i will be back to try them all!
5	Chocolate lover's heaven!I love the slider bar as well.  I went most recently with 3 friends and we shared 3 of the slider bar dishes which were all good, but beware that each of the items in that section only come with two pieces.  Even then it was enough to make us feel satisfied.We then went on to 3 plates of dessert, the stand out being the hazelnut, banana crepe.  Don't leave here without trying it!
5	Max Brenner Knows Chocolate. DefinitelyI came here and immediately i was drawn to the menu that told the story of Max Brenner - in all seriousness though, it's probably completely fictional but despite all that, it was a good intro to what I should expect from the steve jobs of chocolate." Heavenly chocolate" only scratches the surface. if you're going to max brenner, definitely give them the moment to show you their way of experiencing chocolate - sounds completely like their marketing strategy, but believe me, it delivers. i tried their waffles, ice cream and coffee, but this review goes to their hot chocolate.bottom line: TRY THE SPICY HOT CHOCOLATESpicy hot chocolate; best i've ever had. they serve it to you in a special cup that they call a "hug mug" which is specifically shaped so that while sipping, your nose is drawn close to the chocolate, in order for you to experience the aromas and spices in the drink itself. after each slow sip, you taste almost every spice, every cream, and every blend of chocolate mixed into the drink. Drinking hot chocolate this way brings the experience to a whole new level. next time i'm in Caesars palace, or Vegas, I'm definitely stopping by to see what Max Brenner came up with next. Know this... If Style from "the pick-up artist" were to meet willy wonka, you'd have yourself a place called, Max Brenner.
4	This place is a hot chocolate mess, and I mean that in the best possible way.  Nestled in the riff-raff that is Caesars Palace, this Count Chocula wet dream satisfies the most demanding of chocolate cravings.  The Mexican hot chocolate definitely sparks my bi-lingual curiosity.
4	Here's the low-down:drinksPeanut Butter Iced Chockie - 5 stars80's shake - 3 starsMexican spicy hot chocolate - 4 starsdessertchocolate chunks pizza - 2 starsEuropean fondue - 3 starscrystal sugar churros fondue - 4.5 stars--order extra strawberries with your fondue!--foodBrenner Burger sliders - 2 stars (fries - 4 stars!)grilled chicken panini - 3 stars
4	I'm glad last minute while trying to fall asleep to try here for brunch before I left Vegas. I was curious about the whole food+chocolate. So after we checked out of our hotel, we cruised over to Ceasars Palace to try Max Brenner.We got there around 11pm and only a couple table was filled. Hostess seated us right away. I noticed all the tables there are pretty small, which is fine since it gives you that small French cafe atmosphere. Waiter was attentive and friendly.Here's what we ordered:Chocolate Chai- Came in a pot filled with actual chai tea leaves and a piece of biscotti with powdered sugar. It was light and flavorful and delicious. I loved it.Slammin spicy chicken burger- Came with the chili/chocolate powder waffle fries and dipping sauce. My husband said the burger was good and I tried his fries and loved it. It was crispy and had that touch of spicynesss.Guilt Free Omelet- My omelet had mushrooms, tomatoes, spinach, onions. It was more like a scramble but folded into an omelet shape with the cheese melted on top. I though the cheese on top and in between was too much for me, but they didn't skimp on the size and amount of veggies in the omelet. My dish also came with this chili breakfast potatoes which I couldn't stop eating. I wish I had more!! The biscuit was great and I believed the butter and chocolate was to be eaten together with the biscuit, strange combination, but to my surprise, fries, breakfast potatoes, biscuit..they all taste good with chocolate on it..hahaOverall the meal itself was great. It was definitely a different style of dishes .Very unique but it fits together. Will be back to try the milkshake I've been hearing about and hopefully the mexican hot chocolate!
5	I went here with my girlfriend. I wanted to go here ever since I've seen Kid in a Candy Store feature it. We tried the chocolate egg roll, which is has a bar of chocolate, nuts, spices, and banana deep fried in a crepe-ish wrapping. Its also served with two dipping sauces (chocolate & caramel) and two strawberries. It was pretty good, the servers there were cool and I can't wait to bring my sister there since she's a choco-holic. I want a slice of that pizza too!
3	What a great concept and really great decor, fun menu. Very small bar tables and chairs. I went for the chocolate pizza and was a bit disappointed. It was good, but not really all that special :( Really wanted to be wowed but wasn't.
5	O. M. G. This might be one of my favorite places ever. I'm pretty jealous that Max came up with and implemented the idea before I did. We didn't have any "real" food, but the desserts were out of this world!I had The Melting Chocolate Truffle Heart Cake and Shake (white and milk version). DELICIOUS!! Friends had the Banana Split Waffles, the Crispy Chocolate Eggrolls, and the Butterscotch Chocolate Cream Milkshake. All got rave reviews.In additional to phenomenal sweets, this place does amazing food presentation, and I'm such I presentation girl. I ate it up, literally and figuratively. Bought two of the Alice cups to take home-- they're super adorable. Clearly a lot of thought went into the development and creation of this establishment, which I appreciate. And, I just found out they're opening a new location five minutes from my apartment in Boston! So dangerous, but so exciting! Can't wait!
3	Much better in Sydney AUS
4	I wasn't sure about coming to this place for lunch.  I mean, I don't like chocolate THAT much.  But maybe I do now...But talk about a place that really meshes its theme into the ambiance and decor.  I never knew chocolate could be so sophisticated.  It's like Trina Turk came in here and waved a magic wand.  That was a plus.I had the Southwestern salad with lots of avocados in it and a lime vinaigrette.  For dessert we split the Churro Fondue.  I love churros and with the milk chocolate, caramel, and raspberry sauce, I was very much in a heavenly state.Our server was very engaging and nice but I felt like she and her bus staff had road runner legs.  At a sit-down restaurant, I don't like to be rushed and I don't like the bus boys trying to take stuff away all the time like I am eating too slow.  That there is the minus star.Other than that, I would recommend this to chocolate lovers for sure and for those looking for a lot of lite fare options.  The latter is great for those who want to replenish just the right amount of energy to get back to shopping Caesar's or throwing their life savings on the pass line.
4	Picture this: Four straight men sharing chocolate fondue. That is what me and my girlfriends witnessed our hubbies doing unabashedly the first time we experienced the magic that is Max Brenner. Chocolate knows no prejudices or boundaries.We came here specifically for dessert. There were eight in our party and we ordered two samplers that were each supposed to feed two but totally filled us up.It came with chocolate sponge cake, chocolate egg roll, chocolate bark, chocolate fondue (dark, milk or white) with marshmallows and fruit, crunchy chocolate wafer balls and more yummy choco goodness.Not only was everything we sampled decadent and delicious, the atmosphere was just as cool. I fell in love with all of the cups, plates and silverware. Hot chocolate is served in a "Hug Me" cup that you need to pick up with both your hands. Milkshakes come in an Alice in Wonderland inspired "Drink Me" glasses. How fun is that?I haven't had a chance to try much of the food aside from the pizza. I had the mushroom and ricotta pizza which was on a thin crust and tasted as wonderful as their desserts.I would give this place five stars but they could improve their service. The first time I went, they screwed up another table's order and gave us a free pizza so it wouldn't go to waste. Good for us but sucked for the other table who had to wait for their food. The next time I went, our waitress was rude and accidentally dropped a stack of plates.Despite the service I've experienced, everything else has been memorable and top notch. The desserts are so amazing that a bunch of guys don't mind fondue-ing it together.
5	I don't just throw around my five-stars. I'm very stingy with them, actually, so that's saying something right there.We went to brunch there on a lark while on a trip to the Apple Store in The Forum Shops.  I'd passed by once before and had heard good things and the brunch menu looked tasty. A little on the high side for breakfast, but we figured for the Strip, it wasn't bad and decided to give it a shot.First, the smell. Oh sweet holy moses on the halfshell, it was DIVINE. The smoky smell of bacon wafting through the restaurant mingled with the rich cocoa scents and it was all just... sublime.Our server was Brenda and she was fabulous. Attentive, bubbly, not overly hover-y, she didn't rush us and she had a charming, dishy way about her that I loved. I could drink with her.I had the Huevos Rancheros Burrito which was scrambled eggs, chorizo, tomatoes and pepper jack in a red pepper (It was red, I'm just guessing) wrap.  It was served with some glorious house potatoes with a chipotle sour cream drizzled on it with pico de gallo. The whole thing kind of made my eyes roll into the back of my head. My toes were curling. I'm just sayin'.He had the Lazy Breakfast of scrambled eggs, chorizo & onions with a side of the same potatoes (sans orgasmic chipotle magic). It was also served with a sugar-dusted buttermilk biscuit, a dish of softened butter and a "lick" (a small dish) of melted milk chocolate, which he added to his biscuit with the butter.He loved his breakfast, but after tasting my burrito, wished he'd gotten that, but still raved for several hours about how good breakfast was. The sugared biscuit with the butter and the chocolate combo was brilliant.We finished up, he with an 80's shake (vanilla bourbon ice cream, milk chocolate shake with a hard chocolate shell) and I with a Mexican hot cocoa (with cinnamon, nutmeg and other stuff).  Both perfect cappers to our meal. We left full, satisfied but not sluggish and with plenty of leftovers which I whipped up into breakfast tacos for dinner last night.Our tab was $48, which is about double what we'd normally pay for breakfast, but we don't normally have milkshakes and frou frou cocoa with it, either.  But we both agreed: WORTH EVERY PENNY. (Especially since we got dinner out of it, too.)We talked about that meal all day, how it put us in a great mood. The power of chocolate is mighty.  I can't wait to go back.
4	I was visiting my non-blood sister who resides in vegas and we had just come back from an afternoon of boarding in Utah.  Now I was hungry. Hungry and excited for the rest of our evening.She's a great host by the way. We were trying to find somewhere interesting to grub and she suggested Max Brenner, I'm sure primarily due to the rave reviews about their chocolate infused desserts and dishes. Chocolate? Sign me up. We walked through Ceasar's and made our way to the restaurant. It's a nice, classy yet casual establishment. We were promptly seated and the first thing I reached for was the dessert menu. Out of the four of us, I was the most excited to be lulled by chocolate. We all individually got their frozen frappes. Oreo, two mochas, the chocolate truffle granita and hazelnut. The last two were mine. I couldn't choose so she said "get both", and after a slight twist in the arm, I acquiesced. The frappes came in cute porcelain glasses with alum straws, cool concept. I tried all the frappes and liked the truffle granita the most.Onion rings with chocolate ranch sauce, waffle fries dusted with cocoa powder, crunchy mac and cheese are the apps we chose to start with.  The chocolate ranch was a bit odd, and didn't seem to pair too well with the onion rings. Waffle fries were good, even better  with plain ketchup and the mac cheese had a nice crust and bacon!The boys got burgers which were impressively large, and per their opinion, pretty damn tasty. I gave up beef for lent (ugh i know) so I couldn't partake but they looked delish.  She and I shared the BLAT (bacon, lettuce, avocado and tomato) which was nothing impressive but I ate my share anyway.I definitely wouldn't mind coming back to try more of their desserts AND a burger of my very own next time.
5	This is one of the highlights of our Vegas trip. I am not a huge chocolate fan but Max Brenner made me experience what most chocolate aficionados must be experiencing when they eat chocolate!I read from a magazine that they opened a location late last year in Vegas (Caesar's The Forum Shops, right across the 3-story H&M store). And considering they only have three-- now four-- Max Brenner Restaurants in the US. (None in California, Why?!?!) I thought this was a MUST DO on our Vegas itinerary. And boy, was I right. :)Our server, Brenda, was very delightful. She introduced us to the whole 'Max Brenner Chocolate' experience. She was also very knowledgeable, if you can't make up your mind. Just ask her. Going to Max Brenner's is like going to a Candy Store. It's hard to pick which candy (or in this case, chocolate) to get.In the end, we decided to do a 'taste test' and ordered the "sharing for two" dish (split up between 3 people, lol.) We also got an order of Sugar Crystal Churros and we didn't get to finish it. We were soooo full. Everything was so good! They also had a huge selection of shakes and even their food presentation, their cups, mugs, etc. They were so whimsical. It really feels like a chocolate factory. Btw, you can purchase those mugs in the gift shop AND they also have free samples in there. So dig in! :)If you are looking for the best chocolate martini... order Satisfaction Guaranteed! The name speaks for itself. Seriously. I never had appreciation for chocolate until now.We will be back!
4	I had zero expectations for this place, but anywhere that revolves around sweets is my kinda place.  I'm actually not a huge chocolate fan when I have the choice between chocolatey and fruity desserts but I certainly appreciate some tasty chocolate every once in awhile.  We went here for a light meal (I didn't even get dessert, which is unlike me...but I did get a custom box of truffles made for the trip home).We had the sloppy Max sliders, the Brenner Burger sliders, and the Mexican hot chocolate with milk chocolate.  OH SWEET JESUS the hot chocolate was good.  We initially ordered one to share but the second I tasted it I knew that would not be happening.  We got one more but I tell you I could have drunk that stuff by the potful.  If you like a little bit of kick, DEFINITELY try that.  I was sad I couldn't buy some mix or something to take home.The sloppy Max sliders were pulled bbq pork and DELICIOUS.  The burger ones were nothing special.The truffles were not as good as the ones I got from Vosges also in Caesar's but they were tasty.  My favorite was the chili and cornflakes one and the hazelnut cream pecan one (or something...I tried to look it up on the website but I'm having a hard time finding the flavors).  The free samples of chocolate covered pecans were GREAT as well.Not super pricey either (for Vegas) so check it out if you're looking for a quick bite and something to satisfy your sweet tooth!  They had a ton of desserts including a syringe of chocolate you can directly inject into your mouth or onto your dessert or wherever (well, probably not WHEREVER...you might have to buy one to go if you get any crazier ideas ;)
5	Seriously...the Bald Chocolate Man NEVER disappoints. I brought my best friend here for a much needed chocolate fix and Shawn (one of my favorite bartenders) was there. He was wonderful as always. My friend found nirvana in their fondue and french fries with chili mayo. We also wanted to toast to our lives so we ordered 2 splits of Veuve Clicquot which made us feel warm and fuzzy all over. I have not one thing I would change about this trip to Max Brenner. Will be back soon for my fix.
3	Go for dessert, but skip the real food. We went for lunch and got the Brenner Burger and the Mushroom and Ricotta pizza. The burger was edible. Not too bad, but nothing special, and not as good as the burger from the Society Cafe two days earlier. The pizza was terrible. My wife said it tasted like Elios, and I think that's an insult to Elios. Would never come back here for food.  3 stars for the burger, 0 stars for the pizza. The we got dessert. This is why you should come. The chocolate egg rolls were insane. 5 stars. The giant cookie was great for the one or two bites we tried, but we took the rest to go. Will really enjoy it tonight as a late night snack. Also 5 stars!
4	max brenner is a great place for brunch on the vegas strip. situated conveniently in the caesars forum shops, the cute and dark little shop is home to delicious chocolates and chocolatey drink concoctions.the banana split latte, priced at a whopping $7.50, was a thick, creamy chocolate milkshake with bananas. it was frothy and came in the most interesting yet practical cup, equipped with metal straw to keep the beverage cold until the moment it hits your lips.the illegal chocolate chocolate chocolate pancakes were amazing. soft, pillowy, fluffy disks of dough, topped with toffee'd bananas and toasted pecans. as if that wasn't decadent enough, a generous drizzle of chocolate syrup and honey. for those chocoholics, an extra beaker of chocolate sauce sits on the side for additional dousing to your heart's content.the skillet scramble was surprisingly delicious, coming from a chocolate shop. eggs were velvety, the sausage  was savory, the peppers and onions nicely grilled, and the spinach and mushrooms nicely seasoned. served with a crunchy and crusty roll and a side of chocolate sauce and butter. chocolate and eggs? yes, questionable. weird at first but due to the quality of the chocolate, it sort of works.
5	We went to this restaurant with a group of 8 people, fifteen minutes before it closed looking for dessert on a Friday night. We were welcomed in, and seated. Our waitress was not only knowledgable, but was downright enthusiastic about the chocolate here regardless of the fact that we were holding her over. She made some great recommendations for and against some of the menu items. After bringing us our dessert, we were floored. It was all so amazing. I'm dislike dark chocolates, and love a good creamy milk chocolate. This is as good as it gets with chocolate.I would highly recommend the chocolate pizza, and a glass of ice cold milk. Then try the hot chocolate, or a crepe from the Take Out bar. Spectacular!!!
5	I know this place is well known for their chocolate and chocolate drinks with cute fancy cups they serve it in, but there's two items that should be ordered: 1. Yellow Granita- Very refreshing for a hot or cold Vegas day.2. Waffle Fries dusted with chili & cocoa powderBesides these two must haves, their pizzas, bacon mac & cheese, and corn croquettes are yummy too.
4	So, while in Vegas two weeks ago, my friend and I had reservations for dinner here at Max Brenner.  Now, I should honestly tell you that I am not a huge chocolate fan (shocking I know!), but I was intrigued by the way that chocolate was being incorporated into the ingredients.The food, the service, and the smell of chocolate in the air made for a great dinner, and sitting outside on the patio (although it's not really outside but just a view of people passing by the Forum Shops) was pretty relaxing.DRINKS:Satisfaction Guaranteed!  Nope, that's not what I think about the drinks here, that is in fact that actual name of a drink.  It's pretty much like a spiked chocolate milk (castries peanut liqueur, caramel liqueur, milk chocolate served up)....but a very very very notched up version which was amazing.  They serve it to you in a martini glass (sans stem) which is placed in a small bowl of ice to keep it cold while you drink it.  It also comes with a small beaker with some extra in it as well as some spicy peanuts which really do add to the flavor of the drink as you enjoy it.  FOOD:The food was great. To start, we got the onion rings which come with a chocolate ranch dressing. Now some of you might be thinking "blech!!!" but I have to say...don't knock it to you try it. It's pretty mild, so don't expect a huge burst of flavor...just enjoy it for it is.For my main course I had the grilled asparagus crepe and it was huge! (That's what she said! lol).   It was very flavorful and filled with perfectly al dente  aspargus and a lot of cheese.  An excellent way to be induced into a food coma.Unfortunately I simply had no room for dessert, but did buy some pieces of individual chocolate from the store inside.  One to try (if they still have it)...chocolate filled with halva.  Halva is a Middle Eastern thing (difficult to explain really), so I really impressed that they would have such a chocolate there.   The chocolates overall were VERY good (although I still think Tseucher is the best) and were a great way to end the meal.I would highly recommend you come here at least once to see what it's all about.  The menu is fairly large and there are many options for picky eaters.
5	Another researched dessert spot in Las Vegas I indulged in was Max Brenner at Caesars Palace. Written on the outside of the restaurant was "A Chocolate Love Story". The man is a genius. The menu items are mixed with tradition and funky combination to savor and enjoy. I ordered the tasting for two despite I was only one person. How else was I to sample a little bit of everything? I really had no shame. Included in what looked like the last meal of my life was fluffy chocolate sponge cake, which looked like a brownie but lived up to its name perfectly. I had the one crispy chocolate egg roll with spicy peanuts inside. It may sound unusual but it was very, very tasty, with a little kick. It also came with a whole fondue setup where I picked dark chocolate to dip my roasted marshmallows and strawberries. There were also some white and milk chocolate barks which I took to go(a strategic move on my part). But the most unique thing in the tasting was the Banana split waffle. It was this tower of waffle and caramelized bananas with toasted rice crispy chunks and bourbon ice cream. It comes with a itty bitty glass jar of warm chocolate to drip over it and tiny chocolate crunch balls. I mean, seriously delicious. My mouth is watering again. This place is a must for me. Thank YOU Max Brenner.For more on my dessert blog, http://weaknessforsweetness.tumblr.com/
5	I fell in love with this place when i was in new york. I was really sad that i didn't buy any of their mugs at the time.  When i coincidentally found out that they opened one in vegas while i was there, i knew i had to go! I was in vegas for a bachelorette and turns out that they had just opened. I love the dark chocolate granita. I love choclate so there wasn't much that i didn't like about this place.  I bought home the alice cup and the hug mug. I may want to by more the next time i visit. Chocolate is my best friend.
5	Didn't know what to expect coming here but was impressed. My impression from the outside was that everything would be absolutely and sickeningly made out of chocolate-but I had to see for myself. Ironically, I had nothing that contained chocolate-although there might have been some in the espresso, not too sure though. I started with an orange smoothie which was nice and cinnamony but I am not a fan of the metal straw, steel apparently is not too tasty. I had the huevos rancheros burrito which was awesomelicious. It came with nice crispy tater tots and the burrito was spiced well.Max has nailed all aspects of a good restaurant, food, reasonable prices, and great service as well as an attractive setting. The tables are tiny though - barely fit the platter of delicious-ness.
4	Heard about this place from a friend, and had to check it out.Melting marshmellow hot chocolate.Hot Chocolate shots were sooo good. Kids love the chocolate syringe.  Boy were they hyper after. Hahaha.
4	Decided to come here since I been off sweet for 40 days and what better place to get my suger on then chocolate paradise. This place is the best chocolate place I can think of. No matter what my age is I'll still be running around here like a little kid. My cousin and I decided to start off with the Italian hot chocolate. AMAZING! I LOVE HOT CHOCOLATE and this place made it even better! So GOOD! We also ordered the chocolate chocolate chocolate pancakes. One bite was yummy but after that you're on a sugar high. So, over time it was just alright. My cousin got their skillet which was okay. Overall, the food was just a-ok. However, if you're ever here you must try their desserts. Also, a big plus is their chocolate chip and walnut cookie. Bake to perfection. A very big cookie with the chocolate chip melted in the middle. It was soo good that my sister special requested to be brought back home for her. :)
5	Max Brenner has got to be one of my favorite restaurants on earth, if not THE favorite! I would have to say that every single person on earth NEEDS to go to this restaurant at least once in their lives!WHAT:  Before I get too excited and start rambling, Max Brenner is such a beautiful restaurant.  It is great for couple outings, outings with friends, & just a great spot to hit up when you're out!  The first thing you may notice walking into the restaurant, is the delightful scent of chocolate in the air! Yes, they specialize in dessert no doubt!!WHEN: Monday through Thursday, open til 11pm. Friday through Saturday, open til midnight. So, you know what that means!! You have plenty of time to stop by! =DWHERE:  Located inside the Caesar's Palace Forum Shops, right across  H&M.WHY: The actual question is, WHY NOT?! I have tried the Max Brenner in New York, and the Las Vegas location actually has a couple more on their menu!There are a variety of of foods to choose from, depending on how hungry you really are, and if I could copy and paste the menu, I sooo would! Here are some things that I did get to try though.SLIDER BAR:For those who are in need of a quick hunger fix, there are about 8-10 sliders you can choose from! I have personally tried each and every single one of them & they are all to die for- BUT if I had to choose my favorites they would definitely be the Crispy Chicken Slider- Cobb (The Brenner cobb salad on top of crispy chicken), The Mini Philly (shaved meat with caramelized onions, melts deliciously in your mouth!), & also the Sloppy Max (pulled pork with super bomb coleslaw!)FOR YOUR HANDS: The burgers were actually pretty great! I tried the Turkey Burger & it is definitely one of the best burgers I've ever had the pleasure of tasting!DESSERTS: I love everything about every single one of their desserts!!Let's start it off with the hot chocolate! Most are served in the famous "hug mug," which definitely tests the five senses and enhances your drinking experience! It is a mug that perfectly forms into the palms of your hands! I want one! haha. Continuing, there are plenty of tasty chocolate mixtures to choose from- you also get the freedom to choose what type of chocolate you'd like; milk, dark or white chocolate. I have tried every single one of them and I'd have to say my all-time favorite is the chocolate chai! It is the perfect aromatic concoction that will have you asking for a refill! If you are not so into the hot beverages, there are a variety of milkshakes you can choose from! And again, I have tried almost all of them, but I am going to have to say the regular chocolate shake & the hazelnut shake are my favorites. Each and every one of them have a distinct taste based on what your liking is! =DOkay, I know this is getting too long so I will try to sum the rest of the desserts up! The best part of this whole journey is getting to the end!! Yupp, dessert time!! =D If you are having a hard time choosing which dessert to try, I would definitely try the chocolate chunks pizza! You can get the works which includes all 4 toppings (peanut butter, marshmallow, hazelnut bits, and banana), but I actually prefer just banana and hazelnut!! Everything about the pizza is all just so wonderful!! If you would like to try other things, the waffles are definitely off-the-hook, the chocolate fondue is an experience, and the cookies are heaven!!SIDE NOTE: (Sorry, this'll be the last thing I say hopefully). You have to, I repeat, HAVE TO try the waffle fries and the bomb dot com chipotle mayo it comes with, and if you really wanna try something new and different, ask for a side of dark chocolate ranch to dip those bad boys in! =D Just trust! =)JUST DO IT!!
4	I have been dying to go here since I saw it on the Food Network's "The Best Thing I Ever Ate". So this place was my Birthday Request. I ordered the Hazelnut Milkshake which was perfectly cold and surprisingly light and frothy, not heavy. My choice for the Main Course was the Spicy Chicken Pizza, although very good.eh..I could have picked something better like the Macaroni and Cheese. The waiter had actually suggested it..not realizing it wasn't on the Brunch menu. (Note: If its not on the menu request it!) This was the best mac and cheese in the world I am certain! "Really Cheesy - Really Crunchy Mac n Cheese - marinara, fresh tomatoes & bacon". You know in the movie in Seven..the gluttony crime scene, where the guy ate himself to death? That could easily occur with this dish. Its like crack..no joke.
5	Killing time in the Forum Shops, I stopped in to Max Brenner to see what gifts I could pick up.  I was given a sample of this chocolate covered pistachio/almond/nut and it was DEE-LICIOUS. The chocolates are expensive but sooo good!   I liked the ambiance much more than the Jean Philippe Patisserie at the Bellagio (though their chocolates are amazing too!) I returned the next day for a light snack, sharing a juicy barbecue chicken slider (2 comes in an order) and the to-die-for waffle fries with chili cocoa powder.   I wished I had more time (and more room in my tummy instead of filling it up with peach bellinis at Fat Tuesday) to try more of their desserts!  They even sell a chocolate syringe to satisfy your cravings with shots of chocolate. I will definitely return and take time to enjoy their desserts first.
4	If you are willing to try the "chocolate from the bald man", then you'll come up pleasantly surprised.Their italian creme hot chocolate was so creamy and smooth that I felt like  I was drinking from the chocolate river from Willy Wonka and the Chocolate factory....it was absolutely perfect.I also tried their kobe beef burger and their chocolate waffle with cinnamon apples.The waffle was absolutely delicious, but I didn't love the burger. The burger was ordinary to me...if you get the kobe beef burger, you should get it medium rare.  My friend had the guilt free omelette and I thought it was deliciously savory.  The cheese they used really made the dish pop.  And it was a perfect complement to all the sweets we had.Mr. Brenner knows sweets and he knows chocolate.  I had a bite of his chocolate chip cookie and I thought it was delicious.  Definitely come here for some hot chocolate and I think you'll be as chocolate wasted as I was.
5	My Favorite Vegas Sweet Stop! I got chocolate wasted and wouldn't have minded spending a whole day in this chocolate dream. Their chocolate drinks are heavenly. Friend had an italian in a cute hug mug http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=efFt78-ToFIXyJm5ZIjr4gDude had an 80s milkshake which was soooo delicious! Love the alice in wonderland "Drink Me" cup http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=WslMBkiMScJAM6fOITjHQgI ADDED BACON to my Guilt Free Omelette (CG style) and this was one of my favorite breakfast dishes i've had in a long time (thanks Janice C!). The omelette had some veggies and cheese, came with a side of potatoes. It came with an awesome sweet biscuit served with a side of butter and a side of milk chocolate!!! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=WjX7TqdKnJfQ8_rL21lnNw. The potatoes dipped in the chocolate worked delicious as well. Friend had the Brenner Kobe Burger- but didn't swoon over it. But the fries were good. Dipped them in chocolate- even better! Shared a apple cinnamon waffle and it came out soo pretty. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=ZM1r3Jgh1rIOAd8CLg_w8gLoved loved the tiny vial of chocolate sauce and the tiny chocolate pearls to dress up our waffles. The Vanilla icecream made it all perfect. While waiting for your food, u can check out the boutique inside filled with chocolate galore. The bill even came in the cutest chocolate bar like tin. I couldn't leave without getting me the chocolate walnut cookie that Dru C wrote about, at the stand where they also display the chocolate pizza http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=4XrN-0eKjrZ_O1MZPwUwDA, cupcakes and chocolate syringes! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=Y_OtGVh8HWQQzXQcHFcZRgIf u like the texture of Mrs Fields cookies, you will love this one which is 10 times better.I can say this is the best cookie i've ever had! It's $5.00, but it's big and super packed with chocolate and every bite is buttery bliss. Just make sure to eat it right away or if you're gonna savor it bite by bite like me and keep putting it away only to open the bag again to take another bite- get an extra bag cuz the grease will seep through- in the good way of course. I cannot wait to go back to get myself a couple more cookies and stay for breakfast, lunch and dinner!*at the Forum Shoppes at Caesar across from the huge ass H and M store. Mens while ur waiting for your girl at the 3 floor H and M, you can get yourself a chocolate syringe and die happy.
5	This Place is great. I love to sit at the bar sip a hot drink order an app and chat with the awesome bar staff. They really know their chocolate and the store is very well decorated. Try the Bacon Warped Cheddar filled balls with a macchiato in a kangaroo cup! It's Sweet, It's Savory, It's Great.
1	I've had high hopes for this place.  It was NOT good.  The milkshake was not great, our entrees were just OK (we had brunch) and the pizza I've been waiting for was better when I made it at home myself  using store bought pizza dough and nutella.  I'm sorry, but just a warning......way over rated.  The best thing I ate was the chocolate covered pecans they were handing out as a sample.  I love chocolate so I thought this place would be my Disneyland, but I don't know if I'll ever give it a second chance.....but like Beiber says, "never say never..."
4	Do not get this place confused with just a sweet spot.. This little place in the Cesar palace has a very delicious Menu.... I recommend the skillet or the pizza.... Bother were extremely delicious, i know you can really go wrong with a skillet however, all the ingredients that were combined with the egg was so good.... The skillet came with various peppers, sausages and various meats onions, mushrooms (Yum) with a delicious bread with the side of chocolate or white chocolate ganache. As for the pizza it was very good, it was more Mexican style which consist of cilantro black beans three different kinds of cheeses and chicken. The dough is thin so it is not over filling at all. The only reason this place was not 5 stars was the food took forever and the waitress was horrible, no refills was given to us and we had to wait forever for the bill.
5	I was there this past weekend! It matters not if you are a once a day, month or year chocolate lover....you need to experience this place. It is fabulous! Staff is terrific. Just adored our waiter. A chocolate experience beyond description.. So good.
4	Max Brenner and Chocolate. They're like, two things that just go together perfectly. Two things that are just meant to be together. Like, peas in a pod. Rubber and glue. Cheech and Chong. Alien and Predator.  Puff and Mase. I LITERALLY had to make sure I found myself in Vegas in 2010 to use a Groupon I purchased here. I was shocked to see Max Brenner with a Groupon because quite frankly, this is a popular restaurant known world wide that can get by without a Groupon, I'm sure. Of course the chocolate here is ridiculous- and by ridiculous, I mean freaking amazing. There isn't a piece of chocolate on Max's menu that couldn't bring me to tears of joy. This chocolate is dark, rich, thick, a whole bunch of decadent adjectives baby. A list of deserts so delicious, it'll have you wishing you were Augustus Gloop.I'd have to say, The Bald Man has done us west coasters a solid by bringing his chocolate to Caesars. The theme of this restaurant is interesting- very 'wooden chocolate industrial workshop' vibe going on. The plates and cups are all unique. The pizza was delicious, the shakes were delicious, deserts were delicious- I was very satisfied.
5	First of all the place smells fantastic. It made waiting for our desserts all the more difficult! Since we couldn't just get one thing (that would be wrong on so many levels) my party of three each ordered something and we sampled all. The Max Brenner pizza with "the works" was a marshmellowy delight-although the crust was way too thick-we ended up just scraping the topping off and eating that. The peanut butter and chocolate sundae was heavenly (our favorite) and the third was the chocolate cake with chocolate ganache inside served with ice cream and a chocolate "shot". We had lots of left-overs which made for tasty late night snacks. The fondue was another popular favorite ordered by many of the tables around us. I'd be curious to try the regular menu also, but I don't think I could go there and NOT get dessert. Truly indulgent.The staff was friendly but tried to clear our plates too quickly! You know you can lose a couple fingers that way if you're not careful. It would have been nice not to have felt rushed.
4	Stopped in for some free chocolate samples and stayed to share hot chocolate and a chocolate martini, both of which were ridiculously good. The deserts looked awesome including various types of chocolate fondue, chocolate pizza and delicious truffles. Will definitely come back to sample more from their menu.
4	Hug mugs, need I say more?  I went home with two of them.  This was a great compromise when we no longer wanted an all you can eat buffet.  They have breakfast and lunch and of course chocolate.  Our waitress was really, really nice.  I ordered a cookie to go, which came to $5 - yowzers that's a lot of change.   Still remember meal fondly.
5	If heaven is made of chocolate, this is what it would be like.We're stuffed, walking around taking in all the craziness of Vegas, when I mention  I saw a chocolate place on a walk the day before in the shopping mall at Caesars, so we walk there, and as we get there I am still too full and now too tired to eat anything, but my husband lures me in, and says he'll eat most, I can just taste. He orders the chocolate/banana smoothie AND the chocolate pizza with THE WORKS. And it was sweeeeeet, so amazing, don't cheat your self of this treat, brilliant flavors and deliciousness. No need to say I hate about half of what was ordered, full or not my appetite was revoked.
4	First fell in love with Max Brenner's in NY sometime last year and was absolutely elated when we found out they'd be opening one in Vegas.  Car ride to Vegas much cheaper than a plane out to NY!Made reservations ahead of time because we had expected it to be as busy as the NY establishment.  To our surprise it was not at all packed.  There was plenty of seating available both upstairs and downstairs.The staff seemed a little green.  They were not as friendly or confident as we are used to experiencing in most restaurants.  Our waitress had trouble doing more than one thing at a time as well.  They could easily fix this issue though.We knew we wanted to get the Blackened Skirt Steak and Mushroom Quesadillas again!  Man this dish is seriously a piece of heaven.  The cheese, meat, mushrooms, and three different sauces all marry together into a mouthful of deliciousness!  Our new course for this visit was the Pasta la Mancha.  It was a decent dish, but nothing will ever satisfy our Max Brenner savory cravings like the quesadilla.The place comes with desserts a plenty.  We've tried the several of them and like the Melting Chocolate Cake Souffle the most.  A number of different shakes to try as well.  You can even buy several items and of sweets from the gift store inside.  We snagged ourselves some Alice cups to take home.  Only 4 stars cause the decor and ambiance just wasn't like it was in NY.  But don't get me wrong, we'll definitely make it a point to stop by at least once (if not more) every time we're in Vegas.
5	hrmmm... bald guy with squiggles in front of a cute restaurant with a chocolate bar? I'm down. and man .. thank goodness we went in because .. yea.. heaven. We ordered the fried bananas with caramel & milk chocolate with ice coffee on the side. Good choice. The bananas were crispy on the outside and super soft in the inside. Everything just melted in my mouth. If you eat at the restaurant, you get 10% off at the cute store there. and yes, you will need the 10% off because you will want to buy everything as gifts for your loved ones. I purchased a piece of dark chocolate 70% cacao for myself. AMAZING.
5	their pork sliders were SO delicious! just melts in your mouth! loved it! the service was great too! can't wait to come here again when i visit next time! =D
5	** Review for chocolate-y goodness only! I was walking in The Forum Shops wen I saw that there was Max Brenner. My initial reaction was excitement as all the rich chocolatel-y memories of my first experience at Max Brenner in NY came flooding back. The decor is basically the same but the NY store is obviously bigger/more elaborate.The dessert menu is the same as the one in NY as well. I decided to try something different. I got the Mocha Frappe - and although the menu states "Milk Chocolate" our server asked me if I wanted Dark, Milk or white. Of course I chose dark chocolate :)  I didn't get to enjoy the hug mug this time but the Alice "drink me" cups were pretty cool!  The drink itself wasn't sweet at all and was actually quite bitter - but in a "i'm-strong-espresso" way. Delightfully refreshing. My friend ordered The fantastic Popsicle Chocolate Fondue. I didn't know what to expect when it came but it was adorable! In three little bowls there was the melted chocolate, crunchy wafer balls & candied hazelnut crunchy bits. So basically it was like dip it yourself. The vanilla ice cream bar itself is a magnum ice cream bar - creamy and delicious. I could eat the crunch wafer balls & candied hazelnut crunchy bits by themselves. AND best part was that while we were waiting for our dessert, my friend went to purchase something from the store as a gift. When she came back and our server saw that she had a bag - she asked if we received the 10% discount. We were unaware of the discount and she promptly applied the discount and gave us our money back. Yay! :) Max Brenner is indeed pricey but it's a little price to pay for an extremely satisfied sweet tooth.
4	Wow, fantastic desserts, although very, very expensive.We each had their famous cookies - Walnut Chocolate Chip and Double Chocolate - both were fantastic and incredible - soft and gooey cookies with rich chocolate flavor.  My favorite was the Walnut Chocolate Chip...it's definitely one of the best cookies I've ever had.  These were $10 each and even though it arrived with whipped cream, chocolate sauce and a mixed fruit and mint side, it still was very pricey. We also tried their sundaes -  I had a dessert with chocolate ice cream sandwiched between two chocolate cookies and it arrived with a rich milk chocolate dipping sauce.  It was very good and decadent.  The other sundae ordered was a chocolate peanut butter one with lots of great chocolate flavor and peanut butter goodness.This was definitely a splurge, but I enjoyed it.  The next time I'm in LV, I'd definitely come back here , but I'd go to the outside/"to-go" stand and order the Walnut Chocolate Chip Cookies, which are only $5...those cookies were extremely impressive.   Overall, everything here was great...the price point seems just too high to me, even for being that good...definitely worth a try, though.
4	This is one of my favorite places to buy gifts!  Who doesn't love fabulous chocolate?  The chocolates here are amazing, interesting (unexpected) tastes- if that makes sense.  One time I had a chilli orange dark chocolate with puffed rice, it was the most amazing piece of chocolate I have ever tasted.  I bought a little box of them and have not seen it since last July.  Godiva is nice but Max Brenner is definitely on a different level.   Their food is good here and the atmosphere is nice considering it's in the mall.  I've had all wonderful experiences here the numerous times I've come for lunch while shopping, and to buy gifts except one time.  About two weeks ago I was here and trying to find someone to help me with chocolate selection.  The two women who were working there, told me with a hand gesture to wait "one second," and continued their conversation behind the counter.  I stood there politely and listened to their unimportant conversation.. 2 minutes, 5 minutes, and then I saw that I was there standing for 10 minutes just watching them talk while they ignored me and I walked out totally pissed off.  I've been thinking about phoning in to complain about the women, but it's more my style to YELP the complaint in the hopes that someone in management will hear.  On a more positive note, this is the only bad experience I've had here, there are so many times where I've had lunch here and the service (which is always secondary in importance to me next to the food) is perfect.   Try their espresso/chocolate drinks they are phenomenal.
5	Absolutely amazing.  And this from a non-chocolate lover.  The prices were very good for an upscale bistro located in the Caesar's Palace Forum Shops.  The Sunday Pasta and the Risotto were wonderful.  So were the cocktails, both chocolate and non.  But, the best had to be the dessert.  Chocolate eggrolls, with peanuts, bananas, and two different chocolate dipping sauces.
5	Chocolate heaven ! I want to go back to Vegas just to eat here!
4	I really like this place. It's pricey which is why I can't totally give it 5 stars. But if given an opportunity to be on the Strip near Caesar's with kids... I'd come here.The grilled cheese sandwich for kids has the sandwich triangles skewered into a tower which I thought was cute. The sliders were yummy and the hot chocolate is very good. Onion rings are tasty. The house cocktails are fun and I always leave with a small tin of chocolate pecans. Great gifts though they just raised the price of the chocolate syringes 20%. You'll feel it in your wallet when you come here but it'll still taste so sweet.
5	Oh DAYUM!  I've died and gone to chocolate heaven!  If you do NOT enjoy chocolate nor the fancy presentation that will come with it, you probably won't feel like you've died and gone to chocolate heaven :).Yes, the prices seem up there because you think, it's just chocolate.  Let me tell you, it's not JUST chocolate here!  Honey and I came here thinking they only served desserts.  They actually offer real food!  We were so bummed because we were searching for a place to eat brunch and couldn't find anything appealing.  Next time we are definitely going to check out their non chocolate offerings because not only did everything on the menu sound delish (fancier offerings than your basic breakfast), we witnessed people eating and we were looking at their food with longing.We had already eaten and honey is not a real fan of just eating sweets so it was all on me.  The pressure!I first ordered a drink to try.  Ha!  These aren't just drinks...they're an adventure!  My $7.50 Mocha Frappe (milk chocolate truffle and espresso shot) was offered in their Alice "Drink Me" cup with the metal straw.  The metal straw kept my very thick mocha cold to the last yummy drop.  It wasn't overly sweet so I was able to finish it.  He thought I was going to get sick finishing that and eating a dessert.  I did prove him wrong thank you very much!  Okay, I did feel a bit nauseous later but I would do it all again in a heartbeat.I ordered the Chocolate Surprise Tiramisu.  The lady fingers were espresso soaked and sitting in extremely thick cognac mascarpone cream.  So thick was the cream that your lady fingers would break in half when you pulled them out.  You had to use a spoon to eat the lady fingers with the cream.  The chocolate truffle surprise was a warm gooey thick chocolate drink in the cutest mini glass pitcher.  I felt like a giant Alice drinking it.  Thinly sliced ripe strawberries were given as a taster in a teeny Chocolate overkill?  Yes, yes it was.  Their mini gift shop is in the same restaurant space.  I wanted to buy it all!  The hug mug and alice cup are the 2 items I'm going to indulge in buying next time.  I regret not buying them when I was there MDW.Oh Max, how I miss thee!
5	So a good friend takes me here for my first time anddd omgahhh! Soo good! I've only been here once and I love it already...i got the brenner burger and added mushrooms :) sooo good! And dont even get me started with their fries! lol they're fries are criss cut looking with seasoning! I loveee seasoned fries! :) kinda in small serving so I do recomend getting an extra order if you're a fries fan!(ask for chocolate ranch too! I know right?lol) I do believe they are most famous for their deserts. My friend got the hazelnut shake and its sooo delish! I got the chocolate shake and it has little bits of chocolate. Ahhhh! Party in my mouth! Lol sooo good! its located inside the forum shops at ceasers palace. And I will mosdef come again with a empty stomach :)
5	if you love chocolate, don't forget to stop by max brenner at caesar's palace in the forum shops! the restaurant was soo cute!!! chocolate filled the air once you walk in.for my lunch i ordered the grilled chicken panini which was soo flavorful. the chicken was cooked perfectly and the cheese really gave the panini a different taste. more of a kick! the waffle fries were cooked perfectly and sprinkled with spices and coco powder. YUM!!! ok... the best part... DESSERT!!!!there were several people at the table so I got to sample a few different desserts. i personally ordered the banana split waffle which was pretty much like a orgasm in your mouth! NO JOKE! the waffle was cooked perfectly and was a little on the thicker side, like a cake. it was topped with sugared bananas, vanilla ice cream, choco rice krispies, caramel and hot chocolate sauce... OMG! YES! i also had a bite of the heart shaped souffle... it was rich and oozing with chocolate goodness inside... plus the presentation of all the desserts were phenomenal.for sure when im in vegas, ill make sure to stop by.
4	Dropped by for a quick snack before dinner and ended up sharing the mushroom burger. It came with a portobello mushroom intend of a beef patty which was insanely juicy and delicious. The waffle fries were addicting and the dipping sauce sealed the deal for this quick meal. Waffle fries were dusted with chili and cocoa powder, yum-o! Gotta go back to try their unique desserts!
3	I didn't try much here...but I am a major fan of chocolate...more like an addict.  I thought the whole concept of a chocolate restaurant/store was fabulous.  I had a drink with coffee, chocolate, and kahlua...a Mocha Madness.  It came in one of those stemless martini glasses that sit in the glass of ice.  It was delicious.  We were just taking a break from shopping, but I would love to go back when I had a bit more time.  They have all things chocolate...coffees, cocktails, hot chocolate, fondues, desserts...as well as food items.
3	I waited a little while to try this place because I'm not the biggest chocolate fan. Originally I was determined to have the churros with fondue, but UNFORTUNATELY they were out. So instead I ordered the banana tempura with chocolate fondue and toffee sauce. And my friend ordered the waffle fires and the lemonade granita. Banana fondue- This came in a Chinese take out box, my initial reaction was this entire thing was filled, but I noticed it was only half filled because the bottom half they filled with paper. I was a little irritated by this. However this is a classy restaurant where big portions do not exist. The texture of the breading on the banana was pretty crunchy, nice coat of panko bread crumbs, while the inside was the smooth soft warm banana. There were also 2 sliced strawberries on the side, which was nice to dip in the chocolate fondue and the toffee sauce was a better dip for the tempura banana. Waffle fies- this was quite good. Nice and crisp. Powered with coco powered and came with a sauce. My friend and I both loved it. Lemonade Granita- It looked good in the picture and Misti also recommended it. This tasted like a mint drink with lemon. Honestly, it was like drinking a plant with ice. We both thought it was disgusting. Too much mint and there was only a hint of lemonade. The service felt kinda weird and they sat us at a little round table, which we thought was only for coffee drinking costumers? Although I do like the next contrast of the browns and mochas, as if you're walking inside the office of the Willy Wonka Factory. Overall it was an ok experience.
4	After going to a fabulous CMYE event here last year, I finally made it back to Max Brenner for lunch !We had a pizza, mac and cheese, philly sliders, and risotto. All were HUGE portions, and we had way too much food. Everything was tasty, but nothing ground breaking. Just nice bar food. We were too stuffed for dessert, but we were still able to find room for liquid desserts (I can ALWAYS find room for liquid dessert!). We had the mocha madness - kahlua, espresso, and dark and white chocolates. YUM. I'm going to go out on a limb here and declare this the tastiest chocolate beverage I've had to date. Great way to finish a meal!Great service, cute atmosphere. The savory foods are decent, but the sweet things are where this place shines.
5	Went in expecting good desserts and ate some of the best food we had in Vegas. Grilled chicken panini and turkey burger were wonderful.  I could not wait to go to this restaurant for chocolate and by the time I finished our meal I was in the mood for cheese cake instead.  It was very good.  My husband's peanut butter sundae was delicious.
4	If you are a chocolate and sugar addict like I am this is the place for you. I was so happy they have a location in Vegas outside of their NYC location. Its located inside the Forum shops at Cesars Palace. I came here for lunch with my friends. My friend and I split the Brenner burger with Kobe beef and Bacon. The burger was really good. They only give you like 5 pieces of waffle fries though...Its pretty pricey here, but then again it is Vegas and it is located on the strip so I guess it is expected. The highlight of my meal was the Chocolate chip and Walnut cookie!!!! Best cookie ever! this says a lot since I am very picky about certain cookies and I think most cookies are gross. It was huge and served hot and fresh. I was way too full to get other desserts, but next time I will for sure. Everything on their menu looks and sounds amazing!
4	Max Brenner was definitely one of my favorite meals in Vegas and I am so grateful that we stumbled upon it in Caesars. I got the Seasons of the Sea burger... it was a HUGE salmon fillet, with great fixings such as caramelized onions and a chipotle mayo. The butter bun melted in my mouth, as did the chili and cocoa powder fries. I was soooo full after this meal, but it was well worth it. I do wish there was more fries, even though I was full, but only because I feel like a $14 burger for lunch should get a little more. My sister enjoyed the mac'n'cheese. It came in this cute little skillet and it was crispy ooey goodness. Also came with a jar of marinara to spice up this classic dish.
4	The chocolate bald man dude guy strikes back! I've been meaning to go back to this place ever since our supremely awesome CMYE Chocoholiday last year. I've been a few times (as my check-ins reveal) to purchase gift items, such as their chocolate-filled syringes, but I haven't been back to dine in. I finally had my chance last night as we sought out a dessert destination to satiate our post-Hot n Juicy appetites.If there's one thing you can say about the bald man, it's that he sure knows how to make a dish look purty. I mean, Crystal Sugar Churros Fondue, Chocolate Chunks Pizza - it all sounds pretty delicious to begin with. But the way those desserts come out to your table, they're just a work of art.I'll be honest. I'm not a huge fan of how the churros are prepared. I want a plain churro that actually looks like a churro. To me, the churro is merely a vessel for the chocolate. I don't need it to be covered in sugar, but I do need it to have the deep grooves on the side by which it will receive the chocolate and transport it to my mouth. Partial fail on that.On the other hand, the pizza was delectable. I'd name more dishes, but I really don't remember what everyone ordered. All I know is that this place beats Serendipity3 hands down. Serendipity is still my favorite rom-com, but Max Brenner is the better choice for not-so-cheap chocolate indulgence.
5	OMG!!!  The hot chocolate was heaven.  We were in Las Vegas for 5 days and we visited this place and we visited this place 3 out of 5.  I'm not a big chocolate fun but the hot chocolate was so good, I had to have it on every visit even when it was 105 outside.  The kids are addicted to the chocolate shots on the syringe.  The pizza was great too but a little too sweet on my taste.  If your a chocoholic, this is the place for you.
5	Hands down my favorite place to eat. I love chocolate, so the surroundings alone have me in a happy mood. The food is delicious, everything I've had so far has been extremely tasty, and probably very unhealthy, but I don't care. It's the type of food that makes you think, "Ah, well, you only live once, right?"  If it's bad, I don't want to be good.I want to try every single thing on their menu. It's hard to do, because I keep revisiting favorites. By the way, you *have* to get the chocolate fondue. Either the tasting for two, or the s'mores one. It's amazingly fun to roast your own marshmallows at the table- I can't believe they trust me with that. I like my marshmallows burnt, so I know I'm probably making them nervous every time I order it. "Oh great, it's the marshmallow pyro again..."I heart you, Max Brenner.
2	Much hype for the chocolate man. Although I'm not a big chocolate person, I figured... I was in Vegas! I'll give it a shot.Because I was unwilling to spend too much money for the food, I chose to get 2 small sliders. I don't remember what they were, but they were just generic sliders. Nothing spectacular.I tried the waffle smothered in chocolate and chocolate bits and ice cream. Syrup Desserts in DTLA is way, way better. All I tasted was chocolate, but no real flavor. The waffle was... bland and lacking.
4	4 stars for solid service, presentation, and quality of food.  I do think that this place is a wee bit overhyped and a bit on the spendy side....however, I thoroughly enjoyed my turkey burger and waffle fries and stuffed myself to the brim with the milk chocolate caramel apple crisp.  Interior is on the dark (chocolate?) side, lots of dark wood and browns throughout the place.  I WANTED to take the 11 pound chocolate bar home with me, but reason prevailed.  Sigh.  Maybe next time.
3	You should probably try this place if you are walking by and might like it, but tastes vary and it was not quite my cup of tea, so everyone should reflect their own tastes to capture the average in the review and I can't be the one to give this place a top rating. I tried one of the shakes (technically some kind of grenada-something not a shake) and a hot chocolate, as I was between meals. The 'shake' was definitely a different style with the character of a raw chocolate powder based icee with rich dark chocolate with a lot of character to it, however it was just quite my thing, not creamy, not melt in your mouth irresistable, just very cold and strong. The hot chocolate was interesting (I would recommend it above the shake) with a very very frothy head to it. Again it was very rich, but I think that combines better with a hot beverage than a cold one, not my favorite but different and interesting. Probably I should not have tried both because they are strong raw chocolate with a lot more power than the usual stuff and I ended up with a headache later, but I did not want to miss the experience. Overall the italian ice at another very well reviewed vegas desert stop was more to my liking, but to each their own. For $5-7 to try a chocolate item though this place will cost you a lot less than most things in vegas though, so it is worth a try to see if it is your thing.
5	Oh man, oh man..OHHHH MANNN. (too much?..OOOHHHH well.)So here I am, reminiscing my trip to L.V..then all of a sudden my taste buds are savoring the chocolaty tastiness of Max Brenner. Which is the reason of me writing a review on it. I went with 3 other people, let's just say we're all very critical and precise when it comes to food.The wait, was..okay the wait was friggin' forever. Prolly 40 minutes or so. HEY I'M NOT A PANSY, I WAS REALLY IMPATIENT AT THE MOMENT OKAY??! Anyways.. they finally called us over..me and my stupid self galloped over to the table gazing at the beautiful bald chocolate man's animated face..I..I mean the menu. Uhh just to confirm when you go there..make sure to order something involving CHOCOLATE. Oh god, most of the people that were surrounding us ordered sandwiches..I mean REALLY?! Sup with that?! We ordered the Classic European Chocolate Fondue, which is enough for two, but we've never tried it, nor know the portion size, so we decided to just order one. I'm not going to create a huge hype for the fondue, since they only served huge sticky mouth watering marshmellows, fresh strawberries and bananas..with thick, sweet, sugary, plentiful white chocolate, milk/dark chocolate..sounds aight? Well it SURE AS HELL WAS! The whole setting was enjoying for us, definitely comin' back for some fondue swag. For the drinks, we ordered a couple o' Mexican Spicy Hot chocolates, and Melting Marshmellow Hot Chocolates. Overall, they were okay. Sweet, and chocolaty, basically. When it comes to the way the place looks, it is pretty relaxing. Nice lighting, ambiance, waiters, smell..oh the smell. Honestly, you will have a nice time, even if the food wouldn't be as good as you thought. Even the bathrooms are stunning. Wow, I'm such a loser. Anyways, if your liddo curious mind is wondering if you should go hurrr, GET TO IT!
5	Orgasmic!!! It's the best dessert experience I've ever had. Ordered the banana waffle dessert and the mint lemonade slush. Both were amazingI plan on stopping in every time I make a trip to Vegas.
4	Die. They have happy hour now and boy is it a good one!$5 sliders (with fries), pizza (the size of those frozen pizzas) & $4 drinks like wine and mojitos.All of which I had. And all of which were delicious. My fave was the Brenner sliders. The ciabatta bread they use makes all the difference.When all the food came, we were super shocked at the size of each item. I was full off the sliders alone.Bartender was super nice and I recommend sitting at the bar, especially for happy hour. When we did, we got all the "mistake" milkshakes and got served faster!
5	We split a HUGE chocolate cookie - it was a dark cookie with dark chocolate ice cream in the middle- OMG so rich, but so delish.  It also came with sides of toffee bits and chocolate sauce so you could add more gooey goodness to your dessert.   This place looks, smells and IS everything chocolate.* IN LOVE *
4	Came here for brunch while visiting Vegas. The atmosphere was simple yet, modern and sophisticated and the service was spot on. Being that I had heard so much about Max Brenner, I felt it was my duty to try some of his famous hot chocolate. So I decided on the Mexican hot chocolate having never had Mexican HC before. I loved it! It had a unique but delicious flavor with a slight kick at the end from the cayenne pepper. For my meal, I decided on something less sweet: The Rosen Deli smoked turkey crepe. It was an egg crepe with swiss cheese, turkey and mushroom inside with a salad on top that consisted of greens, bell peppers and mandarin oranges. The crepe would have been salty if it were not for that salad on top. It was also accompanied by some potato wedges that were seasoned with of all things, cocoa powder and other spices. They were very good. It was a tasty meal but after trying the Cinnamon apple pecan and white chocolate truffle french toast my friend had ordered, I was wishing I had ordered something sweet for my brunch. The french toast was amazing, by far one of the best french toasts I have ever eaten. Lucky for me that my friend only ate half and left me with the remainder. After brunch, we decided to look around at all the chocolates. We were given samples of the chocolate covered pecans which were delicious and I purchased a couple of chocolates to eat while wandering around Ceasars: The toasted coconut and a chocolate with whiskey in it. Both were very good although pricey. I did manage to find a good buy though. It came with two hug mugs (mugs specially designed to hug with your hands when drinking hot chocolate so your hands get warm, two saucers and a tin of hot chocolate all for 25.00. I thought it was not a bad price so I purchased it and plan on making that hot chocolate soon once I am done with the first few phases of my diet. So if you are in Vegas and looking for a decent Brunch, Max Brenner is a great place! Just make sure you order all sweets when you go. You will not regret it and will be in heaven!
5	I came here a few weekends ago with a group of 9 girls for a decadent bachelorette party brunch! This was my second time at Max Brenner and I still can't get over how awesome this place is! You can smell the decadence as soon as you walk into the restaurant!!The restaurant is smack in the middle of The Forum Shops in Cesar's Palace. It's located across from the ginormous H&M. It's a bit of a trek to get to the restaurants, but trust me it's totally worth it!@We got a table upstairs right by the balcony as our group was fairly large. Our server was very attentive and sweet. For drinks, I got the dark chocolate mocha....sooooo amazingly good! I've also had their regular dark hot chocolate before and it definitely doesn't disappoint. Whatever you order, definitely try something from the chocolate drinks menu! My favorite thing besides the delicious chocolatey drinks are the cute and clever cups that the drinks come in. I love their hug mugs as it is made for optimal drinkability and warmth! I even purchased one of the hug mugs so I can repeat the wonderful experience at home!For food, I ordered the Illegal Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate pancakes. OMG!!! If you love chocolate and pancakes, this is the dish for you! The pancakes come with dark chocolate shavings, caramelized bananas, spiced pecans, and more melted white chocolate for drizzling! I was definitely in chocolate heaven after my first bite! I also tried my friend's After Party Belgian Waffle. The strawberry honey and melted white chocolate that are on the waffle are to die for! I also highly recommend the Cinnamon Apple & White Chocolate Truffle Cream French Toast. If you are not a chocolate or sweets person, don't worry, they got plenty of savory dishes to choose from as well. This place is a definite must try if you are in Vegas! Go! Don't miss out!
5	This is the first place I've eaten at in Las Vegas that I want to go back to the very next day.  First I got a free chocolate sample in the store, a chocolate covered praline, and I knew I had to eat here (I liked it better than Vosges which is at the other end of the Forum shops).  Then I got a great whiff of the giant decorative jars of spices and chocolates on the wall...it was like breathing wonderland.  Then my mind boggled at the drinks and dessert menu.  I ordered a burger thinking that if it was ok I'd probably eat half and still be able to have a drink and dessert.  By the time my burger showed up I had settled on a dark hot chocolate to drink.The number of ways this meal went right is astounding.  Crisp, freshly-fried, well-spiced fries and a tasty spicy sauce.  The burger was really amazing.  It had several flavors perfectly balanced: buttery toasted bread, beer battered onion rings (amazing), flavorful burger pattie with grill marks, real chedder, fresh tomato slice and lettuce...and it went very well with the dill pickles on the side.  This burger was the best I've had in a long time, through the amazing composition and attention to details.  I just had to eat (almost) the whole thing and so I didn't have the appetite for a dessert.  The waitress was mostly attentive.  They even give a discount at the shop after your meal.  Everything I saw the servers bring out to the tables looked amazing.It wasn't quite perfect (not comfortable chairs, music a bit too loud, burger was well-done even though they asked me if I was ok with medium, and the hot chocolate was about the consistency of milk (too thin for me)), but for prices on par with the Cheesecake Factory nearby I wish I could bring everyone I know to try it out.
4	Once I found out there was a Max Brenner in Vegas (I've been to the one in NYC many years ago), I knew I had to come here during my visit.For brunch, I ordered the the Huevos Rancheros Sunrise Burrito, Slammin Spicy Chicken Burger, and Chocolate Chunks Pizza (all shared of course, although I probably could've ate it all if I chose to). The burrito and chicken burger were both good, although I thought the burrito could've used more seasoning. Might have just been because there was more egg than anything else. The dessert was the best part! Although it doesn't look like anything special, it tastes great, especially with hazelnut bits and peanut butter.The service was okay. It was pretty slow considering the place wasn't even crowded.There are still so many dishes I'd like to try. Unfortunately, I live too far to frequent this restaurant. There should be a Max Brenner closer to LA.
4	We came here for lunch & dessert. We ordered the following:-Brenner sliders-cobb sliders-sharing tasting for 2The sliders were okay, while the waffle fries were more memorable. The sharing tasting for 2 was soooo good! I loved the banana split waffle & the fondue! I think next time I come here I will skip the food and go straight for the dessert.
5	Wonderful atmosphere, great service.  I've been here a few times, and they have never failed to impress.  DO get dessert, no matter how full you are!!  Food here is scrumptious.  Love the chocolate fondues!  For eats, the pizza is excellent (thin crust).  It even smells like chocolate!  Very fun girls' night out place..
3	Place has AMAZING FOOD! My mom had a Panini, which she said was delicious. I had a Turkey Burger, which was AMAZING! It was super moist, full of flavor and had the most amazing mushrooms on it. Best of all, the waffle cut fries were the best! This restaurant is smack dab in the middle of The Forum Shops. We originally wanted to go to Cheesecake Factory, but the wait was 2 hours long! Max Brenners took us immediately!Only getting three stars because I believe that service truly makes the experience. Our server seemed to help everyone else in our section but us. She took forever to bring us water and get us utensils to eat with. When our food came out, we didn't have any utensils, so we just sat for what seemed like forever. Bottom line, the food is great here. Good food and not bad prices for on the Strip.
5	Wonderful and unique. I loved the chili pepper and coco onion rings!!
3	I love chocolate but the Maxwich and the Smores was just too chocolatey.Service was phenomenal.
5	chocolate heaven must come back for the churros The sampler dish serves more then two, it was a chocolate delight :) and after effect of food coma with a rush of a sugar high
4	4.3 stars! This Place is a MUST if your in caesars. I was bouncing back and forth between a few places and landed on this one based on the chocolate  smell that wafts through forum shops alone. I had a Brenner burger (I added avocado and bacon) it was ABSOLUTELY PHENOMENAL-the meat was juicy-there was a crispy onion ring on top (surprise!)  melted cheddar- wow. The waffle fries and spicy mayo double WOW! Grand Finale! Hug mug with Vanilla cream and  melted chocolate! What a party in my mouth, I was so happy; my inner child was SCREAMING with joy!!!
3	I was excited to try this place because he is known to be the "Chocolate Man", but was a little disappointed. Great food presentation, but the unique taste just wasn't there. Came here for lunch.FOOD ORDEREDLemongrass Tea Infusion - nice set upThai Chicken Satay - Good according to my husbandThe Brenner Burger - okKid's Palace Smiling Pizza - he was supposed to be able to make his pizza, but they didn't even ask..Pure Chocolate Truffle Granita - The best thing we tasted out of everything! Very rich though. Get water.ENVIRONMENTLocated in the Caesar's Palace Forum Shops across from H&M.TIPYou could probably go here instead of the cheesecake factory down the way, NO LINE HERE, food quality about the same.
5	Stop by for a Baileys Oreo milkshake and a cookie, absolutely incredible!
3	I would give the chocolate 5 stars and the regular food 2 stars, so I ended up with 3 for my overall review.  I got a butterscotch shake that was DIVINE!  When we were ordering our lunch food, the waitress boasts to us that she has never had complaints about the food ever.  That was a bad sign.  Turns out we were her "first ever" complaints.  Or so she said.  A few of us ordered the Max Brenner burger.  We requested medium when asked how we want them cooked.  I ended up with a super dry burger that was charred on the outside.  I should have shelled out the extra $2 for the kobe beef because my friend said that although hers was overcooked, it was still juicy.  Mine was completely devoid of juiciness.  The waitress did comp one of the burgers when my friend complained, but I can't imagine she would have comped them all, so I stayed silent.  I was so full from the shake that I didn't bother finishing my burger.  Also, the BBQ sauce is non-existant on the burger, so make sure to request extra.  So disappointing for a $15 burger!  I will only come back for the sweets when I return to Vegas.
4	Stopped by here walking around the forum shops.  We were drawn in by the display outside with various chocolate drinks and the chocolate served in a jello shot syringe...but decided we weren't impressed with the offerings in the front facing little shop and kept walking around the corner when we saw the side entrance...and A WALL OF CHOCOLATE TRUFFLES.  Hello my loves, why hide back there?We walked in and were immediately handed a sample of AMAZING chocolate dipped praline pecans dusted in cocoa powder. To. Die. For. The same employee showed us around and explained the different chocolates and truffles and helped us select 9 pieces for a box which is $13.  They wrap it up with a cute bow and you're on your way!I'll definitely be going back here now to try the restaurant next!
5	Chocolate OVer load!!!!This place has chocolate pizzas (a bit pricey at $7) and  Syringes (no needles, also a bit pricey at $7) filled with chocolate! Max Brenner has by far some of the best quality chocolate that I have ever tasted. None of the sometimes tasteless candy bar chocolate you would find in the supermarket, Max Brenner chocolate is very creamy and smooth.Things to try:$7 Chocolate Pizza- A "pizza" with chocolate as sauce and white chocolate sprinkled all over$7 Chocolate Syringe- A plastic "syringe", more like a mini squirt gun you can squirt chocolate into your mouth.
4	OK, So I'm sitting at work last Friday afternoon when my friends decide to do a spontaneous one day Vegas trip. We rush home, pack, pick up 3 bottles of Goose and some chasers, and we hit the road. We get to Vegas party it up, and get up early morning to get brunch at Max Brenner before he head back to LA.We were all very excited to to try it out. We had all heard good things about the food. I ordered the Kobe Burger and Fruit Smoothie. Both were good. Unfortunately I was still a little hung over from the night before to completely enjoy my food. I also tried a small piece of the Chocolate Pizza, and it was delicious!I definitely enjoyed my experience at Max Brenner despite the fact that I wasn't completely 100%. I can't wait to try it again....this time sober! ;)
5	The satisfaction guaranteed is an amazing chocolatey cocktail with a beautiful presentation and delicious taste.  The service is really nice. I liked the white corn croquettes and the waffle fries were amazing. When one of our salmon dishes was ever so slightly undercooked (not by my standards but by my friend's standard) they gave us a new dish and didn't charge us for the dish! I was so full I didn't have enough room for dessert. I gotta come back again!
5	I just returned from another trip to Las Vegas, and another DELICIOUS lunch at Max Brenner. It was such a relief that I talked this place up SO highly to my friends who had never been, and they totally delivered.We ordered a crap load of food and shared:White Corn Croquettes: Sweet, crunchy and AMAZING. My only complaint is that there weren't enough. Black and Tan beer-battered Onion rings with a cocoa ranch: Sounds wierd, but that cocoa ranch was freaking amazing!!Cocoa dusted Waffle fries: Still a favorite. Dipping sauce is perfectly spicy. Pillow panini: Tons of beef, crispy bread and gigantic!Macaroni and cheese: THE BEST DISH EVER. THE BEST MACARONI AND CHEESE EVER. Every girl at the table went ape-*&^% for this mac and cheese. Creamy, cheesy, crunchy, hot marinera adds SO MUCH. Bread crumbs perfectly toasted. Good god its amazing. We all ended the meal with hot chocolates. My toffee hot chocolate was good, but by far the best was the Mexican hot chocolate. Perfect amount of spice and sweetness. A++++++THANK YOU MAX BRENNER!
4	Save room for dessert.  I mean it.  Or hell, just go for the dessert.  Or, you can go to Max Brenner for dinner and return later for dessert, which is exactly what we did.  We started off the evening with the white corn croquettes, black and tan onion rings, and the grilled asparagus crepe.  The croquettes were crispy on the outside and nice and creamy on the inside.  It was a wonderful contrast.  The onion rings were tasty, but not really anything special.  On paper, they sounded interesting and unique (black and tan beer battered vidalia onion rings with a chocolate ranch dressing), but in the end, they were just onion rings, albeit pretty good ones.  The crepe was rich and cheesy, and big enough to share.We didn't save room for dessert, but not to worry, because we'd already planned to return for it later.  The dessert menu looked fabulous, but since we were Max Brenner virgins, we decided to go with the Tasting for Two.  It came with the banana split waffle, fondue, chocolate sponge cake, milk and white chocolate bark, a crispy chocolate eggroll, chocolate wafers, and chocolate sauce.  It was decadent and delicious, and we thoroughly enjoyed it.
5	If you love chocolate, this place is a MUST!! While visiting our family in Las Vegas recently, my sister took us out to lunch at this place! The food, service, and location were all excellent. It was so great, we went here twice during our stay. The second time I became adventurous and had a half order of their chocolate pizza w/ the works. Suffice it to say that I was in chocolate heaven. I could've downed a whole pizza by myself I think!! Oh, my lunch was great too! Just be sure to save room for dessert!! So if you happen to find yourself wandering around the Forum Shops in Caesar's Palace, go to Max Brenner's for a chocolate break. You won't be disappointed.
5	After seeing Max Brenner's chocolate pizza on Best Thing I Ever Ate, I had to come here. I was not disappointed. My friend and I ordered the full pizza w/ works and a chocolate peanut butter milkshake. He also ordered chicken strips, which he was a fan of. When we ordered, my waitress recommended we get the pizza without the works, since she said the banana and peanut butter feel unnecessary when you eat it. I love banana and peanut butter so I didn't take her advice. After having had the pizza, I think she was right. I would have much rather just had the chocolate and the marshmallows - they were more than enough. Nevertheless, the pizza was orgasmic, and I cannot wait until I have it again. Next time, I also want to try a chocolate chip cookie.The shake was cool and refreshing - I wouldn't say it was the best shake I've ever had, but it was solid.Our waitress was amazing - I think her name was Roxanne!
4	I love chocolate, so I foung my pot of gold at Max Brenner. I have been here several times and must say I have never been disappointed. The monte crisco, onion rings, sliders, waffles, are to die for. the drinks are amazing! I can't wait till my next visit!
5	Best SLIDERS EVER. Everyone in the restaurant was really attentive and paid attention. Our server, I think her name was Roxanne, was really nice, and after asking her for a million things, she was still super cool. The chocolate is amazing, and also try the Fries!! Some come with the sliders, but we asked for a side because they were so good, they kind of look like toasted waffles..All in all great food, people are attentive and price was reasonable for the food.
5	Where do I begin? There was a wide selection of drinks and desserts. I came here mainly to try their desserts. I had the banana split waffle and the dark hot chocolate in a hug mug. The concept of the hug mug was interesting. I felt weird cupping my hands together to hold a cup. I felt like a kid. The banana split waffle was pretty quite. The waffle was not as great as I thought it would be. BUT, the bananas and whatever toppings they put on top was so good. In fact, the chocolate crisps on the side was so good that I bought a bag of those home. I didn't know they sell the topping like that. Service was okay, a tad bit slow, but friendly staff. I will definiely come back to fulfill my chocolate crisps craving.
5	Deep inside Ceasar's Palace there is an awesome chocolately place dubbed Max Brenner. Whoever he is... he did good! We were aimlessly walking and the chocolate pizza and cookie milkshake (I think?) sucked us in. The milkshake had white chocolate in it... smooth, creamy and tasted just like a cookie. The guy making it was pretty awesome too! He showed us all the stuff that went into the shake and had a great sense of humor. We got to talking about how the employees had to try the first slice of every pizza to ensure it's oh-so-goodness... I, of course, said I would be happy to try! I was joking, but he pulled out a slice, cut it up and we were swarmed by people wanting to taste the chocolate pizza. It exceeded my expectations... that thing was awesome! Pizza dough and some good old chocolate slathered on top. YUM! This is a place I will HAVE to come back to when I go to Vegas. I'd love to dine in their restaurant as well! :) Gosh, thinking about it makes my tummy grumble!
4	On my last day in Vegas , I was just wandering through the Forum Shops at Caesars and when I saw Max Brenner's I realized I had not tried anything there all week. What was I thinking? This was on my To Do List before arrival and I almost deprived myself of chocolate heaven! So, I went and ordered myself a slice of chocolate pizza and I was not disappointed one bit. The chocolate was just the perfect balance of sweetness vs bitterness. The crust was just thin enough, yet still chewy enough as well. The slice could maybe have been a bit bigger. But for $7 and an energy boost which I needed to keep me awake for my 11:30pm flight I won't be greedy. I know I won't wait until my last day in Vegas to eat there next time in their sit-down restaurant to try something from their menu and save room for more Chocolate Pizza for dessert. I would have given it 5 stars but there was no one at the take-out counter to take my order and a small crowd grew before someone finally showed up to serve us.
4	Thank you Max Brenner for putting me in my place. After all the smack talking I do about chain restaurants, it is nice to find one that snaps back. I took my sister here for restaurant week and we had a stellar lunch. I am still reeling from what a great deal we received. For $20.11 we got a three course meal with options. We ended up getting two meals and splitting everything. The first course was a Mediterranean dip and pita. You get a choice of Babaganoush, Hummus, or Roasted Eggplant. I ordered the last of the three options and it came with eight pieces of pita and some roasted bell pepper. It was thoroughly enjoyable. My sister got the Caesar Salad and it had massive chunks of avocado in it. The dressing could have used some anchovies or more citrus, but eating the salad without any dressing was just as good.Second course was the entree. I ordered the BBQ burger with onion rings, tomato, and lettuce. My sister got the Most Awesome Tuna Salad Sandwich (their name) and it lived up to it's name. The crumbled BBQ potato chips mixed in does give it a unique flavor and texture. Sometimes you just have to ask if they were high when they came up with this stuff. Both came with a small serving of waffle cut fries. The serving was beyond generous. Now for the best part of the meal. Desserts are were Max Brenner truly shine. The Banana Tempura Fondue was fried to golden perfection. It kept its texture well, but even after drowning it in caramel and milk chocolate. The Chocolate Pizza with Hazelnuts and Bananas was too much. In the end, we packed a few boxes and called it a day.If given the option, sit outside in the courtyard, because it is a great place to people watch.
4	After the Yelp Chocoholiday, I have been itching to try this place again. I finally made the trek over during Restaurant Week for lunch.I came here with my coworker and fellow Yelper Stacy A. We made reservations just in case and although it wasn't busy when we arrived it was packed soon after. I had the Chicken, Bacon and Cheddar Rolls, the Spicy Tuna Sandwich and the Chocolate Pizza with toffee, banana and chocolate to end. Stacy A had had the Mediterranean Trio, Burger and Chocolate Pizza with toffee, peanut butter and chocolate. Our starters and the desserts were the standouts here. Not surprising for a place that specializes in chocolate, the desserts were amazing and I look forward to coming back to try more of them soon! I only wish the crush of the pizza was a little more cooked. It was a little on the doughy side, which I'm not partial to. The appetizers were delicious. The Mediterranean dish was probably my favorite. It was a pretty good size and the flavors were great. My appetizer was delicious as well. Not really what I was expecting, but I guess I don't really know what I was expecting. Crazy good though, despite it's tiny portion. My sandwich was very basic. Again, not exactly what I was expecting but still tasty. I wish I had ordered the burger instead as that looked very appetizing. It was a huge tower of a burger with onion rings and their special BBQ on top. Both our meals came with their special crisscut fries which were spicy and delicious!!!Overall, great experience and I'm glad I finally got to check it out for a meal instead of just an event. Service was a little wonky, but I think it was just our server who seemed a little nervous and unsure of herself, still very friendly and helpful. Definitely a great place for a small snack, dessert or meal. They also have happy hour, which I'm intrigued by. Prices aren't too bad either for a casino dining.
4	Yum! We were strolling around fairly hungry and couldn't find much that appealed to our tastes at the moment. Out popped this place and it looked reasonable... we took our seats at the bar (which is pretty tiny) and ordered a couple drinks and a couple appetizers from the happy hour menu.The drinks were super sweet... we had one that tasted like a snickers bar and another that tasted like raspberry cream, both delicious but both extremely sweet. Presentation was neat, too.We had the Brenner burgers and the buffalo chicken sliders, both tasty and arriving with a couple awesome waffle fries. Also got the potato skins which were pretty decent.Overall, a tasty place and a cool atmosphere. Wouldn't sit at the bar next time unless feeling cheap because it was not all that comfortable. The bartender was nice, though.
5	This place is insane. I once ate here weekly for a month. I couldn't help it. Everything I've ever had here has been amazing. The ice cream bars, the banana tempura fondue, the banana split latte, the BALT. Everything. It's all amazing. While the service is sometimes a bit off, it never matters. As long as the chocolate is there I don't care. The restaurant even LOOKS like chocolate. There are pipes all around leading to the bar which has large tubs of milk, white, and dark chocolate. I've wondered if anyone has ever stupidly tried to break those pipes open. P.S. If you're going to come to Max Brenner, you MUST get something with chocolate in it. It makes me sad when I see people come in and order just a salad and a water. It makes me want to force feed them chocolate. Come here to indulge!
4	This will be my review of my Restaurant Week 2011 experience with Max Brenner.I made my reservation for a lunch at MB with my mother. I truly wanted to take her out for Restaurant Week and seeing that MB had a yummy sounding cheeseburger I knew it would be right up my mother's alley. We arrived about 10 minutes before our reservation and we were seated promptly at a very, very small table for two. The table was just... small. I don't know what to make of it. That's the main reason I'm not giving a 5-star rating. Especially considering the large plating options they use here I just wonder who thought such a small table was appropriate for dining? Drinking lattes, sure, but for full-blown meals? No way!Our server seemed delighted that we would be taking part in their RW menu, she asked if we wanted wine, but my mother and I both declined and got Ice Teas instead. Once we took a look at the menu, it was obvious we would each order something different and share. So, with that being said, the following is what my mother and I ate:Crispy Spice Dusted Pita Chips with Creamy HummusChicken, Bacon & Cheddar RollsThe Brenner Burger: Max's secret barbeque sauce, lettuce, tomato, cheddar & vidalia onion ring on top, came with waffle fries, dipping sauce, and picklesThe Unforgettable Spicy Tuna Salad Sandwich: tomato, lettuce, pickled jalapenos, crushed bbq chips brushed with cilantro & avocado mayo also came with waffle fries, dipping sauce, and picklesChocolate Chunks Pizza (1/2 serving) with hazelnuts and roasted marshmallows/Banana Tempura Fondue: warm & crispy banana bites, pure milk chocolate dip, toffee sauce The hummus and roasted peppers that came with the pita chips were very good and the peppers were an excellent addition. The burger was delicious. I can't compliment the chefs here enough on how well they cooked the burger to my mother's specifications, medium well. The spicy tuna salad sandwich I think I could eat everyday and it has practically changed my mind about tuna sandwiches all together. If every restaurant could make tuna like that, I would eat it every time I go out.I felt as though the pizza was not as good as it is hyped up to be. The dough/bread was the downfall for me. Yes, it is clever and cute, but when it comes to taste - meh. I personally think everyone should go with the fondue! Because the banana tempura was out of this world! I will definitely be going back to Max Brenner to eat off their regular menu now. Plus I want to have a milkshake and other desserts! Overall this was a great experience.
4	Dessert ReviewThe huge warm chocolate chip and walnut cookie was calling to me. I could smell it from far away and the best $5 I spent that day. Crunchy on the edges and soft/warm/chewy on the outside.
4	YUMMMMMMY!Went here for LUNCH for Restaurant Week.... Made reservations and was promptly seated.  The table was a bit on the small side but I think maybe this adds to the ambiance... upscale, coffee/hot chocolate shop.... that just happens to serve full meals.Service: excellentThe gal was really nice and fun to talk to ... there were also several other people serving us too so it was "full service".Food: excellentWhat we ordered:APPS-  Pita with eggplant dip and roasted red pepper.... the eggplant dip had a sweetness to it that we were not expecting ... really complemented the warm savory perfectly seasoned pita slices.  The BEST pita slices ever!-  Bacon, Chicken, Cheese rolls... these are not "rolls" in the bread sense... these are savory, meaty, yumminess.... bacon rolled around chicken in a light cheese sauce-  SW Caesar salad.... lots of ripe chunks of avocados!  a little too much dressing though... but the avocadosMAIN- Brenner Burger.... JUICY AWESOME-NESS! It's served Medium... and it comes out perfect!  The bun is fantastic too.... not too bready and not hard or dense... soft and fluffy. I took home 1/2 home so I could enjoy it again tomorrow.-  Spicy Tuna sandwich... this is NOT your typical tuna sandwich... this is meaty and has a nice flavor with a bit of heat... the pickled jalapenos in the sandwich are oddly good. DESSERT:-  the chocolate pizza with hazelnuts and peanut butter.... the pizza crust is a bit on the 'heavy' / 'thick' bread-y side.... I would prefer this to be a bit thinner.... other than that... this is a sweet, chocolate-y dessert... it is a decadent dessert.... that would go really well with coffee or a glass of milk-  tempura banana fondue.... i like bananas and this was perfect... not greasy, not heavy... light and sweet but not overly sugary... and a really nice way to end a really great lunchBEVERAGES:They have some fantastic adult libations on the menu... however because it was lunch time... we stuck to Peach iced tea which is really refreshing.... and I don't like Peach.  The only drawback is that the Peach iced tea does NOT come with refills.  But the regular iced tea does... so I got the Peach iced tea to start and then had it refilled with regular.Menu: excellentThe RW menu was a good indicator of what this place offers.Now, I want to go back and try more.The Store:Lots of great gift ideas and Lots of yummy chocolate options... all different kinds of chocolate...dark, milk, white... with all kinds of different add-ins... plus milkshake and hot chocolate mixes.  If you have a choco-holic that you need to find a gift for... this place has a plethora of unique and fabulous options.
5	My friends & I completely agreed when it came to rating this place 5 stars. Every single item we had was absolutely delicious!!!We ordered:Mediterranean trio pita with hummusGreek style cucumber saladSouthwest Caesar saladSpicy tuna salad sandwichChocolate chunks pizza with marshmallows and hazelnutChocolate chunks pizza with peanut butter and hazelnutEverything was superb and I would go back to this place in a heartbeat!!!! A definite must if you're in Vegas!
5	Dear. Baby. Jesus. This is the best restaurant I have ever been to. The white chocolate apple french toast (forget the exact name of it) nearly made me weep. I wanted to sit there for the rest of my life and try every item on the menu.  The tortilla of my boyfriend's breakfast wrap was made out of tomatoes.  TOMATOES.  HOW DOES THAT HAPPEN?? If there was a natural disaster/biochemical warfare/zombie apocalypse and I had to pick one place to barricade myself and my loved ones, it would be Max Brenner.  Or maybe Costco.  I haven't decided.In the near future I plan on writing Congress and petitioning them to pass a mandate that demands Max Brenners to be built in every major city of the United States.I think they put drugs in their mocha cappuccinos.
3	It is reasonably priced, but the food is more like a Chili's.  It was good for the price. Wait staff was also very friendly and attentive.
5	We've only been here 2 times and already the bartender remembered us.  My girlfriend and I stopped by for some late night Happy Hour prior to catching a show at the Cosmo.  The trip to Max Brenner sucked since we were walking there from the Cosmo in uncomfortable shoes... I knew I should've worn some Adidas!  When we got there, the place was packed!  Not a surprise, since it was happy hour.  We had to sit at the very end of the bar, which wasn't very comfortable.  The server was really attentive though.  The moment the group of girls on our left side exited, she cleaned off the bar top for us and had us scoot down so we could be more comfy.  Pros: * Super cheap happy hour.  $5.00 drinks and if its not on the menu, they can make it for you (as long as they have the alcohol.. .which they probably do). * Waffle Fries !!!! * Attentive service and very nice ambiance * Flat screens at the bar and is usually on Sports Channels for all you sport fans. * They have a little Chocolate shop next to the bar. Cons: * located inside Caesar's, which can actually be a plus (shopping and food in one stop), but when you are coming strictly for Brenner's, you have to find a parking spot and walk through the casino, etc. to get there.  Good thing we just walked this time. * Food portions are pretty small, but surprisingly filling... It's gotta be the alcohol!* We didn't try it this time, but we did our first visit: Banana Tempura Fondue.  It sounds good right?  I was thinking something along the lines of a deep fried ice cream (like you can get at some Japanese Restaurants), but that was not the case.  The Banana itself was all mushy.  My gf and I are pretty daring with food and the textures of food doesn't bother us much, but this one was just a no-go!  It tasted like mush doused with sugar.  I liked the idea and am a fan of Bananas, Tempura, and Fondue.  This particular menu though is an epic fail.  The sliders are amazing.  You get 2 sliders per order and comes with some waffle fries, which are basically crisscut fries.  You can get a pretty good buzz going and satisfy your late night cravings for a pretty decent price at Max Brenner's.  It's hard to find a decent happy hour on the strip.  This is definitely one of my favorite Las Vegas Strip Happy Hours!Tips: * Ask for a side of Chocolate Ranch for your fries and sliders!  Bomb! * Don't be shy to ask the Bartender about the different drinks they offer.  Also ask them for recommendations.  They are super friendly and helpful when it comes to that. * Say no to Drugs and Banana Tempura Fondue-due * Be adventurous when it comes to your alcohol here.. they have lots to offer.  i'd share some of my favorites with you, but honestly I can't remember the names LOL * come with a pen in hand.  Why you ask.. Because the napkins are graced with doodle of Max Brenner's head.  During out wait my girlfriend had a genius idea to draw on him.  The drawing we came up with were hilarious!!  She's so fun !!!!
4	I am impressed, Max Brenner. You put my hipster, obscure tendencies to shame. With Restaurant Week drawing to an end, my brother and I decided to participate at least once before he left the city. When he suggested Max Brenner, all I remember thinking was "Really? How mainstream, David." Well, I was wrong.For $20.11 (clever, by the way.), lunch was coma-inducing. I ordered the Southwest Caesar salad, the Most Orgasmic Tuna Sandwich Ever (not really named that, but should have been), and a Chocolate Pizza for dessert. For only a pretty Jackson, that was so much food. Jesus! My Caesar salad was basic - romaine, avocado, tomato, a Parmesan crisp and a chipotle dressing. It was quite a portion, enough to fill me up for the rest of the meal. Nothing too spectacular other than the fact that every bite was avocado-laden, rendering the dressing unnecessary.The Tuna sandwich was seriously some good eats. Real tuna, lettuce, onion, and barbeque chips?!?! I must agree with my brother - whoever made that was probably high. But I loved every bite of it.Lastly, I ordered the Chocolate Pizza with hazelnut bits and banana. It was good, but after watching the show "The Best Thing I Ever Ate: Pizza", it definitely didn't live up to the hype I expected.  Thank goodness for Restaurant Week. It definitely broke my hipster notions of mainstream chain restaurants. It also definitely broke my caloric intake for the week.
3	A couple of friends in the group had come to Max Brenner before and highly suggested that we eat here. The food was decent for the price. We got a bunch of different plates to share like the risotto, artichoke dip, wedge fries and mac and cheese. Overall the food was worth the price. This place is obviously known for its deserts/chocolate. The milkshakes were to DIE for. The only reason why I wouldn't go back is that the service was painfully slow and our server was extremely rude. We would try getting her attention multiple times as she walked right by us but she was too involved with her conversation w/ another worker that she walked by about 4x before noticing us. When she finally walked over she goes "Yes?" and stands there staring at us like we interrupted her. When we asked for boxes she boxes only 3 of our plates and brings out a box for me asking "You're ok boxing this yourself right?". It took over a hour for the food to come out and water/sodas were never refilled. The place wasn't busy either.. it was a Sunday about 2pm. Just awful service.
4	HELLOOOO CHOCOLATE MAN!  ;)Came here to for the typical late Vegas lunch.  Really convenient since we were shopping in the Forum Shops that afternoon.  Since we were at a place dedicated to chocolate, we had to order one of their specialty drinks!  So we got the Italian thick hot (dark) chocolate.  I've never had a richer smoother creamier hot chocolate...it was like a quality dark chocolate bar in liquid form.  Amazing and very addicting!  It comes in this innovative mug that has a tear-shaped opening so that there is a tip/spout that you drink from -- I assume it prevents a mess from being created?  And their food was also really good! We shared the pita chips (warm toasted/crispy outside, soft chewy inside = DELICIOUS!) with the eggplant dip, chicken tenders, spicy tuna salad sandwich, and the banana tempura fondue.  Watch out for the banana tempura...it's not really made with tempura batter (it's more fine and grainy, but still crispy) and the banana lump inside is very soft and creamy, and not the usual firmer banana texture you might expect. Everything was still very much beyond what we expected and their portions were generous (kinda spoiled our dinner later! haha).  We were thoroughly impressed.  And to top things off, we didn't know it was restaurant week in Las Vegas, so the pita chips, sandwich, and banana tempura were together only $20.11.  What a steal!The service could have been more pleasant and personable, but maybe it was just an off-day.  We will likely return to try more of their menu items...and more chocolate stuff of course!  Oh there's even a small shop in the restaurant that sells their chocolate treats =)
4	I Love their Cookie Shake! Everytime I visit Caesars Palace I have to get a Cookie Shake.. its delicious!Now I don't really think the food at Max Brenner is all that great but it is cute to get a dessert with a group of friends and just do something different with chocolate.
3	MEDIOCRE-this was our first time here.... we were celebrating our sons 10th bday. We ordered the brenner sliders, buffalo chicken sliders, fish tacos, & spinach dip. It was good. My 6yr old ordered from the kids menu. The kids menu is a RIPOFF!!!! It cost more than our sliders and a lot smaller!! She ordered pasta w/ butter & parm cheese that came in a small cup $9. It is a VERY small portion. No sides or anything. We ordered the banana split waffle, which was mediocre. For a $14 banana split waffle, you would think you would at least get more than 1 little scoop of ice cream... the waffle was a little dry/hard...We also ordered 1/2 chocolate pizza w/ banana & hazelnuts. It was ok but as soon as you pick up the pizza, all the toppings slide off. Both my kids had that problem...Before coming here, I did check out other peoples reviews & photos from yelp. i knew what i was going to order. i was really hoping that I would like this place. My 10yr old bday boy even said he thought this place was just ok....disappointed....
5	Talk about chocolate heaven! We went here looking for a chocolate fix and we certainly got it. I tried the banana split waffle ( I don't remember the exact name for it) and the chocolate egg rolls. The banana split waffle has a chocolate syrup you can drizzle on top of the grilled/caramelized banana and waffle. the waffle could have had a better crispy crunchy texture but it wasn't bad. The ice cream on top and rice krispies pieces were a great touch. The chocolate egg roll was fantastic. You get 3 eggrolls and have 2 dipping sauces, chocolate and caramel. The caramel was way too sweet so i stayed with the milk chocolate. Once you bite into the eggroll, be warned that you will make a mess. there's chocolate that will ooze ooze out. there's banana and peanuts inside. the peanuts remind me of thai peanut sauce so you have the savory with the sweet. But overall fantastic!. I wanted to try the chocolate pizza and OMG cookie but didn't get to. I'm sure they will be excellent
4	Dear Mr. Chocolate,Why are you so delicious? I could eat you up any time of day :) Your white chocolate hot chocolate in the hug mug warms my hands and warms my heart. And the chocolate pizza with the works fulfills my sweet tooth cravings. You are super addicting and I'm sad that you are 4 hours away from me but I shall be back!
3	If you like chocolate you are in for a treat (pun intended).  The over-the-top choclatyness of this place gets overwhelming fast but if you pace yourself and keep your portions small it's worth the indulgence of wallet and diet.
5	I had probably the most SWEETEST lunch ever at Max Brenner, LITERALLY!  Pizza and a Shake.  Or rather, to be specific, a Chocolate Pizza with Crushed Hazelnuts, Roasted Marshmallows, Peanut Butter, and Bananas along with a Hazelnut Milkshake.  Did that get your attention??I first caught note of Max Brenner's Chocolate Pizza on yelp when I saw some really delicious, though crazy looking pics.  Then I saw it on Food Network when Aaron Sanchez introduced it as the "Best Pizza He Ever Ate."  After watching that episode, I knew I had to give it a try.Take a look at this nice sugary masterpiece (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=p4-bezAdD6Ch_AIyAmMpww).  At first I didn't know how to attack it whether to eat it like a regular pizza or just knife and fork it.  I ended up eating it with my hands because it was more fun that eating that way.  First bite was OMGYUM!!!   Chocolate bliss with all those sweet toppings!  What amazed me was how it almost that that same texture as eating a regular pizza.  The Roasted Marshmallows were like melted cheese and the Bananas had that mushroomy texture.   I thought it was ingeniously creative in a crazy way.By recommendation of my waitress, I paired it with a Hazelnut Milkshake.  I like how it came in a nice retro looking porcelain container along with a metal straw to drink it with (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=qBL58hANAreklvSNu-vmEw).  It definitely went well with the Pizza since the Hazelnut flavor carried over from the Pizza to the Shake.Max Brenner was definitely one of the more interesting dining experiences that I had during my last trip on the Strip in that I only came in to try their unusual dessert.  Though in some ways, the Chocolate Pizza can actually be considered a hefty lunch.  It definitely had the substance.  If you have to satisfy that sweet tooth on the Strip  and you're around the Caesars Palace area, I really recommend skipping over Serendipity 3 and scoot on over to Max Brenner for their Chocolate Pizza or their other crazy confections.  You won't be sorry!
5	Hey this is the best place. The bald man has out did himself I ordered the burger can you say delicious!!! If you are in Vegas you have to stop by and get lunch dinner or a cookie or even a slice of chocolate pizza.
5	Five stars all the way... and we didn't even have dessert. Yeah, it was like that.After seeing Elton John's inaugural show for the new Million Dollar Piano show, my girlfriend and I wandered through the Forum Shoppes for some tasty food and drinks. We ended up here for a few reasons, the primary two being (a) I have a thing for bald men, and (2) chocolate is never a bad thing... What better way to indulge in both after a diva-liscious evening than kill two birds with one stone over at Max Brenner?Wait, there's a 9pm and later happy hour?*swoon*Bald men, chocolate, happy hour... TRIFECTA!Sit at the bar and you have a full menu of drinks, tapas/appetizers and desserts that are only $5.00 each from 9pm to close.Drinks:* Satisfaction Guaranteed - The name is no lie. Chocolate milk with peanut and caramel liquers... #drinkgasm in a stemless martini glass, served with a side of candied peanuts. It was almost a forget-the-food moment when we tucked into this one. This could easily be dinner and dessert rolled into one. Sweet but not cloying, rich with the milk and liquers, and a layered taste sensation for the picky palette. Beautifully done. We ordered 2.* Berry Nutty Professor - Generally good, but not our favorite. In fact, I have to admit, there was a slightly Pepto feel to it, a chalkiness in the back of the throat. The berry flavor was bright and good, but something about the combination didn't sit right.* Max's White Russian - Strong, amazing, and perfectly executed. The white chocolate (the white part of this Russian) was delivered in a little glass sipper/pitcher of sorts and you mixed it in yourself. Tasty, unique in taste, texture, and presentation; easily the best White Russian either of us ever had. Ura!Food:* Chicken Cobb Sliders - A slightly spicy, lightly breaded chicken filet on a beautiful bun (that I was told was tasty), seved with a tasty, tangy, crispy Cobb salad topping including bacon and really fresh greens. Definitely a new favorite!* Bacon, Cheese, Chicken Bites - Chicken and cheese wrapped in bacon and served at the end of toothpicks. Perfect, tender, flavorful, creamy, bites of wonderful... on a stick.* Philly Cheesesteak Sliders - Two words: Cheeze Whiz. In down-home-Philly-phashion, the meat was tender, the flavors were spot on, the creaminess reminded me of being in Philly, and the bread (I don't eat it) looked amazing (were those real Amoroso rolls?!).* Hummus w/ cocoa dusted pita chips - Fantastic texture, but the flavors were just OK. An enjoyable snack, for sure, but not something I would come here to order. Good, tasty, but not standout.All of this for $40. Large portions, too (3 each of the cheesesteaks, 2 of the sliders, 4 chicken/bacon bites, etc.)! Yeah, that. We even skipped dessert - at the chocolate place! Oh darn, a reason to return?! (As if we needed any more?) I can't wait!
5	The food is amazing. The service is great. Definitely a restaurant I'd go to the strip for.
1	Came in for restaurant week at lunch.   The food was ok, had the caeser salad, the burger, and the pizza..... Service had been horrible.  The servers were surprised to see that the apps had arrived, the suckoo didn't have the burner lit.... And we're currently waiting go if the pizza.. Only been 30 minutes since we finished the entrees.
2	Stale waffles. Small, sour strawberries, and the ultimate food crime - chocolate that is too sweet.  Uh, what a disappointment!
5	I haven't been back in a few months, but this is one of my favorite places!  I need to go soon, so I can get my Hazelnut Cream Chocolate Milkshake fix! I'll never have another milkshake... unless it's from here!  It's that good!  :)I've yet to be disappointed by anything else I've ordered from here.  Their Blackened Skirt Steak & Mushroom Quesadilla is the best quesadilla I've ever tasted!  The Meaty, Crispy, Cheesy and More Pizza is so flavorful.  The Monte Cristo sliders, though small, were tasty.  The Really Cheesy - Really Crunchy Mac n Cheese was delicious... more so when you add a little of the marinara.One of these days, I'll have to pass on my milkshake.  This way, I can finally try "The Works" chocolate pizza... or maybe I should just get both!  :P
5	The Mom's Simple Lemon & Herb Roasted Chicken is amazing!The servers are super nice and accommodating to your needs. The place is a bit loud but the environment sets the perfect mood for couples, families, or a few friends chatting up a good conversation.
5	This place was amazing for both chocolate lovers and food lovers.  Their mojitos are great!  We had the Mac and cheese which was amazing, and while we were sitting on their "patio" (it's in the mall) we were greated to samples of different chocolate.  So, I didn't try the amazing looking desserts on the menu, I had a large chocolate chip cookie that had just come out of the oven. Yummy!!! The staff was so friendly and helpful! Can't wait to go back!!!
4	This is like a contemporary Willy Wonka Chocolate Factory place! The decor is simply with all shades of browns and neutrals. Entree menu and sweets menu is seperate. The presentation each dish is well thought out and unique.We eat with our eyes, and my eyes were definitely enjoying it.my lunch entree was a Deep Bleu Cobb Salad since I wanted something light and refreshing. I'm being serious when I say this is the most delicious cobb salad I have ever ate. They mix all the ingredients for me instead of separating each into sections so I get a consistent flavor.There was a very generous amount of avocado and chicken, I couldn't even finish the plate. The chocolate here melts in your mouth, definitely worth trying even if you don't have a sweet tooth like me.
5	Fucken delicious!
5	A chocolate lovers paradise! Everything is chocolate themed (even the walls lol). Awesome staff, got a sample of chocolate syringe (before and after you put it in the ice box).
4	I forgot what I ordered but anything chocolate is good here.  Just remember to eat dessert before the main meal.
3	Came here with my family just for dessert.  We ordered the Butterscotch milkshake, Tiramisu with berries, Sugar waffle banana split, and Italian thick dark hot chocolate.  The presentation of each dish, even the hot chocolate, was very creative and pleasing.  Service was good, and ambience is nice.  The only things holding me back from giving this 4 stars are that the waffle was very dry, the tiramisu was a tad too sweet, and the hot chocolate lacked depth of flavor.  Also, each dish is quite expensive for what it is.That said, Max Brenner is worth checking out.  They have a lot to offer.
4	If you like chocolate then this is a place to go to. I was a bit skeptical about their onion rings with chocolate ranch, but it was actually very good.. and the crepes are very very good.. especially the hazelnut crepe. its a fun place to go if you are a chocolate lover..
4	I wish I could have tried the restaurant but by the time we got to this place I was a lot broke so we stuck to the fast stuff. Wasn't exactly thrilled with the kind of snotty attitude of the guy working but maybe he was having a bad day. But come on with my love of chocolate how could I not love the place?The cookies are amazing. Fresh, warm and gooey right out of the oven. Chocolate everywhere.Chocolate pizza. Delicious. I was skeptical at first but never again. The chocolate souvenir shop was fantastic too. I wound up splurging on a hug mug but there were so many other things I could have gone for. Loved the whole thing. Will definitely try this restaurant first next time and then gamble.
2	Service was really weak ...when a problem arose with our order, the waitress just could not have cared less.As for the chocolate, it's o.k., but I found this place to be more focused on marketing than the chocolate.
5	Love love love this place! Great food, great customer service! 5 stars all the way!!!!
4	Just a quick update. I went to Max Brenner today for a little snack, and the server had told me they were changing the menu out completely! So, starting Friday, October 28th, the menus will be condensed! You will only be allowed to order the sliders at the bar, not at the tables anymore! Many of your favorites no longer may stay on the menu, so hurry and get your fix on before it's too late and gone!
4	Went last week with a friend to have a food tour of Vegas. We actually ate here 3 times. My friend had been before and had the chocolate spring rolls and was anxious to have them again. I went with my mouth set on the Monte Cristo Sliders I'd seen on their menu and some hot chocolate. We were so disappointed when we got there to find that the spring rolls and Monte Cristo sliders had both been taken off the menu. We got a roasted tomato pizza to share and I got the thick Italian hot chocolate, which was very good. Then we split the Banana split pearl sugar waffle and the churros with chocolate dipping sauce. The churros were way too hard to eat, not soft at all. But, we did enjoy pouring the chocolate and toffee dipping sauces onto our banana split waffle! It took the dessert to a whole other level. We went back again for waffle fries and spicy Mexican hot chocolate. Fries were good, the hot chocolate was too runny. Then a third time we dragged our husbands along and got fondue sampler and some more hot chocolate. Major sugar rush, but so worth it. Highly recommend!
5	Much better in Sydney AUS
4	Actual Rating: 3.5Hunger struck us a little after grabbing drinks from Fat Tuesdays (which most of us weren't even able to finish). We weren't looking into getting anything too pricey and we just so happened to stumble into Max Brenner. It had a very clean and stylish atmosphere. We were seated very quickly upstairs soon after speaking to the host. However, it seemed like we were the only party up there. Hence, the bad service. It took a really long time for the food to come out (about 20 minutes) and I only ordered potato skins. Granted, I've learned it takes a long time to cook and we had a big group, but these guys are pros compared to my cooking am I right?Once we got the food, I took a nice whiff of the baked potato skins before I dug in. They smelled GREAT. I took a picture before I got to it. Then, I picked one up and started munching away. This was the first time I've had them and I was surprised that something so simple could taste so good! I told myself that once I got back home, I'd try to make some on my own. Turns out that it's a bit harder than expected. I can make bacon cheese fries but I definitely have trouble making baked potato skins.In terms of food quality and taste, I could give these guys a 5 out of 5. Honestly, it was their service that brought the mood down. We were all extremely hungry and the fact that it took 15 minutes for them to come back up and take our orders then another 20 to push out that order was a little too long. I guess that's what we get for ordering real food in a chocolate specialized restaurant. We didn't have time to order dessert at the end, unfortunately. That probably would've upped the rating I'm about to give, but that's not the case. Sorry.
5	I love this place.  Everything is great
4	The food taste just as good as this place smells :)  Would have rated 5 stars, but knocked down 1 for service.  Everything looked so good on the menu!  Ended up ordering the Double Macchiato with skim milk because I wanted to try out the Kangaroo cup and the Guilt Free Omelet that included a sugar dusted buttermilk biscuit, home fries, and melted chocolate lick.So strike 1 for service- while waiting for our coffee and food our waitress spilled water on my sister when she was serving our glasses.  Good thing we were in a good mood at the time.  Waitress came back with our coffee, but then realized she didn't know which one was with skim milk and which one had whole milk.  2 of us in our party ordered the Double Macchiato.  She had to go back and find out which was which...strike 2.  I also wish she explained how to use the Kangaroo cup for us 1st timers.  Would have enjoyed the "chocolate lick" if I used it correctly.  Guess I should have asked.  Coffee was good though!Guilt Free Omelet was huge and so delicious.  I asked our waitress for some tobasco to put on the home fries.  She quickly went to the back to the kitchen to get some...so I thought.  She came out empty handed and started talking to another customer then helped another party on the way.  I had a feeling she forgot so had to waive her down.  She came over and had to ask for tobasco again.  "Oh yeah" she says...strike 3!  I'm glad the sugar dusted buttermilk biscuit was on my plate to calm me down.  Dipping it in the melted chocolate sauce was awesome!Can't wait to visit this place again when I'm in town!
4	Lactose intolerance?  Take a pill.  The mac and cheese here is the best I have had to date.Service was friendly and fast.Although located on the strip and in the Forum (walk as if you are going to H&M), drive the back entrance and suck it up.  Worth it!Plenty of seating.  Reasonable prices.
5	Can someone FedEx me some of their breakfast potatoes?......Pretty please?!?OK, All joking aside, the food here is heavenly.  Potatoes = the best home fries I've ever had.  Illegal illegal chocolate pancakes = holy #$%&!  Eggs? WOW.  Honestly, everything is so good here.  I can't wait to stumble back in next time we're in town.
4	Grrrrrr, they made the portion sizes for happy hour smaller. STILL a fan tho! U really really cannot go wrong with $6 drinks/food on the strip!Their sliders get me everytime. So delish and enough to snack on after shopping til I drrrrropppppp!They did have a few new items on the menu, like chicken finger and beer battered onion rings with CHOCOLATE RANCH dipping sauce. Weird, right?! I had to try it. And it wasn't bad but, it wasn't great either.I always like to sit at the bar. Service is usually faster and sometimes, if you're lucky, the bartender will make extra chocolate something for another table/customer and give you the extras =)
5	Wow! Wish we had one of these in Houston! Their hot chocolate was absolutely divine! I tried both milk and dark, they were rich and creamy without being overly so. The marshmallows added texture and didn't dissolve in the hot chocolate. My only complaint is that the handleless mug is a little difficult to drink out of.On to food. The corn croquettes were really interesting. They're basically fried cheese balls filled with creamy corn. I loved the lightly fried crispy texture, and the filling was perfect, a good mixture of sweet and spicy. I also had the mac and cheese, the portion was huge. This is not a saucy mac and cheese, it's basically macaroni pasta topped with a variety of shredded cheeses, tomatoes and bacon and then baked in a skillet. I would highly recommend this if you're a cheese lover. Don't skip dessert here! Max Brenner seems pretty well known for chocolate. I was eyeing the fondue, but we ended up getting a s'mores sampler instead, which was as delicious as the hot chocolate.I loved the little flasks they used to serve sauces...so adorable.Our server was really attentive, considering we stayed after closing time. I felt bad taking up her time.   A huge H&M is across from here too. :)
5	Max Brenner is my main man!! The bald man does not disappoint and takes me to chocolate ecstasy!I first went to this place in the Philippines back in 2005. It was the best chocolate place I have ever experienced, waaaay better than See's! For years I have been talking about this place and people had no idea what I was talking about and thought I was crazy! I found out recently they were in Vegas and had to check them out when I was there this past weekend.They have a little spot in Caesar's mall and they server food as well as their chocolate masterpieces. I went with my brother, sister-in law and boyfriend and they all LOVED it! We were in heaven for sure.The Italian Hot Chocolate was fabulous! You don't even want to hug the mug, just spoon it into your mouth and savor every spoonful!The hot white chocolate chai was to die for! Just the right mix of chai spice and white chocolate in a fancy little apparatus. The Mexican hot chocolate was just as it should taste, although I'm not a real fan of it and of course the kangaroo cup is worth the experience.We also ordered some banana sundae that was to die for with melted chocolate and melted peanut butter to either poor all over the sundae or use it as a dipping sauce. Yummy!!Don't forget you can order their chocolates online and their fancy mugs too! Great gits!
4	I stopped in this gem for an early Sunday dinner. The food was pretty good, I had their Brenner Burger which was stacked with lots of goodies including onion rings. A highlight of their burger is actually the side dish of waffle cut fries sprinkled with cocoa and chili powder. YUM! Of course I saved room for dessert as this is what Max Brenner is really known for, their delicious chocolate! I inhaled the banana split waffle. It was divine! Waffle, banana, vanilla ice cream, chocolate sauce, what more could you want?! This dish easily could  be shared for two. The one thing I was sorely disappointed with was their wait staff. My waiter would come and ask me if I needed something- a refill on my drink, dessert, a box, the bill,... then he would either get backed up or forget about me. His saving grace was the manager on shift. She was very attentive and made sure that all my needs were taken care of, I appreciated that though would have liked some consistency with my waiter. I really wanted to leave the tip for the wonderful woman helping me rather than the waiter who took my order. I very rarely eat much in Vegas, I am glad I tried this place and would recommend this place for their dessert, though their food is good, dessert is truly their specialty.
5	Came here referred from a friend who swears by this place and now I know why. Just walking into the cafe restaurant is bliss. Smells divine and just feels warm being there. Service was quick and good.The mochas...oh my. SO GOOD!Breakfast served all day is a bonus. Hangover omlette is great...hangover or not. Diamond sugar dusted biscuit might have been better than the whole meal especially with the chocolate dipping sauce (which I shamelessly finished with my finger). The Club sandwich was really good but after the first couple quaters, the lime flavor kind of takes over your palette. The waffle fries were amazing. This is a must stop in Vegas.
5	I'm in LOVE.  I'm in love with Max Brenner!!!Diet?  What diet?  What is this diet you speak of?  With just the sweet aroma wafting through the atmosphere as I entered this place, I knew I wouldn't be able to resist anything and everything that I could fit in one sitting.I should have been warned: "Be prepared to drool."  Every single delicious bite had my mouth wanting more.  I started off with the Choco-Pops, a hot milk chocolate drink with chocolate wafers..  Really hit the spot.  I found it hard to stop sipping out of the tiny hug mug in which it is served.  I also had a quick taste of the Hazelnut Cream Chocolate Milkshake.  If that was mine, I would have gulped that whole thing down.  Not too sweet, and creamy so you don't have to sip too hard on your straw to get to your milkshake.  For an appetizer, we had Molly's White Corn Croquets which, with the dipping sauce it comes with, were a great start to an amazing meal.For my entree, I decided on the Sliced & Diced Steak "Pillow" Panini.  The bread, incredibly soft (not soggy) so that it doesn't scratch the roof of your mouth when you take a bite.  Inside the panini was just the right mix of ingredients of steak, onions, spinach, tomatoes, and asiago cheese.  So great, I could savor every part of the sandwich with every bite.Then, for my DESSERT ... OH DEAR GOODNESS TO GRACIOUS the DESSERT!!!!  So many choices, not enough room to fit it all in.  Honestly, I had the hardest time picking knowing it would be a while before I could go here again.  After much deliberation, I chose the Banana Split Waffles.  Great choice, Tiff!  Give yourself a pat on the back!  Imagine it with me ... waffle, bananas, carmelized rice crispies (which I have to say turned out to be the best part of the dessert), chocolate wafers, and a chocolate syrup to top it off that I couldn't help but slather it all across this ultimate dessert.  Every bite was heavenly.  I also had a bit of the Melting Chocolate Truffle Heart Cake and the Deep Fudge Chocolate Cake.  Both equally delicious and mouthwatering treats!I am not embarrassed to say that I looked forward to burping for the rest of the day because I could still taste the chocolatey goodness for honestly the rest of the day.How have I not known about this place before?  Forget it.  Let's forget about the past, and start dreaming of the next time we'll meet, Max Brenner.
5	I've had dinner twice at this location recommended by my sister who went to the Max Brenner restaurant in Israel.  Prices are great.  Place is kid friendly and service is always good.  No matter who I'm with, we always have a great time.  Would come back any time I'm in the area.Note: A little disappointed that they removed the monte cristo from the  menu.  They were delicious but can no longer order it.
5	best panini ive ever had! It was the margherita panini, and it was amazing!! crunchy cheezy deliciousness!! Tried a bite of my friends killer breakfast skillet that came with chocolate dipping sauce, also wonderful! on another occasion i had the chocolate fondue, with white, dark and butterscotch i think, i shared it with a friend and it was perfect. I feel like this is a place were you cant go wrong....and I cant wait to go back!
5	Stopped by Max Brenner's kiosk at Caesar's Palace to grab a quick snack while shopping on Black Friday. After all, we needed to keep up our energy while fighting crowds of people to find great deals! Bought the $5 chocolate chip cookie with walnuts, which is not a deal, per se. But O-M-G ... this is one of the best chocolate chip cookies that I've ever eaten. One cookie is about the size of a hand and will satisfy two to three cookie monsters. Sure, 5 bucks is a bit high for a cookie, but this cookie is definitely worth it. Don't forget the milk and a lot of napkins to clean up the gooey chocolate.
4	Chocolate!!!!Had the turkey club here.  Delicious but for $15 that's crazy!The Spicy Chicken and 4 cheese pizza was more like a flat bread and the chicken was not spicy at all.  The goat cheese was in huge clumps and wasn't even out so one bite is full of cheddar and mozzarella and then WHAM!! Goat cheese in my mouth and nothing else! Not very pleasant.Dessert: the make your own chocolate pop is delicious but that tiny thing for $8? Crap...The Banana Split Waffle was amazing! Although the waffle was more dense instead of fluffy and crunchy how I like it, it was top notchThe one thing about these dishes that put it over the top? The chocolate sauce! My god that this is euphoric like I haven't had chocolate in years kind.Overall: I was unfortunate to not have any shakes or drinks here but at least I had dessert here and that's the only reason you should come here.  The savory food fails in comparison to the dessert.
4	I have been wanting to try this place for a long time now. They have one in NY, but I wasn't able to visit the place so Vegas was my chance. I was a little disappointed because the atmosphere wasn't what I expected, but the food was still good and I love their milkshake! Definitely, would go back for the milkshake if I have the chance and get their hug mug because it's soooo cute! LOLFYI, it's inside the Ceasar's Forums Shop and kind of hidden from view, but it's across from H&M.
5	This review is for the chocolate store only.The young lady helping me navigate my way through the sea of delicious chocolate in this store was just lovely.  Very warm and helpful, and I am sorry I did not get her name.The chocolate is simply delicious.  I bought a variety of tins as a present for my fella when I got home from my trip, and every chocolate is simply wonderful!I can't wait until I get to hit up Vegas again and pick up some more of these wonderful treats!
5	Came back again after completing the Vegas RnR half marathon.   Their hot chocolate and their cookies are the best I've had.  Their italian hot chocolate is so creamy and smooth that it coats your esophagus all the way on its down to your stomach and it leaves you with that warm feeling of satisfaction.   It tastes like melted chocolate.  In my last review, I wrote that I felt like I was drinking the from the chocolate river of Willy Wonka's factory.  (Though, if you think about it, Wonka's chocolate river would be a cesspool for disease and bacteria).  Nevertheless, if you want to see what an uncontaminated hot chocolate river would taste like, then you should check this place out!Their cookie is filled with chocolate chunks and heavy.  It's dense, its perfectly chewy, and it's just really rich and great.  At $5 a pop it's expensive, but that's because of how much chocolate they pump into it.  I wouldn't be surprised if they told me that the cookie was a quarter or half a pound.  If you're looking to buy chocolate from their shop, I have to tell you that their chocolate is probably as good as it gets.  It's only matched by XOX Truffles in SF.  I bought a box of their "Caramelized Pecans rolled in praline cream and fine cocoa powder" and it was just creamy and smooth.  It's too good.  As you'd see in my last review, I gave them 4 stars because I felt like their savories weren't perfect.  I didn't quite like their burgers, but I did like their omelette.  Try your luck with their savories if you'd like (though I'd recommend that you go elsewhere), but absolutely don't miss their sweets.
5	$5 for a chocolate chip walnut cookie? Pretty darned steep for 'just a cookie'. But oh hot damn, it's not 'just a cookie'. It's probably downright 'THE BEST COOKIE' I've ever had. That badboy was loaded with chunks and chunks and moutainous chunks of quality chocolate, along with very delicious crumbles of walnut, strewn strategically throughout the cookie.The dough itself was a perfect vehicle in presenting the wonderful ingredients. SO DELICIOUS. Not too hard, not too soft, not too buttery, and not too dry. This cookie was absolutely amazeballs. But I think I'd only be able to handle one because I'd implode with food amazement. Ken C and I stopped by the morning after my marathon and we wanted something to ready ourselves for the buffet we would later have. We both ordered hot chocolates at the bar, Italian style. He got milk chocolate, I got dark. Sooooooooooooper smooth chocolate, so rich and so fine, I was about to die. My stomach was not able to comprehend how there could be so fine a warm liquid that would coat it with such creamy smoothness. At $7 a cup, it seemed pretty harsh, but it was so kind on the way down. OH SO GOOD! Nice touch with the 'hug mug' as well. cute concept and clever way to enjoy such a lovely concoction.We didn't order anything else, but I'd be willing to give the chocolate pizza a shot the next time I visit.There was a wonderful display of chocolates also in the shop that you could purchase as gifts or snacks for yourself at a later time. These items are not cheap by any means, but you're essentially buying the best stuff around.Located in the Forum shops in Caesars, Max Brenner was kind of difficult to get to, especially the day after running a marathon. But boy was it worth it.Definitely a place I'd have to repeatedly visit. Even if it's just for that ridiculously overpriced 'perfect' cookie.
3	I had been wanting to try this place out for their hot chocolate and was recently able to finally give it a try.  There is a counter outside where you can order their Italian hot chocolate and some other items, or you can go inside to the bar where they have more options for you to choose from.  After getting a sample of the milk chocolate Italian hot chocolate and not being too impressed with it, we decided to go inside to get our drinks.  (FYI their Italian hot chocolate is supposed to be thick but it wasn't at all; it had the consistency of regular hot chocolate.)  We love having marshmallow in our hot chocolate so we ordered a milk chocolate hot chocolate with melting marshmallows and a white chocolate hot chocolate also with melting marshmallows.  I was pretty disappointed with the first half or so of the drink.  It was really runny and flavorless.  It wasn't until I got to the bottom that I started to enjoy my drink more.  All the marshmallows were at the bottom so it added more flavor to it.  If not I would've had to give this place a lower rating!  I had read about the chocolate chip walnut cookie so we had to give it a try.  It's a pricey cookie (about $5) but it's huge and worth it!  It is thick and ooey and gooey and warm with delicious chocolate flavor!  We bought it at the counter and the guy working the counter and outside dining area was awesome, so helpful and friendly.  He was MIA from the counter for awhile but then again he had double duty, taking care of both the dining customers and the walk-up customers at the counter.  The bartender inside the restaurant though, not so friendly, but she was slammed with dessert drink orders.  In all the hot chocolate ended up being okay but I have definitely had better.  For people in northern California, Ginger Elizabeth in Sacramento has the best hot chocolate, full of flavor from first sip to last and marshmallow flavor from first sip to - and especially with - the last.  Monique's Chocolates in Palo Alto has the next best hot chocolate in my opinion.  Their white hot chocolate tasted like the Nestle Alpine white chocolate bar which is my favorite white chocolate.
5	Satisfaction Guaranteed has got to be one of the best cocktails I've tried that has the best chocolate flavor of all time! You can't even taste the alcohol in this drink AND it comes in a stemless martini glass with toffee peanuts on the side, YUM YUM. Ordered the tomato and basil pizza for dinner and it came out crispy and yummy. The crust on this is thin and tasted more like a flatbread. It was a winner in my book. For dessert we got the fondue with churros. We had milk chocolate, toffee, and raspberry puree to drip the mini churros in. I kept thinking the small mini churros were sweet potato fries and was put off by them until I tasted them with the milk chocolate. I didn't like the toffee much and could do without it. It was a fun place to try as I've only been to the NY Max Brenner. Love how unique this place is!
5	I LooOOOoOVe Max Brenner!The scent of chocolate lingers in the air as you walk in and take your seat. Ah-MAZE-ing. The crates of chilis, chocolates, and cinnamon sticks is a nice touch. It is a relatively small restaurant, but there is an upstairs. All of the interesting artwork is up there and so is the restrooms. In other words, you will most likely get to see it all. There is also a chocolate shop inside of the restaurant where you can purchase things that are unique to Max Brenner (Hug Mug and Suckao cup). I never order appetizers when I come here but I ALWAYS order dessert. The first time I came here, I ordered the Yellow Granita and fell in love. Ever since then, I cannot order any other drink no matter how hard I try. I contemplate getting something chocolate-themed, but never do. It's just lemonade, mint, and ice but it's so refreshing! Their entrees are just as good as their desserts! I've gotten Max's Sunday Mood Pasta and their famous Really Cheesy Really Crunchy Mac &Cheese and always return the plate back to them as if they just washed it. As for desserts, you can never go wrong with their Chocolate pizza (I suggest getting "THE WORKS" which consists of hazelnuts, bananas, peanut butter, and marshmallows). The fondues are very impressive. You get to roast your own marshmallows and it makes the experience that much more enjoyable. The Smores Concoction plate is very creative. It comes on a plate that resembles graphing paper, which I thought was intense. The toffee sauce comes in mini beakers and most of the dessert itself comes in a mason jar. I got so excited just starring at the dessert. To all the chocolate lovers, this restaurant is heaven and Max Brenner himself is God.
5	This review is only for the drinks.I've been to the location in Singapore, and loved the drinks and dessert there. When I found out that there was a Max Brenner's in Vegas, I knew I HAD to go.I got the Eighties Milkshake in the Drink Me Alice Cup, and the bf got the Melting Marshmallow Hot Chocolate. Both were extremely yummy. The chocolate was amazing - very creamy and smooth. I was reading some of the reviews, and one reviewer mentioned that the chocolate was like Willy Wonka's chocolate river. THAT is exactly how I felt when I was drinking the hot chocolate! Our server was very helpful and told us to let him know if we wanted any recommendations. I'll definitely be back to try the food, but for now, if you want some dessert/drinks, Max Brenner's is the place to go :) They also have a small shop on the side where they sell pre-packaged hot chocolate, chocolates, t-shirts, etc. Very cute indeed!
4	My favorite breakfast spot n Vegas. Located across from one of the biggest H & M .... You have to try the breakfast skillet which consist of potatoes, sausages bell peppers and onions.Most of their breakfast selections come with chocolate and white chocolate which is delicious..... I go to this restaurant every time I'm in Vegas now because everything on the Menu so far has been so delicious.... From the steak sandwiches with their waffle fries to the breakfast burritos i absolutely recommend this place for breakfast and lunch.... Their are better dinner places in vegas but if your looking for an inexpensive meal this is it!!!
4	How have I never visited this chocolate factory heaven until now?  I want to kick myself for all of the years I wasted shopping at Caesar's Palace and missing the opportunity to eat, indulge, and drink at Max Brenner's.  My husband and I needed to rest our feet and take a snack break when the word's "A Chocolate Love Story" caught my eye at the storefront.  When we sat down and browsed the decadent sweets menu, I felt like I struck "the golden ticket" of dessert shops and cafes.  From hot chocolates to ice cream to cakes, I wanted to try everything.  However, we restrained our sugar cravings (and wallet... as its not the cheapest cocoa on the block) and shared a "Fantastic Vanilla Ice Cream Cone and Chocolate Fondue" and a warm mocha.  The "Fantastic" was essentially a little mini-bar of chocolate wafer balls, rich milk chocolate fondue, and toasted candied hazelnut bits to top the vanilla ice cream cone.  Heaven on a cone.  My mocha was also rich and delicious, and since it also comes with chocolate cream, no extra sugar was required.  The drink comes in a cute pear shaped "Hug Mug", which allows you to hug your drink close with both hands for optimal sipping.  How sweet is that?  Max Brenner, you've definitely captured my heart with your chocolate love story.
5	Holy cow this place is good!Mind you I'm sort of a pessimist but I'm glad my friends and I came here on a random note! Service here is great, ambiance is great as well! My friend and I were waiting for a couple or more friends and they were nice enough to have us sit outside of the restaurant while checking up on us occasionally (with water!). I don't like servers who are all-up-in-yo-beeswax, but these servers did it just right. :)Menu is a good size, and I had quite a difficult time choosing because I wasn't craving anything specific. I went ahead and ordered their chicken satay for appetizers and steak quesadilla. -- HEAVEN. Chicken SO delicate it melts in your mouth, complimented with extreme sauces. Garsh. Steak quesadilla cooked in a specific way and drizzled in a wasabi-mayo dressing I believe. So good. Max Brenner is also known for their specialties in sweets such as chocolate but their main dishes already satisfied me. I have yet to try their sweets. I have no doubt their sweets will NOT wane in comparison to their main dishes.So if ever you're around a Max Brenner with a couple of friends, try it out. You will have no regrets. Trust.
4	Happy Hour review: $4 imported beers, $6 appetizers. I loved the Mini Philly Cheesesteak Sliders they were absolutely delicious! The only down part was that it came in 2 instead of normally getting 3. Not a fan of their onion rings but their waffle fries were good. Must try their chocolate milkshake with real ganache! Amazing.
4	I had heard about Max Brenner as a suggestion for me to visit when I was in NYC but I figured it was only good for chocolate.  I was with a group and we were hungry and looking for place to eat. We decided to try Max B. It's now become a Vegas visit staple.Eating and visiting here is a treat. The ambiance is fun and the food (sweet and savory) are both delicious.  For our meal, I was able to try the Cande's Killer Breakfast Skillet which is filling and comes with a delicious dusted sugar buttermilk biscuit to dip in chocolate sauce. For breakfast, this is a nice combo for me as I always enjoy having my eggs and sweets in the morning! I was also able to eat the Brenner Burger which is a good burger too. If you're here, make sure to order a drink with your meal! This is the whole experience and is the most fun.  I ordered the Mocha (cappuccino with hot chocolate) which came in their cute "Hug Mug."  My boyfriend ordered a chocolate milkshake that came in their tall signature "Drink Me" mug - one of the best chocolate milkshakes I've ever had! Lastly, visit the gift shop, it's full of fun and cute treats to look at!
5	DROOOOOLLLL!this is my go to place every time i go to vegas. i first tried max brenner in new york and it was amazing. when i found out it was coming to caesers palace i was soooo excited!my fave is the chocoalte truffle heart cake! ITS AMAZING. i also like the pizza and the chocolate martini.there's never usually a wait when i go.
4	I've come here a few times already for happy hour. So far I've ordered:-Max's White Russian-Psychedelic Caribbean Punch-Mocha Madness-Guava Margarita-Brenner Burgers-Mediterranean Dipping Delights& Crispy Spice Dusted Pita Chips-Waffle Fries Dusted with Chili & Cocoa Powder-Banana Tempura FondueEverything was about $6 each, off the Happy Hour menu. The White Russian has probably been my favorite drink so far. It is served on the rocks with white chocolate in a little vile on the side to pour in and two marshmallows on top (wonderful presentation). It isn't overly sweet like the other drinks I've tasted, which is why I like it the most.  We ordered Hummus with our dipping delights and it went perfectly with the crispy pita chips. I enjoyed the Brenner burgers both times I ordered them. I really like the presentation of those as well. They look perfectly constructed, like they actually took their time to layer each ingredient on top of the other. Donald actually read about the chocolate ranch, so we ordered that on the side as well and it was very tasty! The banana tempura fondue is probably my least favorite of everything we've had here so far. It is just WAY too sweet because they are deep fried. I don't think I'll ever get those again. Even though I've only come here for happy hour so far, almost everything was delicious. I definitely want to come back to order off their regular menu sometime soon!
5	I was so excited to try this place out and I was NOT disappointed in any way.   Not only where the chocolate offerings delicious and plentiful, but the food is great too.  The Mac and Cheese is the best I've ever had!!   My husband and I both have the same phones, when we were eating I noticed his said we were in Las Vegas, mine said Paradise!   No kidding.  My phone knows me too well.
5	If I ever go back to Vegas, this will be on my list of must-go's... I highly recommend for anyone with a love of chocolate and a serious sweet tooth (diabetics may want to avoid..)From the chocolate martini i had for a drink one night to the chocolate chai and chocolate smeared sugar biscuit for breakfast one morning, there really wasn't anything I had that wasn't absolutely delicious.The atmosphere is quiet and eclectic - it's in the forum shops at Caesar's as opposed to being on the Strip itself, makes for a slightly cozier & calmer atmosphere. The waitstaff was extremely friendly, offering tips on how to mix things up.
2	This place has sure changed...and not for the better. they totally re-did the menu and got rid of many yummy things they used to serve.There are still the desserts but the little sliders are off the menu and those were my favorite!So I bring my little guy here for a little dinner & chocolate treat. Our server tells me she is also a mom and whatnot. Ok lady..lets get this this started...I am with a 2 year old. I might be crazy but when the server says she is a parent I expect them to understand & TRY to be quick with things.This girl was not quick..she was very very slow.Finally when the food arrived his grilled mac & cheese was cold. Thankfully he did not care. She offered to take it back and warm it up but there was no way he was going to go for that. He was hungry.We finally order the chocolate pizza for dessert after waiting way to long for her to come back and check on us.The pizza of course takes forever & I am trying to keep my kid from climbing the walls. Once it gets there tho my kiddo is in heaven. He tore into that pizza. He was in heaven. He was dancing in his chair...singing Yum Yum in my belly. It was awesome. And for that they should get 5 stars. But when I factor everything in they are down to 2 stars. Sorry Max..Prob wont be coming back again.
4	Their dessert is so good I can't get enough. They are getting 4 stars not 5 because our waiter was a little grumpy. Hopefully the next time I go we get someone else!
4	Expensive? Perhaps. Crowded? Immensely. Worth it? Totally. Where else can you get a thicker dessert menu than an entree menu?! Only here, only here.After a night out and a long day of sleeping in, my friends and I were at starvation central and there was no better place to get our not-quite-hungover-but-not-quite-back-to-normal butts fed. At around 2 pm on a Wednesday afternoon, this place was CROWDED. I'm not sure if you can make reservations, but I'd consider making them, esp on the more popular days (Friday-Sunday).Anyway, after vacillating, I finally decided on the kobe burger. A short wait later, my friends and I got our food. The mac and cheese is HUGE. I would suggest splitting. My friend's steak panini and my burger were more true-to-size. The burger was DELISH and would recommend to any meat lovers up in this hizzouse. The mac and cheesy was as promised: so cheesy and so crunchy. Of course we couldn't leave without getting dessert. We decided on half of the chocolate chunks pizza and we went big: we went with "the works." The pizza had crunchy hazelnut bits, bananas, peanut butter, and roasted marshmallows. The pizza was a bit heavy on the peanut butter so if you're not a peanut butter fan, I'd do the pick your own two toppings instead.I also got their mocha cause it comes in a hug mug and I'm nothing if not a sucker for cute packaging. Twas delish and man, I could go for another one of those babies. A must-do for chocoholics!!
5	Yummy! I went here for brunch with some friends. We all ordered something different, I got the huevos rancheros burrito and loved it! This place is known for their chocolate, so the other two people I was with had biscuits and the biscuits came with dipping chocolate. I tried it and loved it! Overall, the experience was good - friendly service, great food and chocolate! Also, if you're looking in their shop purchase some of the caramelized pecans covered with cocoa powder, it was awesome!
5	At first glance, you would just see Max Brenner's as another forum restaurant. But after looking over their menu, we just knew we had to try this place out. So many good items on the menu and so little stomach space. After looking over the menu, we began our attack!Eighties MilkshakeHazelnut Creme Chocolate MilkshakeIllegal Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate pancakesGuilt free omeletPure American Kobe Beef BurgerReally Cheesy Really crunchy mac and cheeseSliced and Diced  steak "pillow"  paniniClassic European Chocolate FondueEvery single item was so good and beautifully presented. I dont think we made a bad call with any of them.The good thing was that it wasnt too busy so service was good and fast. I can't wait to go back and try out some of the other items. I do highly recommend coming by to Max Brenners if you're in the forum shops and looking for some grub.
5	I love Max Brenner for two reasons, the Mexican hot cocoa and the waffle fries that are sprinkled with red chili and cocoa powder.  They are amazing.  I have been here a few times, but up until recently I never actually ate or sat in the cafe....I am so glad that I did.  The food and drinks are reasonably priced, the atmosphere is incredible and the prices are great, especially for being the strip.  I will for sure be back here and recommend you come back too.  They have breakfast and lunch options.  They also have a cute gift shop to take some signature gifts home, all of which are also reasonably priced... Way to go !
1	We got a chocolate pizza and a chocolate chip cookie after reading the reviews, what a disappointment! I would give no stars but we did get them at their hallway window place so not sure how long they were sitting under the warming lights. We wanted to throw them away but for the price we were eating those suckers.
2	The Food was nothing special and over priced.  Basic sandwiches and stuff...they say the place is known for their desserts, but if you ask me a 75 cent snickers bar would have been just as good.  If you can spend $15 on a dessert on this economy.. Power to you. But don't do it here.Service was especially bad too.Bottom line, if you're in Vegas, there are literally dozens of better places to eat right around you.
4	This place has great deserts.   We ordered the banana split waffle, omg cookie: chocolate chunk milk chocolate and walnut,  and the melting Chocolate truffle heart cake &  shake.   The banana split waffle arrived and everyone at the table made an "ahhhhh" sound.  The rest of the deserts tasted good, but the banana split waffle was the best.  I would definitively come back here.
5	Yelp you brought me here, and I was not disappointed at all. Came here for some lunch, and ran into HAPPY HOUR. I got the Chocolate Chai and fell in love, probably the best Chai I had in my life. If I ever see you again, Im going to get the recipe! Delicious and the beautiful way for myself to filter the tea through into my cup was priceless! Totally worth my five bucks! For food we got the all the sliders, and they were all delicious! I wish I could have tried more of the delicious food and sweets they offered but I was already stuffed.
4	Can someone please get me a bucket of those fries???  Waffle fries are always my fav, but dusted with cocoa and chili powder?  Heaven.  Seriously.  Thanks for thinking of my figure with the five fries, but I WANT MORE.The Brenner Burger was delish and my husband enjoyed the onion ring that I requested on the side.  He also loved the steak Pillow Panini, which came highly recommended by the yelp crowd.  To round out the meal, we obviously had to try the chocolate pizza.  We opted for chocolate, banana, and peanut butter as our toppings.  It was really good, but dare I say I was expecting something more?  I don't know, maybe it's because it was so hyped, but I wasn't blown away by it.The service was fantastic and our drinks were never empty.  The woman who appeared to be the manager was walking around asking patrons how their meal was and refilling drinks, as if she was a server herself.  I always appreciate seeing something like that.
4	I understand this place has an average of 4+ stars and by all means this isn't a disappointing place, BUT it's nothing 5 star worthy. Am I being a little too harsh? Probably. But hear me out.1. I didn't try the chocolate ... I know, I know. Horrible mistake ... but I'm not the biggest chocolate fan. 2. The portions are relatively small for the extremely jacked up prices. I know it's Vegas, but come on. I order a $20 meal and you give me 4 waffle fries? The waffle fries, by the way, ARE BOMB and sprinkled with cocoa powder!!! HOW COOL. The paninis are really really good as well.Look, the food here is AWESOME and it's nothing to ever really talk down about. But it's nothing that is out of this world ... that I would rate 5 stars for. Its price is a big downer for me :( But hey, if you're into chocolate and price isn't a factor, please try this place! It's rated high for a reason.
3	This is not clear from the name as presented here or many of the reviews, but you should know before going in, this is a Chocolate-themed restaurant. Desserts are more plentiful on the menu than anything else. That said, I got a delicious turkey burger, and the fries were very tasty (with cocoa powder on them). The place was pretty dead the night we were there, but I suspect it is packed at lunch time from mall traffic. Like everything else in Vegas, it is not really as cheap as you would hope.
1	Poor service. I ordered food with 4 friends and my food never came. I was reassured by our server that the food was on it's way, but I eventually cancelled my order because my friends were finishing their meal. How long does it take to make an omelet? Clearly, my order was lost in the disorganization. Is this the type of over priced restaurant you want to support with your hard earned money?I'm a local and will never be back nor will I bring my guest to this place.
3	Just okay.  Okay food, okay chocolate creations, okay drinks.Pretty good place for a hung over brunch.I hear they have solid omelets...lemme know.
3	chocolatey dreams come true, it will melt in your mouth as your wallet will when you get the bill. But that is not why I am writing..... this is all about the flavor! The location is great, clean and beautiful I have no complaints on that, great place for a date or your mom. - Courteous fast and efficient but the place was not full at all when I was there.- Dessert was the name of the game today: Italian thick hot chocolate....just like they serve it in Rome...very rich I give it an A+ 80's milkshake ( chocolate ganash, vanilla ice cream, chocolate shell) NOT the best...I believe the icecream was not up to par with the exquisite chocolate in the cup... they should serve a better brand or make their own ice cream. B-Max's Palace Famous Chocolate Mess Party ( layer of chocolate mudcake, icecream, chocolate chunks, strawberries or bananas and overkill of Walmart brand whipped cream) ....I recommend staying away from this MESS because its more of an after party than a party itself...again, the icecream is substandard and it is 70% whipped cream all over it...even my 10 yr old niece wondered why there was so much, now I know there is better whipped cream out there somewhere because my mother makes her own and its fantastic .... so I'm sure Max could come up with better cream somehow.....it was just overkill of store bought whipped cream...so I will NOT recommend this dessert. D- I have to mention that I WILL go back for the ITALIAN THICK HOT CHOCOLATE again and try other items because the menu is huge and varied. So far I believe that they mix great chocolate with substandard ingredients but I will find out more when I go back different items. I do recommend Max Brenner even though I gave them 3 stars, there is more I need to try. :)
4	Really liked this place. So many lovely menu items, so little room to put them in my stomach. If you like chocolate (or even a really good omelet), check this place out. The hot chocolate comes in this little hug mug to keep your hands warm. Fun and tasty.
1	Don't come on a Saturday night at 11:50pm they will not seat you. Very poor customer service.
3	My bf and I had an hour to eat so we wanted to try something quick. I had the risotto and my bf had the Mac n cheese. The Mac n cheese was pretty good, even with the bacon in it. The risotto was ok. More than half of it was left over.Maybe next time I have to try the fries and something chocolate. But, like I said we didn't have much time.Hopefully I choose something better next time.
3	This place was so average that i'm having trouble understanding the great reviews.  We had drink and dinner, but no dessert.  Maybe that's where we went wrong.  Maybe this place is just all about dessert.  I didn't even think the waffle fries (which everyone seems to be raving about) were all that great.
4	Their chocolate at their shop is very expensive!! I know this sounds strange but I absolutely love their Caesar Salad. It has a creamy Mexican infused flavor dressing and the chicken is super moist and tender. It is a very satifying portion and great as an entree. The Mac & cheese is pretty good too, you don't get to decide what goes in it but I would recommend they turn this place into a Mac&cheese/chocolate bar. The churro chocolate fondue was delicious, I literally wanted to lick all leftover dark chocolate!! Plenty of creative chocolate desserts for choco-lovers and it is a great place for a break after all that shopping. It's located right across from H&M.We arrived 30mins before their closing time and they were very patient without lack of any details. I will return next time!!
5	gave this place a 5 star because of the fun kids menu...hard to find places that do something extra special for the kids.  the kids menu wasn't displayed outside but when I asked they had one so we decided to try it out.  How could you not, there is a chocolate shop inside!  Comparable to a Serendipity or Sugar Factory, which are some other fun places we like to take the kids, so we are adding this to the list.The kids meals are a bit pricey, so more for the fun that you are paying extra for :)  My daughter got the grilled cheese bites which were good, but the best part is that they give the kids little paint brushes for them to paint the ketchup on their sandwiches or fries.  I was sold right there!  I had the regular brenner burger and my husband the steak quesadillas which were also pretty good.  The fries and dip were the best part in my opinion.  It's the orangy color, thousand island/ranch/chipotle mix.  The menu isn't that big, but again a fun place to go.  The kids got a fun sounding dessert, it was just okay, the chocolate cake was kind of hard.  It was chocolate cake with vanilla ice-cream, whip cream, sprinkles, strawberries and then a vile of caramel and cup of chocolate krispies to throw on.  The kids loved it.  My husband swears by the tiramisu.I will back in the chocolate shop for sure.  They have fun gifts in there like a hug mug!
5	This place was fantastic.  Super fun menu.  Everything we tried was yummy. Huge portions.  Our server, Kristen, was very friendly, very knowledgeable and gave us recommendations about the menu. Thank you for a wonderful first time experience.  I will be back next time I am in town.
2	Saw the great reviews for this place and came here for lunch with friends on my last day in Vegas.I ordered the Kobe beef burger med-rare. All of our burgers came out and mine looked well done. I tried it first to see if it would still taste ok but it was pretty chewy so I asked to send it back. They were very apologetic but when my replacement burger came out it was pretty much a rush job. Basically now my burger was rare with a thin layer of char on the outside. Half way through my burger I got tired of tasting raw beef. One of my worst burger experiences. I didn't want to send it back again since my friends were done eating by this point. My friends stuck with the angus beef and were a lot happier plus theirs was cooked properly. For dessert we had the split waffle which was tasty and super sugary (a plus for those who love desserts?!) In summary, small place in the forum. I didn't have a good experience with them but my friends liked it. Dessert was good, but considering there are so many places to choose from in Vegas, I probably won't be coming back.
3	The was nothing wrong with the food; between the four of us we had Brenner's Chicken Panini, Caesar Salad, Breakfast Burrito and some kind of chicken sandwich with onion rings. Once again, there was nothing wrong with the food, other than it being overpriced for average quality. I ordered the panini because I was eager to try the waffle fries sprinkled with cocoa and chili powder; once again, the fries were fine - but I failed to notice anything  special about them. The  reason we went to Brenner's was for the hot chocolate. We tasted all around the Italian w/ dark chocolate, the whipped chocolate (also the dark chocolate), the white chocolate and the Melting Marshmallow with dark chocolate. The favorite was the Melting Marshmallow, the least favorite was the white chocolate. I tasted each with the exception of the whipped chocolate. I would gladly order any of the dark chocolate drinks again; I am a sucker for thick hot chocolate and the Italian was exactly that; albeit a little sweeter than I prefer. For my buck the best flavor was the Melting Marshmallow. The two who ordered the white chocolate were sorry they had done so.The service was poor as the waitress would disappear for long stretches. We ordered the hot chocolate before the meal (we didn't want to take the chance that we wouldn't have room for hot chocolate). We ordered the meal and 20 minutes later the food arrived and we had to ask for water glasses. I had ordered a soft drink with my meal, and it never came. We had a party of four, plus two infants who shared with us and an 18% gratuity was added. I have many friends who have worked in service industries and I have learned from them the importance of tips and I am typically a modestly generous tipper - I would not have given this waitress 18%.
5	OHMYGOSH. So delicious! Glad we found the Max Brenner in Vegas...was hungry for lunch, showed up around 3PM. They stop serving breakfast at 3:30 or 4:00 (forgot exactly when) so we ordered in a hurry.I ended up ordering a breakfast item, the guilt-free omelette (plus sausage hehe) and it was SO good. The biscuit was sugar dusted with butter and MELTED CHOCOLATE dippings. It was such a party in my mouth, the sweet the savory and the chocolate! BF ordered the lunch menu item with chocolate dusted waffle fries. The chocolate dusted fries were ok, hard to taste the chocolate, but the really amazing thing was their CHOCOLATE DESSERT MENU!I can talk forever about this place, but try their "hug mug" items, shakes, ice cream, marshmallows...we only ordered a hot cocoa but the couple next to us ordered the fondue set....it looked delicious!
4	After getting recommendation from one of my best friend in the east coast + seeing so many cool photos of their famous "hug mug", Max Brenner was definitely on the top of my places to visit last time I was in new york city! But since there were soooo many other places to try & since I was already eating ~7 meals per day as I was, I just didn't have the time to squeeze in another dessert shop...So you can see how excited I was to find that there was no need to be in nyc to try  Max Brenner! Yup, it came to VEGAS!Unlike Serendipity3 which is located at the outside of the Caesar's towards bellagio, you can locate max brenner at the Caesar's Forum Shops. A little tip? I noticed after getting seated that 2nd floor of  max brenner is actually prettier than the 1st floor for those of you who are into ambiance. For the newbies like me who didn't know that they also offer food, that can be an option for hungry shoppers! As for me, after much debating, we ended up ordering one hot & one cold drinks: Italian thick hot chocolate & Pure chocolate truffle granita.Since you have the option to choose the type of chocolates, whether it be milk, dark or white chocolate, we ordered italian thick hot chocolate with milk chocolate & pure chocolate truffle granita with dark chocolate.A little tip (which is more of a personal preference) is that if you like sweet but not too sweet, I definitely recommend dark chocolate base because it was just more enjoyable! My favorite part more than the actual drinks was the presentation. Hot chocolate comes in their famous "hug mug" & their cold drinks comes in an alice cup that says "drink me" (isn't that so magical? i just really appreciate whimsical details like that)I mean, even the check comes in a nice chocolate tin can! It's so cute that you almost want to pay. . . .not that you have option not to, of course;;In fact, I love the cup so much that I ended up bringing back a pair of these hug mugs & a bag of milk hot chocolate back home ;)I don't know about you, but you just need a cup of  sweet warmth on a cold day to lift you up!
5	If Mr. Max "Bald" Brenner's head was ever dipped in chocolate, I would eat it right up just for the amazing concept he has brought to all us choco connoissuers.  I'm the type of person that would skip straight to the desserts on a menu and will most gladly replace a steak for a cheesecake anytime.  Brenner has made the world easier for us dessert folk by intertwining some of his dishes with hints of chocolate and a list of his dessert dishes with chocolate hits.  For example, The Black and Tan battered Onion Rings with Chocolate-Ranch Dipping Sauce... FaWhaaa???!!  The appetizer of hops infused glorious golden halos dipped in choco-tang was purdy darn deliciouso!  Another item I would like to highlight would be the Berry Lovely Martini.  The presentation of the dessert cocktail was a masterpiece and paired perfectly with Brenner's Burger.  It was just like having a burger and shake with a 'bit more shake!  We also had the Mac n Cheese which was accompanied by a Marinara filled Syringe up to 60cc's!We rushed through lunch and ordered thru the desert menu like maddogs hyping for a sugarcraze.. The menu was so expansive and so inventive that we turned to the "Close Your Eyes and Just Friggin' Point" method.  The following are the selections Destiny has lead us to: (rated 1-5, 1 being freaknasty and 5 being The Max!)1. Marshmallow Hot Chocolate- 32. Chocolate Pizza- 53. Fondue for Two- eh4. Giant Chocolate Chip Cookie- 45. Mexican Spicy Hot Chocolate- 56. (Some Popsicle w Choco Pearls)- 5I'm not going to go into detail on each item, but I would like to express that Brenner's chocolate has brought all my senses to levels of satisfaction I never knew existed! Sad to say, the only thing that was missing from the dining experience was the Oompa Loompas...
4	Dear fellow yelpers, Thank you so much for recommending me to this dim-light snazzy place. The host & servers are extremely attentive and cheery. The plate settings were astonishing and the tea filter set was jaw dropping. The food was delicious. Have your food, then dessert? Yes, please.
4	We happened upon this place after we were wandering the Forum shops around 11a and could not find a place serving lunch, but MB was hopping so we figured we would try it!  I loved the dark woods and funky art.  It gave a very warm and inviting feel for brunch.  I started with the Mexican Hot Chocolate (spicy chocolate blend).  It was served in a cute "hug" cup that you could kind of put the spout on your lips and drink in the sweet and spicy goodness.  Then I moved on to the farmers skillet, which was served with a piece of bread that came with chocolate spread and butter (they love their chocolate here).  The skillet was full of spinach, potatoes, cheese, mushroom and peppers. It was delicious and very filling!  All in all it was a happy accident.   I would go back for the hot chocolate and maybe a stop in their chocolate shop.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it!
5	Not once. Not twice. But Three times! Yup, I went to Max Brenner's three freaking times in a four day span while in Las Vegas. It's now by far my all time favorite dessert spot. Located inside of Caesar's Palace Forum Shops, Max Brenner is a chocolate lovers paradise. It's like a real life Willy Wonka Chocolate Factory without the creepy oompa loompa's. The dark decor inside of the restaurant almost made it look as if everything is made of chocolate, especially the staircase. They actually have big clear tubes throughout the joint that are pumping milk chocolate. This place was put on my radar by my two Yelp buddies Michelle T and Dru C, both of whom had nothing but great things to say about it. Even though they serve many non sweets dishes, I came here strictly to get chocolate wasted. And chocolate wasted I got, all three times. Just look at all I've tried in my three visits;Milkshakes;Eighties Milkshake (Chocolate shake W/ vanilla ice cream) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=V8kmzwUqKIQtB-YvfdfP9gCookieshake (Oreo shake) Butterscotch Chocolate Cream Milkshake http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=8Dreo_n4-hoNyHleZpJPeAHot Chocolates;Melting Marshmallow Hot Chocolate W/ Dark Chocolate http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=SK0nGSaddcVgTaFHnYJzRQ Swiss Whipped Cream Hot Chocolate W/ Milk ChocolateSwiss Whipped Cream White Hot Chocolate http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=cNC8z1T74VG2uHdn2ipHhAChocolate Desserts;The Melting Chocolate Truffle Heart Cake & Shake- Milk & white chocolate cake served w/ vanilla ice cream, red berries an iced milk chocolate shot and extra melted milk chocolate ganache http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=wlPyRsXipaOwDdeoQvxQDAClassic European Chocolate Fondue- Melted milk & white chocolate & caramel sauce with bananas, strawberries, OMG chocolate chip cookie chunks, marshmallows and chocolate sponge cake to dip. Also came with a mini fire to toast the goodies http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=ngWZiHlm8ZiumjZoH46flgOMG Chocolate Chunk Cookies W/ Walnuts- BEST CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE EVER http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=vzD-IjhxQUwZ-SJguPQNRQBanana Split Waffles- Served W/ vanilla ice cream, milk chocolate truffle & caramelized rice krispies http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=Cma2nudpiyP05Pla4Bb-CAAll I can say is everything I tasted was phenomenal. I also absolutely adored their custom made dishware. I could honestly eat here everyday and never get tired of it. Seriously. All the employees I encountered were great. They all seemed to love working for Max Brenner. Prices are a bit high but the products are so amazing it's easy to look past that. If you've never been to Max Brenner in Vegas than I highly suggest you do so. Just beware of the chocolate coma you're guaranteed to be in after you finish your treats.
5	Awesome - must haves:FrappsPancakesPizza
4	Apparently no place in the Forum shops are open and serve lunch about 11am. Max Brenner was hopping when we came by and seemed like an easy choice to go in. I got the pizza, which was fairly cheap, and expected a small, personal size pizza. What came out was a fairly large pizza that I couldn't remotely finish, but that's all right. It was still good :) I got the pepperoni and the crust is very, very thin. The service was excellent and the ambiance in the place was fantastic.The hot chocolate was great and I think next time we come back I might have to skip the lunch and go straight to the dessert!
5	This is where you go to get chocolate wasted.My husband had a burger and said it was the best burger he had ever had.  I admit it, I stole his yummy criss cut fries.  I shared desserts with my siblings.  The cheesecake crepe was only ok.  Not as composed as I thought it should be.  The fondue was to die for.  Even between us three we couldn't really finish it.  The whole table was able to sample pieces of it.  The presentation was fabulous and I really loved how he treated the chocolate (using a double broiler so the chocolate wouldn't burn and letting you pour on the melted chocolate so you can control the sweetness.)Drinks are a must: the table favorite was the 60s shake.  It comes with a scoop of ice cream on top and it was delicious.  If you are into cocktails the white Russian (with white chocolate you pour in yourself) and the Tiramisu was good.$200 for 8 people for lunch.  Not to shabby.
4	Pros: Great for breakfast brunch eggsGood selection of cocktails with chocolate!Fantastic ambienceMust have chocolate sauceNeutral:Could be expensive depending on your cocktail choice
4	Chocolate, cornflakes, and chilli. Surprisingly good.
3	Chocolate galore and the best customer service you will ever get.Although I am a fan of chocolate and great customer service the 3 stars is based on the food. I think Max Brenner has good food but it is not great.I had the Mexican omlette, a pizza made with mozerella cheese, a dark hot chocolate. The Mexican omlette was nothing special and the egg was over cooked, the pizza was the only thing I really liked and the hot chocolate was way too sweet even though I requested steamed milk to dilute it a bit. I think I actually ruined my hot chocolate by adding milk. The first few sips were heaven but it eventually got too sweet where I didnt want to eat my main course. I suggest you save the hot cocoa for dessert.The customer service was impeccable. We were served by a friendly staff that checked on us every few minutes and were happy to cater to our every need even though we asked for numerous little things like steamed milk, moving to another table, extra utencils and plates, etc.
4	I frequent this restaurant once a month or so. I love the variety of food and dessert they have! Some of my favorites are the "Molly's White Corn Croquettes", "Waffle Fries Dusted with Chili and Cocoa", their Vidalia Onion Rings with chocolate ranch sauce, and their Soba noodle salad! Their dessert menus is HUGE with lots of fun create your own at the table kind of things. This is an ideal place for a date, Valentines dinner, special occasion or just because. Happy hour lunch menu is awesome and big portions for the price!
2	Thought the desserts were just OK, but not for the price we paid.  We were looking forward to this after the Celine Dion concert, and the desserts were actually quite disappointing.We ordered the chocolate pizza and the s'mores.  The chocolate pizza just didn't taste very good to us, and the s'mores were tiny.There are definitely other places in LV that we'd go to for dessert before we try Max Brenner's again.
1	Desserts here are ok. Not Worth the Price. Been here 3 Times. The choc Pizza is sooooo dry & nice to Look at but a Big disappointment.
5	What a great surprise!loved the food and the service.
4	My wife and I spent a few days in Vegas, and one of our favorite things to do is try out as many restaurants as we can while we're out there.  We had tried a few new places already on this trip, and had been left greatly disappointed, almost to the point where we were considering going to the Cheesecake Factory in the Forum Shops, even though there is a Cheesecake Factory 10 minutes from our house.  We were staying at Caesar's and wanted something close, as this was our last night in Vegas and we were pretty much "walked out."  After scouring Yelp, OpenTable, and others, we ended up at Max Brenners, intrigued by some of the ways they incorporate chocolate into their meals.We had made reservations for 7:30 on a Friday night, expecting the place to be mobbed.  We walked over and found it maybe half full, the entire upper level was empty.  Guess we didn't need the reservations, but it always makes me a bit nervous when a restaurant isn't busy at a peak time, but it's Vegas so peak times are going to be skewed a bit.We had looked over the menu a bit at our hotel room, so my wife and I both kinda knew what we wanted already, but still spent time checking out our other options.  I went with the Brenner Burger, and my wife got the mac n cheese.  We skipped appetizers as we really wanted dessert.The waitress was a little slow on keeping our drinks full, but she was overall nice and helpful in recommendations on the menu.When reading the menu I saw that the onion rings on my burger were "black and tan" onion rings.  I instantly thought beer battered onions rings, and figured they were something along those lines.  After taking a few bites of the burger though, and noticing some additional flavors I wasn't used to in a burger, I can only guess that the tan part was a regular batter for onion rings, and the black was chocolate.  The burger was very simple, but incredible.  I normally go a bit crazy on the gourmet burgers, but this one was nice and simple and very tasty.  The fries were also very good, the cocoa and chili powder complimented each other very well.The mac and cheese was good as well.  My wife added chicken to it, which I might have skipped, but it was still very good and flavorful.Then came dessert.  My wife got some crazy chocolate cake thing, and I went with a White Chocolate Cheesecake Crepe.  I've never been a huge fan of the type of cake my wife got, but it was pretty damn good.  My crepe had a bit less white chocolate and cheesecake than I expected, there was an orange flavor that kind of empowered the other flavors, but still tasty.Overall it was a pretty good dinner, and the price wasn't completely outrageous like you find at a lot of other restaurants in Vegas.  And afterwards we got to walk through the Forum Shops and laugh at all of the trainwrecks in Vegas on a Friday night!
5	Chocolate overload. It is chocolate fondue heaven. So yummy it's crazy
4	Mac & Cheese for the win.  I even had leftovers for my drunken self after an epic night of clubbing.  The teapot filter, there was super cool, nothing I've ever seen.  Order tea, and you'll see what I'm talking about.  It smells delightful in there.  I left the restaurant with my hair smelling like chocolate.  Prices are reasonable for the strip, borderline cheap.  Our server was attentive and was pretty cute, which made dinner more enjoyable.
4	Holy Moly! This place was awesome. We were trying to find a breakfast buffet or brunch place on our last day in Vegas and we ended up here with a recommendation from the information desk at Caesar's. We had just beat the crowd and got seated right away. My fiance and I realized that it was a chocolate shop. How awesome! I'm definitely a chocohaulic. It was cute and cozy with a "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" feel.   I ordered the Apple, Cinnamon and walnut (?) French Toast and Apple Chicken Sausage. One bite it was an explosion of awesomeness. It melted in my mouth. It reminded me more of bread pudding. My fiance ordered Chocolate Banana Cheesecake Crepe (I think it was banana). It was pretty good, just really sweet. Thank god for the sausage to counter the sweetness. Overall, I really enjoyed this place. It is a little hokey, but the food is good. The service was a little slow. I'm pretty sure I'll eat here again or try some chocolates from the website.
4	Oh my food coma! I was still a little full from brunch but there's always room for dessert! Max Brenner is a must try in Vegas. I ordered the banana nutella crepe but replaced the banana with strawberries. Heaven. I wish I could try everything here. Until next time!
1	This review is not about their food, we didn't even make it that far. The one star is for their policy against sharing. We went to the Caesars for Restaurant week knowing there would be many restaurants there participating. My group consisted of 2 adults and a child. None of us were particularly hungry so we ordered one lunch off the Restaurant week menu and a mac and cheese. The waitress said that we could not share so I told her we were not going to share. After talking to her manager she came back to question what my boyfriend would be eating and after he responded that he would just be nibbling off mine she again told us there was a strict no sharing policy and that sharing would not be allowed. So we went to Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill instead where they had no policy against sharing.I was very disappointed with Max Brenner and do not understand the purpose of such policy.  Isn't the primary point of Restaurant Week to support fighting hunger in Las Vegas? The policy feels like they are primarily using Restaurant week to help themselves. In addition, we went during brunch and the restaurant wasn't even busy.
4	as always found this place thru Yelp for breakfast places during my recent Vegas trip.I'm not usually a big fan of franchise place but this place wasn't that bad.Their breakfast options were good...love their biscuits and the chocolate dip that came with it.coffee was good.service was great.too bad we couldn't try all their chocolate items in their menu...maybe next time
4	"Chocolate by the Bald Man", who knew bald dudes could make such delicious desserts. The bald man is Oded Brenner and his co-founder Max Fichtman created this wonderful chain of Willy Wonka'esque chocolate factories.I must have pass by this place a million times in the Forum Shops but never ventured inside for a taste. We wanted a late snack after a long day of shopping ending at Caesar's, so this was the perfect time to give it a try.The waitress was very friendly and attentive. The service was quite exceptional, very quick and she came by just enough times to check up on us without the sense of harassing. Needless to say, I gave her a deserving big tip.We ordered the following:1. Tutti Frutti Waffles-it was covered generously with strawberries and milk chocolate granache with vanilla crumbled ice cream2. Baja fish tacos-corn tortillas stuffed with fish and mango slaw, served with rice and beans.I love both dishes. The fish tacos were very refreshing with the mango. I didn't really like the side of plain white rice, it could had easily been replaced by a salad or some Spanish style rice would be more appropriate.I'm coming back here to try the Chocolate cheesecake crepe and hot chocolates next time. One can only handle so much decadent food on a weekend trip to Vegas. This is one time I wish my stomach could hold more food.Kudos to the bald dude!
5	Uuuuhhhhhh, best chocolate ever.  Don't know about the food, but I can tell you the chocolate is the bomb.com.  A love letter to this magical shop:Hello, chocolate shot.  I will warm you up and squirt you into my mouth with your delightful syringe.  So clever, bald man.  So clever.Hello, Fresh chocolate.  My husband brought you home to me still warm out of the chocolate pot thing that stirs you around and around in the store.  Mixed with milk in the ergonomic Hug Mug that my loving husband also brought home, you stop my heart.Hello, hazelnut chocolate milkshake.  I'm sorry I did not savor you and slurped you down in, like, 2 minutes.  But you were too delicious to stop.I would like to live here like an Oompa Loompa in Willy Wonka's factory.  I can sleep on the extremely comfortable leather couches upstairs.  Why are they there?  Who knows...maybe to comfort people as they fall into their sugary and silky chocolate coma.
4	Been here so many times, it's hard to remember what's good to get because it's all food for my sweet tooth. I love desserts and anything sweet, but I've had everything from a pasta dish to a chocolate beer here, so you really can't go wrong with what you order. I recommed the chocolate fondu if you're on a date.
4	Love the food and especially the desserts! Only complaint is this place is so dang loud.  You can't have a conversation with the person next to you loud.
4	Yelp once again did not steer me wrong...this is the first time I remembered what makes Las Vegas so different.  I mean, other than the ocean, there is so much more here than San Diego- but I have been in a love/hate relationship with Vegas as a new local...total disregard for customer service (one server told us people drink away their check-eek).  But today, walking through Caesar's Palace, I remember the energy of this town and how cool it is to be able to enjoy it as someone not needing to gamble or buy into the tourism aspect.  This place is right off the escalator and close to Puck's restaurant (can't wait). I had a biscuit to start served with chocolate- YUM, the BEST biscuit I have ever had (that's three of the stars, and the other is for the server).  Chinese salad was interesting, but has some strange ingredient I can't quite name, but still good- would be better with avocado.  The desserts look awesome, but at 12-15 bucks way too much for my blood after a 15 buck meal.  I will definitely be back for the waffles I saw floating around covered in whipped cream and chocolate....OH and Happy hour is 3-6 (everything is half off if you sit at the bar.  The kids have brushes for the ketchup and the chicken, and syringes to eat the chocolate that comes with their meal.  Will be back to have the kids try that during Happy Hour (they have to sit at a table not the bar)!
4	*Max Brenner's Happy Hours: Mon-Fri, 3pm-6pm and 9pm-Close*I'm pretty sure everyone has an occasional sugar craving once in a while.  I get so frustrated when I'm all out of my white chocolate macadamia nut or hot fudge energy bar in the morning.  If I get my sugar rush innocently, I always think about Max Brenner's icy cold chocolate milk shake, yum!!  Once I read an article that a recent research suggests people in general who prefer sweets are more likely to be compassionate, nice & friendly, and yes.., SWEETER :POne night, I went there for the HH.  I sit at the bar and ordered a martini called, 'Intoxi-Cake'  Basically, the main ingredients are the cake flavored vodka, frangelico, and your choice of chocolate.  I had mine with a white chocolate and it was amazing!If you have a sweet tooth, you will enjoy this cocktail.  Otherwise, some people might not liking it too much for their taste.All cocktails listed are $6 including a Mojito, Margarita, and Wine.  The Beers are $4( these drinks price are only during Happy Hours)I also ordered a 'Banana Tempura Fondue $6' as a small appetizer.  It came with a couple of slice of fresh strawberries, milk chocolate dip, and toffee sauce.  I ended up bringing it home because the portion was more than enough to share for two.  But, I had to get one more of 'Intoxi-Cake' for the night :)  If you love Lindt's white chocolate bar and a cocktail with a taste of dessert, you should definitely go for Happy Hour & enjoy all sorts of chocolate cocktails.  Oh, and I was very pleased with the service at the bar.  All I can say is that this place is a heaven for chocolate lovers, mmmmm.
4	This is a great place located in the Forum of Caesar's Palace.  I had the Grilled chicken panini with waffle fries dusted with chili and cocoa powder.  The panini was just OK, but the fries were one of the best I've had.  The chili mayo dip for the fries were the perfect accompaniment.  The hazelnut cream chocolate milkshake was really delicious as well, and I love the cool ceramic cup and metal straw it was served in!  Will definitely be back to try the different desserts!
4	I'm an idiot for not saving room for dessert. But not to worry, I got my chocolate in with the Double Mocha. Mmmm and being the caffeine addict that I am, I also tried the plain coffee and it was absolutely delicious.I loved how my Southwestern salad had ample chunks of perfectly creamy avocados AND chicken. The quality of food is top-notch but I wish it wasn't so pricey.Fun note: the aioli and various sauces come in mini flasks that you would see in chemistry classes. One of our friends made the mistake of hitting the butt of her erlenmeyer flask with her knife, shattering glass everywhere. Including in her delicious looking fish tacos.
2	I give them 2 stars instead of 1 because the manager (Erica M.) somewhat tried to resolve the problem.  The problem is we had mediocre server and at split bill time she was put out and rude about the whole transaction.  I'll start with we were a group of 7 with separate payments.  I can guarantee that in a convention town, that is a common occurrence.  I am also quite familiar with the Micros POS and simplicity of splitting checks or multiple payments.  GRANTED, its a pain but seeing that the restaurant was 1/4 full, I highly doubt an extra 4 minutes was going to impact the server's overall tip for the shift.  Back to business, the automatic 18% was added to the bill to protect the server from bad tippers on big party...standard and totally fair.  Who protects the customer?  I had a problem with the service so adjusting the tip would have been my resolution.  Not the first time to have bad service on a big party, server is guaranteed their money and they can do what they want.  We had 2 glasses of wine for our whole party, so her average check charge per person was low.  I CLEARLY saw her giving more service to her table with bottles of wine...smart for the server (she raises her per check charge and in turn makes more of her set 18% gratuity) bad for the establishment because an experienced F/B customer gets bad service and writes an honest review.  I admit this is a rant but please see my review distribution, I give way more 4/5 stars then anything.Manager resolution, come in again and we'll take care of you...great idea if I lived in Las Vegas.  I addressed my issue with the service, not the food, not the environment but the service.  Make us happy and adjust the 18%, simple psychology would say you can guarantee that server will do it again, she got her money!  Beware of the dog paw tattooed server!
2	I'm only giving this place 3 Stars... They have this great fresh chocolate that they add to coffee if you ask, and my wife loved it! We ordered our food and it was good as well until (this is why it's only 3 stars) I found a inch long hair in my food. And you could tell the food was cooked in it because if the way the food stuck to the hair! I understand that accidents happen. Bit come on that's someone else's DNA in my food! Not a good look!!!We got our check and the Manager took of the one meal, but didn't have enough respect to apologize for what happen! Now that was a slap in the face. Changing my Star ratting to a 2. LASTLY looking at the bill.. It wasn't even correct... Stuff on there I didn't even order...
3	We stumbled across this place and decided to grab a late lunch. We had the hummus and chips, onion rings and fries. All were prepared well and tasted great. The only issue was the service, it was fine when there were a few other tables, but as soon as it thinned out we had to wait for ages for anything. I tried to get anyone's attention, but they seemed to walk away or pretend they didn't hear.
4	Yum. I ordered their thick hot chocolate. So good. Definitely thick n rich. N the cup it came in was cutealso shared the mac n cheese w my friend. Inequality of the best I've had. Not sure what it was, maybe the bacon? But it sure was good. Would definitely come back to try other items.
4	An underrated, delicious fun dining experience in the Forum Shops @ Caesars Palace. Great for a date or groups of any size. Great private dining areas overlooking the Forum. One of the most extensive dessert menus in the city. Service can be spotty at times, but when they're on point, they can ease you in navigating the menus.
5	As the two of us rolled into Las Vegas, the inevitable question came up:  "So, where are we going for lunch?"My reply: "I already have it planned out.  We're going to Max Brenner."After parking the car at the hotel, we wandered over to the Forum Shops at Caesars, where Max Brenner is tucked away near the back (across from the mega-H&M).  The place was fairly empty at lunchtime, so the two of us had no problem scoring a second-floor balcony seat overlooking the crazed capitalism going on below.Even before our server came by with menus, we were intoxicated by the chocolate aroma that permeates the place.  We were hungry even before we sat down; once the chocolate tickled our noses, we were ravenous.The menu is ginormous.  There is enough "real" (non-dessert) food to pull you in multiple directions.  The dessert menu is even worse -- it's practically an encyclopedia of drool-inducing chocolate delights.To start, we ordered the grilled chicken panini.  I'm a sucker for a great panini, and this one was more than just great -- it was heavenly.  Gooey cheese, a nicely crisped roll, and the most intoxicating tomato aioli.  It was served with a side of waffle fries dusted with cocoa and chili powder, which is possibly the best twist on French fries that I've ever enjoyed.We also shared a side of white corn croquettes.  These beautiful bites were absolute perfection.  Crispy panko breadcrumbs on the outside, silky smooth corn and manchego cheese on the inside.  I could eat dozens of these and never tire of 'em.As amazing as the these were, the single most revelatory dish was dessert: chocolate chunk pizza with hazelnuts and bananas.  It's as decadent as it sounds.  I've never had anything else quite like it.  And, obviously, the best way to wash down chocolate is with more chocolate, so I sipped on a "hug mug" of Mexican spicy hot chocolate, which ranks among the finest hot cocoa ever.  (I loved dessert so much that I had a cookie to go -- thanks for the tip, Michelle T!)The Max Brenner gift shop is almost as fun as the restaurant.  Lots of free chocolate samples there, along with surprisingly reasonably priced dishware and boxed chocolate to go.  The best part: chocolate moisturizer that makes you hands silky smooth while smelling like an ice cream sundae.  (Yeah... I took some of that to go as well.)Can you tell I'm completely bowled over by Max Brenner?  Next time I'm looking for lunch in Las Vegas, I'll definitely be returning to this veritable castle of chocolate.  Take it from this chocoholic's mouth: Max Brenner is a no brainer.
2	Service staff was a mess. Food presentation was poor. Food quality was poor - B.A.L.T. was soggy and oozing all over.
3	It was about 11:30 and my friend and I were looking for breakfast at Caesar's Palace.  The food court was no longer serving breakfast and we were working our way to a deli at the Mirage or TI when we stumbled upon Max Brenner, which serves breakfast until 3:00 on Thursday.We were seated by our hostess, and my friend ordered poached eggs.  He wanted the yolks soft, and tried to make clear what he wanted, but the waitress couldn't quite understand what he meant.  It was as if she was unfamiliar with poached eggs.To ensure that he received soft yolks, he changed his egg order to "over easy."  She tried to confirm his order by asking if he wanted them "over medium."  My biggest complaint was that the waitress was unable to grasp a simple egg order.  I guess I expect more when paying $15 for a routine egg breakfast.The food was  pretty good, but in addition to the service, I was also disappointed by the limited breakfast selection.  Next time I will just look for a coffee shop.
4	A chocolate and walnut cookie that may give you an inferiority complex.Lucky for you, all it wants from you is for you to love it. It won't give up on you.  So stop being a little bitch, and love the shit out of it.   In return, it'll console you after you just dropped $250 on a pair of sneakers.Soft, warm, gooey, and chalk full of nuts.  Like that mistake after 5 too many Ketel One Tonics.Mighty-damn-fucking fine cookie indeed. $5 for the cookie plus a tip for the firme hyna euro-girl working the stand.
5	Wonderful establishment, delicious food, excellent service! I've been here twice now. First time was with my bf for lunch and the second time, I hosted a bachelorette dinner. I give this review 5 stars because their food is innovative and amazing and their prices are fair. I really like how they have private dining areas. Our party of 16 was seated in a separate room that had closed doors. We were able to enjoy ourselves in privacy. Our server, Chris was on top of it! He handled all of our orders and drinks and was super efficient. He brought out things that we would need before we even asked for them.  Although it is a chocolate themed restaurant, not everything on the menu has chocolate. Their milkshakes are to die for! I'd highly suggest getting the onion rings. They are perfectly fried and come with a savory chocolate dipping sauce that compliments the rings so well. This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants and I can't wait to come back!
4	Looking for someplace to have a reasonably priced late breakfast, we settled on Max Brenner's.  Deciding upon the Belgian waffle.  This was more of a dessert than a breakfast, but it was still plenty tasty.Inside, the place is something like if Willie Wonka had become a hipster.  There are pipes running throughout to make it seem like there is chocolate running through the ceiling.  Downstairs there's a tiny shop to buy massive blocks of chocolate or little souvenirs.Service is friendly and we were well taken care of during our visit.  I can't think of anything to make Max Brenner stand out as amazing, but the place is creative and everything is done very well.
4	A true Chocolate Bar. I have certainly heard of it from NYC so I was glad I got to try it here in Vegas without the wait. The service was practically non existent and it was 10:30 pm on a Tuesday a bit of a disappointment.We had the ice cream popsicles and they were fabulous! We ordered them with dark chocolate and hazelnut crunchies. Loved the way the chocolate hardened on the ice cream like "magic shell". We would return for the chocolate alone. So many cool selections.
4	I am a huge chocolate fan and when I tried this place a year ago the fondue was awesome and the cookies are to die for.  This time I had crepes full of bananas and chocolate gonache with hazelnut ice cream.  Wow chocolate orgasm here people!!  If you are a chocolate lover like me, this place is a must for dessert.  In fact, we had dessert before dinner.  :)
4	Definitely delicious but I have to say all their drinks are for people with a HUGE sweet tooth.  I couldn't even finish my white hot chocolate.  Definitely tasted like straight melted chocolate but it was soo good!!!Ordered a bunch of food here and got full off of that so we had to cancel our dessert.  Definitely missed out cause it seems like this place is meant for sweets all the way.Got the turkey sandwich- good but not anything out of the ordinarySalmon- interesting take on salmon - i loved the wasabi mayoprobably come back to try desserts =)
4	More than just a chocolatier!Though widely known for their hand painted truffles, packed in decorative boxes and tins, and decadent hot chocolate, I discovered that Max Brenner dabbles into the savory side of life as well.  It was after a few hours of exhausting shoe shopping in The Forum, that I needed to rest my feet, and found myself conveniently located right in front of the Max Brenner menu display. Though I could always go for a serving of their thick hot chocolate, it was the mushroom and ricotta pizza, which drew me in to have a seat.  Being alone, I opted for a comfy bar seat, which was a great idea, because the bartender was there to take care of me immediately, and check on my regularly throughout my time there.  I loved the flat rate pricing on the drink menu, $6 for cocktails and wine, and $4 for beers, regardless of brand.  That mushroom and ricotta pizza, along with a glass of sparkling wine, were my choices for the evening.  The pizza was a perfect-for-one-person sized flat bread, with mozzarella, chunks of ricotta, black olives, and sun dried tomatoes, with a drizzling of balsamic vinegar.  The smooth ricotta, combined with the chunky bite of the mushrooms, and the crispness the crust, offered a great combination of textures.  The sun dried tomatoes provided the perfect amount of saltiness.  Though this was the only food item that I ordered, I eye witnessed other bar-seated patrons ordering other things, and making positive comments about what they were indulging in.  Because of my surrounding observations, I may just have to come back and try a few more things.
4	Yummy food, yummy dessert and great service!
5	Unbelievable crepes and super friendly service at the little kiosk out front! Pricey but worth it.
5	Who likes chocolate?? I DO. I DO.Everything. had. chocolate. I was in Heaven (plus, there was a 3 story H&M right across... can't get better than that!)My family and I went there for brunch one morning/noon and we weren't quite sure what to expect. We ordered crepes, omelets, skillets, and pancakes. Everything was delicious and everything came with a cute vial of chocolate or white chocolate.Service was excellent (she was super happy! but who wouldn't be if they were surrounded by chocolate all the time!).They also have a little chocolate shop in the restaurant. It was really cute and they were giving away free samples of some kind of delicious chocolate. It was probably the best piece of chocolate I have every tried.It was a pretty expensive meal, but hey, what do you expect in Vegas?Would definitely go there again... when I'm making bank.
4	Wow.  I'm not really sure what else to say about this place.  When you walk in, you're greeted by the intoxicating smell of chocolate...what more could you ask for?We ate here for breakfast one morning and we were pleasantly surprised.  While I'd heard great things about their chocolate, I wasn't so sure how the rest of the menu would stack up.  We both had omelettes - they were large and delicious and the seasoned potatoes were quite good as well.  What was fantastic was that you also get this outstandingly delicious buttermilk biscuit glazed with sugar, and sides of butter and melted chocolate.  Let me just tell you that eating that biscuit dipped in the butter and chocolate made my whole life worthwhile.  Believe me when I say it's definitely worth the trip.
3	***This review is strictly on the drinks***After a long day shopping on the strip we ended up at H&M and when I saw the Max Brenner sign I knew I had to try it. We opted to sit outside so and just get chocolate wasted. Me and a friend got the chocolate martini with a shot of Baileys with a toothpick of chocolate dipped strawberry's. My other friend got the chocolate cake martini which came with marshmallows. The price was about $12-14 which is kind of pricey for a martini but it was deliciously pricey. The martini really does taste like chocolate and with one shot of baileys...you could practically drink it as if it was chocolate milk, which could be a good or bad thing ;)
5	Great food with very attentive service. The presentation was top notch and constantly kept catching my attention. The only complaint is I can't eat as much as I would like. More reasons to return.Anything with Chocolate was fantastic.
5	Starting off I've had Max Brenner chocolate and thus far has been the best I've ever had.. & Im a girl that loves chocolate. When I saw that they had a restaurant in Vegas I had to give it a try! Its located in the Forum shops at Caesers near H&M. You walk in and can't help but smile of how cute it looks & great it smells. The service was pretty fast and friendly. I had half of the chocolate pizza with hazelnuts & bananas which is $10. Within the first bite the chocolate melted in my mouth, was soooo good! But you can only handle the half pizza, its a lot of chocolate if you decided to get the full. There were soo many other options that I wanted to try but didn't have time. I will for sure come to back in the near future! Before I left, I stopped in the shop section and picked up a can of  Caramelized pecans rolled in hazelnut cream & fine cocoa powder at $13, its pricey but I guarantee once you try one you can't stop at just that! The superiority of the chocolate is well worth it!
5	Fan-freakin-tastic!  I ordered a decadent banana creme brulee waffle breakfast item here.  It was sooooo good.  The picture of the item was on their menu which is what had me sold...it was truly love at first sight.  Everything on the menu look great, even their non-chocolate items.  Had a side of fries b/c I wanted something savory as well and they were delish.This is a must try place if you're going to Vegas and especially if you have a sweet tooth and a weakness for chocolate.
1	Let me Start whith the pros: choc choc Funde for 2 was Great Drinks are excellent even they are tiny but still Good. The Cups Look Great & the Design is really coolService was ok. We didnt tried the Food we just tried Few Drinks. & Desserts. The consDef. The Price. Way to High.  Waffle were a joke. Tasted like the microwave crappy ones you get from cheap coffee shops. Booooo. Shame on you for that pricesThe pizza was dry very dry & Too thick. I just Took 2 Bites & i was doneI didnt ordered a Whole just a slice.  Maybe the Whole One would be fresh?????The choc cake Lava cake i think was dry & i really didnt like the lavorsThe churros wer Not fresh. Reheated for that Price they better be fresh. Would i go back. No i dont think so. There are so Many other Great Joints in Vegas.  For that prices i expect fresh & i mean fresh prepared Not reheated microwaved desserts. But Thats maybe just me.
5	YUUUUMMMMMMYYYY!!!Best Cobb salad I've ever had. The citrus dressing was fantastic. My friend said her Caesar salad was delicious, too. Then we had dessert. Be prepared - you might have trouble deciding, and the one you get might be too big to finish. Highly recommend eating here!
4	If you love Chocolate you are going to love this place. They incorporate chocolate into just about every dish on the menu and everything is fantastic. My Fiancee loves the waffle cut french fries... I loved the fact that the portions were big enough for the two of us to share and not feel hungry after we leave.(she always wants to share my meal) I also loved that it was very, very affordable for a place on the strip. We always try to stop here for something (lunch, dinner or a treat) when we are at the Forum Shops... I would suggest giving it a try!
4	I visited the Max Brenner in New York and enjoyed all the chocolate filled items in the sampler plate. For my visit in Vegas, I only had time to grab a slice of pizza at their counter in the Forums.The pizza was a sure thing, I loved the dough, and the chocolate was nice and warm. The chocolate got all over my hands as I was walking through the Forums, and people not familiar with Max Brenner was giving me weird looks.I also bought a chocolate syringe to bring back on my flight home. I was able to take it on the plane without a problem.
5	OH MY GOSH. GO HERE NOW!If you love hot chocolate, you HAVE to try this restaurant. Yes, its a tiny cup, but it is so worth it. The Mexican is my personal Fav. The fondue is fantastic and out of this world. The banana tempura is a taste sensation that has to be tasted to be believed. I really only suggest chocolate-based dishes though.I love the atmosphere (feels kind of hipster) and the waitstaff has been very helpful and even remembered me and my BF.For the vegans: they provide vanilla soymilk in place of milk. Still tastes great!
4	The venue is way smaller than the one in New York. But you still have a lot options to choose from, and people are friendly there.
1	Absolutely.... Worst. Service. Ever.My friend and I came on a weekday night for some simple chocolate fondue with fruit. This order doesn't seem like it would take long to make at all. And considering that there was barely anyone in the restaurant, we thought our order would come out even faster. Wrong. We waited 40 minutes for the waitress to come back again just to tell us that our order would be late (we weren't in a rush to leave that night). She told us because some kids upstairs were making chocolate pizzas, so our order had to be late. What? Chocolate pizzas? How long does it normally take for our fondue to come out? She told us 15 minutes... But how come no one told us after 15 minutes? Then she just stood there and shrugged, no sorrow in her face at all. We got up and left. Never to come back again. Chocolate pizzas were just way too important for the staff here.
4	If you like chocolate this is the place!  I had a delicious chocolate smoothie (theres a proper name for it, but I can't remember it right now) and the banana waffle. The service was great.
5	The hard part was picking a dessert, but I knew I couldn't lose no matter what I chose.  The burger and fries I had for lunch were perfectly fine, but I'd be lying if I said I didn't try to save room for a dessert.  For dessert, I got a large peanut butter sundae that was great, but still a little pricey at $15.  People who go to Max Brenner don't go for the food, but it won't make you regret going.  And if you like chocolate, save room for dessert.
5	I have tried many desserts here in max brenner and everything that I have tasted far exceed my expectations.  One of my favorite desserts would be the Turtle sundae and I can finish it call by myself.  It has basically everything that I love with milk chocolate fudge, ice cream, nuts, and a variety of other tasty chocolate.
5	Came with a large group we ordered a variety of desserts so we could try all of them and we were impressed. if your a chocolate Lover then this is the place for you. fondue was delicious, the pizza was yum , and not to mention the shakes wow super sweet. will deff be coming back
5	I heart Max Brenner!The food is so yummy! Try the BALT (Bacon, avocado, lettuce, tomato) sandwich and the Steak panini is delicious also. It's a bit spendy for sandwiches ($14) but they are yummy and you always pay more on the strip. The atmosphere is great and the service is wonderful. The desserts are the main reason for coming here! My favorite is the eighties shake. I want my whole shake cup to be dipped into the milk chocolate shell that is on top of the shake. So delish! And make sure you stop by the bottom of the staircase. It houses jars of chocolates and candies that creates the most divine smell!Come and dine here! You won't regret it!
5	There's a few Max Brenners in the country, and we vaguely remember going to the one in NYC.  However, this one, we will likely not forget.  EVER.  While they try to pass off this establishment as a restaurant, the wiser customer knows that it really is just a front to indulge in your wildest chocolate fantasies.  We ordered a hot chocolate, hazelnut/chocolate frappe, and caramalized banana waffle smothered in chocolate.  Each was more delicious than the next.  And this is considering there were 2 meat-loving guys in our group!  Even more fun is their attached shop with all sorts of funky chocolate confectioneries and accessories, which certainly entertained us until our food came.As an aside, we also got a panini and a burger, both of which were solid as well.  So there you have it, the best of both worlds!
4	Max Brenner is great lunch spot for those close to Caesars.  Their sandwiches, paninis, and salads were very very good.  Chocolate is quality.  I ordered the legendary Walnut choc chip cookie to go.  Server told me get in in Kiosk outside, its half the price.  Great kid. I respect the decency.  cookie is great.  Better be for $5
1	Never thought I would ever give sweet places such as Max Brenner this bad of a review.  I went in for brunch and I asked for upstairs seat.  For some reason, the hostess didn't like this idea and told me there'd be 20+ mins. wait.  It was weird because the upstairs was almost empty.  We were finally seated after several other people came after us were promptly seated (w/o reservation).   hmmmmm....ok...We ordered the omelette and club sandwich.  The omelette was the main reason for the one star.  How can anyone mess up an omelette?  It tasted funny....kinda sour and weird aftertaste.  I couldn't manage more than couple bites.  Only thing I enjoyed was the biscuit and its chocolate syrup. With so many delicious places in Vegas, I would never go back to Max Brenner in Vegas.
4	Had chocolate vodka and philly sliders! My friend had hot chocolate and spicy chicken sliders and the only thing that was subpar was hot chocolate. It is not one of the cheaper places but happy hour will make your visit worthwhile. Make sure to sit at the bar area for happy hour!I would have to try their other chocolate stuff to give them a fair verdict. For now, max Brenner gets 4 stars.
4	As the mega structures that are the resort casinos in Vegas continue to expand, the locals in Las Vegas continue to be the real winners.  The Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace is medium sized mall filled to the brim with the latest fashions and also is home to several restaurants.One such restaurant, is Max Brenner's Chocolate by the Bald Man.  This place came highly recommended and so we were excited to give it a try.  As a certifiable chocoholic, I was surprised at myself that I actually almost walked right passed this place.  I suppose my eye was drawn across the hall to the massive, three-story H&M clothing store.  However, my nose did not fail me and my eye quickly followed me back to the sight of Max Brenner's.  The place looks like Willy Wonka and Wolfgang Puck had a brain child.  There is a childlike playfulness to much of the decor but with a crisp and refined edge.  One glance at the menu and we knew this was going to be a special meal.  Surprisingly, there was a lot of care and detail put into the flavor and presentation of the savory dishes.  I honestly expected these to be a loss, so this was a plus.  The winner and the reason I will return is the dessert.There are page after page of delectable options.  We settled on the *Sharing fondue and the Crystal Sugar Churros fondue.  Both sets came to the table stylishly displayed, but not at the cost of real chocolate experience.  There were fruits, cakes, churros, other chocolates, and even pieces of waffle to dip into several different flavors of warm molten chocolate placed on the table by the waitstaff.Service here is excellent.  Most places in Las Vegas are missing this component.  Max Brenner must either pay well, or be a truly enjoyable place to work.  It s a remarkably enjoyable place to sit and enjoy an amazing dessert and people watch.  As you leave Caesar's casino head into the Forum Shops and veer left, trust me your nose will guide you the rest of the way to chocolate bliss.
3	Stopped and had brunch ;) Seated right at opening! Yeah! Service was good, we ordered the granola fruit bowl - yummy bananas/strawberry/blueberries/blackberries/granola/yogurt/ and chocolate bits to top with warm honey on the side and a powdered biscotti on the other side of my big bowl. Hubby ordered the mixed skillet (forgot the name) breakfast which was ok, eggs were well done - and uncle ordered the Mexican omelet which seemed ok. Their brunch came with a side of butter and a side of chocolate - lol (I know u don't  come to a joint like this without having chocolate) - I ordered a fruit smoothie that came in a cute "drink me" cup and they had iced lattes.  Overall I really think its 3 stars for brunch food, I'd have to come for dessert as I think it would definitely be 4-5 stars! U'd have to wait for my next review since I will be back but only for dessert!
1	israeli chocolate? enormous hype; nothing special about it---it is chocolate! chocolate pizza is kind of nausea-inducing.  hot chocolate presentation replete with drinking instructions is just not worth it.  take a few steps beyond, to cheescake factory for a fix.
5	I went here for my 23rd birthday dinner. I came her for their Kobe burger and it was a good choice. It was soooo yummy! Next time I want to try their drinks in the hug mug :)
5	I came to Vegas for The Beatles show and left telling everyone about Max Brenners and not much else (beyond all the young slutty girls who infest Vegas whom I couldn't tell if they were the paid hookers or not).If you had a bad experience here, you either are dumb or got very unlucky. I went 3 times in two days and each time it was AMAZING! The first time we ordered the fondue with churros which consisted of mini homemade churros, raspberry sauce, toffee sauce, and dark chocolate. ALL YUMMERS! I got a crazy butterscotch shake which was like an orgasm in my mouth. We kne we had to return again for breakfast after looking at the plethora of menu options. I got an amazing goat cheese omelet and this insane frozen mini lemonade that I still cannot get over. Every dish come switch what they  call a "chocolate lick". Its a small ramekin with their custom melted milk chocolate. I am no a milk chocolate fan, dark is my thing, but I would drink that by the gallon and bathe in it as well. The service rocked and the ambiance was kitschy cool. I have told every chocoholic I know about it and me as well as everyone I have told is completely disheartened that there's not a MB anywhere in the Bay Area. That is beyond STUPID!
4	I'm not a chocolate fanatic, but I loved Max Brenner! You really can't go wrong with this place. The location--Caesar's Palace The Forum--is great. Our server (Desiree, according to my receipt) was so friendly and helpful. And the food--not to mention its presentation--was amazing (for the most part).I came with two friends and we got two apps/sides to share:1. Molly's White Corn Croquettes: house seasoned white corn & manchego cheese balls dusted in panko bread crumbs & lightly fried-- OMG I loved these! I tasted mostly cheese and only a hint of corn, but that was fine with me! We got the full order (8 croquettes) and it comes on a long glass dish that has grooves for each of them. They are nested on top of a bed of chili mayo sauce and MAN, that sauce is mmmm delicious!2. Waffle Fries Dusted with Chili and Cocoa Power-- These didn't blow me away, but they also came with the mmmm delicious chili mayo sauce which complimented it perfectly. I mean, I love fries of all kinds, so I loved these waffle fries, but I feel like I love the sauce even more...As for entrees:1. Keri W. got the Cande's Killer Breakfast Skillet: farm fresh eggs, sausage, onions, bell peppers, tomatoes, spinach, home fries & mushrooms seasoned and scrambled together served with a house baguette-- I only tried a little bit, but it was good. She really liked her dish. It came with a small side bowl of butter and one of chocolate. She's a traditionalist and loves her bread with butter, but when she tried it with the melted chocolate... she didn't go back.2. GH got the Chocolate Chunks Pizza (half-size): Max's double chocolate melting chunks & a choice of 2: crunchy hazelnut bits, bananas, peanut butter or roasted marshmallows; she chose bananas and marshmallows since I'm allergic to nuts-- Looking at the pictures, I kind of wish we had gotten "The Works", but that would have been much too much! I ate 1/2 of a slice and that was more than enough for me. It was too chocolate-y! And very sticky in the mouth. I gave GH my pecans and she said that helped, but she wondered how sticky it would be if someone ordered peanut butter! :P Anyway, it is because of this dish that GH also agrees that Max Brenner gets 4 instead of 5 stars. We both really did not like the crust. We were told it was a "thin crust" so we were thinking the nice crispy thin crust pizza-esque crusts... but this was like thick pita bread. Didn't like it. So glad I did not order this.3. So what did I get? The Cinnamon Apple & White Chocolate Truffle Cream French Toast: brown sugar spiced pecans, warm toffee sauce (obviously got the pecans on the side)-- I love cinnamon, apples, white chocolate, and french toast. So guess what? I LOVED this dish! It was a bit heavy, but also quite a bit heavenly ;)GH also got the Mexican Spicy Hot Chocolate (red chili, nutmeg, cinnamon and pepper) and she greatly enjoyed it. And I think it's so cute that it comes in the Hug Mug! Adorbs.But now that I've read Misti Y.'s review, I have to come back! I want to try their BALT since I love love love avocadoes, and she also makes their lemonade granita sound amazing. And, of course, so many other items on their menu sound like must-try's as well...
4	Had to try this place after friends on Facebook posted pictures of chocolate martinis and fondue. If it's anything chocolate, I'll go.Service was slow, and we came in on a Monday afternoon when the place wasn't full. The server was nice though; we just didn't know why it took forever to get stuff going. Other than that...Expensive stuff: $100 for 2 people, with tip included. We ordered a choco frappe and hazelnut smoothie, 2 aps (spinach dip & wings), steak panini with waffle fries, and half order of the works chocolate pizza and churro fondue. Next time, skip the regular food and indulge in desserts!Other tips: Sliders are only from the bar, and Happy Hour is from 3-6pm. Conclusion: I definitely would go back again, though just for dessert.
5	Being a huge chocolate lover, I just HAD to stop by this place. The bf and I only came here for dessert and oh man, I just wanted to order everything on that menu! Haha. We ended up ordering the hazelnut cream banana toffee crepe. It was purely amazing. It was served with caramel ice cream, crispy wafer balls, and milk chocolate ganache in a little beaker. The chocolate was sooo good .. there are no words that can capture it's yummy-ness. This place is heaven for a chocolate lover or those with a huge sweet tooth. Can't wait to come back to try something new!
4	A very cozy place that makes you feel like you're in a chocolate factory.Our server was pretty nice, and had a sense of humor. Also very helpful in helping us decide what to select from the menuThe max brenner burger definitely surprised me by how tasty it was. Didn't expect sucha juicy, flavorful burger from a chocolate place.The waffle fries that came with them were also pretty goodThe chocolate pizza stole the show though. It was heavenly, and not super sweet, but stayed consistently smooth. All the ingredients of desserts on it married together very well.
5	I was so sad that my group did not want to eat here. Being a chocolate lover I had to stop though. They have a stand outside their restaurant that sells chocolate syringes amongst other things. I HAD to have one of these. Its a huge plastic syringe sans needle filled with your choice of milk chocolate, dark chocolate and white chocolate. They asked me if I wanted one for now or later. I said now, they told me they would make me a fresh one. It was warm and melty and heaven. If you are diabetic you will need insulin or you will go straight into a coma, heck I'm not diabetic and I have a chocolate coma.Highly recommended even if you can't eat in which I hear is FABULOUS!
5	How many stars do you give to the restaurant you drive to Vegas to visit?That may be an exaggeration, but if it is, it's not much of one.  Nestled in the food courts of the Forums at Caesars, you'll find this chocolate lover's haven.  Hate chocolate?  Then starve!  Just kidding, there are tons of great options, and you never have to touch an ouch of cocoa.  But you disgust me.Max Brenners are scattered throughout the world, and this is the closest one to Southern California residents (of which I am one).  The restaurant itself is straight out of Willy Wonka, except without the insanity.  The hot chocolate is piped throughout the building (not real, obviously, but very interesting to look at), and there are two levels of seating to guarantee that this place will never become completely overrun by customers.  The menu is superb.  I've ordered the Oven Roasted Tomato Pizza and the Southwestern Caesar Salad, which comes in a funnel-like bowl/plate.  Both are excellent, and are better than one would ordinarily expect from a chocolate-centered property.  But if you leave without ordering the waffle fries, you might as well have stayed at home.  They come with an addictive mustard-cocoa powder dipping sauce that tastes like God punched me in the tastebuds and said it was Good.  I always order an extra side (even though they are somewhat pricey), because someone at home is going to want a handful.  They also have about a dozen coffee, hot chocolate, and dessert options.  Honestly, although these were good (I've had the hot chocolate and the classic milkshake), they're not the reason I keep going back.  I expect them to do their specialities well.  But you could skip actual chocolate and still have a memorable experience.The service is generally solid, and they do take-out orders, too.  My fiancee and I have a pair of their "Hug Mugs," custom-made hot chocolate cups that are laughably impractical but still fascinating.Punch-line: go at least once.  I think you'll like what you find, whatever your tastebuds crave.
3	I went here for a get together with a friend and her family and friends. She said she'd gone to one before and just threw out the magic word: "Chocolate." I was convinced, this was going to be an amazing lunch!I ordered a burger, which had a large bun - and the standard toppings. Not bad, but also not that amazing, especially considering the price. The dessert we got - fondue -- was excellent! So, on one hand, this place excels in their alcoholic drinks, chocolate desserts, and service, but as far as regular food goes, it's average.I probably wouldn't choose to come back here again unless it was just for dessert and drinks.
2	The only thing that redeems this place enough to give it that extra star was the chocolate dessert I had had on my first visit here. It was simply divine and so my friends and I felt, we HAD to go there the next day. When we did go, there were barely any other customers there which seemed to be a good thing to us as we figured that we will be served in no time. WRONG. My friends and I sat there for 30 minutes, trying to flag down anyone that could possibly help us. NO ONE came. In the end, we went up to the bar and asked the bartender if he could take our order. He was very nice and said that he could but he was too scared to because the wait staff might get mad at him so instead he said that he will get someone to take care of us. He was very apologetic and seemed to want to help us especially after we explained to him what happened. He came back after 10 minutes (we waited at the bar) and said that someone would be serving us.We went back to the table and went through the whole thing again: waiting, trying to catch someone's attention but alas, it all went for naught as no one came again to help us. After almost 40 minutes of waiting, my friends and I were tired and fed up. We decided to leave but not before informing the hostess about what happened hoping to get something akin to an apology. Instead, my friends and I were greeted with a very snobbish sorry and a "have a nice day". She didn't make any move to try and make it up to us or even offer a sincere act of apology.Apparently, it doesn't matter to this restaurant whether people are in it or not. It is such a shame because the dessert is actually good.
4	I'm pretty hot for Max Brenner - while I'm somewhat wary of any themed restaurant concept, they more than make up for it with excellent quality chocolate used in both classic and inventive ways. We went for brunch and came back for happy hour:Illegal Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate Pancakes w/dark chocolate truffle cream, bananas and pecans - absolutely decadent. Could barely finish two of the three pancakes, to which the waitress noted, "Good effort. No one can ever finish these." Cande's Killer Breakfast Skillet - I just had a taste of this but it was well balanced with a lot of the "good things" you want in a skillet, a diverse array of veggies, meats, and eggs, as opposed to the standard 85% potato-filled skillets elsewhere. Came with a perfectly toasted slice of baguette. Classic chocolate martini vs. Intoxi-Cake martini - happy with both, but I give the edge to the latter, with its cake flavored vodka, frangelico, and choice of white/milk/dark chocolate. Just delivered a better balance of booze to sweet. Even though these drinks sound "too sweet" by nature, I'd happily take Max's purer chocolate-production methods over any other syrup-laden mixed drink concoctions out there.Beer-battered onion rings with dark chocolate ranch dressing - interesting, solid. Philly cheese steak sliders - way too much cheese to steak for me, but if you like it that way, go for it. Came with a small sample of cocoa powder-dusted waffle fries, which were awesome.Staff were great but it was alarmingly never really busy, so get to steppin', yelpers!
4	"First Food, then Chocolate!" and that is how Max Brenner in the Forum set up. You walk through the Chocolate Shop to be seated and walk through it again as you exit out.I ordered the Chubby Smoked Turkey Club with waffle fries. The dijon aioli was very good. The waffle fries was too greasy. But the turkey was very juicy and great."Satisfaction Guaranteed" was my drink of choice. It is basically a chocolate martini. A cocktail/chocolate aphrodisiac. It came it this really cool martini glass without the leg inside a small bowl with crushed ice which kept the drink cold. And a side of caramelized toasted peanuts. And of course, how can you come here and not have dessert at the end. My friends and I ordered The Spectacular Melting Chocolate Smores Sundae. It was 4 of us and it was enough for each of us to have a few spoons of the sundae.As you exit out, you can't miss the Chocolate Shop to have more chocolate.I really liked the style and decor of this place. It reminded me of an old ice cream parlor with pipes hanging from the ceiling with "100% pure chocolate" written on them. Unique place.
2	~~~This is a Chocolate Love Story~~~~~Once upon a time, a bald man name Max Brenner came up with a brilliant idea to develop a restaurant that focus on chocolate and created dozens of deliciously sweet treats that attracted customers to his chocolate haven. I got my friends excited to check in out in Vegas last weekend which they were really thrilled about after seeing all the great sweet photos on yelp. When we entered the restaurant, we were immediately taken a back by the sweet and delicious smell of chocolate.. the perfumic smell of the cocoa was just heaven.. thats usually how I feel when I enter a coffee shop like Starbucks or Coffeebean. The smell of chocolate and coffee is blissful!FOOD:Spicy Chicken & 3 Cheese Pizza- Blackbeans, jalapeno, cilantro, mozzarella, cheddar, and goat cheese. Pizza was really thin but flavor was really not there. No cheesyness to the dish that you normally look for in a pizza. For some reason it reminded me of taco bell's mexican pizza.. just how it looked minus the ground meat and beans you would find at taco bell. I would not order this again. Sliced and Diced Steak Pillow Panini- Char grilled and thin skirt steak tossed with diced caramelized onionson a bed of asagio cheese crips, baby spinach, roasted tomatoes, red pepper aioli with a side of waffle fries which is sprinkled with chili and cocoa powder. Waffle fries were good and prob the best part about the dish because it was freshly fried. You didn't really taste the sweetness of the cocoa powder so I think it definitely sounds more interesting then it actually taste. The sliced steak was kind of touch and didn't have much flavor or spice to it. The sauce made the bread soggy (which is a pet peeve of mine) so when I picked it up, the bottom of the bread is all wet and soggy. The panini looked good but there was definitely something lacking in this dish because it was a let down amongst the group.Chocolate Hazelnutt Shake- "Drink Me" is labeled on the cup. This ain't as shake.. its more like.. a chocolate hazlenutt.. melted yogurt/ice cream drink because it was SOOOO THICK. you seriously needed to suck on the straw with some force and it will get you full fast if you drink the whole thing before your meal! The shake was also really sweet too.. I passed around my drink around the table and each time someone has a taste of it, they are like "damn.. its thick.. and really sweet." Total let down again and definitely looks better than it taste. The Works Chocolate Pizza with Toasted marshmallows, peanut butter, and banana- SWEET SWEET SWEET. Crust was okay.. pretty thick and dry. I would not get this again either. Dessert Crepe-  Crepe with banana, a side of choco crisps, and chocolate syrup. Crepe was good, choco syrup on the side would make your crepe too sweet but the texture of the crepe was nice and thin and good. Overall, the sweets were toO sweet for me and my friends taste and the savory dish was just "okay".. nothing you want to order again or made a great impression on us. Don't get me wrong, I was a fan of Max Brenner when I went to it in NY and loved the whole concept of it but for some reason it was a let down when I tried it again in Vegas. Just the price of the food and the quality and taste we received at the place just did not match. Sorry Max, there isn't a happy ending to this Chocolate Love Story. You do smell good though... =P
4	Wow, this place is a sweet-lover's paradise.  Chocolate in every form imaginable.  It's very Wonka-like with pipes of liquid chocolate running overhead.  We've tried several items, both sweet and savory from their menu.  The prices are high at this restaurant, as one might expect, since it is owned by a celebrity chef and located in the Caesar's Forum Shops mall.  While tasty and high quality, the several savory items we've tried are not worth the high price.  We liked their mac and cheese (very cheesy with a crispy topping and yummy tomato sauce on the side).  Their chicken fingers and waffle fries were solid, but not quite as special as the mac and cheese.As is Mr. Brenner's specialty, the desserts are the highlight here.  Three items stand out to us.  Our very favorite item here is a cocktail - the Satisfaction Guaranteed.  There are quite a few ingredients but it just tastes like chocolate.  Though not thick and creamy, the taste is purely, deliciously chocolatey.  The butterscotch shake is also decadent and amazing.  Their Italian hot chocolate is super rich and thick.  We love all the desserts that feature dark chocolate.The atmosphere is very classy and make you expect great things to come out of the kitchen for you.  For the most part, they deliver.  The serving presentation is really fancy.  So many special little platters, jars, dishes, serving trays, "potion" bottles.We've found that many dishes are hard to picture based on the descriptions on the menu (chocolate with chocolate and a side of chocolate).  The servers are very helpful in making suggestions and describing what everything looks/tastes like.We much prefer this place over Sugar Factory and Jean Philppe (sp?).
5	Max Brenner really knows how to swoon his customers.  His chocolate martinis are the BEST I have ever had.  Not too sweet with just the right amount of alcohol.  The intoxi-cake was AMAZING!  Just the right blend.  As much as I really wanted their fondue for two or a crepe, 2 drinks were just enough.The staff was amazing and really treated us well.  It was my birthday and the bartender brought me some candy and gave me a free shot.The only thing that was a bummer is that I wasn't in Vegas long enough to try all of their delicious food and desserts.  I highly recommend Max for a quick drink and can't wait to go back!
4	Sweet Sweets and more Sweets!! Sweet tooth's all congregate here. Need to try the cookies, which I lucked out on for they didn't have any fresh baked. Still go the Sundae and it was amazing. Highly recommended place to come for that sweet-tooth.
4	Located right across h&m. From Ceaser's palace walk towards the forum shops and go left at the fork. Ordered waffle fries dusted with cocoa and chili powder and a chocolate chai to go.  I watched as the barista steeped my tea leaves and made my drink step by step from what looked like a recipe manual behind on of the cabinet doors. I ate a few fries before I trekked back into the mall and before they got soggy in the Togo box. For $7 there were about 10-12. Large waffle fries. I didn't really taste any cocoa and just the smallest hint of chili. I saw it but I just wasn't tasting it... And I'm not even a fan of spicy stuff, but these fries were lacking. The drink was worth the 5.95 strong chai richness and served hot, but not as frothy as I would have preferred.
4	The food here was absolutely divine, i have no complaints about the food but it's just the service that's a little off which is the reason for the four stars.First of all, we didn't get our water until we waited for 15 minutes and asked for it but that's no biggie. Then we were approached 3 times by different waiters to ask if the food in their hands is what we ordered which wasn't. That was annoying. We waited for around 15 minutes for the food that we actually ordered to come and i wasn't disappointed at all because the presentation was mouth watering. However, when we  were about to dig in we realized we didn't have any utensils and i wasn't planning to eat with my hands so we informed the hostess about it. Instead of an apology, she simply turned around and grabbed two forks for us without saying anything. But we needed knives too so when our server came, we told him we lacked utensils, he simply replied "oh okay" and turned around and got some for us. No apology.My boyfriend ordered an omelet with waffle fries. The waffle fries dipped in chocolate was OUT OF THIS WORLD. I've never had anything like it! Who knew fries and chocolate go so well together?I got a tutti fruitti waffle and it was waffles with fruits on top dusted with icing sugar, mint leaves, ice cream, a mini jar of chocolate and chocolate wafer balls. I loved my waffle so much. Everything went SOOO well together. The punch of flavour from the mint leaves is just perfect. This dessert wasn't too sweet either.
4	Got the Kobe brenner burger and it was amazing! The waffle fries were just right! The portions were enough to fill you up but not to the point of over doing it. Overall the atmosphere in conjunction with the food were just right! I would definitely come back again!
5	After an amazing experience at the one in New York, I made my work buddies (we were at a trade show) drive down to visit the Vegas Brenner's.  My experience here was also fantastic (probably a 4.5 really).  The server was great, we were seated on the outside patio area.  I ordered extra fries (actually we ordered a second serving - there were four of us and they aren't that big).  They were fresh and as amazingly delish as I remembered.  The food came, was really well cooked again so no complaints there.Desert was a different story.  One person had the mini ice cream bars - she said they were delish (but wouldn't share).   The rest of us decided to share the chocolate peanut butter sundae (heaven) but the pizza we thought was nasty.  I just don't understand why other people rave about it - ours was doughy and blech.  The waiter was nice enough to take it off the bill though.I would definately recommend the Vegas one too (just don't go to Philadelphia :(
5	I just visited the gift shop which had some unique chocolate products...this is located in the forum shops and a great place to visit. In their gift shop they also offer samples. This guy really knows what he is doing and his chocolates r amazing...must try when hitting the forum shops
4	Review number 500...woooooo! Notice: Review for outside "bakery stand" where you can buy certain small items. So. I kind of share my name with this place, so it was only natural that I stop here for a snack. That was right when it opened, and I always return for their chocolate pizza every time I'm in the Forums. Right across from the excessively large H&M, Max Brenner is easy to find (on your way to the moving statues if that's what tickles your fancy). I've always had very friendly and expedient service from their employees and it does lessen blow that I'm about to drop $7 on a slice of chocolate pizza. But hey...it's Vegas.Note: If you're a family coming here, get ready to drop some money. Their items can add up to a small fortune rather quickly (the family of four in front of me dropped $70 on their "pre-meal munchies," as they described them). Uh....no comment. On that note, the chocolate pizza is awesome and it's worth sharing. Also, the chocolate granita is pretty much like frozen hot chocolate. Get this on a hot summer day..which is, like, EVERY day in Vegas.
5	We stopped by late one night after the restaurant  was closed but the bar/counter was still open and serving the full menu. The staff was friendly and the desserts were delicious.I had strawberries and banana chunks with a dark chocolate fondue, and the strawberries were huge and sweet. He had a plate consisting of a mini chocolate cake, a shotglass chocolate milkshake, a tiny bowl of vanilla ice cream and a mini cocktail shaker of chocolate sauce. That may sound like an itty-bitty dessert but it was enough for me to have some too, and that milkshake was fantastic!
5	The most fun I have ever had!!! Food is AMAZING!!! And the service was mind blowing. There was a manager that came out to greet us and made sure our experience was a great one. I think his name is Adam. He was outstanding. I'm definitely coming back. My new favorite restaurant.
4	Specialty chocolate review only.I tried and bought the pecan and pistachio w/ hazelnut cream bon bons (I don't remember the exact name and threw out the lovely paisley box - boo!).  It was so so so so good.  The box set me back $20 and had about 30 or so pieces.  Well worth it, in my opinion.  The bon bons were vaguely shaped like brains w/ cocoa powder over it.  I'd totally visit again when I'm in Vegas and will try their sit-down menu.Other important info:  located inside Cesar's Palace across from the H&M store, samples are given out, small retail side, chocolate is outstanding.
2	We had dinner here for four. Had an artichoke appetizer with pita chips, club sandwich and shared a huge sundae for dessert. The service was awesome; space impressive. But, I have to say that when a gem from NYC gets transported to Vegas, and gets "blown up" into Vegas standards with all the glam, size, "in your face", and over-the-top stuff that makes Vegas what it is, that NYC gem looses something and just isn't the same. We were looking to be awed by this chocolate place and weren't. Maybe we should have ordered some chocolate pieces?
3	Good food.  Four out of six entrees were good, the other 2, were OK.  The burgers needed some help, but the steak panini was great, we tried an excellent salmon, and the turkey club was good - but definitely the desserts are what you should go in for.  As soon as you go in, you'll smell what I mean.  We also had a great appetizer -the corn croquettes,  which I could've ordered all night, not a whole lot of app. but great flavor.  A breaded ball with sweet corn a zesty sauce with cheese, and lots of flavor mmm, mmm, mmm.With chocolate galore, from drinks to apps to entrees, everything can have chocolate if you want it to.  We Shared a fondue with Dark Chocolate, Milk Choc. and Caramel sauces with bananas, strawberries, marshmallows, brownies...do I need to go on?  The caramel sauce was a little sweet but the bananas and dark chocolate, a great combination.The server was friendly, but lacked in some basic serving skills, like having plates and silverware on the table before the apps. came out.  We had to ask for utensils and plates for the apps, but I still give the server a C because of his personality.Just a heads up, an 18% Gratuity is inc. on parties of 6 or more.  I don't mind this at all as long as I feel the server is making a sincere effort in taking care of all of his/her customers.Overall a good experience.  Good food, nice atmosphere, just a few things need to be polished up.
4	There is light fare here, which is good, but you really come for the deserts and CHOCOLATE which is the main attraction here.  Service is excellent and decor delightful, all chocolate themed.  So if you are in Vegas and need a caffein buzz, this is the place.
2	Overpriced joint thats geared towards the naive tourists...If you want a good deal though do happy hour at the bar....
4	Ever since I have come back home I have dreamt of this place. Where chocolate is full, flavorful, creamy, and mind boggling delicious!!! All I wanted was a latte but what I got was a chocolate filled caffeine wonderfullness. I told the barista to make me what ever he wanted and so he did. There was two shots of espresso, white chocolate genache, and a drizzle of peppermint syrup. Holy hell did my tastebuds do a little dance and make a little love. They got down that night!!! Only downside....holy hell it was $7. I lurve me my fancy coffee but this was on the fancy shmancy scale! But oh so worth it! :)
4	I had the southwest Caesar salad and my wife had the turkey burger. We shard the s'mores concoction for dessert. Everything was really good including the service
4	After reading my review from last year, I must say my most current experience here has been much better. My past 2 visits are based on the happy hour menu which is weekdays 3-6 and 9-close. If you are craving this place and are on a budget, by all means come during happy hour! Drink and food specials, which are unbeatable and definitely won't bust your wallet. I've been twice and will probably be back for more just to finish trying all the items on the food part of the menu. Here's the run down of what I've tried.Buffalo chicken tenders- comes with 2 large pieces and those infamous brenner waffle fries dusted with cocoa powder. You definitely get your money's worth with this because it's a good amount of food for a single person. Spiciness was just right for me and I prefer most of my buffalo style food on the mild side. Perfect amount of sauce because sometimes when you order tenders buffalo style its like dripping with sauce and thankfully that's not the case here. Breading was good and not too thick. Highly recommend!The Mini Philly- the perfect combination of cheese and beef. It's practically a match made in heaven. I think it's the 5 cheese blend that does the trick.Buffalo chicken slider- pretty good too, but I'm not a big fan of feta cheese. Although I would recommend the mini philly rather than this.Onion rings- pretty standard onion rings. Comes with a chocolate ranch sauce, but it honestly tasted really close to plain ranch with a hint of brown color. chocolate pizza- loved every bite of it, just like I expected. Half a pizza is big portion for 1 person so you should really plan on sharing this. The combination of the chocolate marshmallow and crust does the trick- Brenner you a pure genius or chocolate genius that is, hahaha.  Another item where you will get your money's worth!
4	This was the sole food reason I went to Vegas lol. I had to try one of their chocolate milkshakes! I was so thirsty and it was so good that I finished it all in about  2 minutes! Best. Hazelnut. Milkshake. Ever! Especially since it was over 100 degrees out. I really wanted to try something on their breakfast menu, buy that was only served until 2 or 3 pm. Luckily they had a special menu that had this belgian waffle dessert with berries and vanilla ice cream- yum! I had fun pouring the lil choco balls on top. I also ate half my friend's burger- forgot which one we had but it was recommended by our super helpful waiter. :) I checked out the chocolate store afterwards and tried one of their chocolate samples- too sweet for me. They would make perfect gifts though.
5	I think I found my favorite restaurant on the Strip.I had the Tutti Frutti Waffles.  Every single bite was so incredible.  It is seriously the perfect sweet dish.  Waffles, fruit, chocolate, and ice cream.Unfortunately, that's all I've had at this place.  My husband said his burger was amazing and everyone else we dined with said their meals were great.  I can't wait to go back to try other dishes and for happy hour!A party next to us ordered the chocolate fondue.  I am definitely ordering that next time I go here.
4	Okay, so the only reason I give it 4 stars is for the dessert. Don't go here for food. I got a panini and everyone else tried it and liked it, but I really couldn't taste anything. The pizza has ridiculously thin crust. The pasta is overly portioned. The waffle fries are dusted with chili and cocoa powder, but you can't taste the cocoa powder at all. Plus, it's a little expensive, I say you get less than what you pay for. For dessert, however, that's a different story. We got two crepes: hazelnut and white chocolate cheesecake. Both were AMAZING. I can't tell which I like more. The shakes come in the cutest cups I've ever seen (based on Alice in Wonderland- they say DRINK ME). So, overall, I'd say just go here for dessert. It IS a chocolate place. Oh, and the hostess wasn't friendly at all. Didn't smile or anything.
4	Just visited this place with my bf as we had read reviews on yelp. Have to say that we weren't disappointed. We had the spinach fondue which was ok but nothing to write home about, the goats cheese pizza which was really good and we shared the heart shaped chocolate cake which was fab - glad we shared it though as too rich for one person. To drink my bf had a margherita which was really strong but good and I had a tiramisu cocktail which was gorgeous. All in all a really enjoyable experience and our waiter could not do enough for us. Pretty reasonably priced as well - will definitely go there again.
2	I ordered the chocolate pizza for the sheer curiosity of it.  My two stars are really for the pizza itself as thats the only thing i got and from the cashier outside so didn't dine-in. The pizza crust was too thick for my liking and chocolate wasn't enough. It was just ok. Would try something else though.
5	I was so impressed with Max Brenner.  We had gone on a date night and right off the bat we had the best server.  He was friendly, informative, helpful and happy.  Which in Vegas is hard to find happy people that work in the service industry.  Plus they have chocolate pumping through the ventilation system...SMART!I had the special which was a fillet with a sauce and fresh spinach and it was fantastic, the chef even came out to make sure I enjoyed it.  My husband had the fish tacos and almost made himself sick because he was so full but wanted to finish it. We ordered a banana dessert that was amazing and then to top is all off they had made an extra hot white chocolate that wasn't ordered so our server offered it to us...and it was yummy!!!It was a little pricey for us to go to on the regular but for sure I want to go back and take the kids because I think they would enjoy it too.
4	We came here with friends to get dessert after dinner.  I got the hazelnut cream chocolate milkshake.  This was delicious and I could taste the chocolate and hazelnut. I tried the Popsicle chocolate fondue and the hazelnut cream banana toffee crepe.  The Popsicle was okay, you dip a vanilla ice cream bar into melted chocolate, wafer balls or hazelnut. The crepe was delicious, it had a nice crunchy crepe and sweet filling.  Service was slow and place wasn't crowded so don't come here if you are in a hurry.
5	It was my second time coming here and this time I wasn't hungover from the night before.I ordered the same Guilt Free Omelet  that I think I did last time and it seemed like it came with a lot more stuff. At least stuff that I could stomach. The omelet was made up of mushroom, spinach, onion, peppers, tomato & swiss cheese and it was delicious. Even though I was full, I kept eating.The sides included a diamond dusted sugar buttermilk biscuit, spiced fries and melted chocolate lick.The biscuit was great especially with the chocolate but there was no way I could eat all of it because my body told me to stop or else it'd give me diabetes.I also shared an Eighties Milkshake which perfect except for that whole body threatening me with diabetes thing.
3	This place was just OK for me.  My friend came in town and we went here for late breakfast early lunch then hit up the mall.-We were greeted and seated promptly-great!-Drinks took a bit to get [smoothie and a coffee with chocolate came out fine] water took a bit longer. Straws to drink the water even longer. CHECK even took longer. At one point our waitress was out on the patio singing and dancing and we were looking for ketchup.- Music is definitely eclectic can't say I liked it but it was interesting- I really wanted fish tacos, but they make them with CATFISH -blah, gag, gross, no thanks [again see my seafood kick]- We ordered 2 sandwiches to share:  the Bacon, Avocado, Lettuce, Tomato and the Pulled Pork (get that one)The BALT or whatever is called was drowning in dressing b/w the bread. It was so much so that when asked how our meal was by the manager [PS this is a rarity so I will give  1/2 a star just for that] we mentioned that the sandwich was no good. We were told someone was training in the back and maybe was over doing it. SUGGESTION-get the dressing on the side for this one or don't order it at all.The Pulled Pork was amazing, their BBQ sauce was really really good. Both sandwiches came with 2 pickles that were rather uneventful :(The most disappointing were the chili chocolate powdered fries--they were less fun then Arby's curly fries and def not Chick-Fil-A waffle fry status.I'm not rushing to go back.
5	CHOCOLATE GALORE! I AM IN H-E-A-V-E-N!I love chocolate, always have, always will and this place is hands down Amazing! Don't get me wrong, I LOVE my Ghirardhelli Chocolate by my goodness this place is amazing. You can smell the cocoa as you are walking in! Everything was amazing and I can't wait to go back!Melissa, was very patient with us and gave great recommendations. I had a white chocolate mocha with a shot of amaretto! YUMMY plus their omelet with chorizo and mushroom. I love their potatoes and wish I got more. (I love all things potatoes btw.) All in all, can't wait to come back. Hopefully it will be the New York one. ( I am so over Vegas)
3	Food good, service, not so much.   After all the hype, I was ready to give this place a try!  We set up a reservation and arrived with our table waiting and ready.  It was about 9:30 pm on a Friday night and we wanted dinner, drinks, and of course we wanted to try the chocolate.  I started off with the White russian and it was really good.  We also ordered the Peach Lemonade which was good, but nothing special.  For food, we started off with the Creamy Spinach & Artichoke Fondue and we tore it up, we both really liked it.  For dinner, she had the Angus Beef Brenner burger with bacon and I had the Really Cheesy- Really Crunchy Mac & Cheese with Chicken.  Both the dinners were awesome!  I really enjoyed the Mac& Cheese and it was a huge  portion.    This is when the service went from good to horrible.    Our server basically vanished around this time, but finally showed up and we packed our to go plates.  They were out of the special order fantastic popsicle, so instead of the fondue,  we ordered the banana split waffle for dessert.   The waffle was cold and didn't have much flavor, but a fork full of banana, waffle, chocolate, caramel and ice cream was really scrumptious.    By the time the server showed up we had eaten about half of it ( it was plenty for two).  So i mentioned to her that the waffle wasn't warm at all, and she replied "but the banana was warm right? "  and walked away.   She brought us our bill and then vanished for about 15 mins,  we gave our payment to another server finally and we just wanted to leave at that point.  Overall, it was decent.  I would like to go back and try the breakfast.
4	Cande's Killer breakfast skillet- shareable and delicious!  You can request a diamond dusted sugar buttermilk biscuit, instead of the house baguette.   Mocha was okay, nothing special.Banana waffle is sweet, but very tasty.  I recommend splitting this.Service was great.
4	the corn croquettes are the best thing i had here!you must try them!i also had the burger (whatever the standard burger is).  it was good, but nothing extraordinary.  the waffle fries were a disappointment.  they were so overcooked it was basically like eating over-fried potato chips.my ger-ger had the chicken foccacia sandwhich, it tasted good.we shared the macaroni and cheese.  it was very good!  i loved how it came with a little side of marinara to pour on to add a little variety to the flavors.the chocolate cookie for dessert was very yummy!overall a very good place, but for the prices i expected something a little more spectacular.
4	My go to meal spot has always been Grand Luxe.  What's not to love about a place that serves greasy affordable goodness in a pretty decent setting at all hours of the day.  But there comes a time when new horizons must be pushed, or maybe revisit old places which one has stumbled into in an incoherent fashion at one point or another.  And so, Max Brenner was targeted for the next mid day meal (for obvious reasons) which offered a somewhat delightful meal (although not for some.)If its any consolation prize, the savory foods may be a little on the edge, but the sweets are definitely a high point here, namely chocolate.-Brenner Burger - delicious.  but when is a burger not?  plus for coming with waffle fries which sealed the deal.-Waffle Fries with Cocoa Powder and Chili sauce - although just came with extra sauce, it was really good.  -Molly Stones Croquetes - absolutely delicious little crunchy things with tons of cheese on them. -Banana Split Waffle - This was pretty out of this world.  The chocolate sauce drizzled over it perfectly along with the ice cream and caramel layer and mini crunchy chocolate balls.  I'm not a sweets person, but this one got to me.
4	Happy Hour + chocolate drinks + chocolate pizza + real food = orgasmic. Max Brenner has some serious chocolate going on. I highly recommend coming here for happy hour and trying out their chocolate pizza, chocolate drinks, and their extras in the "to-go" store!
3	My expectations were really high for Max Brenner and it was a little bit of a let down. The BALT (avocado BLT) I got for dinner was very good but my dessert of Urban S'mores was just ok. Service was excellent and ambiance was wonderful too. I just felt like the dessert fell short. Maybe next time I'll get a milkshake or something.
5	Everything we ordered was delicious!!  I had the pizza and salad and both were out of this world!!!  We split the chocolate fondue for dessert, yum!!  Our waiter was extremely friendly and helpful!!!
5	AMAZING. This was a great end to a night. got there at about 10:30pm (they close at 11pm). they sat us quickly and did not rush us at all. We shared the fondue (Dark Chocolate, Toffee, Milk Chocolate). the presentation was great and the food they gave you tasted amazing. Marshmallows, fruit, brownies and cookies. we had to be rolled out of there. If you love anything chocolate. don't hesitate going here.
4	Max Brenner is known for his chocolate, and not so much for his food.  I have had the burger and the fish tacos, both of which were pretty tasty.  The coco dusted waffle fries are delicious, as was the fondue.  Unfortunately, the portions are quite small, and always leave me hungry afterwards.
5	During a recent weekend getaway to Las Vegas, my husband and I stopped here for an afternoon snack. We shared a Hazelnut Cream Chocolate Milkshake and the O.M.G. Dark Chocolate Chunk Cookie. The milkshake was delicious, perfectly smooth and balanced in flavor, and not too rich; much to our surprise, it topped our previous favorite milkshake at Burger Bar. The "drink me" cup it came in was a nice touch  As for the cookie... O.M.G. indeed. It was so yummy, and I loved that it came with whipped cream, berries, and melted milk chocolate so you could play with the flavors. Again, the plating was cute since it was served on porcelain graph paper with a beaker for the melted chocolate. Good dessert, cool atmosphere, prompt and friendly service.
5	This is THE place to go for some amazing desserts. I look back at all my Vegas trips in the past and I keep wondering why none of them had Max Brenner part of the plans. Well no longer!!!The Butterscotch Milkshake and Hazelnut Milkshake are to die for. You take one sip and you are in heaven. Not too sweet and not too rich. You just keep on drinking and you can't stop. While my friends back was turned I stole hers. I stick with my decision and I would do it again if I had another chance.Chocolate Pizza with the works is a dentist appointment waiting to happen. Chocolate, bananas, caramel, and marshmallows... a s'more fit for a king. It's pretty big and very rich, so it's best you share.It's not sin city till you sin that sweet tooth of yours.
5	My friend recommended this place when we stayed in Vegas. It was certainly a delight for a chocolate lover like me. As soon as you walked close by, you could smell the aroma of chocolate. My friend and I shared a pizza and a chocolate java cake. They made my day perfect.
4	Fun atmosphere, amazing chocolate, small portions.I was almost shocked by the food being so small, I understand the smaller portions are healthier, but when you are coming to a restaurant that is famous for their chocolate and desserts, you obviously aren't on a diet. Although the portions were stingy, the food was wonderful, service was great, and I plan on going back!
5	Great ambiance.  The Molly's white corn croquettes are a must have.  The ricotta and mushroom pizza is very good.  The sharing chocolate fondue is amazing.  The food was all perfectly shared by four.  Perfect amount for tastings and light lunch.  The Eighties Shake is good, but very rich.
5	This place smells so heavenly. Whatever you do get some biscuits and smother them in chocolate sauce or butter. I haven't eaten that many biscuits in my life but these were the best ones I ever had. A solid crunch on the outside and a oh so pillowy soft  in the inside. I ordered another basket of them before I could finish my brunch. On a side note the vege omelette I got was good but I stuffed myself silly with biscuits and chocolate sauce.
4	The one place I wanted to visit while at the forum shops was this place. I love chocolate and desserts in general. I didn't dine in, but did get their $5 double chocolate chip cookie. I'm not a huge cookie fan, but this was delicious! It was a big cookie jammed with tons of chocolate chips. But it wasn't overly sweet. It was soft, chewy, very chocolatey, and big enough to tide me over until dinner!The small gift shop area was cute. Everything was so expensive, but what a chocoholic's dream come true! I hope to try their fondue or milkshakes next time! I could easily gain 5 lbs. from this place alone.
5	These folks take chocolate very seriously!  I can't even recall what I had because I had so much going on that day...I started off with some really deep deep chocolate cocoa in this really cool mug that you use both hands to grab.  |Then I had a substitute for their chocolate molten brownie-cake that came with a drizzle-cup (for lack of a better term) of  warm chocolate,  a mousse shake, and 3 scoops of caramel ice cream...I was on a such a rush it was a ridiculous!I actually didn't want anymore chocolate after I left but I do have a deeper respect for real dessert bars than I did before...
2	Horribly slow service.  Waitress with attitude.  So so food that's waaaaay overpriced.
4	Came here for brunch on one of these Vegas trips, and what did I fall in love with? Not their chocolate, no, but their corn croquettes! I normally don't go for fried food, but my party wanted to try them, so why not? They were amazing! The fried outside was surprisingly light and crisp, and the inside was gooey with cheese and corn goodness. The sauce was addicting! I had to stop myself from licking off the plate it was so good!! It was like a mayo type sauce, but 100 times better. Drinks:I should say I'm not a huge fan of chocolate in general, but I wasn't about to be the Debbie Downer of the group, and I never shy away from trying something at least once. So, I was a good sport and tried the Mexican Spicy hot chocolate. The server of course asked if I wanted milk or dark chocolate, and because I was feeling adventurous that day, I asked for half milk and half dark. Bad idea. Sometimes being adventurous just doesn't pay off. My hot chocolate came out to be spicy and bitter. Not a very good mix. However, one of the girls got the thick Italian hot chocolate, and that was delicious. Probably because it was all milk chocolate. Note to self: never get a dark hot chocolate. It just doesn't make any sense now that I think of it. Why would you choose a bitter flavor in a sweet drink?Another girl in our group got the chocolate Chai tea. I've never had Chai tea before, but my friend is an avid Chai tea lover, and she claimed that this was the BEST Chai tea she has ever had. I tried it and I must say the Chai flavor is very strong, and it was pretty yummy for a first timer. I'm definitely getting this next time.Food:When you begin looking at the extensive menu, it can really be overwhelming because everything just sounds so good. Even for brunch, I was torn among the breakfast skillet, the cinnamon and white chocolate truffle french toast, after party belgian waffle, and the guilt free omelet. I finally narrowed it down just to the savories because it was that kind of day. I ended up choosing the burrito because other girls ordered the skillet and omelet. When you think breakfast burrito, you think big. At least that's what I think when I order a breakfast burrito. I imagine stuffing myself in egg, cheese, and whatever goodness is in the burrito. To my huge disappointment, the burrito came in a tiny serving. I can almost compare it to an egg roll. That's how disappointed I was. However, looks can be deceiving, and that's exactly what I realized after my first bite. The burrito came already cut into two, and each opening was sprinkled with cinnamon or nutmeg. It was a sweet spice that I couldn't decipher, but it complimented the burrito well. They used a red tortilla that was probably tomato flavored. I couldn't tell because you really don't taste any special flavor from the tortilla. The burrito stuffing includes farm fresh eggs, spicy chorizo, tomato, and pepper jack cheese. It's served with spiced home fries but I substituted it with the waffle fries. My first bite was absolute heaven. The perfect amount of egg, cheese, and sausage. Not too spicy and not at all too many flavors. Everything worked together, and I just wanted to say good things do come in small packages. Sometimes. The breakfast skillet was a pretty large serving, and it was absolutely what you would have expected: an egg hash scramble with sausage, bell peppers, onions, tomatoes, spinach, mushroom, and their home fries. It's nothing new but still delicious if you want to be safe. I would say the same about their omelet. Serving was big, and it was expectedly a good omelet. In the end, we were too full to try any of their desserts, but we all decided it was worth another trip to Vegas just for their desserts one of these days. Overall, if you're here for food, you MUST try the corn croquettes. The best I've ever had. The burrito was delicious, but order only if you're feeling adventurous and beware of the small portion. I was full in the end, but that's because I also ate part of my sister's breakfast skillet.
4	5 stars for the desserts. 3 stars for their regular food. I've been to Max Brenner so many times now. It's the best place for friends to gather around over some BOMB  dessert. It never gets TOO crowded, and the restaurant is pretty big. They always seem to be able to accommodate our party regardless of the time and size.Things I've tried1. Creamy Parmesan Risotto: Pretty good, HUGE dish (definitely share-able), but nothing super special about it.2. Black Sesame salmon: Good sesame flavor, tender salmon. Pretty tasty, nice presentation.3. Chubby Smoked Turkey Club: Nothing too special. I've had better club sandwiches. Served with waffle fries dusted with cocoa powder. Meh. Didn't taste any of the cocoa. Did not taste as exciting as it sounded. 4. The Fantastic Popsicle Chocolate Fondue: So much fun! You get 1 or 2 vanilla ice cream bars that you can dip in chocolate sauce and all sorts of fun toppings. Very tasty too!5. Suckao "do-it-yourself" Hot Chocolate: Another super fun Max Brenner concoction. You're giving some warm milk over a small flame and a bunch of chocolate. You add  as much chocolate as you want into the milk. Fun drink, but not as tasty as the regular Hot chocolate. I love the 'hug mug' that the Hot Cocoa is served in. You can buy your own in the gift shop!6. Hazelnut cream chocolate milkshake: Tastes like frozen Nutella. NOMS Much tastier than the frozen hot chocolate at Serendipity's and cheaper too! Again, served in a really adorable cup that can be purchased in the gift shop. Great spot for some great dessert. Awesome service. Wonderful location (In the Forum Shops, across from the H&M).
5	The lunch was good.  Unfortunately I didn't have room for dessert.  Though I did manage a cappuccino in the kangaroo cup,  with the chocolate.   I really enjoyed the food?  I'm going to try to make it back for dessert.- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Ok,  a year later,  we made it back for dinner and dessert.  This is definitely one of my faves in Vegas.  Great meal,  great service.  The desserts and coffee and chocolate drinks are excellent.
3	Our group tried a bunch of the menu items here and even if you order a healthy item, it comes with a sugar dusted biscuit and some chocolate. If you are looking for a rich and decadent breakfast, this is your place. It is a great place for large parties and large stomachs as well. I personally thought the items were a bit too heavy and rich but that is probably personal preference.Service was a bit slow and it took us quite some  time to order and also to get our check. They have some tables outside so you can do some people watching in the mall while you eat as well.Huevos Rancheros Sunrise Burrito, farm fresh scrambled eggs, spicy chorizo sausage, tomato, pepper jack cheese served with spiced home friesCande's Killer Breakfast Skillet, farm fresh eggs, sausage, onions, bell peppers, tomatoes, spinach, home fries & mushrooms seasoned and scrambled together served with a house baguette Guilt Free Omelet, mushroom, spinach, onion, peppers, tomato & swiss cheese served with a diamond dusted sugar buttermilk biscuit, spiced home fries & pure melted chocolate lickIllegal Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate Pancakes 60% dark chocolate trule cream, pure milk chocolate shavings, spiced pecans, caramelized bananas *1/2 Chocolate Chunks Pizza, Max's double chocolate melting chunks & bananas, peanut butter
3	Our group tried a bunch of the menu items here and even if you order a healthy item, it comes with a sugar dusted biscuit and some chocolate. If you are looking for a rich and decadent breakfast, this is your place. It is a great place for large parties and large stomachs as well. I personally thought the items were a bit too heavy and rich but that is probably personal preference.Service was a bit slow and it took us quite some time to order and also to get our check. They have some tables outside so you can do some people watching in the mall while you eat as well.Huevos Rancheros Sunrise Burrito, farm fresh scrambled eggs, spicy chorizo sausage, tomato, pepper jack cheese served with spiced home friesCande's Killer Breakfast Skillet, farm fresh eggs, sausage, onions, bell peppers, tomatoes, spinach, home fries & mushrooms seasoned and scrambled together served with a house baguette Guilt Free Omelet, mushroom, spinach, onion, peppers, tomato & swiss cheese served with a diamond dusted sugar buttermilk biscuit, spiced home fries & pure melted chocolate lickIllegal Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate Pancakes 60% dark chocolate trule cream, pure milk chocolate shavings, spiced pecans, caramelized bananas *1/2 Chocolate Chunks Pizza, Max's double chocolate melting chunks & bananas, peanut butter
4	Max Brenner is located in the Forum Shops of Caesar's Palace, right across from the boastful H&M.Came here with my boyfriend for lunch since we had no idea where else to go. We got a seat quite quickly and sat down. I ordered the quesadilla and my boyfriend had the scramble or hash or omlette whatever you wanna call it. The quesadilla itself was good but the sauce I could do without. Its one of those types of things where you try once and it tastes okay but it wouldn't be enjoyable if it were something you had to eat the whole meal. Babe's scramble/hash/omlette was good and I liked the home fries. My friend also advised that the hazelnut milkshake was delicious so I ordered it and yes, it was delicious. Beyond delicious in fact. The milkshake cups were also a sight for sore eyes. I wish I could have taken it home with me.The interior looked like an industrialized Willy Wonka factory. The service here was a tad slow but still kind.
3	The main thing that stood out about Max Brenner was that the service was excruciatingly slow. Even though the restaurant was at half capacity, we waited very long for our drinks, our food, small add-ons like extra ketchup, the check, and the check again (since the server processed the charges incorrectly the first time). In fact, members of my party got up several times to see if they could expedite some of the process, such as by taking the check to the counter themselves (denied!) or waiting by the kitchen door to get some ketchup (that worked).My vegetarian "Guilt-Free" omelette tasted fine. The buttermilk biscuit and extremely soft butter won some bonus points for brunch. My Bloody Mary was a bit watery and could have used more of a kick.
5	Food - deliciousService - ExcellentWould I come back again?  ABSOLUTELY.What a great experience!  The server was extremely friendly and very helpful as my friend and I could not decide what to order.  And each suggestion was right on.  We never had to wait around for her to come by.  She was constantly checking on us and refilling our drinks.  All in all it was a great time and a god experience and I will definitely be visiting this place again.
5	This was the exact opposite of Serendipity and was amazing. It is located across from the H&M in the Forum Shops and is worth every penny. It is a chocolate lover's paradise and their desserts speak for themselves. From the dessert offerings to the ambiance and the presentation of the food/drinks this place deserves all five stars!Note to bachelorettes: while they don't do a special bachelorette dessert they will bring out a birthday one that totally works and makes her feel special.
5	SO. GOOOOOOOODtechnically, I think there were several factors that contributed to my amazement at this restaurantone being I was starving for sweets coming out of the celine dion concert (which btw, you all reading this review should buy tickets to see this girl sing cus oh she can definitely still sing!!) and two, it was a chocolate restaurant, what is not to love?I like this place better than Serendipity's because the savory food is also very good. you won't go wrong with trying anything. just eenie meeni minny moe on the menu and you'll end up having a fantastic experience at Max Brenners.
4	So apparently Max Brenner is known for chocolate so after my many walk arounds in the Forum Shops, I decided to stop by here for a smoothie and hang by the pool before the pool closed.I ordered the white chocolate strawberry smoothie.  It was like $8 something but I wasn't tripping because it's Vegas and in the Forum Shops.  The smoothie was pretty delicious I will say. Their kiosk outside their restaurant is closed Monday-Wednesday or something like that so you have to go to the bar and order.
4	Two things to get while here: chocolate pancakes and some sort of espresso/chocolate drink (like a mocha). Both are excellent. You may think chocolate pancakes sound disgusting, but they aren't. It's more food than most people can eat, mostly because it's so rich. But, it's awesome. This is a must have meal for the wife when we're in Vegas.  The various mocha and related chocolate espresso drinks are top notch as well. The regular breakfast and brunch items are good, but don't stand out. You won't be disappointed if you order them, as long as someone at the table gets the chocolate pancakes and gives you a bite.
4	Definitely a place to try! Their food was great and I was a big fan of the milkshake that came in the cute Alice in Wonderland themed cup. Had to buy one for myself before I left :)Would love to try the chocolate pancakes everyone has been talking about as well as the hot chocolate. Loved the decorations and feel of this restaurant too!
5	My wife and I went here for brunch one morning and it was incredible. We loved it so much, we went back for dinner the next night with another couple that we were traveling with. It was a great fun dinner. We all loved everything we got. I was very surprised that the restaurant wasn't packed like other places around it, but the quiet atmosphere was great. I can't wait to go back
2	Sometimes schticky places are fun and yummy. Unfortunately for us, this chocolate kingdom proved to be more paradise lost than paradise found.We thought this would be the perfect place for DD (turning 9) on her bday, since she's a chocoholic. Everything started out promising, with oodles of chocolate drink selections from which to choose. Both her and her younger bro ordered kids' oreo shake. Not sure they used real oreos, as the flavor was off. Strike one.While waiting for food the four of us really wanted water. (We all ordered specialty drinks, but sometimes you need some water to counter the sweet.) Should be simple enough, right? Hmm. Where's our server? Any server? Bueller? Bueller?? Ten minutes later, we finally get someone's attention. (Mind you, the place wasn't tremendously busy.) Strike 2.Kids were SUPER excited about the "decorate your own pizza." Menu said it comes as a cheese pizza with lots of toppings with which to decorate. The pizza arrived on a cute wooden board, with a small dish of about 5 cherry tomato halves. Nothing else. Not olives. Or pepper.  Or anything else. Seriously? Just a few tomato halves to "decorate" a kid's pizza. Strike 3.On top of that, the food was barely mediocre (think fast food, drive thru quality despite steep sit down prices). The Greek salad was more parsley stalks (yes, stalks) than lettuce, the "feta" was unflavorful, the dressing was off, the olives were small smashed pieces.The onion ring batter was pretty good, but the rings were greasy.  And a big no-no in my book: they were ordered as appetizer, but took forever and showed up seconds before main entrees.The kids' pizza was a bit greasy, unflavorful and had a soggy crust. (Think Pizza Hut thin crust sitting out too long.)The club sandwich wasn't bad at all. If you are suckered going into this place, it's a fairly safe bet. Want a better bet? When you see the bald chocolatier, keep walking.
1	Dinner was horrible! Service was horrible! HORRIBLE experience!! Never Again!
5	I saw the reviews on yelp, and decided to try. One of the best veggie burgers and chocolate pan cakes on this planet. If you are in Vegas, definitely worth a stop. Plenty options for vegetarian and kid-friendly. Good customer service. I can't wait to be back.
3	Not as I expected. Found the desserts to be overpriced, too 'fun', and really...not that great. While the staff was actually some of the friendliest, and coolest, everything else was kind of blah. I was surprised that "Chocolate From The Bald Man" actually had mostly food, and less desserts than everyone was making it sound. They were actually 'out' of the ice cream pop stick that we were looking to try. At least the waiter suggested we sit at the bar for half off our desserts and coffee during happy hour. Kudos to that!
4	This review is based on the one and only "the works" chocolate pizza!It was my goal to try this on my latest Vegas trip, and boy did it not disappoint!It was about $10 for a half pizza. But best $10 I spent that day! If you're a peanut butter lover, I dont see how you could go wrong with this.  The PERFECT dessert, in my opinion :DI will be coming back next time.  Hopefully to try more amazing chocolate desserts, but the non-dessert foods looked good too!
2	Came here on a Sunday around 1pm with 9 people and did not have a good experience.The Service ---Horrible.  It's like our server knew she was getting her 18% either way so she kind of ignored us.  She came quickly with our water.  After about 15 minutes waiting to order, one of the food runners said he would get our server.  I don't think he did.  We finally saw her and flagged her down to order.  That was the second time we saw her.  The third was when our food came after what seemed like forever and the last time was for our check.  There was one point when they were bringing our food out and we had asked one of the food runners for ketchup.  He brought us 3 little dishes of ketchup and then the other side of the table asked our server for ketchup.  She looked over at us and said, "Are you guys going to use all that ketchup?".  Seriously, you can't walk back to the kitchen to get more ketchup?  The restaurant wasn't that crowded so there was no excuse for this service.  Oh and then when we got our change back, she shorted us 64 cents.  When we asked her about it she said she doesn't carry change.  Even if you don't carry change, you don't short people.  It should be the other way around, give them extra.  Yeah, sure, it's only 64 cents but after the experience we had, it was just the icing on top of the cake.The Food ---The food was good.  I got the Max-ican omelette.  It came with Swiss cheese, salsa, black beans, avocado and a side of home fries, a biscuit and a dish of melted chocolate.  The chocolate was bomb, not going to deny that.  The omelette and home fries were also good but not outstanding.  The butter that came with the biscuit tasted like air so the biscuit was pretty dry.The Prices --- I think most of the dishes were somewhere in the neighborhood of $14.Definitely am not coming back.  The food did not make up for the service.  If the food had been any worse, I would have given 1 star.
4	Good food slow service.  Pizza, macaroni and cheese, chicken sandwich.
5	Everything that i tried on the menu is great. Only complain is the servers can be snotty. Other than that i love this place! Need a trip back here soon.
2	Horrible service.  We had a party of 9 and Brook was our waitress.  We had to ask her to take our order after waiting 15 minutes and it took our food another 30 minutes.  We came around 1:00pm and it was not busy.  The table next to us was seated after us and got their food before us.  Brook spilled water on me and did not apologize.  Food was also dropped on me when they were clearing the table, once again without an apology.  Brook never came to check on us after we ordered our food and we had to ask for our bill.  Good food, horrible service. If you get Brook I recommend you ask for someone else or find somewhere else to eat.
4	First of all, great service! We have asked for a simple explanation of the new items of the menu and suggestion, I got a chicken burger, and my sister got the waffle sandwich, very innovative idea with savory waffle. Actually very good. But of course the highlight is the chocolate menu. Our heads were spinning as there were so many items to choose from. We ended up choosing the chocolate truffle cake-warm lava coming out of the cake paired up with chocolate shake. I wish I know the server's name, he was awesome! The next night, we could not resist and went back for an Italian Hot cocoa dark chocolate and Tiramisu. Tiramisu was not as impressive as the chocolate cake from the night before but still VERY good! The hot cocoa was to die for! HOT CHOCOLATE SOUP!!!!! You've got to check out the attached chocolate store, we bought a lot home! Music was little loud both times, maybe I am getting old :)
4	So Max's now offers waffle sandwiches, as in, they wrap a rosemary waffle around a sandwich, and voila, lunch! It could have used a little of their signature sweetness, maybe some cocoa powder for fun, but I liked what they were going for overall. On the sweet side, I had the After Party Belgian Waffle, which was fine, but a real contrast to the Illegal Chocolate Pancakes, mainly as the waffles are two fairly tiny dollar pancake sized morsels with about two feet of whipped cream on top, compared to the truly hefty pancakes at the same price. It's no contest: love the pancakes, okay on the waffles. It worries me that the joint is almost always empty, because I do really like Max and hope he stays in Vegas; that said, I think they'd do miles better somewhere like Planet Hollywood, Cosmopolitan, or Paris, as opposed to next to the snack bar in Caesar's Forum Shops.
4	I've ALWAYS wanted to try Max Brenner because I heard this place is perfect for chocolate lovers!  .. I finally got to try this place, and although I didn't get to have any food, I did order a milkshake and it was heaven!  I got the eighties milkshake and it had milk chocolate ganache, vanilla ice cream, and a crunchy chocolate shell ~ it was roughly $8 and worth every penny!  I can't wait to go back and have a real dining experience - their chocolate pizza looks so good!Also - I sat at the bar and my service was great. I also didn't come with a huge party so that probably helped.  They're located in Caesars Palace in the Forum Shops..
5	I have a new crush and it isnt on Dre the hot waiter.  Okay, so I do have a crush on him but it isnt hot and passionate like my love of Max Brenner.We were taking a friend out for her birthday and since she is a chocolate fanatic Max Brenner was perfect.  I was hesitant ordering lunch since I didnt know if they slacked on their meals and just focused on dessert.  No fear, their other foods are also top notch.  I had a great breakfast burrito, the birthday girl ate what she calls the best panini of her life and the third girl ordered their Southwest Cesar Salad.  All of us were more than pleased.  Then the dessert came.  Birthday girl and I shared a smores type thing.  Dre said it was small but there were still leftovers between the two of us.  I wish I could describe this but anything I could say would trivialize the amazingness that was on my plate.  Imagine a jar filled with pudding, chocolate chunks, gram crackers, topped with whip cream. Then there is carmel to drizzle on top of all of it.  I am pretty sure there were like 4 other things going on in the jar but I cant name or recall them.  Oh, plus a side of banana with sauce plus a graham cracker with toasted marshmallows on top. So good.Did I mention, so good.
4	Go for happy hour! And get a dessert...didn't see much point in ordering food. They are all about desserts! And their cookies and cream shake is A-mazing!
4	This place would for sure get 5 stars if they were not out of two desserts that I tried to order, one which was their "signature" heart chocolate cake.  Yet the dinner we had was outstanding it is one of my new favorite spots in the Forum Shops!  You must get a sweet treat here!
4	I love the concept of Max Brenner, a restaurant that offers an appropriately sized entree for the chocolate bacchanalia they offer for dessert.  However the execution (especially of the Union Square one in NYC- crowded with tourists, dirty) falls short. I was happy to find one in the forum shops to drown my sorrows of not being able to afford everything I wanted at Louis, Louboutin, and Burberry. Maybe because we went as they were closing, I was pleasantly surprised compared to NYC. Was happy to order a waffle salad entree (best of both worlds, really! must've been created by an indecisive woman haha). Although I still shake my fist over them nixing the "Chocolate Mess" (a warm, cold, melty, crunchy bowl of PMS), the tiramisu was an acceptable substitute.
4	I was on the mission for the chocolate pizza. Though they don't sell it by the slice anymore and the crust didn't taste as good as the time I got it in New York, I still enjoyed it with the "works" (hazelnut, marshmallow, chocolate, peanut butter, and bananas) warm out of the oven. Shared 1/2 size pizza ($10) amongst the 4 of us. Lots of chocolate goodies here!
5	BEST...SHAKES...EVER...period.  I wish I was there right now so I could be drinking one.
3	Came in for breakfast on a Friday. We had a great waitress...seemed a bit fanatical about Max...but otherwise really good service. The three stars is because the breakfast menu is so limited. I had the nutella strawberry crepes. They were good but way too rich. I plan on coming back for a tipsy ice cream sundae tonight. If it's as good as it sounds from the menu description I will revise my review to 4 stars. I definitely wouldn't come here for a"real" food again though.
4	Desserts here are definitely delectable and decadent.  I had an old Groupon that expired but still good for the original $12 I paid to purchase it, so my friends and I came for an after-dinner snack.  Our waitress was very nice, but at first, she said I couldn't use my Groupon since they had no way of verifying whether or not I used it before.  However, the Groupon stated the original value never expired, so she spoke w/ a manager (again) and said I could use it.  Dang right!  They were able to scan it at the end anyway and verify it was good, so make sure to insist to use your expired Groupon if you are denied the first time!I got the half-sized pizza with roasted mini marshmallow and hazelnut bits ($9.75).  The thing is exactly like a pizza, except for the toppings.  My friend thought the bread was too doughy (it's just like pizza dough) and preferred it to be thinner.  It was super sweet, and we could only eat a small slice each.  I prob wouldn't get this one again.  My other friend got an Espresso Shake while the other friend ordered the Banana Hazelnut Crepe ($13.95).  The crepe was really large and super sweet as well.  It was really good, though.  I'm not a huge fan of crepes since I lean more towards crispy food than soggy, and I find crepes to usually be more of latter than former. The shake was also delicious.  You could taste a slight hint of the coffee, as it was not overpowering.  It was not thick at all, though, and more like melted ice cream.  I would have preferred it to have more of a shake consistency, which it did not at all.  Prices are pretty steep here but the desserts are more than enough for at least two people.  It's a great place to go for anyone with a sweet tooth.  The chocolate was also very good!  We had wanted to dry one popsicle dessert, but the waitress said they've been out of it for two months.  She said something about how their chocolate (or the popsicles) is made in Israel or something crazy like that.  We had no wait on a late Sat night.
4	I was totally surprised by the Deep Fudge Chocolate Cake & Shake. The presentation is delightful and light for a deceivingly rich cake. The mini cake is packed with flavor but the sweetness is very subtle. If you have a sweet tooth, you can pour on or dip your cake into the chocolate cream they give you and it'll be like a chocolate cake fondue. The cake was so moist and baked in perfectness too! My family also tried a shake and two hot chocolates (one dark and one milk chocolate). Those items were tasty but the price makes hesitates me to get it again. Otherwise, good experience with service and cleanliness and the chill atmosphere!
5	Chocoholics, beware of overdosing at this chocolate-themed restaurant! (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=MrvNywG_ed2VdWQhunk44Q&userid=HDxFZKFQyL6ChxXkAbgETw)Having done my research on Yelp beforehand, I already knew that I was not going to leave Vegas without trying Max Brenner. Located inside The Forum Shops (part of and right next to Caesars Palace), parking was a little confusing at first because The Forum Shops has its own parking lot that's separate from Caesars Palace's parking lot (you have to circle down around the Colosseum). Max Brenner was surprisingly empty on that Sunday lunchtime..and that suited me just fine! Also, I was not expecting the restaurant, which looked unassuming and average from the front, to be so big and spacious inside. They had chocolate-themed decor inside (chocolate "pipes" running across the ceilings and walls, posters featuring chocolate, jars of candy/cookies, etc (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=pMUkSaVSD9zUcP5KG_mOhA&userid=HDxFZKFQyL6ChxXkAbgETw)) and nice couches for people to lounge around, although I'm not sure when you will need to lounge around unless you're waiting for someone in the restroom (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=CutljJ3FFNhZLodcz9Y48Q&userid=HDxFZKFQyL6ChxXkAbgETw).Even though it was empty that day, service was still kind of lackluster. It took us forever to flag down our waiter to place our orders and get some cups of water...and there were only three tables that were seated in the whole place! I noticed that the other tables were having trouble getting the waiter's attention as well. Anyway, after we placed our orders and got our food, we hardly noticed the slow service because the food overtook our mouths, our minds, our conversations, and our souls.Banana Split Waffles (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=ywqLRT_IZ8bQwUx1KUVkpg&userid=HDxFZKFQyL6ChxXkAbgETw) - Even though I would categorize waffles as a breakfast item, Max Brenner placed its waffle dishes in its dessert menu, so be sure to look through all their menus before you order! The waffles were amazing. Even though the portions look small, it was actually very filling. There were so many components to this dish I didn't know where to start! The caramelized bananas were super delicious and together with the crunchy chocolate-covered rice krispies, chocolate syrup, and creamy ice cream made the waffles send me into cardiac arrest and fly up to heaven!Guilt-Free Omelet (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=2y5M9yOwQwEUDYB98aMaNA&userid=HDxFZKFQyL6ChxXkAbgETw) - So, we all know that Vegas is a fattening city. I don't even want to think about how many calories I took in just from the endless alcohol drinks and buffet food. It was only natural that my friend and I decided to appease our guilt by ordering the Guilt-Free Omelet. My friend substituted the eggs for only egg whites (at no additional charge!) and the omelet was amazing. Cheesy and fluffy, and filled with all these veggie goodies. The potatoes on the side were okay, but I liked the herb seasoning on them. The biscuit was AMAZING! Soft, buttery, and so so so good with their chocolate sauce (hey, cannot escape Max Brenner without tasting their chocolate)!Illegal Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate Pancakes (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=B51pIQ9RY-J-A1tBHQtLWg&userid=HDxFZKFQyL6ChxXkAbgETw) - Yes, there is THAT much chocolate that they had to put in the word chocolate 3x to do the pancakes justice! I would recommend that you split this with at least 3 people (and that is if you're only planning on eating these pancakes and nothing else) because they are huge and densely soaked in chocolate and syrup. Yummm..I can totally see why such a thing would be illegal, even in Sin City..Hazelnut Cream Chocolate Milkshake (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=U05QfAZxZE0yhI1PaPogaA&userid=HDxFZKFQyL6ChxXkAbgETw) - At first my friend tried to stop me from ordering yet another fatty item, but I was determined to try a milkshake here. They had so many options (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=zSuQ9qhGuAJbbxRuhhVgcw&userid=HDxFZKFQyL6ChxXkAbgETw) that I could not for the life of me believe I had to narrow it down to just one. Alas, I chose the Hazelnut Cream one because I love hazelnut in my coffee, in gelato, in anything. It was put in a cute "Drink Me" (Alice in Wonderland, anyone?) cup and my eyes popped open the second I took a sip. Best. Milkshake. Ever. Imagine Nutella in a milkshake form, but 100x better.My other friends ordered a Brenner Burger (with Kobe beef), which came with some tasty cocoa-dusted waffle fries, and the waffle sandwich, which I was too full to try. Max Brenner, you were so worth the calories!
4	Divine! When do you ever hear that from me? Well when I got to eat here! Seriously every chocolate lover's dream. And if you're not a chocolate lover gasp! Well You'll find something to like. Went here on a weekday during our first morning in Vegas. It wasn't busy at all.  Passed by here on an evening and that's when it was busy.  Ordered the chai chocolate, and I love how it was presented!  I got breakfast with the goat cheese it was good.  We ordered this waffle chocolate thingy and wow!  I was just wanna dip everything in their chocolate!  Not bad for a franchise.  Good job bald guy!
3	Everyone seems to think they know it all when it comes to their favorite burger in town, myself included, and this problem doubles when that place also happens to be where they work. People have a certain pride in their workplace if they love it there, and will defend it to the death. I had a friend who worked at Max Brenner in the Forum Shops who always swore they had one of the best burgers she's ever eaten, which I would normally accept if this place wasn't known mostly for their chocolate. How can a dessert place actually have a decent enough burger for her to recommend to me?I've said it before and I'll say it again, I hate going to Caesar's. This becomes even worse when I'm risking a burger meal at a place I have no confidence in. Brenner is located deep in the mall across from the old FAO Schwartz location which is now a completely loud and obnoxious multi-story H&M store. I know this well because I chose to sit in their outdoor 'patio' directly across from this insanity to people watch and take in the scenery. What I didn't think about when I made this request was the ridiculous music coming out of H&M, and is definitely something to think about if you come dine here. Your other option is to sit inside their restaurant which is fairly small and nice, but has the amazing smell of chocolate. The menu is very heavy on the dessert-influenced dishes from shakes to sweet breakfasts, but also has a variety of regular items including pizza, pastas, salads and sandwiches. Quite extensive actually, and I really want to come back to try some of the dessert items as I didn't have any room after my burger.The Brenner Burger comes with Max's secret barbecue sauce, lettuce, tomato, cheddar and a Vidalia onion ring on top, with waffle fries dusted with chili and cocoa powder. It has a great buttery bun; a bit strong at first but quickly got lost in the flavors. The meat had good flavor, it was cooked almost too rare but was still good, although the overall temperature was very low. So low in fact, that my cheddar was barely melted. Isn't that one of the easier cheeses to melt? The onion rings were a bit undercooked as they were hard to bite through, and I ended up pulling them out of their fried ring sadly. I recently told someone that a perfectly cooked ring is easy to bite through leaving the rest intact; this wasn't the case. The barbecue sauce was sweet and good, but there was almost not enough of it as I felt myself longing for that bit of flavor occasionally. The waffle fries were good, but they only give you like five of them in a tiny glass. The cocoa and chili powder are a great concept as a seasoning, but they were hardly noticeable. The aioli on the side was good; it was very sweet and I found myself using it for my burger and fries. The two pickle wedges were ok, but I couldn't finish both after eating the large burger.Overall this could have been a really good burger, but the cold temperature really took away from it. The $14.25 price tag is a bit steep, but I guess I need to take into consideration where I was sitting. Once you do that, it's about on par with some of the other Forum locations I've been to, but possibly not as good. The service was spotty too; my waitress was extremely friendly, but bused a table behind me for 5 minutes after taking drink order and disappeared for at least another 5+ minutes after taking my plate before bringing my check. I will point out that they were pretty quiet too. My friend was right to recommend this burger to me; it's really quite good, but I think it has some competition within the building.
4	I'm a chocoholic, and this is by far the best place for people like me. The menu is full of options that it's hard for me to settle for just one. I went in with some friends and thankfully we all tried different items and I loved them all!! Can't wait to go back!
5	I remember stepping into this chocolatey heaven previously when I visited New York and I thought to myself," why haven't they opened one up in the West Coast?". Sure enough I did a little research on the web and realized they opened one up in Vegas, I begged my fellow partner in crime to come try this place with me. He had no clue what he was getting himself into. He ordered their mac n' cheese and after taking about no more than three bites, confessed that it was the best mac n' cheese he ever had ( better than his mom's and that's something to say ). We also tried their smore concoction and it was the perfect way to end our dinner. I haven't been here since last November but I'm hoping my next Vegas rendezvous will be here, fingers and toes crossed.
4	I should have planned more carefully before coming to Max Brenner's.  We showed up about an hour before closing on a week night, and unfortunately weren't as hungry as we probably should have been before attempting to tackle their HUGE portions!!  We were seated quickly and each given three menus to consider... and probably drooled on all three.  The options for chocolate lovers are overwhelming and deserve time and consideration before committing to order.  Even with our late arrival, we were never rushed to order.  At one point our server seemed ready to sit down and join us to discuss all of options we were considering.  I wish she would have!  The nights were starting to get a little windy and chilly, so the hot chocolate was perfect in both taste and comfort!  I wish it were bigger, but I also realize that if it had been, I wouldn't have been able to eat even the little bit that I did have.Overall, all of the things we sampled (one appetizer, two entrees and a sundae) were great!  Each dish was artfully prepared balancing flavors and textures.  The corn croquettes were crunchy and creamy, sweet and spicy - just perfect!  The S'mores Sundae... Wow!  We were stuffed when we ordered it, but you can't come to Max Brenner's and not do dessert!  We probably should have started with hot chocolate and the sundae and called it a night!  The melted marshmellow and chocolate ice cream together was amazing!  I'm not a fan of graham crackers, but again, the texture they brought to the sundae was perfect!You have to go, just order desert first!!
4	A delicious place to eat within the Forum Shops at Caesars even if you aren't a chocoholic!  If you are a chocoholic...this is THE place to go to.  I'm not a big fan on chocolate myself, but I still throughly enjoyed Max Brenner.  I wish I was a chocolate lover... they had so many creative chocolate beverages and chocolate infused dishes.  They do also keep in mind that not everyone is a chocolate fan which was great.  Service was quick and attentive.  Check out the Max Brenner story inside the menu also while you're waiting for your food, it's a really cute story.
4	Chocolate themed cafe - great chocolate shakes and crepes with that Max Brenner  influence. Good afternoon treat!
4	Tasty dessert place at the Venetian.  Has coffee, tea, waffle sundaes, and several other delightful treats.  Their teas are my favorite, even though I'm more of a coffee person.  You definitely should try their vanilla tea.  So so good and unhealthy... but satisfying!
3	I've been to Max Brenner's in NY before...not to eat, but just to check out the gift shop and goodies. It is one cool place to visit that's for sure and the chocolate gift shop is pretty awesome...especially those chocolate syringes :P The vegas location isn't as big as the NY one, but still a pretty restaurant, which isn't surprising because it is in the Caesar forum shops. To be honest, I like chocolate, but an excessive amount of chocolate just seems a little to saccharine for me. And that's kind of what it feels like in Max Brenner's. Like you're Augustus Gloop drowning in Mr. Wonka's chocolate river.So we tried the famous "Chocolate pizza" that this place is known for. And it really wasn't anything too special. The crust was kinda...meh. Like the edges of a pop tart that no one really likes to eat because it's so bland. That's what I thought the crust tasted like. We got the works, which is every thing on top...so marshmallows, chocolate, peanut butter, drizzled caramel...basically ingredients of your favorite chocolate bars laid out on a pop tart crust for you to cavitate your teeth and be your dentist's dream come true. And it was just okay...I felt like I could have made that at home if I really wanted to. Key word = if. What was partially redeeming were the banana split waffles. This was actually pretty delicious and it even came with a cute little mini beaker/flask of chocolate syrup to drizzle to your delight over caramelized bananas atop vanilla ice cream and mini waffles. Plus a little bowl of those crunchy rice krispy-like chocolate balls. Mm...this was sweet but balanced well with the bananas and vanilla ice cream. One of my friends also got a burger which actually looked quite delicious. (He attests to this) we munch on some of his waffle fries which were also good...and hey, if you did want to grab a bite of real food and not diabetes, you could still try their menu for other food! The server was really nice and overall, it was still a fun experience. I probably would come back for the banana split waffles (to split with friends of course) but everything else on the menu seemed just a little too chocolate-y for me. But if you're a huge chocolate fanatic, by all means, this is probably the place for you!
4	The food is uniquely cool (albeit on the small side), but the drinks are the reason to visit. The salted caramel milkshake is one of my favorites. It's worth a stop in if you're at Caesars.
1	I don't know how this place has 4 stars, maybe drunk people.  The food was bad, really bad, the service mediocre.  My son did love the chocolate shake.  The waiter spilled tomato sauce on my white puffy coat (brand new of course), he said sorry but that was about it.  I asked the manager for the cost of dry cleaning to be taken off the bill, she comped the dinner , which was $40.00 for a sandwich a child's Mac n cheese and a shake.  Also ridiculously overpriced.
5	No sweet tooth? Develop one here TODAY!Honestly, some of the best desserts I have tasted in a while. Buffet desserts don't even come close. I had the Sharing Fondue and good luck sharing it with the recommended two people. You'll be begging for more, trust me! It comes with a serving of ice cream, fried banana bites, fondue, marshmallows and more. They give you long forks so it's easy to roast the marshmallows and dip it in chocolate. We had the dark chocolate flavor and it was awesome. Sometimes dark chocolate will taste overly bitter, but nothing like that here at Max Brenner.Towards the end the sugar will catch up to you but it wasn't overwhelming. You definitely leave feeling more satisfied rather than simply sugar-rushed.It's also worth noting that the regular dishes such as the pizza is great as well. I had the Spicy Chicken with 3 Cheese Pizza. The portion is pretty small, but it's darn good pizza. Thin crust and crispy exactly how I like it!Expect to spend in the +$40 range even for just two people. It's definitely worth it though, can't say enough how good the chocolate fondue was. Definitely going back in the future.
4	I love everything about this place. The smell when you walk in grabs you by the nose and basically walks your table. My husband and I stopped in for lunch and I had a salad which was served on a huge waffle.  I basically get the best of both world and it was delicious!Please make sure to try the delicious Satisfaction Guaranteed drink. The presentation was beautiful and the taste was amazing! The price not so much but then again, you are in Vegas.Our waitress also recommend that we stopped in the shop before we leave so we can get a free sample of chocolate coated nuts. It was very yummy!
3	The food was good, but nothing extraordinary. My husband loved the chocolate shake.  Service was good.
3	If you LOVE chocolate do it. The service at this place was great. I'd give the service a 4.5. Our server was patient and our glasses were always full. The food however was just a 3. Dessert a 4. So I'd give it a 3.5 if I could. (Silly yelp and your no half stars). My mom and I split a Prosuctto and apple waffle sandwich served in half for us which was a nice touch. But the taste of the food was just "eh." Obviously you come here for dessert. Left much to be desired on lunch. Also we ordered spinach dip. The presentation was nice and so was the dip but I didn't like the chips. I also HAD to get something chocolate so I ordered the Italian hot chocolate. It was super thick. Like drinking pudding before you cook it. I liked it. :)
3	This review is on the thick Italian sipping chocolate.  I have never eaten here however I have been here many times in the winter months for the sipping chocolate (please DO NOT mistake for hot chocolate) After my boyfriend being to Spain he told me about this kind of drink this is not quite the same but as close as he has found here in the US.  If you're wondering what it's like in Spain it is like a chocolate bar melted with a crispy sweet bread if you put it in it would stand on end.  This is ever so slightly more liquid but OMG good!  Pretty much a milk chocolate, if that is you choice bar melted down with milk added and put in a cup warm.You don't need much at all.  The way it used to work was they had a little kioskey thing out front to just order and go.  They must have wanted to up the value of the property so that is now gone for tables for dinner.  You now have to go into the bar and order, this wouldn't be a bad thing but the bartenders are truly unpleasant.  I mean if you hate your job that much and you pouring a cup of chocolate into a cup for me and getting a tip for your unpleasantries and inconvenience is such a problem then please find a new job!  I hate the new layout and consider not ever coming back but sadly I like chocolate and I like it a lot in small portions so I will come back.Again this review is not for food it is for sipping chocolate and sipping chocolate service.  If you do go in get the sipping chocolate not hot chocolate it is a thicker more amazing version if you get hot chocolate it is just that and at this place it is over priced and not that great!  If you go with my recommendation it is a pay per oz kinda thing.  You do NOT need a full 6oz cup please learn from my mistakes of the past 3oz is great sometimes 1oz is fine but just not quite enough.If it wasn't for the crapy, crabby service this would have been 5 stars for the chocolate  by the way this is not the first time to go into the bar and get crabby service, they really need to retrain and rehire the bar staff...
5	Oh yeah. I had had this in my bookmarks for months and finally was at Caesars for the evening and gave it a shot. I absolutely loved it. I had a waffle sandwich that I was expecting to be weird, but in fact was delicious and much lighter than I expected. The waffle was just a vessel to get the sandwich into my mouth--it wasn't greasy or hot. It was nommy. We ordered the spinach and artichoke fondue for an appetizer--which is a fancy misnomer, but I can't really fault them for that. It was still super good, super filling, and of course, super fattening. Our drinks were delicious too-- I had a mojito and my friend a glass of wine, and we guzzled them down.I didn't get to have any dessert, which is a durned shame, considering my love of all things sweet and that I was at a chocolate mecca, but I did get a chocolate bar to go. It was a whopping $7, but every morsel was worth its weight in gold, which is practically what it cost. I would like to come back and have just drinks or desserts, and maybe be a bit more adventurous on the menu. It's really good!
5	Great dessert!!!  Just as good as the New York location.
5	The Italian Sipping Chocolate is awesome!  I really like the ambiance!!
3	I was really not impressed with this place, despite the fact that I really wanted to be. It's a cute, quaint restaurant inside the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace.  When I got to the door, there was a 10-15 minute wait, despite the fact that there were more than 15 open tables in the restaurant.  I asked if we could sit at the bar and dine and the hostess said yes.  The bar was a large size, but there was only one bartender.  (Also the acting service bartender.)  It was hectic and busy and we didn't get great service.  We stopped in about an hour before they closed just for hot chocolate and/or dessert.  I couldn't get milk chocolate hot chocolate because they were out.  (It was delicious and decadent anyway, but how does a chocolate restaurant run out of milk chocolate AN HOUR before they close for the night?)  And then I ordered the smores concoction which was OUT OF THIS WORLD decadent and overwhelming.  So delicious!  Beyond that, the bartender barely made any conversation and was so flustered with running around that we felt ignored.  It took 20-ish minutes for us to get our milkshake/hot chocolate and then another 10 for me to get my smores dessert.  I just wasn't impressed at all with this place, but I gave it three stars anyway because a chocolate restaurant in itself is a GREAT concept!  Just needs a little better execution!
4	Had to try this place after friends on Facebook posted pictures of chocolate martinis and fondue. If it's anything chocolate, I'll go.Service was slow, and we came in on a Monday afternoon when the place wasn't full. The server was nice though; we just didn't know why it took forever to get stuff going. Other than that...Expensive stuff: $100 for 2 people, with tip included. We ordered a choco frappe and hazelnut smoothie, 2 aps (spinach dip & wings), steak panini with waffle fries, and half order of the works chocolate pizza and churro fondue. Next time, skip the regular food and indulge in desserts!Question: What's with the small tables!? I felt like I had to do a balancing act while eating... put my plate on my knee there, put my frappe by the edge of the table and push it with my elbow as I eat to keep it from falling off...Other tips: Sliders are only from the bar, and Happy Hour is from 3-6pm. Conclusion: I definitely would go back again, though just for dessert.
3	My first experience here was for a friends Birthday dinner. She made a set menu so I  didn't really get to have what was on the real menu. I got a salad because I enjoy eating healthy, when really I should've gotten a burger, but hey! My friend ordered the burger...guess she wasn't too satisfied though because on the way home she stopped at McDonalds. Anyways, the dessert was poppin'! Smelled like chocolate as soon as I walked in and the fondue and crepes and every sweet was like I died and went to heaven. Seriando. Will I come here again? Only to have the private balcony room so I can get crunk off of pelligrino and yell at tourists walking through the forum.  I LOVE VEGAS!
5	This place is amazing. Very intimate and cozy! I love the dessert menu and Max's love story! Dessert was the best ever! My boyfriend got the sharing fondue for two. It was absolutely delicious however there is such a thing as two much sweet! Make sure when ordering this sampler you are ready to increase your sugar intake.
4	I had an Italian Hot Chocolate and a waffle salad (Yep). The drink was awesome and as you would assume, choc full of chocolatey goodness. I knew the drink would be rich, so I tried to order something light. In a sense, I failed because it was the richest salad you could imagine, but I didn't eat most of the waffle because it was gross. It was strange tasting, but in a good way. Definitely a unique place.
5	We HAVE to always go to Max Brenners when we're in Vegas our favorite is the Fondue with fruit and cookies and Hot Chocolate!!!
4	chooooooooooooolaaaaaate Heaven! One stop chocolate shop in Vegas!!! Give it a try if you find yourself walking by :) I got a chocolate strawberry smoothie and it was yummy but pricey If I remember  right it was like 9 bucks or something... lol Buyers regret?... Oh no, as I said this place is chocolate heaven ;)
4	This place is the first stop when my daughter and i visited Las Vegas. It was awesome place to taste the real fresh chocolate flavor. This place is located in the Forum at Caesars Place. We ordered banana split waffles,  frozen chocolate drink and coffee. Banana split waffle was unique, crunch and WHIMSICAL. My favorite part of frozen chocolate drink was that the chocolate was very fresh and even crunch. Service was also great and friendly.
4	I had to see what this hype was about! The "Best B.A.L.T." I ordered was a BLT + avocado inside a sandwich with a side of a pickle wedge & waffle fries. Yummy! Tasted so crispy & fresh with the avocados. My Minty lemonade was refreshing! It was like a virgin mojito, which made me love it more. I had the sharing fondue for dessert which came with so much sweets to share for 4. Overall, food was awesome. Service just didn't live up to it because of the consistent trouble. Monotone server, empty waters, room temperature water, & had to wave for assistance a few times. I'll be back to satisfy my chocolate cravings though.
3	I've had this place bookmarked for as long as I can remember.Let me just say that I LOVE LOVE LOVE chocolate, so Max Brenner was really a no brainer for me to try.Finally had the opportunity this past saturday with the lil bro. I was craving hot chocolate, frozen hot chocolate, something decadent and was deciding between this and Serendipity. We decided to go with this and was planning on getting dessert of some sort.Well, although we had the intention of ordering their chocolate drinks and desserts we ended up getting their Adult chocolate infused drinks instead. (lil bro wanted some alcohol)Anyways.. so for drinks we got the following:-White Russian This is their most popular drink. According to our waiter (who was super nice and very helpful) this is the most instagram worthy drink as well... so what the heck, I must get it right?Well the verdict is this... The flavors were bold, it tasted like a white russian infused with white chocolate. And to top it all off there were two marshmallows that came on a stirring stick. I must say that the concept was cute. The shot of white chocolate came in a miniaturez flask and was very dainty, but for the price of the drink...and the size, I would say the drink was just alright and nothing too spectacular. It was good, but definitely not mind blowing..and not THAT instagram worthy. I must say though, that it was strong and perhaps the strongest alcoholic drink they serve.-TiramisuThis drink was yummy and had a very good presentation. It came in a dainty cup with a ladyfinger cookie on top. If you love coffee or tiramisu for that matter, this would be a great drink. Not too heavy, not too strong, taste like an espresso drink.So I really wanted to rate this place higher, but based on the drinks and the menu selection, I really wasn't impressed. Everything seemed overpriced (which should be expected since you're on the strip) but nothing seem to jump out of the page at me as something that i MUST try.The actual location is cute, good location, great atmosphere, but definitely not worth the price that you pay. I mean, i'm sure there are better selections elsewhere.. more worth the calories and more satisfying to both your palette and wallet.
5	The best chocolate shake ever tasted. Everything we have had there tastes great including the pizzas (all 3), Max burger and their salads. We go there every time we go to Vegas.
4	Great chocolate desserts and drinks!  The fondue is my favorite, but don't expect very much of it. They only bring you a little capsule (but it is so rich and delicious!).Wasn't impressed by the waffle - it was too soft. Didn't taste fresh.Very nice service.
4	I want to give them 4 1/2 stars. I can't give 5 because believe it or not, we went for dinner and did not have ANY desserts...crazy, right!?It's a large restaurant with plenty of seating. Our server was super nice and very kid friendly.  The presentation of each entree was truly impressive, especially their latest addition of their waffle salad where the salad comes in a tin and then you essentially toss it by pouring it and the dressing onto the waffle. The kiddo ordered the chicken fingers from the kids menu which came with their waffle fries (yummy) and a little basting brush so you can glaze the chicken w BBQ or ketchup yourself. Super cute. I shared the turkey waffle sandwich which unfortunately did not come w the waffle fries but instead a cucumber sunomo type salad which was also good and very filling. FYI, the spicy tuna sandwich pics you see on here look yummy but have been removed from their menu. Same with their other fish dishes, so stick with the turkey and chicken items to be safe. Next time I'm in town and head back there I will def try the choc pizza bc that looks just sinfully delicious!!!!
4	4.5 stars. After a failed attempt at the Bachannal buffet because it was $46 for brunch during the holidays, we didn't want to get back in the car and travel so this is where Yelp led me. I heard the specialty was chocolate and they were right. I'm a savory-spicy guy, but their sweets are where it's at. The peanut butter chocolate crepe was really good. I now know how a crack addict gets addicted. We also got the burger, which was good, but not as flavorful without sauce. My wife also got the hot dark chocolate that she enjoyed. It was a little lukewarm at first, so she told the waiter. The chef actually came out of the kitchen and apologized and explained the process. What service!In retrospect Bachannal's loss was our gain. This place is somewhere we would visit again and recommend to friends! Thank you Max Brenner!
5	5 stars: Woohoo! As good as it gets!Back in the late 80s, nike ran a campaign featuring Bo Jackson. It proclaimed "Bo Knows" and went on to enumerate all the things Bo knew, including but not limited to football, baseball, and Ray Charles. Max Brenner knows chocolate.I can't count the number of times I've been here. Breakfast, Brunch, Lunch, Dinner, Snack-time, Cookie-stop while shopping at the forum shops.... You really must try the chocolate fondue "sharing" @  $24.95 for two at least once. And buy yourself a $5 cookie to go. It's $10 if you eat it inside because it comes on a plate with a dollop of cream, some berries and chocolate sauce. Another thing: sometimes the service is uneven. It's not a fine dining restaurant, so it comes with the turf. Spend some time reading the menu and the whole Max Brenner story. It will make you want to quit your job selling widgets and apprentice in a tiny Parisian chocolate shop with a crotchety Gitane-chain smoking chocolatier named Gaston. They don't really open early enough, or close late enough, and lately, they got rid of the little mini-stand outside the restaurant to make room for more fake-patio seats, but those are my only beefs, and they are fairly trivial and easily planned around. Even the non-sweets are good.The omelets are solid, the potatoes are well-seasoned, and everything is certainly quite edible.But stick to the sweets, like chocolate pancakes for breakfast, the aforementioned fondue sharing, and the cookies and cakes and you will be very pleased. There's this hot chocolate here that you need to try. Ask for a sample of each kind before you order to get a taste of each variety, and you will know which one I am talking about. Don't come here if you dislike sweets, and write a review complaining about how sweet everything is. That's just asinine. The whole point of eating here is to assemble a meal like Will Ferrell makes in Elf, and spend the rest of the day bouncing off the walls on a crazy sugar high.
4	Went here on Christmas night in NYC. We had reservations but still had to wait a bit as the place was incredibly packed. We sat upstairs, had a good meal and great dessert! Their chocolate is special. The ambiance is fun, laid back and casual. I'd definitely recommend the Brenner Burger (Great waffle fries) and the milk chocolate fondue.
5	This was my second time at max brennar. This time I made it early enough to make breakfast. I ordered the breakfast skillet and my girlfriend ordered the illegal chocolate chocolate pancakes. I'm not usually a pancake fan but the pancakes with their chocolate is absolutely amazing. They give both white and dark chocolate and have nuts sprinkled throughout. It was absolutely tasty!! My dish was also great but it was something that you could get at any normal brunch place. As usual, the service was amazing and treat you like you're home. One of my favorite brunch places in Vegas!!
4	It's like chocolate heaven!  If you were in chocolate heaven and you were looking for a bar, this is it!  I would never have thought that alcohol would be so good with chocolate!!!!
4	Food is good, desert is perfect. Nice interior.
3	Initially I wanted to come here because their chocolate pizza was featured on a Food Network show, and after seeing it, I had to try it. My friend ordered the chocolatrouge wine which the waitress described as 50% rich merlot, 50% chocolate and ohmigosh. That's just what it was. Now normally, I don't go for wine at all, but this one was pretty alright. I could definitely taste the chocolate in it. My friend didn't really like it but hey, he's a guy. I ordered the baja style fish tacos, that were served with red beans and steamed rice. But I had them put the fish on the side cause I'm a crazy vegetarian. But my friend ate it for me & was like OMG! This is freaking amazing! He said that it was very chili-lime flavored. So I'm assuming that it was pretty good. Just the coleslaw in the tacos was good to me. Although I would have liked Mexican rice instead of white. My friend ordered the southwest Caesar salad. It was your basic Caesar salad, served with homemade croutons, grape tomatoes, avocado and a cheese crisp wafer thing. It was alright as far as Caesar salads go.  For dessert We ordered "the works" chocolate chunks pizza. It was a pastry dough covered in double chocolate melting chunks and topped with crunchy hazelnut bits, bananas, peanut butter and roasted marshmallows. And I must say, I wasn't extremely impressed like I thought I would be and it looked a lot better on T.V.
3	Really good food, great flavors. Prices reflect the quality of food not quality of service. The staff was noticeably clique-y, they were more interested in gossiping than service, but really the brunch we had was amazing, omelettes and hashbrowns rocked!
2	Food good but service slow  and awefulI ordered two desserts both sold out...
4	I only had a greek salad and it was pretty dang good!  More feta cheese then I could have asked for, but it was the same old same old salad and it was $14.  The paninis and the mac and cheese looked amazing though!!!  The service was slow, one waitress for so many tables ,I felt bad for the gal!  The place smelt like chocolate and it smelt so good!  We ordered the chocolate cake, which was the size of a cupcake and the churros.  The churros were good, cant go wrong but the cake was not impressive.  Very sweet.  Overall had a good meal but prices are so high for nothing special.
5	(Disclaimer: My 5 star rating is based solely on their desserts. I have yet to try the regular breakfast/brunch or lunch menus but will probably order their kobe burger next time!)D and I make it a habit to have dessert at Max Brenner every time we find ourselves in Vegas. We first discovered the bald man about 3-4 years ago in NY and we were glad when they finally opened a location in Vegas.I am a creature of habit and always end up ordering the Melting Chocolate Truffle Heart but since we came here on New Year's Day , I figured it's time to try something new! I went for their S'mores Concoction presented in a medium sized bowl with 4 layers of goodness inside it: The bottom had melted milk chocolate, followed by graham crackers, gooey marshmallows, white chocolate shavings and topped with about a cup of whipped cream! It was served with a beaker of caramel sauce, chopped caramelized bananas and a miniature s'more with roasted marshmallows on top.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/max-brenner-las-vegas?select=egv15WxbaIEGBMd-GcHpeg#egv15WxbaIEGBMd-GcHpegI also ordered a double macchiato to go with my dessert. It was served in their adorable kangaroo cup with melting milk chocolate.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/max-brenner-las-vegas?select=20OlMay5TIwHZRsL3pLh9g#20OlMay5TIwHZRsL3pLh9gD had the Hazelnut Cream Banana Toffee Crepe that was generously filled with hazelnut cream, milk chocolate ganache and pieces of crunchy chocolate wafer balls. There was actually more filling than crepe! Lol And it came with a side of caramel ice cream and more chocolate wafers.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/max-brenner-las-vegas?select=_VPtlHLOviy8ApUCn6sgmg#_VPtlHLOviy8ApUCn6sgmg2 pitchers of iced water later, we started to feel lightheaded but giddy and happy after indulging in all that sugar. As always, Max Brenner never disappoints =)
2	I 1st been introduced to Max Brenner in NYC, and it was jammed packed so ended up only getting chocolates to go which were amazing. It was natural for me to try the restaurant itself when I visited Vegas.  We were seated immediately by a courteous hostess.  It took our waiter 10 min to come to the table then he asked if we were helped and when we said no he said he will take care of us.  We asked for Alcohol recommendations and he highly recommended the Brazilian Breeze.  We ordered that along w a Mojito and Mediterranean Trio to start. Few min later he came back and we decided to order bunch of appetizers so we can have dessert. 15 min go by and no drinks, food, or sign of our waiter, so we asked another waiter to locate him. Over 5 min pass when he finally showed up with our drinks.  The Brazilian was the worst by far but didn't complain.  The food finally came out and he kept on disappearing again. About an hour and 40 min experience with zero time waiting for a table and 3 appetizers, 2 drinks, and a dessert we decided to go downstairs and pay the bill since we had it for 10 minutes and he still never came back and mind you the restaurant is almost empty considering it was almost 11 PM.  At the gift shop where I spent almost $80 I asked the employee there if we can pay the bill she kindly declined and said she would locate our waiter who later rushed over with who I assume to be the manager because they thought we took off.  All they cared about was the bill, neither one was listening to us complaining how we had to keep waiting for everything including the check.  I am really disappointed because the food was delicious and the desserts were yummy but why should I go back? To get a lousy service and the assumption that I took off without paying?**I went on their website and emailed them almost 2 weeks ago, and they never responded.
4	Me, my wife and best buddy went to Las Vegas and found this little gem of a chocolate store and restaurant  in Ceasar's Palace and Casino. I had the party Belgium waffles, it was like a dessert and it was good. Two waffles with strawberries, and whipped cream and vanilla chocolate shavings. It also came with two little bottles of strawberry jam and white chocolate sauce- $13.99 The wife had the bacon omelet served with spicy homefries  and biscuit and my buddy had the lazy breakfast which is two eggs, sausage and homefries. I also had a cafe mocha which came in the strangest coffee mug I ever saw and it was the most chocolaty mocha I have ever had. Everything is a chocolate sensation  in this store.
5	I have been back a few times for dessert with out of town friends staying on the strip but have been meaning to do their happy hour (HH is bar only, mon- fri 3-6, 9-close $6 snacks and drinks). The Yelperazzi and I weren't sick of each other and did the HH after a Yelp event and shopping. I just wanted a small snack and got chili coco waffle fries. It was perfectly crispy and the seasoning on it was tasty. I wouldn't say it screams "this is chocolate" but just a hint of cocoa flavor and has a more smoky savory flavoring from the seasoning and the chipotle mayo it comes with. I saw they also do chocolate ranch dressing so I asked for a bit to try. It was a good ranch, but that really didn't taste like chocolate at all. I got my order not put in or something despite being one of the first to order and while waiting they gave me a extra mini philly. They made too much apparently. Those were really surprisingly delicious. I didn't think I had room for it, but I made room. I have to come back for that again. Two come to a order and theres a small paper cone with a tiny bit of waffle fries between them. When I mean little, I mean like 2-3 for a taste. Everyone seemed to all enjoy their food and cocktails. Service was good and friendly from the bartender. I've had their savory food once during a Yelp event (one of the best ones we've ever had, BTW) and definitely coming back for a meal and happy hour. Just a tip that the bar seating isn't plentiful, so it might be hard for a large group unless you come right when it starts as it usually is empty otherwise. I recommend to try out having a meal and dessert here as their food is rather solid all around.(Yelp 100 Challenge 14/100)
4	Chai chocolate was awesome (though a bit on the sweet side, but I'm sure all the chocolate drinks were).For food, I ordered the chicken sandwich that was served with two pickles and their criss cut fries. Chicken was really solid and stacked really high with two pieces of onion rings.  Fries were crispy just the way I like and served with a spicy aoili of some sort.Definitely a great spot to eat at non-Vegas prices.
4	Chocolate everything? Ok, almost everything.  Food was great, fries amazing, chocolate displays were very creative.  My guests and I enjoyed the "scientific serving decor" graph paper plates, flasks... It all made us "nerds" smile.  This was definitely one of the more memorable restaurants we visited.
4	Courteous customer service.  The Alice cup is classic and cute so I've bought one home and just cant wait to use it hahaa!  The gift sets are lovely and the chocolate syringe looks like fun!  I've picked up some bonbons and chosen my own collectible tin box!  Staff is helpful.  Prices are reasonable.  So, next time you wanna pick up some souvenirs from vegas, you know where to go, right? *wink*
4	Get the mocha in the hugmug ! It's delish !Came here for brunch and had the salmon bagel which was super generous with smoked salmon. Yum! The spinach artichoke dip was nice and warm and smooth, although I had hoped that it'd be served fondue style instead of merely on a dish, and the waffle fries that had a bit of chili powder with the chili ranch (?) sauce was good ! Definitely coming back for desserts next time ! Oh, and the burger that's stacked a mile high maybe ! :)
4	My husband and I aren't big on casinos, so when we were in vegas we focused on food and walked through the hotels to see the decor. Sacrilage, I know! Since we hadn't yet gone to Ceasar's Palace yet, we decided to meet the rest of our party there (after they finished gambling) for brunch. I got the After Party Belgian Waffles, when first arrived I thought it was extremely small, but I was full by the time I was done. It was a nice dish, but nothing great. I would not order it if we went to eat there again. My husband got the Huevos  Rancheros Sunrise Burrito (without cheese). I'm not a big fan of burritos but I thought it was very nice and decently big. Definitely worth a try. We also tried the chocolate martini, which was very tasty. I would go back to Max Brenner if we were around one again, and I'd get the chocolate martini.
3	Stopped in while window shopping in The Forum.  Grabbed a Mexican Hot Chocolate and a few pieces of chocolate.  Everything was good but I felt a little out of it when I was waiting to order my hot chocolate.  I didn't see a clear place that was for ordering to go drinks so I stood around at the bar until someone came over and asked if I wanted to order a drink.   I still don't know if I was in the right place or if I just got lucky.
4	Mmm chocolate heaven! I came with 4 others and ordered the fondue for sharing and smores for sharing.Fondue for sharing (25)+ Delicious chocolate, came with assorted cakes, waffle, brownies, fruits- I do wish they gave more amount of chocolate :(S'mores of sharing ($20ish)+ Giving liquid peanut butter is such a good idea!!- Raspberry sauce was meh- They give more marshmallows than chocolate so I had leftovers marshmallows- Be sure not to burn your marshmallows! I somehow burnt 2 :'( (and I still had leftover marshmallows) Waffle fries+ I don't know what sauce comes with it BUT IT'S SO GOOD!! Service was ok but the hostess was so rude. She told us to wait 10-15 minutes even though there were so many empty tables at the restaurant.
5	The first time I visited Max Brenner, all I had was their "Works" Chocolate Pizza with a Hazelnut Milkshake.  It was the Sweetest Lunch ever!  This time around was different as I decided to come here for their Happy Hour at their Bar.It's a pretty good deal with a lot of small bites and cocktails going for almost half off their regular menu prices.  And the hours are pretty flexible from 3pm-6pm and 9pm to closing.  I had a friend join me so it made it easier to try more of the food, which was a big help on my part because I was still kind of full from a buffet I had earlier in the day.We ordered their Mini Philly Sliders and their Mini Brenner Burgers.  Both came with their famous Cocoa Powdered Waffle Fries.Mini Philly Slidershttp://bit.ly/11RtJxGHow can you not like steak and cheese in a small brioche roll.  Very tasty!!!  I probably would've ordered more if I wasn't moderately hungry.  LOLMini Brenner Burgershttp://bit.ly/UUQhZ4Pretty much like your typical burger sliders.  These didn't really wow me, but they were still good nonetheless. It was my first time trying the Cocoa Powdered Waffle Fries and I thought it was pretty interesting.  I didn't have ketchup with it since I wanted to be able to taste the Cocoa.  The Cocoa was subtle and gave a hint of sweetness, but didn't overpower the Fries.For my drink I went with Max's Famous White Russian.  http://bit.ly/SBW47cPretty good!  The warm white chocolate was pure and helped melt down the marshmellow into the drink.And since I was there, just for the fun of it, might as well pick up another "Works" Chocolate Pizza.  http://bit.ly/VjNZ9wHow can you not get one when it's almost half price? LOLI would definitely come back again to Max Brenner for their Happy Hour.  It's cheap and has a nice selection of food and drinks.  Definitely a good way to kill time on the strip during that afternoon grind or to go for an early nightlife snack.
5	O-M-G. This place is amazing! their fondue was out of this world. My friend and I came here around 10:00pm and it was pretty much empty. My friend and I knew we wanted the fondue already. The waiter was going page by page in the menu showing us what's his favorite. Two thumbs up for the waiter being super friendly giving us recommendations. We got the Sharing fondue which came with a variety of goodies. There were marshmallows, strawberries, cake, ice cream, waffle, fried bananas and some sort of cookie. Be careful when you are roasting marshmallows, I was instagraming and not paying attention I burnt the marshmallow. haha. I will come back here for more. Excellent service and excellent desserts.
5	Shared with another the Pearl Sugar Chocolate Waffle with caramelized banana, gnutella, wafer balls, ice cream. OMG i think i just ate a bit of heaven. It was divine!! Raged through it like a homeless without food for a month. You will love this place if you love sweets and desserts and a cool chill place to hang with your friends and yes family!!! it's pretty kid friendly, i would say out of 5 for most kid friendly it would be a 3.7 just cuz i feel like it.. ;) it' s not quite a 4 and above since it is dark and still has a bar vibe but the seating by the wall is great cuz kids can lean against it. Caution: only bring them here if they are good because they'd be more hyper than you'd like after leaving!Drinks we had some lemon thing and some green thing. I totally forgot. Was blown away by the dessert itself! Def a must go after your shopping!
4	After hearing good things about this place my bf and I finally stopped to try it out. I must admit that what drew me in was the description to the "Satisfaction Guaranteed" cocktail. We were sat pretty quickly but then came the waiting. I can understand that it was a popular place but many waiters walked by us and didn't even acknowledge us. After about 15min of sitting there and without so much as a hello we were ready to just get up walk out. I told my bf that we should give them 5 more minutes and if nothing happened after then, then we could leave. Well, 3 minutes in our waiter finally appeared. I ordered the Brenner Burger and "Satisfaction Guaranteed" cocktail and my bf ordered the Turkey Waffle Sandwich.The burger was amazing! I was so sad when I finished it. My bf liked his sandwich also but claimed my burger tasted much better. The cocktail was like thick alcoholic chocolate milk..Super yummy! The presentation for the cocktail made it look even yummier!Our waiter only stopped by twice. The first time, to drop of my cocktail and the second time to ask if we needed anything else while dropping off the bill. In the end, during the whole time we ate, the servers who would bring out the food payed more attention to us. They were courteous, asked about our meal and refilled our drinks. Everything our waiter should have asked us about.Regardless, of that small service flop, I would still go back and eat there again. The food is delicious and the atmosphere is sweet.
3	The good:1.) Our waiter was very nice and patient. I started off with only a soda because I found another place that I wanted to try. He made sure that my glass was always filled even though it wasn't going to generate a large tip for himself.The bad:2.) I decided to order the equivalent of a lava fudge dessert because it was supposed to be a staple of the place. Epic disaster. I took the brownie up to my hotel room and when i cut into it, there was no fudge in the middle :(. A $15 dessert for down the drain.
5	Hit this place up while walking the mall it's hidden in. Had the Huevos Rancheros Sunrise Burrito with Waffle Fries for brunch and was blown away. Took a chocolate syringe back to the hotel for dessert. Excellent food.
5	I had been to the Max Brenner's in NYC but not Vegas. We went for their happy hour deal, it's from 9 to close and I believe also 4-7 or some other earlier time. Best deal ever - everything is $6, though you must sit at the bar. I got chicken tenders w/ fries and BBQ sauce and my friend got the buffalo chicken sliders. We got this insanely good dessert, it was like smushed Smores or something in a small pot and it was DELICIOUS. Came with bananas and also melted chocolate to drizzle over it ... I'm guessing it's like $9-10 when not happy hour.I would definitely try Max Brenner's out again next time I'm in Vegas (or in NYC).
2	My first visit to Max Brenner was in NYC and it was an awesome experience. I was happily surprised when I bumped into it in Vegas because I'd been dying to have it again. The food did not disappoint. It was delicious and I'm only sorry we couldn't have more.And we couldn't have more because the service was just AWFUL. We were there on a weekend night that wasn't even busy, and it took them 15 minutes to get us napkins, another 15 for them to bring us more water (had to ask twice for both), and our dessert never made it to the table. We only had the chance to order one appetizer because our waitress didn't check back on us. Never got to order another round of cocktails either. When we finally decided dinner was over and maybe we still had some patience for the much anticipated dessert, another 20 minutes passed before my friends husband decided to get up to cancel that order and just hand them our credit card to pay for the bill. And then THAT took them another 10 minutes. Manager never came over. We thought about going back the next day for our dessert in hopes that the service would be better, but we decided against it. Totally ruined the experience.
4	I went for a dessert adult drink :-)  The service was great and I loved learning about the Alice mug which I purchased.  Come here for what they are known for - the chocolate!  mmmm.  They also let me know that they are building a Max Brenner in SF and I can't wait for it to open!
5	I'm seriously addicted to chocolate. I must have it every single day or I start to shake, get angry and feel like death is upon me.  So, whenever I'm at Caesar's Palace, I make it a point to stop by Max Brenner to get my chocolate fix.  They're always busy.  I'm not picky as to where I sit and enjoy my chocolate so most of the time, I eat at the bar so I don't have to deal with shenanigans.  Or you can also go to the chocolate shop attached to the restaurant and grab boxes of chocolates, shirts, chocolate-scented bath stuff, etc.  I always get tin cans of chocolate-covered pistachios and chocolate-covered hazelnuts.I've honestly never tried their savory dishes.  Who needs a savory meal when you can have chocolate for lunch/ dinner?  My favorites are:Hazelnut Cream Banana Toffee Crepe:A nice crepe filled with chocolate hazelnut and sliced bananas.  In a small beaker, chocolate sauce to pour all over the crepe.  Caramel ice cream. Chocolate wafer balls.  5/5Banana Split Waffles:Crunchy waffles with banana halves topped with vanilla ice cream. A beaker of chocolate sauce and some chocolate wafer balls. 5/5Chocolate Chunks Pizza:A pizza with melted chocolate on top then 2 toppings you want: peanut butter, hazelnut, marshmallows and bananas.  Or you can get The Works to get all toppings.  I personally like hazelnut and banana.  5/5Fondue:You have 4 options:  tempura, sugar churros, classic European and S'mores.  Of these, I like the classic European because you have a wider variety of goodies you can dip into chocolate such as cookies, marshmallows, sponge cake, strawberries and bananas. 5/5If chocolate is my drug, Max Brenner is my dealer.
4	What we ordered:Brenner Burger (giant tower of a burger, about 7 waffle fries, two pickles)Choco Pops Hot Cocoa (comes in a hug cup you hold with boith hands, the choco pops are crispy little chocolate coated balls in the cocoa, all of it is amazing)Lemon herb grilled chicken (two perfectly seasoned chicken breasts served with fingerling potatoes and cherry tomatoes (cfrazy good)Heart lava chocolate cake and shake (lava cake, a tiny bowl of ice cream, ganache for pouring, and the cutest little shake ever) My daugher loved this one.Banana fondue (little box of friend banana, served with two dips, chocolate and butter scotch. Service, AMAZING: our waitress constantly came by asking if we were okay even the manager came by and checked on us.  The ambience is lovely and they play great music, old school 80's some new school neo soul and funk. We were kind of dancing in our seats while we ate. Overall, it was a great experience, I am glad we looked it u on Yelp, everyone that gave a good review was right, it was delicious and the service was definitely above average. We will be back, we must try that chocolate pizza!
5	It is a chocolate lovers dream. We had the peanut butter sundae and tirimisu. Huge portions and they tasted awesome. Will definitely come back with a larger group to share and to try their breakfast items.
4	Hipster nonsense aside, the chocolate served in the gift shop is quite tasty and, contrary to the monstrous portions served at dinner, appropriately sized.
5	BEST HAPPY HOUR OF MY LIFE.I split:-The white Russian: Kahlua, vodka, and a little vial of hot white chocolate that you dump into the drink after it's served. Garnished with two big marshmallows on a stick.-Satisfaction Guaranteed: peanut liquor, caramel liquor, and a little vial of hot milk chocolate served in a stemless martini-type glass and chilled atop a cup of crushed ice.-Mini Philly sliders: shaved rib-eye, cheese, caramelized onions, and roasted pepper mayo on two warm, soft buns.-Carmelized pecans covered in praline and cocoa powder on the way out the door.Everything I ate melted in my mouth, despite being only $6 each. The bartender was also super sweet and friendly, and the presentation of everything blew me away! I'm totally in love with this unique little restaurant and I will be back whenever I'm in Vegas.
5	Chocolate chocolate and more chocolate!I must say I was in heaven when I was here! The highlight of my dessert-only experience was my Salted Caramel Hot Chocolate in a Hug Mug. The ingredients are mixed to perfection and the cup fits so snug in your hand! We also had the chocolate fondue to share and I didn't expect much than the regular chocolate fondue and just some goodies to dip them in but I got some chocolate wafers, strawberries, bananas, marshmallows, more milk chocolate, and so much more!You must go and take chocolate lovers with you! Don't let chocolate haters rain on your parade!They were out of the ice cream bar I wanted, so I'll definitely be back just to go get that!
5	The best place to be for a chocolate fiend! Their entrees are pretty bomb as well. The bf and I come here often and have yet to be disappointed by any of the main dishes. My recommended dishes are the Brenner burger with kobe beef, the mac and cheese, and surprisingly, the quesadilla.My favorite desserts would be the European chocolate fondue (duh!) and  the banana tempura fondue. Be sure to stop and buy some chocolate to go on the way out!
5	i absolutely love max brenner!  if we have guests in town, we take them here.  there aren't many locations across the us, so its a good treat.  the desserts are sooooo yummy!  the savory foods are pretty good too (try the pulled pork sandwhich!!)  if you're visiting, definitely try this spot out!  it's located in the forum shops at ceasars
4	Perhaps I had higher expectations, or I just didn't order the right dish (Kobe beef burger) but I wasn't blown away. They were good but not OH MY GOD good. I will say this though, they have spectacular service. I saw some fiber/hair lookin thing in my drink. They whisked off with it and brought me a new one ON THE HOUSE. I really was pleasantly surprised. I'll be back for sure!! Btw the milkshakes are heavenly!!!
3	This is for the brunch review-3.5 stars.Max Brenner obviously stars its dessert category, but, I was so hungry for a good, savory brunch nearby! And this so happened to catch my eye. I was more in a savory mood, so I got the egg omelette combo. Not bad. Portion sizes were a tad bit smaller than other usual breakfast places, but that was expected. It also came with a nice fluffy biscuit to dip in chocolate. The chocolate pancakes seemed awesome, but I just couldn't get myself to eat something sweet that morning, such a shame!I did, however, get the milk hot chocolate as my dessert, at the end of my meal. I'm glad I got this one instead of the dark hot chocolate because it would have been way too intense and rich for me. It comes with a right amount of hot chocolate... Mm, I wish I could be sipping on one right now!Overall, good place to eat, especially for the chocolate-y things. Great service, too! Our server was kind and patient... I asked tons of questions and he answered them honestly and gave great recommendations! Also a great, fun environment. Very cute decorations. This would be a fun place to take a girl on a date ;) Can't go wrong with chocolate!
4	OH MY GOD. Their chocolate is to die for. It's extremely creamy and sweet that you'll get a sugar rush FOR SURE. The mac n cheese that other yelpers have raved about was OK. The macaroni was a bit firmer than al dente. And the cheese is just cheddar. I was pretty disappointed :( You have to try their hot chocolates!!!!
4	Mmmm just thinking about this place makes me crave something sweet and chocolatey! This is a cute restaurant with a chocolate shop connected to it in the forum shops. I love love love coming here for dessert. The chocolate fondue with a platter of goodies such as strawberries, marshmellows, chocolate chip cookies pieces, and spongecake is perfect for sharing with your date. I ordered the I Scream vanilla bar dipped in chocolate sauce and chocolate pieces before. So delicious! It melted pretty quickly though so I had to eat it kind of fast. I have also been here for lunch and the lunch items are delicious. I have had their salads and a sandwich, both cooked well and served nicely. I definitely like suggesting this place to friends who enjoy a great meal.
5	yummy treats. I went for an event there and was spoiled with champagne and delicious churros and this chocolate thingy (not sure what it was)...everything was stellar, including the service. I am sure that I will make a stop there next time I am in Las Vegas.If you're a sweets kind of gal/guy - go!
5	Best pancakes sausage and hot chocolate I have ever had fast and courteous service a must eat destination for chocolate lovers
5	Brenner burger was cooked perfect and was delicious.
4	Interesting and fun at the same time. I really wanted to check this place out after seeing it on Yelp and I was glad to swing by. The concept of a chocolate-themed restaurant piqued my interest and so once I walked by it, I had to stop in. My wife and I decided on the chocolate fondue with churros to dip and then split a chocolate eighties milkshake. The fondue was cray cray good! I mean how can you go wrong with that combo?? Churros annnnd awesome choco!! The milkshake didn't live up to the hype in my opinion. I thought it wasn't as chocolatey as I expected and overall it just didn't do much for me.. But the fondue is where its at!
5	Omg!!! By far the best chocolate place!! Their hazelnut chocolate milk shake is to die for! A must try!!! Love the food here too!!!
4	Good food, not the most memorable experience since nothing stuck out, but overall good food, no complaints.
5	They were out of the chocolate cake thing so my bf and I settled for the Banana split waffle. It was delicious!
5	Absolutely amazing. My mom and I shared an Italian hot chocolate (in the hugmug!) and the sharing fondue and we were overwhelmed by both the quality of the treats and how delicious they were. The hot chocolate alone was worth the stop, so rich and smooth and creamy.  This is definitely a place we'll be coming back to!
4	Chocolate fiends this is your Mecca.  Hot chocolate was a hit.  Interesting vessel you guys chose to serve chocolate in.My breakfast berry and yogurt parfait was huge.  could not finish.cool staff...will be back again.
4	You really cannot go wrong in a restaurant based upon everything and anything chocolate. From the moment you walk in, from the vat of spinning chocolate, to the chocolate syringes, to the huge blocks of chocolates, you know that you are in good hands. I tried the 80's milkshake and it was delicious and tasted almost like pure chocolate ice. It came with a mini scoop of ice cream that was coated in a chocolate shell. To go with our shake, I split the double chocolate cookie. For some reason, I think I would have preferred it room temp instead of warm (call me crazy!) but either way, it was probably one of the best chocolate cookies I've ever had.  The toppings however did not really seem to fit with a cookie dessert. You would typically see fresh fruit, whipped cream and a chocolate sauce with some sort of cake instead of a cookie, so I didn't really find them necessary.
4	Oh god, this sweet tooth of mine may have found its sanctuary compliments of a bald man.After a whirlwind night of partying, my friend and I were looking for a spot to wind down and have some sweets. Max Brenner became our pick after Serendipity had too long of a line. Max is located across the GIANT H&M inside Caesar's Palace (is it the real Caesar's Palace?). The minute you walk into through the doors you can smell the chocolatey goodness. But, if chocolate isn't your thing they have a lot of savory food choices as well. But where Max really shines is obviously in the desserts. WHAT WE ORDERED:White chocolate and strawberry smoothie: Incredibly rich and actually a tad overwhelming! I think it tastes better once it melts down a little. The consistency makes it hard to drink at first.Fantastic Popsicle Chocolate Fondue: After seeing the picture in the menu, I was intrigued. What a fun creative twist on a fondue! Unfortunately, it no longer features popsicles. It is now plain old vanilla ice cream in a waffle cone, but you still get to sprinkle your choice of toppings on it. Max Brenner's chocolate is SERIOUSLY one of the richest chocolates I've had to date. Normally, I'm a sit down and eat 3 bars of dark chocolate kind of gal, but I can't see myself pigging out on Brenner's stuff. Bonus points for having a mini shop in the corner where they give free samples! Way to fatten me up Brenner!I'll definitely come back just because the menu is SOOO massive and I'm really intrigued by his waffle fries and cocktail items. Until next time Mr. Brenner!
4	While at Vegas, my bf and I decided to check out this joint since it had pretty good reviews on Yelp.  Also, what caught my attention was "chocolate".  We were here on a Saturday and was told by the hostess that they only serve brunch, which had a specific menu.  Bummer!  The brunch menu didn't have the Really Cheesy-Really Crunchy Mac and Cheese my bf was dying to order.  Anyway, since one of the main reasons for this Vegas trip was to eat here, eh, why not?  Once we were seated, our waiter told us Hwe can order from the regular menu as well! Joy, oh joy!  The bf loved the mac and cheese.  I, on the other hand, really didn't care for my mushroom and ricotta pizza. Meh.  But, kudos, on the Oreo shake that can came in this whimsical glass.  Wanted to order the popsicle fondue, but they didn't have popsicles.  Boo.
3	this is a cool place which uses cocoa and chocolate in many of its dishes. the seasoned fries are pretty cool and they come dusted with cocoa powderthe pizza was ok. nothing too special. i didn't like the crust too muchthe crepe was pretty good as well
4	Max Brenner is across from H&M.  I tried the Candes Killer Breakfast Skillet.  It has eggs, sausage, onions, bell peppers, tomatoes, spinach, home fries and mushrooms.  It all went well together.  The portion was kinda big.  It was a good size for two people.
4	Fun place to eat for sure! And oh so yummy!If you are a chocoholic, this is your Mecca!  You gotta love a place where the dessert menu is 3x bigger than the food menu!  Overall, this is a cafe you have got to try out NOW!The regular food is so flavorful!  I have tried a lot of the menu and have enjoyed every bite!  I think the absolute highlight on the menu is the turkey burger.  Let me say that I do not like turkey burgers because I am all about my beef, but I tried a turkey burger when it was highly recommended by the server and it blew my socks off!  It was one of the tastiest burgers I have ever had.  That burger had the flavor of 10 regular burgers crammed into it!  To top it off, it comes with tasty fries that have cocoa powder on them.  I know it sounds weird, but those fries are so yummy and different tasting.I also really like their flatbread pizzas. They have some "normal" pizzas and then some fun pizzas like the Southwest BlackBean pizza.  It was like having a party in your mouth with the different textures, flavor explosions, and gooey cheese to tie it all together. As for the desserts, where do I even start.  I mean the dessert menu is 3x bigger than the food menu.  The have hot chocolate, chocolate pizza, fondue, cookies, sweet waffles, milkshakes, and truffles, to name a few.  I'm probably forgetting some because the menu is THAT HUGE.  Max Brenner is a mad, chocolate genius!!! The prices are a little high, but on par for Las Vegas Strip rates, speaking as a local. The staff all seems super friendly as well. Go check it out and get a shot of chocolate!
1	Yuck. Total waste of money. Based on reviews bought two chocolate chip cookies at $5 a piece. Got back to the hotel all excited for a late night treat and was disappointed. Cookies were hard!!  Overlooked!!  Crunchy!!!  Could not even eat them. You are better off going to McDonald's and buying those at 3 for a $1.00, truth! We did the next night (tonight) and they baked them on the spot. We got soft and warm cookies cheap and a million times better than this places boo boo.No complaints about service. Nice peeps, but that doesn't make up for crappy, rock hard cookies.
5	I dislike New Yorks often pretentious, show-offy restaurant and food options and was not expecting much from Max Brenner coming from Serendipity outside.Well, all that hate flew right off me when I smelled the warm, milky chocolate breeze in the air walking in here.Seriously, I stood and just breathed for a minute, or two.Then looked at the chocolate being made and wanted to dunk my finger in it so bad (screw it, more like jump in that isch!)Sat and read the menu, drooled, debated on not going out at night and just ordering one of everything on the menu.No really, one of everything.The desserts unheard of, the "real" food, also everything and more.Prices are fair, especially considering you are at Caesars.I was so overwhealmed and promised the man I would go out drinking with him so I just got some pralines ($1.50 each)He owes me big time for this, as the pralines were just a tease, soooo good but so tiny, this is almost reason enough to drive back to Vegas for!
2	Very disappointing for the price. I have had better chocolate. Max Brenner's bio on the menu makes him out to be some huge chocolate fanatic who's dream is to "sail on a river of chocolate." But apparently it isn't a river of gourmet or even good chocolate.
4	I'm not a fan of chocolate at all, but this place is so good & delicious! We missed our reservation but like 30 mins & the staff were so nice & we got seated almost right away anyways. We had 6 people in our group & we all ordered at 2 things each & everything was exceptionally good. Defiantly will be going back.
1	Over priced. Poor service.  Small portions.  Smells are deceiving.
4	Chocolate AND brunch you say?? All in one place?? ...And with a huge H&M staring at me from right outside? I think we've hit the Sunday morning bliss trifecta.I came here with friends who had been before and loved it, and while I completely trust their recommendations, I wasn't sure if I would be as head over heels for this place as they were because 1. I wasn't sure I was sold on eating chocolate so early in the day (I know, I know, as I write this it sounds crazy - any time is chocolate time, right??) and 2. they were all about the desserts, which, with me being gluten free, wasn't as big an attraction. But I needn't have worried. The strictly brunch part of the meal alone impressed me enough for a return visit, and that was even before the sugar coma. I had the Mexican omelette with cheese and black beans wrapped around avocado and topped with salsa. Perfectly done, beautifully presented and absolutely delicious. Also I love that I had the option of fruit as a side dish - most places would charge an extra $5 for that. It was a fairly generous portion of fruit, too, and best of all came with chocolate dipping sauce. All of the sudden it didn't seem too early for chocolate.For "dessert", I had the do-it-yourself hot chocolate which is steamed milk served in a mug that is set atop a tea light candle with the chocolate chips on the side. The candle kept the milk hot so you just add in the chocolate, stir, and voila! Even more decadent, I tried a sip of my friend's Italian drinking chocolate, which we described as almost like drinking ganache. Unbelievably rich and awesome. Fun times, good food and chocolate. All situated in a giant mall in which  to shop off those calories afterward. Now I get it.
5	Good Day! I just wanted to say that my boyfriend and I visited this location last night in Las Vegas at Caesar's Palace. You have an excellent restaurant and we absolutely loved our experience there. We have been out to eat at a lot of nice little places and decided to stop at yours for a quick bite. I was so impressed with the decor, the food presentation (fish tacos). The balance of the food texture was also PERFECT. Our waiter was the best I have had in a while. You really have an asset in him. I believe his name is Juan. We went at 10PM on 4/9 if that helps in case I got the name wrong. Seriously, he is such an ideal employee and server. He knows EVERYTHING about your products and is very proud to be there. I loved the Earl Grey tea and the mechanism that you had for brewing and dispensing it. I would so LOVE to buy one of those for us. All in all, I was very impressed and if there is any reward you can give our server, please do so!Many thanks!MUST STOP WHILE IN VEGAS AT MAX BRENNERS!
5	This is my favorite brunch place is Vegas!!! Totally convenience. Cute cafe. Nice presentation. Awesome service. Most important: Delicious food!!!! I visited here after spending an hour trying to get in Serendipity and they were being a$$.  So glad that I went here instead. We were so hungry that we ordered a bunch of food for two because everything looked so delicious!Smoked Dry Rubbed Chicken Wings - good portion. big wings. nothing very specialCandes Killer Breakfast Skillet - one of the best skillet I've had yet. The sausage in here was so delicious that I couldn't stop picking from my friend's dish. Very hearty!Banana Split Waffle - I love the crunchy chocolate that I put on top. waffle is a leige waffle. ice cream is good. grilled banana totally enhanced the taste. Not too crazy about the caramel sauce cause I don't thing that sweet. This dish overall was good. Great dessert!!! White Chocolate Chai - OMG this is the best Chai Tea ever!!! I love the Chai fragant. Robust but not too bold. the white chocolate gave it a creamy flavor. I craved for this just talking about it! I can't wait to go back and have more of my Chai Tea and maybe try some other items.
3	To me, Max Brenner is a classic American restaurant with chocolate as the main theme throughout their menu. Upon arriving at the restaurant which is located inside Ceasars Palace, I noticed a bold decoration on the interior and a nice setup outfront in which they called the patio. While the menu is extensive, it has a fairly confusing layout. After browsing, I ordered the individual portion of the Molly's white corn croquette. It came in six pieces - a perfect size for lil ol' me. This isn't exactly a healthy item nor overwhelmingly delicious but I enjoyed them just fine. I also asked for the Mocha madness and the Surprise Tiramisu. Both of these items came in little glass cups with tiny flasks filled with chocolatey liquid. The tiny flasks reminded me of the flasks I used to use for chemicals while working in a radiochemistry lab and that brought back unpleasant memory. Despite that fact, I bet some people find these items cute or whimsical. I thought that the Mocha Madness had the perfect amount of kahlua and sweetness, especially if you're an Asian who can't hold an ounce of alcohol to save her life. As for the Tiramisu, the white cream sauce was outrageously sweet I couldn't eat more than half a teaspoon and just gave up on it. Instead, I poured the chocolate flask onto the strawberry cup and really enjoyed the chocolatey fruit. I wouldn't recommend this Tiramisu item if you don't like overly sweet desserts.Overall, I was a little bit disappointed at the chocolate items at Max Brenner. Chocolate desserts don't have to be overly sweet to be good. A good dessert must have a balance of everything and not be overpowered by a single component, which in this case is sugar.
2	What a disappointment.  We've passed by Max Brenner several times when shopping in the Forum Shops and the restaurant looks very inviting.  We read the great reviews on yelp and finally decided to take the rug rats for a late night bite & dessert.If Yelp had separate ratings for service, Max Brenner would get a big ZERO.  Before I begin, I must note that we went on a Monday evening and it was not very busy.1. It took close to 10 minutes after getting seated until somebody came to our table. 2. Orders came out wrong.  (A salad was ordered half-dressed with dressing on the side but it came out wrong.  Coffee came out cold.  Mojitos came out with very little mint.)3. We had two young kids (2 & 7) and usually restaurants will bring their drinks in kids cups (or covered cups), but the server didn't have the insight to do that for us.  Perhaps this isn't bad service...but I certainly appreciate servers who can anticipate your specific needs.4. Halfway thru dinner...a server drops our check on our table.  Wow...anxious to close the restaurant???Now the food was just okay, but that's not the reason to come to Max Brenner.  Pizza was marginally better than frozen.  Salads were a bit soggy.The desserts were presented very well and pretty tasty, but not enough to return to this restaurant.  Too bad.
5	This place is fabulous, who doesn't love chocolate?!  I went during happy hour, which I highly recommend.  They have a pre-dinner and late night happy hour.  I had 2 mojitos which were both good.  I also had a "Satisfaction Guaranteed," which was one of the most delicious chocolate drinks I've had.  It's made of peanut and caramel liqueur, and milk chocolate, served in martini glass.  It essentially tastes like you're drinking a Snickers bar.  I also sampled the works chocolate pizza, which was fabulous!  I never tried breakfast or entrees, but they all sounded delicious.  Make this place a stop during your next trip to Vegas, I know i'll be back!
4	I like chocolate so I like this place
5	Don't come here unless you love chocolate, and/or bacon, and are a total glutton.  Check and check for me.  Seriously, this place is so good I tried to kill myself by overindulging and consuming everything within my reach.  The mac&cheese, best I have ever had.  The Hot chocolate, best I have ever had.  The dessert/chocolate pizza, the first I have ever had...and thus the best I have ever had.  This place is pure decadence.  My only tip:  wear stretchy pants.
4	Damn good (albeit, expensive) food and drinks.We tried the onion rings and fondue dessert.I ate everything and felt like I was going to pop.I just wish that my "Satisfaction" drink was in a bigger glass.  I finished it in two sips and felt like I got ripped off.  At almost $15, the drink definitely should have been bigger.For something that claims to be satisfying, it clearly wasn't.For dessert, we ordered the "Sharing" fondue for $25.I highly recommend you do the same.It was a fun experience and made Las Vegas more memorable.
5	Went here for brunch and it was soo good! I basically got dessert for breakfast-there's no other way to go right? I started off with the White Russian drink since they said it was their most popular so I had to see what all the fuss is about. They add warm white chocolate to their drink which isn't usually done and makes it unique. It also came topped with marshmallows which I thought was cool. It was very tasty! For my entree I got the tutti frutti waffles which were waffles with an assortment of berries on time drizzled in chocolate with syrup and rice krispie type candies on the side. It was amazing! I would recommend this dish to anyone who loves fruit and waffles. I want to come back here again because they have a variety of things to choose from. I also heard that their mac and cheese is awesome so I want to come back for dinner. And if I come back for dinner I can sample one of their awesome desserts as well-see you again soon Max Brenner! :)
4	My number one suggestion for this place is to just skip over the normal food items and go straight for dessert!  When I went here I ordered the Brenner Burger (kobe), which was just alright...nothing too memorable.  For my drink, I ordered the salted carmel hot chocolate (I believe), which was very good.  For dessert my friends and I got the Classic European Chocolate Fondue with the pure milk and white chocolate sauces.  The dessert included bananas, strawberries, marshmallows, and banana bread to dip into the chocolate sauces.  Our dessert was gone within minutes.  The chocolate was rich and the perfect balance of not being too sweet either.  The most surprising part was the banana bread that came with it, it tasted delicious with our chocolate sauces.  The dessert was also served with a mini burner to roast our marshmallows on.  The service was friendly too, definitely swing by here for desserts!
4	Went to Max Brenner's last night for a nice evening out with the wife.  She did her research, and found out that their happy hour was from 3-6pm.  So we got there about 4pm to make sure we had time to enjoy happy hour for a while.  Upon arrival, we asked the hostess if happy hour was only available at the bar, or if we could sit down at a table.  To her credit, she told us it was her first day, and she didn't want to give us the wrong information.  So she went and quickly collected the answer to our question and came back.  Happy hour was at the bar only.  No problem.First, we started with a couple drinks.  My pregnant wife got a frozen lemonade, while I tried the Classic Chocolate Martini ($12.50 normally, $6 on happy hour).  Both were outstanding!  I decided I should try something else, so I went with the Intoxi-Cake with white chocolate, also quite good.  We ordered some sliders and chicken tenders to start off the food, and while my wife thought some of the food items were infused with chocolate, I couldn't taste it  (She, of course, could have been misinformed).  We then ordered the Cheesy, crunchy mac and cheese which had tomato and bacon.  Ooh, it was excellent, although I was getting so full I couldn't finish it.  My wife needed to have her dessert, so we got the banana tempura with dipping chocolate.  I couldn't have any because I thought I would explode, but she loved them and I tried them later at home and, even cold, they were delicious!We had a 3-year old Groupon that had expired, but I knew it was good for the amount I had paid for it.  Since they didn't really have a way to honor the Groupon in their system, they just took enough items off the bill to equal the amount I'd paid for the Groupon. The service at the bar was excellent, and the food (especially the chocolate items) was everything I hoped it would be.  They even offered us a chocolate sample on the way out!Will I go back tomorrow?  No.  But anytime I have friends/family in town and they are looking for something unique and sweet, Max Brenner's will be my recommendation!
4	Drinks are amazing. I had the  Satisfaction Guarantee drink. Greek salad and chicken w 3 cheese pizza was great.
5	If you love chocolate then this is the place to eat! We went twice, once for lunch and second time for breakfast. I haven't been disappointed with anything. The cocoa chilli dusted fries are good, chicken pesto sandwich (good portion size) and breakfast their healthy veggie omlet was to die for. Highly recommend coming here ;)
4	I love this place. You will spend your lunch/dinner time trying to make up your mind on dessert!  I LOVE LOVE LOVE the chocolate chai!  Sandwiches are amazing alsoThe reason I only gave 4 stars is because of the location it seems like the wait staff isn't as attentive as they could be.  I know it's in a busy place on the Strip, but some of us locals venture out for places like this.  Just remember the 'little ppl' and step it up a bit!
5	I dream of this place. Seriously. Max Brenner's is reason enough for a trip to Las Vegas. Just the chocolate fountain at the bar is reason enough to come here.Chocolate everything! The menu is ridiculously intriguing and I wanted to order one of everything. I ended up getting a crepe (Nutella something or other) which was amazingly good. Hubby had something that came with a sugar biscuit with milk chocolate dipping sauce. OMG. It was one of the best things I've ever had.Service was terrific, and really who wouldn't be deliriously happy working in a chocolate restaurant? We stopped by the darling gift shop on the way out and dropped more cash on take home treats (which I pounded down on the plane home).Can't wait to come back.
5	I love Max, he knows how to keep a girl committed ;)My first time dining here was date night for Valentine's Day. I was so stoked that he planned this because he knows how much I LOVE chocolate. This place is all about the presentation! The ambiance, the displays, and even food presentation!We had reservations and were able to get walked in. Our server was prompt and even gave us a few suggestions on the menu. She informed us that we can get complimentary chocolate samples! We both started out with "hug mug" drinks which is basically hot chocolate! At first we opted for the standard hot chocolate, but we ended up loving the white chocolate marshmallow and ordered a second one of those! Be careful with the hug mugs because they get a little hot, but there is a spoon for you to use on the side.Honey ordered the Grilled Chicken Panini and he said that it was delicious! I ordered the Mushroom & Ricotta Pizza.. and that's how I discovered that I am not a fan of ricotta. After picking it off, LOL, it was definitely one of the best pizzas I had in a long time! We split their Cookies & Cream Shake and ended the meal with the Classic European Chocolate Fondue. It was the best chocolate fondue this girl has ever had. Beat out the Sugar Factory by far!The second time that I ate here was taking a friend out for her birthday! We had ate dinner beforehand so we were just coming for the delicious desserts. She got the S'Mores Concoction which was on an adorable display and I got the OMG Chocolate Chunk Cookies, the dark chocolate. The server explained to us what everything on our cute platter was before we dug in. This was seriously a delicious cookie. It had the right little crunch on the outside and the soft gooiness I love on the inside. It was perfect. I also had chocolate syrup, whipped cream, and minted strawberries as my sides. Don't worry Max, as long as you stay good to me.. I'm never leaving you.
5	My boyfriend surprised me with a date night here. The food and service here was top notch! Our server was very pleasant and knowledgeable. We shared the BALT (BLTA) which was the highlight of the evening! It came with chocolate and chili dusted waffle fries....yum. We also shared the mac & cheese which was also very delicious. We finshed our meal with the strawberry and nutella crepes. All I can say is wow! The combination of fresh sliced strawberries, nutella, and crushed hazelnuts, was awesome. Can't wait to go back!
4	As you walk in it smells like chocolate! Delectable treats at every turn. I had the steak sandwich with waffle fries...yum! Aioli was a great and accompanied the fries well.
4	My sweet tooth is seriously my silent killer. Always stalking me, it never goes away! A restaurant dedicated to all things dessert and chocolate? yes please! I wasn't even hungry or thirsty but I knew I had to try something from max brenner! So went with a hot chocolate. There are about 10 different kinds. I went with something I usually don't see. A salted caramel hot chocolate! And it was exactly as I pictured it in my head. Super DECADENT and RICH! You could tell the chocolate was very good quality. The caramel was infused very well. The one thing that I thought was missing when I took my first few sips was the sea salt. I didn't find out till later that it was in the foam at the top! So remember to mix it well! My only gripe was that it was very sweet because it was so rich. I would recommend sharing, or maybe getting an iced version? The ice might help dilute it. Oh and of course, it is pricey. $6 for small! Ouch. Definitely want to come back one day and try the desserts!
4	This place is pretty freaking cool. What better way to be in Vegas then go shopping at a three story H&M and then go across the way to having chocolate to your hearts content?!?! (No better way) My husband and our friend decided that they would get drinks well they waited for the girls to finish up their shopping, so they decided on Max Brenners. They got some pretty good drinks, but of course us girls came along and we got a way better deal out of it all. All I have to say is that the GM came out saw that I was carrying chocolates from another company and it set off an event of things to come. He made us everything thing from homemade chocolate covered bacon, we got free chocolate martinis, and many more things. My good friend is vegan and couldn't have a lot of things that they were giving us, so the bartender/ barista went out of the way to figure out something that she could have. When we got our bill and they only charged us for 2 drinks. It was amazing !!! I've never experienced anything like it and the customer service was just through the roof. Everyone was so nice and friendly to us. We actually went back for brunch the next day, just because the food looked so amazing and it truly was. We had a few different kinds of sandwiches (even a waffle sandwich), the corn cakes, and some different kinds if mochas. The food is actually really really rich, so I suggest splitting it with someone, or taking some back with you. The mochas are really good and the chocolate they use is of such great quality. They come in these really cool cups that are suppose to warm and make the chocolate taste better or something like that. (Honestly I can't remember it was definitely a funky cup though.) The chocolate martinis are really good too (they are also nice and strong), they put this skewer of marshmallows in it and top it all off with more chocolate of course. All I have to say is that if you really like good food and LOVE chocolate then this is the place to be in Vegas. The service is awesome and Max truly could have not done a better job of making such a great restaurant. (Not true it should be completely made out of chocolate!!!)
4	This five star food an four star coffee.  Cappuccino was a little off on the foam but good.  Preparation of food is spot on.
4	Oh, Max... so so so yummy!Came here with some friends and we were just looking to get some good dessert eats. I'm a sucker for chocolate and nuts and anything that tastes like Nutella and all that great stuff. Now, Max would've gotten 5 stars if they didn't run out of the Fantastic Posicle Fondue. So, in my moment of disappointment, I listened to the waiter's suggestion and opted for the Hazelnut milkshake instead. Omgahhhhhhhh so good. It's like melted Nutella that's been chilled to milkshake form. Side note: I probably should've shared my shake because it was so thick, rich, and yummy that I couldn't even finish half by myself. So yummy!
4	This is one of my favorite spots in Las Vegas! I stumbled across this restaurant back when they ran a Groupon a few years ago. I actually never made it in to use my Groupon. Not because I wasn't impressed with their menu, I just never had a chance to use it before it expired. Two/Three years later my boyfriend and I decided to check this place out. I wish I had tried it sooner because the food is wonderful! The decor is very fun and the service was excellent. This place isn't overly fancy, it feel like the basics but kicked up a notch. The menu varies greatly from Pizzas ($13), Tasty Salads ($14),  Burgers ($15), Sloppy Joes, Fish Tocos ($14) and many other entrees. We had the Molly's White Corn Croquettes and they were amazing! We had a few vegetarians in our group, I would describe it as a decent vegetarian selection because they offer a few pastas and many salads. The waffle fries are some of the best in town! They are actually tossed in cocoa powder and served in a great sauce! I most enjoyed the tea. Yes, the hot tea. They serve it in a fancy glass device they steeps it and then it strains it directly into the cup. It was incredibly unexpected and neat. I have since been to Teavana to try and find a similar item. For dessert, we had the smore's. They were fun to cook tableside with our group. We will be back :)
3	Max Brenners is located in the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace and we visited it on the first night of our annual Vegas vacation. We had 6pm reservations and even though we were almost a half hour early the hostess was happy to seat us.  The first thing you notice here is the smell of melting chocolate throughout the dining room.  There is nothing wrong at all with that. Most of the drinks and at least half of the food at Max's has a chocolate component to it. With that in mind Simone and I started the meal with two of the most amazing Drinks I may have ever had. My drink was the Berry Nutty Professor, a quirky drink take on the Classic PBJ sandwich, consisting of Peanut Liquor, Frangelico, Chombroid and Milk Chocolate. It was smooth, sweet and creamy and unbelievably good. Not to be outdone by my drink, Simone ordered a Satisfaction Guaranteed and it was completely satisfying. Peanut Liquor, Caramel Liquor and Milk Chocolate, served in a glass on a bed of crushed Ice with a flask refill on the side. Even though my drink was amazing, I still couldn't help but steal some sips of hers. For our food we started with White Corn Croquettes. Spicy seasoned sweet white corn kernel's are mixed with creamy Manchego cheese and coated with Panko Breadcrumbs then lightly fried to a perfect crispiness. They did not come with a dipping sauce and they did not need it as they were great all by themselves. Next we split in order of Mac and Cheese and at the suggestion of our waiter we added grilled chicken to it. Although not my favorite of all time ( that honor belongs to Yardhouse) it was definitely one of the better ones I have had. Tomato Bruschetta and Bacon is combined with a 5 cheese blend and grilled chicken then baked with a light bread topping. This was smoky flavored with a bit of sweetness due to the tomato. It was not as creamy and rich as expected with five cheeses but it was still overall very flavorful and delish. It came with a side of marinara that I thought was a bit pointless but I gave it a try on top of the Mac and Cheese and it wasn't to bad but also didn't really add anything to the dish. Last up was dessert and of course we had to have something with chocolate. We choose what sounded like the most satisfyingly decadent choice on the menu. A Chocolate Chunk dessert Pizza with the works ( marshmallows, peanut butter, chocolate, banana's, and hazelnut nibs). Unfortunately it was not as yummy as I dreamed it might be. The dough was not a crispy pizza dough but some strange spongy pita bread wannabe. The chocolate itself was lost in the dish with all the other toppings. This was actually a surprising disappointment to end our meal. For a place known for chocolate I was expecting so much more.  Overall the meal was very good and the drinks exceptional but the dessert disappointed me leaving me no choice but to give three stars to Max Brenners.
5	I was really surprised at how amazing the food was, being a chocolate restaurant I was expecting that just the desserts would be good, but everything we ordered was amazing! The wait time was a little long but totally worth it, plus it gave us plenty of time to enjoy our shakes. :)
5	choco heaven
4	I went to this place for my 24th birthday. Overall I was happy, it was nice and clean and our waiter was really nice and attentive. The food was very reasonable in price, and they had some decent items to choose from. However, I didn't get a chance to get any dessert which was the real reason why I went. I will definitely go back again.
4	Made some reservations via Yelp at 9:40 PM (I love Vegas hours!). Got there a little bit later because it is nearly impossible to turn into Caesar's Palace off the strip with the 5 gazillion tourists walking around. When we got to the restaurant, it looked like everyone had just cleared out. However, the host told us that they had Happy Hour specials at the bar, so we decided to forfeit the reservations and sit at the bar. The inner boozer made a good choice!We each had some chocolate cocktails to start it off - wifey's chocolate martini was really great; my white russian was alright. I felt they could both use some more alcohol, but if you're looking for a tasty drink, you've found some right here. The server/bartender was pretty helpful but slightly all over the place so we didn't get our waters or place settings right away. Who cares though, we have chocolatey alcohol in our hands. I let things slide here that wouldn't be taken lightly at other places.Looked for Giancarla E's recommended Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate pancakes but didn't see them on their menu. Plus the wifey wanted to get the fondue so I decided to save the chocolate for later. Got some $6 sliders and white corn croquettes, which were both pretty decent (the chipotle sauce that came with the croquettes was pretty flavorful). Got the waffle (crisscut) fries but I didn't really get a whole lot of the chocolate/chili taste that other posters raved about. Seriously just tasted like some Carl's Jr or Chick fil-A crisscut fries. Anyway, we weren't here to induce ourselves into food comas (we were saving that for the next day at Bacchanal), but the fondue for two really put us over the top. Really liked that you could toast your own marshmallows - wifey had fun almost burning down the restaurant. Location was pretty nice, and if you have a private party upstairs, it looked like a chill spot. It's located in the Forum Shops so you can go there for a late dinner and still have time to walk around and do some shopping (most stores close around midnight).
5	Nom nom freaking NOM!  Max Brenner is the stuff of dreams.  We came here for breakfast on Monday morning and I couldn't be happier.  I wanted the best of both worlds, so I asked the server if I could order 1 pancake to go with my omelette - he checked with the kitchen and they agreed so I ordered the Maxi-can omelette (plus chorizo and subbing cheddar) and one chocolate pancake.  Hubs ordered the strawberry waffles.THE WAFFLES.  Oh wow...they came with piles of whipped cream and shaved white chocolate on top!  On the side were a strawberry honey sauce that was absolutely diving.  My stomach just growled thinking about it.  There was also a little shot of chocolate sauce on the side...fresh strawberries stopped the 3 small waffles.  Hubs really enjoyed the dish and said everything went together perfectly.My omelette was fantastic - it was huge and covered in a really great salsa.  The fried potatoes on the side were insssaaanneee and the sugared biscut was also mind-blowing.  Seriously, it doesn't get any better.  OH WAIT IT DOES - the chocolate pancake!!  This thing was seriously the size of a wheel!!  It was chock full of chocolate, yet it was still crispy on the outside!  I used the chocolate lick that came with my omelette as a topping and it is literally the best pancake I've ever had.  I want to go back to Vegas just for this place.Go!!
4	Last December I went to Max Brenner at Caesar's for Happy Hour (M-F 3-6 and reverse starting at 9). Happy Hour specials are available at the bar only and include $4 beer, $6 cocktails and $6 appetizers and desserts. What a great deal for Vegas! I ordered the Lucky Lemon (Ketel One, Citoreon Vodka, Grand Mariner and Lemon Juice) and my boyfriend ordered the margarita. Both were delicious and very potent. The bartender mixed them up in front of us and really took her time crafting our cocktails. We also ordered the Cheesy Thin Crust Pizza (served with grape tomatoes) - pretty good and the Sliders: 2 Brenner Burgers (Lettuce, Tomato, Onion Ring and BBQ sauce) and 2Buffalo Chicken (crispy buffalo chicken with bleu cheese aioli) - both were very good and came with fries! Great flavors! I would love to come back here for dessert. Someone next to us ordered the Chocolate Chunks Pizza and it looked so good! Can't wait to try this place again!
3	I can't give them quite 4 stars. I would have if the server came back to take our dessert order that we told her we were interested in doing as we were finishing our meal, but she 'desserted' us by somehow becoming either overwhelmed or distracted.  By the time she returned to our table, it was getting late and with two younger kids, they were getting a bit restless.  The food was good (as a local I don't typically like to pay the Strip prices, but since were down there, decided to try something new), but I left slightly disappointed. I will definitely come back and maybe then I can bump this up to a 4 because everyone has off days, but I didn't have the amazing experience others have said they had.  Maybe I'm too harsh on restaurants, but as a family who doesn't go out a whole lot, going to a restaurant is more of a luxury than a necessity, so I set my standards higher, and I don't care if I don't give them a higher star rating.  I'm not going to give them a 4 or 5 just because most others do.
3	I remember when we went here for the first timeSaying "This is it! I'm gonna eat some chocolate so prime!"This place is in the left wing of Caesar's Forum ShopsOn our four-day trip this was one of our scheduled stopsGreeted on a semi-crowded Tuesday night, nicelySeated to the souvenir shop's left and kitchen's right, preciselyWe looked at the menu and were astounded by the selectionWe needed someone to point us in the right directionAnd ooooooooooh...I didn't listen to the waitress' recommendation (about maybe not getting the sampler)And ooooooooooh...I better listen next time, I'm telling youIf we ever ever ever go back to Vegas we should rememberThat we will get together together together with Max BrennerWe'll order the O.M.G. cookieOrder the milkshakesOrder food savorySo we may get together together together again with Max Brenner"But shouldn't every chocolate dessert be 5-star here?", I thinkAnd shouldn't all the flavors in their sampler be clear, and in syncAnd while the milk and white chocolate bark "branches" were excitingAnd the chocolate sauce and chocolate wafer balls made the ice cream invitingThe banana tempura had a strange batter and aftertasteAnd the chocolate sponge cake had no chocolate flavor, what a wasteAnd while the waffle with fruit made me somewhat happyThe next morning I had a much better waffle with fruit at Mon Ami GabiAnd while the fondue was nice, it didn't fill my chocolate wishThey had to start the marshmallow grill flame twice because once it did extinguishBut however ever ever disappointed I was by this endeavorI don't know if we'll sever sever sever our ties to Max BrennerWhile we liked the bark branchLiked the fondueLiked the ice creamWe may never ever ever go back to Max Brenner And while the waitress was bubbly and endearing and sweetThe management had her working too many tables; she looked flustered and beatWhile the concept is a clever clever clever cocoa endeavorShould we ever ever ever go back to Max Brenner?(Yelpers, please let me know if I should ever ever ever go back to Max Brenner!)
4	As always, I had to make a quick stop at Max Brenner's for a bite, mind you this was only 2 hours before dining at Wicked Spoon so I couldn't eat too much.Met up with a girlfrend and at that time (530pm) it was still nice and empty inside. Ambiance is verging between casual and romantic and the chocolatey surroundings definitely encourages the appetite.We got ourselves two White Russians (a MUST ), steak and cheese quesadilla, waffle fries and a choclate pizza. Did I say we were only having a quick bite?? Man those white russians are decadent. I would have been good skipping ALL the food and just sipping on those. Quesadilla and fries were great, not too choco infused, or not at all, but nonetheless delicious ways to warm up the belly. Wasn't much a fan of the chocolate pizza. The dough was hard, dry. Took a few bites and wished I had a second white russian instead.
4	I was looking for a brunch spot close by and I happened to discover Max Brenner at the Forum Shops next to Caesar's Palace. It must've taken at least 20 minutes of meandering the labyrinth that is the Forum shops to get here. The place was so hard to find! It may have been due to the previous night's shenanigans.Food:1) Huevos Rancheros Sunrise Breakfast burrito was soo good! Eggs, spicy chorizo sausages, tomatoes, pepper jack cheese served with home fries. This was one of the better spicy chorizo sausages that I've tried. The home fries were uh-mazing! I only wish the portions were larger for the price we were paying.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/max-brenner-las-vegas?select=9lB5ksGR8JzyTny1S0JROQ#976wPqYtH4eN3HC-7pLbEA2) Cande's Killer Breakfast Skillet consisted of eggs, sausages, bell peppers, onions, tomatoes, spinach, home fries, and mushrooms scrambled together on a skillet. It didn't taste any different from the scrambles I've tried elsewhere. The only thing that really stood out from other establishment was the home fries, which I mentioned above. I'll probably try something or the burrito the next time I come for breakfast.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/max-brenner-las-vegas?select=9lB5ksGR8JzyTny1S0JROQ#aDEY-bnNeYQ3_AQhBL97Bw3) Crepe consisted of hazelnuts, chocolate, and fruits. I've plenty of delicious crepes, but none of the those can compare to the hazelnut that was used here. It was decadent and it simply just blew my mind. Considering the ingredients, it wasn't overwhelmingly sweet, which is quite an accomplishment.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/max-brenner-las-vegas?select=9lB5ksGR8JzyTny1S0JROQ#h-jLRVolorVhw10MvboUvAService:The server was very knowledgeable about the menu and helpful.  Note to self:Come during 3-6 and 9-close Mon-Fri for Happy Hour. Try the chocolate fondue, ice cream, waffle fries dusted with cocoa next time.
5	LOVED this place. We hit their happy hour and enjoyed many outstanding chocolate cocktails and regular cocktails. We also had a couple dishes, both of which were outstanding. It was all very reasonably priced for the quality. I strongly recommend hitting their happy hours.
5	Honestly I don't understand how people can give this place anything less than 5 stars . Everything I've ever tried here has exceeded my expectations . The menu is appealing , and it's like I'm waking into the world of willy wonka. The seats and stairs look like large pieces of chocolate bars . If your a chocolate lover like I am than this is the restaurant for you ! They have chocolate incorporated even in the main menu, not in a nasty way . But max brenner found a way to make the flavors mesh well with chocolate. They also have a happy hour only at the bar where a certain selection of their foods is only $6 . Go to max brenner if your ever in Vegas ! You won't regret it .
4	Although I'm not a fan of gross, excess decadence in desserts, Max Brenner does seem to infuse enough finesse into your typical overloaded sugar concoctions to make it worth the visit. There are too many crepes that simply become homogeneous flavor globs of thick sweetness (see: Jean-Philippe), so I was wary. To my surprise, the banana hazelnut crepe with the rice krispies had some great layering of textures and flavors. Plus points for creativity with the customizable add-ons served on-plate, although the presentation could be better and more cohesive. But still - a great crepe, one that makes my top 3 list. I like the atmosphere - it's understated for a Strip dessert joint, not too typical French, but not too hipster, either. It's a nice balance between casual and charming. The service is patient and friendly, though a bit lacking in the details - while our server was very personable and engaging, she did fail to provide us options for our order (dairy milk vs alternatives, type of chocolate, etc). I'd rather take that technical error than a fundamental issue with service, though, so overall the staff seems good. Also appreciated the extra step they took in their tea service, using the new-style infusers with actual loose-leaf. Too bad the measurements were way off though, because the tea was excessively strong, which, flavor-wise, was the low point of my visit. This place just needs a little tweaking in the details, it seems; they've got some fundamental things right already! More of a 3.5, rounding up to a 4 thanks to the accommodating service.
4	Love the hug mug! I came here a year ago and once again recently, and I have to say, the dark chocolate mocha is to die for! Now of course, you have to expect to pay $6 for a small drink, but I think it's worth the experience. I have had breakfast here before, but I recall not being a huge fan of their savory breakfast items. I was 100% engrossed in my chocolate loveliness to really pay attention to the giant pan of egg and stuff (I think we had ordered a fritata). I would highly recommend you coming here for chocolate items, but I wouldn't expect too much from the food. I do like that they give you a small sauce cup of chocolate to just dip and lick.. yeah LICK CHOCOLATE OFF A SPOON (or finger) FOR BREAKFAST. om nom :D
2	We have had good experiences here before. However on 6/22/13 at about 4:30p.m., we did not!  The service was extremely slow!  it took about 45 minutes to get our dinner.  The waitress apologized a few times saying how busy it was, but it wasn't busy at all!  After the dinner we ordered dessert, but after waiting nearly 30 minutes we finally decided we had to leave!  The manager was very nice. We will try it one more time next month.  If we have such horrible service again, we will never go back. We will let you know how our next experience is.
5	This place brings out your inner child. It's truly an experience within an experience. It's best to share an entree and go crazy on the desserts. We split the Kobe burger which was incredible and the waffle fries reminded me of my childhood. We were in a big group so when we ordered dessert we literally order EVERYTHING. My favorite was the chocolate pizza and the smore's. I have a feeling they add addictive substances to their food. It's sublime.
5	Love at first bite! My friend and I were visiting Vegas this past weekend and decided to try this place out before making the long drive home. I was prepared for a long winding way through the Forum Shops but it was really easy to locate. We were seated quickly and our waitress came right up. I ordered the turkey savory waffle sandwich and my friend as the asian chicken salad. She said she really liked her salad but I can tell you, that my sandwich was SO GOOD. Turkey, lettuce, bacon, avacado and some real yummy sauce. We each ordered a dessert so we could try a little of each. My friend ordered the deep fudge chocolate cake (sadly, they were out of our first request - the truffle heart cake - at 12:30 pm though??) and I ordered the banana split waffle. The cake was very rich but luckily it was served with a small scoop of ice cream. I looooove chocolate and I loved every bite but there was no way I could finish my half of this cake. Next came out the banana split waffle (yes, I felt like a glutton at this point but who cares?? It's vacation. My trainer wasn't very happy with me when I gave him that excuse.) That waffle was the best part of the whole meal. Served with a shot sized amount of choclate ganache and chocolate waffer balls was the perfect balance between the waffle, bananas, ice cream and rice krispies. I loved everything about this place except our waitress. She seemed distracted and forgot that we had ordered the waffle along with the cake. But hey - everyone has off days! I will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas!
3	I had lunch here with a group of friends.  The service was really good, it took them awhile to get our food delivered (but we did have a party of 10). The food is okay, it's your typical sandwich/salad lunch. I had the oven roasted turkey waffle sandwich.  It was good, but nothing spectacular. The waffle was softer than I'd liked.I was really impressed with the shakes (frappes) the hazelnut cream chocolate frappe was really good. The down side was that it was almost $8 for a shake, but it was yummy!If you're craving a really good chocolate shake, swing by!
4	I've already reviewed the Max Brenner in NYC (loved it!) so now I'll do a review for Vegas...  It's in a hotel (Caesars) so I didn't like it as well as the one in NYC (ambiance/venue) but it didn't affect the amazing chocolate which is why you go there in the first place!! They have the MOST CREATIVE way of presenting chocolate in all forms (food, drink, dessert) and the candy store that is inside the restaurant is perfect for taking home a little something after dinner = )  Unfortunately I was too full for dessert, but their crepes are DIVINE!!
4	We found this place randomly after our rsvp for our original location was called up. It was a day before EDC and surprisingly it wasn't too busy. We were a group of college graduates walking in with our fat tuesdays and was nicely welcomed by our waiter. For a nice kept resturant they put up with our loud obnoxious conversations. She gave us a huge selection for lunch and what we were able to pick from the breakfast and dinner menu. Not only was her service amazing she kindly talked to us about her EDC experience working there and such. Food: Anything you order will come out looking delicious! If you're feeling a snack stomach the orders are good to share amongst two. What you're paying for delicious food kinda makes up for the pricing.PS FREE WIFI ! You have to take the elevator upstairs for the restroom.
5	The chocolate fondue is amazing here but really surprised me is their brunch is actually delicious. I started my meal with the salmon bagel plate, which was delicious. I've also had their asian salad here, which is also really good. Of course, I ended the meal with chocolate fondue, make sure you get a selection with marshmellows, it's so good when it's a little toasted in some melted chocolate.
4	I only have one check-in here, but I have eaten here many many times. haha! The desserts are extremely satisfying, so if you have a sweet tooth, knock those teeth out! Though I have to say after 2 desserts and a smoothie, you might need the dentist ;] The "real" food is pretty damn tasty too! I've had the chicken and the waffle fries (delicious) and the salad--it was crazy good! If eating here didn't make my wallet cry so much, i would go all the time!!!
4	Say you just pissed away a good 5grand at the Casino and your girl is giving you that dirty look that says FUCK YOU with a simple wink. Yeah, that's when you gotta forget about saying sorry, dropping down and begging for forgiveness for having to prostitute her out before Vinny takes your knee caps. Trust me, all you have to do is bring her to Max Brenner. Them fly chickas love that chocolate. After that, all is forgiven. Personally speaking, this chocolate place does very little for me. The chocolate shakes don't taste like they have any milk in them. It's straight up mainlining chocolate into your system. Service here was also pretty shitty when I went. But the rest of the group was dope with it, I guess. They have chocolate covered ice cream sundaes or some shit that were off the hizzy. While those chocolate fiends around you go into a trance like state of euphoria, you can look around and see that they have a pipe of chocolate rolling all over the building. Who knows if that shit is chocolate. I imagine it's not as that would be a huge waste and flash for nothing. Then again, this is Vegas. Either way, this shit is pricey. But then again, so is Vegas in general. Just assume that the winnings you get here is from the joys of chocolate cheer from those chocohlics. Cause they'll be on a high for a while after this kick. I didn't even try the food cause why the fuck would you be eating food at a chocolate place? No seas puto, puto. Get the chocolate and be done with it.
5	best hazelnut milkshake everrr!!!!!!! so fcking rich, flavorful, heavenly etc. i could drink it every day if you do not get this, you will regret it forever. ahhh i want to go back.
4	WHAT TO ORDER: The Banana Split WaffleWaffle + Bananas with a Crispy Carmelized Top + Chocolate Covered Rice Krispies + Milk Chocolate Truffle + Carmelized Rice Krispies + Carmel Sauce + Chocolate Sauce + Vanilla Bourbon Ice CreamIt sounds too sweet, but it's not. It was perfection.
4	Not a fan of sweet breakfasts and wasn't really feeling an omelet at that point so for brunch I got the goatcheese and chicken waffle salad. DELISH. I also got a white russian too... omg. THIS....was THE FREAKING BEST. I mean, who cares I'm drinking at 10 AM? It was a huge treat to drink this. It comes with all the kalhua in one glass and a teeny tiny erlenmeyer flask filled to the brim with this rich melted white chocolate and whatever was in there. Mix it up- delish. I can't tell you how delicious it was. We ended brunch and shared a waffle with bananas and icecream and I just wasn't too impressed with that. Meh. I had a sip of the mocha that came in a hug mug and that...was divine. Next time I go, I'm just going to have a liquid breakfast/lunch and order me some white russians and other coffee/hot chocolate drinks instead! **tip** iced mochas whether it's milk or dark will probably disappoint you, they'll become watery, and you can't really enjoy that pure chocolate flavor.
5	Oh Max, you had me at hello.Let me preface this by saying I'm not a huge chocolate fan. So given that, the fact that I was still blown away by the offerings here - says everything.On our final night in Vegas, my guy and I ventured in for a late-night dinner and drinks. Located conveniently inside Caesar's Palace (we stayed at Nobu Hotel), this was stumbling distance back to our suite - perfect.We started with a pair of the signature chocolate martinis. Picture the most perfect milk chocolate ganache, a hefty swig of premium vodka, and a dusting of chocolate powder...all perfectly poured into a sizable martini glass and topped with a ripe, chocolate-dipped strawberry skewer. Pure bliss, I tell you. The smoothness of all ingredients mingled together perfectly. We hardly needed dinner after these babies!Dinner, however, also did not disappoint. A bacon burger for him, a grilled chicken panini for me - and we were set! The accompanying waffle-cut fries were a great touch. We were officially stuffed and ready to roll out (literally).But then I saw it: A marshmallow-topped, white chocolate ganache white russian. Yes, I had to have it. It came out with a side of liquid white chocolate ganache which we drizzled into the perfect cocktail to our heart's content. (This drink was also amazing.) Key takeaways: Go here for a chocolate martini, even if you aren't a dessert person or a chocolate lover! Stay for some food (you'll need it), then split another beverage or two. If you're a fan of White Russians, do not pass up the opportunity to get one here. Regardless of what you choose, you will want to try everything on the menu! On our next visit, I'm hittin' this place up for a chocolate-covered brunch. O.M.G.
4	Great food.  Great drinks.  Great service.  Get a hot chocolate to go.  Sooooo good.
5	Get your seats reserved online with open table.   Easier and faster than at the door.  If you like chocolate then you will love this restaurant.
5	Having left disappointed from Serendipity I entered "Chocolate" into yelp. Me and some friends found this place and where not disappointed. The food is great the chocolate is amazing and I will make this a regular breakfast stop while in Vegas. The price was a pleasant surprise. All of there chocolate drinks we had were outstanding.
3	Meet Max Brenner, his wife Liron. He created this place for bona fide chocolaholics, and it's hard not to get addicted to something. You order a chocolate crepe or something, and end up with a chocolate shake, too. Today, we splurged on chocolate fondue. Do me, I said to it.His chocolate cafes are popping up all over the world. With all truthfulness, this Vegas location isn't as cool as Brisbane, Australia. While it's the same menu, there's something about the Vegas claustrophobia, the dim lights, the dark furniture, the people frenzy -- that make it a lot less hip and casual than how Aussies do a chocolate gorging party. Still, if you've got cravings than this is the place to Max out. #gluttony
4	We came here for a "snack", as my ever hungry friend called it, as we were here shopping.Our "snack" consisted of a Spicy Chicken & 3 Cheese Pizza, Yummy Baja Style Fish Tacos, Black & Tan Beer Battered Onion Rings, shakes, a coffee, and an OMG Chocolate Chunk Cookie. I think we ordered more food but I was entering a food coma already so I sort of forgot, I just know the bill came out a little under $100.I'd compare the food here to a really good version of Friday's, good but nothing amazing.The portions were pretty decent, big enough that most normal people would call it a meal.
4	I've wanting to try this place out for the longest time! A lot of my friends from east coast are all in love with Max Brenner, so I gotta check this place out! and finally thank you Vegas :) it's in the Cesar Palace. the food is good, but my god the dessert was absolutely amazing!
3	As soon as I saw the pictures of the OMG chocolate chunk cookie I knew I had to try this place! Luckily we stumbled upon their happy hour (9-close everyday) with $6 items. We ordered1) INTOXICAKE DRINK (5 stars)- chocolate flavored vodka with marshmallow. I LOVED THIS DRINK. Chocolate + Vodka?? Absolutely worth the $6. This I can have over and over and over. Did I mention it was chocolate vodka? Enough said!!2) WAFFLE FRIES dusted with cocoa and chili powder and chili mayo for dipping (4stars) - this was delicious, but absolutely not worth $6 b/c the amount was ridic. You get like 10 waffle fries. I suppose it's worth trying once, but I wouldn't get it again.3) OMG CHOCOLATE CHUNK COOKIE ($5)  with the option of dark chocolate or milk chocolate with walnuts - (NO stars). Also, if you want it on the plate with fancy side garnishes it will cost $12, but if you just want the cookie it's $5. I chose the milk chocolate option and was disappointed that the cookie was pretty tasteless and not to mention BURNT all around the edges. I literally took one bite and left the rest alone b/c it wasn't worth the calories. 4) ONION RINGS (2 stars) - 6 or 7 onion rings for $6. No - not only were these not great, they were pricey. Overall I give this place 3 stars b/c their prices were steep and tiny portions. I would however return for the intoxicake drink. That drink alone is 5 stars.
5	I love this place. Every person at the table fell in love with their dish. I had the skirt sliced steak panini. Craze amaze!! Shakes were so smooth. Service was awesome. I loved this place!!
4	Visiting NYC a couple years ago - my husband and I fell in love with the Bald Chocolatier! We did not eat in the Vegas location, only bought items in the store, and TRIED to order some cookies from the counter.Why Four Stars if the Counter Service sucked, and we ended up leaving without cookies because the Server behind the Counter made Eye Contact twice, but chose to ignore me, and the Cashier at the Store would not ring up 2 cookies...the chocolate is delicious!The hot Cocoa Mix (if you eat here, make sure you save room for the real Hot Cocoa in house) is like nothing else! The chocolate bars, and truffles are rich, creamy, and satisfying with a half of bite.Product alone gets 4 Stars (5 Stars would have been awarded if I was leaving with cookies, but Service is a Negative). Maybe if we had eaten there or tried to get a table, the Service would have been better!
5	My wife and I had breakfast here and the service plus people watching was the best.  Their chocolate dipping sauce (served with breakfast) is AWESOME.  The staff was attentive to building my breakfast as requested and delivered in a timely manner and with friendliness. I highly recommend this locale for breakfast or anytime.
4	If you wanted your chocolate fix, this is the place. A wide variety of chocolate drinks and foods. Love their shakes! Can get packed, as it is a like on the small side.
4	Happy hour is M-F 3-6 and 9-close for $5 plates! Satisfaction guaranteed super tasty! Castries peanut liquor, caramel liquor, milk chocolateCrepe: hazelnut banana toffee- very good but didn't like the toffee ice cream. Liked that orange segments w/ mint inclu.Spectacular meltin choco sundae: just okay. Marsh fluff, graham cracker, choco ice cream, wht choco...Hot choco choco pops: yummy choco pearls make the diff! Served in hug me mug.10% off store with receipt.
4	Dear Mr Brenner,I just wanted to let you know that ever since I took my wife to your fine establishment, all she could talk about was your desserts!Let me explain. Some friends of ours told us about your happy hour specials. So we went on a Tuesday night at 9 pm. Once we got to the bar and saw our choices on the happy hour menu, we couldn't make up our minds. We loved the fact that some of the appetizers and desserts are only 6 bucks. Since it was our first time, we decided that a couple hundred more trips should be able to allow us to experience every one of your creations.I decided to go with the Max Brenner Sliders while my wife went for the Philly Sliders. For dessert, we decided to share the S'mores Concoction. We were a bit hungry so we were thinking of ordering some more food after we put our order in. But when our two orders got there, we didn't have to because these "appetizers" that we supposedly ordered were pretty much meals by themselves! Both sliders were scrumptious and filling. As for the S'mores Concoction, two words came to mind after tasting it. Rich and Decadent. It's comparable to a person just trying out drugs for the first time and is curious about other drugs. Well, I can say this dessert is the gateway to all the other desserts on your menu! So if you have a sweet tooth, you just might overdose here.So ever since we were there the first time, we have been back several times, even bringing other friends and family with us. If we don't have kids with us, we hit up your 3 to 6 pm or 9 pm to close happy hours at your bar because you have to be 21 and older. So in closing, maybe you should have a chocolate lovers stamp card or something because I know for sure we would have filled up about 2 of them.
4	Came here to oogle at chocolate and possibly eat. We just got a milkshake instead.. the oreo one.It was very yummy and you could tell the chocolate was of quality. It was rather pricey though... I would come here again maybe for some choco inspired food. What a cool idea for a restaurant.
5	Our favorite restaurant in Las Vegas, sadly seldom ever busy though. Cheesecake Factory (also in the the Forum Shops) is always super busy, but even there already great desserts (I love cheesecake) can't compare to Max Brenner. Brenner's might be a little bit more - but def worth a visit, especially if you're a tourist.
4	I myself, being a devout chocolate worshipper, had to try this place at least once when I was offered a free sample near their store.  I could smell the chocolate oozing from this place...I opened with a white chocolate chai tea that they let you strain into your own cup and I have never had better... absolutely fantastic and aromatically induces visuals of being tucked away in a cabin somewhere in winter.  The whole restaurant has a more intimate and warm feel than say a Ghirardelli's etc.I didn't come hear to eat "real food" I decided so I ordered a chocolate pizza (wouldn't you?) to finish my pancreatic stress and was more than happy as I sipped on my chai.Everything I saw being brought out to customers was eloquently made and pre-ordained to give the customer a lasting impression... whether through smell, taste, or visually.  All staff was friendly and attentive, and there is an upstairs as well for larger groups if you are rolling deep.I would highly recommend having lunch or dinner here if you happen to be strolling through Caesar Palace's "Forum Shops".  A very well put together establishment and menu.4/5 stars: A bit pricey but what else do you expect on the strip? :)
5	Such a pleasant place. Really really amazing service from the man behind the bar, where we ate dinner. I got the chicken panini, chocolate and Nutella milkshake, and the churro fondue. I definitely suggest going out there and enjoying what they have to offer. I will be back!
3	Boyfriend & I went for a late-night anniversary dinner. Started it off with their famous Chocolate 'Tini. Wasnt a huge fan of it, it was way too strong for my liking. I liked the strawberry that came with it though! Ordered their Brenner Burger, just your average, normal burger. It came with all your usual fixin's & waffle fries. The sauce was to-die for! My boyfriend had their Steak Panini & he loved it.Overall, it was a good food experience. Just wasn't a fan for their Chocolate 'Tini and ambiance. Hostess and server weren't attentive. We were in the very front of the line but the hostess decided to seat the larger party behind us because she knew them. I was in a nice mood so I didn't go off on her. The server seemed a little rude too, as if he didn't want to serve us. It's okay though, I guess as long as you have good company, you'll enjoy it here.
5	From the moment you walk in Max Brenner smells AMAZING. We sat at the bar because we were in a hurry to get to a show. Our server Sean was very knowledgable in the questions we asked. He was very friendly and understood we were in a hurry but he wasn't rushing us in any way. We would definitely go here again and ask for Sean again.
2	I came here one night for dinner, and the next day for some desserts since we were too full the night before.First the service here is not really that great overall. The first night we came here we were sat and placed our order, the person that delivered the entrees took one of our dishes to the wrong table next to us, then he went away to try to figure out where the food went. He took forever and the people at the other table ended up handing our food to us, and finally our waitress came with the rest of the food. We also ordered an appetizer and that did not come out until after the main dishes were almost gone.The second day we came during happy hour and told we had to sit at the bar to get those prices. So we moved to the bar and two bartenders told us they would be right with us, which apparently meant more then 20 minutes, there was very few people in the place at the time too. Finally we got tired of it and went back to our table and skipped the happy hour pricing. I also noticed that two fairly attractive women came to the bar after we went back to our table, they were helped right away and they even finished and left before us. Great to know they value all the customers equally. As far as the food, the regular food was average nothing special, not bad and not great. The desserts were actually pretty good, we had a shake and a waffle banana split. I might consider returning just for the dessert, but on the other hand with so many choices in Vegas especially in the way of food why bother coming back to a place with such bad service.
4	My only complaint is I did a reservation on my YELP app on the Open Table and when I checked in for my table the hostess didn't check me in for my points for Open Table, I guess I should of checked before I left.So we sat outside of the restaurant which wasn't really "outside" but inside Caesar's Palace the Forum, which meant great and I mean awesome people watching if you can imagine.I ordered a Butterscotch Chocolate Cream Milkshake with cake vodka added...it was delicious. It was made with dulce de leche icecream, toffee sauce, pure milk chocolate & whipped cream with the added Cake Vodka. mmmmmmmMy friend had a Hazelnut Cream Chocolate Milkshake and added a hazelnut kind of liquor and she was loving it. Also they came in the cutest Alice in Wonderland kind of glass that said  "Drink Me" and when you looked down at the opening of the glass it was the Cheshire Cat's smile. They sold them there too...I should of bought one.My friend order a Grilled Chicken Panini and fries, she said it was good and I got the appetizer White Corn Croquettes which I liked, they were small, like one or two bites worth and 4 came on a plate.The bill came in this cute/fun box that said  "Money for Life" and "Chocolate for the Soul" on it.Our waiter was super friendly and helpful with helping us decide on what to get and what not to get.They have a small little store where you can buy some yummy chocolate items and gifts to take home, we even got a sample of a chocolate candy.
4	I loved the NYC store and this one was almost the same. The chocolate of course was amazing, but it did take them 3 times to light our sterno for our marshmallows. Overall I recommend to anyone looking for rich chocolate desserts. We didn't have any if the regular food in the menu or any of the alcoholic beverages, but those around us were enjoying their food and drinks.
4	I love this place and for their happy hour at the bar it's totally worth it. one specific qualifications for their happy hour though is you must be seated at the bar so if there's no more seats you can't get the happy hour it's a first-come first-served service. That was really weird to hear about because they don't have that many seats and there was a customer behind me who had two people with her but there's only one seat and they just wanted to take some martinis and sit at the nearby table but they wouldn't offer them the happy hour price for that only the one person who was actually at the bar?? I definitely would recommend the dessert menu alone though... It's a cool twist to the classic chocolate
4	Great place to satisfy your sweet tooth! Our waitress Erica was so pleasant the first time we visited. Second time we weren't as lucky with the service or the food, but then again we ordered sandwiches. Stick with the sweets, there are plenty of choices.
3	I ate there twice, the place was clean, the food was good. But, prices are high and service was very slow.  I hope they will get better because it's to bad that in such a fancy place you have to wait for so long for assistance.
4	Price is decent for what you're getting.
4	White Russian = Four Stars, we came during happy hour when they had this cocktail on their happy hour menu. It is rich and creamy and divine. It's so rich that it covers the vodka in the drink. They top everything off with mashmellows. So good!Deeply Rich Dark Hot Chocolate = Four Stars, this is one hot small hot chocolate that you definitely need to share with someone. It is so velvety and rich. It's so chocolatey and creamy. It is certainly chocolate heaven for a chocoholic like myself. Liquor Infused Chocolates = They definitely offer some of the best chocolate around. These chocolate confectionaries are so delightful to savor. You can pick whichever flavor chocolate you want and they will wrap it up with a bow for you. So cute!
5	I had breakfast here and I LOVED IT!!!The ambience is so cartooney and cute, I love how they had quotes all over the restaurant- even on what the bill came in! The Nutella and strawberry crepe was delicious- it had little pieces of burnt sugar in it which gave the crepe such a perfect crunch & the huevos rancheros sunrise burrito was great as well, the sauces it came with definitely paired well with the burrito and potatoes.LOVE LOVE LOVE! Can't wait to eat at Max Brenner again!
5	Can't get enough white chocolate
5	Came here with my friend a couple of weeks ago for desert and drinks! I must say everything we had was soooo tasty!! the chocolate martini was to die for delicious!! desert was amazing! Bravo!
4	The OMG cookie and Banana Hazelnut Crepe were amazing! Coming here every time for my sweet tooth fix in Vegas
4	Sweet tooth anyone?If you have never been to Max Brenner, your sweet tooth has no idea what is coming!If you come here during their dual happy hour at the bar, you will find a good amount of sweets and savory items for a clean $6.Heard a lot about the Brenner Burger Sliders, but I wasn't too impressed with them personally. They were overcooked and the flavor wasn't too impressive. I much preferred the Mini Philly ($6 HH): Shaved Ribeye, 5 Cheese Blend, Caramelized Onions, and Roasted Pepper Mayo. These were good, much better than the burgers IMO. Great taste and the happy hour price of $6 was pretty good value!And of course...the chocolate! The Chocolate Chunks Pizza ($6 HH): Max's Double Chocolate Melting Chunks, Bananas, and Roasted Marshmallows (1/2 portion). This was super rich, chocolatey and tasty in each bite. It was almost too much for me...overwhelming chocolate amazingness! I also tried the "Smores Concoction" which was mind blowingly good! Loved the milk chocolate mousse, but it was so rich that I started getting a headache LOL.Check it out if you need some serious diabetes training!A few pics of the goodies :
5	Love Max Brenner!! We had our wedding reception dinner in the upstairs room here a year ago and it was a blast! We decided to go back to Vegas for our 1 yr anniversary and of course had to eat at Max Brenner's again. We loved it just as much this time. Great food, service and fun atmosphere. This time we ordered breakfast and had the BEST homemade biscuits we have ever had!!!! You can't go wrong here
4	Food was very good! I split the Kobe burger and the Mac N Cheese with a friend because we had to try both. Both were great will you will be happy with either of them.  I did not order any of the deserts but some people in our group ordered Milkshakes and they LOVED them! Max Brenner is defiantly worth giving a shot!
5	This place reminds me of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.  Soooo much chocolate here.  My friend got the hot chocolate which was so thick!  It's served in these really cute cups that require you to "hug" the cups to drink it.  We came here for breakfast, so I got the 'Max'ican Omelet.  It was really good.  It had slices of avocado in it.  It came with a sugared biscuit w/ butter and chocolate spread.  I liked this place!  I would come back here again.
5	Very please with this place! I came for breakfast AND lunch in the same day. I was very happy with their breakfast bagel with salmon- the only thing I was not happy about was my mimosa. The first glass was poured with flat champagne, and when I asked for another they seemed a tad annoyed, but the second glass was perfect. Keep in mind though, it was not worth $12.95, I'm used to getting bottomless mimosas for this price for where I live... I would go for the food, not drinks.Other than that, I recommend going! The food prices seem very decent for the amount of food you get. My boyfriend go the huge goblet of yogurt and granola, and the other dishes we saw across from us were giant. The desserts were delicious as well :) It's very Parisian-like with chocolate decor, very adorable!
3	My husband and I shared a burger and dessert. The burger was pretty tasty though small and I enjoyed the waffle cut fries that came with it. For dessert we got a waffle that had chocolate sauce, rice krispies, bananas, and ice cream. It was pretty delicious but again a little on the small side considering the prices at this place. We were in a group of 6 and the service was a tad on the slow side too. All in all an okay place to go and if you're in a group they take reservations which is convenient. Coffee is decent and there is a bar and chocolate shop inside. Next time I think I'd stick to just fun drinks and dessert there rather than a meal.
4	The food was excellent. I went there for Friday brunch around 11am. It wasn't too busy and got a seat at the bar area right away. There were still plenty of tables available too. They have tables that one side is a booth type of bench seat and the other are awkward wooden chairs. I saw a larger man sitting in one of the chairs who looked uncomfortable. Make sure you request a booth rather than a table that has only chairs. I ordered the B.L.A.T. ( bacon lettuce avacado and tomato ) sandwich. This was one of the best BLT sandwiches I have ever had. I love that put nice big chunks of avacado on the sandwich. The bacon was thick and cooked well. No skimping on ingredients here. Would defiantly come here again for lunch/brunch again.
2	I don't know if it's our bad luck, but Loren F and I keep going to these hyped up places and get let down by the just ok food. Max Brenner is located inside the Forum Shops and is known for their dessert menu, but also offers a variety of American fare. We came during happy hour (M-F 3-6 and 9-close.) So maybe that's partially our fault for only trying a fraction of the menu. Here's the breakdown of the food:Mojito$6 for happy hour drink inside a casino is a steal. Drank 2 of them since I was thirsty, but then again I never have just one drink during happy hour. Good amount of mint and lime, way too much syrup. I had to try and squeeze out as much lime juice as I could so I wouldn't be drinking diabetes. Brenner slidersEh. Also $6 for happy hour. Came with 2 mini sliders and about 5 waffle cut fries. Completely underwhelmed by the taste. It's a burger that could be found at a normal place like PTs. Nice presentation though. Chocolate chip walnut cookiePretty massive cookie. Came with a side of whip cream, strawberries and a mini glass of chocolate syrup (which I wanted to put in my purse BTW.) Cookie was full of chocolate and walnuts, but again nothing that would knock my socks off. I dropped part of it on the floor as I was cutting it and my response to that was "there's goes $4 on the ground." It was only a small piece, but just the concept of dropping such an expensive cookie on the ground just ruffles my feathers. All in all, I came for the experience of just trying new places. Don't know if I'll be back, but it was fun. Tip: to any tourist reading this, just because you are from out of town does not mean you can act like a jack a$$. Please say excuse me if we accidentally bump into each other while walking and abide by the laws of driving. You still have to stop at a stop sign!!!!!!!!!!!
5	It was so good we had to come back again the next day for desserts. Food lover like us it totally made our trip to vegas even better. Its located inside the forum shops where I have never been to, so it was fun walking and touring inside. Getting to max brenners, we got there overly excited from looking at yelp pics all week, and all the food did not dissappoint! We started our food marathon with all of their hot chocolate drinks, one stood out was the white hot chocolate and the salted caramel shake. It was unbelievable. Then we all tried the yelp recommendations for the main dishes. Burrito was delicious, the pancakes though were nothing special. Not as chocolate-y as I was expecting and very dense for pancakes.Came back the next day for desserts, and had twice the fun. All of them are good, although ordering all of the fondue was overkill, they were all still mighty good. Had the churros fondue, very small servings for the desserts btw but still good. Def waiting on coming back here again.
3	I think it's prob a 2.5 overall in my mind but I round it up for the nice waitress. *This is strictly based on the dessert*I had my first chocolate cocktail. I believe it was called the mocha madness. As good as the cocktail was, paying around $14-15 is way overpriced for a small drink. Yes, it does taste pretty good and it is really unique and I love the plating but as good as it was, I think I rather spend my money somewhere else. (No offense) My friend got the ice cream bar thing. It was around $8 for something that's prob not really homemade ice cream that comes with 3 toppings: nuts, chocolate sauce, and chocolate pebbles. As I said, I really love the plating but the ice cream was eh. The weird part was seeing my friend not even using half the toppings for each item...so to me I just find this place to be overprice.Can come and try the mocha madness(which was pretty good) but I'm just saying it's not really worth the price. So maybe come and try it out and see for yourself?
4	You HAVE to try the hazelnut cream chocolate milkshake and their cheesy cheesy mac and cheese (add the chicken it's totally worth it). Friendly staff. Great atmosphere you can smell the chocolate from a 100 feet away.
2	Yelpers let me down on this one! Poor service and dessert combinations that were mediocre. This place was a let down.
5	Ahh!! Okay, so I was a bit skeptical to go here just because they are known for their desserts and chocolate, which I am not a big fan of. Maribel T. had made reservations at 11:00 to meet up with her BFF one last time before we head back to Cali. We came here on a Saturday morning and they were pretty busy. I got the cream cheese with bacon and tomato bagel.Loved it, I mean you can't really mess that up, right? Maribel's sister ordered some waffle fries, I had a few and dipped it with the dipping sauce it came with and it was soo freaking delish, Yumm Yum-Yum! Loved it!! (forget about ranch!)After having our entrees, we got the dessert menu. Maribel T. and her sister ordered the Chocolate Pizza with the works and banana waffle. i really didn't want to try the Chocolate Pizza because it was topped with marshmallows and I hate marshmallows, BUT for some reason I kept eating it. There was something about the Chocolate Pizza, it might have been the hazelnut bits and/or the peanut butter that mixed well with the marshmallows. Yummy Yum-Yum! The banana waffle was just as delish! Maribel T. and I also tried their double machiatto served in their kangaroo cup, my was it strong. haha! They also have a small little gift shop where you can purchase their mugs, cups, etc. This place is located in the forum shop across from H&M.
4	It's like a real life Willy Wonka and the chocolate factory. It's sweets on top of sweets covered in rich chocolate sauce. A definite stop for sweet tooth fanatics.
4	Want to get chocolate wasted? Well this is the perfect place for that! This place was highly recommended by one of my best friends and I knew I had to pay a visit here. The shakes were on my mind as soon as we landed and that is exactly where we headed too. Going to Vegas during the summer was definitely not a great choice but we were in Vegas in a heat wave and all I've been thinking about was those damn Shakes! We headed straight to Max Brenner from picking up our rental and we were probably a few of the first customers there around 10ish. We ordered some breakfast omelets and they were so good and fulfilling. It was unique how they had bread with our meals and chocolate and white chocolate served as replacement for their butter. I ordered the Hang over omelet which came with bacon, onions and red peppers and side of potatoes and buttermilk biscuits. I didn't know much of this place until I got here but there was tons of humgous chocolate bars displayed around the restaurant. Some were fake though but we got to hold one of the bars and it was quite heavy and quite expensive. If I was a kid I would love love love this place because I would want to get everything in chocolate. And this place is the place for that with Chocolate pizza, waffles, cookies, crepes, Bagels, and even A Chocolate Burger!  And of course I had to order me a shake, the chocolate hazelnut milkshake. which came in their famous Alice Cup. It was so refreshing and the it was made just right not too sweet and overpowering.They also have a gift shop located to the right of the restaurant. I made sure I paid a visit there too so I could get my BFF a souvenir. I got here those Milkshake Mix with the infamous cups and she was so ecstatic about getting it. I can't wait to go back and try more of their amazing shakes! Only reason it was short of a star was because of the prices, there was only 3 of us and my bill came out to $60.00 for breakfast and 2 shakes. Which is worth It but I wouldn't come here on a daily only because H&M is right across from them.
5	Yum! I have been here 3 times and everything I have had has been great (breakfast, dessert, hot chocolate).
5	Don't know where to begin... If I could give Max Brenner 10 stars... I'd give them 11! :P They are magnifique! My husband had a delicious classic mojito packed with lots of fresh mint leaves, yum! And I had one of their famous Alice in Wonderland milkshakes! Best. Milkshake. I've. Ever. Had. 'nuff said.We also shared the Fondue for Two... *drooool* Their chocolate is soooo good... I want to say it was the best chocolate I've ever had =x Everything was beautifully presented and so delicious! We'll definitely be back whenever we're in Vegas!! :D
4	I really really wanted to give this place 5 stars but I think the Food Channel kinda over-hyped it for me, so I was somewhat disappointed that the famous chocolate pizza. I'm down to try this place again, the next time I go to the Forum Shops, but I don't think I'll get more than a milkshake (which is fantastic btw).Total Bill: $54Party: my boyfriend and IDishes Ordered: Macaroni&cheese, chicken panini, 80's milkshake, chocolate pizzaAmbiance: Casual and Comfortable
5	Chocolate is the name, eating it is the game. Love this place, the supervisor even checked on us, and the food was marvelous! Me and my other counter part enjoyed the brunch/breakfast and we really enjoyed it. Everything is a chocolate theme.The coco is lovely and just a classic type of chocolate. The candy shop tied to the restaurant is just as awesome with the pecan encrusted nuts treats. We even bought some to fly home with us because we could not get enough.Great food great treats and snacks, a spot I wouldn't pass up on your visit.
4	I had been dying to try this place for quite sometime and when a girlfriend and I happened to be at Caesars shopping, we stopped here for some dinner.Not as big as I was expecting it to be, but at the same time it wasn't as busy either. Surprising, but I wasnt going to let that stop me. We sat down at our table and the menu was decent. A little bit of everything so you're sure to find something youll enjoy. Our waitress was friendly and nice, knowledgeable on the menu. I ended up ordering the burger and wow! It was really good. It came with an onion ring on it which seemed a little off, but was delicious! Sorry to say I enjoyed it SO MUCH MORE than the Hell Burger from BURGR (sorry ramsay!) The waffle fries are delish they just don't give you enough!!! POO :-( My girlfriend also got the burger, we both enjoyed it very much. We both got cocktails, she got something more fruity and I went with the Tiramisu. It Came with a cute little cookie, and very very good! They have these little vials that they put shots in, SO ADORABLE! I am a huge sucker for presentation and so far, Max Brenner you were wowing me!Dessert, we decided on the popsicle fondue, very original! BUTTTTTT.. no popsicles! What?! I was a little upset because we had our heart set on this, I really wish the waitress would've notified us ahead of time, but it's okay.. they were able to give us vanilla ice cream in waffle cones and we still managed to enjoy our fondue. Still delicious! Came with an assortment of melted chocolate, chocolate crunchies, and chopped nuts. All in all it was really good, the prices are a little more than usual but what can you expect eating in Caesars palace? Worth the drive, money and time!
5	Chocolate Heaven with a capital H.I don't even know where to start. This place is great for so many reasons. First, forget the chocolate obsession - we will get back to that in a second. Max Brenner actually serves really delicious brunch/lunch food.   I was surprised to see such an extensive menu, sure to please any craving (both sweet and savory)!  I had their BLT with house-made fries and everything was just so perfectly executed, and  so generous in portion. My friends shared a goat cheese scramble of some sort, which was also very tasty.Ok let's talk chocolate. Holy Shit. Here chocolate comes in every form, shape, size, color. It can be a drink, a cocktail, an appetizer, your entree, your dessert, or all of the above.  Since we were in Vegas, we could not skip the alcoholic part of the menu. I got the Mocha Madness which came with little biscotti type cookies and it was delightful. Usually chocolate & liquor drinks tend to hurt my stomach but this was not too heavy.  My friend got the non-alcoholic hot chocolate served in a special "hug mug" (yes it's soo cute) and it was so rich and decadent and rich and decadent and rich (did I say that already?). Borderline indescribable. We could not stop drinking it. Wow. A must order!  My friends also split the Illegal Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate Pancakes. Ya, the name kind of says it all so I'll let your imagination do the rest. It was so so good.I think the icing on the cake was our superb waiter. He was so patient as we got lost in the menu, accommodating to our many requests, and gave us amazing recommendations. Although as far as I'm concerned, it seems you can't go wrong with any item with a Max Brenner stamp. I don't usually consider Vegas a very romantic place (I'm more of the clubbing and pool lounging type) but I would come here with my fiance just so we can have a Max Brenner foodgasm together and then go comatose by the pool. True story.
4	Place is located in the Forum shopping inside of Caesars Palace. Located right across from the largest H&M in the world! Anyway, I can't help but try the place after reading all the reviews and having the hot chocolatey aroma seep into my olfactory system from at least 200 - 300 yards away. When I came here I knew I had to have both savory and sweet to satisfy my cravings. After all, I'm not in Vegas too often. For the savory, I ordered the chicken and goat cheese salad. The salad came with balsamic vinaigrette and was topped on a huge waffle.  The chicken and salad was decent, and the waffle was definitely a nice touch.For the sweet I ordered the banana split waffles. It came with crunchy caramelized rice crispy bits. Bananas were chocolatey and sweet. I would say the fruit itself was sweeter and stronger than the added chocolate and caramel, if the makes sense. This is a good thing. It means the dish isn't too sweet for most people.Of course, I was unable to finish the meal even with added help on the banana split waffles. This was essentially both my lunch and dinner.I also couldn't resist ordering an original hot chocolate with white chocolate. It was a bit too thick for me. Good thing it was comparably a small size to the other drinks. I couldn't take too much of it, but it was good.We had an informative friendly server. Nothing like good service at a restaurant. Makes you feel welcome and at home.Overall, I would say the food is decent, but all the chocolatey choices definitely make it a unique restaurant that I will definitely return to next time. I still have to try the chocolate pizza's and fondue.
3	Perfect place to come for after meal dessert! But don't get me wrong they have pretty good food too!! They used to have a walk up counter outside where you could order a la cart chocolate pizza or the most AMAZING chocolate granitas but they no longer have it. :( that was always a must stop every time I went to forum shops. Only reason I gave it 3 stars is because most of the time the waiter barley comes to the table and service seems to be a little sucky... My experience for all 4 times I've actually gone to sit and eat. But at the end of the day the food is so good that the service becomes 2nd.
5	Fabulous service and $6 happy hour on Saturday. Just died and went to chocolate heaven!
3	As a chocoholic, I was looking forward to try this place. But out of four lunch and dinner dishes and three desserts I tried so far, nothing seemed worth raving about. Perhaps brunch is better? Guess I'll have to give them another chance...
3	I went for dessert, because lets be honest...chocolate is already good, but chocolate in Vegas sounds even sweeter. I got their chocolate truffle heart cake & I wasn't as impressed as I thought I would be. Don't get me wrong it was good, but slightly more on the mediocre side. & you could hardly taste the truffle. There not overpriced so that's always good since everything else in Vegas is. Oh! & their tea pots they have are so awesome!
4	Place has quality food and service yet is slow since I feel it is understaffed because staff works really fast despite slow speed
4	Oh Max Brenner, I know you're part of the problem when I gained 5 pounds hahaLocated inside the forum shops in front of H&M. They have a very nice atmosphere all centered around chocolate. Their chocolate hazelnut shake is the best I've ever had and whenever I come to forum I pick one up so I can drink while I shop :) Some of their deserts are a little excessive but still delicious. I truly love their enormous chocolate chip cookies. I've ordered their food several times to-go when I worked at forum and I've also sat down to eat but only when the wait was a little long at cheesecake factory. Their food is alright, very basic but I do like their waffle fries. The seating area is a little small, make reservations if you're coming as a group. I would recommend coming here only for their deserts and sweets, not so much their food.
5	Bring the insulin because you're going to need it. We came for evening dessert happy hour which was 9pm till close I believe. Everything was pretty good. From their chocolate cocktails (Satisfaction Guaranteed is BOMB!!) to their chocolate pizza to their cholataley sundae, I died. There was nothing especially novel except the pizza, that was a first for me, but what they did, they did VERY well and they had EXCEPTIONAL presentation on their items. The happy hour prices were really good and included savory items as well. The ambiance was nice and relaxed and it'd be a perrrrfect date spot. It has a full cafe inside as well.  I can't wait to come back and try their savory items then proceed to getting CHOCOLATE WAAAAASTED!!!
5	5 Stars for the Salted Caramel Shake! It was so good I went back twice before heading home. I also had the Salmon Bagel which wasn't too bad, but the Salted Caramel Shake makes up for everything they lack.
5	OMG this was a great choice on my behalf - and it didn't hurt that they take OpenTable reservations!  The restaurant is really nicely decorated and it has a warm cozy feel to it - even the restroom was nice!Our waitress, Brenda was very friendly and delivered great service! She was totally on top of everything and kept checking in on us as we had a lazy lunch.My BF had one of their waffle sandwiches that had turkey, bacon, & avocado - which was actually very delicious (of course I had to sample!) and I had the Huevos Rancheros Breakfast Burrito that was just as tasty!We didn't try any of their specialty chocolate/dessert based drinks. But we did stop by their gift shop (we got a 10% off coupon) and I bought a few gifts for friends.
4	Huge menu.  So many ridiculously awesome things to try.We had the white chocolate covered french toast and white chocolate covered waffles.  Great , but not the best we have ever  tried.  The service was great and prices and serving sizes were okay.
4	Unexpectedly amazing breakfast. We shared the hangover omelet and had one regular cappuccino and one with chocolate in the kangaroo mug. Our friend had the white chocolate strawberry waffle. Both were decadent and delicious, but the highlight of each was the sauce. For the waffle it was a strawberry honey. For the sugar encrusted biscuit with the omelet, it was a melted chocolate sauce that is still making my mouth water. In fact, we are headed back there for breakfast again today and I may just buy enough chocolate to take home and melt in my bathtub.The only thing that wasn't especially impressive was the kangaroo cappuccino. It was cute but the chocolate ended up as clumps in the bottom of the cup. You might need to stir it a lot and that would ruin your foam. Good service, though, still 4 stars.
5	This place is fantastic. Food is great the service was amazing. Overall a great experience
4	We came on a mellow Sunday morning with the full intent of having a breakfast and then some dessert.This was definitely a Willy Wonka experience for adults...though, with less of the fat German kid drinking from the fake brown water river that was supposed to be chocolate and more of a dessert wonderland feeling.It was sort of dead which I guess always puts a damper on the whole experience but things did pick up.  Inexplicably, they offered us a table behind the exterior menu board so we ate constantly with a shadow over us.  And I'm pretty sure we photobombed a bunch of people taking their pics with the menu board.It took a while to decide but I ordered a dark hot chocolate in their adorable hug mug and their scramble (one of the few savory breakfast items they have on their menu) while hubby went with their Illegal Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate Pancakes.Our food was pretty darn awesome.  My scramble came with a large piece of baguette and along side it, a little crock each of butter and chocolate.  FOR MY PIECE OF BAGUETTE.  How sinful is that??  I'm not going to lie - butter and choco sauce on bread is to die for.  Wow.  Hubby's pancakes were also probably (we both agreed but he said it first because he took the first few bites) the best pancakes we'd ever had.  It was topped with fried bananas and served with a white chocolate and milk chocolate sauce.  The pancakes didn't appear chocolately but they were still delicious.  In the end, we skipped dessert because hubby's pancakes were dessert enough (I had about 1/4 of that bad boy).  Service was nice and perfectly attentive.
4	Came here for breakfast with my sissy. I ordered their guilt free omelette while she got their killer breakfast skillet. My omelette came with potatoes and a biscuit. The omelette itself was just okay, the eggs were overcooked and dry. The sides were all delicious though. My sister loved her breakfast skillet. We both also loved the bread that came with our dish since it tasted so good with their chocolate sauce. The portions were also very generous.Afterwards, we ordered their fondue set for 2 and it was amazing. Every item was delish. No complaints. I'm just sad that we were too full to order a dessert pizza, so hopefully next time.
4	Chocolate-hazelnut milkshake was possibly the best shake I've ever had. Also had the mac-and-cheese. It was pretty good, too, but not rock-my-world good. Service was efficient and friendly.
5	Great
5	Chocolate lover's paradise! INSIDE THE FORUM SHOPS! Just want to help anyone looking; the Caesar's staff didn't know where it was and the map shows it's on the strip. Had a double chocolate cookie and chocolate hazelnut shake. Overdose! Found my new "go to" place! Used to be Sugar Factory until they changed owners and their food went downhill!
4	The salted caramel hot chocolate was SOOOOO decadent. I have never tasted anything so rich... which means it's probably bad for my waistline :( It's really good but so thick and creamy, just a little too much for me. Their desserts looked also good but a little pricey; might come back to try them next time!
5	Ive been wanting to try Max Brenner for quite awhile now and there are no California locations so I decided to try the Las Vegas location since I was in town. I made a reservation online because I wasn't sure if there was going to be a long wait. To my surprise it wasn't crowded at all but it was fine. I got seated 30 minutes before my actual reservation. My sister and I ordered the salted caramel shake, chocolate hazelnut shake, chocolate chunks pizza, and the waffle fries dusted with chili and cocoa powder. Everything was on point! 100% service and food! I came back the next day just to order a shake for the road. Kind of pricey but be aware of happy hour!
1	This is a terrible place with terrible service. The menu is insanely huge in a bad way. It makes Cheescake Factory's menu seem focused. They seemingly know nothing about chocolate. The ganache was grainy and overly sweet. More like Hershey's syrup. The "toffee" was beige corn syrup. The chocolate pizza is three times more unappetizing looking than it sounds. The place was EMPTY but we still waited almost 10 minutes to sit. There was a line out front that was completely ignored. Overall, an absolutely astounding experience.
3	Wings arent good, turkey club is turkeyless. Spinanch dip is great!  This is a another burger joint that specializes in chocolate pleasures & desserts. Cool atmosphere but food is suspect! Give it a try!
4	This meal was worth cheating on my diet.  I ordered the 5 Cheese Mac and Cheese with bacon minus the tomato.  It is baked and served in a skillet.  It was such a large portion my husband and I could have shared it.  When it came out the top had a nice crust of crispy parmesan cheese on it.  It came with a side of delicious marinara sauce.  It was a little skillet of cheesy heaven.Somehow we made room for a Chocolate Hazelnut shake in one of their signature Alice glasses.  It was good but we didn't really find the hazelnut flavor until we got the bottom of the shake.The reason for the 4 star review instead of 5 stars really hinged on our server.  There were many times that our glasses were empty and he was too busy talking to another server to notice.  He actually walked to the table next to us and walked away without noticing that we had empty glasses.  We tried getting his attention unsuccessfully but thankfully another server noticed and brought us refills.   Unfortunately this happened more than once and we wished we had been able to give her the tip instead of him.The food was so delicious that we wouldn't let this deter us from returning, we'll just request not to have him as a server.
4	Food was great. Portions were perfect - not too big or too small. It was slightly pricey, but that is to be expected on the Strip. Service was a little slow, we ordered one of the pancake selections as an appetizer to share before our actual meal, but it came out with the rest of the food. but the server was friendly. Also, I was with a table of 10, and 1/2 of us got food about 5-10 min before the other half. Not a huge deal, but it was so empty it didn't seem necessary. I did enjoy the food. There are so many options, it is hard decide what to order. I LOVED the hot milk chocolate with marshmallows!! I would go back just for that!! I even bought one of the Hug Mugs from the gift shop. Overall, I give it an A-.
4	What's better than a restaurant with hot chocolate for brunch on a Saturday morning? I'm a sucker for BLT's so I didn't even have to think twice about trying their BALT. I also had the apple white chocolate french toast and a italian hot chocolate.Everything was really flavorful. The hot chocolate was too sweet for me and the waffle fries were a bit too salty. It might be the old Asian lady tastes my mother has instilled in me. Everything was still good since I'd rather have it be seasoned than have it be bland.Our waitress was super friendly which always adds to the experience of good food. They had samples of their chocolate covered caramelized pecans. It didn't look that attractive but it was really good.Overall, the experience made the visit great. I wouldn't say that I am dying come back but I wouldn't mind. The food was a solid 3 stars but the service bumps it up.
3	Came here at 7pm on a Tuesday. Barely anyone there which I liked since we brought our 5 month old infant. Spinach dip tasty but chips kind of tasted staleSteak panini good but not greatKobe burger very tasty but not worth coming back forHazelnut shake, good but not the bestOverall the food is good. I'm glad we tried it, the service was great and fast since no one was there.
5	Best place to eat on a Sunday morning before you leave Las Vegas and head home. Melt in your mouth food and flavors that are worth the wait. Can't wait to go back again.
5	One if my favorite restaurants and by far favorite dessert place. I know max brenner from israel, but their branch in Vegas is even better!Took the mac n cheese and my wife took penne Alfredo. Both were amazing. Also took cocoa and chili dusted waffle fries. Even more amazing.
5	Husband and I shared the Mac n Chz and Chicken salad...both really good!Finished with the chocolate heart cake and Salted Caramel shake...best meal in Vegas this far!
5	Omg this place was so good. We had four orders and all were amazing.We ordered a pizza flatbread, the veggie burger, the mozzarella panini and a Mexican omelet. The food blew me away. All were great. My omelet came with potatoes and a biscuit and dipping chocolate.. What a fantastic combo! The omelet itself was among the best I've ordered. After that, the biscuit with the chocolate to go with was just a wonderful way to conclude the meal. We licked the chocolate clean.The cappuccino I ordered was fantastic too.The only thing I found a little disappointing was the hot chocolate. I ordered the salted carmel hot chocolate, and it was just a little too weak for my taste. It was still really good, just more milky than I was expecting... and i was expecting (perhaps unfairly) a decadent thick almost-liquid-chocolate type goodness...and this wasn't that. It was a milky hot chocolate. Finally, fellow vegetarians out there :), this place has a decent number of vegetarian options! And best of all, they are all scrumptiously good.
5	A chocolate lovers dream!! This place is amazing!! Great service too! We had the chocolate, chocolate, chocolate pancakes and the brenner burger both outstanding.
5	Fairly pricey, but what do you expect it is Vegas! For was very unique and flavorful!
3	Interesting food place. I woke up in Vegas craving chocolate pancakes. I yelped "chocolate pancakes" and this place came up. Honestly, I liked the concept of a chocolate restaurant. The chocolate was great. The pancakes, not so much. They tasted rubbery. I liked the side of eggs I ordered better than the pancakes. Ihop has better chocolate pancakes than this place. I will give this place another chance as they had several other chocolate dishes that looked yummy. But the pancakes are fail. Brenda was an awesome waitress!
3	Mixed feelings about this place!! I have now come here at least 4 times.I've ordered anything from omelettes to sandwiches to desserts. I really like their milkshakes and hot chocolate. Especially these little chocolate crackly cookies that remind me of a crunch bar.Skip the waffles -- they are really hard and taste  stale -- the waiter proudly informed us that they were imported from Belgium, which didn't really impress us because that means it's probably preserved!!I had real waffles from Belgium and they taste nothing like this. They should really make fresh ones!
3	Ate here with with some business partners tonight. The service was mediocre although it was a pretty slow night it seemed. Had the pizza, which was nothing to rave about. The chocolate deserts were very delicious though.
5	Chocolate and alcohol has never sat well with me. It may be from my unpleasant encounter with chocolate wine. Max Brenner definitely knows the right mix. My friend and I came 30 minute before happy hour, right in time. My friend got a chocolate martini called satisfaction and I got a chai tea infused with white chocolate ganacheThe chocolatini was actually really good. If had a thicker consistency, kind of like a lighter milk shakeThe chai tea was awesome too. They put if in a tea thing that you put on top of of the cup for the drink to come out. It was a lot more flavorful than other chai teas I usually get. If this wasn't in Caesars I would come here for a good chai.I forsure want to come back and try some other stuff.
4	I am in LOVE with this place. A chocolate lover's dream! We did need to eat real food prior to indulging in their chocolate selections, so I ordered a Deep Bleu Cobb Salad that was perfectly delicious. My boyfriend ordered the mac and cheese....THE BEST mac and cheese we have eaten! (We are mac and cheese snobs). Served sizzling in a hot skillet with bacon, it took all of me to stop from eating all of it. Had to save room for dessert which I ordered the Melting Chocolate Truffle Heart Cake and Shake. The chocolate shake -- to die for! The perfect portions of chocolate and cold vanilla ice cream. The chocolate shake that came with it was perfectly malty and refreshing. Can I go back now?
4	An excellent place for desserts, hot chocolate, & milkshakes. Go with a big party and have everyone order a different dessert because there's so much to try. This is definitely a place to revisit!
5	Whenever im in vegas I go here. This place is an amazing desert place if you have a very sweet tooth and im addicted to sugar like a walter white to his craft! We tried some new desert pasta this time around thinking it was daring; NOPE it was great, just dont forget to add some dark chocolate crunch things (forgot the name)
4	Wait time was 20 mins but ended up waiting 30mins. the front reception had 3 people checking and seating people and was very unorganised. They said they called our phone that our table was ready but we never gave our number we had told them we would stand right there by the entrance the whole time. lady with boofy hair didnt even apologise. anyways once we got seated the waitress and chef and food made us a lot happier. Food was amazing! Chocolate fondue was so good it was coma inducing! Sunday pasta was delicious Mexican hot chocolate was different and delicious.
5	wow wow wow!  this place is good.  we were walking around in a group of 5 looking for a spot to eat and just happen to walk into ceasers.  Had no idea where to go and my girl said hey that looks good.  It said chocolate so she said it looks good.  At first you think its a chocolate factory but its more then that.  It serves lunch.  I ordered the kobe burger, my girl went for the waffles, buddie went for the hangover omelete, and pops got the breakfast skillet.  The kobe burger was outstanding.  I mean OUTSTANDING! so juicy, so perfect.  oh my goodness i want it again!  The waffles were also very good.  I couldnt help but take a bite.  The whip cream was amazing.  The breakfast skillet was also very good.  The omelete i was told was perfect and the name the hang over omelete was the perfect name for it.  This place is not cheap but the food was outstanding! Worth every penny.
3	The Mac and cheese was pretty awesome, you should definitely ask for chopped grilled chicken to be mixed in for an extra four bucks! It was suggested to us by our waiter and it was an awesome addition to make the dish out favorite of the night! The steak panini wasn't as good as we had expected it to be according to the other reviews.., it deserves three stars out of five. The elevator smells ridiculously funky... Do not use it to get to the upstairs bathroom. The bathrooms were so gross.... There was only toilet paper in one of the stalls and that stall had various toilet papers and other paper trashes strewn on the floor.. The towel dispenser was broken as well so I had to air dry. I got the omg cookie for dessert, the cookie was a brittle/ crunchy cookie, instead of the soft cookie I had expected, but it softened up after I drizzled the chocolate sauce on the cookie. Overall, it deserves something like a three stars. My bf got the s'mores concoction on the sweet icons page of the dessert menu and   Seemed to really like his dessert. Both were really sweet though. Three stars because it was only the Mac and cheese that impressed us that night, and because we were seated in an obscure corner of the restaurant even though there were plenty of better tables free as well. I liked the new York max brenner restaurant I had visited much much more than this one and will go there instead of here if I ever feel the urge to forge on chocolate again!!
5	Amazing
5	OMG!  This place is AMAZING!  A restaurant dedicated to chocolate!  My new favorite restaurant in Vegas!  I started with the burger (yum!) and then had the 80's milkshake (double yum!).  There's so much more on the menu that I can't wait to try.  I'm definitely coming back and with a bigger stomach!
4	MMmm stopped with stellar group of gals...for late night after long convention .  It seems chocolate was a common attracter..that said, the menu was a little odd.  I ordered a salted caramel drink, thinking it would be hot, but server brought out a cold version....freebie for the table to sample (not fond of cold, makes my brain freeze)  Salt ended up being just the ticket.
3	Dined here twice during our stay in LV.The first time was for dinner with reservations made on Yelp through the app. Hubs and I showed up promptly on Tuesday night. The restaurant wasn't busy and we were seated immediately. Our waiter greeted us and have us the 411 on Max Brenner. I ordered the steak panini ($16.50) and Hubs ordered the cheese steak waffle sandwich ($14.95). The food took about 20 minutes. The steak panini was delicious and a little messy since the ingredients were chopped so it kept falling out. Hubs sandwich was a disaster. The taste was good but the waffle was thin and got soggy. He gave up on using his hands and went with flat ware. The waffle fries are to die for crispy and seasoned perfectly. For dessert we shared "The works" half portion pizza ($9.95) OMG, talk about a sugar high. It was all of my favs in one, carbs, banana, peanuts, chocolate and marshmallows. A small slice is all I needed since it was so rich. Our second visit was for brunch the next day. I made reservations the night before but it wasn't needed. When we showed up it was pretty dead. I ordered the "Max-ican" omelette (with egg whites $14.95) and Hubs ordered the tomato, bacon and cream cheese bagel ($6.95) and a pumpkin pie hot chocolate ($5.95) Brunch was delivered quickly. The omelette and potatoes were okay. The omelette didn't have much flavor and the potatoes were hard, cold and over fried. The biscuit was sweet, soft and warm so good with or without the chocolate dipping sauce.Service was great during both visits by the waiters, Beau and Ruy. I over heard the staff talking about how they were all sick during our brunch visit and saw one of them blowing and wiping their nose behind the bar area where the crepes area made. That was pretty disgusting and unprofessional. If that happened during our first visit we wouldn't have returned. Prices for the food quality and portions are average. It is a cool place and has good menu options. I'm turned off by some of the staff's actions, the complaining about being sick and the hostess not knowing how to take/make reservations (long story short it took 10 minutes to get it done) Overall the dinner experience was 4 stars and brunch was 2 stars.
4	Great place and fairly reasonable for the Forum Shops. Try the Sharing Fondue for Two...awesome!
1	It was very tasty, but the resulting food poisoning makes me never want to eat there again.The last thing I wanted for my birthday was to be stuck in my hotel for 2 days throwing up.
5	I love the hot chocolate! The mug itself is unique, which adds a bit of fun while drinking.The smokey dry rubbed chicken wings also have some additions to the usual taste you get from a regular restaurant, which makes the taste unforgettably good!
4	Definitely for chocolate lovers! We ordered the "Sharing for Two" fondue and it was very delicious! Our favorite was the banana tempura and homemade chocolate bark. Sugar alert but chocolate lovers unite! :)
4	Food is yummy and reasonably priced... and service does the trick, but could be better...the biscuit and chocolate ganache is the BUSINESS.
4	went here from a friends tip. WOW! shakes were so perfect , i had to have 2!my girlfriend had a chocolate martini, it was very tasty.  also had the sliders, not bad.great place for a sugar rush.. or after lunch or dinner.
5	The best shake I ever had!!! A mixture of white chocolate and starwberrys in a really cute cup. The bbq wings are amazing and the crepes are fantastic. Great p lace and reasonable price. Everything chocolate....amazing
5	I have eaten her many times over the years and it never disappoints. Vegas or New York locations are awesome, of course New York wins because well it's New York. As far as food the Chubby Turkey club is my go to. Deserts in order 1) Hazel nut crepe 2) Melting Chocolate Heart 3) Banana split waffle.  Also anything served in a hug mug is a must. My go to is the dark chocolate mocha latte.
4	Came here with my boyfriend for some yummy chocolatey dessert, and we we had the Melting Chocolate Truffle Heart Cake & Shake. Let me tell you, that was amazing! Ahhh. The chocolate was so rich, but everything balanced so well. Even though it seems small, do not underestimate it! This dessert is definitely good for 2 people. Because of the rich flavor, I don't think I'd be able to finish it all on my own. I would come back and get this again, we both loved it! Oh, and make sure you also get a glass of milk! The only reason why it I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because the service was so slow -_-. We were ready to order and the workers would keep passing by like they don't see that we're ready. Also, at the end, we waited forever for our checks, and forever to get our card back... the service just irritated me so bad. Other than the service, the dessert we had was yummmmmy!! :)
4	I just went in to look around and ended up leaving with $40 worth of goodies. While I did not eat there I would say that for getting some great indulgence food, this place is great. I am pretty fussy when it comes to chocolate and don't really eat a lot of it, this however is really good.
5	One of the best places for dessert and chocolate, dark chocolate, and more chocolate! I'm a regular here and have been going since it opened in Caesars Palace. Most if not all of their desserts are really good. The Italian Thick Hot chocolate (dark chocolate with Vanilla cream; you have a choice of milk or dark). It's pure decadent dark smooth thick goodness...  Mmmmm, warmth and comfort served in a cute hug mug!  (It's like a warm melted fudge beverage)   not only does it warm you up on the inside but warms up your hands as well Chocolate Chunks Pizza -order "the Works." Topped with melted milk and white chocolate chunks, crunchy hazelnut bits, bananas, peanut butter or roasted marshmallows  marshmallow. All the ingredients compliment each other and yet still showcases the chocolates; the pralines add great texture and crunch, roasted marshmallows are a great gooey addition to each bite!The Euphoria Peanut Butter Chocolate Fudge Sundae. "deep chocolate peanut butter ice cream, dulce de leche ice cream, caramelized toffee bananas, spiced peanuts and pure chocolate chunks topped with whipped cream and crunchy hazelnut bits. served with warm chocolate peanut butter and very pure milk chocolate ganache." The Warm peanut butter, melted chocolate chunks and the crunch from the hazelnut bits result in a spoonful of excitement and flavor!And as I've said before, most of their dessert items are awesome, like their waffles (Banana Split Waffle is the best choice), fondues with their own Chocolates (dark or milk), crepes, and so on This is definitely a must try!I never get tired of this place! CHOCOLATE! CHOCOLATE! CHOCOLATE
4	Came here twice in one weekend! The first time for dinner, I had the mac and cheese. It's pretty incredible.My boyfriend ordered the pillow steak panini.  I am a bit of a mac and cheese snob, where my boyfriend swears by Kraft. When my order came out he was all over it. His pillow panini was delicious as well, the meat cooked perfectly and the waffles fries went amazing with the aoli sauce that it came with. His only complaint was that the bread was a bit thick (hence pillow) and it was crispy all the way through, where he though pillow meant crunchy outside and soft on the inside.The mac and cheese was perfection! Creamy enough, crunchy a bit because of the bread crumbs and the bacon bits were the perfect touch! It also comes with a marinara sauce on the side, which I've never thought to put with mac and cheese but it was the perfect combination. It was having two types of pasta in one dish!The second time we were here, we came just for dessert (we were too full the first time). We came with five people total and ordered three things. The fondue for two, the chocolate heart cake and shake, and the churros. The fondue for two was the perfect amount of everything, we had the milk chocolate option, it came with super moist banana nut bread, fried bananas, strawberries, ice cream, chocolate wafers, regular bananas and marshmallows. The finishing touch was the open flame that you got to roast your marshmallows over. The churros were awesome as well. You could definitely tell that the churros were made in house, it came with caramel sauce, milk chocolate sauce AND raspberry sauce.Lastly was the heart cake and shake. This is where the minus star comes from. The cake was a lava cake of sorts, but it was incredibly dry. We each had a bite, and we just pretty much left the rest. The shake was super cute and perfect for one person to take a sip from. The best part was the chocolate sauce that was in the shake. It's meant to be used over the cake, but we ended up using it on just about everything! Overall we were chocolate wasted and needed naps after everything!
3	After reading the reviews and being the dessert lover that I am, I decided to give Max Brenner a try. I read great reviews of the O.M.G. chocolate cookie, so I decided I had to try it. The chocolate cookie has nuts ,and is served with hot syrup, whip cream, and berries. O.M.G. it wasn't worth the $9.95! I thought if a chocolate chip cookie was going to cost ten bucks, it would taste similar to gold -- I was wrong. With tax and tip, I ended up paying $12 for an average tasting and size chocolate chip cookie -- wtf.
4	OOF. Chocolate: good! Pure chocolate granita: good! Fondue for two: good!Can you get a lot of sweet crammed into one dining experience? You absolutely can. Can you pick a dish that's good to share? You bet. Can you also get savory items, if you're so inclined? Apparently, though we did not get a chance to sample anything savory.We were crazy enough to think, "Hey - I'm feeling a bit overly stuffed, but wouldn't something sweet be GOOD right about now?" We're masochistic. Or crazy. Or overly-ambitious. Or maybe all three. At any rate, we ended up at Max Brenner's cute little establishment kind of late on a Friday night. We got a table for three on the "patio" right away, and squabbled over which kind of fondue platter we'd order. I was drawn to one of the ice cream fondue creations (because, really - how can you go wrong with ice cream?) while the other two were listing off the virtues of ordering the fondue for two.I finally relented, and we ordered the fondue for two (even though we were sharing it amongst the three of us), with dark and milk chocolates. The menu said that the fondue would come with things like tempura bananas, chocolate sponge cake, waffles and choco-pops. In reality, we got banana slices, strawberries, marshmallows and a couple pieces of banana bread, with an extra container of caramel sauce.I guess they were improvising at that point. Everything was delectable, though I wanted to try the waffle pieces. I was surprised by how rich and smooth the chocolate sauces were. You expect the chocolate to be delicious, but everything was so silky and shiny - it was perfectly tempered and so cutely displayed!Our waiter got extra points for putting up with us, and sharing some of our jokes. It takes a special personality to handle us sometimes, believe me.I would have liked to have gone back to try the savory items, and maybe give the spicy hot chocolate a go, but the timing didn't work out. It's definitely on my list for our next Vegas visit, though.
3	Wow the place I think I have dreamt about since watching Charlie and the chocolate factory. This place is not for you if you are on a diet,  if you watch your carbs or have dairy,  nut or wheat allergies.  That is because everything is either ice cream,  chocolate,  waffles, crepes and more.  As a vegetarian is was a difficult menu for me but there new menu had a pumpkin salad which was Delish but it had paramsan cheese on it which was not stated on the menu,  the waffle it was placed on was a take or leave it kinda addition. But I would for sure order this salad with no cheese again. We also each had a hot chocolate which was like drinking a liquid candy bar and was heaven.  My husband had the crape pasta with raspberry and chocolate gonash and ice cream which was a cute play on spaghetti and meat balls.  The presentation was awesome and he loved this dish.  All in all my diet restrictions made it hard to find a healthy option but my sweet tooth made me wander.  If you are a chocolate lover this place is a must.  They even let you choose milk,  dark or white chocolate for most of the meals. We never had desert but the Sundaes looked epic. Service was great,  and price was very good for ceasars.  Go here hungry and save room for desert.
4	First and foremost, the popsicle fondue was awesome.  Having the freedom to dip my vanilla popsicle into milk chocolate, choco pops and butterscotch chunks was fun, not to mention it was delicious.  You need to be a chocolate fan to come here.  I had the turkey club which came with fries that were dusted with chili and choco powder.  Ordered the onion rings, which came with a choco ranch dipping sauce.  Bought some truffles on my way out.  I'm knocking them down a bit for their service.  We ordered the waffle turkey club but our waiter ordered the basic club instead.  The club was good, but wanted to try the waffles.  Also, our waiter wasn't as attentive as I would  have expected.  However, our food was delicious.
5	Yum! Yum! Yummy! Yum and yummy!!  The best breakfast and Mexican Hot Chocolate I have ever had!!!! This place was soooo amazing we back tracked to have it again the next day!! The first day I had a milk chocolate Mexican Hot Chocolate and the 2nd day I had the White Chocolate Mexican Hot  Chocolate...Oh my goodness...delicious!! Seriously, so rich and yummy.  The food was just downright amazing. It is hard to describe something that tastes soo good. The wait staff were extremely gracious and the manager even came to our table just to see how we were enjoying our experience! They have a chocolate shop within the restaurant so we went by to look and they had these caramel pecan candies dusted in chocolate  powder to sample that were AMAZING!!!!! So, so, so good! I want to eat here again and again! I had the breakfast skillet and everything was cooked to perfection. It wasn't greasy, all the ingredients tasted fresh and the diamond dusted biscuit with chocolate sauce is heavenly!!! DIVINE! I mean, DIVINE! One of the most amazing meals I've had to date!
5	I went during Happy Hour, they have many items for $6 during their Happy Hour.I ordered 80s milkshake and a chocolate pizza ($6)The milkshake was AMAZING and the chocolate pizza was a very nice dessert.I guess since I am a BIG chocolate fan there is no way I don't give 5 star for this place.If you like chocolate, you MUST go try this place while you are in Vegas!
4	If you like chocolate, come to Max Brenner. The menu consists of hot chocolate, drinks with chocolate, food with chocolate, and comfort food. I recommend the salted caramel hot chocolate, the cocoa and chili dusted waffle fries, and the white corn croquettes. I thought the mac n cheese was ok. Service was great both times I came here and I would recommend it.
5	One of the best dessert places I ever tried  (to be precise they have more options but I only tried the desserts). Tried espresso hot chocolate; chocolate pizza; hazelnut crepe; fondue. All of them delicious. Ambience is great. Would love to try other different items from their menu soon.
4	It's not the most masculine place to go for Happy Hour & drinks, but it works. Their HH drinks are pretty good, especially the Satisfaction Giaranteed & the "Intoxicaked". Mojitos were good too. For HH food, found the chicken sliders VERY GOOD. Have eaten their croquets - they were fairly good. Next time I'll save room for their burger & cheesesteak sliders...Went at 9pm on a Tuesday and had the bar to ourselves.
5	The pure chocolate granita is a chocoholic's wet dream (although to be honest, this whole place pretty much is). The food's not bad, although maybe a little overpriced especially since the portions are a little small. The highlight here is really their desserts and drinks though. If you're coming here just to eat food, you're really doing yourself a disservice. On a couple of other notes, the chocolate pizza is amazing and something I could see myself snacking on in the middle of the night if I had the resources for it.. Also, although I personally can't stand bananas, my friend really really liked her banana tempura fondue dessert as well. Happy Hour is from 3-6pm, and you can get smaller portions of some of their desserts (including the chocolate pizza and banana tempura) which is perfect if you're only going by yourself or with a friend!
4	The hazelnut milk shake definitely hits the spot, but they took out my favorite grilled salmon sandwich which was the bomb!
5	What isn't there to love about chocolate? If you've got a sweet tooth like mine, nothing. White chocolate, dark chocolate, milk chocolate and chocolate with all kinds of extras....I've seldom met a chocolate I didn't like.Max Brenner is serious about chocolate, serving his delicacies in ergonomic mugs molded to be held for maximum enjoyment and coffee cups with kangaroo pouches for chocolate. He even serves his French Fries with chocolate. That is my kind of guy!Our tummies were rumbling for savory food, so we started with macaroni and cheese and a pulled pork sandwich before diving in for dessert. The portions of both were generous and both were delicious. The mac and cheese is served with bacon and tomato and has the perfect crusty, crumbly layer on top. The pulled pork had a barbeque sauce that was just the right amount of sweet and the chili chocolate fries were the icing on the cake. Knowing that we were going to order copious amounts of dessert, we cut ourselves off early and ended up saving leftovers for lunch the next day. This was easy to do as the portions were large.We had the fondue for dessert and it came with two choices of chocolate as well as caramel. We had been debating between traditional fondue and the option that included graham crackers for smores, so our server suggested adding graham crackers and voila, the best of both worlds!We literally loved the white chocolate to the point that my husband actually scooped it out of the fondue pot and ate it solo, and the caramel in the middle made for perfect pairings with the fondue accompaniments (marshmallows, strawberries, bananas, brownies, chocolate chip cookies, etc.). I have to say that if he hadn't scooped up the last morsels, I probably would have!Max Brenner's story is fun (read it on the menus), the decor is whimsical and the food is great. It's definitely worth a stop, whether or not you have a sweet tooth, and will definitely earn you "brownie points" (Ba-dum-ching) if you happen to treat a friend or loved one who has one!
4	in sin city and tired of the typical buffet but not quite sure where to eat good food? well, you're on the right yelp business page by reading this review. look no further, because this should be your next destination. ordered:*tutti frutti waffle - as our dessert. $13.95. it came with mixed berries, crumbled vanilla ice cream, milk chocolate ganache and choco-pop. Yummy! I love waffles and the tutti frutti was a perfect balance between sweet and fruity. The choco-pop was a nice addition. I would highly recommend this if you're a waffle lover. *the best B.A.L.T. which really is the avocado BLT- which was a little confusing because we thought it was going to be a burger with avocado BLT. However nevertheless it was very delicious it came with a side of waffle fries that is dusted with chili and cocoa powder. The waffle fries side is quite small so if you're sharing I would recommend ordering another side of waffle fries because they're just that good. $14.75. you think for almost 15 bucks i'll get a piece of meat. But everything was fresh and the bacon was thick.  tips: *You can make reservations on OpenTable. *indoor and outdoor seating. Inside might be a little bit loud. *located inside the forum. *They have a little chocolate type of store and they give free samples. *They have cool looking coffee machines. *Cash and credit card accepted. *Happy Hour is from 3-6pm.overall, Staff are really nice and attentive. The really encourage you to read the story behind Max Brenner.  Now when my girlfriend and I asked the waitress what would she recommend to eat... it was really hard because she recommended everything she informed us that she gained a lot of weight working there because everything tastes so good. So that totally didn't help us decide. we had a very difficult time because we wanted two get two items and half it so we'll be able to try both items. I definitely loved the food, atmosphere, and service here at Max Brenner and will definitely comeback especially for the waffles. There's more items on the menu that I wanna try.  Two thumbs up!
4	My boyfriend is an absolute chocolate lover.. and we LOVE their chocolate, especially the chocolate sauce that goes well with their biscuit and their OMG cookies which are to die for. I personally like the dark chocolate ones but you really can't go wrong. I sometimes miss Vegas just for this cookie and whenever I'm in town I make it a mission to stop by Max Brenner's for some delicious chocolate. We Love Max Brenner's!
4	This place was recommended to me by a friend. Everyone usually raves about Serendipity, but I think it's a little overhyped. I thought I'd give this place a try. Who doesn't love chocolate?!This was our first stop in Vegas. We were hungry after a long drive, and I made reservations so we wouldn't have to wait for a table. This place is located in Forum Shops mall next to Caesar's. It's close to H&M and Cheesecake Factory. This place reminds me of Willy Wonka but for chocolate. CHOCOLATE EVERYTHING! Hubs and I shared our food. We got:+ The Brenner Burger+ Illegal Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate Pancakes+ Mexican Spicy Hot Chocolate with chocolate wafer ballsThe burger was better than I expected. It was juicy and flavorful. We really liked their BBQ sauce. Is it homemade? So good!! Those pancakes were definitely illegal. So much chocolate!! I loved the caramelized bananas. Mmmm~ For the hot chocolate, we wanted to try something unique and out of our comfort zone. It was delish and not too spicy at all. The hug mug is cute. I would definitely recommend this place.
5	Awesome happy hour!  $6 cocktails from 3-6p and 9p-close.  This seems to be mon- fri for sure and weekends during the slower times of year.  The happy hour list has been cut down to fewer offerings than on my last review but still has 6 cocktails plus select beer ($4) and wine on special.  3 of the cocktails are chocolatey so there are even more options as you can choose white, milk, or dark chocolate options.  The snacks are great and enough to share if you aren't starving or have a crazy sweet tooth.  We got the 80s shake from the regular menu and 3 cocktails, the smoky corn croquettes which were good but the smoked paprika ruined my chocolate palette, the cheese pizza which was bigger than expected, and the trout banana fondue.  So 6 happy hour things and 1 of the ref menu for $43.  I only come here for happy hour because I'm cheap.  Staff was really attentive and even let us have happy hour at a table instead of the barrio since it was busy.  We usually have our teen sit at a 2 top close by and we sit at the bar and carry good back and forth.  He's happy becauSe he's eating amazingly chocolatey goodness without his mom and I'm happy because he's stuffing his face for cheap.  Growing boys and all that.  My bf and I still get time to ourselves, also with awesome sweets, and for a pretty penny.  The best part is that once you Re hopped up on sugar, you can go to the 3 story h&m across the way and get even more deals with the money you saved!  We aren't gamblers, so, for me, this IS the best part of Vegas.  I do Lobster ME and the Betty Paige store a different day.  Same results.
4	My friends and I hit Max Brenner for dinner before heading over to Absinthe last year. We were looking for a moderately priced dinner option as we were all watching our wallets to balance out the shopping and shows :) My friend raved about the restaurant, so away we went. We had a great time, and the food was fantastic. The perfect lead in to a great night. Fast forward a year later, we are back in Vegas and have put this on our list for a must stop. We had lunch there yesterday, and we honestly were not at our best. We both seem to have picked up a bad cold and were fighting the symptoms. But determined to enjoy our vacation, we were going to go shopping and have a great lunch. Not wanting to splurge on crazy cocktails or $6 beers, I asked if there was any way I could get a Hot Toddy as I thought it would be the perfect tool to help in my fight against my headache and sore throat. She said they could absolutely make one for us, and would just charge for the tea ($1.95) and the shot (we went with brandy for $3.95). My friend ordered one too and we were delighted when we were both presented with the lovely pallets that were our drinks. A wooden board with a glass of hot water, tea bag, honey and a beaker with the shot so we could customize our drink. And we each got a powder sugar topped lady finger to complete the beautiful presentation. I was truly surprised at the effort that was put in for our simple request. I ordered the cobb salad and my friend had an omelet with side salad, both were very tasty. And while I enjoyed the food, it was the service that really made the experience grand. They were just so friendly and really went out of their way to make sure we had a lovely time (even explaining how to make one of the salads that had been taken off the menu that my friend had been looking forward to ordering). Our server even gave us some great recommendations on things to do on Fremont St and when we mentioned wanting to get a small piece of chocolate to end the meal, she gave us a coupon to the gift shop and a few recommendations. It was such a lovely dining experience that had us feeling far better than when we arrived. I think we will always make it a point to have a meal here when we are in town!
5	Every time I make a stop at Max Brenner's my heart goes pitter pat. And we're not talking about chocolate! I am a big fan of their food! The last couple years I would get the Asian Chicken salad, which was a sleeper hit recently removed from the menu (DOH!) so when I went in yesterday to find it gone I had to make some new decisions - omelet and side salad. This place does not disappoint. The lime vinaigrette salad dressing on the side salad was amazing and the "no guilt" omelet was fantastic as well. This place isn't just for choco-holics! Also, our server was fantastic. She was totally looking out for us and since my friend and I had colds she worked us up some hot toddies that weren't on the menu and came in a lovely presentation that helped us forget the sore throat on our Vegas trip. Three cheers for great servers.
5	Fun and delicious!
4	Visit: Nov 27, 2013:Sat at a table for 2 on the "outside patio"... enjoyed the friendly staff, a good drink selection and great food menu with reasonable prices for "the forum".  This was my 2nd visit and will probably visit again when in Vegas - thanks Max Brenner
4	Tried Max Brenner after seeing it recommended in my Frommer's Guide to Las Vegas. The Italian Hot Chocolate is wonderfully thick & creamy, very much like a thin fondue. (Ended up ordering a second cup!) Cheeseburger was very good, waffle fries also yummy. Prices expensive, but comparable to every place else we've tried along the strip. Dessert menu is bigger than the dinner menu, so if you've got PMS, it's a great choice.
5	Max Brenners was totally worth wondering around forever to find.  I love dessert a lot and enjoyed my dessert sampler.  I got the chicken stays for protein satisfaction first then followed it with the chocolate sampler, holy smokes was. It yummy each treat was delicious on it one and then together was even better.
3	I came here for brunch with some friends before our trip back to california. Our server was quite friendly and funny as well. I ordered a white spicy mexican hot chocolate along with my "well-mannered" omelette. I substituted my homefries/potatoes for their famous waffles fries. It was a decent meal but there was nothing special to it. They said that their waffle fries are seasoned with spices and chocolate but you could have fooled me if you swapped it with Carl's junior crisscut fries (they tasted the same). The omelette was good, lots of goat cheese and spinach, but again nothing special to it. I must say that my favorite thing about my plate was the biscuit! They give you a side of butter and chocolate for spread and it was delicious! As for my hot chocolate, it was very creamy and just had the right spice to it for a mexican hot chocolate, you can taste spice from the nutmeg mixed with cinnamon. It came in a cute little "hug" mug but for $6 do I think it's worth NO, I would have preferred for it to come in a regular cup and paid less. My whole meal cost $25, I could have spent a few extra bucks and have gone to a buffet! I'm not saying don't go here because my experience here was actually quite pleasant. In fact, the server was so nice she didn't charge the automatic gratuity for our large group but of course we tipped her well! Just know that you're not paying for quality food, you're paying for the name "Max Brenner"!
4	A unique and fun experience, especially if you stop by for their happy hour after 9 p.m. where you can try out a fair number of items for a special price.  I had the Chocolate Martini - which was amazing - and my fiancee had the White Russian, which he really enjoyed (so much we both had another round of our chosen drinks).  We tried the dessert pizza, the banana dippers with two different sauces and the white corn croquettes.  All of these choices were great options, and I recommend trying each one - and the happy hour prices made it easy to try a little of everything without breaking the bank!Overall: AWill definitely go back again when in town.
3	I'm not entirely sure why this place is as good as people say it is. My dark chocolate mocha in my hug cup was good, but a bit too sweet for me.They were able to accommodate a group of 8 easily for Sunday brunch, and the food was standard. I got the "Cande's Killer Breakfast Skillet", which was good. Again, nothing special, just standard.I think it was too early for us to indulge in the sweets menu, so I can't comment on that. I'd probably stop by if a friend of mine wanted to try, but other than that, it won't be a must-stop-place for me.
4	Food = good. Desserts = awesome!     Walked by this place in the Caesars palace mall.  Tried it and liked it a lot.  Wish I would have had the hot coco.  Maybe next time.
4	My husband wasn't thrilled with his crepe, but I had the chocolately Pancakes. Which were delicious, a little sweet, but very good!! My sis had the Mexican omelette, But needed more spice on the salsa. Otherwise, good! I definitely recommend the desserts and chocolate drinks!
5	I think this is what heaven smells like. This place is amazing. Kali is an awesome waitress! Their special BBQ sauce=impeccable. The waffle fries were spectacular. I'm STUFFED. My friend and I are going to gamble to walk it off and come back for dessert later today. Highly recommend!!
4	Mmmmmmmmm... satisfied MY sweet tooth.Okay I have a confession to make, I am a chocoholic. In all seriousness, if you left a pitcher of straight up chocolate fudge out, I would drink it all. (It is sad how little self control I have.)So my mom and I ordered the melting heart cake and shake after much debating. Since they made the mistake of letting me have my own pitcher of amazing fudge sauce to pour on the brownie, I ended up eating half of that delicious sauce with my spoon. I wisely decided to put the other half on the cake. Smart idea, considering the fact that the cake itself didn't actually have that much chocolate flavor and was a little dry.Now the chocolate shake, that little bugger was good. Served in a little cup and topped with a pile of whipped cream taller than the cup itself...pure heaven.Overall, presentation of food was cute, but I would recommend the drinks over the food.
5	Everyone MUST check Max Brenner out when you're in Vegas!!! I'd imagine this is what food in heaven tastes like :) They're not just about the deliciousness of their food,  but also about the presentation! Everything is fairly decently priced and absolutely delicious! This is a great place for dessert and brunch. I definitely recommend trying their waffles (any flavor is a wonderful choice) and their milkshakes! Great service + great food= 5 freakin stars!
4	The only reason they get 4 stars is because of the horrible hostess' attitude. I called and asked a question about their location and she snapped at me and gave me a smart response. When we arrived, I could tell it was the same girl that took the call because the snarkiness continued. I mean, SERIOUSLY?! You work in a service industry, act right! Our waitress made up for the hostess with her wonderfu personality and charm. She even gave us the "hug mug" schpeel with the "warm your heart" bit at the end. I mean this was my first time and I really wanted to feel like it. My BF did not allow my to write on the receipt to keep the whole tip and not tip out the hostess who clearly didn't deserve a single bit of my money. The food was spectacular and everything came with a side of chocolate =-). The hot white apple chocolate was to die for. I've thought about it every day since then. I can't wait to go back. I had French Toast and it was amazing. I really want to make this one of my regular spots while in Vegas!
5	The savory food are as good as the chocolate desserts. The mushroom ricotta is good for sharing. I find the alice cold chocolate drink sweeter than the hot chocolate, especially the salted caramel flavor. I tried this restaurants in three locations, las vegas and new york and boston. This one has the less decor, not the laboratory style of New York, but definitely give it a try. The crepes are the lightest dessert if you find all the chocolare overwhelming.
5	We stayed at Nobu in Caesar's Palace and we were in the mood for hot chocolate.  A quick Yelp search and thanks to all the positive reviews we gave this place a try. So glad that we did!  We had the Mexican spiced hot chocolate... both the milk chocolate and dark chocolate.  FANTASTIC!   About 1/2 way through we decided to give the OMG chocolate chip cookie a try.My wife didn't know the name when I ordered it ... the first bite... she said OH MY GOD this is a great cookie LOL!  With the berries, cream, and chocolate sauce... it's pretty amazing. We loved it so much... we went back to the restaurant a second time.  I had the steak sandwich and she had the goat cheese waffle salad.  Both we great! So... if you are looking for a chocolate fix, this is a great place to visit.  If you want a nice, affordable meal, give it a shot. We give it 5 stars... great experience both times.
5	Came here for a second time because I just couldn't leave Vegas without visiting MB again! Tried the White Chocolate Chai, fondue for 2, and had some sips of the White Russian and Chocolate Martini ... needless to say, MMMmm....I especially loved the quirky contraption for the Chai, where you would put the pot on top of the glass and press down to drip the chai into the glass. It was delicious, more on the sweet side though, but probably one of the best Chai's I've ever had. the White Russian and Chocolate Martini were both tasty but not that memorable for me.There's two types of fondue, one where there's more items to dip and one where there's more than one tub of chocolate. I personally like the fondue with more items to dip and just ordered an extra tub of chocolate for $4.50 Wish there was more marshmallows to dip because those are my favorite!! Expect an assortment of chocolates, wafers, fruits, and this waffle ice cream thing. So so sweet, in a good way :)This place isn't cheap, as you would expect from the fact that it's on the strip, in Caesar. But it's worth it, come with friends, it's so tasty!
4	All I had here was the AMAZING thick Italian hot chocolate in the dark chocolate variety, and it was splendid. Very chocolatey, very rich....I would get it again and would suggest you get it too!
1	Had the chocolate cake and the banana waffle.  The waffles were bland, the bananas were not caramelized and I could have made better at home.  I only finished it because it was $15.  The cake was also dry and the best part, the ice cream was such a small amount it was almost not worth putting on the plate.  Save $40 and just go to the gelato stand outside.
3	For a place with such solid star ratings on Yelp, I think I was expecting perhaps too much. That or we ordered the wrong things and service was off that day? Located at the forum shops, we were surprised to see lots of empty tables. We wanted to start off with an appetizer so we ordered the white corn croquettes and they were delicious!! White corn anything is such a treat with all that sweetness. There was quite a thick layer of bread crumbs which I disliked but a minor complaint. There were a few tables around us enjoying ice cream sundaes so I was immediately drawn to that. Sadly, there were only two sundae options and both consisted of peanut butter ice cream. I am not the biggest fan of peanut butter, but we still decided to order the Euphoria Peanut Butter Chocolate Fudge Sundae. The crunchy hazelnut bits were my favorite part. Be warned that half of our sundae was SO MUCH peanut butter flavor/stuff and the other half was not so much. Unfortunate for me, guess which side I was eating until I finally decided to say something, to which my boyfriend said "wait, try this side!" :(:( Service was horrible. We literally sat there for what seemed like forever, while our waitress went to get our waters. After 10-15 minutes, I waved down another waiter who reluctantly took our order. By the time our food arrived, our waters had not. Grabbing the bill was another big fiasco. This was a simple dessert pit-stop for us, but definitely took longer than necessary.
5	If your a chocolate lover, must go. If your not, go for the experience. Their chocolate is very rich, smooth, and wonderful. We got their lazy breakfast (eggs, mushrooms, potatoes, chocolate powdered biscuits), waffles, skillet, panini, chocolate glintz, and everything was delicious and rich. I would highly recommend the chocolate hazelnut smoothie, we all thing that's the best smoothie they have, it's very rich and satisfying.
3	Max Brenner's chocolate desserts are slightly overglorified and definitely overpriced. I didn't do a very good job ordering and got the urban smores. If you come here and are somewhat interested in the fondue, get the sharing fondue because that option comes with the little flame to make your smores and you get all the same elements (chocolate, marshmallows, banana, etc) plus a bunch more desserts to sample and dip into their chocolate! Ugh, don't you guys hate when you don't order correctly at a restaurant?! When in doubt, always yelp. ALWAYS. But there was no service (freaking Sprint) so I was outta luck.Not that the smores weren't good, but they weren't spectacular. So run of the mill I don't even know why it's on the menu. This is a restaurant with a mission statement dedicated to chocolate, a key player in the dessert world, so I expect every dessert to be superb. Anyway, their shakes are super decadent and tasty but also really heavy. I didn't want to move after a couple sips of my friend's hazelnut shake. Definitely a place to share dessert or you'll be slipping into a chocolate daze for days :D (no pun intended) Determined to go back and splurge on dessert with the sharing fondue next time.
5	Best mac n' cheese I've ever had.  I enjoy it with extra marinara sauce and no chicken. Salted Caramel Milkshake beats out their pure chocolate granita (their version of their frozen hot chocolate).  Both are pretty great!Turkey waffle sandwich was meh.If you are a chocolate-phine...come here!
5	On a recommendation from a friend we came here.  Can I say chocolate heaven?  We had the Italian hot chocolate with those chocolate pops .....very rich and flavor of chocolate so milky and smooth. By far the best hot chocolate I have ever tasted....I savored each sip.  The skillet was delicious and the toasted baguette with the chocolate sauce served as a mini dessert for me.  The sauce is soooooo good.  The waffle turkey sandwich was pretty tasty, but hands down waffle sandwiches from Bruxies in OC, Ca. are much better.  We even bought hot chocolate mixes for gifts and can't wait to come back next time with our kids.  Next time I must try their chocolate martini
3	I like their dark hot chocolate! But just the dark hot chocolate. The rest of items that we tried were just ok. The rest were chicken wings (I forgot the name but it wasn't the one with nuts on it), a shake and the popsicle fondue. I think the chicken wings got honey on top of it so it's sweet......which was not good. I have sweet tooth but I want my savory food not sweet. So it was a bummer. I think the shake is called the 80's shake. It has dark chocolate (menu said milk choco but I asked them to change it to dark), vanilla ice cream and chocolate shell. I though everything is blended in the shake but when it came, it's actually a dark chocolate shake or granita, with a scoop of ice-cream on top, and the chocolate shell is on the ice-cream. So the execution was a bit not what we expected, and not appealing to us. Lastly, the popsicle fondue was way way way too sweet. The popsicle is made of vanilla ice-cream, which is sweet already. Then chocolate for dipping is milk chocolate which was way way way too sweet and passed the point of being yummy....I meant the dip wasn't yummy at all. And there was ground pistachio nuts and wafer balls for dipping to make it even more sweet. Don't get me wrong, I like sweet but only to its optimum level. I think it's a disaster when they make things above the optimum point. My husband got freaked out by the sweet chicken wings and doesn't want to try other savory items there again. I think we will go back only for the dark hot chocolate. Why? It's not too sweet, but has the real chocolate flavor, and not too bitter or sour. Some dark chocolate is very bitter and sour, but not the case for their hot dark chocolate. I like chocolate not because of its sweetness, but its distinctive aroma. When you make chocolate too sweet, that aroma will be masked and all you are tasting is just sugar, not chocolate.
5	Max Brenner, please come to LA!  The desserts are not cheap but they are to die for!  This last time my boyfriend and I each got a sundae.  He got the peanut butter one and I got the smores.  The peanut butter wins by far.  I would not get the smores sundae again.  But for the most part you can't go wrong with anything on the menu!
5	I love milkshakes from Max Brenner! There I said it! Hands down the milkshakes I've ever tasted and experienced. Get the chocolate hazelnut milkshake, my absolute favorite. It's like sipping nutella ice cream. Whenever I am in Vegas, I have to stop by here and just have a milkshake and eat their waffle fries!!
4	Chocolate is the Chuck Norris of sweets. It is possibly the tastiest substance ever created by mankind. Sure, chocolate can cure hunger, but it can also be paired with any food, stop wars, and, in many cultures, is part of mating rituals. Chocolate is like sweet edible sex.If you're still reading, you can stop now cause ... ya, I know ... "I had you at chocolate."No sane person could turn down chocolate if offered. When my wife proposed going to Max Brenner at the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace for dessert, she knew from my drool that I was no fool.We were greeted at our table by a hyper server. Dude was clearly choco-rushin' and bouncin' off the walls. I loved his energy, but never did quite figure out what he was recommending. Does it matter? Chocolate is a synonym for "yum."The Chocolate Fondue and Choctails were tempting (of course); however, we opted for Max's Fried Dough ($14.25). This sweet icon is one huge thin crispy plate of Fried Dough drizzled with Chocolate Chunks, Toffee, Chocolate Ice Cream, and Milk Chocolate Ganache. The animated server said there was no way the two of us could finish it ... I laughed and dove in with both hands. He knows this is chocolate, right? It's a messy and filling dessert designed for a whole family to share...or not share. (4 stars)We also split a Chocolate Hazelnut Milkshake ($7.95) with Vanilla Ice Cream, Milk Chocolate Ganache, Chocolate Hazelnut Spread, Milk, and Whipped Cream. The shake was smooth, sweet, & superior. If Vincent in Pulp Fiction was surprised by a $5 milkshake imagine how he'd react to an $8 shake. Who needs vodka? It's got CHOCOLATE. I don't know if it's worth $8, but it's pretty f-in good! (4 stars)Max Brenner, I don't know who you are, but I do love chocolate. So, yep, I'm a sucker ... and a fan ... cause there are only two kinds of people in this world, those who love chocolate ... and those who love chocolate, but won't admit it.
5	Is it wrong to say we craved max brenner's every morning? not just sweets, the fish tacos were on point. mac and cheese was superb, and eating lunch became an occasion rather than a rush to throw food in our mouths. this is a gentle way for vegas to nudge you awake after a long night out.
5	I've been here twice every time I visited Vegas. Holy crap this place is bomb.  Everything from the sleek chocolat factory design to the food. The food is just amazeballs. I ordered an omelet with chorizo that can with fluffy biscuit. It also came with a warm chocolate sauce to dip your biscuit in. BTW the omelet was huge....I mean huge. Great service + Good food = made dining in Vegas great.
5	My Review is pretty simple...you love chocolate? You NEED to go here! Great staff and atmosphere, to boot! Truly a Chocolate Lover's Delight!
4	My gf n I ordered the marshmello pizza n it was good for couple of bits but after awhile it became too sweet n we couldn't finish it. Im sure a lot of ppl love this type of dessert but I don't really like dessert that's too sweet. we didn't try their other food like sandwich or burger or drinks but we did see some bomb looking food while we were there so next time i'll try them out.
4	Quick stop, you have to stop when you see so much chocolate! Got a few boxes of chocolates and a hot chocolate mug with a permanent straw. They actually have a chocolate bar where you can sit down and indulge, but we didn't have time. CThe service is very friendly and I actually enjoyed spending money here!
4	The chocolate martini was amazing!!! A little pricey but happy hour is from 3-6 which features nearly half priced drinks. The Mac and cheese was amazing but $15! You have to sit at the bar to get happy hour, which made the service so so. You have to save room for dessert!!
3	I fell in love with their Hug Mugs so much that I got a whole set for my relatives for Christmas! I forgot to get some for myself! Aside from that, the atmosphere was good and it's located in Caesar's Palace where all of the shopping is. So if you're looking for a place to grab food while you're shopping, I'd say stop by this place, especially if you like chocolate. Price-wise, it's fairly-priced here compared to other restaurants on The Strip. I went with a group of 8 friends, and we each got different food items. Based on my meal and from what I observed from my friends, the food is good, but nothing too spectacular. I think the chocolate-items are the highlights and obvious stars of this restaurant.
1	This is quite possibly the worst place of the strip. The service is horrible and the food is bad and chocolate drinks are disappointing. Over the past few years I have here a few times. To be honest the first time it was great! It was so good we complimented the manager on the wonderful service and food! The next time we were in Vegas it was a must stop on our list. This next visit was not great, the food was bad and the service sucked, but the chocolate drinks were still amazing...and everyone has a bad night. The next few visit we did not eat and the service was still horrible but stopped in for a chocolate drink anyway. Well last night was officially our last night and I hope to encourage others to not waste their time and money on this place anymore. The service was not only bad but both the server and manager were extremely rude. There are so many amazing restaurants in Vegas that no one should waste their money or time on this place.
4	I only had the chocolate and it was amazing! Fondue and hot chocolate oh man it was great! The reason it gets 4 stars is because our server was possibly the worst ever! So rude! Never checked on us once. He was horrendous. I only left a 5% tip and that was super generous!!  If I were rating based on service it would be 1/5. If I were rating based on chocolate it would be a 5/5. I will be back!
5	Two words: Chocolate Martini.  This alone is worth 5 stars and was the best chocolatey alcoholic beverage I've ever had,  maybe the best drink I've ever had period-but you have to love chocolate and sweet (helllooo, don't go here  if that ain't you). Service was great, despite other yelp reviews, maybe because it wasn't that crowded. Come for happy hour  (3pm-6pm) for 6 dollar drinks and appetizers. Corn croquettes were excellent, sliders were very good and mini sloppy Max (pulled pork) were good. Not as memorable were the intoxi-cake martini, the banana fondue (fondue sauces were great but hot mushy bananas, not so much), and cocoa and chili dusted fries (they were pretty average but could not taste the cocoa). They even have a mini gift shop if u can't get enough of their chocolate....but be careful, if you're driving back to So.Cal., it may disappear before you arrive.
3	Service was slow the day my friend and I went. Server didn't even apologize for being late, but I'm not really going to complain too much because the food was excellent! Be sure to try a hot chocolate in a hug cup. I had a white hot chocolate with marshmallows and my friend had the spicy Mexican hot chocolate. Since it's Max Brenner, chocolate is of course on EVERYTHING. My friend got the breakfast skillet and it was so HUGE we didn't even eat dinner. Same with my Guilt-Free omelette with egg whites. Cute place for a girls-lunch, since it's in Caesar's and you can go shopping afterwards.
4	"A new chocolate culture""Worldwide chocolate craze"Max knows how to lure his customers in ;) Thought this place was another tourist hype, but it's so good! Service: walked in early morning, as they were opening. Waitresses were super friendly and conversational, helped us order since it was our first time. Food: Waffles!!! We ordered the strawberry waffles with white chocolate and it was SO good. Perfect waffles with little white chocolate sprinkles. Skillet: Probably the best skillet I've ever had, not just because I was hungry too.. Had all my favorite veggies :) Onion rings: a LITTLE bit on the not-crunchy side, but was still fantastic with the chocolate ranch sauce :) Fruit smoothie: a $7 dollar smoothie? What's in it..?! Maybe not worth $7, but really good anyway. *Tip: it's a bit hard to find if it's your first time. It's on the complete back of the forum shops (the mall with all your bourgeoisie stores ;)) across H&M!
5	I'm a bartender and my drink was made well. I got the intoxi-cake with white chocolate and it was wonderful. We also ordered the s'mores crepe and it had good flavor. It's really sweet so too much can make you sick. I'd advise everyone to share with at least 4 people.
5	Max Brenner's is a chocolate lover's paradise. I wanted to order everything on the damn menu when I went.My recommendation is to go for happy hour, everything on the happy hour menu is only $6! this is the perfect time to try a few things on the menu without having to pay too much.Get the chocolate drinks--they're unreal. The Satisfaction Guaranteed was probably the best alcoholic beverage I've ever had in my life, it tasted like chocolate-peanut butter milk. The chocolate martini was also great, but my friend and I both agreed that the Satisfaction Guaranteed was better. The OMG chocolate chip cookie was meh, don't waste $10 on it. Also, the peach mixed drink on the HH menu was fantastic, if you're not in the mood for chocolate with your alcohol, or just want something fruity, get this!
4	Came here on my birthday for some dessert. I had no idea about this place until my sister drug me here. It is a very small and unique looking restaurant but very good options to choose from.   This restaurant caters mostly to chocolate lovers which is right up my alley. I ordered the strawberry crepe and my sister and friend ordered the hazelnut crepe. Both desserts were absolutely delicious.
2	Honestly, I do not understand the hype with this place. The food was overpriced for small portions and nothing special.I had the Alfredo penne pasta, some fondue for two, as well as a couple of slices of my friend's oven roasted tomato pizza. The pizza was VERY thin crusted and had a thin layer of tomato sauce as well as some pieces of cheese and tomatoes spread evenly across the top. It was honestly like a few sheets of paper stacked on top of each other for ~$14.As for the pasta, it was again, nothing special. There wasn't really anything wrong with it other than the fact that it was ~$16 for like 4 bites. The taste was okay and was probably the best thing I ate there.Finally, the fondue for two was ~$25 for a plate of some strawberries, blueberries, bananas, a few brownies and cookies, marshmallows, and a scoop of ice cream. It was hardly worth the price.My experience here was really disappointing and did not meet my expectations. The food didn't taste bad but it was definitely not worth it. I will say that our waiter was very friendly, patient, and talked with our group a lot. If it weren't for him, I'd probably rate this place 2/5. I don't expect to be coming back any time soon.
3	I've been wanting to try this place for the longest time and I decided to go for my birthday! To be honest, I feel like I could've went someplace better. I'm gonna start this review with the BEST thing about this restaurant which is our waiter for the night. I didn't get his name, but he was so friendly towards our party and even gave me a birthday treat as a surprise! He was funny, nice, and didn't have a problem with us teenagers being loud. He was the best. Okay, now the food. I shared an oven roasted tomato pizza with my friend for $14 and it wasn't appetizing. The bread was super thin and it looked like it was drenched in tomato sauce and a couple of slices of cheese here and there. It didn't taste like a pizza, more like crackers with tomatoes. I could make it with a freaking easy bake oven. I also got the fondue for two, I think it was the one with the most items in it. The dessert platter came with a bunch of fruits, marshmallows, banana tempura, cookies, brownies, a chocolate shot, and the fondue. It was all really good in my opinion! Fun to play with and it all tasted yummy as well! My only problem was that it was $25 and I just think that it can be a bit cheaper. I guess I should've known the food here would be expensive considering the fact that it's on the strip.
5	If you are in town, you have to try their desserts.  The lunch and dinner menu is fine, but at least stop by and have fondue or a cup of their hot chocolate.  Not too many locations in the U.S. so don't miss your opportunity when you see one!
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants in town because even after 5+ visits,  I'm always craving another meal! The food is amazing. I know it's a sweet spot (pun intended), however, I've only had dessert once (we're always much too full from our meals). That doesn't mean you don't consume chocolate though - he is the "Chocolate Man" after all. Seating is available in their "outdoor" area, inside (surrounded by the bar and shop), or upstairs. All the seating is enjoyable with the upstairs dining area to be the most desirable (spacious and a bit more private).My favorite items from "Things to Dip" are The Smoky Dry Rubbed Chicken Wings ($12.25) with creamy bleu cheese sauce, Waffle Fries dusted with Chili and Cocoa Powder ($6.95), and Black & Tan Beer-Battered Vidalia Onion Rings ($6.95) with dark chocolate ranch. Really, really, really delicious! The onion rings didn't produce the same fireworks as the other two dishes, however, that dark chocolate ranch is seriously amazing. Can I get that with everything?"For Your Hands" choices, The Brenner Burger ($14.25) with Max's secret BBQ sauce, lettuce, tomato, cheddar, and vidalia onion ring and The Best B.A.L.T. ($14.75) with crispy bacon, avocado, lettuce, tomato, and cilantro-avocado mayo, are both amazing. Same goes for their "Perfect Paninis" - the Grilled Chicken ($14.75) is made with goat cheese, spinach, tomato, and black olive pesto and the "Margherita" ($14.50) has oven-roasted tomatoes, basil, fresh mozzarella, and a tomato-basil aioli. They all come with the addictive chili and cocoa powder dusted waffle fries. Drool."Max's Flatbread Pizzas" are also really good and great to share. The "Meaty, Cheesy, Crusty, etc" Pizza (no longer on the menu) had Italian sausage, pepperoni, peppers, and crispy basil. I've also had the Ricotta & Mushroom Pizza ($13.25) with black olives and sun-dried tomato pesto.The Really-Cheesy Really-Crunchy Mac & Cheese ($15.75) made with a special 5-cheese blend, tomatoes, and smoked applewood bacon on the "With a Knife and Fork" menu is crazy good. I'm not even "Mac & Cheese" person and I would never have ordered this dish (thank goodness for Ruben), but wow. I couldn't stop eating it. The Sunday Mood Pasta ($15.75) with fresh tomatoes, spinach, ricotta, and tomato-pesto sauce is also, as you can guess, delicious.I've only been here for "Max's Brunch Therapy" once and I had the Hang-Over Omelet ($13.25) that came with a scrumptious diamond-dusted sugar buttermilk biscuit, spiced home fries (YUUUM), and pure melted chocolate (YEAH). You would only raise an eyebrow when you read chocolate with an omelet until you've actually had it. See, you don't need to order dessert.But, of course the desserts are amazing. I had their popular "The Fantastic Popsicle Fondue" that comes with vanilla ice cream popsicles that you dip into pure melted chocolate, Choco-pops (love these things!) and candied hazelnut crunchy bits ($8.50 for one, $14.50 for two). Interactive, fun, and tasty.I could go on and on about the food (I already did), but if you need guidance to just one item, it would be the waffle fries. I know it sounds silly, but they're so yummy! The chili and cocoa powders plus the mysterious "fry dipping sauce" really makes it pop. Also, check out the shop for more chocolate goodies, really cool beverage containers, and a free sample!
3	Ok food is no question 5 stars- everything we ate was absolutely delicious! I would give 3.5 if possible for overall. My bf and I shared the chocolate fondue for two which is a great way to try many of the specialties on the menu. We also shared a hazelnut milkshake which was probably the best milkshake I ever had- perfect consistency and so chocolately! Our friend had a tiramisu which he really enjoyed as well. Problem was the service was just terrible. First there was a girl who was training but really was receiving no guidance and didn't know what she was doing. Then our waitress,  who seemed nice at first, left us for so long when we were waiting to order. We had to ask another waiter to get her and even finding someone else took a while. Our food took a while to come too which would have been fine if a) it come out all at once and b) it came out correctly! Noting that this was 11pm and so maybe service is better in the day but still! She brought out half of our fondue, and then served someone else before bringing the rest! Then we realized she had brought milk not dark chocolate so had to wait again for her to correct it. Other than the service again the food was unreal and I will be having sweet chocolate dreams because of it!
4	Chocolate heaven! If i were to die then I want to come here afterwards! I got the french toast... mind you im more of a pancakes or waffles guy... but it just sounded too good to pass up. The chocolate sauce they gave you to top it was delicious and it was cooked to perfection so that it was crispy on the surface but squishy in the middle. Highly recommended!
5	This place is always good, it was good today like usual. I did get really annoyed with the waitress . She told us the place was closing and she needs a job. she asked my Boyfriend for his name and phone number to call to ask about his job to get in. This wouldn't of annoyed me but she didn't ask me she only asked him about work. I work too. Another thing too I payed the bill she still handed the bill to him said her name was in there and for us to do a review. I won't mention her name just in case. She was nice I just think she was innapropriate. No matter whats  going on I didn't think it's right asking a man for his number when he is on a date right in front of the girl. Especially when you are working. Best chocolate shakes in town.
5	Great place for dessert! We had the banana split waffle an melting chocolate truffle heart cake! So yummy!We went back there a second time!Loved every bite!
1	We were really disappointed in our experience here.  We ate there at 11pm on Valentines Day night.  My boyfriend mmade the reservation a month in advance and even called to push out the time the same night because his flight in was delayed.  When we got there they said they did not have a reservation for us.  When they sat us we asked to be moved to a bigger empty table and were told it was "reserved". At least someone's reservation was recorded. So we sat at a tiny table and proceeded to be waited on  by the most disinterested and rude waitress.  Don't remember her name but she had a 16 tattoo.  She was not in the mood for any questions on the dessert and could not be bothered to give us some direction on the fondue.  She should have explained all the items included along with the best way to enjoy the dessert.  It's Valentines Day!  This is supposed to be an experience. We ordered two desserts including the fondue and it barely fit on the tiny table and we were constantly worried we would catch on fire from the flame on the fondue tray.  Oh and that bigger table we had requested that was "reserved" sat empty the whole time.  Not the place to go for a special evening or really ever.  We'll stick with Raku Sweets.
1	Food is okay.  Service is terrible.  Server made us feel uncomfortable and girl handing out "free samples" was incredibly rude.  Found out they are closing in a few months, which explains complete ambivalence of the staff there.  Stay away.
2	If I'm only reviewing the food I would give it about 4 stars but the service was horrid. I ordered the veggie conscious burger and it was delicious, lots of avocado. It came with waffle fries with chili and cocoa powder on them and a side of aioli, delish. Their BLT and spicy chicken pizza is also incredible and worth trying. But back to the reason I'm giving the place 2 stars, the service. My server went way beyond trying to just be friendly and made myself, and my family, completely uncomfortable. He told us that no one likes him and even shared that the restaurant is closing soon (who tells their customers that?!). I think after awhile he realized that he was making us tense and left us alone. After our meal, we decided to check out the small chocolate shop section within the restaurant. The girl giving out free samples of chocolate was incredibly rude. SHE asked ME if I'd like a sample and as I was about to try it she yelled out to me "You're welcome!" Implying that I was rude for not saying thank you. It actually shocked me a bit so I apologized and said thank you. Two seconds after, she did the same thing to someone else. I quickly walked out of there without expecting to ever go back. It's upsetting when you find a restaurant where you actually enjoy the food but their service makes you hesitant to go back. Oh well, they're closing anyways.
5	Very very good desert place... Didn't have dinner but it looked good. Next time we come to LV we will try dinner than have desert right after ;-) must try place!!
5	From 1 being horrible and 5 being awesome:Food - 5Service - 5Price - 4The food is awesome here and the desserts are even better.  For breakfast/lunch get the sunrise burrito.  It is outstanding!  For appetizers the hummus and chicken sates are good.  For dinner, the macaroni (add chicken to it) is awesome!
4	Delicious dessert last night! We sat at the bar, which was perfect, and drank choc-tails and ate the famous heart-shaped chocolate molten cake trio. Doesn't get much better than chocolate overload!
4	Came to this place for lunch and were pleasantly surprised. We came with full expectation to try as many things as humanly possible. I had the Brenner burger (it was average) and my husband had the Cubano waffle sandwich (he reported it was tasty). The fries were uber tasty. We then got the classic European fondue for two and an Italian hot chocolate. I just loved the hot chocolate - it was so rich and creamy. I'm drooling right now. My husband liked the fondue more so. It came with two choices of chocolate (we did dark and milk) and caramel sauce. Dipping items included a chocolate chip cookie, brownies, bananas, strawberries and marshmallows (along with a little burner to toast them on!). The milk chocolate was way too sweet for me, but I think it helped me self diagnose a possible cavity (ouch!). The dark chocolate was really tasty and overall our favorite fondue sauce. Service was pretty good - there was a moment or two we wondered where our server was but overall he kept up with refills and bringing things out quickly. This is one of those places to come in LV if you are looking for a unique yet casual dining experience. We will make this one of our go-to spots to stop in for a quick bite!
1	I'm sure at one point in time Max Brenner was on point for food and service, but with the recent news that this location is closing on April 13th, I feel like this may have deflated some of the employees, and it is reflected in their service. We were seated as soon as we got to the restaurant, and our server was very warm.  My girlfriends and I started with two white chocolate chai, one being with soy milk.  When our server brought the drinks out, I asked which one was with soy milk, and received a "I think it's this one?" in return.  Strike one.We hone in on what we want to order.  I ordered a Lazy Breakfast with sausage, cheddar cheese, and onions, and the girls ordered their plates.  We waited for about 20 minutes, and our server returns with plates in hand.  I take a peek at the meal, and notice it's bacon with no onions.  My girlfriend's order was also incorrect.  Strike two.  We informed our server, and he immediately took the plates back, and had the manager come by to let us know that it wasn't our server's fault, however the fault of one of the chef's in the back.  He apologized and let us know that we would be receiving our meals in a few moments.We waited for another 15 minutes for the food to arrive.  At this point, our third friend was nearing the end of her meal, and we were just beginning.  Whatever, no big deal.  We're making the best of it at this point.  We stop our server and ask for ketchup and extra napkins.  He gives us a thumbs up and replied that he would be back in a few moments.  We waited for about 10 minutes before we flagged another server down.  Strike three.  **You're Out!**The food was mediocre at best.  It was a simple egg scramble with sausage, cheese, and onions with a side of country potatoes.  The only part of the meal that was unique was the sugar biscuit with the side of chocolate fondue.  It was pretty decadent for breakfast, but still delicious.As we were nearing the end of our meal, we ordered two mochas to-go (one with soy milk, once again), and asked for the check.  After another 10 minutes of chatting and waiting, our drinks come out with the bill.  I ask our server which of the two drinks was the one with soy, and once again I'm faced with a blank stare.  Strike one.  I give him my card to pay for our meals, and he returns after a few moments with the receipt.  I take a look and notice that he's overcharged us on our bill.  Strike two (but I suppose I should have looked at this prior to giving him my card.  I'll call this strike one and a half.)  We point out the mistake, and he promises to alleviate the situation.  He takes the receipt and leaves our table for another 20 minutes to speak with the manager to fix the amount.  Strike three for the amount of time we've been sitting at the restaurant with the intention of a quick breakfast prior to leaving Vegas.  **You're Out!**Our server arrives back and theatrically rips up the receipt stating that it wouldn't be charged on my card, and that the transaction was voided completely.  He notifies me that he would return with the proper receipt with the updated amount.  While he's away, I check my Chase app to find that my card had indeed been charged and placed on a hold.  Strike one.  I understand there are certain policies in place, but it would've been much more appreciated if he had correctly informed me realistically of what was going to happen: you're going to be charged, we'll refund that amount after a few days, and you'll be charged again for the proper amount.  After his return to the table, I showed him that it had been taken out of my account.  I'm once again faced with the blank stare that I've grown accustomed to during this visit.  Since for some reason I wasn't able to obtain a receipt of the voided transaction, I asked for something in writing stating that the amount would be refunded.  He leaves for another 15 minutes to acquiesce my request.  Strike two because we've been sitting here frustrated for close to two hours.I end up paying once again and speak with the manager who has already come by our table for the food mixup.  I ask if there's any way I would be able to retrieve a copy of the original receipt, and he declines.  I ask about the timeframe on the refund, and he states that it should be applied by the evening.  He became defensive stating that this "happens all the time" and it's "totally normal".  He then goes ahead to blame my bank for the pending charge and takes no responsibility.  Strike three, **You're Out!**.This appears to be a shut out, ladies and gentlemen.  Max Brenner, you are bad and you should feel bad.
4	Amazing chocolate heaven. All the pictures speak for themselves.The hot chocolate was really thick. The strawberry and chocolate waffles were amazingly good. I wish I could have tried more.This place would be a hit in my hometown of MIAMI; vegas options are so many that it can get overlooked.
4	I don't know about coming here for anything other than dessert or a sweet breakfast. I've tried their desserts and I've tried their savory foods... I choose desserts and will only choose desserts from here on out. I had their waffle sandwich and it was gross! I was so annoyed cause the waitress was raving about how popular and delicious it was... I was so ready to write that bad review on yelp until I had their dessert. Oh my goodness was their dessert amazing and just heavenly! We got the molten cake trio and it was amazing!
2	Very nice waitress but it was so understaffed and we had to wait an hour for a salad. Pretty ridiculous and annoying
3	Very enjoyable. The environment is great. The food was okay, but wow was the dessert worth it! Update: On my second visit to Max's, something unpleasant occurred. My friends and I made a reservation for an event but when we arrived, the hostess told us our table was taken because someone persuaded the manager. We tried to argue with the manager but she kept saying "We can't hold tables." Which makes NO sense. That second visit was a mood killer, probably won't be coming back for a long time.
5	Food was great. I had the mac and cheese and some appetizers. I have been here twice, which should say something because I HATE driving to the strip being a local. Very cool environment with many food options, A fun selection of drinks for kids and adults, and desserts to die for!  My server was Dominique (blonde haired young girl). It's sometimes a challenge to find servers who are not only knowledgeable of the menu but also very attentive, helpful,  and nice. Thanks again!
4	A salty appetizer and deliciously decadent dessert in cute seats under pipes that seem like chocolate could be flowing through them.  My husband and I had lots of fun making up for all of our Vegas walking with this indulgence!We started with lovely salty-to-upcoming-sweets waffle fries dusted with chili and cocoa powder - a little crispy and yum!  I got the O.M.G Chocolate Chunk Cookies, which were dry and just OK (if you really must order these, get a side of ice cream), but my husband got the Euphoria Peanut Butter Chocolate Fudge Sundae, which was incredible!  It was definitely enough to share and came in this endless Serendipity-like bowl/glass where every spoonfull was a little different and absoloutely heavenly.  Both came with a shot of chocolate on the side...mmmmmm..
4	Chocolate wasteedddd! Lol. fun fun fun place for a couple or family. Enjoy wonderful dessert cocktails or fondue with your love ones. delicious shakes too. Friendly staff but needs refinement in service and product knowledge. Even the manager had no clue what I was eating but after you dip into that chocolate and take that first bite...can't feel nothing but happy. max brenner you bald genius ! Can't wait to go back.
1	I have to say that this was the absolute worst service I have ever received. As someone who used to work in the restaurant industry, I am very lenient to servers who may take a long time to get back to the table or who may seem a little stressed. However, Ferdinan at Max Brenner had to be the worst server I have ever had. I knew we were in for an interesting dining experience when I ordered an IPA and he didn't know what that was. The rest of the meal was filled with awkward comments, and him reading over my friends' shoulders when they were on their phones. At the end of the meal, he did apologize for the bad service and said the restaurant was closing in April, so they were short staffed. Let's just say we were less than shocked. When we left the restaurant, my friend made a comment to the hostesses about the service we had received, and both of them looked at her and simply replied, "okay." I have never complained to somebody at a restaurant about my service before, but I would expect them to at least express some sort of apology. Anyways, the food was alright- nothing to write home about. I will say the chocolate dishes looked fantastic, but it's safe to say that I won't be coming back to try those.
5	Love this place. I've only eaten desserts though. Too bad they will be closing. Make sure to check them out before! Any of the fondue is great and have great happy hours at the bar.
5	Heads up people, from what we heard, this wonderful place will be closed within thirty days.  It seems Ceasers is raising their rent so high they cannot stay.  Apparently they are targeting three businesses within the forum shops.  Such a shame.  This place is cool, it has a funky vibe, good service, great food, and the desserts?  Well let's just say if you like chocolate, run over there now, it is open late.  The only thing that can keep me warm at night is the idea that I can stop in there and maybe grab some retail half off.  Still it is such a shame!
1	Ugh god. Are tourists just over generous with reviews bc this place is bland, over priced and typical. Save your money and leave. Best part was walking away
5	I am a chocoholic and this place is like heaven to me! lol I went here twice, and I hope to stop by again. The last time I've been here was with my family and boyfriend. We ordered some shakes and of course one of their chocolate fondues. For the shakes, we ordered strawberry white chocolate, chocolate hazelnut, and cookies shake. I can't decide between strawberry and hazelnut. They were both so so goood!! The cookies and cream was alright, I just wish they had more cookies. The fondue was amazing of course. We had the Classic European Fondue for Two. I think we had three little fondue pots with dark chocolate, milk chocolate, and toffee. So goooooood!!! Just thinking about it makes me want it now! lolAnd of course the service is great, the waiters are patient and down to earth (they don't seem like they're trying too hard). So if you want your chocolate fix go here!! It'll hit the spot!
1	I've never spent $14 on a dessert before so expectations were high as they should be for this high of a price.  What a major disappointment.  Let's start with the shake.  My son ordered the salted caramel shake & it was the most runny, thin shake I've ever tasted.  Also way too salty.  Portion was very small.  For $9 you should get a nice sized shake with the tin can.  On to my banana split waffle.  Let's start w/the positives - the chocolate & caramel was outstanding.  The problem the chocolate comes in a container that probably holds 1/2 an ounce if your lucky.  This is stingier than your boss giving you praise for a job well done.  Then they put a 1 1/2 inch baby scoop of ice cream that is smaller than a child's cone at baskin robbins.  To make matters worse the waffle is so stale it tastes like it was made in the dark ages.  Seriously this place is averaging 4 stars?  I wouldn't go back unless someone's buying & even them I'd think twice.  Major bummer!
4	At first glance, whether looking at the names of dishes, or glancing over to their chocolate section, we thought the place reminded us of an elegant, chocolatey, Willy Wonka shop. There are two sides to the store. The first is where you dine and on the opposite side are all their confections. I did the unthinkable and ordered the Deep Blue Cobb Salad. I wasn't feeling very well so I wanted something as light as possible. It was decadent with the bleu cheese and bacon, but the salad wasn't big at all, so the flavors weren't overwhelming. It was a good salad but I'll try to never order a salad from here again. My fiance went the sweet breakfast route and ordered the After Party Belgian Waffle. The waffle was cooked well but it consisted of two small waffles covered in whipped cream and strawberries. In two little mini beakers were the melted white chocolate and strawberry honey. It tastes like a creamy strawberry syrup and the white chocolate was good. The next time we visit, I said we'd have to try the Chocolate Fondue. A few people ordered it to share and it looked amazing. I'd suggest going out of your comfort zone in a place like this. We also ordered milkshakes and when you see the prices on these things, you might remember the $5 milkshake scene in Pulp Fiction. Well, these were $8 milkshakes so they better be good. I got the 80s milkshake and it was really boring. He got the Chocolate Espresso milkshake and the flavors were much better, although I didn't taste much of the espresso in there. They weren't worth the price, in my opinion, as our tastebuds didn't receive a blast of excitement as we expected, but they were tasty. We might split one if we decide to try them again. Even Sugar Factory's ice cream concoctions were more creative and comparable in price. Toward the end, my fiance also ordered an Americano with an extra shot and I remember him enjoying it. Before tip, our total cost $53.89 and it was pricey. The $15 salad wasn't worth it and I feel like you have to go big or go home otherwise you might be disappointed. On the other side, the chocolate shop is small and sometimes cramped. There is a chocolate twist in all of their treats. Chocolate is their thing. The waitress even gave us a 10% off coupon to use so we found it difficult to pass up buying several things we wanted including their variety box. The only thing that stopped us was our drive back to LA. Being that we were in July and the average day in Vegas was 110 degrees, we decided against it. Another time, we told ourselves.
5	This establishment never ceases to amaze me and take my palate to  new and delicious experiences!  Service was wonderful, even the tea is wonderful!  I will come here everything I'm in Vegas!
4	Fantastic food! I got the Brenner Burger and my wife got the Prosciutto Waffle Sandwich. Both were delicious. But, I think my favorite part of the meal was the drink. I got the Yellow Granitas, which was amazing. The sad part is that this location is closing for good in two weeks. Hopefully they reopen somewhere else in Vegas, because I'll definitely come back if they do.
3	I'm going to start a list called, "Over-hyped Over-Yelped Places" and the top of my list will be Max Brenner. It was early Sat. morning when we came here. I was groggy and hung-over from the night before (ugh, two-buck chuck's are the worst hangovers, EVER). I tried to read through their confusing menu, but it required too many brain cells, so I left all the ordering to Mike (who has several degrees and credentials in breakfastology, really). Good thing I didn't order because I didn't realize the prices till I came home. We ordered the $10 chocolate cookie, an $8 milkshake and $12 corn croquettes. "Woah Elly May, didn't you know you ain't in West Virginia no mo'?" Yeah... obviously. Poor uncle Jed would've died of a heart attack here. Good thing he wasn't with us. Anyways... I didn't have any price prejudice when the food came out. I just didn't think it was spectacular. At all. The $8 salted caramel milkshake tasted like liquid Snickers, way too sweet. The chocolate chip cookie was thick, not crispy, and I didn't like it. It was like a cookie cake, yuck. We got their Cinnamon Apples & White Chocolate Cream French Toast. I thought it was blah, but Mike, the expert on all things french toast, said it was good. The only highlight for me was the side of bacon, it was excellent. Ok, ok, so Max Brenner was my idea. I can't blame anyone. "It's a restaurant dedicated to chocolate! How can that go wrong?" I thought. Well... for starters, 90% of their menu is sweet, so if you're a recovering diabetic, this place is not for you.I did notice how run-down the place looked. Our table had chips and dents. The varnish was coming off on the wood, the chairs were uncomfortable. Service was barely decent, but she was nice. Again, for the price point, this is unacceptable.Sorry, but I'm  a disappointing 0-2 with Forum Shop restaurants. The first bomb was Planet Hollywood, which I never wrote a review for, because c'mon, what foodie eats at Planet Hollywood? Shhhh.... According to Ben L's review below and other unconfirmed sources, this place will be closing down at the end of the month when their lease is over. I suspect, since the store was hopping at 1030am, they will be opening elsewhere, just not at the Forum Shops. So don't fret chocolate lovers, you can still have your sugar-induced coma! But as for me, I'll pass. And my pancreas will thank me for it.
3	I came here last night with my boyfriend, it was our anniversary so in the reservation I had requested a secluded table. The hostess seemed to entirely disregard our request and seated us right next to a large party. Then the service was rather slow. We ordered ONE burger to split and it felt like FOREVER. However, that burger was AMAZING. It was one of the best I've had in a long time. The fries on the side were rather cold as if they were sitting out for awhile.After the main course we had ordered the main fondue for two, once again, it felt like forever. The strawberries we delicious, but the rest of the samplers weren't really worth it. Especially not the waffle and there was hardly enough chocolate. Definitely not worth the price.Overall, I would not recommend it to a friend. But I would be willing to go back and give them another chance.
5	I know there are some seriously mixed reviews on Max Brenner, and I might not be giving such a high rating had I eaten a different meal here, but I really feel what I had deserves 5 stars. The focus of my visit was purely on the hot chocolate. The edible ordered was originally viewed as only an incidental to me, and only being added for nourishment. Hence, why I chose to pair my salted caramel hot chocolate with the (gigantic) fruit parfait.I really believed the parfait would be watery Yoplait with a couple strawberries and stale granola, but I was pleasantly surprised with the quality. The base was a very thick Greek style yogurt, the mixture of berries had a beautiful aroma of orange and honey, and the topping of dark chocolate shavings was a fun and well paired addition. It was a wonderful breakfast which didn't fill me up so much that I couldn't enjoy my hot chocolate. Possibly a smart choice for you as well if you'd like to enjoy one of Max Brenner's sweet sippables without being sickeningly full afterwards.My salted caramel hot chocolate was to die for. That amazing little "hug mug" of rich, creamy, and dreamy drink had me almost falling out of my chair. Perfection in a mug. The chocolate was intense, but not even slightly bitter, the caramel was not even close to cloying, rather it was buttery and nutty, and the salt was gentle and balanced out the sweetness of the proceeding. To say the least, I was very satisfied with this as my morning treat, and I was very, very happy to finally be experiencing it.So, the savory options at Max Brenner tend to run all over the rating scale, but I can tell you all that you're safe with the hot chocolate if nothing else. It's raved about for a reason. If you have the good graces enough to get a mug for yourself, expect to be warmed body and soul with every sip.
3	Items selected:White Corn Croquettes - Paprika dusted white corn and manchego cheese in pankoCinnamon Apple and White Chocolate French Toast - Brown Sugar Spiced Pecans, Warm Toffee SauceCrispy BaconSalted Caramel Milkshake - Vanilla Ice Cream, Chocolate Ganache, Caramel, Sea Salt, Milk, Whipped Cream"OMG" Chocolate Chunk Cookie - Chocolate Chip Cookie with Walnuts served with whipped cream, fresh berries, pure melted chocolateHaving experienced "The Bald Man's" chocolates in New York many years back and quite familiar with The Forum Shops at Caesars I really cannot explain why my substantial sweet tooth had never indulged at Max Brenner's eponymous Las Vegas restaurant, but a chance mention by a friend of the space's pending closure or relocation quickly set me to mend the oversight.  Two stories in size and featuring many things chocolate plus a collection of overpriced comfort foods it was just after 10:00am when we sat down at a cozy two top near the base of the stairs and treated to pleasant "everything is good" service typical to such places a five part order was hatched as the restaurant bustled, leaving one to ponder the reasons for any pending change.  With service swift it was only a matter of minutes before selections began to arrive, the first a superlative $8 milkshake thick with caramel and rife with vanilla but topped with copious whipped cream to mask what I'd guess to be an 8oz serving, a trend carried over to each plate that followed as large prices met small portions thankfully bolstered by bold flavors.  Starting sweet and following with savory due to a kitchen miscalculation it should be noted that each of Brenner's pure chocolates are well sourced, smooth, and complex by the bar and as such both white and milk versions only served to improve the Custard French toast and Soft Cookie, the later on par with that of New York's fabled Levain Bakery in terms of taste and texture (though at 2.5x the price) and while I think everyone would have been happier to see the Croquettes first I'd be lying if I didn't say they were my favorite bite of the meal - the paprika and manchego working smoky, savory magic on the lightly fried kernels.
4	This has a unique factor that but I have to dock it one star. Very sad to see this place go, but I'm glad I made it this month before it shuts down. The entrees could be a bit improved, but I can overlook that with it being a chocolate themed restaurant. I would always start my visit with an italian thick hot cocoa (milk chocolate), and then enjoy an entree followed by one of their amazing desserts. One thing that would have helped this place along is a third party taste tester to tell them the honest truth about their dishes (for example, the recent menu item braised pork burrito with mole sauce is just not good).
5	You must eat here for dessert! This place is a wonderland for those with a sweet tooth! Their dessert menu probably contains anything you can think of - milkshakes, waffles, crepes, fondue, ice cream, chocolate, etc. I came here for my sister's birthday dinner. I decided to eat light so that I had plenty of room for dessert. I ordered the chicken and goat cheese waffle salad. The salad was light and full of cheese, bacon, tomatoes, and corn and it was all sitting atop a savory corn waffle. I also tried my cousin's mac and cheese and it was sooo good! It came with a side of marinara sauce, which was kind of odd. I didn't like it as much with the sauce.Now, on to dessert! I shared the Sharing Fondue for Two. It came with a small personal burner, chocolate sauce, and a large assortment of dip-ables and roast-ables. I ate it all up! The only thing I didn't really eat on the plate was the milk and white chocolate bark.  I need to go back and just eat dessert, no dinner!
1	If I could give this restaurant zero stars I would.  I have eaten at the Max Brenner in Tel Aviv many times. It's always been delicious and a great fun place to eat.  I am a local Las Vegas person and I will never come back here.  We were led to our table.  The chair I almost sat on was FILTHY!  Ok, switch chairs.   It took 15 minutes for us just to place a drink order. And when the order was taken,  the server, Danielle, was rushed and indifferent. She also kept calling us "guys" and that was annoying.   I ordered the salmon. It was as dry and as stiff as my Nike sneaker.  When the table was cleared, she noticed that I only ate one or two bites of my salmon.  She asked how it was. Seriously?  She needs to learn plate cues.  See my reviews of Hank's Steakhouse.  Anywho, I told her it was terrible. She told me she would take it off the bill.  Really? She took an order, which I didn't eat, off the bill?  How generous!!!!  She gave us the bill and didn't even offer to give us a dessert...nothing just okay and goodbye.  So, my three kids and I went over to the Cheesecake Factory and had a fantastic dessert with great service.  So if you want a sneaker for dinner with lousy service go to Max Brenner.  Although, I understand this restaurant is closing in April.  I can see why.....
2	Maybe due to the closure next Sunday, our server, Melissa first forgot our order and messed up our check in the end. I will miss the S'more crepe in the future, but the service today had me no regret to lose this place.
2	Last year I heard about this place and took my son here for Easter brunch. So this year I asked where he wanted to go get an afternoon snack. He said he wanted to go here because they had a great milkshake. We got here around 3:00. There was just a few people dining. It looked like they were getting ready for the dinner crowd. I ordered the popsicle that I had heard so much about. They said they were out of them but would give me a vanilla cone and I could put the toppings on it. I was served  two scoops of ice cream in a waffle cone. There were three small bowls with it. In them was chocolate pearls, chocolate sauce and something I couldn't identify. I think it was browned coconut. I wasn't impressed at all. The chocolate was to fancy for me I guess. If I'm going to pay $8.00 for an Ice Cream cone I would like it to be more spectacular. My son said his shake wasn't as good as the first one. Two people came in and asked for something and they said they were out. I gave this two tries and I won't be back.
3	I ordered the salted caramel hot chocolate-- absolutely amazing! And I also ordered the marshmallow pizza.. But the thing is, it never got to my table! So I asked my server when it was going to come because I was getting impatient and she claimed I never ordered it. The salted caramel hot chocolate was good, but it was all I got from them because of my cruddy server.
2	I've heard good things about this place, but the service is TERRIBLE. My boyfriend & I made reservations beforehand, stating that we were celebrating our anniversary. When we arrived, it took the host two minutes to greet us (she made eye contact and said nothing). She asked us to wait, which was fine but when another couple who made reservations as well checked in, she seated them before us! We were seated outside next to a large group. Our server was overly sarcastic and not so friendly. Onto the food... We ordered the penne pasta with chicken. It wasn't amazing. Ordered the heart truffle cake and shake and our server left before my boyfriend could finish the remainder of our dessert order! Tried to get his attention and he half-turned his head and said to us "oh I hear you what do you want?" as he turns back to multitask. Umm, kinda rude! So then a couple minutes later, the server comes to take away dirty utensils and give us new ones. He neglects to switch out my fork and I catch him before he leaves, handing him my fork and telling him it was dirty. He proceeds to give me a fork and says "umm here's this one. I think that's clean, right?" He then looks at the fork that I gave him and says "oh those are just water stains!" I tell him that I had used that one, and he blames me boyfriend saying that "he said it was clean!" WOW!!! NO WONDER THIS IS CLOSING DOWN ON SUNDAY!HOWEVER I must say that the hot chocolate I ordered makes up for some of the crappy experience! I was DIVINE! I love hug mugs! And I would totally come back and go thru the crappy wait and service all for that salted caramel white hot chocolate! Yum!!!
1	They are out of everything here. I can't believe a restaurant that is out of this many main menu items. No salmon, no fish tacos, no prosecco. Who runs out of prosecco?? I am gluten free and they only have one item on there gluten free menu that is available. 2 thumbs down. Their excuses is that they close on Sunday. Bullshit
3	The food and everything were wonderfully delicious, but the service bothered me a lot. The person who seated us was really nice, but our waiter seemed really rude. He would just throw everything on the table, napkins, forks, spoons, the check. It seemed like he was having a tantrum yet trying to be nice for a good tip. The food here is extremely good to eat, I had the hazelnut strawberry crepe and a Oreo milkshake. I would go back again even if the service is horrible.
3	Max Brenner is one of those places that I take out of town guests too.  Most people love it.  After the last few visits I think it is just ok.  Good but not amazing.  Price point is a little high for not being great.  For a restaurant that is dedicated to chocolate I expect more.  I've mostly had desserts and sweet items.  Hot chocolate is really good.  Fondue nothing special.  Ice cream sundaes average.  Chocolate pizza pretty good.  Waffles meh.  Crepes ok.  Chocolate martini best ever.  Kids menu is cute.  There are rumors that they will reopen as a store.  Until then when I'm at Caesars I'll see you at Vosges.
3	The food was delicious, but they were closing a few days after and had a very limited amount of items left so it was hard finding something I wanted to order and look on the list and find out they ran out of it. I ended up getting the cinnamon apple French toast and it was really good, but not worth 14.75
5	Omg!!! By far the best chocolate place!! Their hazelnut chocolate milk shake is to die for! A must try!!! Love the food here too!!!
5	Hands down best dessert of my life. Great menue, great prices and wonderful service.A must if you are in the area, you will be sure not to regret it. And beware the portions are huge!
5	Saddens me that I've been trying to go this place for over a year now, and when I finally go, I find out they're closing down for good this month :'( I'm glad at least we got to try 'em before they did (went on 3/26/14).This chocolate haven is decadently amazing. Came here for breakfast; all the food my friends and I ordered here last week were so delicious. The food was flawless. Portion size, tastes, service (btw our lady server was super sweet; she exchanged my hot cocoa free of charge when I didn't like it!) were spot on even though they would close in a few days time. (See my pics! :)The fatty that I am ordered a Mexican hot chocolate with dark chocolate essence. It was a bit too bitter for my taste, so opted for the regular milk hot chocolate instead in that cute HUG MUG! I cupped it between my hands and sipped away! hahah. I also got the Lazy Breakfast and shared the Strawberry Hazelnut Crepe with my friend. SO MUCH FOOD, but all so perfect. I was stuffed, but the good kind of stuffed. The "pure melted chocolate lick" was basically a melted choco sauce. It complimented the sugar biscuit very well along with the soft butter in my breakfast dish. The CREPE. Wow. I think this may just be the best crepe I've ever tasted!!! It was perfectly crisped, perfect crispness. And the ganache sauce in the flask, drizzled over the crepe was too good to be true.My friends got a steak panini which I didn't get to taste-test, but they said it was delish too. I did try, however, those Chili,Cocoa dusted Waffle Fries! The girls were afraid it would be like sweet fries, but low and behold, they were the best seasoned fries we've tried! Well my friends, looks like if you wanna try some Max Brenners, gonna have to try 'em at the plentiful locations in the East Coast (damn you New Jersey for taking away the Vegas location)!!  Or other worldwide locations like in Japan, Russia, Australia. lol random imy.  If only they'd open one here in LA, I'm absolutely sure they'd be a hit! Yes, they're on the higher side for prices, but it's totally worth it if the food's this scrumptious. I'll crave you always Max Brenners!
4	It is a real shame this place has closed down. They had a killer happy hour and their chocolate martini was like nothing I've had before. I didn't intend on buying any chocolate when I stopped in, but I sampled their chocolate covered pecans and it was some of the best candy I have had in a long time and I had to buy a box. I'm glad I got to try it when I did.
5	DELISH!!!!! I'm known for my huge sweet tooth and after stopping in two days in my three day stay in Vegas I am hooked!!!
5	SO SAD that this place closed.   WAFFLE FRIES were bomb.com and their different kinds of sipping hot chocolate with the rice crispies were truly one of a kind deliciousness in their "hug mugs".   Hot chocolate will never be the same.I hope they are opening up another location.
5	Amazing waffle fries, perfectly crispy and fluffy on the inside. Mozzarella Tomato add avocado Panini, perfect. Chocolate Hazelnut shake with an add shot cake vodka (per server recommendation), delicious!!! Love their theme, presentation, and service.
4	upon reading other reviews - sad to see this place has closed.  The desserts were phenominal.  Rich fresh made chocolates.  Taking desserts to a whole new level of flavor, flair, and design.  It was literally eating art.  Perfect balances of sweet and salty - matched with amazingly balanced textures.  Max - I don't know where you went or where you have gone but please don't stop chasing your dream of creating sweet memories for people to eat!
5	I can't believe they closed this place down!!!! I came to Max Brenner a while ago. Me & my date had the chocolate sampler And milk chocolate fondue, w/ strawberries bananas and marshmallows may I add :);)) it was amazing!! They had many different chocolate varieties to choose from. Hands down the best dessert place, specially if u are a chocolate lover..Loved it, sucks to see it closed down.
5	This is very disappointing to hear.. It's my boyfriends birthday and I wanted to bring him here. When looking for the menu items I find out the restaurant has been closed for sometime.. I hope it was only closed for remodeling... This used to be my go to restaurant while shopping.!
4	A cute restaurant for date night! Happy hour deals are great, but only applicable at the bar. If you're trying to get drunk, these drinks are not for you. The chocolate content is significantly higher than the alcohol in them. The burger with waffle fries are my favorite! So sad to see they closed!
5	So disappointed to see that max brenner closed.  I am glad I got to try it before it closed, the chocolate fondu was so good, just didn't have enough chocolate to dip everything in :(
5	When friends and families ask for restaurant recommendations in Vegas, I ALWAYS recommend this place because it's one of my favorite places of all times. My stepmom from China wanted Chinese food but I wanted to take her to this place instead and she was absolutely surprised at how good American food tastes. Then another time I went with friends from college and they all loved my recommendation. Everything on the menu is delicious!!! Recently when i tried recommending this location again, so SAD to learn on yelp that it's closed :(( will have to try the other locations on the east coast&worldwide.
5	We are heading to Vegas this week!! I hopped online to check the hours and I CANT BELIEVE THIS RESTAURANT HAS CLOSED!!!!! Hands down one of my FAVORITES in Vegas!!!!!  Love, Love, LOVE. The entire menu!!!  What a tragedy!!!
