5	Oh man. Laura's cupcakes are unbelievably great! Moist, sweet but not too sweet, with really innovative and delicious flavor combinations. I wish she was in Chicago though ... on second thought, best she's *not* in Chicago otherwise I'd be there every week!
5	Best cupcakes around!  Delicious, Gorgeous and Creative!
5	Great service. Called in to see if they had any other gluten-free cupcakes besides the flour-less chocolate base. When I explained it was for a graduation a week away- I was told that they had a gluten-free cookbook and a week was enough time to experiment and develop a GF Carrotcake cupcake (my original request).I'm looking forward to seeing how they turn out.
5	Best cupcake shop in Madison with convenient location and friendly staff.
5	Very convenient hours, super friendly too! Perfect for a last minute desert for a dinner party I was heading too.  Everyone loved them.
5	Delicious cupcakes. I particularly like the pumpkin
5	Let me tell you something about these cupcakes and the heart and SOUL that goes into them! First of all, I have never met more passionate and hard working people in my life - Laura and Wade - you are amazing! But way beyond that, and coming from someone who is not even a "sweet" person, I CRAVE these incredible cupcakes! I see a Facebook picture and I speed there the make sure I get what they are serving because I don't want to miss out. E-V-E-R! There is no comparison. None. Local. Hard workers. THE BEST. Period. If you don't stop by this beautiful establishment, you are simply missing out. :o)))
5	This is, easily, the best cupcake shop in Madison!  Why is it so good?  Their cupcakes are creative, artistic, tasty and unique, and, importantly, they have a perfectly proportioned, reasonable amount of frosting.   These cupcakes will not leave you feeling like you just ate four pounds of sugar and a little cake.  The frosting (and other toppings) complement the cake in flavor and texture, leaving a cupcake that you can enjoy from the first to the last bite.
5	Try the minis if you don't want to see a crumb wasted, which you won't. I recommend going right to the store to get them and take time to browse. Gave a huge selection as a present and every person who had one LOVED them. That included my 20-year-old cousin who is very picky and eats like a bird.
5	I had the opportunity to have a red velvet cuppie from Cupcakes a Go-Go just once. It was a year ago and it has haunted me since. Being from so far away (Hawaii) from their location (Madison, WI), it's difficult to simply stop by and get a cuppie fix. So I have searched every cupcakery in Hawaii to find a cuppie that can match the heaven that I tasted with CAGG. Nothing even comes close. And this distresses me. Because I might have to jump on a plane to taste that red velvet cupcake -- with its delicious undertones and velvety texture -- ever again. You cannot go wrong with a cuppie from CAGG. They are hands down the best cupcakery.
3	I agree with a previous reviewer, the cupcakes were ok, but nothing special.  The combinations were interesting, actual cake flavor was good but the frosting was lacking.  A couple of the cupcakes had cream cheese frosting, which I normally don't mind, but wouldn't expect on a cupcake unless I was ordering a carrot cupcake.  I was also a bit put off by the price.  They are charging the same price as cupcake shops in larger cities, that typically offer larger cupcakes with much better visual presentation (both the cupcake & carryout box).
4	The cupcakes are very delicious, and pleasing to look at. The staff is very firendlyCupcakes are the PERFECT size.....not like some of the giant ones you find elsewhere. The homemade POP TARTS are to die for, as are the pumpkin cinnamon rolls.
3	It's time to get real.  I am a cupcake queen. I LOVE them.  I go to cupcakeries every chance I get, so my bar is set a bit high.  When I eat a cupcake, I look for a light but moist cake with a creamy and generous topping of frosting.  The cake was a bit heavier for my taste, but to each his own.  I hear they have new and unique flavors, which I'm excited to go and try.
5	Cupcakes-A-Go-Go are by far the best in Madison.  There are a variety of creative flavors so something for everyone.  They also don't overdo it on the frosting like a lot of fancy cupcake places.  My personal favorite is the Tiramisu, but also really like the Peanut Butter Cup, Oreo and Creme Brulee.  Their breakfast goods are also great.  I've had the homemade pop-tarts and French Toast muffin and loved both.
2	I want badly to love this place but  the few times I've gone I've been disappointed:(  the cc's are fine, just fine.
5	Awesome turtle cheesecake cupcake. It was delicious!!! Nothing else has to be said beyond that.
5	I can't believe I have not yet reviewed this place.  I was buying cupcakes from them when I had to travel to Sun Prairie to do so.  The cupcakes are always fresh and moist, the best in town.  Maybe it is because I am more of a cake than frosting person, but I do not need frosting piled 6 inches high.  I am much happier to have a quality cupcake with some good frosting and Cupcakes A Go-Go never disappoints.  Two of my favorites are Chocolate Caramel Sea Salt and the Creme Brulee.  They always have seasonal flavors too.  Besides the yummy cupcakes, Wade and Laura are two of the nicest business owners I have ever known.  Whenever I stop in they come out from the kitchen to say hello.  If you ever are disappointed or have a bad experience they are right there to make it right.  You could not find two nicer people!  I realize as I am writing this it has been way too long since I have stopped in, need to put that on my to do list for this weekend.  Try them, you won't be disappointed!
4	Their cupcakes have been at many events I have attended. Moist, not too sweet frosting with well balanced flavor combinations. i like the bite size ones cause its just the right amount and lets you try multiple flavors. I have yet to have the chance to go to there shop.
4	I wrote a previous review of Cupcakes-A-Go-Go that was a bit harsh and this is my make up review.   Though my first impression of the store was not what I had hoped, I can say that the cupcakes were very good and reasonably priced and the service was good.I recently found out that they use local ingredients whenever possible which is always a plus in my book.  I had both the cheesecake and the cupcakes and they were both very good.There isn't a lot of room to sit down so it is best to order to go but there are tables and chairs for about 10 people or so.I am looking forward to seeing this business grow and become a really great go-to bakery in the area which we all know we desperately need.
4	Hands down best champagne cupcake I have ever had! The other cupcakes I've sampled are good, but not as good as the champagne, which is rolled in crystal sugar and has cream cheese frosting. If I were rating only the one flavor they would get 5 stars. Alas, the black forest and others are 4 star cupcakes. :)Their store is cute and has a retro vibe to it. The owners are very nice and will answer any questions you have.
3	The concept is actually pretty neat. I just don't really like the cupcakes that much. If you are a cupcake fan at any level, this place can be heaven. Maybe with a little time the selection will improve, but at a single moment there are only so many varieties. There were some creative ones but they were still semi-standard. Ex: add alcohol. I think they also have specials day to day which is a huge plus, but unfortunately I can't eat cupcakes every day.I personally would have liked to see a chocolate cupcake that looked like chocolate was a central component to the integrity of the cake. But heck that might be what separates cake from brownies. The cupcakes are worth ordering and when I went there were indeed an impressive number of cupcakes. Because this is a new place, I am sure they will appreciate regulars. You might also want to check to see if they will do custom cupcakes/cupcake orders, because that certainly could be a possibility.
5	A must-try bakery on Madison's west side. Located in the same strip mall off of Mineral Point as Joey's Seafood Grill and Rosati's, this stylish and cute bakery is one of my very favorites. They have special offerings all the time, including bars, pumpkin cinnamon rolls, macaroons, and cake pops, but their cupcakes are what I come in for. Moist, flavorful, and just the right amount of frosting, unlike Gigi's. The black forest cupcake is my mainstay, which has actual whipped cream frosting and a quality cherry filling. I'd recommend  the red velvet as well, which has a touch of pomegranate flavor. Plus they have booze-inspired flavors like the Irish Trifecta, the White Russian, and champagne-can't go wrong here.I've had them make custom Hunger Games cupcakes for a friend's birthday, and even the regular lemon flavor was a knock-out. I'll be working with them again.
4	We went here with our 2 kids. The young man behind the counter was super friendly and helpful!  He even gave us a free cupcake that was messed up while decorating.  We each had a different cupcake. And they were all really good and moist. I had the peanut butter one that was stuffed with a peanut butter cup yum yum!  We will definitely be going back.
5	Just YUMMY!  Our favorites are the mint chocolate and red velvet. Easy location.  Good hours.
5	We used Cupcakes-A-Go-Go for our wedding. The cupcakes were exceptionally delicious and beautiful, and CAGG was a pleasure to work with. Delivery and setup was right on time, the cupcakes looked perfect, and our guests devoured them with gusto. We found the cupcakes to be of exceptional value, especially when compared to other bakers in the Madison area. I cannot recommend Cupcakes-A-Go-Go highly enough! Thinking about cupcakes for your wedding? Don't hesitate. Book with Cupcakes-A-Go-Go now.
2	I am like a total cupcake connoisseur lol....after reading raving reviews, I decided to check it out. I got the red velvet and an turtle. I have to admit it was nothing special. Maybe I came in on a bad day but it tasted like it was days old not fresh. My bff had a couple of champagne cupcakes and it was ok...idk for the price you would think it would be better....maybe I will try again but idk
5	I LOVE this place. Their cupcakes are top-notch and the staff is always friendly. I have gotten a few custom orders from them for my birthday and graduation, and they did an amazing job. Admittedly, they did totally miss one of my orders and it was not ready when I went to pick it up, but they had it ready for me within the same day and gave it to me for free because of this. Incredible customer service and incredibly talented bakers!
5	I used this bakery for my wedding. I was planning my wedding from out of town so I was unable to come in person for a consultation. Their communication was fabulous. They were very open to my ideas and produced exactly what I asked for. Their prices were very reasonable. Thanks a bunch!
3	I was a t this cafe today for the first time after reading the reviews and I got 6 cupcakes, CHAMPAGNE (it had a nice mild flavor, kind of plain in my opinion), LEMON (it was too sweet and too tart for my taste and I love citrus flavors), A PBO (peanut butter, the chocolate ganache combined with peanut butter custard like frosting was good, but it also had like a peanut butter cup underneath that and for me it was too much,it would be much better without that), BLACK FOREST(that was my favorite one! If you love chocolate combined with cherries and whipped cream, this is the ONE!) WHITE RUSSIAN (the frosting was good, with a hint of liqueor, I think) PEPPERMINT BARK (again, it had too much going on, the white frosting had too much of peppermint extract or something like that, too sweet and with a big piece of peppermint on top), in short, I think all the cupcakes had the same texture (kind of dry for my taste) except for the black forest, which was very moist.
5	We have been going to CCAGG since we moved to Madison two plus years ago. They are my wife's FAVORITE sweet place ever. The owners are just about the nicest store owners I have ever met. Always a smile. Always fresh cupcakes. Always something new. We are now moving to California. This is the one place we will miss. I even inquired about shipping cupcakes to California. Next I will try to convince them to open another branch in Orange County. Start packing Laura. We will convince your hubby yet. Please try their sweets. Awesome. Tell them Chaz sent you.
5	Wade and Laura are great.  They did the cupcakes for our wedding and 5 months later still know our names.  The cupcakes are really good, the folks the run the place are really nice and they do a really great job making you feel welcome.  What else do you want in your cupcake joint?
5	it all started a year ago, when i arbitrarily ordered a dozen cupcakes online for my sister's bday from Providence and her then-boyfriend proposed that same week.  as she bridezilla'ed all over Madtown in the ensuing months, i casually and manipulatively suggested the two of them consider cupcakes for their wedding instead of a traditional wedding cake.  4 months later--after a friendly, professional, and honest consultation w/Wade who remained helpful and available throughout the process--we're sitting on her kitchen floor amongst strewn cupcake wrappers, soaking in our own filth, painfully closing out a destructive but unlamented 2-day tasting binge where these guys came out on top.  her wedding day: memorable for 200 Midwesterners in various stages of inebriation toasting the happy couple w/cupcakes in hand, winning flavors clearly creme brulee and peanut butter overdrive~
5	Best cupcakes ever. The seasonal pumpkin cupcake is yumm !! Ever since I tried these, I stopped taking or liking cupcakes from anywhere else :) these are even better than the famous sprinkles in Chicago along with the advantage of not standing in queue for an hour.. That's a bonus !
2	I have gotten cupcakes from here since we moved to town in 2011.  I love their variety and the fact that they don't put 4 inches of frosting on top.  We also try and support local businesses as much as possible.  I have always picked up my cupcakes in store and decided to try delivery for a business meeting for work.  We had our executive team in Madison from Chicago and they were really looking forward to having a Chocolate Bacon Maple Whiskey cupcake.  I placed the order online and called to follow up and pay with a credit card over the phone and to make sure they could be delivered between 9:30 and 10:30 a.m. like I specified on the online delivery form.  They said that it was no problem!  By 1:00 (at the conclusion of our meeting that started at 11, hence the delivery time notice) there will still no sign of cupcakes.  I called and they said that the were very busy today (which I understand, it being so close to Valentine's Day) and that they should be there within the next 5-10 minutes.  Just before 3:00 they were finally delivered, almost 5 hours after they said we would have them.  While we were very excited that they had come and we could enjoy them, we were very disappointed that the sole purpose of us ordering them (for our meeting with the executive team from Chicago) for our event today had passed and the executive team had left to head back to Chicago.  I find it upsetting that a place that delivers for a variety of holidays and events cannot deliver on time, or even close to on time - regardless if it's a holiday or not.  I can't imagine if it was a birthday party or something really special and they show up 5 hours late after everyone has left.  We will continue to buy cupcakes from Cupcakes A Go Go in store, but I will never order delivery from them.  Unfortunately this event has left everyone in our office feeling the same way - unreliable delivery service.  Very disappointed with our experience today, but at least the cupcakes were still good.
2	So after seeing Cupcakes- A- Go-Go win the Gold for Best of Madison Bakery, I wanted to give it a try. But like several times before the Best of Madison "best" turns out to be disappointment. Cupcakes A Go Go  happens to be close to my parents house. So I decided to stop by and pick up some sweets for my mothers birthday.The girl behind the counter greeted us right away but did not seem knowledgeable, She had to keep asking questions to a guy working on a laptop at one of the tables. She almost seemed annoyed at us for asking her questions. Other things that led to  minor frustrations was the fact that we could not get 5 cupcakes even though they were charged individually? At $3.25 a piece. We had to get 4 or 6. Same with the macarons, which we could get a 4 box of the prepackaged, but not the fresh ones, so had to get 6. Now to the taste- I tried the chocolate lavender and pistachio macaron . The pistachio one was HOLLOW, which is not suppose to happen. And by far pistachio macarons are one of my favorite things- so that really ruined things for me. The chocolate lavender macaron, thank god, was made correctly- although not good. I also was not a fan of the flavor since the lavender being too overpowering. You can get better macrons at few other places, I am not convinced I would want another one from here.  After my experience with the macarons, I did not want to try the cupcakes, and told my mother it was completely okay if she did not like them (or even try them), and wanted to get rid of them. But my mother did try them, and did like the ones she had. So that makes me think, I should go back and try a cupcake at some point. But at $3.25/piece they are more expensive than Madison sweets which is close to my work, and has my favorite Sea Salt Caramel Cupcake. Overall, another trip might happen just not soon.
5	The guys at Cupcakes a go go really came through for me today!  It was my daughters birthday and us being out of state makes it difficult to pull off those little surprises.  Unfortunately I called late but they made it happen and got 12 beautiful cupcakes delivered ON her birthday!   She was thrilled and really appreciated what thy had put together.  Thanks Cupcakes-a-go-go!
5	This place is great! It's a cozy little shop; very clean with friendly employees. So far I've tried the hummingbird, peanut butter and mint chocolate cookie cupcakes. They're all very good but I recommend the mint chocolate cookie one most. My friend bought a few macaroons. I'd say they were alright but I've had better. So if you decide to go, definitely go for the cupcakes.
5	I wished I have found this place earlier! Being a Friday my friend and I decided to go to Cupcakes-A-Go-Go Cafe to try out some of their stuff after hearing some nice comments from another friend. We were not disappointed! So far I have tried their macarons (vanilla, chocolate, mango, raspberry and salted bourbon caramel) and cupcakes (chocolate espresso truffle, red velvet with pomegranate, oreo, french vanilla strawberry and tiramisu). I really like the vanilla macarons (you can taste the vanilla beans in them!) and their mango macarons (the mango is so rich, which kept me wondering if there were real mangoes in the fillings). Their cupcakes are super good and very different from what I'd had so far. The frosting blends in with the cupcakes that it feels so natural to have the frosting with the cake. I have never finished the entire frosting on my cupcakes prior to this, either because they are too sweet or too much. So this is really awesome for me.Their cupcakes are not the cheapest, you can get cheaper ones downtown Madison. But I will be back again for more of my favorites, and try a couple of others that I didn't get to today, such as their black forest cupcakes!! Btw, their cupcakes are buy 12 get 1 free, you don't have to get all 12 at one go, it's cumulative, either use their mobile app, or a punch card to keep records. And there are special offers for checking in as well! This is a Friday afternoon well-spent =)
5	Definitely delicious!  I have been told to try this place out over and over.  Then it happened!  I checked in on Yelp and noticed Cupcakes A Go Go came up.  What could that mean????  Of course!  I was finally in the neighborhood to try it out.I am obsessed with banana bread.  I tried their banana cupcake...yum!  It was a whole lot of banana. The custard in the middle was perfect.  The cake was fluffy without being too dense.  The crumble on top was the perfect compliment to the soft cake.  All sorts of delish!They also have doggie cupcakes.  I think my dog also gave the place a 5-star rating.I purchased an Oreo cupcake and two peanut butter cupcakes.  I shared the love for these but I can tell you they were well received.  The counter person was so friendly and informative.  My purchase was quick and easy.  They have to go containers that hold the cupcakes nicely.  No tip overs on the way home!
5	This is my second time at this cute little cafe, the first time I was there from all the cupcakes I had I really loved their black forest cupcakes so why not to try some other flavors once again. I got a champagne one (I tried it before) , a turtle one with nuts on top and of course some black forest ones. I had to say they were all really good, very moist and the frosting of the champagne one was right on point, the turtle was new for me and usually that word is associated to very sweet because of the caramel but this was not the case, which I really liked, I could taste the caramel tones but it was not overpowering and the nuts were nice and crunchy. For the black forest, all I have to say is that if you love chocolate and cherries, this is a sin made in heaven ;) I will definitely come back.
4	Shortly, after my original review posted- Laura the owner followed up with me. She was extremely understanding, and explained that the girl was new, and there were some miscommunication. She offered to refund my money for the bad experience, or give me a gift card to come back and try it again. I opted for the gift card since my mom who I bought the cupcakes for did like it. Few months passed... and here I am with my updated review. This time we opted for 6 cupcakes:  4 were FANTASTIC ( I could eat them way more than I should):- The Oreo ( there was an Oreo inside, and it worked!!!)- Smore ( messy to eat cause the marshmallow frosting is sticky- but oh so good) - Triple Chocolate Cookie Dough (OMG- with the cookie dough inside it was good)- Strawberry Lemonade One was okay, but nothing special:- Banana PuddingAnd 1 I did not care for:- Maple Whiskey Bacon, while the quality was good, I think the problem here was the bitterness of Whiskey, and saltiness of the bacon was too much- the maple could not cut it. I also tried one of their macarons to give it another shot- It was better, but something was still missing. I am just going to skip it in the future.Overall I will go back here for the cupcakes!!! Cause that's what their name is, and that's what they do well.
4	First thing I love about Cupcakes-A-Go-Go?? They are open until EIGHT on the weekends. This is perfect for all those late night cupcake cravings.  Well, maybe eight is only late if you are the mother of three small children. So yes...let me rephrase...this is perfect for all those mid-evening cupcake cravings!We stopped by Cupcakes-A-Go-Go last Saturday night about about 7:40 and they had a plethora of available flavors. To me this is good AND bad.  Good, because it means that there is more for me to choose from. Bad because it means they are clearly not the type of shop that makes all their cupcakes fresh in the morning and keep them out until they sell out.  It makes me wonder, on the average, how long they DO sit out - are most made the day of? Just wondering...As for the cupcakes themselves, well, I will review each one individually because I feel like they were all pretty different.  Here is the order I tried them. (For the record, I did not eat these all myself, I did share...a little.) ;)1. Mint Oreo: This was the first one I tried, and I was very impressed. The cake was moist and dense with excellent flavor. The frosting was their "traditional" cream cheese based frosting (which I know only from reading other Yelp reviews) and it fit the cupcake well. It was also thick and dense and complimented the cake perfectly. This one was great. :)2. Lemon Meringue: I was expecting a nice zesty lemon cupcake. I was disappointed. The cake was a bit dry and the flavor just so-so. The meringue frosting tasted fine. I was pretty underwhelmed.3. Peanut Butter Cookie Dough: I was SO excited for this cupcake. I was SO let down. The cake was very, very dry.  The chunk of cookie dough in the middle was hard. The frosting was the cream cheese based frosting again, which just didn't fit with the rest of it. It did not feel like a cohesive dessert.  None of worked together. It was not good. Bummer.4. Black Forest: First of all - this cupcake looked incredible. It was like the picture-perfect cupcake with it's chocolate cake, white whipped frosting, and a cherry on top. And, I'm happy to report that it tasted even better than it looked!! The cake was just right - sweet, moist, melted in my mouth.  The cherries were tasty and didn't feel like they came from a can. The whipped topping was just like grandma makes - not super sweet and made of fresh whipping cream. The entire thing my my trip to Cupcakes-A-Go-Go worth it.  THIS is what I hoped all my cupcakes would be.I also purchased a Strawberries and Cream cupcake and a German Chocolate cupcake, but I was far too generous and gave those to my in-laws. What was I thinking?!  Part of me wants to give this place 3 stars - because only half of the cupcakes I tried were awesome - one was the opposite of awesome.  However, I think I will go with 4.  Really good, but could use some improvements.  I have now am halfway to a free cupcake (Buy 12 get one free - which is great because you don't have to buy all 12 at one time!), so I will definitely be back to try some more. Hopefully the next ones will wow me and force me to add that last star!
1	I stopped in to the shop on a week day in the morning to discuss having a wedding cake done with them and to set up a tasting. They handed me a brochure and told me to look things up online. They told me to fill out their online form, which I did when I got home. I met Wade at the store and he said they were available on my wedding date. BUT I have not heard back from them! I received an email receipt for my online form request saying they'd get back to me in 48 hours... It's been exactly 2 weeks and ivd heard nothing. Disappointed to say the least.
5	Delicious cupcakes, unique flavors and excellent customer service! I will definitely be back and recommend all of my friends!
5	I just bought and finished eating a banana pudding cupcake and I just had to jump on here and insta-5 star them. This may have been the best cupcake I've ever had, oh my god. It hit me excellently on smell, texture, and taste. Just amazing!
1	Worst cupcakes ever...especially for the price you pay.  They did not taste well, were not very big for the price you pay, and do not have that great of a variety.  Gigi's cupcakes are so much better and cost the same as cupcakes a go go.  You definitely get what you pay for at Gigi's, the variety is amazing and they are always fresh, the store is clean, and the workers are extremely nice and helpful.  I was extremely disappointed with cupcakes a go go and will never go back.  I couldn't even finish the cupcakes after taking a bite they were that gross.  And don't even think about buying them from Metcalfe's grocery store as most of them have been sitting there for a week or more.  Gross!
1	The frosting is cream cheese.  I hate cream cheese. No where on their display does it say cream cheese frosting.  It's suppose to be buttercream!!!
5	Love your minicakes!...you are NOT afraid of bold flavors and that's what we want! Such a nice and helpful young person at the counter. Also, Lemon Bars.
5	Never disappoints, always wows! I highly recommend the champagne cake pop :)
5	I helped my son move to Madison in August from Pittsburgh, and I wanted to send him something for his October birthday. I found Cupcakes-A-Go-Go online, and ordered from their website. They called back for my credit card info and to know when I actually wanted them delivered. They couldn't have been nicer, and though I had read online that they no longer delivered on Saturdays, they told me that they could do exactly that with no problem. My son was so surprised, and told me they were phenomenal AND beautiful to look at.Thanks so much!
5	We had Cupcakes a go go do our reception...very fun and professional! We have gone to them for everything!
