2	Thin crust and a bit burned on the edges. Extremely light on the sauce and 1 slice got 1/2 of a pepperoni. For 5.99 + tax=$6.49 eh average grub. Might return.
5	This place is great and I'm so glad I found it so soon!! The employees are so friendly and happy and willing to help and serve you. I am gluten-free, so when I asked for the gf crust, the lady actually asked if I wanted her to change her gloves for my allergy...that type of competence and willingness is RARE. It's only 7.99 for a make your own 11 inch pizza, which if you only get one topping is ok, but it's for unlimited toppings. So in theory you could get like all the veggies, all the seasonings, all the specialty meats and everything for only 8$...which is awesome.The flavors are great and it's a little more unique than other places (they have cool flavors and jerk seasonings and tangy seasonings, etc)I will definitely be returning and can't wait to return. It's really rare to find places that actually offer and honor and want to serve gluten free customers.THANK YOU!!Give it a try and get lots of toppings so you get more for your money :). Update: went back the next day- still great!
4	Great pizza anyway you like it, I chose traditional crust with pepperoni, roasted red peppers, bacon a slather of basil pesto and extra cheese, all for a cool $8.50 with tax...in downtown Phoenix for lunchtime eats you can't beat that.
5	Fast, casual pizza that you can customize to your liking...several different crusts, veggies, meats, and seasonings to choose from!  You can put as many different toppings on as you like all for $7.99.  The pizza is delicious!!!
3	It's pretty clean and the employees seem pretty enthusiastic when greeting everyone. I have been here twice and both times got the margherita pizza. It's good for what it is. Pretty good value...comes to about 6.49 with tax. 3 stars because both times my pizza was given to me without basil.
5	It's new, it's fresh, it's a good value, and the service is great.  What is not to love about this new Cityscape lunch spot?  One evening last week I saw that this place had just opened- seemingly out of nowhere.  The next day some coworkers and I went here and were impressed.  It's all very straightforward, you can build your own for a certain (very reasonable) price and get unlimited toppings, or you can choose from one of their pre-made pizzas.  Several others made their own 'masterpieces', but I wanted to only get my feet wet so I had the Starving Artist Marghareta.  Mine came out really good (have posted a picture of it), but I wish I had just built my own and loaded on the toppings.  One of my colleagues said he felt guilty by the amount of meats he loaded his pizza with.  Another boldly claimed that this was his new favorite lunch spot.  We took a menu and shared it with some others in the office, and I expect that we will return often.  We showed up at 11:00 and there was a healthy but fast moving line, so one might go early to avoid a longer line.  The price is right, the service is great, and I don't see how you can go wrong.
5	For $6+tax, you can get a predesigned pizza.  I've had all of them, and they are all very tasty.Or $8 and you can add whatever toppings you want.This is to pizza what Subway is to sandwhiches and Chipotle is to burritos.  Fresh ingredients, rapidly assembled, getting you out the door and eating your food within about 7 minutes of ordering or less.  For a great price.Is it the BEST pizza in the world?  No.  It's GOOD pizza though, they way you want it, served piping hot/fresh, at an incredible price.And then enjoy your pizza on the grass of cityscape, or in an outdoor chair, listening to the fountain or people watching.It's as good as it gets in terms of VALUE.
5	Really good pizza. They have a bunch of options for crust but all are crispy thin crust and you can select each ingredient you want on it.  You can make it healthy too!
5	Fantastic. Pizza was GREAT, and I can't believe the price is only $6 for a pepperoni or other standard one or $8 for one with whatever you want.
5	I came here because i thought it was a cool concept and i heard that similar places existed in California. When i found out that this place opened up across from my office i thought i would give it a try. It was amazing. I got a custom pizza and loaded up the veggies. It was huge. Enough to share but just right to be filled until dinner time. Everything was fresh and everything tasted great. I would definitely come again.
3	Play the artist and create your own pizza masterpiece...Custom designed 11" pizza for only $7.99 with as many, or few toppings as you desire, including premium ingredients like feta, goat cheese, artichokes, Kalamata olives and more....At no extra charge, including your choice of crusts.  They also have pre-designed "Starving Artist" selections for only $5.99.Being the "new kid on the block" the concept of designing your own pizza has caught on and this is one of two chains opening in the Phoenix area.  Convenience-wise this place is in a prime location and already has lines out the door at times.On my way back to the office, I grabbed a custom vegetarian pizza on a rosemary crust, to share with my co-workers.  The ingredients were fresh and tasty, and the resulting pizza was enjoyed by all, however the crust was a disappointment.  First, there was no discernible rosemary taste. Secondly, they cooked the pizza on a pan through a conveyor-belt oven, which left the bottom of the crust too soft for a pizza this thin.  Other similar chains are using fired ovens to cook your creations resulting in a crisper, tastier crust.All in all, the design your own pizza at a low price makes it worth working this place into a rotation if you are in the area and/or on a budget.  But seeing Phoenix is one of the "Top 10 Pizza Cities in America" (Tripadvisor), there are far better pies to be found in the city.
4	I work downtown and I'm a very picky eater. In fact, I don't like pizza. Let's just say that I have a short list of places where I am willing to eat. This place recently opened and my coworkers and I made plans to check it out together. To my surprise I have a place to add to my list. DELICIOUS.The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 was stars was due to chaos. With this place being new, they haven't really gotten the "flow" down. There are several stations that can help take your order but it's hard to realize that's what's going on. There are people back and forth all over the place trying to figure it all out, customers and employees. There is also not a good place to wait while they cook your pizza so everyone in passing is jamming through the people waiting. Anyhow, let's talk food. You can order on of their predetermined pizzas for a few bucks less that the "make your own". Spend your few bucks people because they have CHOICES!. Four crusts, just as many sauces and cheeses, and piles of toppings. They even have some after items like balsamic glaze. I had gotten the rosemary crust with tomato and pesto sauce. I piled it high with things like artichoke hearts, Kalamata olives, and caramelized onions. I did also go for that balsamic glaze at the end. It was all sorts of interesting and great toppings that it was almost not like pizza. I'm sure this place will get better as the workforce and its customer base get better at the ordering processes. I would definitely say that if you work downtown this is a definite "add to the rotation" place.
4	Great new concept in Cityscape!  We stopped by for lunch on Friday and were quite impressed. I love the make your own pizza concept and see that many others in the neighborhood do too.  We split an Island pizza and thoroughly enjoyed it - nice atmosphere, friendly staff, great prices and good food.  What more can you want?
5	Quite frankly we weren't expecting too much from this place but we were very impressed with our pizzas. For $7.99 you can create your pizza, it's like ordering a sub from Subway. You chose the crust, the sauce, the cheeses, and the toppings (as much as like)! What a novel concept. It doesn't take long before you are served your pipping hot pizza. Everything was so flavorful starting from the thin crust to the toppings, even the roasted corn was tasty. We'll definitely be back.
5	This place was fast and delicious! Try accommodated 15 people during the lunch hour rush- all of our pizzas were fresh and delicious- thx pizza studio!
4	Excellent gluten free choice! Fast and yummy!
4	New restaurant at city scape. First time here, I just happened to run into it coming out UO. This is my second go-round. Built my own pizza with their whole grain and flax seed crust with EVOO, feta and goat cheeses, artichoke hearts, tomatoes and chicken. Nice and healthy lunch alternative. And not too crowded like most places downtown during the lunch rush, but I'm sure that will change.
4	Nice snack pizza. Fresh ingredients, nice thin herb crust. Although my pizza maker could have given me enough toppings to fill my pizza a little better, the flavor was there and the price is right!
5	Great food. Come to North Phx Ill eat their everyday!
4	Cheap, fast and yummy!! Love this place. Been here prolly about 1/2 dozen times. I like their "Starving Artist" menu...$5.99. I either get the Veggie, Island, or Margherita...Love them all. They do have a "build it yourself" for $7.99, but I'm fine with the $5.99 pizzas. They have salad with house dressing for $2.99 and I Pepsi products. (blak!..LOL). It's not gourmet, and I'm fine with it. Perfect for a quick bite at lunchtime!!
4	Good fast pizza.  Inexpensive for "fast food" that's decent.   Whole grain flaxseed crust covered in vegetables (Caramelized onions, roasted peppers, brocolini, tomatoes, zucchini)
4	The theme is pretty hip and cool, if you will. Place is nice and clean with a bunch of friendly workers. There are plenty of options to choose from as far as what type of pizza you would like. It's similar to subway where you go through the line and can indicate what you would like on your pie. You can also pick a pizza with pre - determined ingredients if it's not one of those thinking days. I got the 11" island pizza and it was pretty good. The place was very busy but the order came out pretty quick (even with the line out the door, I was still able to order and eat in under 25 min). I also got a side salad for 2.99. I would not get the salad agian. It's not that the salad is bad, but it is nothing to write home about and the pizza is more than enough for a typical eater. I got a drink as well and the grand total was 10 bucks or so, a pretty good value. I would come back for sure.
5	Great pizza, amazingly low price, and nice people. They saved the last salad for me--that's about as much as I could ask for.
4	Pizza is just about the right size for a quick lunch, try the firecracker crust, not real spicy but has some taste to it. Only down side is crust is a little soggy for me, not a deal beaker but a little crisp to the bottom would be better.  Neat idea and pretty tastey all the way around.
5	A Quick Stop For Delicious Pizza...The next time you're on your way to a sporting event or a concert in downtown Phoenix, Pizza Studio is a brilliant choice.Thin crispy crust -- choices choices!With your choice of 5 uniquely flavored crusts as your canvas... here's your chance to tap into your inner artist.If you like a little kick in the pants, go for the Firecracker crust -- made with crushed red peppers. The rosemary herb crust offers an earthy balance. Or the Whole Grain & Flax Seed for a healthy omega boost. Lastly, it's hard to find a Gluten-Free crust that doesn't resemble cardboard --- so I was pleasantly surprised when I could hardly tell the difference between the Gluten-Free and Traditional.This ain't no Subway...While the Pizza Studio concept is similar to Subway -- in that you choose your ingredients as you go through a line -- when it comes to ingredients, Pizza Studio really stands out. The toppings are all fresh, and they come from local farmers whenever possible. Roasted broccoli, corn, and red peppers... carmelized onions, and crumbled goat cheese... REALLY? You won't find these kind of ingredients at any other "fast food" establishment.Or leave it to the pros...Maybe your creative juices aren't flowing, or maybe you're just plain "hangry" (angry-hungy). Take the simple route and enjoy one of the "Starving Artist Selections" -- they're perfectly awesome.I loved the "white pizza" for example. A rosemary crust brushed with extra virgin olive oil and piled with sweet caramelized onions, roasted red peppers, kalamata olives, freshly grated mozzarella cheese and fresh arugula. I feel the need to "customize" things... (it's a sickness) so I added the turkey fennel sausage and pepperoncinis. POW! Just the kick I was looking for.Rock on Pizza Studio... I approve!!With food and love, -Ashley
3	The positives:  it is really fast, it is at City Scape, the thin crust makes you feel less guilty about eating pizza for lunch.  Much like Gadzooks, this is the latest company to copy the Chipotle fast casual concept.  They have starving artist pricing for a select number of pies, and if you want to mix it up and customize your pizza you have a huge number of toppings to choose from.  Good for either take out back to the office or for eating there.  One warning, if you don't care for extra oil on your pizza, ask them to hold the extra coating they put on the crust.  I found it to add more grease than flavor, but when you are craving a fast pizza (there's no Little Cesar's downtown anyway) this is worth a try when you don't have the time for Piazza Locale.  The negative: is that it's hard not to finish an entire pizza at lunch and no dessert offerings.
3	For about $7 you can get a quick pizza to order for one.  Interesting flavors, many options.  My first attempt was a bit salty (whole wheat with flax seed, pesto, mozz, all meats and truffle salt).  it is what it is, a hip quick pizza solution while downtown.  Nothing more, nothing less.
5	I love pizza. If I had to eat one food everyday for the rest of my life, pizza would be my choice! And for $8, Pizza Studio served up the best pie I ever tasted. I don't eat meat, so I put together a veggie masterpiece with tomatoes, mushrooms, mozzarella, caramelized onions, crushed garlic, olives and roasted red peppers topped with goat cheese and a pinch of truffle salt. The sauce was a blend of tomato and basil pesto on a firecracker crust. Service was fast and friendly even during the weekday lunch rush. I think I'm in love...
4	Stopped by for a quick bite to eat before the Dbacks game and was surprised by how cheap and delicious the pizza was! I will definitely be back for more and have already told some friend how good it was. The only thing is that I wish they served bottled beer or margs like chipotle...haha. But yeah make a stop, your wallet and tummy will be satisfied:) It was $5.99 for their regular topping pizzas and 7.99 for specialty ones. I had the Hawaiian pizza that was only $5.99!
5	I love this place. It's like the Chipotle of Pizza. You order what kind of bread you want (regular, wheat, gluten free and some others) and you pick your toppings and everything. I loved this place so much because I can't eat bread all of the time...and since they had gluten free options just made things so much more easy for me. I hope this place ends up in very major city in the country so I can enjoy it anywhere I go. It was awesome.
3	Fast service, friendly people,  pizza was OK nothing special taste kinda like pizza hut to be honest.  Good for a quick meal though
4	Stopped in here yesterday evening because I was curious as to the set-up since it looked identical to something I saw in Memphis. The service is moderate not fast, but the people are friendly and help you out. Everything is laid out in front of you which is dope... Loved the minced garlic and basil! $10 for an 11 inch pepperoni and bacon with drink, good bet I'll be back through here soon!
4	Very good thin crust (only) pizza! 5-'Starving Artist' choices- $5.99! Extensive variety of unlimited toppings- only $7.99. These are 12" pizzas. Fresh ingredients, nice clean place in City Scape. Thin crust allows for for fast cooking times. Local art (for sale) adorns the walls. I like the price, the pizza and it is convenient for downtown Phoenix. Try it if you get a chance
4	Any pizza is a personal pizza is try hard and believe in yourself. That's the motto at most places because the personal ones are too small and the small are just a little too big for one. Here at Pizza Studio, perfect size for one and you don't leave hungry or embarrassed that you just ate a WHOLE pizza.The starving artist pizza is usually my go to. Simple, easy, quick and best bang for your buck. But if you're willing to fork over a few extra bucks and customize your own, you can add as many toppings as you'd like.Don't take my word for it but try it for yourself. Great place for lunch if you work downtown and are sick and tired of Jimmy Johns and Chipotle.
5	Fresh ingredients and an amazing selection of crusts, sauces & toppings to create your very own masterpiece and be eating it in less than 5 minutes!   Friendly and helpful staff and clean and inviting setting.  11" pizza was an ideal size for lunch and great value at $7.99.Very impressed and I cannot wait to go back!
4	Great little place at CityScape. Simple menu. Subway-style build your own pizza and it cooks in minutes before you. While you wait, the artwork on display is a nice concept, as you realize the art is actually for sale by local artists in need. Dining here is a great spot for a good pie and to enjoy and even purchase some artwork if you're in the market.
5	I love speed and convenience here.  My favorite pizza is off the Starving Artist menu is the island pizza.  The Margherita pizza is good too.  There is also the option to create your own pizza with unlimited toppings for 2 dollars more, but the one time I did that I didn't like it very much.  Too many toppings proved to be overwhelming so I recommend trying one from the starving artists menu if it is your first time since the combinations are tried and true.
5	I've been to Pizza Studio several times now and I can't believe I haven't written a review yet...  The first time I went in I wasn't sure how things worked, but the employees gave a quick intro.  It doesn't take long to realize though that the place pretty much runs like a Subway but for pizza.The ingredients are fresh and the pricing is very reasonable.  You can get your own personalized pizza and a drink for around $10.  The line always moves quickly and the pizza doesn't take more than a few minutes to bake.  The crust bakes perfectly every time...a nice think crust that is perfectly crispy around the edges.This is a must try for a good lunch downtown!
4	Yummy pizza and great service! Great options for those who love speciality and more classic 'za!
4	Pizza Studio is a great addition to the 'build your own/unlimited topping pizza' movement that seems to be sweeping Phoenix (or maybe the country... or maybe the WORLD!). The service here was great, very friendly and helpful. The concept (like many others in town) is you choose your crust, sauce, cheese, and toppings on your own personal pizza (11 inch thin crust). They have many options and seemingly limitless combos you can make. I had the rosemary herb crust with tomato and pesto sauces, mozz and goat cheese, garlic, tomatoes, roasted onion, roasted zucchini, bacon, basil, and arugula. It was extremely tasty and delivered to my table within 5 minutes. Also, it only cost 8$... and I brought half home... so a pretty great deal. How does it compare to other build your own joints in town? I would say much better than Fired Pie (both in flavor and selection) but not as good as My Pie (the one owned by Crust) which I thought had better overall flavor and gets points for being locally owned. Now, I would probably frequent Studio more than My Pie based on proximity to me. Regardless, if you're in the downtown area and feel like some quality personal pizza (and not some crappy Totino's), head to Pizza Studio!PS They do validate parking for 2 hoursPPS it's super weird that they don't have a phone so no calling this restaurant with questions... odd stuff.
5	Love their flaxseed and whole grain crust! It doesn't puff up as much as the traditional one does, but the seeds offer a really satisfying bite. I also love their unlimited toppings for $7.99. It's a really good deal, and you can always ask for extra servings of whatever you like. They even had roasted zucchini along with a solid variety of meat. It's super customizable, so you should be able to pick a combo you like.The portions are perfect - one individual pizza was filling but not sickeningly so. Definitely recommend this place for a quick and cheap meal.
1	The whole concept is similar to another pizza place I like however this one didn't do well in the department of putting ingredients on the pizza. Not sure if it's supposed to be like this or if the pool girl just didn't receive proper training.  I ordered the buffalo chicken pizza. She barely put any sauce or cheese on the pizza nor did she put any chicken or basil. It was as if she was suffering an economic downturn by putting scraps of ingredients on the pizza. No good! Where did the ingredients go???  Unfortunately it was disappointing and starved of the actual main ingredients. :/
3	The first time I went here, it had just recently opened, and apparently something was broken, because it took 30 minutes to get my pizza.  I decided to wait a while and give it another try.  The second time it was much quicker, and good, not anything to write home about, but the price of $4.99 is very reasonable for downtown.  Third time it was still relatively quick, but I noticed a visible difference between my pizza and my friend's pizza as far as toppings (we both ordered the veggie).  Her toppings were barely visible, mine had more, but I specifically asked to throw on a few more mushrooms, and my pizza maker complied.  The fourth and last time we visited, we both received VERY sparse toppings (less than before), and we both asked for more of the veggies, to at least, you know, cover SOME of the pizza (seriously, I think I got maybe 10 very very thin slices of mushrooms).  My friend's pizza maker was rather rude and said no very abruptly, and then added, if you want more veggies you need to get the unlimited toppings price at $7.99.  My pizza maker was nicer, but essentially said the same thing.  No thanks.  It was a nice idea for something cheap and quick, but will spend my $3 more elsewhere where the food is better.
4	If in town and looking for a good pie, look no further.  It isn't the best I have ever has but it's very good.  They have a order as you go style system and the staff was real good about explaining the different options. First the crust, I got the firecracker, which is traditional with spice. (Great) The sauce, tomato base with a touch of garlic, followed by some vegetables and all the meats.  My version of the supreme and I would eat it again.  However, because they have so many different choices I would create another masterpiece and bet it would be equally tasty.  All in all if with your family or alone it is affordable and gives everyone the opportunity to make what they want with the cleanup.
4	LOVE this concept of a create-your-own pizza place, similar to like Subway, where you go down the row & tell them what you want on your pizza!  I really like that there is NO add'l cost for add'l toppings!!!  ....I've also been to FIRED PIE Pizza at Park Central Mall, which is the same concept, & if I were to compare the 2 places, I would pick FIRED PIE over Pizza Studio.... I felt that the toppings were skimpy at Pizza Studio vs. FIRED PIE, which seemed more hearty. Also, FIRED PIE has a better Pesto Sauce vs. Pizza Studio.  - MC
5	Oh wow, yummy! My husband brought me home his left over pizza last night and even with reheating it the taste was fabulous! It has mozzarella, bacon, pineapple and onions with parmesian on top. I can taste the difference with fresh ingredients and now I'm craving more!
1	So nothing gets me more mad then a struggle to get to the business itself. I can easily get over it once i am there and the service and food are worth it. This place is on a normal day and night is one of those places that is worth going the extra mile to eat there. Luckly for this night i was across the street at a phoenix suns preseason game. Since the game was a blow out and it was only a preseason game i decide to leave early to go across the street and enjoy some delicious pizza. It was a Tuesday night and i looked up what time this location closes. The website said 9 on this particular night. I decided to leave the game at 835 since it should only take ten minutes to walk across the street. As i leave the game early with a friend who i am telling it will be worth his time the pizza is amazing and we cross the street we finally make it. As i approach the location i look at my phone to make sure we made it in time its 850. Right before we walk in my friend says "it looks closed." We walk in and the doors are still open as they should be there is still ten minutes in there business day.  As i approach the counter the girl says oh we are closed. I asked her why if the business hours are till nine. She told me because the business was dead and nobody was coming in. She said sorry and proceeded to clean behind the register. As me and my friend leave and walk back to are car we are so mad. I vow never to return to this location if u don't understand common business and how to serve the public professionally. I will also never recommend this location as u never know what you are going to get. Don't have business hours if you are not going to go by them.
5	I go here every chance I get! It's great pizza for a cheap piece, how can you beat that?! Not much more to say about it.
4	I really enjoy the clean shop & the helpful staff. Good place for a bite Downtown.
4	Pizza was phenomenal. We walked in, picked absolutely anything we wanted on our pizza and it was done within 5 minutes.
5	This is a pizza that is set up like Subway you can have it your way really fast and really good several types of toppings several types of crust several types of sauces all fresh and delicious reasonable prices
