5	Nobody knew where this place was because it was the 4th night it's been in business when we dined here. So tip from the Palms casino - make a right and head straight down, as if you were exiting to the parking lot. There will be a dark entrance with an obscure sign that says "Palms Place" to the left of the glass doors, go through there, take several escalators up, follow signs to Simon Restaurant, and prepare to have the best meal of your life. It was a company dinner, so it didn't hurt that my boss knows the owner of the restaurant (Elizabeth) and had every appetizer on the menu brought to our table, on the house. We also had a wonderful bottle of Pinot Noir from Santa Barbara County, recommended by the sommelier. Unforgettable sushi, tender steak entrees, and for dessert - what I will always remember as an "amusement park on a platter" - cookies, rice krispy treats, cupcakes, brownies, cotton candy, caramel popcorn, vanilla latte, on and on in a whirl of happiness. Of course, the interior space and decoration is hip and beautiful. Book this place EARLY.
5	We ate here multiple times this past weekend. The food is really good and the service was excellent. Really friendly staff by the pool (we didn't eat in the actual restaurant).I recommend the breakfast wrap and beef tenderloin sandwich. So so good.
3	I attended Simon's restaurant when it was at the Hardrock......alas it has moved.  Begun by my buddy's $25 shot of Patron Platinum (following a $30 OpusX cigar earlier at Shadowbar) everything at Simon was good but overpriced for the quality.  The one shining aspect of the meal was the AMAZING breadbowl, however, featuring homemade cheeze-its, buttermilk biscuits, handmade pretzels, and zucchini bread.For my meal I had the Cali Pizza (Toro, Crab, Avocado, Daikon, Endive, Soy) and 4-cheese saffron truffle mac n' cheese.  Simon states this is the best Mac n' Cheese in the world but I've had better at Michael Mina's Bourbon Steak, Emeril's Fishhouse, and M at Miranova.For dessert?  The junkfood platter with gourmet versions of a hostess cupcake, snowball, ricecrispy treats, and a chocolate shake.  Cute, but essentially just sugary.My friend loved his steak and chocolate cake.The highlight of the meal, however, was the hostess in the leather apron.....yowzaz.
2	my boyfriend & I ordered the Steak Frites from the "sunset menu".  Our steak was overcooked, fries were OK.  And, drinks are expensive.  We sat at the bar, but the bartender wasn't that friendly until she gave us the bill.  The restaurant has a nice view of the pool, though.
4	This a very eclectic place. Funky, casual, fun and really good food. I had Sushi(salmon and Eel) for an Appetizer and Tandoori Arctic Char for my Entree. How cool is that? Japanese and Indian on the same menu!The Sushi was simply presented (2 pieces of each), wonderfully fresh and very tasty.I ordered a cup of Sake to go with the sushi, that was served in an overflowing cup. My server told me that this was to symbolize luck and abundance!The Arctic Char was served with Herbed Cous Cous. Another fun melding of cultures. The fish was perfectly cooked and the Tandoori spices enhanced its flavor. Since I still had Sake left, I did not order wine.My server then informed me that he and the manager were going to buy me dessert. I am not sure why, because everything was great. either I was just lucky or it was because I was seated in a room that had both a birthday and Bachelorette Party going on. Anyway, I had the Peach Pie with Creme Fraiche Ice Cream. It was served in a bowl and was HUGE! The top crust was tender and very buttery. The peaches were fresh and sweet and the ice cream was interestingly tangy. Not something I expect from Ice Cream, but very good!I was surprised to see such negative reviews because I have always had great experiences at Chef Simon's restaurants.  Maybe I am just lucky!
2	What a major disappointment.  I always thought the old Simon at the Hard Rock was kind of unimpressive, so I was convinced that the new Simon would definitely be an improvement.  Wrong.They really missed the mark on this one.  The space is beautiful, I will give them that.  A very chic and clean ambiance, while you dine poolside and check out the view of the Palms fantasy tower.The positives pretty much end there.  The fact of the matter is that their food sucks.  Period.  We ordered the crispy creamy rock shrimp, the garganelli pasta with lobster, clams and peas and the chicken curry.  The rock shrimp were mediocre.  Not bad, but not good.  Somewhat soggy.  Our entrees, however, both sucked hardcore.  My pasta had a somewhat sweet flavor, and I felt like the lobster use was stingy in addition to being overcooked.  And, the pasta was not al dente at all-it was actually falling apart.  My friend's entree was straight up bad.  The curry was way to thin and liquidy, and the chicken was dry and overcooked.  We ended up sending that dish back, and the friendly busser told us that most customers don't like that dish in particular, in addition to my pasta as well.  She was surprised I didn't send the garganelli back too. I'd also like to mention that the bread bowl that I had been looking forward to all day was disappointing as well!  The old Simon had MUCH better, fresher bread varietals.  The pretzel bread was dry and stale, and all the other breads were "eh", and COLD.In addition to the mediocre food, both me and my friend thought the attractive female bartender was rude and bitchy.  And, don't be fooled my friends, the Pineapple Mojito made with "fresh pineapple" is NOT actually made with fresh pineapple but canned pineapple juice.  Bleh.  I will mention that our server was extremely friendly and put up with my high maintenance bullshit very well.  Props to him.Go back to what you were doing before, Kerry Simon.  Cause this definitely 'aint an improvement.  Will not be back unless there are some mayjah changes with the menu.
1	Worst damn restaurant on the Vegas Strip, hands down.So I go there for a business meeting with a group. A corporation is paying so we usually get the best food and service. Not here.We sampled over 8 main courses on the menu. All of them were very sub par and cooked/prepared poorly. The service was slow, we could never get refills despite having 3 servers dedicated to our room. Half of the dishes were cold by the time they delivered them. The decor was cheesy and poorly done. A futile attempt at class and modern sophistication designed bya high school level idiot. They have a pool just outside on the patio, doesnt quite make sense to me but whatever.  And to top it off I got a look at the check, way overpriced for bad food and service.Ok Im a big dessert fan. I judge restaurants by their desserts.  So when we get finished with the crappy food. I figure, at least some sugary treat will improve my opinion of the place. These jokers bring out a tray full of cotton candy, rice-krispy treats, stale donuts, and hot pink sno-balls. Artery clogging shit I could buy at 7-11.  Not one hand made goody on the plate. The only good thing about the place was the hostess and her impressive cleavage. Even this isnt enough to get me to return for seconds. Simon is soon to be a Vegas dive bar and will likely disappear in a year or two.
3	Love to!  We stayed here on our last night this past Labor Day weekend.  The Restaurant itself was okay.  I'd go back again, but nothing really excited me.  That was the day we checked in while we were waiting for our room to be ready.The next day, while chilling in our poolside cabana (it was an awesome internet deal), we ordered Simon's breakfast sandwich, frites, and turkey chop-chop salad.  YUM!  Hit the spot alright.  Hope to catch another bomb deal from them next year.
4	OK granted, I didn't really eat anything other than sushi, but I really liked my dinner at Simon.  Fresh fish, good creative sushi - checkAbsolutely beautiful setting - checkwarm vibe - checkapproachable, friendly, celebrity chef - checkgreat service - checkI'd say give Simon a go!  (the restaurant, not the chef, I mean!!!)
3	Came here with a party of eight on a Sunday night.  Tried many different things - with generally ho - hum results.  Seared tuna was cooked through and had to be taken back.  Cute restaurant guy called it "a tragedy", which was cute.  He comped the recooked plate, which was nice.  Carpaccio pizza was good but the taste of the tiny pieces of beef was lost in the arrugula and blue cheese and crust.  Steamed veggies were pathetically dry, plain and boring. Meatloaf was yummy and satisfying.  Chicken was fine - not that special.  It was chicken.Calamari had a major scary fishy taste and was basically inedible.sushi was good.  Service pretty much sucked.  Bread basket was steller.  One could be very happy with just a bowl of soup and a basket of bread.  Oh - and the meatloaf.   Staff comped a  dessert of a GIANT cloud of peppermint cotton candy for the table.  It was kind of mystifying, but fun in its own way.
5	I would fly to Vegas just for Simon's bread basket and steamed veggies.  But I'm not like many of Vegas' visitors. I love high quality food served lovingly without preservatives, artificial flavors, or by women in hot shorts.  I want to eat food that's real in a place that inspires me.  --That's why every time I fly to Vegas, I eat at Simon.You could eat healthy at Simon and walk away stuffed.  I'm not a steamed veggies fan, but Simon's vegetable basket is beautiful and divine; steamed vegetables penetrated by the aroma of lemongrass. A vegetable sushi roll was reasonably sized and stuffed with avacado, veggies, and a good hint of shiso.  The curries satisfy, as do the pumpkin soup and pizzas.  Plenty of dishes on the menu for everyone; vegetarians, vegans, meat-eaters, even the gluten-adverse could find food here.  And everything we ordered (over two nights) was delish.Service was friendly, timely, and helpful.  At a server's suggestion, my friend ordered a blueberry blush martini, and I got my favorite, the brown sugar martini (with a hint of pineapple in it).  Neither were too sweet, just "Omygod!" amazing. Don't even get me started on the bread basket (which, if not warm, request it to be---they almost always serve it warm).  I've ordered a bread basket to go after eating there.Finally, you won't have room for dessert, but just eat it anyway.  From the gently glowing orb of cotton candy to the incredible milk shakes or brownies, Simon knows how to turn kiddo comfort foods into delightful desserts for adults.The ambiance, the food, the service, they're all here at Simon, and it boggles my mind why previous posters couldn't see that when they visited.  Perhaps they'd be happier at Paris Hotel's "Le Burger Brasserie and Grille."
2	Let me preface by saying that I'm always willing to spend good money for good food. I'm patient, and I'm willing to look past the minor details most people would complain about. But even with that kind of leniency, all for the sake of food, Simon was still a disappointment.First, our waitress filled our water glasses with Fiji water without giving us any other options, had the busboy top us off after every sip (which would normally be a good thing), only to later tell us after we asked that it was $9 a bottle (which makes it a bad thing). Second, the entrees were okay. I think our prepartying and the expensive water tricked us into thinking the food was better than it really was. The curries weren't anything spectacular, the meatloaf was meatloaf, and the pasta was okay. Third, when we asked for boxes, our waitress paused for a few seconds while looking at our food and said, "...sssuuurrreee..."Even with a less-than-sensational review like this, there were a few plusses: 1, the edamame was the best I've ever had - lightly grilled and seasoned with sea salt and other spices, 2, the calamari turned a standard appetizer into something tastier - the lime, salt and spices made the perfectly fried calamari delicious, and 3, the tiger roll was pretty damn good. But good appetizers don't make a worthy restaurant experience. The ambiance is warm, the design is modern, the view of the outdoor pool is gorgeous and the trip there is a trip in itself. But other than that, it wasn't worth it.
1	Ugh. This was definitely a disappointing experience. Not every meal has to be five stars but for the price, it better be edible, and several of our items were not. Like the poster previous, I have to say that the edamame was the absolute best I have ever eaten, and the bread basket lives up to its reputation. But the entrees were an absolute disaster, as well as the appetizers. The calamari was spongy and served inexplicably with a soy dipping sauce that did nothing for the calamari. The pizza on flatbread could have been good but was completely overloaded with competing flavors. The meatloaf was very tasty, but there was nothing special about it other than it was exactly what you'd expect from meatloaf. All in all, it was the most expensive meal I had in Las Vegas, by at least 50%, and easily the absolute worst.
2	We went for a business lunch... looking for something near the office that had "lunchy" sort of food (ie we didn't want steaks for lunch!). The menu looked decent so we gave it a go..I got the grilled cheese (with bacon) and some tomato soup. Tomato soup was just ok. The grilled cheese straight up sucked. The bacon was AWFUL. Not crisp.. not chewy.. just kinda like a brick honestly. Weirdly colored and not tasty. All the cheese was oily. How do you mess up a grilled cheese??? WTF.Another diner got the cuban sandwich... he pulled off the ham because it was so chewy and gross. See a theme here people? Subpar meat/ingredients.. at $15 or whatever for a sandwich these should be primo ingredients!Service was *eh*.. one diner went without a drink refill for his entire lunch.. we finally had to flag someone down to fill his empty water. Kind of silly. +1 star for atmosphere. I did think the restaurant was beautiful.
3	Got the spicy yellow tail sushi. Good. Got the spicy tuna sushi. Spicy and good. Got the tiger roll. Not bad.Also ordered a sake but mistakenly ordered the sparkling sake kind (I was tricked I tell you!) which was tasty but did not really do what I wanted it to do. The pool is really beautiful at night. Has a fireplace and looks incredible from your seat. The waiter wasn't bad and all in all it was okay. It's pretty loud in here too so I wouldn't bring a group. You won't hear any of them.
5	customer service  - excellent presentation  - excellentatmosphere  - superiortaste  - excellentOne of my FAVORITE places ever!! I got to admit I am a little favorably bias because when I met my boyfriend he worked here as a server and his sister is a pastry chef here.... but HONEST-to-goodness I really do love everything I have ever ordered from here regardless. When it was at hardrock is was just as good but now at the palms it's more spacious and beautiful inside. I love the fireplace area!!Even when we where low on cash my friend and I would come in an just order the french fries (best french fries ever!) Order them with truffle sauce it makes all the difference! Also the shrimp cocktail was one of our favorite just for a snack before going out on the town or whatever.For dinner-I highly recommend the lamb porterhouse, the bison (if they have it sense it's special), or the bamboo steamed fish (which we always ask for halibut and I personally don't care for bok choy so I get spinach instead). They have a new drink there that is SO good I forgot the name but it's a martini which I asked for on the rocks- but was really tangy and delicious! The beef carpaccio is one of the best I've ever had! Endive Salad is really good, I love the point reyes blue cheese! As far as desserts go I know they almost always have special desserts- I'll post a few pictures. One the I really loved and sounded strange at first but was so savory-sweet... was the a caramel popcorn icecream. Not sure if they'll have it as a staple but I hope so! The cotton candy is free and fun to eat with friends, goes to show Kerry Simon has a great sense of humor. Okay one more lovely thing to say- the sushi is also really great and the bar is ultra romantic, great idea for a date night... I'll post some pictures of that as well!
2	Now if your looking to dine in a restaurant purely for the design and ambiance you came to the right place.  However when it comes to the food you would be best to dine elsewhere.  I really feel that Kerry Simon is a very over rated chef, most entrees were bland to lackluster at best.  I now find my self going there often for drinks because of the poolside ambiance and then going elsewhere to dine.  Kerry Simon is known for his cotton candy and junk food dessert platter but when you think of it all that really is just some cheap gimmick because when it comes down to the main course he just doesn't deliver. It's really unfortunate because it is a beautiful restaurant.
5	"Sunday Brunch" review:So after reading some articles about the brunch here, had to try it.... and try it we did.  Make reservations, pajamis are the attire...While waiting to be seated, head over to the bar and get the all you can drink bloody mary buffet bar.  It has a full array of pickled veggies, pepperoncinis (a must), a dozen hot sauces, beef jerky?, wasabi, horseradish, celery salt, few jars of idunnowutitis, and of course full length celery stalks.  For $7, it's a deal....I could only put down 3 cuz my belly was gonna pop from all the foood.Here's the low down on the food:Chicken n waaaffles- chik was ok, but the waffles....yummmm, light, crispy, tasty w/ whipped butter slathered all over n maple syrupBiskits n gravy- ooooooh, arteries were cloggin while eatin, gravy was soooooo good n tasty, I ate half a biskit n all the gravy like it was crack cocaine....I was gonna lick the plate, but didn't go there....BBQ ribs- not badd, not great either, coleslaw was yawwwwwwn.... my ribs are better and my coleslaw too.....veered off track here with ribsIf you see a pattern here it's cuz the above items are from the "white trash" section o the menu....Peel n eat shrimp- these were BIG, no skimping here, marinated in onions, celery, seasonins with a cocktail/remulade sauce w/ a kick, I'd have to say one o the better chilled shrimp/prawn i've had, ate 2 platters o these..... couldn't stopSushi-  the crispy sesame thingys that everybody talks about were a let down, too hard/crispy....maybe a bad batch but I didn't have room in my belly to retry... hamachi was the best, spicy tuna was good, sake ok.  but i didn't come for the sushiEggs benedict-  not my favorite, but it was good....the hash browns on the side...WOW! the BEST hb i ever tasted?  It was sooo tasty n crunchy n tasty... i waant some now...Smoked salmon w/ capers n cream cheese n bagel-  well.... Smoked salmon w/ capers n cream cheese n bagelPigs in a blanket- lil dawgs wrapped in flaky pastry, like a dozen o them dawggies w/ ketchup n spicy mustard, could not finish....gettin stuffedFruit smoothies-  oh soo good with i can't remember how many berries, i had 2 myself, but they say "you are what u eat" so i try not to consume too much "fruity" or 'nutty" itemsSimon French toast-  the "STAR" of the menu.... I'm not a sweets guy but this could convert me... Frosted Flakes crusted brioche? Yes, it was delicioso... soft n crunchy, sweet n tasty, it was the ying n yang of the breakfast world....and there is still more on the menu, just could not eat anymore.... breakfast pizzas, panninis', custom omelets, yaddayadddaaaaa....For $38, it's a great experience.... nice setting overlooking the pool, fireplace (must be nice in the summer) brunch poolside would be kool, staff is attentive in PJ's, lots of patrons in PJ's too, some in lingerie, i didn't see that on the menu....he he heSo give it a try.....have not had dinner yet but the Brunch is definitely a winner.... so if Brunch is between Breakfast and Lunch, what is between Lunch and Dinner?  Is it Linner?  Lunner?  Luncher?til next time, good Brunching.....
4	Sunday Brunch was amazing. They had a great mix of the classic breakfast items with a twist that you can order off the menu (frosted flake french toast) and then a made to order bar for things like fruit, smoothies, sandwiches, sushi, etc. We were stuffed but left room for the dessert tray which is a must. We want to go back in the Spring when it's a little nicer outside and we can enjoy a whole new atmosphere. We saw Kerry Simon going around from table to table, which was nice, because you don't get that too often in Vegas. Definitely would recommend for Sunday brunch, I will be back in the Spring!
4	After hearing all the hype, I was finally able to go eat at Simon's for some good eats! I was there for lunch, so next time I'll be in for dinner.  First, the decor and atmosphere was pretty cool. You're right next to the pool. Anything table is a good table here! Secondly, the food was pretty good. Not too bad. Since I've only been here during the day, the limited lunch menu consisted of the typical light fare...Sushi, various sandwiches, and salads. I had the turkey melt with fries, as some in my group enjoyed the soup and sandwich combo. Lastly, service was great! Enough said, very professional and attentive without being too pushy.   Just what you'd expect from a place like this. I have to check out the dinner menu when I get a chance, until then, it seems like a place that serves American classics with a twist! Enjoy!
5	For my birthday this year (March22) I decided that instead of doing a traditional dinner out I would like to do something a little bit different. That is when I decided Sunday brunch at Simon's would be a perfect new experience! I made reservations on Open Table three weeks prior (first time doing so...very easy). We arrived at Simon's right on time for our 12:30 reservation and we were told that it would be a few extra minutes until our table was ready. We didn't mind because we figured its pretty difficult to facilitate reservation times for an all you can eat buffet. After all, we were a party of two and we ended up staying for 2 hours! We finally were sat about ten minutes later by the hostess decked out in a men's dress shirt and high heels (adorable!). It was really crowded and a bit loud. The weather was terrible that day so I would imagine that normally they have the sliding doors wide open and it isn't as loud. Our server was pleasant (and wearing PJ's) and showed us the menu we could order off of in addition to the items on the buffet line. She took our  drink order. I decided to get the all you can drink mimosas ($16). I was a little disappointed when she said they were out of Bellini's that day. My fiance ordered the all you can drink bloody marys ($7) from the bloody mary bar. After our drink arrived I went to the buffet and the chef cut a huge plate of mixed fresh, juicy fruit up for me. Very fresh...enough for the two of us and we picked at the fruit plate the entire meal. The chef also made me a fresh fruit smoothie...so delicious! We ordered from the menu the french toast and the chicken and waffles first. Loved the french toast!! It turned out to be my favorite thing we ate that day....so sweet...and encrusted in corn flakes. The waffles were good too and my fiance enjoyed the chicken. My fiance then went up to the panini buffet and had a homemade panini made....good nothing crazy though. We then ordered from the menu the ribs from the "white trash" section of the menu...and a margherita pizza (we were there for two hours, OK! its a buffet...you have to pig out!) The pizza was very good. And after all was said and done....our dessert arrived....THE JUNK FOOD PLATTER!! Amazing!!! cotton candy, caramel popcorn, rice krispy treats, cookies, coconut puffs, brownie....yummy!The whole experience was awesome and we can't for another special occasion to go back. (oh yes...its pricey for breakfast....$38 per person plus drinks) It was worth it! Looking back there are so many more things that were offered on both the buffet and the menu that I would like to try, I just didn't have room for it all that day!
4	Had brunch there this past sunday with my fiance (just so happened to be Mother's Day too)...  I loved it!  I thought it was a great idea- all of the choices of food were excellent, it was easy, fun, great vibe and atmosphere.  I'm definately going to go back.  I wish I would have brought my bathing suit, b/c you can chill by the pool after and if you get the all you can drink Bloody Marys or the Mimosas, you can just stay there all day and enjoy the libations ...  definately worth checking out.
4	I know not many ppl know about this place or venture all the way out here, but the restaurant /pool side is pretty neat, will upload some pics later. -- not too bad if you are with a group of friends, wants to go to a chic place that has no cover and just lounge around besides a nicely lit pool at night... no crowds either. will drop by again next time I am in Vegas.   ^_^
1	This restaurant is way over rated by its glamourized billboards and advertising.  If you're looking for great food, you will be disappointed with Simon's restaurant.  It's a confused japanese fusion/American cuisine restaurant.  It's overpriced for the quality of food they serve.  To top it off, service and management there is disastrous!  They will try to upsell you without you even knowing it...until you see your bill.  If you're out looking for quality sushis, go to shibuya..fantastic steaks, go to 9Nine steakhouse, American dining, then go to Nobhill Tavern.  Stay away from these so called "celebrity chef" defined restaurants! You'll be wasting away your money and walk away unhappy!
4	Came here before a concert. Restaurant had a great view of Palms Place pool.  My of a grouper and I had the lamb chops.  Both dishes were great.  My portion size was big......3 large chops.  Very tender and delicious. Sushi was ok. We share the lemon cheesecake....i wish it had more lemon flavor.  It was a good dinner overall.
4	I came out to Vegas on an extraction mission... to bring my buddies from NYC safely back to LA in one piece with their wallets and dignity in tact.  Every mission is not without it's distractions however.  On this Sunday morning, that distraction would be the swank and posh Simon restaurant at the Palms.For around $35, you can get an all you can eat buffet with eggs, comfort food, sushi rolls, paninis, and juice bar.  For about $10 more, you can have all you can drink bloody mary or champagne bevies.Ok - let's be honest.  The food is just decent... not amazing.  Depending on what you order, sometimes it's disappointing.  (you can break a tooth on the fried chicken for example.)  But you can have a lot of it.  So if you're coming here just for food, maybe you should try something else.  The service was good however... Our waiter did a great job keeping up with Chris.  That boy can eat... and eat... and eat...  AND this is a great spot to chillax and people watch on a Sunday.  There's a beautiful pool next to the restaurant that's open to the restaurant guests.  It's not a mob scene like it is at the Hard Rock.  It's mellow.  You can set your unlimited bloody mary drinks down on a piece of furniture inside the pool and cool down from the triple digit heat.Needless to say, the extraction mission took longer than I thought it would.  Good thing brunch as Simon ends at 4pm.
2	Pure Eyecandy. The 2 is for Brunch. I say a 4 if ordering off the menu. I had Brunch the food was bland, flavorless, boring. Please believe I ate almost everything they had to offer for brunch however based on the flavor of the food I felt ripped off. It was just completely unsatisfying . However service is great, the atmosphere is beautiful and the people sexy. It's $38 for brunch plus $10 for unlimited Bloody Mary's. Eat here for lunch or dinner order off the menu. Every time I have ordered off of the menu I have had a good meal and the flavor is excellent.
2	Lazy service, overpriced food.  OK only if you want to pool-watch.  Better food at the same price point is available at Cafe Society at Encore for breakfast or brunch.
4	The food is really good here, fresh, healthy and lovely. The decor is very cool and slickly designed.The service is, um, laid back, lets say....we had breakfast on Saturday morning and brunch Sunday.The Saturday breakfast consisted of an egg white omelette and a fruit plate, which we shared, coffee and tea. Sunday brunch was the all-you-can-eat / drink thing. Insane for sure, but for $45 or whatever, it was awesome. We enjoyed it while lounging by the pool.
1	Wow Simon....You suck!This was my fourth visit to Simon, first two times were excellent, third was ok, my fourth and final visit was abysmal. I will never be back. I heard they were having staffing issues, they lost their GM, cooks, sushi chefs after visiting this Monday all you can do is feel sorry for the owners/investors.I walk in to a restaurant with one table sat and a bar with about 10-15 people. Its 9:45 and the restaurant is open till...not 10 but 11 o' clock. Where is the hostess? Any servers here? Oh wait here is a busboy, Me: Hi we would like a table for two pleaseBusboy: Do you have a reservation?Me No we don't, just walking inBusboy: Oh ok, hold onBusboy disappears, we wait for five minutes then we decide to leave. What I find rather comical is that as we are walking out a cook/chef comes out of some side door by the host stand and say's "thank you guys." No cook/chef/host thank you....for nothing!!! LOLThe fact that the restaurant is getting progressively worse from visit to visit tells me it might be time to pack it up.
4	Went for Sunday brunch. Food was pretty good and decently priced for all you can eat $38. Server was nice and attentive. Not my favorite place in Vegsa so far. But pretty darn decent.
3	The poolside view somehow made the hyperinflated prices ok...Went 2 days in a row for breakfast.  The Western Omlette gets the basic job done but the Smoked Salmon & eggs is really good. Their signature French Toast topped them both.  Despite paying dinner prices for breakfast ($40pp), the service and view makes it a "go to" place for some good breakfast.
5	Those 5 stars are really about targeting a mean of 4, which is probably a minor Yelp party foul, but this place needs a little more love from the power user community.What Simon is perfect for is a light lunch (read: you're not eating a mountain of eggs and bacon just to fall back asleep) when you want to get away from the fray. Natural light glances off the private pool and pours in through the floor-to-ceiling glass windows. Like Palms Place as a whole, the decor lacks any of the cheeziness common to the rest of LV, including the rest of the Palms. It feels serene and secluded. The cobb salad exemplifies the purist, hyper-modern approach: the ingredients are presented completely segregated.If you want to get a feel for the vibe and have patience for poorly executed ajax implementations, check out http://www.simonatpalmsplace.com/The first time I ever came here was to meet up with Big Nick (facebook.com/lasvegasvip). He said was having brunch with 20 NFL players. Not knowing how small the restaurant is, I asked him how I'd find where he was sitting. It turns out it's not hard to figure out which table has 20 NFL players at it.
5	I came here for my birthday dinner... It was early evening Saturday, so there was no wait and we just ate at the bar with a view of the pool to my left. The waitstaff was super friendly, attentive and helpful. She even took the time to describe in detail how things were prepared. We ordered two sushi rolls (spider and philly and edamame)...it was all great. But the edamame is really superb. Really. They even gave us complimentary birthday shots...what more can a girl ask for? Oh yeah...the meal was free because I was staying at the hotel and I was given a $50 credit to the restaurant. Awesome.
3	Ordered Simon's for room service for "linner" - a.k.a. lunch + dinner. 3 people for over $130. WHOA!  What the hell are we eating? 24 karat gold bread with a side of platinum laced butter and water from Fiji with diamond ice cubes?? I mean, it was "good"..but not $130 good. We didn't really get anything fancy either to merit that amount of cash. I do have to admit, the truffle mac & cheese was dyno-mite. Everything else was pretty forgettable.Do yourself a favor..walk through the "tube" to the Palms and check out the more budget friendly options. There are plenty.
5	Yummmy yumm!To start, the bread basket is OUT OF THIS WORLD! THE ORDER: Tuna Tartare: 4.5 stars....great texture and flavor...pretty to  look at, too!Crispy, Creamy Shrimp: 4.5  stars, DELICIOUS! Just as the name of the dish depicts :)Mac and Cheese: 5 stars, we opted out of the truffle oil (i am so sick of everything haivng truffle oil on it)..it was great: creamy, cheesy, cumbly....GRUB!Banana Leaf Halibut: 4 stars....grwat texture and flavor combination. Came served with totilla to make mini tacos! yummy!Bone-in Filet: 5 stars....a TRUE medium rare. DELICIOUS!THE SERVICE:5 stars....outr waiter was a dream. Friendly, helpful, knowledgable, and charismatic.VERDICT:GREAT MEAL!!! WILL BE BACK!xo-andrea
4	The best thing at Simon is the Sunday pajama brunch.  Sushi bar, bloody mary bar, and a menu of made-to-order delicious items.  And the brunch is why I give it 4 stars.Other lunch and dinner menu items are ok, but are often disappointing.The cocktails are all fabulous.The desserts are ok, but nothing spectacular.
1	A complete disappointment. Service was flawed and the kitchen had severe delays. Had lunch, a rueben and surf & turf tacos. The rueben was decent, the tacos, however were heavily on lime and watery. Milk and cookies took 30 minutes to arrive. I can whip up a batch in less time.
4	So the babe and I are in Vegas and we just had to try this pajama brunch.  Even though we made a reservation it took them like 20 minutes to seat us.  At $38 its expensive for brunch but if you think about how much you would have to pay to eat say an eggs benedict (probably $15) then its actually a decent price.  Since I love eggs, the lobster harvarti benedict and pulled pork benedict stick out to me.  The lobster harvarti with egg yolk oozing all over.... ahhhh.  The pulled pork was tangy with the bbq sauce.  The french toast was simply the greatest thing ever!  Only disappointment was the chicken and waffles.... it was chicken and waffles.... nothing special.  There is also the sushi bar which was surprisingly good and the peel and eat shrimp was surprisingly plump.  A semi disappointment was the juice bar.  I thought there would be lots of different smoothies and such but there were only 3 choices.  A decent berry smoothie, a green machine which although healthy is made of wheat grass which makes it kinda bitter, and a not too appetizing beet cocktail.  I would recommend if spending $38 for brunch is within your range.
5	I just went to Simon last weekend with my wife for our anniversary. We are locals and this is one of our favorite spots. The food is incredible and the wait staff is friendly and attentive. The wok charred edamame is the best i've ever had and the steaks rival the best steak houses in town.  I had the tomohawk rib-eye which melts in your mouth and my wife had the banana leaf halibut.  And don't forget to try the truffle mac n cheese! They have a great wine list and cool atmosphere. I definitely recommend the restaurant and it always makes us feel special when iron chef Kerry Simon stops by the table to say hello. :)
3	Sorry Kerry Simon but I have been to two of your restaurants now and it has only been okay both times.  Some things were very good, like the bread basket , junk food platter, and drinks.  But my entrees weren't that great and for that I can't give it higher than a 3.  It definitely has it's highlights so I may go back again in hopes that I can find an entree that is as good as their bread basket.
5	Been doing it up for Sunday brunch quite a bit lately. Good combo of buffet style, plus menu items. Unlimited bloody mary bar gets me in trouble.
4	We were here for a friend's birthday dinner. The venue is inviting from the moment we walked in. The host sat us at the bar, since our whole party was not yet there. The bartender was very nice, and she comped our birthday shots (which were like 10 of us at the moment). I highly recommend their Pomrock martini (This is a modified pomegranate martini). Once we sat down, our orders were taken promptly. The noise level was quiet when we arrived, and increased a bit as the restaurant became busier. It never became a problem, though.I did not order much, since I had eaten not that long prior to dinner. But my boyfriend ordered the calamari and a salad. Also, their starter breads are amazing. They offered mini muffins and scones (which were not overwhelmingly sweet). I ordered the lobster Miso soup, and my boyfriend ordered the Italian pizza. This was probably the best miso soup I have ever had, but it can also set you back $10 (considering that many restaurants offer regular miso soup for free with your meal). The Italian pizza was ok. It was not bad, but it also didn't truly justify the price. HOWEVER, one of our friends had the filet steaks (which are prime cuts). It was very tender and perfectly prepared, based on the two bites I had. The filet steak price was fairly reasonable for the food quality (as well as considering it was at the Palms Place). In case anyone is a sushi fan, they also have sushi made to order.For dessert, they brought us a plethora of items! Also, because it was a birthday dinner, they brought us two massive bowls of cotton candy. The dessert trays were amazing. And for anyone who reads my yelps, I am a big fan of dessert. For me... if a venue can offer great dessert... I AM A FAN. From the dessert tray, the cookies were so moist and delicious and the rice krispies were so light. There were other items, but of course we all have to share.To end dinner, Chef Simon actually came out and introduced himself to us. I had not had that yet at any of the 'high-end' establishments we had gone. I would come back again, and maybe try more than just the Miso soup and pizza.
5	OMG!!! I have been to brunch in San Diego before but this place almost tops that! And I'm in the desert! Ha. My friend took me there for birthday brunch this past Sunday. Anyway it was great fresh sushi, fruits, and crepes. Wonderful mimosas and service. My glass was never empty. hahah. They have a large array of different eggs benedicts. My friend ordered the lobster and i ordered mine with breaded asparagus. It located next to a pool with enclosed sides. I  For me I took in the sun while I finished my meal with a cig. I forgot I was in Vegas for a good minute. It was beautiful! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone in a heart beat. But just fyi.. it can get a little pricey.
5	This place is very very good. The Crispy Rice with Spicy Tuna... WOW, Wok Charred Seishido Peppers, and Edamame   INSANE.Love the hotel, and glad Simon's is right downstairs. Been there about 15 times now, never unhappy!
4	I went to Simon's brunch with a large party for one of my best friend's birthday. There was about eight in our party and the service was still excellent. We all had the all you can drink mimosas.Simon's definitely has a wide variety of dishes to choose from, no matter what you are craving. I had a crispy rice with spicy tuna for my first time and Simon's has been my favorite place to have it so far. Their miso soup display is very neat. The junk food platter is super cute and one order is enough for four people!If you don't like what's already out on the buffet, you can order dishes from your server and they make it pretty quick. The view is amazing. You can even go out for a swim after, I think, but we didn't get a chance to take a dip.Definitely a place to go on a date, with family, friends and coworkers!
5	Easily the best meal I have ever had. The view by the Palm's pool was amazing, and it had a very zen feeling.
2	Mediocrity at its best. The food was mediocre, the wine.... mediocre, oh and the service AWFUL!! I saw my waitress twice throughout the whole evening. When I spend $100 on a meal for myself (alone) I expect to get something much better. I will admit that the cold shellfish platter was okay, but I do not believe that seafood should be just "okay." I am willing to return for a brunch possibly...... For those of you looking for a good meal: Do not go to SImon (especially if you are on a first date).
3	I was here on Friday August 21,2009I was starving as I arrived to Palms Place Hotel, straight from my early morning flight.My first time @ Palms Place, (pretty snazzy place) Simon has a really nice chic appeal I LOVED it!met my girlfriends @ Simon for a bite. Got there just in time to order......45 minutes later! Party of 4 got served ;-/ we had the roasted chicken salad sandwich, black angus burger with tuscan fries, margherita pizza & classic caesar salad food had really nice presentation but was cold by the time it reached our table. (an apologetic waiter) i may add. don't know what the hold up was all about. it wasn't busy at all.the yogurt parfait looked SOO good but didn't feel like waiting 45 minutes.I would return and edit my review :)
5	Classy, edgy, innovative, inspiring.
2	Food was good, service sucked - no stars for that!My parents were in town, staying at the Palms Place, so I met them at Simon for breakfast. We ordered three coffees, only to receive two. A fruit plate to start out with, only to receive it later with our entrees. I wanted extra cream cheese for the lox & bagel, and had to remind the server three times before ever receiving it. When he came by to refill waters he only refilled one of three empty glasses even though his pitcher was full. ??? I found it odd. The place was almost entirely empty too, except for three other tables.I'm in the service industry on the strip, and usually give other servers the benefit of the doubt, but this was pretty bad. The only consolation is that you get 10% off at the Palms Place Spa for showing your receipt, so after breakfast my mom and I went and got massages!
4	Simon Restaurant was a hit with our large group. As an end to a fabulous work trip to Vegas our boss took us to Simon for dinner. The vibe is very swanky and Earth friendly (apparently Simon uses sustainable resources in its decor, etc.). Very chic and sexy--situated right next to the pool. Our server seemed to be a bit out of it--a little bit of ganja perhaps? Simon does have a whole wall of herbs growing under plant lamps in the rear of the restaurant. Maybe a little bit of the good stuff as well? Anyhow, despite the glazed over look he got the job done. I was able to sample a handful of menu items and was pleased with them all. Among them were the grilled edamame (awesome!), the pot stickers (eh, okay), the truffled mac-n-cheese (drool!) and the chicken stuffed with pretzel roll stuffing (pretzel roll! Mmm). Everyone else seemed to enjoy their selections as well, which included the tuna tartar, filet mignon, sushi, and various sides. The bread basket alone was enough to make me swoon. We also ordered a desert tray called 'Junk Food' which included various homemade versions of American favorites. Rice Krispie treats, Snow Balls, cotton candy, brownies, cookies, caramel corn, etc. I only sampled a bite because I was such a little piggy prior to this delectable tray arriving but everyone else gave it rave reviews. We had a great time at Simon and would recommend it in the future.
4	We went for breakfast because we received a $50 credit here at the Simon Restaurant courtesy of the Palms Place.  I love the decor of the place its very cute and it's pool side.  I ordered the french toast brioche, side of hash browns with an order of OJ,  my bf ordered steak and eggs  My brioche was crusted with frosted flakes and was really delicious.  the steak looked dry but it wasn't.  They also have a chic little herb garden on display and a sushi bar.  All this was very cute.  I would come back if I had the credit again because this place IS pricey.  Oh, I don't know if it matters but I believe he worked with Cat Cora from Iron Chef America.
5	Wow...and WOAH!First: I have eaten here quite a few meals while staying at The Palms Place. I was impressed at the cleanliness of this place... not a single finger print on silverware and glassware...IMMACULATE! (and believe me I did look for it!)Second: the food is GREAT, made with a lot of organic herbs which they grow at the restaurant...you can see the "growhouse" with all the red heating lamps... for a moment I was like..."wow, one could grow other organic stuff in there... he he".Everything is very fresh and the presentation is superb.And last: SUNDAY PJ BRUNCH... to die for! they have everything your little heart desires, and it is all very gourmet!Oh, and you can wear your PJ !
4	I'm bumping up my 3 star review because of the food.Met a few friends here for dinner last night. Had a 9:45 reservation, but ended up being seated at 10:30. Theo, the General Manager, was very apologetic, but the girl working the front desk had a major attitude problem.Oh well, the food, ambiance, and service were excellent. We ordered the Edamame and Cucumber rolls as appetizer. The Edamame is out of this world. They wok fry the Edamame and then toss it with some lime and Tagorashi. The Cucumber Rolls were nothing special.I ordered a thin crust Spinach pizza as an entree, while my friend had the Citrus braised short ribs. That was probably the best thin crust pizza I've had ever. The crust was light and chewy, just the way I like my pizza crust. I don't eat meat, but my friend couldn't stop raving about the Short ribs. To compensate for the wait, they brought out a huge bowl of cotton candy and a huge slice of the Banana chocolate pie for us to share. I'm not big on dessert's either, but my friend devoured everything in under 10 minutes. I can definitely see myself dining here again. Do give it a try.
3	Food was a little pricey for what it was, but it was good. The sushi was not special. We ordered an expensive bottle of sake but it was the smallest imaginable bottle. The quantity was not made clear, but we didn't ask either. Nice view of the pool!
4	Simon Restaurant has a great setting overlooking the slick Palm's Place pool. I felt like I was in South Beach and forgot that we were in Las Vegas altogether. The decor also lends itself nicely to daytime dining since there are lots of windows letting in the sunlight, but it transforms into a great evening dining spot after dark. We went there for appetizers and ordered the truffle Mac & cheese, the fries, the shrimp cocktail and the tuna tartare. We all loved everything we ordered. The presentation was lovely and the service was quick and friendly. I will certainly be going back here soon to try more of the dishes on the menu. A great experience!
4	There are a few overwhelmingly great things from here as well as some i'd pass on ordering again.PRO'S* the junk food plater, the crispy spicy tuna roll, the ironman plater, and the pizza. All excellent sections. :) The junk food plater is so sinful, look it up on the dessert menu. Cotton candy AND rice crispy treats! You got me. Very much worth the calories and great for a big group to share because it's in small bite size pieces. Purrrrrrrrrrrfection CON'S* the California roll, the bacon, and I'd pass on the chicken as well. The decor is very modern and relaxing. I felt like I got transported to Palm Springs for lunch. Simon's also does the room service for the palms place suites which is awesomeeeeeee. So the sum of my review is the PROS out way the cons and I loved the few things I discovered as my hidden gems of Simon's menu.
4	Had brunch here and it is very good.  Different style of eat to order and buffet.  Frosted flakes french toast is the best.  The toasted rice cali rolls were also unique and awesome!  Smoothie bar is good as well.  Will repeat on weekends in Vegas!
4	We went for Sunday brunch, this place is almost perfect, unfortunately we got stuck with the worst server in the place (we could tell because all the tables around us were getting great service).  The setting is ideal, by the pool at palms place, bright with tons of windows.  We felt like we were in a little oasis away from the strip.You could tell a lot of original thought went into the sunday brunch as there were a bunch of things I'd never really encountered before at a buffet (candy bar, breakfast pizza, pyjama attire, junk food dessert, white trash menu, fresh smoothie bar etc, etc).  Refreshing these days where every bar tends to copy each other by calling itself some derivation of "social house" (same decor, same food, same overpriced food, same, same...give me something unique!)Anyways I'm getting off topic, but all I really need to say is that the simon Sunday brunch is really worth checking out, it's one of the best food establishments I've been to in Vegas.  Perfect setting, delicious food, and a unique concept.  A bit pricy at $38 per person, but I think worth it.  If you want to take advantage of the deluxe bloody Mary bar or the champagne bar it's extra $.A couple of my favourites from the meal: - simon roll from the sushi bar - junk food platter, make sure to use the take-out container from the carmel corn to stock up at the candy bar on the way out. - freshly made smoothies, i tried a couple and i liked the berry one the best (the chocolate protein one the least)
4	I had the pleasure of eating at Simon's twice during my Palms Place stay. Consistent with the rest of the Palms Place property, the atmosphere is ultra-modern hip. Bonus are the views of the pool, which depending on the time of day is entertainment in itself (lunch and a show)!!!!My first experience was for breakfast as they opened at 8am, which meant very few others were in the restaurant (but we were still on East Coast time). I ordered three egg whites with chicken sausage and hash browns. Everything was exceptional: the eggs were fluffy, sausage (and bacon - I stole some of my husband's) was fab, and hash browns actually tasted like potatoes and were not weighed down by cooking oil which is the usual MO. Great coffee and cool music, accompanied by floor-to ceiling glass windows, couldn't ask for better. I must admit that the coffee was heavy-handed in terms of price: at 6$ a carafe, two carafes were as much as one entree. Come on, guys, it's just freakin' joe!!!Sushi at Simon later that day was amazing. They have a limited menu in the early afternoon, but the sushi choices are extensive. A starter of zucchini and pretzel bread served with butter was a little odd, but both were yummy. The spicy tuna, yellowfin and salmon skin rolls were all fresh and delicious. A bonus of dining at Simon after 9am, esp. during lunch and after, is the view of the pool crowd. If you're into people-watching, this is a total destination. There was a melange of g-string clad beauties, middle-aged dudes in straw cowboy hats wearing banana hammocks, muscle guys, and vegas partiers of both genders having fun to pounding club music courtesy of their own DJ.
2	Nice setting and views of the pool area. Very mediocre food. Not worth what they charge.
1	This place was wretched. 1. There was maybe three other tables and it took FOREVER to get our food. 2. I got the surf and turf tacos and they were not good. Paprika has no business on a taco. I've had better canned salsa. 3. I made the mistake of ordering dessert, it was the peanut butter candy bar. Again, bad. There was no peanut butter, there wasn't even really sweetness. Honestly, I am pretty easily pleased especially when peanut butter, tacos are involved! How do you mess that up?!
2	We went for sunday brunch so here we go:The Good :  This place overlooks the pool and no one seemed to care if we hung out by the pool after you eat.  For the price of admission you get to eat from 10 to 4, we showed up at 11 so we made a full day out of it.  For 16 bucks you get all you can drink Chandon champaign, mimosas, or billinis.  Needless to say my wife got hammered.  The Bad : The food wasn't too good, here is the deal, there is a small buffet that serves up some interesting paninis (good), there is a smoothie bar (ehh), sushi (sucked), a few pastries (real small selection but good), and candy (it's candy).  Everything else you order off the menu.  They have pizza (margarita was real good) different benedicts that were ok, and what they call white trash stuff, it was like pigs and blankets and chicken and waffles.  Basically everything came out just ok, soggy waffle and chicken.  The eggs with the benedicts did come out cooked right.  Everyone gets all excited about the lobster benedict but you can't bribe me with a few tiny lumps of over cooked lobster.  Just everything tasted precooked and like it was being kept warm in the back, it probably was.  Oh ya, the biscuits and gravy sucked as well as our service for the most part.  They have simons signature dessert the junk food platter which is cotton candy (awesome) and home made snow balls and hostess cupcakes (the real deal is better for sure) and a crusty brownie and a chocolate chip cookie.  It's a cool idea but doesn't taste that good. The Ugly :  Brunch for 2 with one champaign with tip was 115 F&%@ dollars.  We could have went to breakfast and ordered everything we ate off a menu and it would have been less and it would been fresh and would have tasted better.  If it was cheaper we would probably come back because the selection is fun and so is the pool but it was just too pricey, for 115 bucks I want to eat something amazing.  We ate at simon at the hard rock a few years ago and It wasn't too good and this place didn't change our minds about this chef, sorry.
5	I am shocked at some of the reviews this place has received as I was more than thoroughly impressed when I had the All day brunch here!The food is great! The location is gorgeous!And it is definitely one of the few places that are actually worth it for brunch in Vegas. A crepe station, bagels with spreads of all kinds, sushi, shrimp, cereals, protein shakes made to your liking, a separate menu with hot entrees like french toast and fried chicken made for you in the kitchen, a candy station, and can't forget the all you can drink mimosas, bellinis, and bloody mary's. Also, happened to see the gorgeous and very talented Joshua Strick having brunch here as well, which does not at all influence my opinion on this place, I just see it as an added bonus...
4	An amazing place!!! Miso mashed potatoes...wow!!
4	This is a review of the SUNDAY BRUNCH.The Sunday Brunch is quite unique and really an experience I'd love to share with friends.  Kinda pricey, but what in Vegas isn't?Interesting set up - there is a buffet area with pastries, smoothies, paninies, crepes, specialty sandwishes, sushi, and cocktail shrimp.  There is also a whole menu from which you can order - various eggs benedicts, waffles, french toast, pigs in a blanket, etc. etc. etc.  All interesting and tasty.  All you can eat!But the piece de resistance, the JUNK FOOD PLATTER.  Cotton candy, caramel corn, homemade ding dongs/snowballs, brownies, and rice krispy treats...  YUM!Waiters and waitresses all in PJs.  Restaurant is right next to the pool, so the people watching is pretty interesting too.Definitely a unique experience.  I'm pretty sure I'll be back.
2	So I've been here a half dozen times now (not by choice mind you!) and the 2 star rating still holds. An example of how rude their servers are: I ordered a sushi platter described on the menu as "california roll, and tuna hand roll". I despise spicy tuna (I hate spicy things and hate mayo) so imagine my surprise when a *spicy* tuna handroll shows up. I explain to the waiter the menu says just tuna so I'd like a tuna handroll. He refuses, says I'm wrong, the menu says "spicy" and walks away. I have to freaking go grab a menu , show him the words "tuna hand roll" , and ask again for a new handroll before he goes and grabs me another one. UGHBesides the service, the food is just BLAH. Bland, expensive. I'm into the whole foo-foo lunch thing, but honestly Society Cafe at Encore does the whole concept far better. The surf and turf tacos for $17 are TINY. I got a filet mignon cobb salad today for $18. I order my steak medium rare. The salad is so sad looking and imagine my disappointment to find my "filet mignon" is 2 ounces or so of grizzly, tough, dark brown "steak". Hardly a filet mignon, definitely not medium rare, and for sure 2 ounces of steak over greens for $18 is a ripoff. The sushi is a step above grocery store sushi - yup, that's the best I can say for it. Rant over . Space is still beautiful but service & food continue to go downhill.
4	best deserts ever!!!!!! Chocolate Chip cookies, cotton candy... yes, they sound simple and old fashion.. but Simon puts a great twist to traditional favs. Great brunch special and fabulous views to the outdoor pool & cabanas.
5	Went for, brunch on the recommendation of a friend. Brunch is a buffet with a selection of menu items made to order from the kitchen. Started off with the bottomless glass of champagne mimosas, Simon french toast & lobster brioche eggs benedict. Sampled some of the crispy sesame rice spicy tuna and it was excellent! Had my fill of smoked salmon & the peel & eat shrimp. Finished it all off with a nutella crepe made fresh. I will be returning soon.
4	Came here for a friends birthday (we were staying in the hotel), so just down the elevator was this dimly lit restaurant with the amazing ambience! Started off with a lovely bread basket (YUM pretzel bread and zucchini bread).  For appetizers, tuna tartare, and calamari. I have to admit.. the tuna tartare.. NOT bad! :)  For my entree I ordered the braised shortribs, and for sides, the truffle mac and cheese, and steamed veggies, along with some spinach. WOW! My shortribs were fork tender! It had some polenta, and some corn tempura accompanying- and all in all tasted fantastic!!! I really enjoyed my meal.   I liked the mac and cheees, although as a personal preference, I like pepper on mine. Its ok.. still very yum!  the spinach was well cooked.  But wow the shortribs.. mindblowing! No knife needed!!!Ordered coffee as a finisher, and was disappointed.  The coffee was cold! ok ok lukeewarm.. but at least the rest of the meal made up for it.
2	Food was good and service was as well. They did however add a strange extra $10 Camp Vegas charge on bill. They had a special called Camp Vegas where you pick an appetizer, main course and Desert for $35. Well I was charged an intial $35 then an addidional $10? I am assuming because my date had a bite of my desert. OH well live learn and not return. I see things like this a lot for tourists with mystery add-ons and it doesn't matter if you return. But, I live here locally and really enjoy finding good spots to bring friends from out of town. So, oh well I really wanted to do the brunch someday. Oh yeah the Apricot Prosciutto salad is probably the best salad I have ever had.This place really does deserve at least a 4 star but, that $10 extra they had to pocket keeps a bad taste in my mouth.
5	Kerry Simon is a GENIOUS!!!  I would seriously give this place 10 stars if I could!!  Simon had the most amazingly delicious and creative brunch I have ever had!  The decor was very modern and whimsical, and I loved the candy bar by the hostess stand, plus it was great to see Chef Simon hanging out with the customers!  The service was great, and our waitress was very friendly!  I went with a group of friends and we tried everything on the menu, along with the sushi, smoothie, and sandwich bar.  Everything was beyond heavenly, and the french toast was my favorite!  Simon Sunday brunch is a must anytime I'm in Vegas from now on!
4	Had brunch here about a month ago. The food was delicious and the buffet/menu style was unique and interesting. The breakfast pizza, lobster Benedict, crispy rice tuna sushi, and dessert tray were great. While I thoroughly enjoyed the brunch, it is pricey and I'm not sure I'd go back. I do recommend trying it once though.
1	Not impressed!!  Sorry Simon. I was staying at the palms place for work which I stay there every week, and decided to go to here and sit at the sushi bar because I was by myself.  The place was pretty dead because it was Wed night and so I was the only one at the sushi bar the entire hour I was there.  The sushi chef kind of made the whole experience pretty crappy.  He was kind of rude from the beginning and I really don't think he knew what the word nice was.  I asked him what was good at the sushi bar tonight and he told me "fish".  No shit Sherlock.  Maybe I should not have asked that but then he just walked away.  So I ordered the spicy yellow tail roll and it came out looking terrible.  the rice was falling off the roll and it was not a good presentation.  When the roll is $13  I was expecting it to look a little nicer.  Especially when he was not too busy.  Strike two.  Then I asked for an order of their special Spicy tuna crispy rice thing.  He first told me straight out "NO" because it was too big for one person. I was pretty shocked.  Then I said I could eat it and if I was paying for it who cares.  So he unhappily made me the dish.  The crispy rice was dark brown and super burnt.  It was so hard to eat I finally stopped eating the rice and just ate the tuna.  I wanted to leave so bad.  So he came up to me as I was finishing the fish off the rice and said "I told you it was too big for you to eat".   I said no it would have been fine if the rice wasn't burnt.  He said "That is crispy rice, if you didn't want crispy rice you should not have ordered it"  The fish was not even very fresh which made it worse. Now for the one good part of the story.  They took my dish with the super burnt rice and a minute or two later the sushi chef came back up to me and I was ready to fight back this time and he said " you were right your rice is really burnt, the roll is on the house".  I was happy about that but I will not be back most likely.  i also had a nice server who gave me my beer.  Not a great first impression for someone who is going to be a weekly visitor. Oh well.
5	Best all-you-can-eat Sunday brunch in Vegas (as an aside I'm not a big all you can eat buffet kind of person). Great buffet menu of sushi, crepes, fresh fruit smoothies, dirt with worms (Oreo cookie crumb with gummy worms- not some kind of strange pica) and scones (but, alas, no clotted cream).  The menu also includes kitchen items, the highlights including corn flakes breaded French toast, lobster Benedict and my personal favorite: the cotton candy.  Dress code includes pajamas that all the wait staff and some of the patrons wear.  However, the majority of the patrons were wearing typical Vegas style clubbing gear, even for brunch. - Guest Reviewer Zak R
5	LOVE THE BRUNCH!!! We went here with a group for Sunday brunch. The food was fantastic and the service better. We ate eggs benedict, waffles and fried chicken,  and sushi to you name it. They had jumbo shrimp and fantastic french toast. We had a large group that wanted to hang out and talk all day. Our server totally did not care that we sat there all day. He also continued to pour champagne and refill our water long after we finished eating. We did have newcomers throughout that ate and ordered cocktails. But generally you wear out your welcome quickly after your meal is finished. I can not say how much I enjoyed this place. I'm not sure if Kerry Simon being present helped or if it is always this good. Although I have also had lunch while at the Palms Place spa and food was great then too. Take your group this Sunday and have a great afternoon. Make sure and have cotton candy and snowballs for dessert.
5	I have enjoyed everything that I've tried here. The spinach pizza, the beef carpaccio pizza, the tuna tartare. Everything is awesome! For sides, get the spinach and mac & cheese.
5	Rockstar brunch...server Matt always on point!!  Thank you Chef Simon!!!
4	Great place to have dinner... Good food, good for a nice date and smaller groups (8 or less...)
5	great spot esp for sunday's brunch
3	I wasn't that impressed by this place...I am a big fan of what Palms has to offer...I love Nine Steakhouse, Ghost Bar, Rain, Moon, and Little Buddha!  I expected good things from the Palms and Simon wasn't great at all.  I dropped in late night to pre-game drinks with friends before heading out to Marquee nightclub.  The bar area is small...not much room to move around.  Upon entering the bar, the sleek modern style of the decor appealed to me.  I liked the fact that there is a gorgeous pool just outside the bar. This would be a great place to take a date during the summer and just lounge by the pool and drink all night long on a hot summer night.  I honestly wasn't impressed by the staff at all.  There were dirty drink glasses all over the bar and they were definitely understaffed.  The manager definitely looked like she was having a bad night...I mean if your in the hospitality industry and working for tips...wouldn't you have a smile on your face and be as friendly as possible?? So, nonetheless, we decided on just one round of drinks and headed out to Marquee!  Would I go back....not anytime soon...I would rather go to Ghost Bar, but after reading other people's review about the Sunday Brunch at Simon, I'm willing to give it a try!!!!  I want to be impressed!!! :)
2	Exactly what I was thinking. MEH...... For the price I've had MUCH better. Went for Sunday brunch was not too impressed. I won't be back on my own free will.
4	Great atmosphere n great food. On the pricey side.
4	Amazing food! I've had the breakfast wrap, the surf & turf tacos, and a few other items. All are insanely delicious. The best part is the complimentary zucchini bread, given with lunch or dinner. Its highly addictive!
5	This is one of my fave restaurants.  Sunday Brunch is a MUST!  If you are looking for delicious food and don't feel like getting out of your Pajamas then this is the spot for you.  Trust me you won't be the only one because the staff is in their jammies too!  My fave dish is the Frosted Flake French Toast.  Just talking about it is making my mouth water and I just ate a whole pizza lol.  They have fresh sandwiches, a smoothie bar, sushi and dessert and all sorts of candy to choose from.  It reminds me of Disneyland!  On top of the great food it's got floor to ceiling windows and a great view of the pool, cabanas and firepit.  In the summertime this is a perfect spot for you to dip in the pool.  My 2 fave martinis are the Brown Sugar Martini and the Lychee Martini.  Delish
4	Gaaaa....(the sound of drool rolling off my lips). This place is incredible! The atmosphere, the service, the menu, the presentation....I could go on and on. While many may rave of their famous Sunday brunch, I prefer their more intimate dinner experience. Lunch time is also easy to get in and out if you are limited on time. Start things off with their Blue fin Tuna Tartar with sesame rice crisps. For the main course, the Banana Lead Halibut with salsa hits the spot, or the good 'ol meatloaf with mashed potato would make even Mom jealous! Of course no meal is complete without an adult libation and their full service bar is fully stocked to create anything you desire....I prefer the Rum & Ginger Tea or the Lemongrass Drop. Make sure you save room for dessert including Kerry's "Big Bowl of Cotton Candy." A fun dish to share with others. But if you are on the adventurous side, try their "Junk Food Platter" that will bring back some great childhood memories. You might even get Kerry himself to stop by your table to check on you as he does very often.
5	This is a superb place to have lunch or brunch.  It's not cheap, so don't come in here with that kind of attitude.  It's a place to be seen in Vegas.  I've been here several times over the past few years and I always see a celebrity while dining.  Gawking is not cool, so if you're easily impressed with that kind of stuff, save the jaw dropping and drooling for the casino floor and nightclub.....this is not for rookies.Now, about the food.....it's very, very good.  Some of the dishes I've had over the last few visits:Farm Fresh Omelet (Mushrooms, Bell Peppers, Onions, Cheese, Ham, Spinach, $13)Black Angus Burger ($15)Grilled Cheese Sandwich w/Bacon ($14)Margherita Pizza ($14)The Grilled Cheese is excellent!  My favorite Grilled Cheese Sandwich in Vegas.  The Burger is solid.  When I feel like having breakfast at lunch, I'll go for the Omelet.....it never disappoints.The atmosphere is trendy and the large glass windows facing the pool allow a ton of natural lighting to come in and set a unique mood that you can't find in Vegas very often.Overall, it's one of my favorite places in Vegas.Return Factor - 100%
3	Simon restaurant is a pleasant place for brunch. I would not recommend that you go out of your way from the strip to come here for brunch, but if you are staying at the Palms, this is definitely the place to go for. I love how this place is located right next to the pool. It's just beautiful. I've only been here for brunch, so I can't speak entirely for the restaurant, but the food is good. It is not amazing, excellent, but good. They have the usual breakfast, but definitely with a more health conscious choice. We ordered the yogurt parfait and the berry smoothie, and they were definitely fresh and tasty. I ordered egg white omelette with mushroom, cheese, pepper and specifically asked it to be not too greasy. It came perfectly as I asked, and that was great. But, I must say that the food is just mediocre. It was just like any other breakfast place with a nice atmosphere.
4	Simon says eat brunch here immediately.So good!  And here are a few of the things I loved best:a) Fruit/smoothie bar, where you can get a bowl of all the fruit you want in the exact proportions you want.b) Crepe/panini bar, the mere notion of which set my hear aflutter.  They desperately need more varieties, though.  The choices are very limited.c) A fab sushi chef made excellent veggie rolls, which somehow went really well with the breakfast food.d) You can order anything you want off the brunch menu, too.  For some in my party, this meant chix and waffles or spare ribs, but for me it meant PERFECT FRENCH TOAST.  Seriously, this frosted-flake French toast might be the best I've ever had, except for maybe my mom's.d) Drinks are unlimited.  This may make for very tipsy shopping, gambling or go karting, whatever's next on your agenda.e) They cap it off with dessert.  DESSERT!  After you've eaten your fruit and crepe and French toast, they still bring out dessert!  And you still eat it!I swear, three days later I'm still full and happy.It's not cheap - brunch, drink and tip came out to about $70 per person - but it's worth it.They handled our group of 16 easily.Kerry Simon was actually in the house when we were there, answering his own phone at the host desk.  Adorable.
4	This is THE place to come for a mouth-watering brunch, especially after a night out of painting the town red. Ideal for the recovering alcoholic you thought you'd never be from the night before. Yes, it is a buffet brunch - with a few exceptions. Everything on the menu can be ordered, directly to the table, a la carte. And we did just that. From a beautifully baked vegetable quiche to numerous versions of French toasts and omelettes, the variety here is simply astounding. Portions aren't so bad either. For some of us, that means letting the belt down a few notches. As mentioned by many others, the buffet is set up into different stations. Here you can personalize your own crepes, smoothies and sushi platter. It is simply the best made-to-order, buffet food you could get. Service is very personable, fun and relaxing. On Sundays, all the waiting staff wear their jammies. So feel free to let loose in yours too! I wasn't so daring, but I made sure to come in my cozy, wooly sweater and tight, Zack Morris jeans. It's important to look good whenever you're at a swanky, brunch place like this.
5	I was here for a private event for a work conference and they hit it out of the ball park. Great space. Light and airy. obviously the the pool and fireplaces create a very fun, relaxed, sexy space. Also the foot which was just passed apps where tasty and amazing. staff was friendly and of course it was Vegas they were beautiful as well! I can't wait to return for a try at dinner. I love the Palms!
2	I have a friend who I may not trust with my life, but I do trust with dining and nightlife recommendations. Basically, wherever he tells me to go, I go.This was the first time my trust in him was shaken. My companion got meatloaf that was terrible; my steak was tough and flavorless. Our bread basket was good, though. Service was friendly but inept.The place was empty.The herb garden in the back room is beautiful. Actually, the whole restaurant is beautiful, especially with the pool area lit all beautifully.The giant cotton candy ball was the highlight of the evening. What does it mean when $.10 of sugar ends up being the best part of your dining experience?Oh well, you win some, you lose some.
5	Hmm, I was so sure I had written a review for this place before. I actually really enjoy Simon! I just attended a party here the other day and it reminded me to update my review. I was shocked to find that I had never written an intial review even after all my visits, so here we go.I have been a few times for dinner as well as the weekend brunch and I can say I like quite a bit here. The brunch is fantastic. The service was great and I remember the waiter being very attentive and helpful in getting the right combination of all the dishes we wanted to try without ordering too much or too little. This was a hard balance to find with a group as large as ours. The lobster benedict, french toast and smoothies were standouts with me, but everything was fabulous. Splurge and get the upgraded all you can drink package as well. If only they would serve you at your table instead of forcing people to stand in a long line for an alcoholic beverage. I hate wasting my buffet time in line.For dinner, I'm a huge fan as well. The shishito peppers are divine. Perfectly seasoned and just yum, yum and more yum. The braised shortribs were perfectly cooked and seasoned. You can't go wrong with many of the dishes on the menu here. It's a must that you order one of their signature junk food desserts. They have lots of  sweets to choose from, so pick carefully...or just get the sampler.I'll be back and I look forward to going into more detail about my favorite dishes here.
3	I gave Simon's 3 stars because the service sucked.... We stayed at the Palms Place this last weekend and ate at Simon's on 3 different occasions due the convenience of it's location.  We were treated horribly by 2 of the female employees.....1 being the bartender with the bad injectables, and the other being a brunette female server... Both were just plain old rude and acted like they were worth a bit more than we were even though they both are middle aged service workers.... Anyway, the food was decent, decor was awesome.... literally sitting right next to the pool deck.  All-in-all I would suggest to try Simon's out but be ready to have one of the super b*tches throw some attitude your way...
2	Service - 4Atmosphere - 4Food - 6Vegetarian Friendly - 7General Awesomeness - 5We had a party of about 10 for brunch on a Sunday morning, and had an incredibly difficult time receiving the most basic service.  Getting a cup of coffee took 4 requests and about 20 min, the rest of the meal followed a similar path.
3	The food was very good, the prices not unreasonable and the venue modern and relaxing.  Unfortunately the service (Jessica!) is the one thing that prevents me from giving Simon 4 stars.Lamb tagine on couscous was outstanding.  Wonderful Middle Eastern fragrances emanated from my plate as it arrived.  The lamb was tender and the couscous the best I've ever had.  My dining companions each had flatbreads (spinach with boursin and a beef carpaccio) which were only about $13-15 and tasted great.  I would go back just for the latter of the two.The service, however, was definitely below par.  The greeters at the front desk seemed a bit out of place (new?  amateurs?).  Out waitress (let me mention Jessica again) must have believed us to be poor tippers.  This turned out to be a self-fulfilling prophecy as we all tipped less than 15% for her somewhat brusque, rushed and impersonal service.  This was aggravated by her fawning over the table next to us while we were treated differently. Thumbs up for the food and the ambiance, but thumbs down on the service.
5	From reading the reviews, I was discouraged but we went for it!  Julie, our server was so accomodating.  We were seated right away on table with a pool view. The appetizers were great, the main course was amazing but house specialty drinks were over the top! But one thing stood out, the honesty. I paid, I tipped Julie very well because she was attentive. We were pretty faded when we left and I happen to leave my wallet. We went to Moon nightlculb but I suddenly was in panic cause I realized that I left my wallet at this restaurant. I called and Julie by chance answered. She found my wallet and told me she would wait for us to come back and claim it.  I got it back...enough said. I even tried to tip her more but she didn't want to take the money....just when I was losing faith on people! WOW...I guess customer service is pretty strong in this restaurant.
5	LOve LOve LOve Simon in my opinion BEST BRUNCH in Vegas!!! plus all you can drink mimosas and bellinis. I also enjoyed dinner there (big eye tuna with wasabi mash potatoes yyyyuuummmmm. Not cheap but worth every penny!!
1	If you are looking for a place that has loud rap music, TV in the bar blaring with people making a lot of noise in the bar, this is the place to go. The service was mediocre, before I was served my entry the busboy tried to take my bread plate with my bread still on it, I had to grab it back from him. I was taking my girl friend there and we were both dressed up and would have felt better with jeans and a T Shirt. I was embarrassed for her and myself as we were expecting a nice romantic place and it was just the opposite. We were on a special package which include desert. The desert came with cotton candy a couple of cookies , pretty stupid I would think. The food was good  but not worth the price .
2	Really? I was so excited to try this place, but was let down. I can not believe they charge $50 dollars a person( I went on fathers day, so I don't know if they raised it specifically for that day). We sat and waited for the waitress to come to the table to explain how everything worked for about 15 minutes. I thought this place was a buffet style. Its not. It's half buffet, and half you order from the menu with the waitress. The buffet section only had fruit, bagels, cereal and crapes. Something like they give you for free at like a holiday inn for the continental breakfast. The items you order from the waitress take 30-40 minutes to come out. We ordered the eggs Benedict, and frosted flake french toast. After that came, we ordered a mini pizza. Waited another 30 minutes. I was still hungry but didn't feel like waiting if I ordered something else. So for 50 bucks I got a glass of orange juice, a chocolate muffin, a slice of french toast, and one crape.  Awesome....I will not be going back here.
4	I love chef Simons restaurants.  He did beat an iron chef!  Everything is great but be careful not to gill up in apps and entree as the desserts tend to be the best part of the entire menu.
3	(3.5 stars really) Came here for a late lunch last Friday with my sister after we checked in to our room at the Palm Place because we had a dining credit there with our stay. We came around 3/330 ish which apparently is an off time for them because their menu was extremely limited. 3 appetizers, a couple salads, a trip tip dip sandwich, and a blue cheese burger were our only options other then sushi which neither my sister or I eat. We were a little taken aback by the lack of options and not drawn to much of any of them, but we were STARVING so my sister settled on the tri-tip dip and I the bleu cheese burger, both are served with fries. After waiting forever when there were only 2 other people who ordered ahead of us we were served. My burger was divine though the bread a bit overly toasted. My sister's sandwich was served on the hardest toasted baguette known to man she could barely cut it with a knife and ended up just eating the meat and cheese out of it. The fries were really different and delicous...like a cross between Rally's(Checker's) and Mickey D's fries. If I was offered free food there again I would definitely eat there otherwise not so much.
5	The best part about Vegas is the specials and deals you can find. I had a great Travelzoo dinner deal that included 4 courses, 2 drinks and a VIP bracelet for all the Palms clubs later that night. Simon to say the least was one of the best meals I have had in Vegas so far. The atmosphere was amazing with an earth-friendly vibe, simple flavors and a striking modern design. Kerry Simon did a wonderful job with this place. I started out with a lovely Margarita Pizza appetizer, then moved on to a sensational pasta dish which was basic but one of the best I've ever had. The pasta was thick and the sauce was seasoned lightly and matched the overall dish perfectly. I also had to try a side of the signature Mac&Cheese which was with little surprise, absolutely to die for. I ended the meal with one of the most famous deserts in Vegas, the "Junk Food Platter." The so called platter was filled with a hostess cupcake, pink snowball, several assorted cookies, chocolate caramel popcorn in a mini to go box, a mini sundae, rice krisipe treat and a giant puff of cotton candy! Such a creative idea. I would definitely recommend Simon to anybody in Vegas in search of a great lunch, happy hour or dinner spot. Being a poolside restaurant, there are many options when it comes to your visit and the bar is also impressive to say the least. My visit was completed by running into the one and only George Maloof in the hotel lobby!
4	Stayed at the Palms Place Wed-Sat and when I first arrived I was starving.  My friend pointed out that Simon had a happy hour from 4-7 so we decided to check it out since it was right there.  It was one of the best decisions I ever made.  Happy hour included appetizers and drinks for $6 and the food was scrumptious!  I had the pizza, edamame, salad, baked California rolls and the meatball sliders all over the course of three days!  Yup we kept coming back and Rebecca is the best server.  Simon would get 5 stars for their greatness, but the complimentary breakfast service is HORRIBLE.  How long does it take to bring out a pastry plate that should already be prepared snce several people come for the breakfast?  We waited 20 minutes for that plate and then we were ignored by our waitress and even the manager.  So be aware when you go that you may have to wait.  Happy hour is a must!
3	First off, I wouldn't be here if TravelZoo didn't offer a pretty sweet deal for 99 bucks for 2 ppl,  I got a 4 course meal AND an all access pass to all the clubs to the Palm (Playboy Club, GhostBar, Moon, Rain...) pretty sweet, but unfortunately I'm critizing the food. Honestly it's truely in 3.5 stars.I would literally pay 50 bucks for the club pass because we were treated like VIPs, no waits in lines, we were treated like first class citizens.  Oh...the food... um it wasn't terrible but wasn't a place I would tell my friends it's a must try.  i thought the appetizers were better than the main courses, my favorite main was the steamed salmon done perfectly, but the meatloaf, spaghetti, short ribs, thai curry were alright.  Service was great, but the ambience was superb.... I got to say it again, that bracelet was hella money....  it's like getting the hopper pass to disneyland.
4	Wednesday night Happy Hour: A+! Wow! Dined here for lunch and brunch but last night was my first happy hour and I highly recommend it.  We did wine by the glass ($6, red or white, happy hour special) although on this night they were offering half off bottles, which was awesome. We  shared several appetizers, including sushi.  I'm a rabid Kerry Simon fan and the happy hour selections and atmosphere = topnotch.  Had to order my beloved crispy rice topped with tuna - even though it's not on the happy hour menu.  Comfortable lounge seating and great lighting in bar area.  Diverse crowd and zen enough that we could really talk - but still a fun atmosphere. Loved it.
5	Christian, Jessica, & Fabian are the backbone (service) of Simon's restaurant...every visit (2nd home) exceeds my expectations!As a pizza connoisseur, they removed my fav one frm the  menu: such a tease but the new sushi pizza is worth every bite
4	Got a great offer to stay at The Palms Place from one of those websites, Included in the offer was a $50 credit to Simon Restaurant so after a day of laying out by the pool in our Cabana, we decided to get dressed and put that $50 coupon to good use!I forgot to make a reservation ahead of time so when we got to the restaurant, the hostess informed us that it there were no tables available but we were more than welcome to find a spot in the bar area where they also serve the full menu.It worked out perfect! Not only did we find a place at the bar, we were greated by the awesome bartender who made the most fantastic drinks for us. Fabian was his name and he was extremely helpful and knowledgeable about the menu. He offered us some suggestions and glad we took him up on those because the food was GREAT!!!Instead of ordering full entrees, we opt'd for appetizers and sushi and only ordered one full dinner entree to share.Here is what we ordered:Yellowtail Carpaccio Appetizer (good flavor)Crispy & Creamy Rock Shirmp (so good)Wok Grilled Edamame (grilled with ginger salt and some other spicy seasoning) EXCELLENT!!!Truffle Mac & Cheese (creamy goodness)Albacore Crispy Onion ( I've had MUCH better)Crispy Sesame Rice with Spicy Tuna on topand for the Entree:Angry Lobster Pasta ( Fantastic!!!)Be prepared to spend some cash $$$Will be back for sure!
3	I was staying at The Palms Place, where the restaurant is, and so my group of girl friends went to Simon for dinner.  The decor was very modern, and the restaurant was pretty empty for a 730pm dinner reservation on a busy weekend, but I enjoyed our relaxing dinner despite the hectic strip.The menu was pretty confusing - sushi, fusion food, pizzas, seafood, American. Everything seemed to be somewhat Asian inspired, except the pizzas.  We got a little bit of everything: calamari, Margarita pizza, crispy creamy shrimp, cucumber sushi, cotton candy and creme brulee and a bunch more dishes (I didn't eat all of them, so I can't recall all of them). My favorite was the crispy creamy shrimp, which is funny since I don't eat a ton of seafood. It was a great app to share with friends. The food came out in a timely manner, and the staff was friendly. It was pretty pricey, and the food was good but nothing too exciting that I would definitely want to come back here again.I would say this is a good place for a nice dinner in Vegas, especially if you are staying at The Palms or one of its other hotels, but there is a lot more exciting places you can eat in Vegas.
4	Sunday brunch is a must here and here is the reason why 1) unlimited champers of bloody Mary bar at a very reasonable 16 or 10 bucks 2) some of the best unlimited sushi and jumbo prawns 3) great chefs 4) bring on small dishes of loveliness 5) after a hard weekend of partying hard dressing up in PJ's and being served by Doctors and nurses is very welcome!
3	Went yesterday for brunch, it was my bff's bday with his family. Food was good- the peel and eat shrimp was to die for! Sushi was just ok, the cereal french toast was super yummy. Service was just so-so. Our waitress was annoyed when I asked for something with a candle for my friend. For 40 bucks a person you can do much better!Reprieve from recent review- Simon Happy Hour rocks. The Bartenders were awesome as well as $6 menu of various cocktails and eats like any flavored vodka, yellowtail sushi and edamame. We have been back a few times this place from 430-7 will impress and have you coming back for more.
4	We ate here twice while staying at Palms Place.  We've eaten at the one in the Sofitel in LA so we knew the food would be good.  For dinner we had the rock shrimp appetizer which was very good.  My fiance had the halibut which he said was just okay.  I had the scallops which were amazing - very good and a huge portion that would be easily shared.  We came here for brunch on a Sunday and the staff were all wearing pj's which made it feel like a lazy sunday morning.  The brunch was a fixed price of $40 but it's worth it.  They had sushi, crepes, paninis, pastry bar, and a variety of breakfast items you can order from the waitress.  They also bring a dessert to your table that includes cotton candy, brownies, cookies, rice crispie treats, hostess cupcake, and snowballs.  There's also a candy station by the door where you can take candy home - this was great for bringing back ont he flight with us!Everything was really great and we'd definitely go back!
2	My Family & I came for the Easter Brunch.  The food was great and I was truly enjoying myself.  Until I was asked to hurry and give up my table.  The kids cost more than usual because it was Easter due to the Egg Hunt.  While my kids were doing the Hunt, we were asked to give up our table.  We were offered to stay and hang out in the lounge, but our kids could not.  I would rate the ambiance and food a 4.5, but the customer treatment was definitely a 1.  So I gave an average of 3 Stars.  I feel as if the Management needs a lesson in Customer Service.
1	went to brunch today and was very disappointed. several friends told to try this place out for brunch. the service is really bad and the food was nothing to brag about either. my wife had the unlimited mimosas and her glass was empty most of the time and when it was refilled it was mostly oj. the food was dissappointing as well. nothing blew us away. it was like we were at a best western and recieved a free continental breakfast but we had to pay 40 a person. this is the first and last time we will have brunch there. mon ami gabi would be a better choice if your looking for a nice sunday brunch
2	Extremely slow, sloppy service, majority of food was pretty mediocre especially when factoring in the high prices. I was here twice due to a friend's birthday, so this review is based on a dinner in the private dining room for about 40ppl and also their Sunday brunch for 16ppl.The palms place valet was full they said because they're sponsoring the ufc fight that night. The fight was in Brazil, so I don't really get it... I had to self park and haul my presents, balloons and other stuff, so an awesome start.  The private dining room was great, glass enclosed overlooking the lighted pool area and the main dining room. They had 4 big round tables that comfortably seated about 10. Although there was enough waitstaff filling waters, there was only 1 waiter or bartender taking drink orders. That meant waiting for about 15min till he acknowledged me, then another 20 till drinks actually arrived. I saw the other waiters at brunch the next day, so I know they're all capable of taking drink orders. In addition to being slow, the guy also seemed bored like he didn't want to be there. Maybe the built in gratuity had something to do with it, but don't stand there with a pissy face all night. The courses came out timed pretty well. I guess they do their private dining family style, which just seems lazy to me. The tables are too big, plates are too big and heavy for a family style dinner to make sense. There's no lazy Susan like at Chinese restaurants. The chefs and/or waiters also can't count because we were shorted on some of the food. Not everyone got a piece of chicken (I got a little drumstick) and I don't really count a 2" square of steamed salmon as an ok portion. Dessert was good, but again they were really cheap with the portion. Since dinner is charged per person, they should in theory have enough of each item for each person right? Not at Simon. At Simon, 9 people get a bowl of cotton candy, 4 snowballs, 4 (mini) hostess cupcakes, 4 brownies, 4 rice crispy treats, 2 little containers of carmel corn and 6 cookies. Makes sense right? Right..I don't even want to know what my friend spent on dinner because I'm sure it would make me sick. Nobody wants to say anything (and he's not on yelp), but he got ripped off big time. It wasn't just the portion - quality was lacking as well. Only thing that stood out were the charred edamame. Meatloaf was good but dry, chicken was good but no clue what the little black things on the side were. On to Sunday brunch the following day. Our waiter was nice but seemed overwhelmed. He seemed to be hustling, but the kitchen was slow as hell. With such a limited brunch menu, things should've flown out the kitchen. We were waiting 20-30 minutes for our orders, which is unacceptable. All they had to do for a benedict is poach an egg then assemble it, everything else should've already been made. They're also really slow to clear.I ordered a ham panini and toasted bagel. There were 3ppl waiting so I went to get sushi which is 2 feet away. That @sshole gave my stuff to someone else, didn't apologize or anything. The ham and cheese on pretzel bread was inedible - there was so much salt on the bread its the only thing you could taste. Bagel was a bagel, can't eff that up. Really good, fresh sushi but really limited options - spicy tuna, but no tuna sashimi or nigiri. The spicy tuna on crispy rice was good but not at all spicy. Pastry and dessert selection was limited and nothing was note worthy. They also had smoothies and cocktail shrimp. I don't like that it was peel and eat - for $40/person they couldn't just buy peeled shrimp? Breakfast pizza, pulled pork benny on jalapeno cornbread and the cornflake french toast were awesome. The flavors of the pork benny went perfectly together and i love that the middle of the french toast was custardy. 10x better than babycakes' cornflake french toast. Chicken and waffles featured a tasteless chicken finger with your standard waffle, "lobster" benny was also a big fail. No joke, the only lobster piece that I found was a sliver less than 1/2 cm big. Crepes sit in a pile, not made fresh to order.Mimosas were good, but our glasses sat empty way too often. So at a total of $57 if you opt for unlimited mimosas, bloody Mary's or Bellini's this brunch was a little pricey. If you like Sunday brunch with made to order entrees vs buffet I highly recommend Republic Kitchen at half the price, way better service and better food. Its not on the strip, but hey neither is Simon.I noticed most of the reviews I read mentioned they had either a travel zoo coupon or dining credit from staying at palms place. A good restaurant shouldn't have to rely on promos like that to fill the dining room. It still wasn't full on a Saturday night btw, but brunch was busy. My friend was drunk and too busy jumping between tables to realize the issues with dinner. But I will be sure to encourage him to go somewhere else with his money for next years
1	Excited to try the happy hour dishes, my husband and I were seated in the lounge.  We sat there for 20 minutes and didn't have anyone visit our table. We then moved to the bar where for 5 minutes, 3 bartenders helped everyone around us and we were ignored. Finally, I told my husband it was time to leave. He talked to the manager, but I was so disinterested at this point.
5	we came here because we had like a $50 credit to the restaurant through some deal. we were asked if we made a reservation at the front, which we didn't but they were able to seat us right away anyway. probably because we came a little early for dinner...we started off with the bluefin tuna tartare which was amazing...sooo good and truffle mashed potatoes which were definitely different but really good also. my bf had the ...steak?.. and i had the angry lobster, both were really good dishes. halfway through i was getting really full so i had to box up my angry lobster, so i was excited to eat it later. unfortunately, in the elevator up to our room, i tried to hand it to him but accidentally dropped it and of course the box had to open up and land with the food faced down. :[
5	This review is specifically for brunch at Simon on Sunday mornings. I have not tried this restaurant at other times.OK so - I totally love Simon for Sunday brunch for a couple of reasons.#1 - Awesome alcohol options! I don't even drink that much these days, BUT, when I do, these are great options. Their Bloody Mary bar is second to NONE! You simply pay $10 - $15 and are handed a huge glass with ice & vodka in it. I'd say there about 50-75 different kinds of hot sauces to choose from. They even have Slim Jim sticks!If Bloody Marys aren't your thing, then simply choose the champagne option for about the same price. Hidden bonus? You can go hang out by the pool ALL DAY and keep drinking!#2 - Brunch - their brunch options are fabulous and pretty healthy for your typical brunch. Lots of different things to choose from - everything from bagels & lox to wheatgrass smoothies. #3 - Brunch "Dessert" - if you ask your server, they'll bring you the most awesome candy dessert, which includes cotton candy!#4 - The pool - yeah most people don't think of this but you get access to the pool area with brunch. So come, stay all afternoon and relax!I try to come here every time I come to Vegas. Big fan.
5	I've been here a few times and I love it. It has floor to ceiling windows and the Palms Place pool literally wraps around the side of the restaurant. Two out of three of the times I've eaten here, I've had Julie as my server, and she is phenomenal. I've gotten the margherita pizza which was nice, the spicy tuna sushi which is awesome, and every time I've had the junk food platter which is rediculous. You CANNOT and SHOULD NOT eat this alone. You will look like a MAJOR pig (although I imagine everyone is jealous of the cool people who ordered this platter). You should have a group of people so that when you're speaking nonsense from your insane sugar high, there are people around who understand what you're saying. Cotton candy, chocolate chip cookies, rice crispy treats, hostess cupcakes, snowballs, and a number of other terrible foods have all been improved into gourmet counterparts which are GREAT albheit very very bad for you. Simon is an amazing restaurant and I love coming here every time.
3	Did the travelzoo deal with another couple.  The food was alright - either under or over seasoned in my opinion.  The appetizers and desserts were the best part of the meal.  They have food with a little bit of an Asian flair, they have a sushi bar with an authentic looking Sushi Chef working behind.  Our meal came with a sampling one-bite of some tuna sushi and BOY OH BOY that was damn good.  If I am ever in the area, I will probably go back that way to have more of their sushi!  There were a few tables there who were ordering sushi. Our package from Travelzoo (for each couple) came with yummy bread!, two appetizers, two amuse bouche, two entrees, one side dish, and one yunk food dessert platter.  Dessert!! When the dessert came out, I had asked the waiter if everything was homemade and he said yes.  How awesome!! The junk food platter is designed to look like imitation hostess desserts!!!  There was the pink snoball, hostess cupcake, cookies, and a gigantic thing of homespun cotton candy.  So good, it made my mouth happy ;)Anyways the only little tiff that I have about this place is the slow service.  The quality of the service was great, just the slowwwww service.  We were missing a glass of water for one person in our group and it took 15-20 minutes to receive it.  Other than that, not bad. I shall be back!
1	Service is non-existent. The guy who cleans the tables needs to smile once in a while.Our waitress just came once to see us. and the food was not that great.
2	If your at The Palms place and don't want to eat in your room and don't want to go out, its fine. That's it. Just fine. Mashed potatoes had a weird consistency, really weird. Sauteed spinach was bland. $56 rib eye had a nice crust and was served with a wine sauce and Bearnaise but was just OK. The wedge salad and the sushi rolls wern't bad. Leave your jimmy choo's in the room, this is a place for your flip flops...the rubber ones from Rite Aid.
5	Another great brunch experience.  I brought about 8 of my friends for brunch on Sunday and had a great time.  The food, as always, was very fresh and amazing. We all had the Bloody Mary buffet, which has a great selection of Vodkas to choose from along with a fantastic buffet of accoutrements.Not much on the menu has changed since I was last there, but that is good because all my favorites were still on the menu. The Nutella banana crepes are the best.Kerry Simon was roaming around talking to customers and supervising, which is nice to see that he still takes an active role in his dinning establishments.
4	I have been enjoying Kerry Simon's place in Vegas since way back when it was at Hard Rock nearly 10 years ago. Simon at the Palms Place is great, it maintains some of Kerry's "foods with a fun twist" but he has managed to one up his old establisment in my opinion with more variety and a much much better facility with much better atmosphere, i always felt like I was in a closet at the Hard Rock but the Palms Place location is stunning. Prices are more than fair for the quality and quantity of food. I have fallen in love with some of their flatbread selections, I highly recomend trying one for an appitizer. I have eaten here several times the service is always great and last minute reservations are usually managable. Service is always excelent, the way it should be. If you are staying at the Palms or Palms Place I highly recomend Simon but if you are staying on "the strip" it might be a little off the beaten path for some.
5	There was nothing I didn't like about this place. And that's a tough one for me to admit.We bought one of those Travel Zoo coupon's (think Groupon) which provided us each with a 4 course meal and a beverage of our choice. We started off with the calamari and ohmagawd was it delicious. My entree was the Thai Curry Chicken which was just ok, but the hubby (whoa!) had the Short Ribs and let me tell you (from a non-meat lover) they were AMAZING! Especially coupled with the truffled Mac & Cheese and lovely dessert sampler to top it all off. All were simply to die for!The ambiance was just lovely as well, seating us right next to the view of the beautiful (but closed) pool. They had a private dining room with the coolest wall of plants I'd ever seen. Looks like something you'd find in Snoop's place, if you know what I mean.The service was simply lovely as well. Everyone was incredibly friendly and attentive. Couldn't ask for more!When I come back to Vegas, I'm having dinner here again. No doubt the best meal we had our whole trip.
3	To start with the decor and layout of the restaurant is very contemporary and the poolside view from inside the restaurant is very modern. I was there attending a conference and was delighted with the family style appetizers and salad that was served at each table. The spinach flat bread pizza, bread basket which included banana bread was awesome. The remaining appetizers included port pot stickers and calamari calamari which were nothing to scream about. However the bamboo salad (i think they called it) was delicious. It was served family style with walnuts, goat cheese and apples throughout the bowl. I in fact had two servings. The dinner unfortunately I was not too impressed with. I ordered the grilled halibut with steamed veggies. I do have to say that the presentation was nice, they were served in bamboo dishes that were covered when brought to the table and the server removed their tops once they were served to you. The halibut was too dry for my taste and my friends who actually asked for a side of dipping sauce to eat with it and the veggies for being steamed were also really dry and plain. The desert which is what I read had the best reviews was not that great for me. The cotton candy is HUGE I'll give them that but honestly who can finish a bowl of cotton candy as big as they serve it. The remaining desert were just ordinary rice crispy treats, hostess cupcakes, coconut bon bon and cookies. Overall sadly I wasn't too impressed but at least it was a new restaurant I can say I tried :)
1	Hands down the worst restaurant experience I have ever had in Vegas. Which is really a shame because I loved staying at the palms place and the front desk service was phenomenal. When me and my group got to the restaurant the hostess sat us and it wasn't busy. After about 20 min the waiter came and got our drink order and walked off. I overheard the table behind us talking about how poor the service was and how they should leave. The waiter then goes and talks with a female co worker for ten minutes before coming back to re take out order because he didn't write it down and thought he could remember it...apparently too difficult. So we sit and wait another 15-20 and notice tables around looking irritable and one gets up and leaves. I try to wave the waiter over and he ignores it...we get up and leave and never even got our drinks in the hour we were there. Will not recommend to anyone.
5	WOW! I love groupon for this. I had a palms casino condo plus $50 simon credit for 3 days. WOW...the food was amazing! The Managers were awesome. Brent was always making sure we were ok...a plus for me. Mahi fish was amazing with twice baked potato. Meatload..mmmgood. Made my own sushi roll, shrimp and it was REAL crab meat...YES! Angry Lobster...AMAZING!!!! And cotton candy for a nice sweet treat! Thanks Simon. Cant wait to visit again!
5	Everyone at our table (4 guys) all had different appetizers and entres. Needless to say, all of us raved about our meals and the server we had, I believe his name was Matt was fantastic with his recommendations and service. If I stay at Palms again, I would return for sure.
2	For the brunch AYCE, you have a choice of ordering from the menu or they have a buffet line.  The food was so-so. Everything tasted so bland. Do they even season the food here? It was missing a certain je ne sais quoi.Lobster Eggs Benedict - I can't even taste the lobster. The poached egg was cooked fine. However, it was awful overall. I order a lot of eggs benedict and I can say this is the WORST I've ever had.Frosted Flake French Toast - Meh...tasted like it had been sitting in a food warmer in the back. Served lukewarm...gross.Peel & Eat Shrimp - I love shrimp and they were really fresh. The cocktail sauce was delicious. I could eat this all day.I've eaten here twice for brunch. First time was comped and thought the food was a waste of calories. Didn't complain since I didn't have to pay the $40. Unfortunately, I was forced to eat here again with friends. The food except for the shrimp was still horrible.
5	Their happy hour and Sunday brunch is where it's at!  Sunday brunch here is absolute bliss.  I love the wide open room flooded with sunshine from the floor to ceiling windows that line the far wall.  As you enjoy your nummy nums you can watch tourists and cool people frolic in the pool just beyond the window.  This is a great people watching spot, as we've seen more than a handful of celebs chilling here.  Make sure to bring your shades.  You might need them depending on where you are seated.  They have an AYCD bloody mary bar or mimosas/bellinis.  I love both, but here I def recommend the bloody mary bar as you can pick your vodka & they have every possible accoutrement you could ever need to spice it up.  On the other hand, their  mimosas & bellinis are a formula for a mid afternoon hangover, aka crappy quality champagne.  They have an area where you can grab your own foods stocked with sushi, smoked salmon, miso soup, fruit, cereal, pastries, etc.  Then they have a menu that is AYCE ordering.  I go nuts for the chicken & waffles (minus the waffles).Happy hour is M-F, 4-7 and everything on the menu, including drinks is $6.  The lounge is super comfy and you get to enjoy a little bit of sunshine as the sun sets.  Of late it seems all happy hours offer calamari to varying degrees of success.  Simon sets the standard for hh calamari, not too many unfavorable pieces, lightly fried, with a ponzu dipping sauce on the side.
4	I came here for lunch with a very large group.  Not only did they let us order off the menu, none that limited menu crap, but they actually handled 30+ people quite adeptly. Everything came out at the same time, they kept the drink refills coming, we able to take special requests, and, most importantly, they remembered who ordered what.  Nothing is more annoying than the waiter screaming at a table of 20 people, "So who had the cheeseburger!?! Who had the cheeseburger?!?!"  Simon staff rose above all that and just kept track of that stuff themselves.  Yay!They had three lunch selections that come with dessert included. I think they guarantee them in 30 minutes, if you are in a rush. I had the bento box ($20), which was a California roll, seaweed salad, and crispy rice spicy tuna (roll? not quite sure what this was).  The dessert that came with it was 3 mochi.  That's a lot of food!  Anyway, the California roll was pretty good.  For being a California roll, it was pretty tasty.  The seaweed salad was also quite good.  The crispy rice spicy tuna thing was lacking.  Really chewy, not a lot of flavor.  I regret even eating it.I think they also have a lunch combo with some sliders, fries, and dessert... and one other lunch combo.  Their menu online has not been updated.Didn't have enough room for mochi but my dining mates confirmed - yep, that's mochi!  Not much room for improvement since I'm pretty sure all the mochi in the world comes from the same mochi farm somewhere.  Nice atmosphere.  On the 6th floor of Palms Place.
5	Kerry Simon has another success with not only great food but great service.  None of those snobby waiters at other trendy restaurants, just personable and helpful servers.  My wife's Angry Lobster was good and hot.  She was warned about the "hot" part, but still very good.All four of us were happy and felt very relaxed atmosphere once they turned down the loud music at our request. Chef Simon, an acquaintance of one in our party, came out to meet us all and talk about his experiences.   He then sent a large bowl of cotton candy to our table, gratis.  All a prime experience.
3	Serviceable but not exceptional.
4	This is a review for the LOUNGE area.Hit up The Simon on a Wednesday evening for drinks with friends.This was a GREAT IDEA!The lounge is a lovely area to sit and relax and catch up with friends.it being a Wednesday evening meant it was pretty open so we had most of the place to ourselves.And the bonus was that it was 1/2 price bottles of wine. The Lounge isn't huge but it's well laid out.... dark / low lightining .... contemporary and upscale, chic without being fancy, pretentious or stuffy.  Nice couch and comfy chairs to relax in and enjoy a few drinks.  Our server was attentive without being intrusive and kept our white wine perfectly chilled ... Net, Net... she was perfect.  :)Will definitely be back to check out the restaurant.
5	this was my second brunch on Sunday and was much better than the first a couple years ago.  I was well prepared and starved myself silly.  Upon entering it was very bright and naturally lit by the adjacent pool area.  The noise level could be abit too much for some who may want a more romantic setting.  The staff and hosts are very well mannered and friendly.  Customer service is top-notch and what is expected in Vegas.  My date and I attempted to try as much variety as possible and this was possible because the portions are small which is perfect for this.  The presentation is excellent with each dish that is made to order like the french toast or the 5 varieties of eggs benedict. I could only down 3 of five and all were delish.  I prefer the made to order side of the menu vs. the buffet part which you serve yourself.  They had sushi in the buffet part which they make as they are being picked up.  Wasn't upto my standards.  Especially mixing it with the earlier mentioned items.  Pastries are all good and freshOverall, I'd go back again and try to have more than 2 of their awesome DIY bloody marys.  Just plan to drop $50 per person and pace yourself to savor it all.
3	We went to brunch with a few friends and ended up here.  The servers all wear pajamas, which is cute and it's located on the 6th floor, where we got to eat near a glass wall overlooking the pool.  Each person pays $39.50 for adults or $13.00 for children.  This is a fixed price not including specialty drinks.  The menu has one side of items that are located at the buffet and another side that has items freshly prepared by the chefs.  All in all, not impressed with the food.  The french toast was very doughy and everything else didn't have very good flavor to it.The highlight was the dessert tray that comes standard with each meal.  It had a giant cloud of pink cotton candy, baked goods and other sweet items.  Totally recommend that and if they had a standalone price to only get that, I would definitely go back.  It's a great concept, just needs a little better execution.
5	The food and service was excellent.  Our table had a surprise visit by chef Kerry Simon.
4	Setting - 5 star, beautiful, modern without being cold, giant glass overlooking poolService - 5 star, attentive and excellentFood - 4.5 starPrice - 4 starCame here for Friday night dinner.  Everything we had was good.  Smoked chicken pizza was good, calamari was excellent, short ribs were flavorful, my wife's steamed salmon was rare and outstanding.   Dessert was good, not terrific.Really didn't think it was outrageously priced, either, for Vegas.  Their happy hour looked outstanding and extremely reasonable... we will be back to try that out when we are in town again, and will review that then.  Overall, very solid experience.  It's kind of an elegant comfort food with Asian sushi kind of flair, I would guess, in a beautiful modern setting.  Seems to be an outstanding date or special occasion place, if that's what you are looking for.
3	Worst meal we had in Vegas.  The food wasn't bad, it just wasn't good.  With so many better options nearby, I wouldn't bother coming here.The drinks are the best part of this place.  But don't expect specialty cocktails to be half price during happy hour.  You only get deals on well drinks.
5	Like I said before, "We'll be back for sure" and we were welcome with open arms! We had yet another fantastic meal & drinks at Simon and the best part was that Fabian remembered us from the last time we were there. Lucky us, we got seats at the bar so we could chat it up with him and see what's new on the menu. He made us some rockin' drinks, one called the Brown Sugar Martini which was of course right up my alley!As for food, we mainly ordered sushi and appetizers but the one thing that we ordered was the side of Mac and Cheese and it was to die for! Of course I had to order the edamame which I loved so much from the last time we were there. I have tried to recreate it at home but it just doesn't come out the same =(All in all we had an awesome time, thanks to Fabian and the rest of the staff at Simon.
4	I loved Kerry Simon's restaurant when it was in the Hard Rock, and I love his restaurants in LA. It's very consistent and just comforting, knowing you're going to get good food. So, the fact that this place is in Palm's Place is a little sad - off the Strip and not even in the Palms...the restaurant and the food deserves better.The restaurant itself is divided into separate parts, and doesn't make for a cohesive space. It's just weird...atmosphere, separation from the bar and kitchen and main dining area...I don't know, it just felt odd and disjointed. The main area itself is beautiful and everything I expected, but that's not where we sat, so... *shrug*That said, I have to say I was a little disappointed...but left Simon's happy, mostly because of our waitress. There was really no explanation for it, but the kitchen was backed up...food was S.L.O.W. in coming...as were the drinks. From what I could tell, it wasn't that packed, not not other restaurants on the Strip that week.The food, once we got it, was great. It always is with Kerry Simon's restaurants. There's something to be said about consistency. So, our waitress pretty much made sure we weren't too aware of the delays from the kitchen...and to make up for it, comped us a few drinks as well as dessert. She even helped out my colleagues who were in a different part of the restaurant.Good food, better service...makes all the difference in the world.
5	Oh... my... LAWD!!!! This place is AMAZING!!! Kind of a long walk through the palms to get to it, but it's so worth it. The head chef, Ben, is OUTSTANDING!!! He has a creative and wonderful mind for food. I ate Brussels sprouts for the first time ever without wanting to gag. Quite the opposite, actually, because they were soooo good. It was my boyfriends birthday when we ate at Simon and everyone went above and beyond to make sure it was a birthday dinner to remember. They were all incredibly friendly and attentive. The atmosphere was awesome. It was definitely the best meal I've had in a long time... Probably the best meal I've ever had. Thanks, Ben! :)
2	Two words:  shitty service
4	The Sunday pajama brunch continues to be the greatest thing ever. All the servers wear pajamas and guests are encouraged to wear theirs (and actual warm and fuzzy pjs, not sexy Vegas lingerie). And you get bottomless beer, and/or mimosas, and/or bellinis, and/or make-your-own bloody marys. Personally, I'm not a fan of bloody marys, but I love them here. I enjoy playing around with the different vodkas, salts, veggies, fruits, and hot sauces. Oh so many hot sauces!The actual food offerings are great too - and fun! The buffet / grab it yourself offerings are everything from dirt cups to sushi rolls to crepes to jumbo shrimp. The menu items, which are made just for you and brought to your table, are everything from breakfast pizza to lobster brioche to french toast to M&M pancakes. And then, of course, there's all the junk food platter and all the candy bowls. It's just such a fun place and environment!The restaurant itself has floor to ceiling windows and sits right by the pool, so it's a nice view.
5	Oh how I love you "SIMON'! Cotton Candy for dessert! What perfection.  Way cool vibe and awesome, hip, charming and sexy, chef, Kerry cant be beat!  Home away from home in Vegas.  ;-)
3	I will begin by declaring my love for Simon Kitchen back in its Hard Rock heyday. Ten years ago, I could be found here regularly, so it's a real treat to dine here now. The food is still delicious and the service is outstanding. However, there was a hiccup last night. We had reservations and arrived an hour early to have drinks with friends in the bar. We still had to wait about 45 minutes for our table, which was kind of annoying because like I mentioned, we had reservations AND arrived early. The bar area is very classy, with comfortable bar stools and cozy lounge seating (trust me since this was where I spent the majority of my time last night).The food is outstanding - between all of us we had a little bit of everything (check out my pictures). I accidentally knocked over a bellini (thanks to being relegated to the bar for nearly 2 hours pre-dinner I suppose???) and my server promptly replaced it. He also brought us some spicy tuna on crispy rice to try which was fabulous!Despite the fact that I've eaten here for years and will continue to do so in the future, I got really sick a few hours after eating here last night (and it wasn't alcohol related). After enjoying our dinner, we went and danced at The Playboy Club, then headed over to the Ghost Bar, and had to leave abruptly because I was feeling ill. I'm pretty sure it was the gravy on the meatloaf.
4	this review is only for the sunday brunch. i would give this place 4 stars for their bottomless bloody marys alone ($15, so worth it), which you customize yourself from a bar that includes pretty much everything under the sun that you may think of putting in a bloody mary, from pickled garlic to slim jims (sounds gross, but works) and oh, literally about 100 different hot sauces with names like 'bloody rectum', among others.as for the food, there's the serve yourself bar with seafood, baked goods, cereal, smoothie station, etc.. as well as a menu you can order individual items off of- i only tried the french toast and lobster brioche benedict, and both were pretty top notch (of course i was a few drinks in on top of a pretty proper hangover).service was friendly and professional, the extra touches, like jars full of old school candy- smarties, laffy taffy, nerds, swedish fish, so cute.
3	Was looking forward to trying a new place for brunch, brunch is one of my favorite weekend meals. Made a reservation an got in with no problem. Decor was eclectic, loved all the windows and how bright it was with natural light coming through. It was kinda chilly out so only a couple brave people in the pool. We were greeted immediately by our server and offered all you can drink mimosas, bellini's or bloody mary's for $17. This is average price and also I think it's well worth it. So I agreed. As I'm drinking my first glass, she then tells me to get the $17 all you can drink you have to get the $40 brunch buffet. Huh? Why? That doesn't make any sense at all. I'm not a all you can eat type I person, I prefer to order one plate and enjoy what I ordered, not over eat on massive amounts of food. So I was a little upset I was being forced into the brunch buffet. I ordered the crunchy french toast to share, it was pretty good. I wasn't a fan of "the fortress" our server recommended. It was fried Mac n cheese on the bottom loaded with pulled pork, an egg. It was sitting in a pool of grease. Barf. I pretty much stuck with the baguette station, I liked the blu cheese and fig and the pecorino and honey comb, oh an the banana nutella crepe. So I pretty much paid $40 for snacks. Well the bellini's were good, and my company was excellent. Overall I enjoyed my brunch, but I wouldn't go back after paying $65. I will stick to DW Bistro or First Food & Bar. I can get my all you can drink mimosas and just order a plate of something.
5	God or evolution?The age old debate is settled once and for all at Simon Restaurant.I think this was by design, because to get here, you'll traverse two buildings, board two elevators, ride on two very long moving walkways (called sky tubes),  and go through dark twisting-turning hallways before finally locating the place.You've just championed Darwin's theory; survival of the fittest. Because no-one sporting a walker, cataract glasses, oxygen rig, or cane will dare attempt this long and arduous journey for fear of an untimely ending.Their fate? The first floor lunch buffet.  And yours? Simon.What's that old adage? "To the victor goes the spoils?"Well your long walkabout will not go unrewarded my friend, as you find yourself spoiled by the food, service and surroundings of this fine establishment.The decor and its well appointed interior.The pool area, showcased through floor to ceiling glass walls. Fashionistas everywhere, laughing, sipping colored beverages adorned with little parasols, acting as though nobody in the world matters but them. Businessmen, in Armani suits.And the sun seekers  by the pool, wearing swimsuits fashioned only from a small length of colored thread. Then there's the food.A pre-meal bread basket with pretzel and zucchini bread.A french dip sandwich so sumptuous, both its imagery and flavor will linger for hours.A tenderloin salad with all the usual accouterments, neatly compartmentalized to suit even the most anal of eating habits.You've found the Mecca of Las Vegas eateries.It's about this time your wife asks you how you heard about Simon.I suppose you could lie, explaining how you watched an Iron Chef America episode where Kerry Simon unmercifully beat Cat Cora into submission, but she'd know you  were bullshitting since you only watch shows like Pawn Stars and Hillbilly Handfishin'.Just tell her the truth for once.You got bad directions to the mens room and wound up here.For once, she'll appreciate your uncanny sense of direction.
3	Overpriced. But delicious!That's all I can think of when I look back on my dinner at Simon. Everything was lovely and the food was wonderful. But when I pay $39 for a NY Strip, I expect at least some sort of side dish to go with it! Especially if they list "sliced potatoes" on the menu with it! What they mean by "sliced potatoes" is "about a dozen dime-sized medallions that mostly just soak up the meat juices for you." Our waitress talked me into ordering a side of mac & cheese. I could hear the cash register go ka-ching as I agreed to tag a $9 pot of cheesy pasta onto my already-swollen bill.Again, I must say that the meal was delicious. I just had to keep my mind off of the price while I ate or I would've lost my appetite. Also, while waiting for our friends to meet us, the waitress asked if we'd like some grilled edamame to snack on while we waited. "Sure," we said, "why not?" She failed to tell us it cost $8. C'est la vie! $8 edamame, $39 steak, $9 macaroni & cheese = $56. And I didn't even get alcohol.
4	Was there for the brunch menu, between the buffet items and large menu selection it was totally worth the prices. Everything was delicious and most items are unique to Simon brunch.The service was terrible, there are so many servers walking around and they take forever to get to you, if they remember to place your order at all. Still, I'd go back.
3	I wanted to love this place but the truth is I just didn't:( The food was just okay. Most of the best dishes you had to order so by the time they made it to the table you end up picking at a lot of the not so great stuff. With all the choices in Vegas I probably won't come back.
5	Butternut soup is excellent and creamy. Zucchini bread with butter is heaven. Special BBQ pizza, topped avocado, it was sublime.BBQ pulled pork sandwich was yummy, especially with the slaw on the sandwich, the fries as always were perfect. Happy hour delight! Baked California roll topped with eel sauce and cream cheese! Oh and the edemmame is tossed in a wok with ginger salt and lime ;-)Also happy hour marinara meatball sliders topped with a pepperoncini and breaded mozzarella was awesome as was the mac and cheese gratin with truffle!
5	When I lived in Vegas, I always introduced my out-of-town guests to brunch at Simon. They all had the same response - Simon was their favorite food experience of the trip and this is the one place they wanted to come back on subsequent trips.For hair of the dog - they offer a Bloody Mary bar and bottomless mimosas.For brunch - they serve a la cart menu items as well as buffet-style stations with healthy options ranging from wheat grass shots to sushi.The wait staff dresses in pajamas and they are always delightful to talk with in a post-party hungover state.When your hangover is slightly cured, be sure to splurge and try their desert tray... they are kinda famous for it. It's an awesome platter of carnival-worthy delights presented with a tower of cotton candy.As an added bonus, you have access to the adjacent pool lounge until the late afternoon - a great place to chill and relax whilst recovering from your food coma. My rec - take your bottomless mimosa to-go style and soak in some rays by the pool. You'll feel good as new for another night out!Dinner at Simon is fantastic too, but brunch is definitely my preferred experience.
4	Loved the view at this place, right next to the pool.  Also loved the lighting and the ambiance of the dining areas.  Very romantic setting when it isn't too crowded, even though there were TV's in the background.Food was good, though not great.  Not too expensive, although if you're looking to order steak, you're probably going to end paying $60 for your portion alone (the steak does not come with any sides other than a few thin dime-shaped potatoes).Didn't love the service, which was fairly slow despite the restaurant being far from crowded.
5	This place has the best french toast in Vegas.
5	Amazing food! The grilled edamame are fantastic and the chicken pesto pizza left my mouth watering for more. Tried a bunch of different dishes and loved everything! The crabcake was my favorite. Awesome little spot right by the pool and I loved the decor.
4	Go for brunch, the food is inventive and solid, and I know for a fact is scratch made in the back. Kerry Simon cares about his food, and his sweets he makes.  The staff is mellow, and usually in pajamas on the weekend, plus you are looking at palms place pool while you eat.  The place is swanky/douchy/trendy but still manages to be cool, without being over the top.  Go eat here, you will not be bummed out you did
4	Wok fired edemame - YES!Tiger roll - YES!Salmon skin roll - okayTuna tartar - just okay, could use some sesame seed oilFresh bread selection-awesome!  Soft pretzels and banana bread. Yummmm!Not really understanding how this place runs. The hostess doubles as our waitress. So why was there a wait when we were sat in the middle of a bunch of empty tables only for the hostess to wait us?  Weird.
5	My favorite brunch in Vegas. This place is so, so, so good in so many different ways.First, a brief word about how the brunch works. It's a hybrid of buffet service and a la carte, which usually means either/or. In this case, it means AND. As a proud glutton, I'm a big fan of "and." You can order whatever you like from the kitchen, and while they're making your dishes, you can graze from the many - god I hate this phrase - "action stations" where chefs whip up smoothies, sandwiches, sushi and more. The meal is $40 or so per person.The best things to get from the buffet stations include ham and fontina on pretzel bread or the pecorino honeycomb panini. Especially the latter - the combination of sweet and savory here is amazing. From the sushi station, the crispy rice and tuna is craveworthy and delicious.But don't fill up without getting an entree or two from the kitchen. Best of the bunch is the French toast, made of a melt-in-your-mouth brioche dredged in Frosted Flakes. Skip the syrup, this doesn't need it.The Margherita pizza is decent - it's not VPN, of course, but it's quite tasty. The lobster benedict also and the banana Nutella crepes also got rave reviews from my companions.The meal concludes with the infamous SImon junk food platter, which features Kerry Simon's versions of things like the Hostess cupcake, Rice Krispie Treats, chocolate chip cookies, brownies and even a pile of cotton candy. Save room.Drink service: they offer a $17 add-on option for bottomless Bellinis or Bloody Marys, the latter of which you can customize to your liking with dozens of veggies, hot sauces, condiments and add-ons all the way up to Slim Jims.The atmosphere is great. The casual vibe is enhanced by the staff in pajamas, and sometimes the guests as well. Kerry Simon has been in the kitchen every time I've eaten here, and Palms founder George Maloof is regularly in the front of the house.By far the best reason to get out of bed before noon on a Saturday. Or after - they serve until 4pm.
5	At first we were seated next to a VERY loud table, and without saying anything the waitress asked if I wanted to be moved--somehow she just knew.  Everything was incredible, from the food to the service.  The best meal we had on our trip.
3	We went for breakfast. It is all I can review. It was ok, nothing special. The servers were pleasant. I am not sure I would go back. I have had better breakfasts at other places for half the price.
3	If not for the appetizers and dessert, this would be ranked much lower. Outstanding vibe from the restaurant, and excellent hostess and wait staff. Appetizer pizza, grilled edamame, and Caesar salad were superb, but the entrees disappointed. The special meatloaf had an unpleasant aftertaste, the roasted chicken was bland, and the salmon was unpalatable. As stated by others here, desserts are creative and fabulous, especially the sno-balls.
3	Simon is an all you can eat brunch located in the Palms Place.  I was excited to try it due to what I've heard, but I was somewhat disappointed.  For $39/person, there was a limited menu in my opinion.  You have to order most of the dishes and the waitress brings it out for you.  I tried the Lobster Havarti and Margarita Pizza which were both just ok.  There is also all you can eat salmon and yellowtail sashimi, but they weren't as fresh as I had hoped.  Overall, it's probably only worth it for someone who can eat a LOT (and not a little Asian girl like me lol)
5	Nice lounge for happy hour!  Convenient location if you're staying at the Palms Place hotel and looking for an early bite/refreshing cocktail.  Get there between 4-7 (M-F) when they have select wine/mixed drinks and appies for $6.  Sushi rolls were good and the smoked chicken flatbread pizza was excellent ($14).  Interior is modern yet simple with glass walls overlooking the pool.  We went last Thurs and it was busy enough to have a good vibe yet still found a seat okay with good service.
2	Had dinner with my friends because 2 of them had a deal from group on so we all decided that's fine we're willing to try out new places. Of course we're lagers and was late thought we would've had to wait even though we had reservations as soon as we parked the car and walked up it was empty but was understandable because it was during EDC weekend. The atmosphere was suppose to be dimmed but it was super dark in there.Sat down and looked at the menu & there's not really much items .. I was feeling like a steak would satisfy my hunger so I order the fillet Mignon my rating for that eh.. its okay I guess. I had also order a side of grilled asparagus all of that including my friends orders took them a whole hour just to bring out our food, I looked around and thought man it's pretty busy for them since its taking so long but nope there was only 7 people in there not including the group I went with & the workers .. wthell really?Finally our food came out .. I was pretty excited to fulfill my hunger man was I so disappointed. The grilled asparagus sucked so bad it was burnt  and the steak was alright like I had mention before, I had better. The mashed potatoes .. no comment. The meat loaf .. gag sorry to say. The dessert was little zinger looking cupcake bites & cotton candy something different but cotton candy really? For a 'high end looking restaurant' they're super cheap with the dessert can't even serve ice cream or something .. My overall review : will I go back there? NOPE.  no wonder they had a deal on group on ..
4	Sunday brunch is great but expensive.  Daily lunch menu is limited.  Service has always been good. Great people watching at the pool. Amazing cotton candy and dessert sampler. I'm a fan.
4	This is a fun brunc place where they offer unlimited champagne or bloody marys! The food is of excellent quality and beautifully presented. You must save room for the "candy bar" dessert! My last trip lacked the same fun as some dishes were no longer on the brunch menu. I truly missed the chicken and waffles and Simons famous meatloaf.
4	There is no place like Simon at the Palms Place for a fun, trendy, funky and innovative brunch. Everything from the atmosphere - great music, floor-to-ceiling windows with an amazing view of the pool, to the beautiful people who dine and work here makes this establishment second to none. Normally, I would have rated this place 5-stars, but took away one because the service was a bit slow the last 3 times I visited.I can't say enough about the food.  Simon provides the most extensive menu from the more traditional brunch favorites to the most imaginative. I love the Lobster Brioche and the M&M pancakes!  They also feature a candy bar for dessert with a wide selection of delectable sweets to top off your meal.  Sample Simon's special "Junk Food Plate" that comes with homemade snowballs, Rice Krispies treats, homemade Hostess cupcakes, chocolate chip cookies and cotton candy!  It's definitely not for the faint of heart and serious health freaks, but you only live once, right? And, what Sunday Brunch wouldn't be complete without beverages!  For an additional charge, you have your choice of "bottomless" beer, all-you-can-drink Mimosas or Bellini's, or make-your-own Bloody Mary's.  Need to recover from too much partying the night before?  They've got you covered!  Just roll by the "Hangover Bar" where you'll find baskets of Advil, Tums, and Pepto Bismol!
5	Another great experience at SIMON! Brought my girlfriend here for lunch on our last trip. I had originally wanted to sit at the Sushi Bar, but the hostess told us that we could only order Sushi there. So since Diane had never had Sushi, we decided to just get a table.I ordered the Sushi Sampler and a nice bottle of Sake. Diane got a French Dip Sandwich and Fries. The Sandwich was good, but the Fries were fantastic! Crispy yet tender on the inside. My Sampler was also really good with a California Roll, Spicy Tuna, Eel, Salmon and even a Spider Roll. It was so good that Diane even tried some and loved it so much that wants to eat at the Sushi Bar next time. Every time I visit a Simon Restaurant I experience great customer service. This time they were out of the Sake I ordered, but the Bar Manager gave me a better bottle (i.e. more expensive) one at the price of the one I ordered. Also, as we were walking out of the restaurant, a server tripped over my wheelchair (I didn't see him either). He stopped, made sure I was OK and even gave me a "Bro-Hug" before moving on. That was a definite first for me!
5	I had dinner here on my final evening in Las Vegas and could not have chosen a better location. The food and service were absolutely fabulous, the grilled pepper appetizer was delicious and the sushi I ordered for a main course was of a very high standard. Dessert was beautifully decadent and the brown sugar martinis are dangerously good. The decor is ultra-modern but tasteful and the overall ambience is very sophisticated and cool. This was a very memorable and pleasurable dining experience. Simon is a classy restaurant populated by classy people. More than worth the money.
5	SUNDAY BRUNCH:What a terrific way to spend a beautiful Sunday morning.  This brunch has it all from the character, atmosphere, unique brunch items and service.  I like how they encourage even the customers to come wearing pajamas.  We opted not to but we definitely will next time. To say I went over the top with the food is an understatement.  The fullest I have ever felt in my left and believe me when I say I can be a ridiculously gluttonous pig.  Even my wife who eats with me everyday was taken a back.  I was out of control. I did actually have as small as a dinner the night before in order to be as hungry as I could do get my $40 worth of all you can eat.  We started with the dishes at the self serve area.  There were 6 choices at the panini/sandwich/crepe station and we had 3 of them.  The super friendly and helpful gentleman manning the station suggested his favorite which was a slice of baguette grilled in some kind of honey and butter which was outstanding.  My only thought was that it would taste even better while being inebriated.  The crepes were just ok and could've been a little more toasty than spongy but that's just our preference. The sushi station was way above the average buffet sushi.  All the nigiri and rolls were made to order with the exception of Simon's signature crispy tuna which were amazing.  I had 8 pieces of crispy tuna and 8 pieces of salmon.  They also had a whole slab of smoked salmon layed out and I probably had 5 slices of that.The juice station!  I loved this.  Does any other restaurant offer this as part of the menu?  Please let me know if there is because I would be all over this.  Freshly squeezed fruit, protein shakes, vegetable juices, yogurt smoothies and I could have as many as I wanted to.  Damn, dude!  I must've had 7 glasses of various liquids.  I didn't partake in the extra alcohol deals since I didn't feel like being bombed and then hungover by 4pm.  But the deals were reasonable: $12 for unlimited Black Star beer or $17 for unlimited champagne/mimosa/bellinis or $14(?) for unlimited trips to the make your own bloody mary bar.  I would rather have them make my bloody mary since I would screw it up but it looked quite popular.And on top of all this great stuff there's the a la carte menu.  We had the french toast which I think was encrusted with Frosted Flakes.  It was crunchy, sweet with a soft center.  Genius!  4 different types of hash.  I generally dislike Hollandaise sauce but it was ok with the steak hash.  We also got an additional fill of protein from the egg white frittata which was packed with 5 different veggies including corn, onion and several peppers.  I was unable to finish the frittata due to the fact they must've used about 12 eggs in it.  Breakfast pizza is a must.  So wrong yet so right.  Topped with sausage, bacon, country gravy and other ingredients that make diets run and hide.  I inhaled it like a champion.  You've probably heard of the meat sweats but have you ever heard of breakfast sweats?  That's what I went through about an hour after the meal.  So much good food.  I am definitely going to pace myself better next time and will definitely do less carbs as well but everything looked (and tasted) so damn good!
5	Awesome happy hour!!!!!No reservations needed, or taken, even on a Friday. Totally low key, great view, friendly staff, great menu and Mojitos. I didn't care for the sangria, but who cares, everything else was so good.I'm just mad I didn't get the cotton candy :-)
4	Simon is best known for their fun Sunday brunches.  For $39 bucks, you can order anything off the a la carte menu (omelettes, pancakes, french toast, potatoes, candy, etc) and have full access to the buffet style offerings (sushi, shrimp, sandwiches, etc).  There is also an all you can drink mimosa or bloody mary bar (~17$).  The staff is AWESOME!  We were greeted by the BEST general manager ever, Mr. Q!  He was so friendly and accommodating.  I requested some MARIAH and next thing you know, Mariah's greatest hits is blaring from the speakers.  The restaurant is very low key and I believe they may even have themed weekends were people dress up in costume.  Honestly, you wouldn't be out of place if you showed up in your PJ's.
4	Very nice indeed. We went for dinner on a Friday. The views are great, and of a wrap-around pool.Our server was excellent and had a good sense of humor, and didn't mind sharing her favorites or explaining specials. The atmosphere here is slick and inviting, and Palms is about a 5 minute walk from the Rio. If you are staying there, go here, not the Rio rooftop restaurant. I had a very interesting maple syrup pork chop and some nice slightly charred edamame with a cheese edge to it. The bathrooms were nice and so were the hosts, the busboys, and the other patrons. If you are looking for a west-of-strip nice place to take a small group or a date, this is it.
2	Review for Sunday Brunch:Food 4.5Service 1 and that is being kind.I love the concept of half buffet and half ordering off the menu.   You really can't go wrong with assorted pastries, sushi, shrimp, smoothie bar and a panini  and crepe station just to name a few options.   Off the menu the standouts for me were the Lobster Brioche, apple cinnamon pancakes, pork ribs and the junk food dessert platter.  Honestly, I thought the food was all amazing.Now, the service on the other hand was a major fail!  I'm paying for bottomless drinks and I shouldn't have to wave or hunt down staff for this.  Even ordering our first items off the menu upon arrival took quite a while.  Keep in mind we joined a large ongoing birthday party in the back dining area.  At one point someone in our party took it upon themselves to retrieve the champagne and serve us.  Just like my prior visit for dinner, Simon did come out which is a nice touch.  I do love the atmosphere and our group did wear PJs which is fun so I will probably be back but for the price I expect better service and next time won't be afraid to ask for management if I'm not getting it.
3	Located in Palms Place ---with a perfect view of the pool... this is a great spot to grab dinner or lunch .. even cocktails..  --they have a Monday - Friday Happy Hour  with great sangria very well executed ... with great service...  I did appreciate the hours of this restaurant ... opening at 7 am and serving actual breakfast -- was a great plus!   -- a Sushi Bar is hidden around the corner -- not visible from the entrance...a local hangout as well-- not just those looking to sin ... in SIN city!  cheers!
4	you'e gotta come for their sunday brunch. it's very funky in here. you'll know what i mean when you come. their brunch menu is a lil limited but it's in the best ways. benedicts, french toast, pancakes, etc, it's all made to order. the other items, cold stuff, is out for you to serve yourself. you have the option of paying 20$ more for the all you can drink heinekens or for the do it yourself bloody mary bar. Service, to me, was just OK. I felt like one of the waitresses would scoff at my group when we asked for something or ordered more food. That was confusing, do you or don't you want us to order more? Hmm. Whatever. Our food was delish and was delivered in a timely manner. The ribs were SOOOO tender. those french toast items in frosted flakes were kinda cool too, but something I couldn't eat tons of. Their sangria was tasty and not tooooooo strong. The view was great, of the pool. I didn't love the fact that the hostess kept on telling us that we basically weren't welcome in the dining room area because a large party had a reservation. at least we found seating in the bar area. goodness. The candy bar at the entrance/exit for the restaurant was a fun lil add on too. you gotta check it out for their 70's theme brunch!items on the brunch menusushifruitbloody mary barAYCD beereggs benedictlobster benedictribsbiscuits n gravyfrench toastpancakesetc
3	Well if I could give it a 2.4, I would, so you need to understand, I am not A-OK with it.  WE read some good reveiws and we were staying at the Hotel, we thought that happy hour would be a great first stop for our night.  Its not that the food was lacking, it was okay.  The service was so inconsistant! One of the bar tenders was spot on, and his description of the food was accurate and mouthwatering. The other, couldn't find his ass with both hands, not that he didn't seem nice, just a little lacking on the understanding and slow on the uptake. We had Big Eye Tuna, it was fantastic, grilled just right, meaty and well seasoned. The Mac and cheese was an utter disappointment. Hell, Velvetta shells and cheese is a step up.  Drinks were strong and well made. But, the overall visit was just below average and left me wanting more.  We stayed in the Hotel four days and never went back if that tells you anything.Oh, yeah, one more thing, left me give you a little tip, sticky plastic covered menus are for diners, not wanna be chic bars.  Take damp dishcloth, wipe all surfaces of menu to clean them, repeat for all menus!  The two that we had were disgusting.
4	This is a major hidden gem in Las Vegas and is a must-visit. I am pretty sure that if it was on the main strip it would be a lot more popular and there would be lines of people.I like how it's a hybrid of buffet and made-to-order food during the Sunday brunch (but you still only pay $40 for AYCE). I wouldn't go any other time than during the Sunday brunch because during this time you can try everything. My favorite thing was the Philly Eggs Benedict--amazing. The paninis and sushi were good as well. You get cotton candy at the end of your meal and you can even take home candy from the tiered shelf near the entrance. These innovative ideas make Simon really stand out.The atmosphere was amazing, the service was great, and there's a nice view of the pool.This is the one of the best food joints to go to off the strip.
5	Kerry Simon originally caught my attention when he ran The Cathouse (loved that place when he had it).  He is an exceptional Chef that isn't in the limelight like so many who do not have his skill set in the kitchen.  Having met him I can tell you that he is a very classy man who is calm and very warm to everyone.So knowing who he is of course I had to bring the girls to Simon's for dinner who ALSO fell in love with his food.  Simon's is an elegant and understated restaurant with a view onto the pool of the Palm's Place.  There is a serenity here that makes the amazing food that much better to enjoy.Staff is EXCELLENT, decor oh yes and the food, OMG the food is sooooo good.  Menu can change, my two favorites are the Rock Shrimp off of the appetizer menu and the Truffle Mac n Cheese with Lobster.  DAMN this is good.There is a sushi menu and on Sundays they have Pajama Brunch so much food to choose from.  There is also a beautiful bar area that you can sit have a drink and a quick bite if you didn't want to do the whole dinner.We loved this place so much we came to it 4 times in one weekend.  We were staying at the Palms Place so that was a factor but point is we were never tired of it.Look forward to a fun end to your meal, I won't spoil the surprise.  : )
4	Considering this restaurant serves every kind of food imaginable (curry, sushi, meatloaf, cotton candy), it is quite tasty!  I went here for a group dinner on a work trip and while, the food was good, the main attraction was the cocktails.  I'm not sure that I would came back for the food but I will definitely be back for the cocktails!
4	high scale restaurant, very tasty meals with an awesome modern architecture. The restaurant has a beautiful view of the pool ( nope, no bikinis or naked people lol) you can also enjoy sushi or Sashimi which was delicious. their desert was very creative, the flavor was nothing special but the presentation of the junk box was very enjoyable. service: Very Goodprep time: 15 minAtmosphere:  semi-elegant, relaxing...Best Thing:  The junk box ( i just like playing with the cotton candy) and the atmosphere
2	I ate lunch here and I was disappointed.  The pretzel bread they started us off with was tasty but very salty.  I ordered the sushi sampler, which for $22 came with a small California roll, small spicy tuna roll, and a tiny piece of deep-fried soft shell crab.  Another person in the group ordered the Simon Bento Box that came with a California roll, a mochi, and a tiny portion of seaweed salad.  I don't necessarily look for big portions but it really looked paltry for a $20 lunch meal.  Based on some good reviews, I may try dinner sometimes but I definitely would not go back and order the lunch sushi meals again.
4	Our visit was nice, romantic, good service with delicious food.  I had the meatloaf and I enjoyed it. I wish I had gone for brunch so I could have had the junk food box. Maybe next time.
4	Our dinner and Sunday brunch were great! I enjoyed both very much! Went there for dinner on Friday night, we changed our reservation time a couple times cause we couldn't be sure when we could get there, but the host girl was so nice, she accommodated us a good table when we got there, a window seat with good views of the pools, just what I requested. Ordered a "blueberry blush" specialty cocktail, it was so tasty, liked it a lot, followed by a grey goose dry martini, I was a little buzzed. Liked the menu, they have a sushi & sashimi menu too. Our dinner food: Complimentary assorted bread basket with warm butter: so delicious! Loved the sweet ones Simon sashimi scallops: flamed scallops were very tender, delicious Mackerel & salmon egg sashimi: very fresh, yummy Edamame, wok charred: a little burned outside, but they were still yummy, great to snack on while waiting for our foodLobster miso soup: very delicious Filet Mignon with mushrooms: hubby loved it so much, the sauce was great, the mushrooms were so yummy! Side order of seasonal veggies and mushrooms with roasted garlic cloves: the veggies were OK, the mushrooms and garlic were so good! So flavorful! Our waiter was so nice, he was so attentive, made sure everything was great with us, we had a great relaxing dinner there, tab was $175. And I want to thank him for having the host girl call front desk about our suite, it was not ready at the time we tried to check in, he even asked them to give us credit towards to our dining, so nice of him!The Sunday brunch was amazing too, all the servers wore Paul Frank pajamas! How cute! Loved the Bloody Mary buffet, they have a whole bunch of hot sauces and pickled veggies to put in! I loved it they have sushi & sashimi bar, loved the spicy tuna rice cake, smoked salmon, salmon sashimi, they were so fresh! We could order from the menu too, Benedicts like lobster havarti, steak hash were so yummy, BBQ pork baby back ribs were great, hubby loved those. The desert was amazing! The cotton candy was heaven, there was a candy bar in the front of the restaurant, so many assorted candies and chocolates. Brunch buffet for two with a Bloody Mary buffet and sparkling water was $92. I absolutely loved it! Wow Simon! My new favorite restaurant in Vegas! Loved the casual relaxing atmosphere, great service and delicious food!
2	We just had sushi rolls - TERRIBLE. They need to replace the sushi chef. I'm sure he doesn't know what he is doing. Fish isn't fresh, either. Sumeshi (sushi rice) was horrible. We ordered something else - but can't even remember - we were not impressed at all. It's kinda better version of Cheese Cake Factory, I thought. One star is for the huge cotton candy - good photo op! Service was pretty good, too. So, 2 stars. Sorry, never going back.
2	Simon's is located on the fifth floor of Palm's Place. This was once the place to be with it's pool access and innovative drinks. Now, it is kind of outdated and the food is just okay. A few friends and I have been on a brunch kick and this was one of the first we have visited. The buffet spread includes crawfish, shrimp, sushi, sashimi, paninis, crepes, baked goods, fresh fruit, smoothies, and protein shakes. The kitchen pumps out all the hot foods. This is where you will get your eggs benedicts, pizzas, french toast, pancakes, and entrees.  Add an addition $17 for all you can drink bloody mary or $21 for mimosas, bellinis, or champagne. Out of everything we tried, the french toast was the only dish I wanted more of. Everything else was decent, but not wow worthy. For $40, I would probably go to a place that doesn't do AYCE and get one dish I really enjoy or do one of the high end buffets.
2	Had somewhat high expectations of SImon based on other reviews.  Called to make a reservation for 2 at 8pm on a Sunday.  Hostess asked if we could do 7:45, sure no problem.  Got there at 7:45 and the place was nearly EMPTY.   Why couldn't I reserve a table at 8pm when there as maybe 5 other tables in the entire place that were occupied?  The atmosphere is great, very modern and overlooks a lit pool which gives nice ambiance.   Ordered the fried calamari for an app, very good.   GF ordered the sirloin and I wanted the ribeye.  Nope.  Out of ribeye.  So I asked him what else was the best on the menu and he said the black cod.  Sure Ill try it.  Loaded with fennel and undercooked.  Yuck.  The Sirloin was OK but was not cooked well.  Went from medium rare on one end of the steak to well done on the other.  Had a show to catch so no time to send it back.  Overall a disappointment.  If you have one place to try while in Vegas go to Sage, which was great.
3	10/21/12 Dinner3.5*  Simon is one of the winner of Diners' Choice Award on OpenTable by which I make the dinner reservation. On a recent buddy trip to Vegas, I decided to bring my friend Juan to Simon. Saturday evening at 6:30 the restaurant is beautifully lit by the lights of the pool outside. It's located on the 5th floor terrace of Palms Place. Surprisingly, the hostess led us to a table for four tugged away at the corner of the restaurant, overlooking the wrap-around pool through floor-to-ceiling plate glass. We could sit side by side to enjoy the view.Since we've been drinking cocktails earlier in the afternoon, we did not order any alcohol. Our server was very courteous and friendly, making suggestions and frequently checking on us during the meal. We enjoyed:Shisito Peppers withpozu sauceOrganic Rotisserie Chicken with black rice, farro, beet greens, black currants, pine nutsGrilled pork chop with candied Brussels sprout tempuraSimon gives you generous portions. We didn't finish the shisito peppers, who came in a 8 oz bowl. They were tasty but spicy. Both the chicken and pork chop were delicious, but nothing special. The candied Brussels sprouts were a tad greasy but they were perfect comfort food. Pork chop was not cooked all the way through and was tender.They had a nice sashimi and sushi bar, except it didn't to me that Simon is a destination for Japanese cuisine so I never tried.  This is a slick place, with nice atmosphere and friendly staff. I would come back to try their famous Sunday brunch and explore some of their fish entrees on the dinner menu, which include branzino, cod and trout.
2	We were looking for the best brunch in  Las  Vegas............this is NOT the place to come. They are very limited in there brunch selection. There suchi was good and the warm food from the kitchen was fine but it is Definitely not worth the price we paid.
3	Had my gf office party here. It was meh. Probably won't go here again but I can see the appeal to some folks
2	If this is how Chef Simon had worked on Iron Chef, Cat Cora would have kicked his ass!  The food came out 45 minutes after order ("30 Minute Lunch" - BS!).  The food was overcooked and the waiter did not come back to ask us anything after it was served (he came by at the end to give us the check).  Had to ask for most things twice (sugar for tea, mustard, straws).  Does the Chef not care that he has such crappy service??!  There are so many other places to eat in Vegas, one would think that Simon does not want to be one of the crappy places (wait, too late..).
5	Amazing service, supurb meal! Had the filet mignon with mushrooms and a calamari starter. The cut of meat was better than any high end steak house. LV, this is a little hidden gem! Don't forget to get the pop berry martini..you will be pleasantly surprised.
2	Came here with my girlfriend on a Friday night for happy hour, which is 4 to 7. Was told by the host that happy hour ends at 6pm when dinner starts.. odd. Anyways, the place looks great as it over looks the pool (which was empty as it was winter and pretty damn cold)  and has a fairly large fireplace located at the end of the room. The restaurant was completely empty, save the lounge which had a few other patrons, about 7 other people. The walk to get to this restaraunt was rather odd because we had go up an elevator, then walk across this "skyline" that consisted of walkway with flat escalators. Then, we had to take yet another elevator up to Simon Restaurant and Lounge.Back to the food. We ordered everything from the happy hour menu. Calamari, Meatball Sliders, Truffle Mac & Cheese, Pizza, Caesar Salad. and a few cocktails. As advertised, the cocktails are $6 but there is an $3 upcharge if you mix it with Redbull or other mixers. The food was just "OK". Nothing was special and nothing was memorable. The service was great on the other hand. The server and busser checked up on us from time to time and were friendly.
5	Living in Vegas we have our favorite dishes at certain restaurants. We love going to Simon for the wok fried edamame. It is by far the best and only place you will fine this type of edamame in town. There filets and truffle mac n cheese are great as well. If your looking for a great place to dine, great ambiance, and amazing food, head to Simon's. D-LISH!!!
5	We had an amazing Sunday brunch. We had a fantastic exerience. The whole concept was so much fun. We ate so much sushi. they serve my husband;'s favortie crispy sushi with spicy tuna. Frosted flake crusted French toast, Lobster eggs benedict, Egg whte fritta, peel and eat shrimp and an all you can drink bloody mary bar with something like two dozen different hot sauces.they had delicious sticky buns and lots of great fresh pastries. the had a really good vegetable juice which was kind of redundant after all the food we ate.Huge winner!We are going back for dinner soon.
2	Good service, food was good but not otherworldly, room is a Boston 8 but a Vegas 5. In an off-the-path location, not really worth the trek.
4	Sunday Brunch at Simon is my FAVORITE for out of towners who are here for a visit. I love the location, the view, the vegas atmosphere, and most of all - the service.The bloody mary buffet bar AND all you can drink mimosas are major pluses. I've enjoyed every benedict on the menu and the "white trash" menu items AND the simon junk food are big favorites among my friends.Frosted Flakes French toast is my go-to fave.Simon's Sunday Brunch worth every penny.
4	Staying at The Palms and there really are not many choices for food if you do not want to go offsite. As for breakfast, this may be the only choice unless you want the buffett or in room dining. I ended up having breakfast here and then met a customer right after for lunch. Breakfast was run of the mill - bacon and eggs. Lunch, was a french dip sandwich which was actually pretty good. The ambiance is pretty cool - the whole restaurant overlooks a pool. I would guess that during hot weather and a busier time, this could turn out to be a cool place to people watch.
1	We went to Simon's with high expectations. We were celebrating a big business success with some friends. There were 8 of us. I'll keep this brief. We ordered drinks. The first 4 came in about 10 minutes. another 5 minutes 3 more came. Another 5 minutes the last drink, a ginger ale, came. Mind you it was a Monday evening and there were maybe 3 other tables with couples. The place was dead. (I guess that should have been an omen). So it took us 20 minutes in order to be able to toast our friends. By this time all we could talk about was how crappy the service was and how the staff simply did not give a damn.We had to ask the waiter to take our order. We had to ask for water. We had to ask when the appetizers would come. We had to ask where was our food. Mind you, we are not speed eaters and understand the difference between eating and dining. But it was obvious the staff was more interested in catching up on gossip over the weekend than giving decent service. As for the mood, we were so angry, who knows. And they had the gall to add 18% gratuity at the end. They simply suck suck suck.
5	Buckle up, this is going to be fun!I am a huge fan of this restaurant, both for the creativity of their food,  their personable service, and finally (and most importantly) their consistency.I first went to Simon in September 2010 with my wife when were were staying at the Palms Place for our honeymoon. I was depressed at the lack of anything resembling nutrition that we'd had so far, so we thought we'd have a nice meal.It was an excellent meal, we had great conversation and the cherry on the top was the dessert, absolutely incredible. We left glowing and happy.The result was us returning for at least 2 meals a day for the remainder of our trip. We found a good thing, so why not experience most of the menu (and try the brunch if you're there on a Sunday).I love and found many of the dishes interesting and very creative. There was an inventiveness to the flavors that shone through in everything we ate, from meatloaf to braised ribs, and their Sunday brunch.Fast forward 2 years to last week. I was in town for a bachelor party. We wanted to have one nice meal, so I floated taking a cab over to palms place, reciting my prior experiences. The result was, again, an awesome experience. Our group filled up on Sushi, appetizers and barely had room for mains.The only thing I could possibly be critical of was that sometimes our drinks took a bit too long to arrive. Frankly that hurt them more than us, as we would have just ordered more drinks...I also have to give a shout out to their bussing staff. Absolutely awesome. Water always filled, table always clean - I've not experienced better.---What it comes down to is that Simon has done something that very few restaurants get right. I loved the restaurant the first time and returned over 2 years later - and it lived up to memory. That just never happens.So my hats off to management and staff. Please keep up the good work.
1	We had a reservation for 8pm, it's 8:25 and still waiting, we were told that we cannot be seated until a table opens up which makes me question why we bother with a reservation. So we are directed to wait in the lounge/bar area where we are ignored by the bartenders. When we approach management we are told they are severely under staffed this evening. We are only in Vegas for 3 days, 2 nights, so we carefully planned our itenarary, this huge delay is going to set us back with our scheduled plans, very disappointed. Also, this hotel is way off the strip and out of the way.  If I owned this restaurant, I would make some changes very quickly. I noticed others in the bar area that were not happy.
4	If you're stuck at the Palms with no car to get you off site, you are actually in luck. Simon is a truly great gastronomical experience. For a foodie place, the portions are decent and Simon has a soft spot for raw and vegetarian cuisine, so amounst the fancy meats and stuff, you will always find some interesting and wonderful plant based items on his seasonal menus.The atmosphere is lovely, the service has always been great and they also have some lovely fresh herbs and spices always growing in the back that are nice to see and visit.
5	We recently went for the Sunday Brunch and it was amazing.  Everything on the help your self area was fresh and A-1, and the Chicken Fried Chicken with an egg on top was one of the more delicious things I've ever had.  Big bloody mary and champagne bar also which aren't that expensive.  Overall you'll drop a bit of cash, but its worth it.
5	I went to Simon for dinner during my stay at the Palms resort. I went with my fiance, and I have to say that the mood was very nice in the restaurant. The lit up pool and fireplace created a nice atmosphere, and the vibe in the establishment was also very sheek. Refills were on point, and the service was wonderful. I came here on a deal from travelzoo that gave us a meal with an appetizer, dinner, drink, and dessert. The food was fresh and well presented. I would come here again with or without a coupon. During my stay to Vegas, I could not drink because I was on antibiotics (bummer I know), but the bar created a really cool non-alcoholic drink for me. I do not have anything negative to say about this establishment; therefore, five stars.
4	I was in town for a conference without a car and decided to check Simon out with a few new friends from the conference. Wow!We were totally not expecting how great this place would be. There were some pros and cons, but the food totally made it worth it. First of all, we got there around 6:30 on a Monday night and were told that because we didn't have reservations, we would be seated at a high top at the bar. We were a little confused because the restaurant was dead, but shrugged it off and figured it would get busy later. It never did. It remained mostly empty for the next two hours.We all ordered the pop rocks martini and it was to die for, very unique and not too sweet. We ended up ordering a sushi roll and side each and putting them all in the center of the table, family style, and sampling each others selections. This is definitely the best way to go. We ordered three sushi rolls, which were rather forgettable and I can't even remember their names. But the sides were exceptional. Truffled mac and cheese, tempura Brussels sprouts, and wasabi mashed potatoes. Holy cow. I can't even decide which one was my favorite.The waitress was very sweet, she even brought us a complementary plate of cotton candy before we left and was kind enough to split the tab. It wasn't even as expensive as I thought it was going to be, another definite plus. Give this place a try if you have the time!
5	Partick. Is truly a wonderful serve, and an asset to Simon's. He carries great Forbes standard etiquette. He goes above and beyond. They were out of iced tea to serve us from the bar, and Patrick was nice enough to run to their employee dining room to grab pitchers for us. He was so very sweet and attentive. It was a girls lunch with Joann S. and Charlie L. I ordered their farm fresh omelette on egg whites. It was delish and satisfying. It came with hash browns and it was a large portion. We also got to try their GIGANTIC cotton candy serving. Who knew that between two girls the cotton candy would be demolioshed. Talk about loving sweets...it also came with cookies. Patrick and Simon was nice enough to offer the sweet treats on the house.Partick. I just can't stop talking about his service. He was so sweet and hospitable also checking back to make sure were ok. Especially to make sure the mother-to-be needs were met, and that she was satisfied as well. Thank you Patrick for your awesome personality and service. Thank you Simon for the delish cotton candy which is a must try for the girls if you're going there for a girls day!
2	We were disappointed overall.To start, we had made reservations a week prior, not really knowing what time would be best since we were from out of town. We called earlier in the day to see if our reservation could be changed to an hour later and they told us they could but there would be an extra 45min wait on top of that. We scrambled and made it to our original time. Throughout the night we found it odd that there were many empty tables in the restaurant yet they couldn't move us to a later reservation w/out an extra 45mins wait...The service started out great, we ordered a few drinks before we put in our food order. They were served in a fair amount of time, we were not in a hurry or it could have been considered slow bar service. The server was very friendly, which was the only reason they got 2 stars instead of 1.We had a 4 course meal which they managed to screw up. They forgot to bring us one of our appetizers. Ok, mistakes happen, we let it go. Main course came out and it tasted good, fresh. But we waited an eternity for desert. From when we finished our main platter it took about 20 mins for desert to be brought out. There was a table next to us that had the same problem, they waited even a bit longer from what we noticed.With so many places in Vegas that are top notch, go elsewhere so you will not be disappointed.
1	This review is only for the service as we did not get a chance to eat.  Hostess Mariah was very nice but sat us down and never had a waiter approach us after 15 minutes.  There were only 2 other tables there the place was dead it was Thursday afternoon.  After 20 minutes of nobody acknowledging our existence, we got up and left.
1	I was in Vegas on business, and wanted a quiet breakfast away from the crowded places in the main hotel. I thought this would be a nice place for a good breakfast. Ugh. The omelette was completely bland and tasteless. It was inedible. I asked for Tabasco. Waiter brings this saucer with red liquid. Me :" um, excuse me, what is this?" Waiter, shrugging: "you asked for Tabasco?" Me: "you don't have a bottle?" Waiter, sadly: "yes, but it is empty..." Huh??  I ordered non-fat cappuccino but was brought a cup of brewed coffee instead. When I pointed out that I ordered a cappuccino, the waiter took it away and returned  two minutes later with a cup of gray liquid  - he said it was latte, but it just looked, and tasted,  like he poured milk into the cup of coffee they brought earlier. It was awful. This  was the worst breakfast i ever had in a hotel.
3	This place would be easy to dislike because of its pretentious vibe and its uberdouchey Palms Place location. But in truth, the food was awesome!Caveat: my date had a travelzoo voucher for $99 dinner-for-two. If I'd had to pay for this stuff myself, I probably wouldn't give it 3 stars. But for $99 we had a GREAT meal. Everything we had was good. The wok-fried edamame were a particular standout. I also had a tuna roll app and the Chilean "sea bass" a/k/a toothfish, both of which were good. We split a side of French fries, which were pretty much standard fries. Then the shticky "junk food" dessert platter, featuring foodie versions of all your favorite crap (Sno Ball, cotton candy, etc).Presentation was great, service was great, atmo was a bit pretentious but not unbearably so. Overall, I endorse this place... if money is not a concern.
3	Ok, when you are running an operation out of a high end locale, please...make sure your kitchen staff is well versed on "food inventory." You can't be ordering brunch on a weekend and all of the sudden you are told they are out of this and out of that! Come on!! Let's get our kitchen staff together and checking to see what is used more and order the supplies to cover those meals of the day.I visited the same restaurant twice in a period of 10 days to give them another chance and it happened again at dinner time! I ordered the octupus for the appetizer and again, "we are out of it." If this happens twice in a week, you definitely have a problem at this restaurant people. You can't be attaching the name of such a famous chef and not having your act together in this kitchen. Let's get organized people!!With the overall experience I have to say that our waiter was very candid with the whole situation and he was exceptional. Too bad he could not help out with the lack of preparation on the kitchen side, but with his service he was excellent. The taste of other dishes were also excellent and you can taste the quality of the ingredients in many of the dishes such as their breakfast french toast. The experience of the restaurant is very nice and I will give them a chance to straighten out their kitchen before I decide to return so I can have the dishes that I really want and not have to go through the same response as "we are out of that today or tonight!"Maybe YOU will have a better experience than me, so give it a chance and see.
5	We went to Simon's during our stay at the Palms.  It was awesome!  Ate at the bar while Mark and Fabian (bartenders) entertained us.  Their recommendations were on target.  Had the filet mignon, pork chops and went numerous times during our 4 day stay there.  The meat was cooked perfectly & juicy.  The added sauce accented the flavor of the meat enough not to cover it.  Breakfast was great except they didn't have sugar free syrup for diabetics.  Wanted to try their pancakes really bad.  Dinner there was what we love in a restaurant; friendly bartenders, servers and a great menu (chef).  The combination of great service and great food will make us come back. Kerry came out to talk to us and delighted us with his personality.  The Palms was perfect for us being we don't like the LV strip.  Highly recommend going their for food, fun and a wonderful time! Met interesting people too!
2	I read some other reviews and expected much more.  I would never pay the regular price for the food quality that we got.  This review is for the Travelzoo menu ($99 for two) which still seems a bit overpriced but it did include passes to their clubs, Moon and Ghostbar.The ambience is on the casual side as it overlooks the pool area.  There is a sushi bar and a regular bar inside.  We started the evening with a peach bellini (that tasted nothing of peach) and a watery sangria.  Bleh.  1 star for the drinks.Our amuse bouche was a crispy sushi rice.  It was not crispy, but rather chewy. The rice was too heavy; it was not well executed. 2 stars. I'm starting to see why this place is not crowded.Appetizers of spicy tuna roll and Caesar salad were ok...nothing special, dressing was a bit heavy on the salt. 2 stars.Hubby's Chicken Curry was decent, a little spicy and fruity with the pineapple chutney. I had the pan-roasted sea bass. While the fish itself was cooked nicely, it was presented skin on top which was not crispy at all. It was a poor attempt at pan roasting as the skin was soft and chewy.  It would have been better if they left it off. 2.5 stars.Mac n cheese gratin was a good sized portion to share but unfortunately, neither of us wanted to eat it. I like my mac n cheese to be creamy and cheesy and this one was disappointingly floury tasting. 2 stars.Dessert!  Everyone raves about the Junk Food Platter.  It's a great idea but the food was just ok.  I'd say it looks better than it tasted...basically sugar, sugar and more sugar!  The butterscotch thing tasted like sugar, the cookie looked good but tasted like a Chips Ahoy cookie, caramel corn was ok and the Rice Krispy treat could have come out of a foil pouch from Kellogg's.  I did not get around to the snoball or the brownie as everything was so sickenly sweet. 2 stars.The service was definitely slow.  When my sushi appetizer was brought out, there was no soy and no chopsticks to go with it.  Sure there was wasabi and ginger on my plate but this is not finger food...it took a few minutes just to get the items that should have been brought earlier or at the same time.  Also, I ordered another drink after appetizers and it did not show up until I was nearly done with my dinner. However, the waiter was very nice overall, apologized and did not charge me for forgetting about it, so 3 stars for him.I have to say that everything was presented nicely, so if you care what it looks like more than how it tastes, you will love it.  For me, I would prefer delicious food over artful presentation. With so many great Las Vegas restaurants to choose from, I would skip this place.
2	Trying to stay on budget while on vacay, I bought a Travelzoo voucher while in Vegas for Simon at the Palms. Even though it did save us money, I regretted it almost immediately. I would have rather spent a lot more money and have a better eating experience when on vacation.  Food wasn't terrible, but with so many options in Vegas and being used to great food in NYC, it left much to be desired.  It seems to get better reviews for brunch so maybe that was my mistake.  Live and learn.
3	Went for Sunday brunch and had a bit high expectations. Can't deny that the service was excellent but was it worth 75 bucks for unlimited food and booze? Not really. we tried:Paninis - all good but drySushi - not top notch but decentGreen juice - too much celeryBellinis - most bang for your buck on portionsMimosas - champagne glass but goodBeer is beerLobster benedict - yummy, too much saucePhilly benedict - goodApple pancakes - winnercorn flake crusted french toast - goodpork belly benedict - goodOverall it was good, nothing to complain about. I'm just not at a place in my life where I can pay 75 bucks for brunch and have it be a "good" experience. We could have stayed longer and drank, so that's on us.
3	Had a family dinner here last night. Simon is located on the 6th floor of Palms Place adjacent to Drift Spa and next to one of their pools & cabanas. The side facing the pool is all glass walls, which offer a nice poolside view. We were there for dinner, so the pool was already empty and the dining area dimly lit. The restaurant did seem pretty slow. Not sure if that's just because it's a weekday evening.Prices seemed slightly less than one would pay at any strip fine dining spot. So still pricey but not exorbitant. Since I was there with the family, I was able to sample quite a few items. I had the bolognaise. I had samples of the meatloaf, seared big eye tuna on quinoa, lobster mac n cheese. The bolognaise tasted good, although I was surprised it was served with cavatelli instead of something like tagliatelle. Just a different expectation I suppose. The meatloaf seemed a little bland. Seared tuna tasted decent but it was seared a bit too long I think, the cooked outer layer was a pretty big chunk of the slice. Lobster mac n cheese seemed a bit too truffle-y and rich to a few of us, but a few liked it. We had a slew of desserts. The fruit sorbet trio were clean and crisp tasting. A bit disappointed that there was no passion fruit sorbet upon receiving it after I ordered it because that was one flavor I really wanted to try. I did like the mango that came instead. The raspberry was nice, the lemon seemed a bit overly sour & tart.The service was very good. Checked upon often, waters refilled quickly. I give this place a solid 3.5 stars. Couldn't quite give it the nudge to 4. I heard about their brunch and happy hour specials. Those might be worth trying another time. Otherwise I'm not sure I would come again. Decent place with good service but theres probably alot of other places I'd go first. If you're staying at Palms Place and/or enjoying the pool there, it would definitely be an ok spot to nosh.
4	Have I ever mentioned how much I adore brunch? I love brunch. I love leisurely weekend mornings where it's socially acceptable to drink alcohol and stuff your face full of delicious rich foods and then sleep it all off afterwards. Simon offers up one of these brunches--the kind that you feel like you need to go on a juice cleanse after...and lucky for you, they offer juice-cleanse level juice. Simon 's brunch is a strange one, but it is delicious all the same. It is a mixture of buffet style and all you can eat small plates, which makes it a somewhat confusing experience. They could probably do away with the buffet-style portion and just do the small plates and make it easier, but then you wouldn't get the experience of watching crepes be assembled. (Assembled is the right word here--there is no crepe griddle or any real options for them other than the one Nutella/banana one. Still good, I mean, it has got Nutella, but it's not prime crepe time.)Standouts on the menu include the biscuit and gravy, French toast, blue cheese/fig crostini, pizzas, and cotton candy. The egg dishes leave a bit to desire--it's much more a sweet brunch than a savory one.The pajamas are cute, but I have to wonder if this is the last endorsement deal that Paul Frank ever got. I liked that monkey as much as anyone--15 years ago in middle school. Perhaps an update would make this place feel less tired like some reviews have mentioned.
5	Had a great time. The rib-eye was the best I've ever tasted. I always expect the best when I go to a restaurant like this and Kerry Simon does not disappoint. I didn't try the cotton candy this time, but will make sure to give it a shot on my next visit.
5	~ *****Five Stars across the board for Awesome Food, Excellent service, and Fabulous Ambiance! This is where I take all friends visiting Las Vegas and that's why I keep coming back! :)I Love, Love, Love Simon Restaurant and Lounge! (and the warm soft Pretzels!):)
2	I expected a lot more from Sunday brunch. I am a Vegas local and have been to several places on and off the strip for brunch. The food was ok at best but not great and not nearly what I expected as far as quality and selection. The restaurant is beautiful and has a great view of the pool. Our service was pretty good but a little slow and the she forgot several items. I was disappointed that we had to remind her several times with each item we ordered and refills on champagne, especially considering that the place was virtually empty. The only reason I have them 2 stars is that the server was friendly and very nice although a little scattered.
4	EVERYTHING I ate here was superb. I bought the Travelzoo for this 1 too luckily I also bought 1 for LA as well! :) #score The appetizer spicy tuna, Cesar, seabass and desert were wonderful
4	I don't often dine on the strip, or eat in casino restaurants, but my fiance and I enjoy trying new places to eat, and when we found a coupon for this place we decided to go. The restaurant and lounge is placed in the other tower of the Palms, away from the casino and other restaurants. It was initially difficult for us to find, but once we found it we enjoyed the laid back, semi-trendy atmosphere of the restaurant. When we first arrived we were told that because we didn't have a reservation the only seating available was at the bar. This was a little odd, since only about 20% of the tables had diners at them, but whatever, a table at the bar was fine. Overall, the food was fantastic. The spanish octopus was a little bit tough, but the sauce that went with it was amazing. The ahi tuna entree was perfect and my fiance raved about his rigatoni. The only dish that we didn't love was the truffled macaroni- the taste of truffle oil was so over powering we weren't able to finish the dish. Which was disappointing because it looked amazing, and would have been much better minus the truffle oil all together. We also got the lemon ricotta cheese cake and chocolate pudding cake for dessert, both of which were excellent. They also offer a cotton candy and junk food platter, which I think is a little gross, and I'm not sure why anyone would order food you can get from a county fair or 7-11 at a nice restaurant, but apparently it is really popular. Overall, I had a really nice dining experience. I'm not sure that I would go out of my way to come back, but if I was ever in the Palms again for a movie or something, or if I had guests in town staying at the hotel, I would recommend Simon.
3	I have totally mixed feelings about Simon's. My husband and I usually spend about a month in Vegas for work each year, so we get to try a lot of different restaurants! A coworker recommended Simon so we went. Foodwise, it was really delicious. We ordered a bunch of appetizers - the edamame was the best I have ever had anywhere! - and drinks and had a really enjoyable evening. Our server was also wonderful.My problem with Simon is that the restaurant needs updating badly. First, it overlooks the Palms Place pool which is small and quite ugly - the lawn chairs are stained and just look so dirty. Also, we were first seated at a booth which had huge rips in the seams and the stuffing was coming out. In Vegas, especially when you are situated among the best restaurants in the world, ambiance and decor are a big part of the experience and equally as important as the food. I just don't see how a restaurant can justify not fixing issues such as seating which is falling apart.  It really grossed me out.
4	We went here for lunch, with a restaurant.com coupon so that our meal for four (two adults, two kids, entrees only, no drinks) was only $40 after tax and tip.  I might have felt differently about this place if I'd paid full price.As it was, I thought it was a great deal and a wonderful experience. The restaurant is classy, relaxing and bright.  Yes, it opens to a pool, but neither as a swimmer or as a patron, I felt one impacted the other.  Service was first class and the food pretty good.My husband and daughter had the California rolls. His was baked and came with salmon and a sauce.  He enjoyed it much more than she did; she felt there was too much rice and too little filling.My other daughter and I had the pizzas.  Her Margheritta was fine, but generic.  It didn't taste as fresh as it should, better, fresher basil would have helped.  My smoked chicken pizza, however, was close to perfection.  The acidity of the goat cheese was balanced by the bitterness of the arugula and the pesto, while the chicken provided substance and the walnuts cruch. Don't miss it.You can find deals for Simon both at Travelzoo and restaurant.com
1	This was a truly terrible experience. There was a hair on my plate. They didn't explain the menu to us. The price was an outrageous hundred dollars for a brunch for two. And, to boot, the service was terrible. Never again.
5	lots of staff, very friendly, good eye contact, food is excellent
1	I attended a birthday brunch on Sunday.  It's been a year since I had been and honestly I think 1 star is being generous at this point.  I would say the food is at a 4 now and that is because they dropped the popular desserts off the menu and only have the cotton candy.  Gone is the junk food dessert platter.  They still have items on the buffet portion but none really stood out to me.The ribs and the apple cinnamon pancakes off the menu were amazing just like last year. Unfortunately, that doesn't make up for the horrid service we received.  So bad that we asked to speak to a manager when the bill came.  I understand we were a large party and so gratuity was already added which I guess to our main waiter, Kenny, meant that he didn't have to earn it.  Orders were slow, drinks were slow, utensils were slow.  Someone in our party waited 20 minutes for a fork.  Toward the end one of the birthday host found the alcohol and took over serving duties.  It was deja vu from last year.  Managers excuse was they were short staffed.  I don't want to hear excuses.  Kenny should have mentioned that when we first seated.  He could have left pitchers of water, tea, extra utensils on the table to alleviate his burden.  Last year the server left the champagne bucket and we served ourselves.  FINAL WARNING:  PAY WITH CASH or Simons will hijack your bank account.  It has now been four days and they still have a hold on my account for a bottomless brunch I didn't order for $77.  It's not necessarily the amount but the principle.  I was also charged $51 for the alcohol free brunch which is what was my bill should have been.   I called and talked to the manager and he said it happens pretty frequently.  I understand holds but charging me for an entire meal I didn't order is out of line.  Again, just excuses.
5	We stopped here while we were waiting for our room on our first day in Vegas. We didn't realize it was Sunday Brunch until we sat down and noticed the servers in PJ's! It was a little expensive, but we looked at the menu and decided to  stay. We tried  quite a few things, including: Mexican Bruschetta, a couple of different Crostini, Ribs, Philly Benedict, Crepes and a Grilled Veggie Omelette. I also tried almost everything from the Sushi Station (I love their Sushi!), a Mixed Berry Smoothie, Mimosa and even a mini Chocolate Mousse.Service was prompt, casual and friendly. Brunch at Simon was a Great way to ease into our Vegas Vacation.
5	Great service, great food, a lively place.  Good for a special date or party.
1	I beginning to like food trucks after I ate at this over rated (by mostly female food critics..one female food critic wrote that the owner/chef is easy on her eyes! is she really a food critic? ) dump. This celebrity chef once worked with a certain Ivana in New York, and he comes with some impressive credentials to the uninitiated, uninformed, the clueless and this female food critic !.  But he can't fool the real foodies. When you have cotton candy (as you see at circus and third class joints on main street) as a main attraction it speaks much for the creativity of the chef. The meat was not over cooked or under cooked...just not cooked. Raw meat brought to the table (from which school did this man acquire the fine culinary skills needed to transfer the raw meat from the wholesale supplier on to the table) and it was so revolting I turned  from a carnivore to a vegan and even took up yoga and meditation. However the memory of the uncooked morsel of meat, still sends shivers and anti-peristalsis down by food pipe to this date.The truck taco stand at gas stations is hundred times better than this dump. The rock star chef with long hair is seen cooking without a head cover in social magazines and TV shows. Obviously he is oblivious to health department regulations or he is beyond any rules and regulations.The desert was a disaster. The drinks overpriced for no reason other than you are dining in celebrity chef's esteemed eatery. I would not be surprised if this place closes soon and the rock star goes cooking for the lazy rich and famous sitting on their fat ass from the loans given to them by the golfing buddy crook bankers   One of my worst eating experiences.I think the  Celebrity Chefs days are over and the food trucks are the future and Mexican fast food is the future.. It is time they stop these TV chefs experimenting with their "reduction cooking techniques" on unsuspecting people.  It it time they stop fooling people and get a day job as construction workers or even washing dishes or bus boys and girls like this fat and ugly idiot- Poola Doom.
5	I am a Training Manager for a luxury brand in Las Vegas. I had been given the task to coordinate a dinner for a team 16 people. After searching and searching, I remember that Simon had hosted one of Holiday Parties a few years back ago. I remember being really pleased ambiance and the food, well just about everything. So reached out and partnered up with Julie, the Sales Manager for Simon, to host a dinner this dinner. From our first interaction over the phone to the last moments of evening at Simon, Julie was FANTASTIC!!! It was always easy to get in contact with her and she returned my calls and email in a very timely fashion. The evening was magical. Julie hosted us in one of their private Dining Rooms; I believe it was the Sun Room. Dakota, our server for the evening, was so professional and personable. He and his team anticipated the needs of the group and through out the evening and ensure that all our needs were met. Last but not least...The Food. The food was great!!! The chef did no wrong, but the highlight for us dessert. It was a brilliant surprise to the group, if you have never been to Simon, I won't give it away and ruin it for you...but if I had one word to describe it, Nostalgic.
4	Very good appetizers and I recommend the crispy rice roll and the lobster Mac and cheese. The junk food dessert tray went very quickly, especially the cotton candy. Good atmosphere at the palms place. Nicely set up so that a large party can actually hear each other talk.
5	After researching countless venues, we had the great fortune of finding Julie, and Simons Restaurant to host, and assist with my future daughter-in-laws bridal shower.  Julie's responsive, bright, and cheerful energy were a welcome change from what I had encountered with others in her field, and I immediately felt confident that Simons was our best choice for this important event.  Living on the east coast, I had not visited the restaurant, but felt based on the website, and Julie's helpfulness, that we would not be disappointed.  Not only were we not disappointed, we were thoroughly impressed with every aspect of the day.  The Sun Room was a perfect size for the shower, required very little additional decoration, had a nice patio area, and flat screens for all the football fans in the group.  Our server, Kenny, was simply spectacular, and everyone was well taken care of, and experienced minimal wait time for food, and drink orders.  The Sunday brunch stations, and cook to order items were all amazing.  There was not one guest who had anything less than glowing compliments about everything they ate, the ambiance of the restaurant, and incredible service they provided.My son, and his future wife have not stopped talking about what an incredibly perfect day this was, thanks to Julie, and the amazing staff of Simons Restaurant.  We enjoyed it so much, we returned for lunch the following day (also exceptional), and will certainly be planning future events with them.If I could give more than 5 stars, I would!!Thank you to everyone at Simons for making this day so memorable!
3	Came for brunch and left  slightly disappointed.  music wa slightly loud and the ambience felt dated. No more candy bar-HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT.  Bbq chicken was great but light on chicken.  pigs in the blanket were warm but by time it hit table and they were over cooked;weiners.  service was good,  water fillecd without asking but took too long to get food and restaurant was half full.  lobster poached egg had little lobster and eggs were over easy; not to my liking.  overall it was god not great for price and there are plenty of other options in vegas.
5	Great pre-concert dinner.  We had dinner before a show at the Pearl.  We had a great table that was by the pool.  (My friend really enjoyed the view while waiting for me!) Our server was fantastic and we loved every recommendation.  The Crispy Rice roll with Spicy Tuna was fun and delicious but  the stars of the evening were the Yellowtail, Salmon and Albacore sashimi.  The fish was so fresh that they almost swam off our plates!  Each treatment was different  and a perfect compliment to the mouthwatering fish.  And getting to the show was super easy using the moving walkway!  Will definitely keep Simon's in mind when going to the Palms Casino!
4	Awesome food. Awesome drinks. Awesome views. The food is pretty pricey for what it is though. They DO NOT offer locals a discount either.  Recommend going at happy hour when the appetizers and drinks are half off.
4	This review is for my brunch experience this past Sunday. Went w a gf , we've both had dinner there before but never brunched there .First of all I love  the pajama dress code for the wait staff..and they all had nice pajamas, not like Wal Mart shoppers lol! The mimosas (grapefruit vs oj) were perfect & our waiter kept them flowing. We ordered the lobster havarti Benedict which I read other yelp reviews about. HOLY WOW this was sooooo good. An amazing Benedict version I will never forget! It's so good! We didn't eat much from the buffet as the crepes weren't that amazing and we both own vitamix so we passed on smoothies or juices. So my 4 stars are based on the service, mimosas, menu items , ambiance, and lovely view of the pool as we dine.
2	Four of us went for a price fixed dinner @ $100 a head. The meal started with a bread basket which was excellent (I am sucker for pretzel bread). One of the appetizers was edamame. This was probably the best edamame I have ever eaten. My wife had a fish dish served with a side salad on the plate. The presentation was so unappealing I am surprised she ate it. I had the chicken curry. It was presented in a soup bowl with a lot of broth. The waiter pointed out that I would need a spoon. He disappeared and did not reappear. Nor was any other server in the area for over 10 minutes. I finally had to go to the bar and ask for a spoon. The server who tried to help me came back with the smallest teaspoon I had seen and a large apology. It was probably another 10 minutes before someone appeared with a tablespoon. We had mac and cheese as a side which was also excellent. The junk food dessert was a fun dish dominated by cotton candy (which I don't eat but was pretty and made for a good presentation).While some of the food was very tasty, the service was so poor (amongst other things, we couldn't get our water glass refilled!) that it made what should have been a special meal very unenjoyable. For $100 a head before tax and tip, they should do a lot better. With so many really good dining experiences in Vegas, why would I go back?
1	Appalling experience at Simon's. 9 of us went there to celebrate a business event that included some of America's top interior designers and members of media. Simply put, restaurant was nearly empty with plenty of staff. It took, and I am not joking, 20 minutes to get all drinks delivered. 9 drinks! The last one to come was a ginger ale. We were goon to toast our hosts. Talk about creating an uncomfortable moment. Complaints to the manager, who seemed about 20 years old, we're responded to defensively. Food took forever. 2 and a half hours to eat in an empty restaurant. We were so angry no one even discussed the food. And at the end there was an 18% gratuity for crap service. Stay away.
1	Here is the response from the manager at Simon's....Hello Mr. Tomas T,My name is Julie Bushur, Sales Manager for Simon Restaurant and Lounge at Palms Place.  I would like to apologize on behalf of the entire staff here at Simon for the experience you encountered on your visit this past week.  I sincerely appreciate the feedback you have provided in your YELP review and will gladly address the issues you mentioned.  With that said, I would love for you to come dine with us again, maybe on another trip to Las Vegas, this is an open ended invitation, We would like for you and a guest to experience Simon Restaurant and Lounge as it is meant to be.  You can call me directly 702-944-3252 for reservations.  My email is julie.bushur@palms.com if that works better for you.  Again, please accept my sincere apology and please feel free to contact me to discuss your concerns.  Kind Regards, Julie"So how about comping the 9 of us? Or an offer to refund the 18% gratuity? Cheesy standard response.
5	My experience here is limited to the wedding ceremony and Champagne toast that was held here, poolside. (We didn't eat there this time).But for having a beautiful, elegant, yet simple wedding experience -- this was great for us.  The manager Julie took the time to get to know us, our wants and expectations, and to deliver a seamless experience on that momentous day.  I won't disclose the price, but compared to many other venues on the Strip that we researched, this was much more affordable.  Recommended!
2	Came for breakfast on our morning of checkout since we had a credit to the restaurant and finally had time to use it.Had the pancakes that I couldn't even cut with my fork - had to use my knife ... come on, they are pancakes!  My husband had steak and eggs and that was average too, meat was tough an not tasty.  Overall quality was low. With all the great food in Vegas I don't think I'll be coming back. Servers were very nice though.
5	I have hosted my Pole Expo at The Palms for the past two years and used Simon Restaurant for our opening reception and registration. From the minute I signed the agreement to the end of our expo, all the staff and people behind the scenes at Simon were simply incredible, easy to work with and very accommodating.  Simon is beautiful located with a sunset view of the strip and their food was perfect. All 400 of my guests who attended the reception were very impressed as well. Living in Las Vegas I have a lot of choices for my Pole Expo but know that I choose the best place taking into account the location, food, service, hours, and flexibility to catering to my needs. I am looking forward to hosting the 2014 Pole Expo at Simon and The Palms. Thank you Simon Restaurant! Until next time :-)
5	I came here a while ago with my father when he was in Vegas on business. This place was so fun and the food was just fabulous! I ordered some sashimi and the baked California roll - I wish ANYWHERE made this roll besides this place! Hot damn, is it good! It's such a different twist on such a typical sushi roll. I was so pleasantly surprised! Definitely stop by this tucked away gem.
2	I'm updating this review because I just hate leaving bad reviews. I'm also giving them the benefit of the doubt about a few things I put into the review based on talking to others. I removed the comments about location, also talking to others and this is all relative. I wish I could bring it up to a 3, but the service and food wasn't very good for what we expected.We had reservations, made a week in advance--but it didn't seem necessary. We finally were taken to a table near the fireplace, and behind us, a larger table of about ten were seated around the same time. This table becomes a problem when my chair is hit and banged repeatedly by the person directly behind me. We finally stood and moved our own table.  One of the waiters said he saw this happening when we told him we moved our table! Is this really a world class chef owning this restaurant that wouldn't see the situation and handle it? We watch too many Food Network shows. Our exceptions are just too high!  The service was horrible from the time we sat down, until we left. We had three waiters come to our table, making it confusing as to who was our waiter. We told the one who took our dinner order that we had a show to make, but this made no difference to his attending to us. We were very specific about how we wanted our hamburgers cooked. "Medium," and he assured us this would not be over or under cooked. If you look a my picture (if I can get it up), you'll see a charred and "dry" hamburger, which took WAY too long to arrive. We must have waited an hour to get our dinner. They were NOT busy at all, but the wait staff was so annoying, running up and down, back and forth like a bunch of lunatics, just so disruptive! The experience was just terrible.  I've no idea who they were helping in such a froth, because it wasn't us! Our waiter, had his butt glued to one particular table as if it was the Queen of England's! Meanwhile, he totally ignored us. When our burgers finally came, we both said we'd rather have an In and Out Burger! TALK about "not sustainable food." It was a "double" and way too big for anyone to finish! What a waste of a cow's life! Our waiter should have advised us to share this! But beyond the size, it was charred, dry and just awful. But we were on a time frame and were forced to accept it...but, our waiter NEVER came back to even ask how it was! He as too damn busy with some cotton candy show at the table he was marrying. Really? Then, another waiter came over to tell us that another guest was a guitar player in the Ringo show that night (by the way, he was Bruce Springsteen's guitar player and only played on one song), but the waiter had no right to infringe on that man's privacy and tell us who he was. It did explain why people kept coming over and annoying him, and us, since they were crowding out our table! This wait staff needs to stop all this running around, and noise! OMG, the chattering and cackling! AND pay attention to the diners. Obviously they didn't know I Yelp!  It was so over priced and just one of the worse experiences we've ever had in Vegas (or anywhere,) but then again, we dine in Laguna Beach, and outstanding restaurants like Nick's. AND that takes us to later on that night. I have never been so sick! Doubled over, coming from both ends!! I kid you not! I have a half of mind to contact them and demand a refund! Save your money and go to the damn taco place in the Casino. WAY better service and delicious!! Ugh, what a nightmare! Thank God tonight we're going to Ramsey's place. At least we know the food is A+ and the servic
5	Brunch here is top of its buffet class.  Its right by a pool with an amazing view. :)  Food right...  Brunch buffet here is delicious.  Even at the self serve, you tell the chef what you would like and they make it for you.  The food does not sit around like most traditional buffet's.  You can even order from the menu and they prepare it from the kitchen.We sampled all of their benedicts, pizzas, and appetizers.  I love the fact that they served sushi grade salmon sashimi!  I loaded that up quick.  Crepes were made to order and the service never lagged.   Highly recommended for experience and food at the Palms!
1	Just like the one star rating rates, "Eek! Me thinks not." Wish I had read the reviews before heading down there and wasting money on mediocre food a few minutes ago. The rigatoni bolognese was just bad. No flavor what so ever with the sauce watered down. I've tasted better sauce from a can! The only thing that kept me from going hungry was the calamari appetizer which was right on spot. At 28 bucks for a pasta dish, you better be on your game; especially in a city where culinary creations have set high exceptions. You best keep up Simon. I was the only one dining in the entire restaurant so service was on spot for the most part (given) . Water glass was always filled. Only complaint was that when the waitress came to remove my barely touched pasta dish, she asked if I wanted it boxed. I said no thank you. No inquire from her part as to whether there was a problem with the food. THAT is customer service.Spend your money else where - slot machines.
3	I've been wanting to try Simon and generally drive by without thinking about it.  Yesterday, I went for a late breakfast.  My first reaction to the Palms Place was that it's dark!!  I found the elevators and made it to the 6th floor where Simon is located.There were two other parties in the restaurant and we all were seated in different sections so I had the main dining area to myself.  I asked to be seated along the windows to enjoy the view and watch the pool area.  Little did I know, there would be some crazy tourists who came out and got in the heated Jacuzzi.  He tried the main pool for about 15 seconds and then went back to the heated water.I was brought coffee quickly and it was refilled several times during my time there.  My server was Christy and she was great!  I ordered the peaches and cream pancakes.  They're three large pancakes with some peach compote and whipped cream on top.  Its' too bad they didn't have a short stack order because these cakes are large and filling.  I left half on my plate rather than stuff myself.Breakfast was fine and enjoyed the sunshine and the view of the pool.
5	Food here is absolutely top class.  We had the calamari and a hamburger, which was USDA organic and grass fed.  The atmosphere was nice and warm, with the pool located right outside for an excellent view.  Waiter was really nice as well.
5	My company had their Holiday Party there this past Thursday night....the Herb room was set up lovely, the view of the pool and cabanas was perfect, and the food and service were spectacular!  We had the 'Holiday Menu' and I am still receiving calls and emails thanking me for choosing Simon and how good everything was.  I highly recommend Simon for a classy, yet comfortable location for groups!  Thank you for the wonderful experience!
5	We organized a client event at Simon's for a wedding reception for 25 people.  Julie and her staff were amazing, and the staff was very accommodating from creating the perfect menu while working with our budget and requests.  I highly recommend Simon's for any sort of group event!
5	One of my favorites in town. I usually have the filet, which is always great. The twice baked potato is excellent as well.Service is outstanding. I haven't been there in a few months, but the waiter remembers us and some of our favorite orders.I love the atmosphere- view of the pool is nice. Simon is upbeat which is helped by the small lounge/bar area. It just seems to fit every kind of personality.
4	The food was tasty and the service was good during my visit there earlier this month. It's pricy but you're paying to a degree for the location/decor. It's not the easiest place to find, but once you make it there you can expect to enjoy a nice meal.
5	I have enjoyed Simon since it opened. Always top quality food whether your in the mood for fish, steak, chicken or even pasta. I just had the short ribs which are still as great as when Kerry first them at Simons Kitchen, along with the truffle MAC and cheese, well done!
4	Food was great. We did the happy hour and ordered almost everything. All the sushi was prepared well, one person had a burger that was gone in seconds she liked it so much. I had the truffle Mac and it was super yummy and I had left overs and even eating cold it was still good!!!I knocked off one star since the hostess was useless and it took 15 min before we had anyone come to our table. But once she did she was very good.
4	Came in here yesterday and finally tried a few things on the menu. Since it was happy hour they had a whole list of items for $6-$10. Starting off with a few glasses of wine we decided to try 4 menu items. Ahi Tar Tar Tacos, Calamari, Spicy Tuna Roll, and the Big Island Roll. All outstanding dishes. They are very petite so don't come hungry if your going to dine off the happy hour menu. The Tacos were by far our favorite of the dishes we tried. Filled with ahi poke, lemongrass, yuzu, avocado in a wonton crisp you couldn't possibly dislike this dish. Our Second favorite was the Big Island Sushi Roll. It had shrimp tempura, avocado, spicy tuna, pineapple, and rolled in soy paper. The pineapple really added to the flavor. For 4 happy hour dishes and 4 glasses of wine the bill came out to be $60. Not bad at all, we were very surprised at how cheap and great quality everything was. Dakota, the bartender was an amazing addition to our experience as well. We will be back to try the regular menu soon!
4	Went for brunch a few weeks ago. We had been saving to go so we could also get the unlimited mimosas - best $20 I've ever spent. Definitely if you go, ask for Patrick and you won't be disappointed.  He knew the right amount of food, was very attentive and kept the drinks coming. Most of the food we tried was good, I didn't really care for the cinnamon rolls or the French toast (sorry to everyone who thought it was a gift to their palette). Oddly enough the sushi was really good, which I thought I would hate at 11am and  I'm in love with the honeycomb baguette. Overall worth a try for the experience but I'm not sure I would pay $40 again for the food.
2	I made reservations for Simon on Monday night for dinner, since it seems to be the flagship restaurant for Palms Place. We arrived early and went for drinks in the lounge. The female bartender brought a drink menu and never returned. She was at the opposite end of the bar doing squats or something as the other bartender totally had his back to us and was busy chatting her up instead of following up with his patrons. I literally had to walk over to the bar and ask for service as my attempts to capture their attention did not seem to be working. Finally it was time to be seated in the restaurant for our dinner appointment. They seated us by a party of 6, which wasn't bad and seemed kinda spacious. The waiter took our appetizer order of lump crab cakes and then later the main entree order. I had the rib-eye and my guest had the sushi sampler. Our entree beat the appetizer to our table and the guy looked puzzled when I spoke up and said, "that's a little late, its suppose to be our appetizer" as we were beginning to eat our main course. He didn't even respond, just looked at me and left it on our table, along with the menus/drink menus that were still in our way. My steak was cooked to order, however it lacked taste and seasoning, as well as the bland mashed potatoes. As we were trying to just make the most of the meal, the other waiters that were servicing the party of 6, felt necessary to keep bumping our table in hast, without an apology or an "excuse me or I'm sorry".
3	It lacks identity. Is it a mediocre Japanese restaurant? Or contempory american? It was well cooked, but it wasn't inspired. For example: my main course was Japanese grilled skirt steak with Shishito peppers. My side was truffle Mac and cheese. Did not pair well at all. . . beautiful place, But just "Okay" food.
4	My husband and I ended up at Simon on Valentine's night 2014. I was attempting to get us to Max Brenner at Ceasers's Palace, but traffic was horrendous and we missed our reservation. Probably my fault considering I didn't take into account getting off on Flamingo would be such a cluster-F. Which then we ended up trying to back-track by getting off on Tropicana, and dun dun dun.... so the story goes of the local girl who doesn't realize just how horrible the Strip can be on a holiday weekend. Lesson learned.So I said what the heck, there's The Palms, let's just try to eat somewhere there. We arrived at Simon after I called and asked what their dress code was, since my husband was dressed in jeans and nice tennis shoes. Biz casual. Good to go. We sat at the bar, because we were the couple without reservations on V-Day. I was in a not-so-great mood, but the yummy drink with Pop-Rocks the bartender made me feel better! My husband opted for Fat Tire. We dined on their "special" menu for that night. We ordered an app of grilled spicy edamame, very good, with a very distinct spice and lime flavoring. We both got the filet mignon ($38 - and well worth it!), medium rare, with mushrooms, comes with a wine reduction sauce and something like a garlic aioli. The filet was great, tender, and melt-in-your-mouth. We also ordered a side of mashed potatoes to share. Yikes. They were SO SALTY. I couldn't even stomach them.Service was so-so, the bar was full, but I was left without a drink on more than one occasion and my husband too. Overall, bar service and food were 4 stars. I wouldn't go with a 5 because of the offending salty mashed potatoes.
5	Sunday brunch is amazing! I have always heard good things, but have never gone myself. The price is perfect and you can't beat bottomless mimosas.We practically tried everything on the kitchen side of the menu, but must haves...Scallop Benedict and the Chicken Fried Chicken Benedict!Espere, I believe was our server - on top of her game!
4	We are staying at palms place and received a $100 credit toward this restaurant. We have come 2 days in a row and enjoyed happy hour. Specialty drinks are tasty. I loved the pop rocks garnish. We tried sushi, arancini and Caesar salad...all were great.  I was annoyed the first night we came because they were replacing all the lightbulbs behind the bar. The bartender could barely move around to make drinks. They should do maintenance fixes during closed hours.
5	Amazing food and friendly staff! I highly recommend their frosted flake French toast (genius!) for breakfast, black angus burger w/ Tuscan fries for lunch & sesame crispy rice appetizer w/ filet mignon for dinner. Great ambiance and pool side view!  Will be back for sure!
2	This review is based on poor service.  My friend and I stopped at Simon to have a glass of wine and an appetizer around 6 pm on a Saturday night.  There were very few customers and the bartenders were talking to each other.  One finally came over and said he would be right with us and then proceeded to enter in another order in on the POS system.  I asked him for a menu and he said to hold on one minute.  We opted to borrow the menu from another customer at the bar.  At this point, we decided to just have a glass of wine and then leave.  We tried to get his attention to get our bill, but no luck.  I had to get up and walk to the opposite end of the bar and hand him my credit card.
4	I've been here a few times for drinks and bites with friends,always a great staff. The bar area is nice and still offers a pool view. Came Saturday morning for a meeting with Patrick Kelley Youth Foundation. My first time having breakfast here, wow so fresh and delicious. I had the breakfast sandwich with a fried egg and bacon(they made mine turkey bacon no problem) our table shared French toast. Its crispy on the outside(corn flake crust) soft and a touch of sweet inside. topped with fresh berries. It's a large portion but perfect for us to share.
3	Here's a recipe for success: AYCE Brunch + Bottomless Bellinis + epic poolside view Definitely add bottomless drinks to your AYCE brunch, it's only $21. It's worth it if you enjoy bloody mary's, mimosas, champagne, or bellinis like me; plus the waitstaff is very quick to refill your empty glass. I wasn't blown away by the lobster benedict, but the french toast, crepes, and crispy rice sushi had me coming back for more. It seemed like it took forever to get orders placed and food from the kitchen, but the nice buzz made up for it. The staffs' matching Paul Frank PJ bottoms were an adorable touch, as well :)
3	I went for Happy Hour and sat at the bar.  Eh.  It was okay.  The decor and ambiance were very cool--I liked the music (Vampire Weekend, Depeche Mode), but the service was mediocre.  Even though the bar wasn't full when I got there, and the servers clearly saw me, it took them awhile to acknowledge me--and that was the refrain for the rest of the meal.  To be fair, the food did come out quickly.I ordered the California Rolls.  Again, eh.  They weren't BAD, but they weren't really that special either--I thought of them as protein and starch.  I also ordered the Salmon Sashimi, which I did enjoy:  the Salmon was fresh, buttery,  and tender.  I think they overdid it a little with the salt, but the fuji apple was a nice touch.Would I go back again?  If I weren't staying at this hotel?  No way.  And even though I am staying at the hotel, I'll probably head over to the casino to try one of the restaurants there tomorrow night.  Overall, it's a meh, but the decor. ambiance, and sashimi bump it up a star.p.s.  If you're a Scotch lover, this is not the bar for you.  Pretty dismal selection.
5	By far THE BEST edamame I've ever had!!!! No longer order it anywhere else. I promise you will never go back to steamed edamame again...disgusting in comparison to Simon's charred, epic, party in my mouth.
4	We usually stay at The Palms Place and have eaten here numerous times. I would give the lunch a five star rating and the dinner only three stars due to service...a little slow and unattentive. We would go back for lunch since it is so convienent but not back for dinner. LV has much more to offer.
4	We are LV locals and we sampled a bit of everything! Prices are a bit high, but we loved the atmosphere and food. We had Pork Chops which were melt in your mouth amazing with an apple and mint jelly glaze. The strawberry summer salad was very light and flavorful. We finished a bottle of Two hands Gnarly dudes Syrah wine and it was exceptional! Our server made the visit enjoyable and relaxed.
2	We had dinner here last fall using a travelzoo voucher that was supposed to be a $250 value for $99. It wasn't worth the $99. We started off OK with a tasty amuse bouche, good salad and decent sushi, but our main courses were not very good at all. The sea bass was kind if pathetic with bland, overcooked side items. The fish was under seasoned and skinny with the skin still on top. We were expecting much better. We also had the flatbread which was very average. It was obvious they were trying to get by as cheap as possible with the drinks they included. The biggest joke was the junk food platter for dessert ($25 value, yeah right). A bunch of stale, tasteless crap. If you're going to serve something like that, everything needs to be freshly baked and tasty, and none of it was. You could break your teeth on the dry, hard, stale brownies. The cotton candy was actually the best thing on the plate, and I don't like cotton candy.Perhaps ordering off the regular menu would have been better, but who knows. Beware of the travelzoo voucher. What seems like a good value may not be if they are only including cheap, limited choices. I felt like the service was a little lacking as well, but this may also be due to the fact that we used the travelzoo voucher and were given a "special" menu.
5	I've had Sushi at Simon. I've had Dinner at Simon. I've had Lunch at Simon.  I've even had Brunch at Simon. This trip we made it for Breakfast.As always, our food was first rate. I had the Peaches & Cream Pancakes with Peach Compote and Chantilly Cream. Four huge, slightly sweet Pancakes with a perfectly peachy sauce and a mildly vanilla flavored whipped cream. Diane had Kerry's Omelet, which had Caramelized Onions, Bell Peppers, Tomatoes, Bacon, Sausage and Aged Cheddar Cheese. It was the perfect omelet! Light and Fluffy with a filling that was tasty and balanced with all the ingredients working together. Simon continues to be one of my must stops when I visit Vegas!
2	My 2 star rating is ONLY for my recent visit which was for Easter's Brunch this past Sunday. Usually my rating for Simon's is a 4 star because I'm a fan of their sushi and brunch.So, I made reservations through OpenTable for 1215p, we get there at around 1210p and the hostess tells me it will be 5 more minutes, ok fine. In the mean time they have this beautiful display full of candy and Easter Eggs, I ask if we can grab them and she says yes, so she hands me a bag and my daughter starts having fun with that. So I noticed that more people keep arriving and are immediately getting seated, meanwhile were still waiting. The hostess tells me it will be a few more minutes as their getting the table cleaned. While people are still arriving and getting seated. Finally, our table is ready, (10 minutes later). We when get to the table, I noticed they had many tables clean and free and the table we got seated had crumbs all over the floor. SO, why the wait, IDK!!!So I order the Lobster Havarti (I believe that was the name of the dish) and I immediately noticed a hair on the plate, I tell the server and he looks at me like he was disturbed by that. So, I patiently wait for my dish and nothing, I stopped my waitress and tell her what happened so she goes to the kitchen and comes out with my dish. Which looked like all they did was just pushed it over to a new plate. I say that because my mom later orders one for herself and the Lobster Havarti was placed in the center of the plate stacked nice and neat, while when I got mine, it was on the edge with the edge of the plate splattered the sauce.I was so surprised with the service I got from Simon's because I've been there numerous times in the past and I was always happy with them but this time, I was completely disappointed.
4	Simon has been on my list since I found out they have an unlimited Bloody Mary Bar option. It's only on Sunday's during brunch, so guess who had Easter Sunday brunch at Simon? Oh yeah, this girl. $49 per person is a steep ticket for bunch. Add $20 if you'd like to partake in the beverages such as mimosas and marys. (Yes you can switch it up) If you have company in town, or want to impress, this meal is totally worth it!You can come in your pajamas, all the staff will be wearing theirs! Unless you come on Easter, then you have pajamas, bunny tails, and even a good ol rabbit as your server.So this is how the AYCE works. There is a small buffet with treats, dessert, shrimp, bagels, pastries, fresh smoothies, and juices. If you want hot food, it is still AYCE, but ordered through your waiter. Options include, French toast, 3 styles of eggs benedicts, biscuits and gravy, chicken fried chicken, and more. I was very impressed with all of the hot options. The only food that did not stand out was the prime rib. They were only offering it for Easter, (as well as ham) but it was so fatty. Not at all a great cut! The bar area worked like this, if you have a wrist band, help yourself. The staff was all super friendly and helpful. I was even brought an extra drink that I did not order when the service got slow. Another perk, they use good vodka. Unlimited Belvedere for $20 makes the expensive breakfast worth it!!Overall, it is not somewhere I will go every weekend, but I hope this place stays in Vegas because it's a perfect Vegas hangover brunch. Oh and did I mention it has a pool view. So yes, you can stare at hot men and women half naked while you dine. You are welcome.
4	This is a tough place to review, as someone that owns a unit at Palm Place I eat here all the time. When you get the right server or bartender it's a really good experience, when you don't it can be a bit disappointing. Menu is well designed but cooking can be very inconsistent. So basically when this place is good, it's very good but without a manager present the quality varies wildly. So be cool and be prepared to send stuff back, the staff won't mind and you'll eventually get a great meal. Happy hour is 3-6 everyday and the happy hour burger is great.
2	I don't have many regrets in life, but eating brunch at Simon is one of them. It was quite possibly one of the biggest wastes of money I've ever spent at a restaurant. Mediocre food along with mediocre service made for a poor dining experience at a place know for brunch. It's a combination of buffet style, where you get your own food at a buffet line, and butler style, where you place an order with your server and they bring the order to you.The Easter brunch I went to consisted of average paninis, sushi that was the equivalent of that found at the local grocery store, bruschetta, crepes, pastries and cereal.Of the higher-end items served butler style, the french toast with its crispy exterior was the best. Less than stellar items included the lobster havarti benedict that was sorely lacking any lobster. I saw a couple specs of crustacean between the bread base of the benedict. Continuing the disappointment were the dry ribs and even dryer jalapeno cornbread. The kid's pancake was dense and had an almost rubbery texture. Ham and roast beef was also available and as good as any you'd find at a $8.99 buffet downtown. Desserts were lackluster and even someone like me who craves sweets, couldn't stomach more than a couple bites. For the price we paid for a family of three, I couldn't help but think about all the other places -- buffet or a la carte -- that would have been much more satisfying.
1	Technically I can't review the restaurant since we never got served. We made two attempts to try to eat at this restaurant during our stay at the Palms Place to try to use the $40 credit that was part of our package. The first time we tried to get breakfast and were seated and not acknowledged for sometime so we left. The second time we went down for a late dinner and were told we couldn't be served due to a private party, yet there was another couple seated outside of the bar area. Not sure why Palms Place gives a package with a credit at this restaurant since they don't make you feel welcome to dine there.
3	Took a few of the family for my wife's b-day for brunch. She was not impressed. My daughter and I liked the sushi and the sushi chef was very nice and accommodating. The view and atmosphere was much better than the food. The food was good but it was pricey for the quality.
5	I can't say enough about this place. It was absolutely delightful.  We had a bachelorette party of pretty woman and we're seated right away, also in celebration of our visit they gave us a round of delectable champagne. They staff was very friendly and knowledgable of the menu. The bread was incredible and the meal- equally enjoyable. The prices are also unbeatable for everything you'd receive from a Vegas dining experience. Also the food is very freshly prepared w gluten-free and organic options! I will definitely be back here! Yum!!!! Wish they had one in Ca. P.s. Got a complimentary huge ball of house made cotton candy. Fun :)
3	I have been here several times, from dinner to Sunday brunch. It is always ok, not outstanding. The brunch on Sunday used to start at 9:30am for early birds even though official time is 10am. The staff at the front desk used to be a lot friendlier than they are now. There are many great places for Brunch in Vegas and I am so disappointed as Simon's is expensive, esp. if you add champagne or Mimosa to your brunch. I would rather go to other places on the strip that are just as expensive, if not less, with better service and better food. The warm brunch menu food at Simon's is yummy yet fatty. The cold buffet is ok. The restaurant needs a better website for more efficient info on working hours, esp for their Sunday brunch, yet overall it is has become thumbs down for me as the service seems to be worsening.
5	I felt a bit self-conscious walking into this restaurant with a child and a toddler (was with sister and family). Thank goodness it was early enough that not a lot of people were in yet. I'm impressed that the host didn't try to hide us in a corner to keep us out of the way.We were grateful our server was patient, understanding and knowledgable.I ordered the Steak and eggs for breakfast and that was awesome.Egg White Fritata was filling and tasty.Belgian Waffle with Blueberry Compote was sufficiently fluffy and crunchy on the outside.The restaurant has a fantastic view of the awesome pool and cabanas. It also has access to said pool and cabanas which was very convenient for us to burn off the children's energy while waiting for dishes to arrive.Looks like it could be a very "sexy" place to have dinner with a date.
4	Stopped by for happy hour and was really impressed. The happy hour food was delicious and reasonably priced plus the cocktails were spot on. Great atmosphere as well. Would have given 5 stars but didn't have a complete meal to judge. Will definitely come back.
2	Went here for Happy Hour today.  Got seated at the bar. My friend and I were hungry and were excited about the food selection. Unfortunately the service is what ruined the entire experience. We had to wait to order. People who came after us were already getting their food. Once we ordered,  we wondered many times if they had forgotten to put our order in. There were 2 guys working the bar, no one paid attention to us. We needed more drinks, we even would have ordered dessert.  But we were in awe of how lazy these employees were.  They all seemed half asleep.  I was hoping hostess would ask me on my way out how it all went but she never asked or said goodbye.
2	Over priced menu. They charge you $4 for a regular cup of coffee in the morning! The restaurant looks nice, but the food doesn't match the visual quality, and the prices they charge are absurd for what you get.
5	We're staying at Palms Place and we fell in love with Simons. We've gone there for Sunday  brunch, breakfast and dinner 4 times. The hostess is super sweet and the manager is super cool and nice. We had a really good waiter for dinner named Steve. He was on the ball with everything. We gave him a generous tip and by the time we got back up to our room our phone was ringing. It was Steve thanking us for our generosity. I've never had that happen. The lobster mac and cheese and caesar salad are our top favorite. We won't be staying at Palms Palace ever again due to our terrible experience BUT will definitely be coming back to Simon's.
4	Simon says SUNDAY BRUNCH! Made a reservation for 6 on Sunday for brunch with some fun people. When I walked in I was walked to the table my friends we already sitting at. The waiter already had water waiting and some limes and lemons on the table, i wish more place would do that. He offer me other drink options but I just stayed with water. After everyone showed up he went through the menu with us. One side was what the buffet offered which included sushi rolls, paninis, bagels, fruit, shrimp, crepes, and smoothies. The other side was from the kitchen which included pizzas, benedicts, and my favorite the white trash. With brunch you pay 39.50 and get to order from either side. We were a little confused at first but figured out we were not being punked. All of food for 39.50, eat it now!!! So, first we orders some items from the kitchen and then go up and cruised the buffet area. I grab some pineapple, muffins, sushi, and bagels. I also ordered a panini. Headed back to the table with almost a full plate. What have I gotten myself into?!?! The sushi was delicious. My favorite was the crispy rice and avocado roll. They also had other option like spicy tuna, California, and shrimp. I also like the blueberry loaf they had out, it was moist and delicious. The panini i ordered was the honeycomb baguette, it was interesting. i think i should have gone with a crepe. After I demolished the buffet stuff our orders from the kitchen started coming out. My first and favorite dish of the day was the chicken fried chicken. Just like chicken fried steak but it was chicken with gravy and an egg on top. The chicken was deliciously seasoned and just enough. My friend ordered a pizza, it was okay. Not something i would come back for. We also ordered waffles, pancakes, french toast and even some egg Benedict with pulled pork. Everything came out pretty quickly. Near the end we ordered some ribs and they were layered with bbq sauce which was awesome. Then we were finishing up and he brought us COTTON CANDY!!! We demolished the first cup and then had him bring more. He brought 3 more and we were then playing with it and make cotton candy mustaches and even dipping it in our drinks. We had too much fun for brunch. So my recommendation are the crispy rice, chicken fried chicken, and cotton candy. Also, my apologies for no good pictures. The food was inhaled.
5	ON24 recently held our Technical Account Manager's Awards Dinner at Simon's private room Herb.  This is a beautiful venue surrounded by windows with an exclusive outdoor area overlooking the pool and the food was delicious!  Especially the calamari and ponzu sauce, wok charred edamame, Mama Simon's meatloaf and macaroni and truffled cheese gratin!  The dessert platter including cotton candy was a sweet ending to our perfect meal.  Special thanks to Steve and Kenny who took exceptional care of our guests and grabbed a special bottle of Freak Show wine and to Mark for keeping our drinks flowing.  Extra kudos to Julie Bushur, Sales Manager who worked within ON24's budget and made the room look special with our personalized menus.  This is a yearly event for ON24 and we plan to be back!Mary DaquioagON24, Director of Procurement
5	My brother and I used to frequent this place often when he lived in town. They have the most amazing desserts I've ever tasted. The menu changes depending on the season but it is superb. The atmosphere is very hip and modern. The service is great. Best of all, Chef Kerry Simon is very involved and is a very kind and humble guy. Love this place. Will be going back soon!
4	We chose Simon as the venue for the #MiamiCigar & #Bacardi #IPCPR2014 dinner. Special thanks to Julie Bushur and her wonderful team. The food and service was on point. The team loved the venue and we would definitely go back. Thank you for making this dinner memorable.PS- pasta lovers must have the truffles Mac n cheese as well as the mini sliders!!
4	Love the food, especially the double burger. The sushi was prepared very well and the Mac-n-Cheese with Lobster was delicious.  The Curry was very spicy. They even brought out a huge cotton candy to our table for "special guests" . That was a nice touch. The only reason for the 4 stars, not 5 was due to slow service with there only being two occupied tables, but none the less, all else was good. Be careful and not get yelled at by the security guard near the pool after hours, even if one of the wait staff had us go outside to check out the pool.  Thank goodness the security guard recognized me or someone would have been swimming and it would not have been me. Lol.
2	The atmosphere is relaxing and gorgeous.  Had the dynamite with tuna and crab ($20). It took forever to get my food and it was gross. The rice was old and the seafood either wasn't fresh or wasn't cooked right.  The staff was nice and friendly.
1	We arrived at 5:50 p.m. prior to the end of the 6:00 happy hour but, Rudy the bartender could not be bothered to serve guests seated at the cocktail area just beyond the bar.  So when seats came available at the bar, we took them. At this point I wasn't about to argue nor haggle for happy hour pricing.  So we ordered a glass of red and a Basil Hayden Manhattan over ice. I knew the price of the wine as it was clearly posted in the cocktail menu but, are you ready for this? My Manhattan was $22!! Basil Hayden retails from $36-39 while Willett Family Estate is $74-80. I get a Willett Manhattan at Bellagio for $16. Who is the imbecile who establishes this menu pricing here at Simon?!?!?
3	The food was pretty good. The service was iffy. I waited thirty minutes for a dessert and their twelve dollar mimosas were a rip, barely had any booze. Probably wouldn't return, only went because we were staying at Palms Place.
3	The setting is sexy & contemporary & gets better as the sun sets. The menu is playful & I always enjoy that. The zucchini bread that is complimentary was a great start to a fun meal. Appetizer was fantastic, I always enjoy a good sushi roll. The $24 burger was ok, not great. Definitely not worth that price tag. When I noticed the junk food dessert I couldn't resist. When it was delivered to the table all my eyes could focus on was the hot pink Marie Antoinette cotton candy which was fantastic! However all the other goodies were nasty. The cookies were stale, the rice crispy treats tasted a few days old & these muffin looking things were hard as a rock (no dramatization here) when our waiter came over & I hit one against the table he was embarrassed. Unfortunately we left with that taste in our mouths. It's a beautiful spot but somebody is not paying attention to the details that matter. When you're paying top $ for dinner you expect a lot more than rock hard muffins :(I was disappointed.
5	This restaurant is tucked away in the third tower (Palms Place) on the 6th floor, with a pool side view, large fireplace and interesting decor. The menu offers sushi, American food, and fun desserts! I was there with a large party of 8 and they happily split our checks for us without a hassle. Everyone enjoyed their meals while listening to good music, and had some cute wait staff. All in all, we had a great experience and would recommend it to locals and tourists alike. They are known for their brunch on the weekends, so my next visit will have to be for that! Can't wait!
4	My home away from home!! I love Kerry Simon's  eclectic creations! Edamame is like no other, and the classic desserts with cupcakes and cotton candy is off the charts cool! Great ambience and trendy vibe. He is truly a master of the fun and creative fusion menu. I have been a loyal, regular fan of Kerry's art and science for 15 years and he never ceases to amaze me! His new place Carson Kitchen is awesome too!!!
4	We stopped in for happy hour today and had a great time.  Wine for $6 and beer for $4 with a poolside view sounded great to us. We got the tuna tacos,  salmon sashimi, and calmari and everything was good.  The affordable happy hour and relaxed setting made this a favorite stop on our trip.
4	I have previously eaten at the Simon before and the food was exceptional. This time around I set up a business dinner with Simon Restaurant about 2 months ago with Julie for our Cloud b business dinner on Sunday, September 7, 2014. The room they placed us in was beautiful and overlooked the pool. The ambiance was great. The waiter and staff was very friendly and on top of everything making sure our glasses were never empty. The food was amazing from the wok chard edamame to the calamari with ponzu sauce to the pasta to the curry chicken to dessert which included cookies, brownies, and cotton candy. Except for the Meatloaf. It was a bit dry, lacked taste and the bbq sauce on top was too much. The mashed potatoes melted in your mouth but I think the show stopper was the dessert! I think everyone's eyes were bigger than our tummies. Of course the kids enjoyed it! I'm giving the Simon, on this review, only a 4 star. The chefs forgot to send us the fries which were on our menu. I spoke to the waiter and he spoke with the manager and they said it would be taken off the bill.  Julie went out of her way to add our logo to the menu. Everyone enjoyed the family style dinner. Overall, great experience and would recommend for a wedding dinner or business dinner again.
3	Great ambiance for date night, good and warm service. The manager was more than accommodation when I returned my Thai dish. Too bland, as was the Tuna Tar Tar. Honestly the food was cooking school level. I'm sorry but it's the truth.
3	Got breakfast with the boys one day after a night in vegas when everybody was hella hung over. (That's why you you drink  vodka waters with lemon and lime squeezed in  NOT vodka + cranberry or other sugary drinks).  SO breakfast! So we get here and we're starving because there was like an 1.5 hour wait at hash house a go go so we're like f that, and came here since my friend said he liked this place.I got the steak and eggs, which from what I remember was decent. My friend got some breakfast dish, but then ordered sushi rolls and shrimp appetizers and a few other things (he's hungry..but where the hell does it go?).. they were OK. I got a bloody mary (my fave) but their bloody mary here was okay. it wasn't very tasty, and it had a really bitter aftertaste like lemon rind or something like that. I think they literally just poured vodka and canned juice and that was it.
4	Mmmmmm ... I absolutely love ordering take out from this place .. I've tried many options from the menu and I almost always love them all .. I would have given them a 5 rating, but I did get sick once after eating their Shishito peppers, sadly can't even endure the odor of these anymore, but that's okay because they have plenty other options to try. Edamame is phenomenal almost has a steak taste to it. Lobster Mac & Cheese to die for! Tempura Brussels sprouts are a delightful surprise. If you ever get a chance stop by even for happy hour they have a great menu.
4	Came here for the happy hour. We ordered the crispy calamari, spicy tuna roll, and crispy sesame rice. The food was delicious, and the service was good. They messed up on one of our drink orders but quickly fixed the issue and even comped it for us! The feel of the restaurant was very elegant as well. Overall a good restaurant!
2	Went for breakfast. The food was fine as was the service. Then the bill came. I decided to pay in cash as I do for most purchases in Vegas. The server brought my change which was short by 30 cents. I jokingly asked the server for the rest of my change and was told "we don't deal in coins". I kid you not! I'm still in shock over the ridiculousness of this policy. I mean it's really not about the money, it's only thirty cents. It's the principle of the matter. At least make the difference in the customer's favor. So potential diners of Simon at Palms Place who are paying in cash - they don't deal in coins. SMH
5	The best brunch place I have ever been to... They offer an amazing 39.95 brunch with a 20$ unlimited bellini, mimosa, and bloodymary special! We also ended our meal with a Nutella waffle and cotton candy! Everything from the kitchen was made amazingly and of great quality, and also the items at the buffet.
5	I am going back for my birthday and the rib eye (:  the curry was super and cleverly presented
5	We were there for dinner before a concert in the Pearl. The restaurant has a wonderful ambiance in the evening. Ask for a booth that over looks the pool. We were tucked into a corner one and it was perfect. The food was wonderfully prepared.
5	Turning a frown upside down. My brothers and I stayed at Palm place went into Simons because the pool bar was closed. Let's just say bad stuff happened with the bartender right off the bat so we walked out.  Within minutes the manager arrived all issues and concerns were addressed and we were so happy we ended up tipping the bar tender.  Kudos to the management and staff.
1	This will tell it all... As we are walking out a waiter returns sushi to the sushi chef because he made it with avocado and it was suppose to be made without. The chef was visibly annoyed so the waiter said "don't make a new one just scrape off the avocado" SO HE DID! I went right up to the manager and alerted him because what if the person eating it was allergic or something! He pretty much just stared at me and said nothing while I was telling him then finished by saying "oh that's not good I'll take care of it." We slowly walked out to see what he would do and he did NOTHING!The creamed spinach was extremely salty, our sushi order was made wrong the first time, when it came back correct we didn't eat it because the crab tasted so fishy like it had been out too long without proper storage-it had to be spoiled and I'm just praying I don't get sick!! There was one server for 10 tables!!! It was a two hour process just to have salad and sushi!AWFUL EXPERIENCE AND SHADY BUSINESS PRACTICES!!
3	Atmosphere is great! Food is mediocre and over priced. I would go back, but only for drinks.
