2	Meh.  45 minute wait for our party of 5 (Matthew Fox and Scott Wolf not included).  Long wait again for our order to get taken.  Bonus: fresh hot sourdough bread brought to the table.  Of our party of 5, four entrees had problems.  Blah!  Eventually everyone got their correct food (two items had to be entirely remade), and it was decent food.  Our server didn't offer anything to make up for the hassles - a free dessert for the table would've done a lot to make us happy.  I talked to the manager before we left and he ended up taking off some of the entrees, which was a very generous gesture.  We'd definitely give it another try - their dessert case look incredible.
2	Fairly slow, however cheap food for those looking for a place to eat 24 hours around the clock while gambling at the Green Valley Ranch Resort.  Breakfast is served 24 hours, and the best deal will be the NY Steak and Eggs.  Can't really go wrong w/ that as the steak is actually a generous cut and cooked fairly well for a 'cafe'.The decor is very average and you get more of the feel of an old school Denny's that isn't run down.  The service isn't exactly quick, so don't expect to get out of there fast if you're in a hurry.  They did mix our drinks up w/ another's table, but we let it slide since we were in a good mood.  There are better places to eat here if you're staying or visiting this resort.
2	For all of the awesome places Green Valley Ranch offers, this is probably the least impressive of them all.  It's no surprise but the 24 hour cafe / diner is always at the bottom of the restaurant totem pole in casinos, but this one is especially bad for its lackluster service and mediocre food.I have come here on several occasions and while things are okay during the daytime, the night time really suffers due to the lack of wait staff.  Especially around 2AM, I understand that there aren't going to be a lot of bodies around due to the hour and I know it may be even less since its not on the strip.  But my simple meal of hashbrowns, sausage, and eggs should not have taken 45 minutes.  My waitress was out of excuses and filling my water became a chore for her after awhile.  The food was not good, somewhere between sucky and really sucky.  At least the prices were solid but the place on a whole is depressing given its lack of lighting and crowded table placement.I'll stick to the other restaurants for now.  I just wish their buffet was open late at night.
1	There really was nothing redeeming about the entire time spent here...  The dinner started with me politely asking if we could have a table that was on the opposite side from the casino so I could avoid smoke (I was getting over the flu and the restaurant was EMPTY), so she proceeds to seat me at a table right by the railing.. ummm thanks. Moving on.. We decided to try the $12.99 special with included soup/salad, "steak", potato, fried shrimp, and pie. Stupid stupid stupid!Waitress was slow, food took forever (again I remind you the place was empty). Chicken noodle soup was gross.. all celery and onions. The steak.. oh wow, I've never seen a more nasty piece of meat in my life, but ok that's to be expected. Moving on to the potato.. can you please cook it for more than 30 seconds so it's not cold and hard as a rock? Please?Pie.. icey cold and basically just packaged gooey nasty pie. Bad service, bad food... don't waste your time. The food court is great.. and if you're in need of breakfast the service and food at Original Pancake House is great.
3	This cafe is closing down, it will be replaced with Pancake House and the old Pancake House will be replaced with TGI Fridays'. If you had the pleasure of meeting the good chefs and cooks that worked certain times you were sure to have a good meal. Its cafe food, and they really had some good specials and deals. Ill miss this late night place.
5	I was extremely impressed by the new and improved Green Valley Ranch Grand Cafe. It was clear to me from the moment I entered this cafe that the staff was well trained and everybody had a sense of pride in their new cafe. I'm rating my entree. I had the crispy chicken sandwich. This was by far the best sandwich I've ever had. Simple but the look on the plate was elegant. And for dessert I had a gigantic brownie topped with ice cream and whipped cream a cheery....And sprinkles! There were three more of us but I didn't try their food but I can say the salads look amazing and the steak was having me drool across the table! 5 stars gvr on hiring some exceptional cooks! Food has me wanting more! Also they did a great job on the remodel. The decor is classy and the place looks fancy and upscale. Thanks gvr for bringing the best cafe back to green valley!
2	I am only giving this place 2 stars because our first experience here was very good. The food was pricey but still excellent and the server was attentive and friendly. Based on this experience we decided to return. What a difference.The first time we sat in a half booth which was quite comfortable, this time we sat in a full booth which was very uncomfortable. I am fairly short (5'4) and found the post supporting the table to be in the way of my legs, you can imagine how my 6'3 husband felt. The seats were very plump and the table felt too low for them. As a previous reviewer wrote (without exaggeration) the menus are excessively heavy. We placed our orders, my husband got the waffle with eggs and sausage and I got the steel cut oatmeal. The food did seem to take awhile to come out but I can't accurately say how long since neither one of us was paying attention to the time. The server said he would return with the sides for my oatmeal (brown sugar, honey, raisins, walnuts). Well this never happened and in the time being not only did I notice the oatmeal was room temperature, it had developed a skin on it from sitting out too long. I sent it back and received another bowl of oatmeal in much the same condition. I will only send an item back to the kitchen once, if it is returned still subpar I will cancel the order which is what I did. My husband's meal was also at room temperature and undercooked for his tastes but he elected to not send his back. Instead he felt he overpaid for a very mediocre meal.What was most surprising to me was that the manager never visited our table. I have never sent back an order, much less cancelled it and not had the manager come by to apologize. I am not looking for freebies but find that it shows that they care about and are on top of things at the restaurant they manage.  This place is more expensive than the far superior Grand Cafe at Sunset Station which is better situated for those who don't want to walk through a stinky casino to eat.
3	I previously wrote a review about the Grand Cafe in Boulder Station Casino, at which I had THE WORST restaurant experience of my life.  Needless to say, by name alone, I was dubious to try this particular restaurant.  As some people have said, what is UP with the weird, heavy menus?Anyway, moving on... it took our waitress about 15 minutes to greet us and get us drinks.  Luckily, the hostess noticed and brought us over a couple of waters while we were waiting.  Once she arrived, our waitress was very friendly though.  My fiance ordered a teriyaki chicken bowl, and I got the meatloaf and chicken noodle soup.  The soup was pretty good.  The meatloaf portion was HUGE - three very thick slices smothered in gravy.  It was so large that it almost looked sickening.  It tasted okay, but nothing special.  I would probably come back only late at night or if I was desperate to eat something different.  I didn't hate it, but it wasn't great either.
3	3 stars is generous. Food was actually good, had a perfectly medium rare steak. Chicken fried steak looks and taste amazing. Service is a different story. The hostess is on the grave shift is very polite, she seated us immediately, even got us drinks when the waitress was occupied. Other than that, service was abysmal. Our table was ignored through the whole meal. Did not once get a refill, my plate had the wrong eggs, wait staff visited and checked up on every table but ours.
4	I am re-reviewing this because I have been back to Grand Cafe three times since my initial review.  Don't ask me how we ended up there so many times... I don't really know.  Regardless, I have come to really enjoy this place.  Their chicken noodle soup is fantastic.  I always order a fruit cup off the breakfast menu.  It is served in a cute glass and the fruit is always cold and fresh.  Their meatloaf has gotten better too... it isn't nearly as bland, and they have changed the gravy a little bit.  I think they have just mixed in some ketchup into the gravy (judging by the taste of it), but that's a-okay with me... it appeals to my child-like sensibilities :)Yes, they DO still have the weird heavy menus.  But hey, I figure that if I'm going to put on the old feedbag, I might as well do some serious weightlifting while I'm at it ;)
2	The chicken wings are delish but the service is very slow.  Came here 3 times so far with 3 different servers. . .nothing the same.  The fist waitress took our order and then 20 mins later came back and said that the "computer" had a hiccup and didn't take our order and she threw away the original paper she took our order on.  So did that mean we waited 20 mins for nothing?!  The second time, the waiter was very friendly and prompt. . .well let me rephrase that, he worked as quickly as the kitchen allowed.  Oh but he forgot the soup.  Now this third time that I'm drafting the review now, the server didn't bring a straw for my son's drink.  We asked for it and he said he would get it now, asked again and then again until we finally got it.  15 mins after I get my hot chocolate he asks if I wanted whipped cream for it.  Once again, the server forgot food.  This time it was our short stack.  Service is always slow.  Hostess said it would be a 20 min wait for us to be seated but more than half the seats were empty.  They need a lot of improvment to live up to Green Valley's standards.  If the food wasn't ok we wouldn't have been back 3 times.  The only reason for the second star is because of the food quality and taste.  0 Stars for service!
4	One night we stopped in for a late meal.. I had 15 breaded shrimp with fries for only $5! The next day we stopped by for a quick bite and I realized that yelp had a "buy one entree get one free" offer. We had a waitress who was friendly, funny, and fast. So the service is good. Considering how inexpensive this place is (buy one dessert get one free from 6-9pm) I was surprised at how good the food tasted :) Would definitely return.
1	We went here for breakfast this morning and all I can say is our experience was awful!    The atmosphere is great here, and there are a lot of TV's so my husband can watch some sports. We used to eat here frequently before Station casinos closed all of their cofee shops.  We were somewhat a large party, there were 8 of us plus our 2 kids.  The wait  for our food was a little bit longer then expected but it wasn't that bad, and we were enjoying family time.  Everything was going fine until our food came.  My husband and I had bacon and egss.  The menu stated it was 3 eggs.  We order our eggs "country scramble" so it's fresh cracked eggs.  When we asked the waitress if we had gotten 3 eggs she said "that's what the computer says".  Our hashbrowns were cold, and so were the kid's french fries.  Our toast was not buttered, and it came in these huge fancy metal baskets.  We had little dishes of rock hard butter all over the table.  It was so fun trying to spread it on cold toast!  My mom's sandwhich was supposed to have bacon and it had none.   We had 1 little dish of ketchup, and I asked for a bottle.  I was told they weren't allowed to give me a bottle of ketchup.  What!  So I have to spread ketchup on my shredded hasbrowns and eggs?  Yes I did!  So we finally called for a manager.  He was very kind and polite and actually mentioned that he was just sent there (to the Grand Cafe) to fix these kinds of problems.  That's nice to hear.  So maybe one day  this place will get their stuff together.  Too bad because I don't think I'll ever want to go back.   And I was told that the waitress is supposed to butter the toast.  Our waitress was rude and non-caring.  She never offered to do much about our food.  We had to ask for fresh fries, oh and the size of the fries is very tiny.  They come in this nice mini fry basket- but the size it like a Mcdonalds kids meal.  I think this place is trying to come off as some kind of high class coffee shop.  But get kinder wait staff!  And bring the food out hot.    The best part was when we got our bill!  There was an added gratuity of $6.  This was the first time ever that I did not want to leave a tip.  After the waitresses attitude, and her laziness (didn't butter our toast) I was NOT leaving her anything.  The manager took it off, and he had no issues doing it.
3	Had to update my review and add another star. After my previous review and complaint directly to the restaurant I was offered a free dinner. I didn't take advantage of it because my reason for complaining is to make an establishment aware there is a problem, not to get a free meal out of it. My husband, a friend, and I stopped in after a concert one night. Mainly due to the fact that most of the other restaurants were no longer open. We all ordered the hamburger special which I believe was 2.99 and is not on the menu. This is an all day special but you do need to order a drink with it.This time the service was great and the food was very good. Everyone's burgers came out cooked to order (we were all over the board, rare, medium, and well) at the same time and at an appropriate temp. The waiter checked on us several times and brought out the requested condiments quickly.Based on this most recent experience I will definately be back.
3	Food was average.  Recommend the banana foster French toast.  Meals to avoid chicken and waffles (horrible).  Service was good, waitress very friendly but took over 30 minutes for food to be served.
1	2 days in a row we decided to eat here due to the fact that we where staying at GV resort. 2 days in row we where disappointed!!! Took 20 min to get drinks, food was cold and they never even put my wife's order in! Never will I come back!!
2	Very small side portions.  I ordered Fish and Chips, which in this cafe is pricey. The fries were the frozen skinny type, yuk.  The portion of Cole Slaw was a joke. It came in a very tiny cup. I got 2 small bites. The fish was ok.
2	Grand Cafe? A Grand price for mediocre food.  I have to say that I was disappointed with the cream of mushroom soup,spaghetti with meatballs, and Pepsi. First off, I believe with a strong conviction that Grand Cafe ought to include a soup of the day or salad with the meal. This isn't the Las Vegas Strip! And if the soup or salad is $3, I feel ripped off considering that the Cream of Mushroom soup included zero mushrooms. Coincidental this soup tasted and looked similar to the Progresso Cream of Mushroom soup that was recently reintroduced to the Las Vegas market. A soup  that once had mushrooms in the broth. Fast forward to the spaghetti with meatballs. It is impossible to ruin spaghetti, but Grand Cafe came close with the meatballs. It wasn't cold or anything. Just below average. A significant portion of the plate was taken up by garlic bread. In my opinion garlic bread is filler. And the Pepsi was too syrupy.  The service was decent. Nothing grand and nothing negative.   The deal is that what I ordered at Grand Cafe was not worthy of $20. I could of dined in Red Lobster for that price. If I do return, I intend to stick to a sandwich with fries. The bottom line is that Station Casinos should bring back the value of their old Grand Cafe.
5	Very friendly, fast service. Nachos were delicious, as was the Philly cheese steak sandwich.
1	I'm still fuming over a day later about our experience at Grand Cafe.  We just moved into the area, and had absolutely nothing in our fridge...and the babes were HuNgRy to say the least.  We decided to just grab a quick bite at the coffee shop because it was close to our house.After waiting nearly 15 minutes, and watching numerous servers walk past our table, we motioned to another server who said "our" server would be there soon.  Another 5 minutes went past, and our baby was ready to throw a fit and crayons were only doing so much.  Our server, who's name has escaped me, finally came to our table to take our drink order.  I politely asked for a coke and a water with lemon, an apple juice for the baby, and a hot chocolate for my 4 year old.  He repeated back a coffee, and for you sir.  I politely corrected him and he then asked if Pepsi was okay?  I said, no I will just have a water with lemon.  He then rolled his eyes and asked my husband for his order.  At that time the baby let out a scream and he stood there rolled his eyes and sighed extremely loudly making a scene over our crying baby.  He was obviously annoyed and less than enthusiastic, and annoyed by our children's preference.My husband stood up and was irate over the way we were treated after our baby started crying because we had waited over 20 minutes for a drink order.  We spoke with the manager, who was even less helpful...and finally walked out and went to Panera to feed our babies.Needless to say I've never been treated so poorly by a server who's main source of income is from tips.  I will never step foot into the Green Valley Ranch Resort because of the lack of care and concern from the management.  My friends are coming in to town for the weekend, and after the experience we had have canceled their rooms. We ran into a friend who was waiting to be seated, and he left as well.  Moms and Dads beware!  The bald server is a JERK and the management is less than helpful!
3	My favorite thing about this place is that it is in the Green Valley Ranch casino.  That being said, it has a pretty good selection of things from a fairly generic menu.  I've ordered at least a dozen things from the menu over the last few years of going there and have never really been disappointed or delighted...just a big solid "OK".  I'd never go out of my way to eat here, but if you happen to be in the casino already and just want a quick bite...it works.
3	This is GVR's version of the 24 hour coffee shop. The prices are reasonable, the portions no overwhelming, and the food pretty good. If the line at the buffet is out of control, walk around the corner, and you will almost never see a line. I should also mention the full bar. Worth a stop in. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Nice place inside the Green Valley Ranch and Spa. It's one of the few places that doesn't overcharge you to death for food that is actually pretty good. When my friend and I went in the place was relatively empty so the service was pretty quick. The server was nice and did everything perfectly...at first. I ordered the southwest chicken salad with no chicken. I don't understand salad prices staying the same when you take off the most important ingredient (and most expensive), but oh well. The salad was big and had really fresh avocado slices that melted in my mouth. The lettuce was crisp and the tomatoes and corn, etc. were just delicious. The tortilla strips were small and in short supply, but I probably didn't need those anyway.My friend had the chinese chicken salad and said it was really good. It looked just as fresh and was just as big as mine. Yummy!My glass was always filled and the waiter checked on us for the most part until he started getting more customers then we sort of fell to the wayside, but it's okay, we really enjoyed our lunch here. I'll definitely return.
2	For being inside a nice station casino, I was not impressed at all with "Grand" Cafe. After being seated by a not so friendly hostess, we were quickly greeted by our server, who is the only reason I gave this place a second star. We were just looking for a quick bite to eat so we decided on sharing a couple appetizers; chicken tenders and a chicken quesadilla. It took 20 minutes for our food to arrive which was more than ridiculous for how slow they were at the time. The chicken tenders were luke warm and were some of the worst I'd ever had. As for the quesadilla, Del Taco has better. And not once were our water glasses refilled. We'd hope to turn things around a little by ordering a brownie sundae since how can you really go wrong there. Worst dessert I've ever had. The only good part of it was the ice cream. The brownie was cold and hard and the whipped cream tasted off.Don't waste your time with this place, you can get better things to eat in the food court around the corner for a much cheaper price.
2	I keep giving the Grand Cafe a second chance and then I keep regretting it. The service is incredibly slow and the food is only mediocre.
2	If I have a bad expweiwnce in a place I usually give the place a second chance and that is the case with the GRand Cafe at Green Valley Ranch.I came one rime a couple of weeks ago and service was horrible. 2 weeks after previous experien (and different hour) I came to eat here again. Sat at the bar, bartender looked at me anf he walked away....no menu, no drink, not even a "Hi". I waited for 10 more minutes when he finally came out and look at me again.....and nothing. He went back to the back. I went to the hostess and asked for a table.... I was seated quickly but my waiter was MIA for 10 minutes... I ordered my meal .and he got it conpletly wrong. Also he served he cold coffe and the water I asked at the beggining of my meal i got it when I was signing the check.I dont know what is going on with this place but the service ia horrible. It seems like the pwoplw who work here at very unhappy or they just dont care.My advice......eat here only if you have an hour to kill otherwise move along.Food still decent.
4	The Grand Cafes at Stations Casinos provide tasty, inexpensive food rapidly and with a smile.  Not much more to be said.
3	We had breakfast here on Christmas morning before I needed to head to work.  I can always count on the Grand Cafe as a good option when many other things in the area won't be open, or when the buffet line across the way is long and winding.  This location as compared to the one in Sunset Station is a very comfortable atmosphere with nice decor. The service here is OK, not extraordinary but they get the job done.   The menu is adequate with options to suit everyone for all meals. The slightly high prices for just mediocre food is where I subtract stars.  My breakfast is always just OK.  My husband always mentions that he likes the cheesesteak a lot here and, having lived in Philly, I wonder if it's just because he hasn't had the real deal in a while, LOL.  I usually get a coupon in the mail once a month for this place so I think it's the only time the meal is really worth it.
4	Service was fast and friendly. The food is your average American fare but well thought out for selection. Their bake case is nice to have where you can just get a nice sweet treat on your way back to your room.
5	I just had the best steak and eggs of my life. It was perfectly cook of the steak (Medium rare) and the portion was just right. I used to go to different place to get my steak and eggs but when I found this place, I became regular here. This is one of a place that has better quality of the steak. Yes, the steak and eggs here is a little expensive compare to others. When you talk about the quality of the steak, I will probably pick this place.Also, they have an amazing spinach & artichoke dip with pita bread for $4.79. It's for two servings. You can't bet that. Our server Sam is very approachable. She's always ask if we needed anything. This place will be my regular for steak and eggs! Reminder: You must atleast be 21 yrs or someone who is 21 with you with players card at this station casino to get this deal. That's all the catch for this late night graveyard special.
1	Extremely slow service.... go elsewhere!Quality of the food wasn't bad but ladies and gentlemen you will have a few birthdays by the time the food comes out.
3	If your looking for a late night dinner this place has never done us wrong. It sing the best but if your hungry at 2am it's as good as it gets.Although the service is never consistent catch a server on a bad day and forget about getting any help. They aren't the most professional employees. The hostess never seems happy but decent food for a decent price.
4	Just played bingo and feeling hungry? This is your go-to spot for some steak and eggs or basically any breakfast plate you're looking for. I ordered the New York steak (medium rare) with over easy eggs and a side of white toast. In comparison to what South Point has to offer there is no drastic difference other then the aura of the place. Grand Lux Cafe is a bit more elegant in style yet casual. Other then that, food was good, service was a bit slow but there was about 12 of us so totally understandable.
3	Freezing cold..........a heavy jacket is a must and no one seems to care if customers are freezing and cold air is blowing on them.Slow service/short staff?Staff call customers "guys" and we've tried to tell the managers to correct this, but still happening.Would like more variety in the menu.Needs Keno Screens so that keno players can see the board.  The one that's there is poorly located for viewing.
1	Was lured into this place by the $10.00 t-bone dinner. Called ahead to see if they were still open and if they still had the special. The person on the phone said the special was still available. Upon ordering, the waiter said they had ran out of the special and I asked if they'd substitute another thing, like prime rib for the same price. They said it wasn't possible, so i asked if they could talk to management. He said management wasn't around, but we could try again later. We order the prime rib, then ask if management had an answer. Waiter said management could do nothing to substitute the prime rib, even when we tried to explain how we called ahead, offering to show the waiter our call log. It's unfortunate that in such a hospitable place as the Green Valley Ranch Resort that management could not accommodate us. Such a shame considering everything else about this resort has been absolute perfection. The dinner was delicious nonetheless.
1	Went to Green Valley Resort and Casino for the buffet but ended up at the Grand Cafe instead because we had two hungry children with us and the line at buffet was too long. First off they took over 10 minutes to seat us and they were not busy at all, a quick scan of the place revealed plenty of open tables. After getting seated we waited another 10 minutes just to order drinks, which took forever to get to us. When we finally ordered, you gusseed it, it took over 40 minutes for the food to get to us and the food was definitely not worth the wait. The salad my sister and i ordered alone took over 20 minutes to get to us. On top of the long wait they also forgot to bring out one dish.The food itself was overly salty and looked like it was hastily thrown together last minute just to complete the order. The sandwhich I had fell apart and instead of getting whole wheat bread I was given white, but given I was starving I did not want to wait another 40 minutes for another sandwhich.In summary super slow service and super salty and disgusting food. Had they been more busy I could forgive the long wait and the mediocre food but they clearly were not busy and the food was horrible. Unless you have lots of time and do not mind waiting for unappetizing food, go to the Grand Cafe at the Green Valley Resort, otherwise plenty of other options in the area. I highly recommend you stay away.
1	The first thing I have to say is that THEY ARE SO SO VERY SLOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Second thing is THE FOOD IS TERRIBLE!!!!!!!!I was hoping for a good fulfilling meal at the Green Valley Ranch Resort Buffet but the line was too long and I was with tired parents, brother, his wife and their two hungry and sleepy kids so we decided to just go to this place which was across from the buffet and had no line. Despite the fact that there were many empty tables, we still had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated. After that we pretty much quickly ordered but that didn't make a difference because we still waited about an hour and half for our food to come out - took about 30 minutes for the starter soup and salads to come out...when I say they are slow - they were really really slow......we could have line up at the buffet line and be done with dinner before they even started serving us food. The thing is it wasn't even busy - at all - so I don't understand why it took them that long.The waiter was apologetic but he is never to be found either.The food was not even mediocre - both my dish (the Meatloaf with Mashed potato) and my sister-in-law's Fried Chicken Steak was very over salted. I literally was barely able to eat the meatloaf - if it wasn't for the bland mashed potatoes that kind of neutralized the saltiness of the meat. My mom's Grilled Fish was really dry and my dad's Fish and Chips was over fried. My brother's Deli sandwich - looked like the 5 dollar convenience store sandwich and it was only half a sandwich not a full one. The only kind of decent dish was my older brother's rib eye - but even then it was kind of chewy. Overall I would not come to this place even if I was starving - because I would have had to wait forever for over-salted, dry and nearly inedible food.
3	Came in at Midnight asked for the graveyard special our sever informed us that it starts at midnight when we informed him it was midnight he responded " Time Flies " Well after 10-15 mins we finally got our drinks, then placed our orders. Which even then ran into some complications. We could tell he was new. Didn't even ask for our players card when we ordered a few graveyard items. Rarely did he check on us, nothing as simple as your food will be out shortly or anything. Not once was a refill offered we had to request our refills each time it was given. About 40 mins later our food finally arrived. Asked for Sourdough Toast got White Toast. Ordered French Onion came out cold and if you have had French Onion Soup in no way does it taste right cold. I mean it was just one little thing after another. We had the kids with us so we didn't bother making a deal out of anything we waited long enough and we where just to exhausted to even complain. Well that was until we got in the car and realized we also got charge the wrong order. That's my fault I tend to pay without ever looking. Good thing the Hubby asked about the bill I was able to catch the problem. That's when I decided it was enough and I had to make a complaint. Called the Cafe spoke with the manager Robert who was helpful and did grant us a meal in the future. Even though it wasn't the best experience I'm glad the management did what they could to make up for it.
2	PROS:- The servers and hostesses were helpful and friendly.- Place settings were nice and traditionally decorated.CONS:- Food was poor quality. Big portions, but no substance. - I got the county fried chicken steak and it was tough. The gravy was not very flavorful.- The french toast was not crispy. - The bacon was overcooked and dry.- The restaurant is freezing cold. Bring a jacket!- Food is overpriced. Be prepared to spend about $10 a person.
5	Service is slow but I guess they catching our cow because my friend and I ordered tbone steak. Boy it was well worth it. Everything was delicious. Service was excellent.
3	This place can be wonderful or a disappointment depending on how well-staffed it is when you go there. Late night specials are outrageously low priced like the "old Las Vegas" Maxim Cafe, now long gone.  The T-bone special can be great or just okay..the daily specials are a great deal...
5	Great service, good food, beautiful restaurant. I like it because it has a high end feeling not a cafe feel.   Our food came in no time and it was delicious!   Jack, the manager was on top of things.  I really like it!
1	Wow waited 8 minutes for someone to get us a drink. I had to holler the hostess who was a total snot! Awful awful I'm not even going to finish the rest of the dining experience because it was so awful. GVR you have lost yourself a good player!!
1	In all honestly if I could put 0 stars that would be my option. It just upsets me that this is close to home so it's really the only option I have when it comes to a late night quick option. See its a hit or miss sometimes mostly a MISS!! We where a party of 7. We waited about 5-10 minutes for our table to be set up and upon our arrival to the back section I checked in on Yelp. About 29 mins later after approaching a bus person a server finally decides to bring us our waters. YES! 29 minutes after she lays down the waters some of us order additional drinks, at this time I informed her about my concern on the time of service and that I hope we are compensated for the wait. She ensures me that she will let her manager know and puts blame on the hostess for seating us when she has so many other tables to wait on. When our drinks arrived we placed our orders now this is about 45 minutes already of not having an order placed. As she slowly starts bringing in our appetizers she offers one while we wait, we take her offer. About 55 mins to an hour later of receiving our appetizers our meals arrive. None of of ordered anything extravagant enough to take about a hour to serve. Without complaint we eat as fast as we can because we are already 2 hours into this meal. Without finishing much of our meals we take the rest to go. She asked if we would like split checks and walk away. Never did she ask how we wanted them split since 4 out of the 7 are couples she splits each one individually. When we get to the register to check out we notice that our bills weren't compensated not even a 10% discount for the extreme level of inconvenience they caused. She informed me that we received a complimentary appetizer an appetizer worth of $10 with a bill of about $100 and over 2 hours of wait time, we get a complimentary appetizer well they really shouldn't have even offered that! As I approach the manager with our concerns she was quick to snap at me about how they where busy and started making excuses. First off as a manager do you give your guest an excuse that you where provided a lack in service because they where busy? As she continued to argue with me she gave in an gave us 10% off each check which was about $1-2 off for each individual. The LACK of hospitality and customer satisfaction is beyond unreal! Who ever the general manager of food and beverage is for GVR needs to take time to re evaluate the staff in this cafe. It's beyond unacceptable to go through what we did as customers.
4	Our regular sunday breakfast group went here today, despite not so good reviews.  We are happy to report that the food AND the service were great!  Such a surprise after reading some of the reviews here.   Most of us had the Smoked Salmon Platter and it was excellent.  We will definitely go back.
5	We wanted an inexpensive informal meal after seeing a movie downstairs. We tried the Elephant Bar across the street but that was a 40 minute wait. So we went upstairs to the Grand Cafe inside the casino. There were 4 people on line in front of us and that made me really worried about the wait for a table. To my delightful surprise in under 5 minutes we were seated. Within 2 minutes after sitting down our server came by to tell us he was busy with two other tables but would be with us as fast as possible. He was a man of his word. In under a couple of minutes he returned to get our drink order. We didn't feel like anything fancy so we ordered a Southwest salad to share and then a Reuben sandwich to share. The Southwest salad was very good. It had lots of very fresh lettuce, an ample amount of avocado, some corn, chopped tomato, and other veggies. We had the dressing on the side. It was a chipotle dressing that was absolutely delicious. Next came the Reuben sandwich with sweet potato fries. This was huge and perfectly done. Clearly not for someone counting calories. But I guess that's what made it so tasty. Sweet potato fries ordered done crispy. And they came crispy. They came with two separate dipping sauces. One was ketchup and the other ranch dressing. Fortunately we saved the dressing from the salad. It made an ideal dipping sauce for the sweet potato fries. Overall an excellent dining experience for an informal inexpensive meal. The only real negative to the meal was the fact that some cigarette smoke from the casino drifted in. I would recommend asking for a table as far away from the casino floor as possible.
3	We stayed the night at the GVR and had a $25 hook up at the Grand Cafe. That's a good thing because there was nothing grand about this place. I take that back. The restaurant is clean, the coffee was bold, and our server was okay. But the food was average, at best. I had a chicken sandwich, bowl of chili, toast w/peanut butter, and a coffee. Their chili was okay and the chicken sandwich was bland as heck. The highlight of my meal was the coffee and peanut butter toast. The good news...$25 of our meal was comped and we were eating again in the next couple of hours. Otherwise, I don't see myself coming back any time soon.
3	I mean I have been going here for years and it truly is A-OK. It's nothing amazing but after a long night out or if you happen to find yourself there the next morning, it's a solid place to grab something to eat. The food is solid but not mind blowing and the service is just right. Granted one of the biggest benefits to this cafe vs. other casino cafe's is they still offer Keno service to your table.
5	My new favorite breakfast place. We sat at the bar to avoid the long wait and I'm so happy that we did. The Sunday bartender is awesome. I had a great time because of him. Of course I ordered my staple breakfast of steak and eggs, scrambled with cheese and it was delicious. Breakfast potatoes were seasoned perfectly. The Boyfriend ordered the same (with different eggs) and he also really enjoyed it. Soooo good! The real standout is the bloody mary. Probably one of the best I've ever had. So, the food is a little pricey but it is good so we'll be back.
3	If I was going off our experience on 11/23/14 I would have given this place 1 star. But since we were there in July 2014 and loved it, I gave it an extra 2 stars.We got the Tbone steak special in July and it was amazing! the best baked potatos and steak was really good!This time, not so much. EVERYTHING was cold. Took forever to get our food, we were starving and didnt want to wait another 30+ min. for them to re-cook it.We may try this place again, but wont come in starving. We will want to allow enough time to send it back if needed.
1	Pretty sure the Grand Cafe shares a kitchen with the buffet. Ordered the southwest breakfast bowl and was thoroughly disappointed. I am pretty sure it was a compilation of pre-made. Food slopped into a bowl and reheated in an oven briefly. Less than inspiring would be an overstatement.
