3	Good food, my biggest complaint is price.  Was over $9 for a sandwich and a soda.It was their first day open so they were running a bit slow.  The table next to us had their order lost.  Hopefully it's just first day hiccups and the service will improve.I had the bandido pannini.  Roasted turkey, roasted red peppers, sundried tomatoes, pepperjack and chipotle mayo.  It was pretty good.  But as I said before, I don't think it was really worth $9.I'll make trips back from time to time, but I wasn't amazed by this place.
4	What thoughts do the name Spicy Pickle conjure in your hungry little head? Picture this; rockin' panninis, homemade pasta salad, fresh salads, and happy workers--all with a giant pickle on the side!Overall, Spicy Pickle was a nice experience for a new chain restaurant. I went in during rush lunch hour on a Tuesday and placed a to-go order that took a little longer than expected, but was pleasantly surprised with the quality of food. Meh, it may be a little pricey, but it was worth it!Plus, the Spicy Pickle sign just makes me happy! Who loves giant pickels?! I DO! :)
4	I'm updating my review to 4 stars based on the customer service I saw yesterday.I was watching an employee (he wasn't wearing a nametag unfortunately) be VERY VERY patient with an elderly couple.  He would describe all the sandwiches in great detail.  The couple wasn't sure they wanted cheese on one of the sandwiches, he offered to have the sandwich made with cheese on only one half.Later when he delivered my food he noticed me fiddling around on my HTC EVO 4G.  He mentioned that they do groupons frequently, and that I should look into it for next time.  Very friendly, and I appreciate the suggestion that I save myself some money.After my first review I tried the bronx panini.  Unfortunately, that sandwich had some pretty generic Vons coleslaw on it.  I wasn't impressed.  I'll stick with the bandido.I still say this place is overpriced, but it is more filling than what it appears.
3	Ok for a sandwich place. I'd go back, but I wouldn't say I'd ever crave this place. Good enough for a sandwich. It got mad busy around 1215 & they were a little slow cranking out the food. They have nutrition facts online which helps if you are trying to eat healthier.
1	Really disappointed.  I'm always on the lookout for a great sandwich and Spicy Pickle failed miserably.Dismal food quality and quantity.  Incredibly overpriced!  Nearly $13 for a sandwich and a bowl of soup.  No drinks or chips in that price.It's a fairly new place near my office and I decided to check it out.  I got a pannini sandwich that had almost no meat on it at all..  It came with a side of orange slices that appeared on the verge of rotting.  I also ordered a large bowl of chicken noodle soup.  It should just be called noodle soup.  There was less than one tablespoon of chicken, a few small bits of carrot and just a bunch or waaaay over cooked noodles.  So over cooked that you cannot tell they are noodles when you eat them,.  Just pure mush.I'll never go back.  Silly me!  It's my fault.  This is what happens when I decided not to go to Capriotti's.  I'll even take Subway over this over-priced rip off.
2	Food was bland and cold. Flavors didn't go well together. Way over priced for the quality of food.  If you're thinking about trying it, go to panera bread instead.
4	Went here probably two weeks after their grand opening and it was still a bit empty but that just meant the food was going to be quick! I did the pick 2 deal which was about $8. I tried some spicy turkey sandwich which wasn't that spicy even when the cashier warned me about it. I also tried the seafood/crab soup and that was a winner especially with the sandwich to dip in it. The pickle spear was delicious, wish it was bigger. Overall it's a good sandwich place to eat at if you like options, open spaces, and an okay price. My four stars goes to the service mainly because the workers came by not once but twice to see if everything was alright. Maybe that's because we were the only family in there but still.
3	this place was just OK. i had a coupon for a free entree for my birthday since I am a member of their pickle club and they were super nice about letting me use it. They were pretty busy and I had quite a bit of a wait, i didn't mind because I was headed home but if I was on my lunch hour it would have been frustrating...The Aspen wrap was good, but for about 8.00 it was like other Yelpers mentioned pretty skimpy on the meat...The workers were nice and when they ran out of soup before they finished a man's order I saw the manager make it right..hopefully these are just opening kinks...
5	I love there thin crust pizza... They would win me more if they advertised good albacore tuna. The one they use is disgusting
5	This is my favorite lunch spot!  If you're in the mood for a soup and sandwich, I always order the pick two with a wise guy and twice baked potato soup.  Just the right amount of grub to hit the spot.  Careful on your timing though... the lunch rush can get crazy.
5	Very good little spot for lunch! Husband and I walk past here a lot while exercising & decided to give it a try. He had the Northend with pasta salad and I had the Basque panini with pasta salad. Really good portion sizes, I had to take some home. Very clean & cute inside and awesome service (:
4	The sandwiches and soups are delicious! The kids that work there are very nice and customer service oriented. It makes me happy to see a business that hires teenagers in this economy since I know that working around child labor laws are difficult and it is so easy to hire undocumented workers in this area. When this place opened up my friends and I went here for like a week straight but then I looked on their site and found how many calories are in these sandwiches. That was a shocker but it truly is delicious!
5	Love the sandwiches and service is top notch! Keep up the great work.
4	We came in for a quick lunch on a Thursday. There were a few people but it wasn't very crowded. They had a unique menu of sandwiches, soups, Panini's and salads. I decided to get the combo, with a half-sandwich and salad. I got the gobbler for my half-sandwich which consisted of turkey, sun-dried tomato mayo, feta and artichoke hearts. My salad was the spinach salad which was spinach, apples, feta and walnuts with an apple-cider vinaigrette. They were both very good, they portions were really large and I couldn't finish my meal. The ingredients were fresh and delicious. The only thing I would have done was put less mayo on my sandwich, but it did have really good flavor. The bread tasted fresh and they put a lot of meat and cheese on the sandwich. The dressing was really good and light. Overall, I really enjoyed my meal and will definitely be back to try some more of their sandwiches. My meal came out to be around 8 dollars.
3	I'm going to give an "okay" rating to Spicy Pickle. I would like to give a 4 star rating, but there is one thing holding me back - the price. I realize the food is very fresh and the sandwiches are quite different from other sandwich chains, but still... I think their pricing may be due to the fact they also make the personal pizzas, and they do paninis as well. I can imagine that's kind of costly to a place that is this small. I have had Spicy Pickle before I went to this new one in Vegas which is located off of Warm Springs. They opened a Spicy Pickle in Reno when I lived there many moons ago. I remember going a few times and thinking it was pretty good.On my visit I had the Santa Cruz sandwich ($7.95). And all sandwiches come with a selection of a side: fruit or macaroni salad, or you can upgrade to an actual salad as well, but its costs extra. I opted for the macaroni salad, because I've had it in the past and it is actually very good. It never comes out slimy or gross, but is actually light and tasty, considering it's macaroni. My Santa Cruz was very well put together. The lettuce was crisp, the bread had a nice feel to it, and the other toppings/meat were plentiful, yet not over-bearing. I hate it when I get a sandwich that is busting at the seams, just not my thing. My meal also came with spicy pickle (how appropriate...)Comparable to... Capprioti's in my opinion, but SP has a lot more selection. The prices are comparable, but SP has a completely different vision from Cap's. You might also compare it to Quizno's, but then again SP is much higher-ranking than Quiznos taste-wise and freshness wise. There's a lot of selection here. That's their strong point. If you're looking for something different that you've never had before in the sandwich world, SP would be for you. Spicy Pickle, if you were priced just a *bit* lower I would frequent more often.
4	Great place, great healthy food, good service.  Both locations are consistent in quality and service.  Soups are of good quality.  I like healthy, fresh food at a fair price with good service.  Spicy pickle hits the spot!
3	Decent place to stop by for lunch outside of the strip. It was raining cats and dogs yesterday so their Make It 2 Combo of a half sandwich and bowl of soup was the perfect item to order! The broccoli and cheddar soup was creamy with the right ratio of broccoli to cheese. The Brookyln is a standard pastrami with coleslaw sandwich that is a local version of the Langer's #19 in Los Angeles. Portion size is perfect to fight hunger yet not cause and food coma. Success!
2	I first visited this Spicy Pickle location shortly after they opened, and experienced a VERY long wait time (10 minutes) for a simple panini that wasn't nearly toasted enough and a side of pasta salad. Assuming that this was merely because the staff was new and there was a big lunch rush there, I figured it would be worth another chance. Based on my second experience, I don't think I will be giving them a third chance.The dining area only had a few patrons, and there was no line when I got to the counter. I ordered a combo with a half Basque panini and a green chili corn bisque soup (about $8) and stepped aside to wait for my order. FIFTEEN minutes later, after several other orders were brought to tables or given to other take-out patrons, the employee who was expediting food asked me, "Are you Lisa?" No, I'm not Lisa. He shuffled through a few tickets (where he obviously didn't find mine), asked me what I had ordered, and then asked the gal making sandwiches where my order was. She said gruffly, "I don't have anything for Amy." Great. Instead of apologizing for making me wait needlessly, they slapped together a sandwich that was 50% apple, 25% mustard, 24% spinach and 1% ham and then put it on the panini press for about 10 seconds. I will say the soup was delicious, but all they had to do was ladle that into a cup. I not only waited while nearly every other patron dining in and taking out received their orders before me but I was then rewarded by receiving a half-assed sandwich assembled by ambivalent staff. The ratio of ingredients made for a very weird flavor. A mustard-coated granny smith apple sandwich is not what I ordered.Lunch rush sandwich places are a dime a dozen, and I am lucky to have quite a few options close to my office. It's great to have something a little more special than the Subway across the street, but with so many dining choices, customer service is key. I'm disappointed that the inordinately long wait times and poor customer service I experienced when they opened weren't just growing pains.
4	Went for the first time the other day and the girl who greeted and rang me up was very friendly and helpful. I had the Yardbird panini with a couple changes and loved it. I can't wait to try other things so I can bump it to a 5 star rating.
2	I've been here a couple times and had the same experience both times. I ordered two different thing and the people I was with were generous enough to let me try their food. Service is fine. Nothing extraordinary. The food isn't good. I have seen almost every sandwich offered on the menu and the bread is huge and the meat is disappearing! The meat is not good. It tastes like the cheap kind you get in the refrigerated section pre-sliced. You own a restaurant the least you could do is slice your own!  The cheese is flavorless. I'm not sure they could slice the tomato any thinner. Nothing about any sandwich is good or worth going back for. I also had a flat pizza. Not good. It was dry and flavorless! I found myself wanting some red pepper just to have some flavor. I won't go back here unless there is nothing else. It isn't good.
3	Nice place for lunches.Soups sandwiches aren't that bad.Sit outside, oh yeah.Ah not really a haiku but it pretty much sums up the whole Spicy Pickle experience. I'd like to add that their sandwiches are spicy cause it tastes like they use a lot of ground black pepper.  Reasonable priced and always busy when I go.
4	Very delicious and fresh food! I get the Greek salad almost everyday. The people are friendly and they recently started offering a rewards program. Stay away weekdays at noon. VERY SLOW to get your food during this time. Other than that two thumbs up!
4	We love this place.  They have quite a few pescatarian options for us so this is a good place for a quick bite to eat.  Much better than your typical Subway fare.  We used to go to their Eastern location a lot.  Unfortunately they closed that location down.  This place is a little bit aways from us but their offerings before made it a must have after a day at the Outlets stores.  The cashier was very helpful and courteous.  Found out that they offer breakfast items now.  We normally order the Pick 2 menu offering but we ordered their regular sandwich items and we were surprised how big their serving was.  We could have shared the sandwich it was that big.  We will definitely be back for another lunch for sure.  Maybe we can even try their breakfasts one day!
3	Pretty good lunch spot. Their signature spicy tuna salad is a healthy choice but wonder why it's not spicy at all. It comes with a tasteless oil that doesn't do anything for the salad. Definitely get a soup or sandwich to go along with it or you'll be hungry. They also offer flat bread like pizzas, sandwiches, paninis and soups. I like the seafood bisque which I found out recently was only offered at their Las Vegas locations. They also have the sweet green tea I like :)Great alternative to fast food lunch trap.
4	Excellent tuba sandwich. Great coleslaw. The "pizza" was good considering my husband thought it was going to be a sandwich. It was also good considering it was not the pizza we were used to. Good much alternative and much better than subway or those other chain sandwich places. Service was great and establishment was clean. Can't ask for much more ;-). Try the spicy pickle. Delish.
4	Great sandwiches and very good customer service!! the girl was very friendly and very patient!! I was a new customer and took a while to look over menu. I loved my chicken salad wrap and other sandwiches were great!!
3	Definitely just an average sandwich joint.  One thing I didn't understand is why they didn't have soup.  They have the typical pick 2 combo you might find at Panera or Cafe Zupas, except you are picking between a sandwich, panini, and flat bread pizza....so essentially you are getting 1/2 sandwich 1/2 sandwich.The side of potato salad was very generic and heavy on the mustard.  I got the tuna salad sandwich which was just ok.  It is adequate if you are in the area and need a quick bite that won't cost you 1,000 calories, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
4	If you love panera bread you'll love the spicy pickle, it's healthy and refreshing . I had 1/2 1/2 combo and got the  Santa Cruz sandwich and loaded baked potato soup. OH MY GOODNESS DELICIOUS . The atmosphere was lovely , everyone was friendly and it seemed as if the workers kept it that way. The soup was creamy and matched well with the sandwich . Also don't forget to check in on yelp! You get free chips and a drink .And of course it comes with a spicy pickle ;)
2	While the sandwiches appear large, they are overstuffed with lettuce and very little meat. The Panini bread was ok. I opted for the pasta salad for my side which seemed very dry. The pickle on the side, however, was delish. The service was excellent, quick and friendly. The restaurant was very clean but the claustrophobic, cattle-shoot feel to their entrance and crowded ordering counter was a put off.All-in-all it was okay, not fantastic for the price.  Two Paninis and two drinks for $21 including tax.
3	I was always told they are SOOO good so when I was down there working in the area I took my lunch break there and it was  good but I still thought a little $ for what the quality of food was?? But seemed like a popular place the business people from the area go ?
5	Literally the only place I enjoy paninis. Theirs are soft and warm with a nice crust. I typically order the adobe, bastille or bandido but have tried many more. Great lunch spot (I have unfortunately not tried breakfast yet).
2	This place gets 2 stars for being clean, having a friendly cashier/expeditor, and the eponymous "spicy pickle" being very tasty.Other than that, it needs some serious work especially if it wants to compete for lunch business from the nearby business parks. I decided to check the place out for lunch recently and ordered the chicken Caesar salad in a spinach wrap to-go at 12:45pm - simple, easy, quick. There were about 10 people in front of me waiting for their orders if you include both the line and the people waiting for food, with a smattering of guests seated at the tables enjoying lunch. So, I was slightly shocked when I looked down at my watch and noted that 15 minutes had passed since I had ordered - and still no wrap. All told it took 18 minutes from payment to sandwich in hand, a near travesty for those of us who need to get back to work at lunchtime.  There were two cooks in the kitchen and they maybe turned out a combined 12 orders in the 18 minutes I was there. This is a counter-service lunch place, the kitchen should not be crawling along at a glacial pace while the manager pokes away at the POS with a clipboard (partially ignoring some customers waiting to order by the way).As for the Chicken Caesar Wrap, well it was not like any other Caesar that I have ever had! First off, they used feta instead of Parmesan (even though the menu says Parmesan) - a completely different flavor and texture that was off-putting. Next, I had hoped for a homemade Caesar dressing but whatever dressing they used tasted closer to soy sauce than to Caesar. I would have settled for something out of a squeeze bottle. Finally, the chicken was "meh" - your average quick service sandwich strips so nothing redeemable there. Trying to hard to "spice" up what should be a straight-forward sandwich left it unrecognizable as what was advertised.Overall, this outlet needs to up their game. Its in a competitive lunch area surrounded by business parks and should be able to make a killing. However, if the kitchen can't keep up, the management is checked out, and the food is mediocre then its going to have a hard time. Normally, I like to give places at least 2 chances, but I honestly don't think that I have the time! If it took almost 20 minutes to get a cold wrap when it was not busy, I definitely couldn't fit it in my lunch break if the place was slammed!
3	Can we talk about the customer service?! Mmmm, this place is where it is at. Fresh ingredients, tasty sandwiches and appetizing wraps. I got the wise guy sandwich with macaroni salad and their infamous spicy pickle. To my surprise the spicy pickle itself was delicious, crunchy with a kick at the end and the salad was to die for! The ingredients inside of the wise guy were good but the bread was tough and scratched the roof of my mouth. It made it difficult to enjoy the sandwich but I couldn't complain after receiving a filling amount of food for only $8.50 which is a good buy of you're not looking to add on any extras. I still prefer Jimmy Johns or Port of Subs though.
2	I wanted to love you Spicy Pickle, but it was your pickle I liked best. I had the Bandito panini with Peppered turkey, pepperjack, roasted red peppers, sundried tomatoes, chipotle mayo. I took the sandwich to go and by the time I got to eat, it was pretty soggy. The blend of flavors didn't save it. I'll have to give it a second chance and dine in, maybe try a specialty sandwich instead.
4	Guilt-free guilty pleasure. Great for those days when you want to eat something delicious without feeling greasy after. I had one of their panini's and and loved it. I wish they stayed open a little later.
2	I was sorely disappointed with the food here because I used to frequent Spicy Pickle all the time when there was a location on St. Rose and Eastern.  I always get the Lobster Bisque and the Bandito Panini, which I got again on this day for lunch.  The soup was lukewarm and my sandwich was flavorless.  Needless to say, there are way too many other sandwich places for me to return. :(
4	Love the food from here. Wish the hours were longer and the food prices a little cheaper. But, the soup and sandwiches I have had from here are divine. The DeLuca is awesome. It opens at 7:30am and I think closes at 6pm. The staff is generally nice and they bring the food out to you. They do have seating inside and outside.
2	Food tastes great but the portions are too small for the high price.  I wouldn't mind paying the high price if portions were larger.  For instance, I ordered a buffalo chicken sandwich and there was very little chicken in the sandwich.  But what there was tasted great.  Staff is friendly.My suggestion to them is to increase the amount of food and they will start getting return customers.  I will not be going there again.
3	I really want to love this place.  I've been here four times now and two times have had bad food experiences.  The first time I ordered a chicken wrap and the chicken was the WORST chicken ever.  I think it's the cheap Tyson or Hormel chicken that you get in the freezer section that I wouldn't even feed to my dog.  I ended up unwrapping the wrap and getting all the fillings except for the chicken.I decided to give it another go.  Got the Bandido and the bread wasn't cooked all the way through.  I tried and tried to keep eating, but just couldn't stand the mushiness from the bread.  I kept examining it to make sure it was the bread because the flavors were very good, but ended up tossing more than half the sandwich :(The other two times I did not have a bad experience and the staff is polite, that's why I gave it three stars.  I'm not sure I will try it again because I really would like a great lunch for $8.00+ dollars.
5	Great spot to grab a panini and a seafood bisque. Place is nice inside and the staff are friendly.
4	I've only visited this place once and so far so good. I do plan on going back and trying other sandwiches :)
3	I've come here twice. Quality of food is not the best and I feel like both times I've visited I felt like I didn't get my money's worth with the quality of food. This place is located by my work so I'd hope this might be my go-to place for lunch.I got the Spinach salad which has spinach, fresh apples, walnuts, bleu cheese, and apple cider vinaigrette. Chicken weren't even strips. They were really really tiny cubes as if they bought it at Fresh and Easy. I mean the whole salad didn't feel fresh. It felt very store bought. The good thing is is that they have a check-in offer, but even that they didn't know about. The service is very friendly and nice, but I swear it doesn't balance with the quality of their food.Tried it once it was ok. Tried twice, still ok. Third time...probably won't be a third time.
5	Fast service great salad! The atmosphere is trendy and this is a great choice for lunch. I had the Chicken Caesar salad.
4	Though I'm not a sandwich eater, I come to this place for the soups and of course the spicy pickles.  Every soup that I have tried here is nothing short of amazing.  My fave is the SW chicken chili, absolutely wonderful.  The pickles...  My oh my....  If I could make these myself I would be in heaven.  I'm addicted to them.  They are the best ever.  This place is super convenient to where I work, so I come here 1-2 times a month, my only complaint are the prices...  Not really a complaint but there are cheaper places, but then again, they don't have the pickles, lol.
3	The food and service is great HOWEVER For the meal that is provided its way over priced. You're already paying over 8$ a sandwich but for the build your own combo its the exact same price but they charge you for avocado charge you for bacon,not as an extra but as a main part of the sandwich in general. They offer pasta salad potato salad orange slices with a spicy pickle as a side. But by orange slices they mean 3 and they don't offer any sort of dill pickle for kids.
3	***Checkin and they give you a small drink and chips for free! ***Small place that is clean and comfortable.  I ordered the half chicken salad sandwich and seafood bisque. The sandwich was ok.  The chicken salad seemed like it was missing something, but still had a nice crunch. The wheat roll was just ok.  I can't figure out if it was stale or what I disliked about it, but I ended up just eating the chicken salad out of it. Now the bisque was amazing!  I ate every drop. I also enjoyed the spicy pickle. This place was ok, but since it is not super close, I probably would not drive outta my way to return.
3	Overpriced for quality of sandwich. I got the yard bird. Sandwich was bland, bread was not fresh; almost stale which made the whole sandwich taste worse than it probably would have with fresh bread. The kids flatbread cheese pizza was decent. My 5yr old daughter said it was good. I won't be back.
3	The sandwiches seem very dry and bland. The soups are good though and of course their spicy pickles that accompany the sandwiches are yummy. The staff is nice and there is plenty of seating. I wanted to like this place since it's just up the block from me. Sadly I won't be visiting again, not worth the price.
2	I guess when you call in an order for pickup, the quality is not the same as eating there.We ordered from this location on Thursday 8/14/14 and the sandwiches were pretty good as well as the sides, cole slaw & potato salad.Today Friday 8/15/14 we decided to order from here again, pickup as well and this time the sides were VERY disappointing.  We got two cole slaws and the containers they put the to go stuff in is not very big to begin with, but one container was only about half full and the other one was even less then half only about a quarter.  REALLY???  They charge a fairly decent price but when paying $6 to $8, you expect to receive the value for the money paid. Consistency is NOT something this place has.  We ordered two Piadina's both exactly the same and one had more substance to it then then other.  One had two pretty good halves, the other only had one full half and one which was half bread with a little substance. Again not a good value for the price being paid.  Both halves should have been equal and the sides cups should be full.  I guess the food is not being checked by anyone before it is given out, it is just made by whomever is in the kitchen that day and given out with no quality control checking.Not sure if we will give this place a third try on calling in an order for pickup.  I think face to face inside so you can discuss this with the manager is a better chance of getting equal quality for equal cost.
1	I feel compelled to write a negative review of this place after giving it a second try since it's constantly listed as a recommended lunch place in my "nearby" search. To say the quality of the food here is "mediocre" is an overstatement. A compliment in fact. Because frankly the food is barely edible. What's worse, one of my pet peeves is when a food establishment calls its food one thing when it's not actually the case. I believe that's called lying. Or at the very least, false advertising. Like when a restaurant claims their orange juice is fresh squeezed when it is actually from a bottle (you know who you are, Eat), or in the case of this terrible place, calling frozen chicken that's been microwaved as grilled. I mean come on. In what world is that the same thing? You can't just get fresh chicken and grill it if you're gonna call it grilled? Such a disappointment when I've paid $10 for my sandwich and taken it to go only to unwrap it and realize it is NOT AT ALL what I expected. Not to mention it tastes bad and is totally unhealthy! Anyway. Never going back here and I hope they read this and revise their descriptions to reflect the truth about the shitty ingredients they offer.
4	Friendly setting and a fun name.  Very confortablr, music was a touch loud but seriously only very very slightly loud so not a big deal.Own space with some booth seating, nice service with friendly staff brining out the modern plate to your table.I had the Paran salad- tasteful and crisp salad with fresh tasting avocado.  The Lemon olive oil vinegarette could have been slightly more lemon and vinegar but was still good.Cheddar broccoli soup was also very good.My wife had the Roman panini- cheese was sweet and tomatoes were a nice ripeness.  All in all a great sandwich shop- and being about 100 yards from a corporate big name shop (starts with an S) my choice is very easy and clear- Spicy Pickle hands down every time!!!!!!!!
3	Spicy Pickle is very conveniently located across the street from my work.... so I have found myself here a few times when I am in a lunch rush!The food is good, although I find it to be a lil over priced for what you get.  I usually order a wrap of some sort, whether it is on their menu or a create my own selection. There is plenty of seating inside, they also offer outdoor seating as well.
2	Came here just at random! I wasn't a big fan of anything.. The atmosphere or the food.. I got the 3 cheese sandwich and it was lacking some flavor.. My boyfriend got some limited edition buffalo sandwich which also wasn't all it was made out to be.. We also were limited on what could be ordered since they were out of certain soups and don't serve breakfast paninis after a certain time. Basically it's a downgraded version of zupas but pricier! Not an expensive place- but for what we paid we could've have a better meal, more options and a side of bread and chocolate covered strawberry ..
1	I made the worst mistake coming here for the first time one day during lunch time at work. I happened to run into it while looking for a 7-11 which happens to be next door. I tried it and decided on the Bandido Panini because the ingredients sounded yummy. The menu stated peppered turkey, pepperjack, roasted red peppers, sundried tomatoes, and chipotle mayo.Ok well that sounds good right? I was totally wrong because this panini that I ordered to go was a huge disappointment in a bag just waiting to explode in my face! They state the Panini is built on Fresh Baked Rosemary Focaccia. Well I don't know about that because it taste like flavorless cardboard. This crap was not cheap either, the combo which is a small Panini, small side and soda set me back like $11 and some change.I am sad to report this is a 1 star trash dump of a rating. I wasted my taste buds and money on a bad decision. I learned my lesson.The photo I took you can see is prior to taking a bite. This bland and flavorless Panini should have been posed in the casket it belongs down in trash land.
2	This sandwich shop was not what I was expecting. Although it was a quality sandwich with a great taste, the price was too much. The portions were so small for a sandwich so expensive. The great taste is overruled by the ridiculous price of a sandwich.
1	Poor, poor, poor!!I ordered the Med sandwich.  I opted out of the red wine vinegrette and instead requested for the spicy ranch sauce.  I also ordered a side of cole slaw.1. I opened the cole slaw and immediatly noticed that it wasn't a mayo based cole slaw.  Alright no problem.  Mayo based is my favorite, but i enjoy vinegar based slaw as well.  First bite, no flavor.  2nd bite, no flavor.  I see some kind of liquid has been added, but it wasn't vinegar.  I'm not sure what it was but it was absolutely flavorless.  Didn't finish it!  Plain shredded cabbage is not coleslaw!!2. My sandwich.  I opened it up, and found no spicy ranch sauce, and no red wine vinegrette.  It was a completely dry sandwich.  Dissapointing to say the least.  I goto the fridge, and get my bottle of creamy parmesan ranch and ate the entire sandwich.  It was good despite the bread being a bit on the dry side.3. The first 2 complaints wouldn't have been enough for me to leave this negative feedback.  It's this third complaint that was the icing on the cake.  When i bit into my sandwich, i bit down into something a bit hard.  Not enough to crack teeth, but enough to let you know, something isn't right.  i spit it out, and it was a chunk of lettuce core.  How cheap and/or lazy do you have to be, to not spend 10 seconds to core your lettuce before shredding it?!  Really!!
5	I've eaten here many times and use their catering services for work. The food is always great and the service is exceptional. I love the yard-bird and the macaroni salad is the best..
3	A bit pricey for the quality--cheap deli meat. At least the sandwiches are a creative mix of flavors. Pasta salad was yummy. Wish there had been more of it. Girl at the counter looked pissed the whole time I was in there.  Not friendly or helpful. Guy who made the sandwich was super fast.
5	Fresh sandwiches. Fast service. And Happy Hour from 3-5:30pm is a great deal- buy one get one half off. I have had the panini and turkey sandwich. Pasta salad and coleslaw...fresh.
5	One of my favorite places for a long time. You would never guess this is a national franchise. Don't let the name fool you as the pickle isn't that spicy. They also have Cholula sauce and a great pasta salad.
5	I have been coming to Spicy Pickle since their old location! Hands down the best soup in town! The seafood bisque is to die for! I tried a cup of the Southwestern bisque if I remember the name correctly.  And it was so delicious too! I also had half a flat bread pizza, and the presentation was so nice! As well as being very, very tasty.  (See the picture I uploaded.) The flavors are complex and the food is filling without having you feel "weighed down." This is one of the reasons I dislike eating fast food like McDonald's which tends to make me feel tired and bloated afterward.I was so full I did not eat for the rest of the night and took a slice home which was half of my breakfast the next day.  I am always conscientious of eating healthy avoiding all but complex carbs on a typical day so I asked a lot of questions from the guy who helped me about what he recommended etc. I am really picky about what I eat since I used to manage a family-owned "Best of Las Vegas" restaurant with my mother. And I am telling you this place is so delicious.Like I referenced before, the guy was so helpful and patient.  Answering at least 5 minutes worth of my questions before my settling on my order.  He was so helpful in fact with his recommendations that I tipped him two dollars.The decor inside is really pretty and bright.  The tables are modern and very clean.  There is even a cute statue of a cute cat.Spicy Pickle is a local treasure! A must try...! Check out the seafood bisque! You will love it!!!
