3	I went today for lunch. I have driven by this place waiting for it to open sooo many times!! Well it's finally here and I'm glad because it was pretty good for its second to third day open! Parking is annoying...not many spots.The server was really overwhelmed when we first got there but turned it around midway through. It took a few minutes to be approached and then a little more time for our order to be placed but I figure it couldve been worse!! It's rainy and gloomy in Charlotte today so I opted for the "Famous" Fried Chicken with Mashed Potatoes and Gravy....Famous? What makes it famous? (like in ELF when he finds the "Worlds Best Coffee"...I love that movie, anyways)The flavor was lacking and seasoning was needed, but the fry on it was good and the chicken was moist. The mashed potatoes were also bland along with the gravy. All in all not that great of an experience BUT it has all the potential to be great once they figure things out! The servers are still learning the menu as the chefs are too! I will be back only to be proven right that they just need a few days to get into their groove!!
1	I try not to go to extremes when reviewing things; when those around me pile on the criticism, I try to find a silver lining. But it's hard to find anything that went right on my first visit to Midnight Diner.We were seated promptly. That's the good news. My guest and I both ordered a mushroom swiss burger for lunch: Hers all the way, mine with lettuce and no other trimmings. She got fries, I got onion rings. Coffee for her, Diet Coke for me.Then we waited. And waited. About 40 minutes. Lunch rush? It was busy, but not that busy.When our food finally arrived, it was all wrong. Her burger came with mushrooms and swiss, but no toppings. Mine came with the lettuce, but no mushrooms. By the time we realized it, the waitress was gone. Five minutes later, my guest was able to flag her down about the condiments. She scurried away, presumably to remedy the mix-up; the condiments never scurried back.To call my burger skimpy would be a disservice to skimpy burgers. The burger was sliced in half, and after one bite of the first half, I was left with mostly bun. Maybe the left half of that particular cow would be meatier...The waitress did re-emerge eventually to refill our drinks. She offered to bring me another Diet Coke. She brought Dr. Pepper instead. The straw was nice, though.It's a shame: I've been waiting for a good all-night diner in Charlotte (other than Landmark). I guess I'll keep waiting.
2	It's not high art, it's functional food and it's an option. I went during dinner at 6:30. I had a minimal wait and was seated at a booth by the jukebox whose selections I forgot to peruse. Some other yelper please address.The booths are comfortable and wide, enough for the two 240lb male consultants behind me or maybe three 120lb uptown clubbing women. I mention the clubgoer set because by and large I think that's where the patrons are going to come from for this establishment. What Charlotte has greatly lacked is a place making more substantive meals than bar food after 10pm between Uptown and South End/Dilworth.The menu is as varied as you would want with a 24 hour diner. In terms of the breakdown of choices it's 50% breakfast, 30% lunch, 15% entrees, 5% dessert. I'd like if the low calorie choices were more interesting than iceberg lettuce + cottage cheese + protein on top. Iceberg lettuce is nutritionally bankrupt & except for a iceberg/blue cheese/bacon wedge it's not a salad base.My order of steak & eggs came quickly and to order meaning the steak was as rare as legally allowed. This brings me to my opening statement as to what to expect. It is functional food served here, not haute cuisine. The eggs were a shade runney, which I prefer, the steak cooked well but could have used some rub and the hashbrowns definitely needed something. These are individual nitpickings as there was salt & pepper on the table and the waitress asked if I wanted steak sauce. The one gripe I have is the biscuit. It's more of a bread dough consistency than a Flying Biscuit/Zada Jane/traditional dough. It comes buttered so the flavor is there but the mouth feel is more spongey than flakey. It's not bad, it's just different.Th service is warm & friendly without being hovering.  Parking will be an issue as there 8 spots. Carson St stop on the Lynx is a short walk away and I expect to see a number of cabs dropping off late night patrons.Dear Charlotte, if your durnk if firmly on and you're not in the mood for another street side hotdog you now have another option.
3	This is definitely a late night spot. Generally speaking, I wouldn't want to eat what they serve unless I had some liquor in me. And, the silver prefab pod thingey is a trippy novelty if your'e in a "creative" mindspace. The inside is lit with yellow recessed lights accented with pink neon, so it's bright but not harshly so. Service was great and the food was acceptable. We ordered the uptown breakfast(s) and I had a side of mac n' cheese. The portions were smaller than I had anticipated but I don't suppose you really want large portions of the kind of foods they serve. The mac n cheese was mostly butter topped shredded orange cheese which I assume was cheddar.Coffee was excellent and our server was prompt about refilling. They have just obtained a liquor license so beer and liquor will become available in the coming weeks. The dining experience was totally satisfactory for 'late night.' And, as music lovers, my party and I were digging the gold record montages. Driving here is not recommended as there were at least 5 police cars on patrol and limited parking.
2	Convenience factor for those who live in uptown -especially Southend:  5 starsCool fifties Diner Inspired vibe: 5 starsService- Friendly servers who have yet to grow weary of the incoming drunk-crowd they will undoubtedly serve over the next few months: 5 stars So why did this place NOT receive 5 stars you ask???The Food. Just Meh. 1.5 stars We both ordered Grilled Cheese (mine w/cheddar and tomato and side of mashed potatoes- his classic American w/side of chili ) as my bf put it -how hard is it to mess up a grilled cheese? Apparently not that hardMy cheese was not melted. The bread not nearly crisp enough. It was kind of a small portion as well; something I would make while babysitting- not restaurant quality. My mashed potatoes - while I think real were not even hot! I likened them to nursing home mashers...yikes, My bf's chili was just ok as he put it . Overall for 2 small grilled cheese w/small sides and 2 waters it came out to $16. These were not $8 meals ...just saying. I guess I expect diner food to be more plentiful - better priced- and just all around greasy goodness. They failed to hit the mark. I hope they can change things up in the next few months because they have a killer location!
2	We were there for breakfast. I had the waffles nothing to write home about. I make better waffles at home with Aunt Jemima mix.  Husband order pancakes eggs sausages well over 9 dollars for that. He did  not even finish his pancakes and thats normally his favorite.  Enjoyed the interior.. but the food lack in taste and overprice.  Took forever to get the food too.  Perhaps since they are still new.  Management will work out the problems.  Overprice foods. Would not being going there again.
4	The french toast is excellent, real thick cut bacon, and its 24 hours! I'm a native Charlottean back in town from Atlanta. I hoped something better than Landmark would one day be added to all the new nightlife. This is that hope. I didn't find the food compromised by the diner vibe at all. The challah was authentic & real maple syrup aren't exactly low brow. My suggestion: they have fried chicken AND waffles on the menu...but not together. What's that oversight about?
5	I live just a few blocks away from Midnight Diner, so despite the reviews I read, I still had to check it out for myself. I don't know if the service and food have just really improved in the past two week, but my experience was pretty much the exact opposite of most of the reviews that I read.We were seated immediately, even though the place was busy at 8:00 p.m. The wait staff were nice, and got us a soft drink in lightening speed while we perused the menu.I ordered the country fried steak with mashed potatoes and green beans for sides. The country fried steak was awesome - exactly what I was hoping for. It was hand-breaded with a nice cream gravy. You could tell the mashed potatoes were handmade, and the green beans were just seasoned amazingly (I probably could have just had a giant bowl fo the green beans and been happy). My fiance got hand-breaded chicken tenders with mac and cheese, and had no complaints either. The food came out within 10 minutes of ordering - and exactly like we ordered it. I couldn't have expected any quicker, especially since the place was pretty busy.I really have no complaints about this place, and will be back regularly. The people that I've talked to about this place also love it - one guy I know has been there 12 times already. The only negativity that I've seen/heard has been online, and not just on this website either. But I had to give my two cents after an experience that I couldn't expect to have been any better. Quick service, good homemade food, friendly staff, and good prices - that pretty much sums it up for me.
3	Alright...this place has taken an early beating, but I still needed to try it for myself. And while they are still working out obvious kinks, my experience was A-OK. I went here for lunch by myself and sat at the countertop area in front for the TV. Nice that Sportscenter was on for me. The menu is extensive and detailed. About 7-8 pages I think, but don't be intimidated by the thinkness. It's just the words that are big, probabloy for those visiting late night that can't see so clearly. Ordered the "midnight special" which is your typical breakfast place 2 of each. 2 eggs, 2 pancakes, 2 bacon/sausage and hashbrowns. All this for $8.99 (see biz pic as I took one). Maybe an extra $1 too much or so, but for the size of the pancakes I can see how they justify it. Only issues was that my over-easy eggs were a little too runny in terms of the egg white. Probably go over-medium to be safe. A lot of people running around and I did see some food come back ans I was sitting in front of the expediting area. That said; my meal was good and I'd probably go back again.
2	A real life diner, finally in uptown (or at least on the very edge).  Breakfast is served anytime along with a menu of mostly simple staples- burgers, sandwiches, and desserts- which are on full display at the front counter.  My wife and I went for breakfast on a Sunday recently, to see what this place was all about.Atmosphere is mostly good: tight booths and bar seating in a long, narrow tin can of a space.  Large plasmas adorn the walls with a mix of local news and sports.  To be able to sit for breakfast without a wait on Sunday was a real treat, and I had high hopes at this point.Service is mostly there, if not with a dash of attitude diners up north are known for.  Heaven help you if you are indecisive or ask for explanation of any menu item- our server at least acted like such a question would be heresy.  We both had breakfast and this is where things start to go downhill.  We both has eggs over medium that were more like over easy- too runny and loose for my taste.  We also ordered a few sides like mac and cheese.  These were small and not hot- like they had been made much earlier and didn't even make it under a warmer light for long enough.  The real issue, though, was with the kitchen and the other diners' entrees.  There was an air of unease amongst the other tables around us as people waited for food and then sent back orders that were under-prepared.  Servers seemed upset, themselves, but did little to put the guests at ease.  This place is new, so I get the sense the kitchen needs some seasoning working at this pace and then the staff needs to work out the timing.  All told, this likely fine for late night dining you are not likely to find elsewhere in the uptown area.  But, for a quality meal where time is not of the essence, I'd currently look elsewhere.
3	Okay so maybe I did dance with one of the waitresses next to the jukebox. Don't judge me! Heh, the staff is friendly and the jukebox jams will cheer up any unhappy camper. I applaud them for that and keeping their cool when dealing with these obnoxious, immature ruffians at all waking hours from all corners and crevices in which they crawled from (I plead the fifth!).Nothing glamorous, just your average diner with average food. But, with it being one of the few spots in the QC open 24 hours, how can you go wrong? Automatic bonus points for that and more bonus points for them serving fried chicken and mac 'n cheese alllllll damn day! Can I get an Amen?!
2	Appeal:Open 24/7Walkable distance from workFriendly staffI know, there should be more than that on the appeals side, since this is a place that serves food. I've been here on two occasions: one was a pickup for lunch, and the other was a going out to lunch. Both times, the prices were reasonable, and the staff was friendly and attentive. Food... not so impressive.For my to-go order, I got a BLT with fries. I like a lot of veggies on my sandwiches more than the average person, but there were huge hunks of shredded lettuce on this sandwich. I had to take half of it off. There was barely any mayo, and what there was of it was scraped thinly across very, very dry wheat bread. Nor was it cut, which might seem like a moot point, but this thing was stuffed to the gills with lettuce, and would have been easier to eat. The fries were average.My dining-in order was when I went with some co-workers for lunch. I decided to go with the Greek salad. I know, not your typical diner choice, but if you're going to put something on a menu, make sure you can make it well. The salad was so soaked with dressing that towards the end I couldn't even finish it because everything was so saturated. Mostly lettuce and black olives (which are not good on a Greek salad, though they might someday find that Greek olives are), and a small smattering of bland feta. The high point was that it was served with some kind of weird sugary bread with cheese melted on it that was actually very tasty, but sadly, the best part of the meal.My co-workers almost all go burgers, saying that they were excited to try the diner's hand-cut french fries. When I had had the fries with my BLT, they had just tasted like regular fries, nothing crazy special. All of their burgers are cooked to medium-well, so I'm assuming that they come frozen. Another collegue got the fried fish lunch, but didn't feel well after.Most hilarious of all was the drink situation. It didn't really effect me since I got water, but everyone else except one person got sodas. First and up to the third time around, they were still all flat. Each time they brought new drinks, they said that the Co2 had been fixed, but it ended up never being fixed and they all ended up getting sweet teas instead. All in all... definitely have had better at diners elsewhere. No doubt people will want to go back for lunch again and I'll trudge along, so keep posted for a hopefully more positive review next time around. On a saving note, everyone that I've talked to says that they have really good breakfast food. Maybe I'll try that avenue next time.
2	DAMMIT. I want to like this place. Seriously, Midnight Diner, I want to like you. I want you to be my place where I go when I need to get a quick lunch, or a greasy breakfast to bring back to the office when I have a hangover. Why can't you be that diner? WHY? I'm updating my review. Unfortunately, I can't add any more stars to it because, well, it was really a two star experience. I had previously only had lunch at this place, and if you've noticed my other review, obviously wasn't impressed. Everyone kept telling me that for a good experience, I needed to get their breakfast food. I didn't really know when that opportunity was going to happen, since I'm not a huge breakfast food fan, and I only work near here, not live near here. Then - BOOM. Heavy night of happy hour Thirsty Thursday-style, and this morning I was feeling the need for greasy breakfast. My head was saying, "Diner, this is your chance." I ordered to go: biscuit with sausage gravy, an egg over easy, side of bacon, hash browns. Picked up my order with good timing, and as always, the staff was friendly, attentive, and awesome. Never have any complaints on my end about that. I like the people, which makes this even worse.The worst part was the bacon. This sentence carries a lot of weight, because usually in my life I'm more prone to saying, "The best part was the bacon," and I'm talking in reference to anything. I have never not finished bacon until this moment. You could tell that underneath the overcooked, dried, burntish bits that it was good, thick, applewood smoked bacon that would have been INCREDIBLE if it had just been cooked right! I had to stop eating it not because of the taste, but because my jaw hurt from trying to chew it. Eggs had no salt on them. I asked for over easy, but there was that transparent rawness to them that suggested more sunny side up. The hash browns were also flavorless. No seasoning/salt/pepper/nothing. Also, kind of soggy instead of crispy. I put some of the sausage gravy on them to make them a little more appealing. Saving grace: biscuit and sausage gravy. I uh, didn't actually get around to eating them yet, but from the looks of it that scratch-made biscuit is going to be tasty, and from what I tasted of the sausage gravy, it's the best I've tried yet. Then again, this is my first restaurant sausage gravy. I'll iterate from before: I hope that if I have to go to this place again, I'll be able to return with a more positive review. Still waiting for that good food experience.
4	I'm a bit surprised by the bad reviews. I've been here 3 times since it opened in September, and I've been very pleased with the food and the service. After all, it's a diner, and if a diner can fix a grilled cheese sandwich the way it's supposed to be made, then it gets good marks in my book. The fried chicken is ridiculously good, and I have a hunch they might be getting the fried chicken from Price's Chicken Coop! Okay, maybe not, but it's just as good.I'm sure this place will get better with time. I like it, so that should count for something, no?
5	We visited the Midnight Diner last week for the first time.  We went around 10 a.m. for breakfast on Black Friday.  I was first impressed by the size of the diner.  I had pictured something smaller (and based on my visit to Mattie's Diner).  I found Midnight Diner to be very clean, shiny, and spacious.  It's an extra-large retro chrome diner.  I easily found (free!) parking at this near-Uptown restaurant, and we were readily accommodated with a booth, despite the diner being somewhat crowded.   Our server was very friendly, enthusiastic, and kept refilling my cup with piping hot coffee.  The menu is pretty extensive, has all of your diner favorites, and offers awesome prices.  I ordered the Corned Beef Hash Slam - corned beef hash with two eggs, and toast.  It was just the right amount of food and prepared perfectly.  Midnight Diner is someplace you can go for breakfast/brunch any day of the week.  It's also a great place to bring out-of-town guests for breakfast, as it provides a "fun" atmosphere.  I'm looking forward to going back for more breakfasts and a chance to experience dinner sometime, too!
3	Let's just say I waited a few months to let Midnight Diner work out the supposed kinks I've been reading about, because I had a pretty tasty dining experience here! If I could give half stars, Midnight would earn a 3.5 overall. The place: 24/7 diner that's quite snazzy looking. It's a really modern take on a vintage diner, if that makes any sense at all. The scene: 8:30 am breakfast with a buddy on a chilly Thursday morningThe staff: Really, really friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. Lisa, our server, was really laid back and offered some great menu suggestions - even noting that certain items were best for a hangover. That's important knowledge, folks. The food: I went with a veggie egg white omelet, side of wheat toast and they let me sub fruit for grits. My buddy and I also shared a side of turkey sausage, too. My omelet was of average size (not behemoth) and stuffed with veggies and melty cheese...just what I was looking for. The toast was, er, toast! The fruit was fine but I'm not sure how fresh it really was...almost tasted like it had been refrigerated for some time. No worries though. The turkey sausage patties were flavorful and a nice accompaniment to my eggies. The price: A touch more expensive than I expected, but then again each order comes with quite a bit of food. I believe my omelet was in the $7-$8 range but it comes with a side of grits or hashbrowns and toast. Carby carby! I will note that the turkey sausage was $2 for two small patties...a wee bit pricey but tasty nonetheless. So, overall the food was good - a solid choice for a low key meal. I'm sure I'll be back to Midnight Diner as it's really, really close to my house and one of the few spots open all hours of the week. However, I do enjoy another local diner quite a bit more due to the freshness and overall vibe of that place.
4	Great breakfast at reasonable prices and super friendly service. Worth the wait in case there a line when you get there
4	Walked down to the Midnight Diner on a frigid night in Charlotte... was warmly greeted and seated instantly... service was friendly. Food was good diner fare and the milkshake was above average!Highly recommended for 24x7 food, and its only just outside the main downtown area!
3	The Midnight Diner is a decent place to go for traditional diner food.  I ordered the eggwhite veggie omelette.  While they gave me cheddar cheese instead of the Swiss that I asked for, I still ate it up.  Hashbrowns a bit on the soggy side, and toast is toast.  My companions each enjoyed fresh fried chicken with macaroni and cheese.  They raved about this, and took their leftover mac to-go.  I did not leave disappointed or hungry, but not sure that I'd return unless it were in fact, midnight (or later for that matter).
3	Very excited to go to Midnight Diner for lunch today for a couple of reasons...1. ) wanted to see if this dining car had been built by my family (back in the day..Fordero Dining Car Company from New Jersey)..unfortunately it is wasn't, but it is a good looking dining car but missing the touches that I am familiar with.  2.) miss going to a New Jersey diner so wanted to see how it stacked up (can't stack up to a NJ diner experience..so put that thought out of your head)..3.) the food - and that is really what the 3 stars are for..We got there about 12:30pm and was excited to see Hamburger Slider Combo for $5.95 - that is what my husband ordered.  My English teacher mom would be very upset that we didn't notice it said "slider" and not "silderS"..So, when the very small SINGLE slider showed up at the table my husband was not so pleased.  Not only was it a single slider it was a very thin slider..(think the waitress would have mentioned this fact since it was a male ordering the slider..she could have saved the meal by suggesting that if he was hungry he should opt for the full size burger). Slider was good but portion was not ample.I must have lost my NJ mind at the front door because I ordered the shrimp and grits with Creole Sauce Special for $5.95. I forgot I was looking for the NJ experience because no diner in NJ has Shrimp and Grits on the menu..But I always order Shrimp and Grits if it's on the menu..that's just my thing..The grits and Creole Sauce were very good - maybe a little too soupy.  The shrimp were small, but what do you expect for $5.95.  But there were ample shrimp.  I might have felt better about the dish if there were about 5 larger prawns - but then I realize the price would have been more.We will go back because the philly cheesesteak wrap (there are none of those in NJ diners either) and the regular size hamburgers looked good.  The free parking is a definite plus. The menu has different items - there is something there for everyone.
5	We had another fantastic experience at Midnight Diner; this time for lunch instead of breakfast.  First, being close to Uptown, let me say that I'm SO glad they have very close parking for customers.  Our server, Rachael, was fantastic.  She's what every server should aspire to.  She was friendly, perky, attentive, and genuine.  I hope she never loses that optimism.  One of the lunch specials was Shrimp and Grits with a creamy Cajun sauce.  Rachael recommended it, but my partner was already contemplating it.  That sealed the deal.  He ordered that and I went with the Black & Blue Burger.  I tasted the Shrimp and Grits.  It was SO delicious and full of flavor.  The creamy Cajun sauce was a great addition.  I should have ordered it.  The Black and Blue Burger was just okay.  Maybe it needed more seasoning and blue cheese dressing in addition to the chunks of blue cheese.  Of course, being a bit redder/pinker inside would have been nice, too.  Unfortunately, you can't get that in NC (Boo!).  The fries accompanying it (with a side of ranch that I requested) were delicious, though.  And you can't beat the prices or clean, shiny atmosphere at Midnight Diner.  They're two for two in my book!
5	I don't know what everyone's problem is, besides being spoiled rotten. This place is awesome. Planned to go there with friends after going out, but at the last minute they decided to go home, so I flew solo. 2 am on a Friday night and I got seated immediately. (I sat at the bar since it was just me.) A woman who I think was the manager greeted me since my server was busy and got me a cup of coffee, and a few minute later came back to take my order. My server checked in with me to make sure my order was right and asked me if I needed anything. I got a chicken biscuit, side of bacon, and cup of decaf. Grand total: $7.41. My food was out in, I kid you not, less than 2 minutes. One more staff member besides the manager and my server checked in with me to see if I needed anything. I asked for my check, and my server had it ready to go in his pocket immediately, and took my card immediately. I was in, fed, paid, and back at my house in less than 40 minutes. Is their food the best I've ever tasted? No. I think Bojangles makes a better biscuit than the one I had. But guess what. IT'S A FREAKING DINER. They were open at 2 am when Bojangles is not. No one claimed this was fine dining. I was attended to, well-fed, and not overcharged, and for a diner, I say that is a fantastic experience. If you're looking for more than good cheap food in a hurry, go to McCormick & Schmick and stop complaining, snobs.
4	Was impressed with my first visit here.  Everything is super shiny and didn't have to wait too long for a table, but I can see this place being packed on the weekends.  We came here after a party at a bar on a Thursday night so we were definitely starving.The wait staff was nice and seated us right away.  Ordered and the food came out.....  typical diner food - nothing too too special that caught my eye, but good late night food at that.  Add to the fact that I LOVE LOVE breakfast... this place is golden for me.  I can eat breakfast any time of day now with just a visit here.
4	So on a whim I went to Midnight Diner again since a friend was in town for the Holidays and we needed a bit of catching up. It was 10pm I was starving and am also dog-sitting so I didnt want to venture too far from home- off to the diner we went.Our service was great- both friendly and prompt. I ordered the Shrimp Platter $11.99 - a little pricey in my opinion but it came with fries, shrimp, and slaw.Wow the shrimp was awesome- 5 stars for those! They were much bigger than I expected (sometimes you get the tiny ones at diners) and they were cooked just right.The coleslaw was very fresh and homemade. They did not appear to use a mix so I really enjoyed that as well. The fries were nothing amazing- but they weren't bad. They were standard- served hot- they are not super salty which is good and they had malt vinegar to put on them : ). They didnt give you a ton but they were heavy on the shrimp portion so I couldn't complain. Overall I was really impressed - 4 1/2.  I think the price is the only reason for a non 5 star rating being that a diner is usually a bit cheaper but overall I would absolutely get them again! They seem to be getting their act together in terms of actual quality of food- and that it something I can certainly appreciate.
4	Nice spot amongst the South End haunts that occupy the area. It's wanna-be retro, but that works for me!!! I went on a Monday during lunchtime, and it wasn't bursting at the seams busy like many places South End, so I was happy because a a less busy place usually also means better service. My waiter was a bit off putting, but the food came out soon and this is a diner, not Morton's so it's okay. I ordered the handspun Strawberry milkshake which was delian! It tasted like it had real strawberries in it and the ice cream was thick and wonderful, as I could barely put my straw in the shake because it was so thick! Major kudos for that!!!!I decided on the classic chicken and waffles....which were good but nothing spectacular....the dish definitely met "diner" sized expectations. The wings were crispy and hot just like I like 'em. The waffles here are thin, not Belgian style, but I actually felt that complimented the wings so that it didn't become a gluttonous meal...The place was very "Americana", and looked like a regular recreated retro restaurant with Elvis posters everywhere.The only negative is the parking, I wasn't there during a busy time and even then their tiny parking lot was full, so nighttime parking may be a hassle for those not arriving via light rail.Go to Midnight Diner!
5	great kind service and atmosphere. awesome chicken sliders and an even better strawberry milkshake. yummy meal for only $7-$8. i'm so glad its so close!
2	I really really wanted this to be great. It was not. The good: - Cool place, great look, wonderful authentic feel - The story of the diner presented in the vestibule, very cool - The location is awesome, and it has parking - French fries are thick steak fries and tasted great The Bad: Everything else. - Service started with "I just got triple sat so I'll do what I can" and went down hill from there to "this is why I hate when they run my food for me". - mac and cheese is baked style with congealed cheese. Probably good when first made but not when served. Ate like leftovers from church picnic - Philly Cheese steak had hard bread, very greasy, wrapped in paper then cut and served. You are forced to remove this very sloppy paper in order to eat - "Smothered" hash browns are hash browns with 2 slices of American Cheese put on plate and stuck in melter, the meal served on same blazing hot plate. The worst hash brown I have ever experienced - Chili on Chili Dog very chili powder tasting with no other balancing flavors - Burger comes in same wrapped paper. Not as sloppy as cheese steak, but still not a fun way to eat a burger I will try this again only because I love diners and really want this place to be what it can be. We need a good diner in Charlotte. As of right now, we still don't have one. Maybe tomorrow.
5	Yet another great visit to the diner. Went last night around 4 am- place was packed. My server didn't greet me for a few minutes, another staff member had to notify her, but upon looking around, I saw why- she was taking care of 3 full tables way at the other end of the restaurant. Let's take a brief moment to discuss a couple of food service basics. I notice these automatically because I work in food service, but others may not. It is the management's job to ensure that each server has the correct number of tables to handle at a time, and that those tables are spaced out a reasonable distance. In my opinion, having a server wait 3 loaded tables at one end of the restaurant plus stools in the bar at the other end is a bad management decision. So when I say that my server couldn't get to me, I say this knowing that it was not her fault. The manager should have taken notice of this and reassigned her section.Just a habit to get into when you visit a restaurant- any restaurant-  when you first sit down, take note of how many other tables your server visits, where those tables are located in relation to yours, and how those tables are spaced out. (i.e., did you all get your entrees at the same time? Then you probably all ordered them at the same time, and the kitchen had to cook them all at the same time.) Then, judge the service accordingly once you have those answers. To whoever commented that they thought they had bad service because their server was triple sat- get a job waiting tables, become triple sat, and then complain. And please, speak to a manager if you have a problem, don't just automatically deduct it from your server's tip. Sure, if you see them standing in a corner doing nothing and you need a drink refill, there might be a problem, but more than likely it's because of something I mentioned above. Ok, end soapbox. I got the Midnight Burger, which is a hell of a deal. Their online menu is a little outdated, it seems, but a plain burger, served with fries, is $5.75. A Midnight burger, which comes with lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, and served with fries, is also $5.75. What is your problem if you did not order this burger? I want another one right now. I didn't get it with cheese and I should have, but it was perfect the way it was. The fries were good too, and there were so many I couldn't finish them. So, bottom line is guys, it's a diner. This is exactly what I was expecting it to be, and it's exactly what I got. If you're expecting to be blown out of your chair with 5-star quality, go find somewhere else to eat at 4 in the morning.
2	Been here about 6 times for breakfast, lunch and dinner. It's really uneven in terms of both food and service. Our first time, for a late lunch, food and service were both solid. After that, not so much.Prices are good. Breakfasts are large. The sliders come with mayonnaise on them which I despise, so that kinda ruined one of the lunches. Had a spaghetti with meat sauce as a special last week that was truly bland and soggy -- and the most expensive item on the special menu. Also had the smallest Texas toast I'd ever seen. Was there a few days ago on a sort of busy day and the staff were absolutely in the weeds. Couldn't even point people to empty, clean tables. We waited ages, with our small child getting increasingly unruly, before my husband just finally took a seat. They seemed annoyed by that and took forever to bring set-ups, water etc. I'd hate to see them when they were really full. As we left there was a line out the door and quite a few empty tables; the staff just never found their rhythm.The place is clean and there is a good jukebox. At times the music can be too loud, but it's fun. I like this place and will probably return for staples like breakfast or a burger, but will stay away from their specials. I'll keep looking for the diner experience I know that's done better in other parts of the country.
3	After an early morning watching EPL at or favorite bar my girlfriend and I were looking for a late breakfast.  As we were near Uptown we though we'd give Midnight a second try, first for breakfast.We were seated fairly quickly considering how busy things looked but it took quite a while for someone to come over to the table, perhaps 5-8 minutes.  After ordering a fairly basic breakfast it took what fellt like 15 minutes for out food to come out.  While our waitress was thoroughly apologetic for both waits she said it was because they were so busy.  I appreciate the effort but for a diner noon on a Saturday is prime time.  They might as well be short staffed at midnight on a Friday or Saturday.Food was pretty good, but the burger I had on the previous visit brings down their average here.  Thin, dry and seemingly mostly made of filler and not hamburger.Overall not a bad experience either time but nothing to keep me coming back either, there are better diner options in town if you're willing to make a small effort.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place, but I continue to eat here often due to its proximity to my house (right across the street). There are certain things that they do very well, Chicken and Waffles, Shrimp and Grits, and breakfast. These are the only things that I have had here and they have all been exceptional (expect one time, see below)You know whats coming now. Sometimes the service is spotty. Everyone is always very nice, but they seem weeded all the time! I once was sitting at the bar and stared at my food in the window for like 10 mins. When I eventually asked the manager to pass it over, it was mostly cold. That aside, I think that the Diner filled a much needed void in downtown Charlotte and I will continue to be a cautious customer.
4	I just ate at this place last Saturday while looking for a good brunch spot.  The options were many and everyone in my group chose the chicken and waffles.  They were very good, especially for the price.  Not as good as Roscoe's or Gladys Knight's, but a good backup in the Charlotte area.  Will definitely come back and am really excited about the late night hours.  This will be a new spot after the club!
3	Perfect late night spot for some drunk eats!  LOVE the decor and the retro feeling of the place.  When I went my friend and I got a booth, the juke box wasnt too loud and the service was pretty fast.  Awesome people watching, all mix of people at 3am.  I had the BLT and it was good, the prices arent outrageous.  I will definitely be back!  :-D
1	After giving it more shots than it deserved, I'm never going back.Food: unpredictable, but overall badAtmosphere: cute decor, poison airService: spotty, either decent or never againI wanted to like this place so much. I drove past it every day as it was being built and was intrigued by the large, shiny box. Once it opened, I was extremely excited to give it a try. I mean, it was built to be a diner. It had to be good. Alas, I went a dozen+ times thinking that I had had bad experiences because it just needed time to settle. After all, it's new, it probably has to work out the kinks. I've finally decided that's not true. We had one waitress who was amazing. A mature lady with witty humor, people skills, and a peppy attitude.The best kind of server you never find. However, most of the servers are below average and a select few are the worst I've had. Ever. Now, what can save a place with terrible service? Amazing eats. No such thing here. The breakfast choices are okay. Lunch is okay. Dinner is okay. The food is not horrible but it certainly isn't great. Nothing tastes fresh. It all just tastes okay. And okay food does not make up for service this terrible. If you sit within hearing distance of the kitchen or bar, you'll hear servers yelling or making nasty remarks and their hatred for each other fills the air with tension.  Overall, I'm not willing to endure a hostile environment, terrible service, and sub-par food for cheap prices and a convenient location. I'll go to Mattie's Diner for great food, great service, and a pleasant environment and sacrifice my driving minutes instead.
3	Wow!  It's been a while since I've written anything, and why not start back up with the diner across the street from my apartment.  Since leaving Boston in September I've been trying all sorts of new places in Charlotte and this came to mind first.It's an old style silver on the outside huge booths on the inside kind of place.  It is good for two things - hungover breakfast and I just left the bar and I'm starving! kind of meals.   For breakfast I always get the omelette with avocado and cheddar and hash browns.  My husband always gets grits which I think are gross but he loves them so they must be good.  I've also had the fried chicken and a burger there.  The fried chicken is good and the burger is just ok.  The service is great and everyone is so nice.  The sweet tea (which I've become an expert at since being here) is too sweet, you gotta cut it with water or you'll go into sugar shock.All in all not a place to check out, especially when it's only a 2 minute walk from your apartment -  kids in Camden South End...this means you!
3	Well, it's no WaHo, but as everyone here seems to reiterate, it IS right down the street...With some friends in town this weekend, after a night of carousing, we were looking for a basic breakfast place and decided to walk down to Midnight Diner to check out the fare.  I have to say, I'm not as impressed/delighted with old-timey-style diners as maybe I'm supposed to be... they always seem a little too affected for my taste.  The good thing is that because of the family clientele Midnight Diner seems to attract (at least on a Sunday morning), it seemed like a relatively clean place; the bad thing is that it's kind of sterile.That said, the breakfast food was good - standard breakfast food, but they didn't eff anything up.  The portions were gigantic and left us all feeling like little round butterballs that had to be rolled home through Southend.My biggest contention?  Price.  This may look like an old school, old-timey diner from the outside, but when you look at their breakfast prices, you realize it's just another "Uptown" Charlotte, Super Charlotte People flytrap.  $9 for a basic breakfast combo?  Well, OK.  To each her own.
4	Fabulous diner that doesn't disappoint.  My brother enjoyed his midnight special dinner and a strawberry milkshake.  My GF really liked her slider which was the perfect size for her appetite.  My country fried steak was OK, but actually it was no where near as good as I had expected and hoped for, especially for the price ($9.99).  The beef was a bit tough and the breading wasn't crispy.  The gravy was ok, but usually is really salty and has a bit of kick to it as a result.  Despite my let down, everyone else's food was great and our server was really nice and attentive.  They also serve alcohol and was a steal at $2/beer or $1.50 for Sam Adams.  We didn't imbibe any, but it was nice to know the bargain was there.  This is a great place to hit up after going out in uptown.  The last time we went to a dump formally known as Waffle House on N. Tryon St. so this was a great experience.
2	Generally, since we only had dessert, I wouldn't review Midnight Diner until I went back for a full meal. The thing is I don't see that happening.  While the decor is completely charming (a clean, bright rendition of the classic diner vibe), the hours are where it's at (all of them), and the cake that I tasted (a bite of chocolate and many bites of carrot) was rich and delicious the overall experience was soured by the service.Our waiter hovered over our booth (his only table at the post-midnight time) and kept asking if we were ready to order even though he was literally watching us still discuss what to split. Only once we decided on the brownie sundae, which he had suggested, did he tell us they were out of some of the ingredients. Maybe it's because I really hate feeling rushed or doing things twice, but by the time I ate fraction of my huge piece of cake I really had no desire to return. The food may be good, but there are other places to get good diner food in the wee hours in CLT.
5	I'm not sure what the expectations are of the other reviewers, but it's a diner, for goodness sake! It's open 24/7 and it serves up some of the best breakfast I've ever had. I selected the breakfast that comes with two eggs any style, choice of meat (I had bacon), creamy grits, and two pancakes, except I opted to switch out the pancakes for a biscuit, and added on sausage gravy. Wow. When the menu says creamy grits, it's true! They are rich and creamy, perfect for a Southern gal like me! The sausage gravy was some of the best I've ever had. The service was just right, not too much, not too little. I would definitely return. On a side note, I saw a guy there eating breakfast.  He had scrambled eggs covered in ketchup (LOL) and was drinking a Sam Adams! That's the beauty of a diner: you can have whatever you want, whenever you want (as long as local law allows)!
5	Why just Midnight?  It should be named Anytime Diner.  Really great spot for grub.  I love the service here and the BLT....mmm.....bacon....:)  My girlfriend and I frequent this place often and yes most of the time it's around or after midnight.  I always have a blast with the waitstaff and they are really friendly, really quick and attentive.  In my opinion this place can be likened to a cleaned up version of a Waffle House or Denny's.  Only difference is they don't yell the order.....DARN :(
3	Stopped in here late night with some friends.  We all had breakfast and there were no complaints.  The food is a tad bit pricey for what you get.  We all had huge plates with a little food in the middle :).  Our waitress was very friendly and they offer alcohol.  I'm sure I'll end up here again at some point but I honestly prefer the Waffle House over the diner for breakfast food.
5	Fish San was really good. Mac n cheese just like moms.
3	My first visit to Midnight Diner was during Speedweek and the food was great, fast service, even in a packed house. But the second time was a dull Wednesday evening with hardly anyone around, and service was sloooow.We were a bit early for a show at the Tremont and thought we'd grab a nearby bite at Midnight. There were only 2 other parties in the house, and we ordered 2 burgers and a plate of fries--and it took 20 minutes to come out. Seriously? Diner time is like dog years; 20 minutes equals an hour and a half! Especially for a couple of BURGERS. Speaking of which, they were nicely topped (I got the Cali burger with avocado and added a side of jalapenos), but the meat wasn't seasoned and they were a little bland. Not worth missing Das EFX's opening song.
4	Hmmm, finally went to Midnight Diner.  We had breakfast for lunch.  The service was excellent and the food even better.  A big plate of home fries, eggs, bacon, and two great big flapjacks!  I am glad I was sharing.  The ambiance is pretty nice with the colorful and there was a nice crowd in the diner at around 1:30 pm.  All of the plates I saw coming out were piled high - good to know if you're hungry.  However, as with all diners in this area, the menus are not as varied as they are in the North but this one is definitely worth a trip to receive the Northern diner feel.
5	IT DOESNT GET ANY BETTER WHEN IT COMES OT LATE NIGHT DINING!!  You MUST request Doug or Maria as your waiter THEY ARE AMAZING!!  You will get the best service from them.  The food what cna I say..  It the BEST!!  I personally order the Quarter Dark chicken with Mac and Cheese, with Green beans and A Waffle.  They are famous for there fried chicken here.  There burgers are great, The chili cheese fries are to die for here.  Healthy portions and you defitnely get your moneys worth here.  The is a great place ot sober up have a fun meal with your late night friends and people watch!!  You will see people walk thru that door of ALL SHAPES AND SIZE!!  :)
5	I have been here roughly half a dozen times and my experiences have been consistently good.  I have had everything from eggs and grits to hamburgers and apple pie and it is all delicious.  You just can't go wrong here.Aside from the food, I love the fact that this is a 50's throwback diner.  You would think it has been around for years but in fact it is pretty new.  Despite it being a fairly recent addition to Charlotte, this diner has character that usually comes with age and lends itself as a great haunt for all times of day and night.A quick tip: Saturday and Sunday get very busy so either be prepared to wait or time your arrival (especially on Sunday - be mindful as to when church services get out).
1	Went here for the first time today and wasn't impressed. Based solely on what my wife and I had I have a hard time believing some of the stuff on the menu. The challah bread in my French toast seemed homemade but, the syrup absolutely was not real maple syrup. For what were supposed to be never frozen hand breaded chicken tenders on my wife's salad they did a remarkable job of looking and tasting like something frozen from Sysco.The A/C seemed like it was being piped in from the 7th circle of hell, the waitress didn't know the menu, didn't seem concerned that my wife only ate 3 bites of her food and instead of asking if something was wrong just offered a box, etc... The decor is cool but that's about the only positive thing I can say. We won't be going back.
3	Something about this place that just kind of sneaks up on you unexpectedly when you first come upon it. I've always been sort of a night owl roaming around Uptown in search of social events to keep myself entertained and I spot this retro looking dinner that apparently is 24/7 which is terrific because I can't think of a better area in town that could benefit from a restaurant like that (There was an older one back in the day near the CPCC central campus but it had to close due to that school's vast expansion) The appeal of the place was too enticing and I was due for a meal anyhow so I popped in to give them a try. It's not a huge place but sizeable enough to handle the type of steady traffic they would generate. The nostalgic feel is replicated on the inside as good as it's exterior. The menu offers a nice variety of what you what expect from an all hours place with enough breakfast & dinner choices to suit all tastes. They on the menu some different shakes & deserts that looking promising although I haven't gotten around to trying them yet. They also have some beer\wine choices and they are willing to make you a mixed drink but they don't really advertise any particular kinds so it could be sort of hit or miss depending on what they have on hand. The food quality in very solid, won't blow you away but never anything that would keep you from coming back for more.  All in all, a nice diversion from the chain restaurants in the world  that is well worth a visit if you need a good meal in the uptown\south end area!
4	When restaurants and stores put out banners that say "Best (fill in the blank) I am usually disappointed when I try it. Well, let me tell you I was not disappointed at this place who boasts the best chicken and waffles--I haven't had chicken and waffles (together) anywhere else in Charlotte but I have had chicken and I have had waffles in Charlotte and let me tell you I haven't found any that are better than Midnight Diner. Maybe it's the combination but its freakin' delicious. One of my friends got the same and a side of mac and cheese (gooey cheesiness, could use a little more flavor though) and she loved hers too! We were in C&W heaven. Our waitress was supernice, checked on us regularly and told us the truth when we asked questions about the menu (i.e. are the shrimp big or little in the shrimp and grits...LOL). As I looked around the diner, everyone else seemed to be enjoying their meals too. While I can't visit toooo often I know that when I do I will be in for a treat. For some reason, I don't think they have anything bad on their menu. I hope they don't prove me wrong. Oh and how great is it that they are open 24 hours--a definite need in Uptown. Yum-O.
3	Fresh off of an airplane and hungry for breakfast we headed to the Midnight Diner for sustenance. I had hoped for a biscuit with country ham but alas it was not to be found on the menu. I settled for biscuit with sausage gravy and an egg on top. Not bad. The menu has a fairly good range of selections .My companion's omelet was good. Nothing extra ordinary nothing bad.
3	Yesterday, I checked in at Midnight diner, and I am currently beginning my review as I sit at a booth in sleek, but old fashioned diner. As we entered, I was surprised at how big the place was. Everyone was extremely friendly, and we escorted directly to a booth. Despite the fact that we were we seated immediately, it took a while before someone came and took our drink orders.When our was finally taken, it seemed as if it took a while for our food to arrive.  It can be a very frustrating feeling when you arrive at a locale before others and you see them get their food, finish their meal and pay before your own food ever arrives!I was literally salivating in anticipation for our meal to arrive at our table.  Once it finally made it, my girlfriend and I immediately dug in.  My girlfriend ordered the chicken tenders w/fries and a side of collard greens.  She said the collard green were just okay... they were not seasoned with any kind of meat and were bland. She enjoyed the tenders, saying they were, "moist and tender".  I tasted the chicken tenders and can concur - they were excellent.  Some of the best tenders Ive had around Charlotte.  However, we both gave the fries a thumbs-down.  They weren't crisp or hot.  In fact they were the exact opposite - soft and room temperature. I ordered the Midnight Special with my eggs being scrambled w/cheese, bacon, hash browns "covered and smothered", and I was allowed to substitute a pecan waffle for just $.50 more.  Everything was cooked to my liking.  The hash browns were PERFECT.  I thought the eggs were a little hard.  I prefer my scrambled eggs light and fluffy. The best feature of Midnight Diner is its versatility.  You can go there early in the morning before work, for lunch, or late - after a night of carousing with friends.  In addition, they have any and everything you could possibly want to eat, and breakfast is served all day! I felt like my experience at Midnight Diner was lessened by the service, because the food was above par.  Yes, our waitress was extremely cordial, but she was anything but prompt.  I went there looking to be in-and-out quickly and was greatly disappointed. In closing, I've heard so much good stuff about this spot that I def want to go there again.  I'll just go when I've got a whole day to burn and I'll try to sit in a different section.
3	I was really hung over when I stumbled in here at 8am on a Thursday, I could have been a teensy bit inebriated still. I needed breakfast food and I needed it quickly. That is exactly what I got. I am not sure if they wanted us out of there b/c my friend was putting pancakes on his face or they are really just that fast. They also serve beer and alcohol!? I didn't need any, but it was nice to know it was there. For those days when you need a Bud and biscuits and gravy or a gin and tonic with your waffles. Either way, delicious and necessary. Can't wait to go back and really look over the menu with a clear head.
4	After leaving "Rockin' for a Cure" which was a good event, but did not have much food for vegetarians (the wife), we walked a couple of blocks over to the Midnight Diner.  The place was a lot bigger than I expected and appeared very clean with a 96 sanitation score too.  We were seated promptly and our drinks were brought quickly.  Our waitress was hyper, very hyper, but on top of things.  The food was fresh, delicious, and cheap.  I wasn't too hungry, so I got an egg biscuit and some fruit.  The wife got 2 eggs with smothered home fries , a biscuit, and something else.  I had a cup of coffee and she had water.  It cam to $12 which was very inexpensive, considering the quality of food for a place like this.  My biscuit was so fresh that it crumbled when I tried to eat it.  The eggs were cooked perfectly.  It was definitely a major step up from a Waffle House, and even an IHOP.  The crowd was eclectic with a little bit of all different types of people eating and working in there.  R&B and a little hip-hop was playing on the jukebox.  It somewhat reminded me of the diner in the original Blues Brothers movie.  And yes, they have chicken and waffles. One more bonus is that the Carson Street light rail station is very close to the diner, so it was convenient to get on the train there.  Oh, they have a FULL bar too.
3	Midnight diner kudos to you for choosing such a great location and managing to still keep prices super affordable! Being close to so many bars and clubs means they get freaking mobbed at 2-3 when everyone is drunk and hungry. They manage to turn tables pretty fast though so the wait isn't terribly long.The service on the other hand is horribly slow and inattentive. Though this may be because they are packed tighter than sardines in a can. I had to ask three times before I could get my empty water refilled, some of our orders were totally wrong, the bill was wrong as well, and we were ready to order for about 10 minutes before our waitress appeared again. The poor girl looked positively frazzled though and apologized quite a lot so I'll give her the benefit of the doubt. After reading Jane F.'s review, I suspect it's because they gave her tables on opposite sides of the restaurant. From the way she was running around I would have thought she was training for the Olympics.The food was good and cheap, and the location means I'll be joining the rest of the drunk hungry crowd many more times in the future.
4	Good fried food, beer, and liquor, plus stripers next door, if I could bring my dog along this would be a mans paradise.I've honestly only run in to stuff my face and then be on with my day here.  Chicken biscuit with a water, in and out in less than 15 mins.  Will give it a proper review in the future, because I'm sure I'll be back.
5	I went to the Midnight Diner with my boyfriend this morning for breakfast. We've past it a million times, but have never been before. We were seated immediately and had a friendly and attentive waitress.We both had chocolate milk (yummy and cold!), I had corn beef hash, scrambled eggs, and a biscuit (all delicious, especially the biscuit), my bf created his own omelette and he really enjoyed that.The food was good, the menu is huge, the prices are extremely reasonable, and the service was great. I'm happy we finally tried Midnight Diner and I will definitely be back. Next time maybe I'll try the chicken and waffles :)
2	Oh blah Midnight Diner why you gotta be like this to me? At this rate I might as well go to Waffle House.I stopped by here at 11 recently after watching a play in NoDa with my date. Since 11 was pretty early for the drunk hungry crowd we managed to get seated pretty fast and our waitress was charming if inattentive. I sadly stared at my empty water glass for half of the time I was there. So basically the same as usual. "What made you lower your rating then Jimmy?" you ask? Well my usual order is 2 eggs scrambled and tomato slices. Granted their tomato slices taste like tasteless slave tomatoes (yes that's an actual term, look it up!) but they don't exactly have many options that are friendly towards people who don't eat pork or much beef and just want a cheap quick late night munch. Well it's because when the check came and my bill was double what it usually was this time so I glanced down. Usually tomato slices are free, but apparently now they charge $2.00 for 3 all but tasteless tomato slices and this change wasn't listed anywhere on the menu? I think I might've understood like maybe 75 cents for them or something. You can go ahead and call me cheap, but I dare you to order some tomato slices when you go there and tell me they're even worth near $2.00!Yeah so as much as it pains me to choose a chain over supporting a local business I think I'd much rather just go to WaHo, or even better Mattie's(please think about staying open 24 hours on weekends Mattie!). The prices and quality of food combined with shoddy service here don't really justify the convenience to me anymore.
1	Less than a 1 - what a crappy place.  Went on Sat Nite around 2am and not enough help so I can't blame the waitress but seriously I was set at a dirty table and basically stacked the dirty dishes myslef and almost shoved them to the floor after 30 mins. Again not our waitress fault but horrible service and the food is not worth the wait .  You have been warned .
3	Came here on a saturday nght like at 3 am... Get the BUBBA... how can you go wrong with sausage gravy, biscuits, cheese scramble...service is terrible
4	When people started commenting, "you know the names and shifts of the staff?" I should have taken it as a hint that I go here too often. And yet, the hashbrowns keep me coming back for more. Oh, I've had other menu items too and have never been disappointed (the veggie burger is a favorite, and the specials are usually a good call). But dangit, when it comes down to it, I just love a good breakfast. And in a city that can get awfully caught up in frills, this place is about as frill-less as you can get. Straightforward, simple and cheap.Why four stars? The servers can sometimes get overwhelmed. Ultimately that doesn't bother me that much in a place like this, though. It's the sort of joint where imperfection just makes it more endearing.
3	We went on a week day, late afternoon. There were other folk scattered about but it wasn't halfway full. Service was pretty good.Some things I didn't like: I ordered hot tea. My cup came without a saucer and no spoon. I wasn't asked if I wanted lemon. Also, the cup was pretty thick which made it hard to sip from. I agree with the previous reviewer about the music. I heard cursing in at least one song and there was a family that had young children with them.The chicken and waffles were pretty good. We'll probably go back again.
4	Uptown Charlotte's 24 hour diner,  it's a traditional one. Right down to the chrome all over the outside. Nicely placed with a large parking lot. Very close to the stadium, so expect it to be filled with fans wearing their Black, Blue and Silver on game days. Booths and a few tables inside.Traditional diner menu with burgers and eggs and things. I did see other people with waffles and wings, but it was actually breakfast time when I was here. I chose to go with the "Uptown" which is two eggs and hash browns with a waffle. Eggs were cooked perfectly, the hash browns were both crunchy and soft. The waffle, however, was beyond desciption. Crispy on the outside, flully inside, it was still nice and hot to melt the butter and it soaked up the hot syrup. Excellent flavor.Service was great. My waitress refilled my coffee often and cleared plates as I emptied them.Free wifi, though no power outlets that I could see.
4	I went to the Midnight Dinner one night after Yoga.  I probably should have gone before.  I enjoyed the fried chicken.  I did not like the mashed potatoes or the vegetable.  They could have provided as other post mentions some lemon pepper seasoning, garlic or something to give the vegetables a nice touch.  I willl probably go again just for the chicken.
5	To start off, I absolutely love this place. I live in downtown so this is such a convenient place to grab food after working late. It's exceptional diner food! I'm wary about ordering veggie burgers, but it's actually pretty good. But what keeps me coming back are the scattered hasbrowns! With a side of toast and scrambled eggs of course, and its under $4! My only qualm is if you're getting food to go, check it first, sometimes the guys in the back don't pay as much attention to the order. If you're headed there past 11pm definitely say whats up to Maria, you can't miss her!
5	Carolina Classic Burger, oh so good after a late night of partying! Go during the week, late at night b/c it packs out really quick on the weekends after the clubs close. The food is great, menu is like upscale waffle house with a 1950's diner theme. Very clean restaurant, the clientele is varied, and the waitstaff are very good. Prices are great too!
4	Awesome breakfast spot, a must next time you are in charlotte!!
5	Best grits ever! And Mona Lisa is the vibrant singing waitress with a sense of humor sure make you laugh!
4	This is a divey diner just like my favorite places in the dirty jerz.  Great music? Check. Singing waitress who always brightens my day? Check.  Service is dependent on what time of day you are here.  At night its a zoovie, during the day after 12 it is not so bad.  Their chicken biscuit is ridiculous.  The chicken is so fluffy and tasty that I cannot resist one whenever I go.  Their other chicken will sucker punch Price's and put it in a cobra clutch.  I love the traditional breakfast menu and I am sucker for their pancakes as well.  This is definitely a great place to stop feeling hungover and start feeling fat.  Oh what a trade off!
5	Seriously amazing. Two of us went for a late breakfast on a Saturday. Attentive, cheerful waitress who helped us order in a way that would be cheaper for us. I've only been here once and only ordered 3 items so I can't vouch for consistency BUT I can say that everyone on the planet should try their fried chicken wings with the coconut French toast. WOWWWW. The French toast was not super sweet like you'd expect, so syrup on top of those with the wings was perfection. I'm a big roscoes chicken and waffles fan and was worried this wouldn't meet my expectations lol. It was different but just as good. Also I've never had such buttery home fries in my life. Everyone go here right now!!!
3	Good food, good atmosphere.                                     ...I'm particularly fond of the chicken slider.
4	This was the first place I've been to eat lunch by myself. I work right down the street and was wandering around in search of sustenance. There is sat, a shiny, aluminum, airstream-of-a-jewel off Tryon. The best Chicken & Waffles in town sign out front did a great job of affirming my longstanding craving for fried chicken. "Why not do it on a Tuesday?," I thought. Cut to the chase: Chicken, biscuit, baked mac'n cheese, broccoli $7Chicken = juicy chicken wrapped in a crispy, waffle cone jacketBiscuit = idealMac'n cheese = idealBroccoli = steamed, not buttery, Thank you My big girl pants were feeling pretty tight after this date.
3	This is a cool 24/7 restaurant with great food and an awesome look and atmosphere that will take you back to the "good ole days" the only thing that sucked was my waitress she was really crabby and not that friendly other than that it's a great place.
3	Good diner food and prices, average service, great hours.
3	As diners go, I think that this is a very serviceable and decent place to go.  I think that might seem like damning with faint praise, but I really mean it.  Actually I'd give it a 4 stars for the breakfast (ate there a year ago and really loved the MIdnight Diner special).  Had the famed chicken and waffles, and while I'd give the chicken wings a definite 4-5 stars (so flavorful, so crispy, so moist!) I thought the waffle was "meh" and the side of broccoli I got (to be healthy) was also fine--plain steamed broccoli.  And the hash browns this time around were a bit soggy (a year go they were crisp and delicious--maybe the cook was off on this round).My husband had the BLT and coffee and said it was good.  Cousin had the seasonal fruit--which was your basic melon/grapes/pineapple combo and the chicken soup (which she said was good but on the salty side).I'm willing to give them another try--maybe they'll get another star next time.
4	I can't speak to any of their food items except breakfast items, because that's all I've ever had here.  But I can say, without a doubt, that they definitely do breakfast very well.Twice now I have been to this adorable little diner; once on a weekday, once on a weekend.  The decor in here is a throwback to old diners, with checkered patterns, red and white chairs, and awesome neon lights.  They also have framed records on the wall, and much of the time play music from the 60s.  The staff is pretty friendly and helpful as well.  On my first visit here, one of the waitresses was singing and dancing along with the music.  It was awesome!  Both times, our food came pretty quickly and was nice and toasty warm.Now, onto the food, which was tasty!  They seriously have the best grits I have ever eaten.  I had The Bubba the last time, which was biscuits and gravy, grits, sausage links, and cheddar scrambled eggs.  It was fabulous; the gravy was mildly peppery and delish, a perfect topping for the biscuits.  My partner had the chicken and waffles - the chicken was so tender and juicy, I have never had a chicken wing like that.  Maybe someday I'll venture to try their dinner items, but this is definitely my new go-to place for breakfast. The construction going on there right now makes it difficult to get in and out, with parking being a bit of a pain.  Still, it's worth it to fight through the workers to go, especially considering that the construction (hopefully) won't last forever.
5	I absolutely loved it!!!! The food is great and the waitresses are so happy and friendly, they messed up my sons order and fixed it quickly and gave us free cake!! Will surely go Again!!!
4	Ah,....the Midnight Diner.  One of the only places open late all the time so that I can be a super fattie whenever I want.  Let's talk about the decor/environment first.       I've been here at all hours of the day and it's usually a standard mix of people (Obviously the Twenty-something Club crowd is here in the wee hours of the morning) and average "Diner-ish" decor.  What I mean by that is, your standard framed posters of music icons and bright red paint and shiny stainless steel.    Now the food,... it's delicious.  Their burgers are large, tasty and served with gigantic steak fries.  Their Breakfast may be the best selection that  they have.  I highly recommend "The Bubba" which is a huge plate of biscuits and gravy, 2 eggs and my choice of Hash browns and Bacon.  It's at kind of a steep price ringing in at 8 bucks but like I said, it's a huge plate of food.  Their bacon is great and while that seems as if it's not a great feat, trust me it is.  I'm kind of an aficionado.Today I had a fried chicken breast with a Belgian waffle.  Their waffle had just the right amount of vanilla extract and it challenged me to order a second one.  On the other hand, the chicken was slightly underwhelming.  The breading was just breading that lacked any great amount of flavor and while the actual meat wasn't dry per se, it wasn't exceptionally juicy.  I felt that it was just as good as any fried chicken I've made at home and I'm not a fabulous cook by any means.      The Midnight Diner gets my vote for late night feasting and you can't go wrong with the breakfast!
3	I fell in love with the food here...and was soooo disappointed this morning when me and my friend randomly decided on a 5am breakfast excursion, and they had no hot water.Per the waiter, they only had coffee and bottled water...meaning no waffle mix, grits, or a whole lot of stuff (I will assume including clean dishes and silverware? :/). Though the staff was fairly friendly about it...it did nothing for my 5am "grits fix". Definitely left a bad taste in my mouth... normally  nice spot though
2	The midnight diner is pretty much a 1am staple and always full on weekend nights. The patrons here are varied (the drunk, buzzed, almost-passed out, and people who just look like they got hungry in the middle of the night). I recommend getting filled up here if you've finished your night of partying and drinking. You'll feel much better the next morning. For the more sober customers though, the food is just okay. Servings are relatively large but I didn't care for the chicken and waffles. The chicken was decent--the classic Southern stuff. But, the waffles were sort of mushy like a defrosted eggo waffle.
2	Went there on a Sunday evening, shortly after 9pm after leaving The Liberty because their kitchen was closed (at 9pm!). I'm glad this place is open 24/7, but it either needs to have better food or be cheaper. I got an egg and cheese biscuit with a side of hashbrowns. This ended up being about $5. The biscuit tasted like it was previously frozen and had a hint of plastic. Eggs were pretty rubbery. Hashbrowns were pretty good.My husband got a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for $4.99, assuming it came with fries as the menu seemed to indicate that all the sandwiches came with fries, but alas no. It was $5 for a pb&j with no fries. Really? The service was ok. Our server just brought our food and never came back but fortunately another server did refill our drinks.
5	OK, I understand this will likely start a chicken Fatwa in the Queen City; but, I STRONGLY believe the MidNight Diner Fried Chicken FAR SURPASSES Price's.  Don't get me wrong, until recently I too was a Price's true believer. . .Midnight is betterIt's clearly brined, given a gentle salt H2O soak (and possibly buttermilk) and hand tossed.  The oil is peanut.  It's fresh and not over-used.  The crust is lightly peppery, the mashed potatoes are homemade with JUST the right amount of pleasing potato chunks and you have a choice of classic southern white gravy or brown love.  Again, dig Price's for a quick in-and-out greasy adventure.  Nirvana is achieved at Midnight.  Couple lunch with a hand made strawberry shake.  AHHHH.  My apologies to many in the Charlotte Metro Region.  Don't believe me, go there now.  Oh, that's another plus, to wit:  MidNight is open 24/7, 355 days a year.  (Closed Christmas.)No, I'm not an owner, a friend of an owner or stockholder.  Just DIG their chicken.
1	YUCK!!!!! This was my third time trying this place and they struck out!!!!  I listened to my fellow Yelper's and ordered the fried chicken YUCK!!!!!  Even the fries and the onion rings were gross!!!!  I know that some grease is to be expected but the fact that my soaked up grease instead of cooking in it!!  I had a massive amount of grease on my plate!!  I stand by them striking out!!  I will never spend money here again!!!!!!!!!!!The waitress was nice but did not seem to notice or care that I did not touch my grease nasty food!!!  (I frequently eat out at what would be considered greasy spoons so don't be fooled!!)
5	I've frequented this dive for breakfast, lunch, and , dinner! Lets get down to the point..Fried chicken, corn beef hash, hash browns, waffle, biscuit sandwich, chicken sandwichHave all been out of hand. I am now a fan of grits thanks to this place.. And what better than a beer with your chicken n waffles. Dont come here if your looking to watch your weight because you will be disappointed and come on yelp and write a bad review, ruining it for potential patrons.When you visit MD go in with an open mind and a appetite. I can then guarantee you will leave with a smile from ear to ear. Oh yea and the waiters are great!
2	This has to be one of the coolest looking places around. Mattie's is close, but the size of the Midnight Diner eclipses it. Literally. The place is huge. Unfortunately, I think they spent way too much time on the outside of the building, making it all shiny and nice, and ran out of steam everywhere else.For instance, parking kinda sucks. There is this smallish parking lot that can get full really fast, so finding a place to park is not easy. It can be done, but since it's not the greatest area, it can be a challenge. If you compare it to the expansive lots at Mattie's - a natural process - Mattie's wins this round.Once you finally make your way inside, the problem is with the service. You are typically seated quickly, and promptly forgotten about. It takes forever to get anything. If you do get someone to come by, they are nice enough, but your glasses go empty and the food takes forever to come out. Once it does, it just isn't that great.Really not worth it.
3	So I was back in Charlotte again! I'm from Charlotte, but this place is new to me, seeing I've been gone a few years. My sisters friend brought  us here during our visit... I believe it was late Friday night, right around 10:30PM. So we were there before the club/party people... however it was still full, but we were seated quickly. Our server was friendly, but my water glass stayed empty.First off... so are you saying I can get breakfast at 10:30PM?!? YES. I'm already inclined to like this place! I had the Midnight Special: Eggs, sausage, grits and pancakes. The do something different to their grits.. those things are super rich and creamy. I'm a grits fan, but I could only eat but so much of them. The pancakes were kind of thick... but they didn't get soggy as fast as IHOPs so that was a plus. Sister ordered the shrimp and grits and she LOVED it. I'm not a shrimp and grits fan, but I tasted... and tasty it was lol. And my sisters friend ordered steak with eggs and hashbrowns I believe. She said the steak was tender, but it wasn't really seasoned, so the A1 sauce was a must. She comes here often, and was raving about the chicken and waffles.... something to try next time.This place is definitely a late-night joint and would definitely hit the spot for me simply because I love breakfast at night.
5	The Bubba!!! Hand's down my favorite place to eat breakfast in the QC. Service is great fast and it's cheap!
5	Probably my favorite late night spot. The crowd is eclectic, electric, and eawsome (forced that last one). I think their fried chicken is the best in town. Better than Price's. Freal. I know controversial, what will Lenny Kravitz think?Sadly the waffles kind of suck but hey no one is perfect.Cool story bro, get ready: I was wolfing down a club sandwich (that was pretty good) and Jared Leto say me and my fervor and said "I'll have what he's having". It feels pretty good to be Jared Leto's food muse.
4	Okay, this newish diner I'm familiar with. It actually used to reside at a truck stop in  Kings Mtn where I used to live which is about 30 miles away. There are photos of the haul in the entryway. I was taken a back when I saw it nestled just outside of uptown Charlotte! What a great decision.  Apparently a great spot for post-bar hopping. As with any diner, you have the old fashioned decor and jukebox in the corner. The food is good, not great. The staff is good, not great. But it is usually a mad house when I frequent at 3am. There is usually a line at the front as any local will tell you. When you're tired and wore out from dancing your ass off at the bar, you come here for replenishment and good conversation. Then to bed you go ;)
5	A few weeks ago had lunch with my sis and niece at Midnight Diner.  Was fabulous!  Loved the atmosphere and the food.  The dessert was yum, yum, yum and the grilled chicken sandwich was delicious.  Anxiously awaiting another visit.
3	My sister and I had the pleasure of having a late breakfast today at the Midnight Diner. This was my first visit but it was sister's fourth visit. The food was incredible!!!! I had the "Bubba" and it was delicious. As a Southern Girl, I know my grits and these were some of the creamiest grits I'd ever tasted. My sister promised me that the Midnight Diner served the best coffee in town. The coffee lived up to it's hype. It was amazing. I would have rated my visit higher but some of the staff members were absolutely RUDE-not to me but another patron. Apparently there had been some confusion with a call in order. When the patron came back due to the error, two of the waitresses, Lisa and Dana spent more time arguing with the patron than trying to rectify the issue . I found them to be abrasive and condescending.  I felt sorry for the patron and I wanted walkover and yell "just fix it". Watching the exchange was very uncomfortableand these ladies clearly need customer service training. Sometimes it's not about who's right but about just doing the right thing!
5	Five out of five stars because we had the best breakfast in Charlotte!  We had great service from Parry but, the whole staff was so happy!  Great great!
5	This place is awesome. They're open late, the service is good, the food is incredible, they have it all. I had the quarter fried chicken (white) and it was great. It doesn't look like a place that would have good fried chicken, but looks are definitely deceiving sometimes. This was easily some of the best fried chicken I've had in this city. 4-Cheese Macaroni, tasty green beans, and even the french fries are good. Parking is a bit of a hassle but other than that you can't beat this joint.
5	Awesome - Go see Mona, the best waitress ever! Can'y wait to get back for some chicken and waffles!!!
3	Just take a half-step inside the shiny, chrome doors and see how Midnight Diner came to rest on Carson/Tryon. Uhhh....not so much hammer-and-nail here, but how about a nice trip down the highway on the back of a semi-truck? Sure. Rad. Pretty rad indeed. Churning out pancakes, waffles, hashbrowns, omelets, and burnt coffee like they're going out of style, Midnight Diner is a haven for late-night carbloaders from all corners of Crown Town. If you're showing up for a 5-star meal, you might want check yourself at the door. It's a diner through and through. Low ceiling, cushy booths, counter seating, jukebox, old waiters, waitresses, line cooks. Like a Norman Rockwell. Just great. You'll most likely walk out smelling like a mixture of vegetable oil and bad coffee, but sometimes pancakes are the only thing that will satiate an all-night rage before you hit the sack. I'm especially fond of the hashbrowns that come "smothered, scattered, and chunked." Cheese, onions, and ham. Also, biscuits and gravy in this joint are spot on. Glad that Midnight Diner is around and keeping Charlotte's nightlife well-fed with good ol' "brinner."
4	The atmosphere is great, I love the location. As soon as you walk in, it feels like you've stepped into an old movie. The music is pretty loud, and the wait staff are singing along (which annoyed my friend a little). Its an extremely comfortable place to be. The food is really good, I had the shrimp and grits (something i have to try if its on any menu), i also tried the collards which were really good but spicy.  It was in a creole sauce and it was so rich and creamy. The amount of heat in the creole sauce was medium, not as spicy as the collards. If i stayed in Charlotte this would definitely be a place i would visit once a week.
5	The go-to spot for late night dining! They have everything you need. (Including a little bar lol) They have everything you would expect to find in a diner, but better! The fried chicken...gives the Chicken Coop a run for their money. Anyone from Charlotte (and transports) knows what that means. Well worth the 18 minute wait. I'm still trying to figure out what's in those darn grits!!!!!! They are so creamy. The food is simple and delicious. If there's any kind of event going on in Charlotte *cough cough...CIAA*, expect a long wait to get in the door! You won't be disappointed.SN: They also have a little food cart behind the Uptown Cabaret!
5	Forget the chicken and waffles..and go chicken and french toast. You can thank me later.
5	Great service and atmosphere make the delicious and affordable food taste even better. :)
4	Holy French Toast Batman. I took a friend here Saturday for breakfast as he had never been. Silly boy didn't realize what he had been missing out on. Though the line was out both doors we were still seated within about 10 mins. I like that. Our server, like always, was great with a good personality. I ordered the French Toast and it was thick with lots of flavor. The bacon was also think and not too crispy, but just perfect. The boy got biscuit and gravy which were to die for. The biscuit was super fluffy and delish! I keep telling myself I am going to try the chicken and waffles....perhaps next time!
3	Overall, the food and service were a-ok, but nothing about this visit blew me away.  As other reviewers have mentioned, parking is sparse, especially when you are there at lunchtime on a weekday.  Since I was by myself, I just sat at the counter.  The place was pretty busy and it took awhile before anyone came to take my drink order so I already knew what I wanted to order when my server finally did stop by. I figured since I was at a diner, I couldn't go wrong with ordering breakfast.  I went with black coffee and the San Bernardino Omelet. The coffee was pretty good and did not taste burnt.  The omelet was made with diced chicken, cheddar cheese, avocado, and pico de gallo.  I went with hash browns as my side and whole wheat toast.  Overall, the omelet was not bad, but I did not care for the pico de gallo - it had too much harsh onion flavor for my taste. I pushed it to the side but unfortunately, it left an aftertaste of onion on part of my omelet. The hash browns were "meh"... a little bland and just a touch on the greasy side. (I probably should have gone for the grits.... I saw in another review that they were creamy and tasty.)  The toast was not really toasted at all, which was not good.   (As a side note, while I was waiting for my order, I had a peek at their biscuits, and based on how yummy they looked, I should have gone with the biscuit instead!)Another thing I spied while I waited for my dish was a plate of chicken & waffles...which looked pretty good.  If I go back, I may have to give that a try.  The employees were very busy, but nice, and I think if I had gone at a less busy time, I would have gotten more attentive service.  However, the manager did come by to see how I liked my omelet, so I appreciated that. At $12.95 for a coffee & an omelet plus $3 for tip, the price was a little higher than I had expected when I walked in the door.   But, the menu is quite extensive, so if I happen to be in the neighborhood again, I would stop in to give them another try.
3	I liked the breakfast (minus the creamy grits -- next time it's hashbrowns for me) and my friend's chicken looked really good. The burger my other friend got was "ok." I might return, but not for a burger. Also, the booths are a bit "cozy."
5	yummy!awesome 1940's-50's look the food was excellent!when is it open? 24 hours a day, 365 days a year
5	One of my favorite things about Jersey are the diners. This diner was shipped on the back of a semi from Jersey to Charlotte and I am so glad it did! I visited with my husband for breakfast one cold morning and even though the line was out the door, it moved pretty quick. We got shrimp & grits, hash with ham, onions, eggs, french toast and some other stuff. The french toast was HUGE and delicious. It is a must-try. The staff is friendly and although it can be a little loud it is worth it for the delicious food. GO FOR THE FRENCH TOAST!
4	I love this place! This was my second time here once being late night like 2:30am-ish and the second on a Sunday morning for brunch! To be honest I have no memory of the first trip so this review is for the Sunday brunch which was great. It's a small dinner with booths and a "bar" I guess.. not sure what to call it. We arrived semi early for brunch so there wasn't much of a wait but by the time we left there was a line out of the door. The food was really good especially the eggs and they give good portions. The wait staff was attentive and friendly ! The best part was the music playing it was such a variety and who doesn't like to hear a little Usher "Climax" on a Sunday morning!! We were charged .50 to add cheese to the eggs... the waitress didn't mention this but I'm sure it was on the menu somewhere ... overall nice spot to pick up a quick bite to eat.
4	We love midnight diner! Great food, better service and what tops it all off in my book? It was CLEAN!
2	Not bad but not good either,
1	I will throw up in my mouth a little every time I think of the meal they tried to serve me here. This is a polished dump for late night drunks that don't know any better. If the food quality was just a little worse they could can it and put a cat on the label. I've now eaten lunch and breakfast here and to call it food that someone else has already thrown up would be too kind.
3	If you like the Waffle House, you'll love the Midnight Diner! I had some of the best fried chicken I've ever had. Simply amazing. I had chicken and waffles. I was a little disappointed in the waffles, they were a little dense. It made it seem like it wasn't cooked all the way. The fish dinner was incredible. It was light and battered just right. Now, this is a great place to people watch on a Friday or  Saturday night. I saw some very entertaining things. The 21st century iTunes Jukebox is great. They jammed some serious old school and new school music. It was a fun dining experience.
4	The best biscuit I ever had!
5	Now this is my kind of a place! Well worth the 3 block walk from the conference center to a 24/7 diner with the best grits I have ever had in my life. Stopped in for jambalaya for lunch and went back the next morning for a 5:30 breakfast called "The Bubba" - wow - large biscuit smothered with cheddar scrambled eggs then smothered with sausage gravy, three links and grits.
1	Had fun in Charlotte....great city...horrible restaurant!
4	Pretty standard, yet good food. Good service too.
5	Love that this place is open 24hrs! It's excellent cheap food and good service. The place is tight with poor parking and it always bustling but it's worth it. Their tea is awesome as well as they're fried chicken, hot dogs & sides. I've been here multiple time and have never been disappointed with either the food or the service. I will for sure keep coming back!!
5	I've passed this place more times than I would like to admit, always being curious but never having the time to go in.  Finally, after a morning work errand with one of my employees, I suggested I would treat her for breakfast at her choice of places.  She chose Midnight Diner because she said it was simply-the best for breakfast.  She was right.  We had our coffees and juices on the table minutes after we arrived and I ordered the biscuits and sausage gravy with eggs and was in biscuit and gravy heaven as I sampled my first bite.  I could understand why this place had a line at 2am for drunk people who wanted a greasy and all-amazing breakfast. I was enjoying it in an all-sober state at 9 am.  The portions were massive so I couldn't finish mine, but boy..... I was happy as a clam leaving there.  Best breakfast award goes to The midnight diner!!!!
3	Went here for an office lunch last week  on a cold rainy day and had a pretty good time. Our server was very nice and attentive. I tried an omelet with spinach, fruit and a biscuit. I was afraid of what kind of fruit I would get since I was ordering "fresh fruit" at a diner, but I was pleasantly surprised. It was very fresh chunks of pineapples, pears, and grapes! My omelet was very good. I also had a side of the mac and cheese but it was not what I was looking for. It was a little heavy for my taste. Others at the table had the fried chicken, mashed potatoes, pancakes, and one tried a burger. Everybody seemed very satisfied with their food. I would be interested to try this place again. The music took me back several years but it was fun to reminisce!
3	Good after hours spot! I usually go around 2am on the weekend after hanging out at the epicenter. The food is okay, but the people watching is hilarious. FYI, the crowd can get a little rough.
3	I haven't left a restaurant due to the service in a very long time so, it's upsetting that I had to leave this dinner because of it. I have eaten here on numerous occasions, both late night and for brunch. Though it seems the service has been put last on the list.  45+ minutes for two eggs and grits on a sunday at 2pm is inconceivable with over 10 people on wait staff, and I ended up taking my order to go which had not a single thing I ordered correct, and no utensils or napkins. I understand that this place get busy, its right off the light rail and good prices for a greasy spoon but dang, never have I waited that long
4	Great place!  Food was good, bit of a wait for a table but that just tells you how good it is!  Once my cholesterol goes back down, I'll be back for the big breakfast again!!!
4	Above-par for diner food. I'd skip the grilled cheese but the chicken soup is great.  This place never disappoints for late-late-night dining, people watching and tunes.
3	I usually get the fried chicken here, which is delicious.  It comes with a biscuit that's sadly usually old or overcooked that I end up not eating, but I don't really care 'cuz it's free.  They have French toast which is made of that huge challah bread and tastes like you're eating bread that's been dipped in the eggs from god's ovaries, ohhh it's that yummy.  (God has ovaries right?  He's like, both, right, has everything?)Their chicken noodle soup is sadly a disappointment.  I'm always on the search for delicious chicken noodle soup, and theirs was all... bleh.  The broth was icky and the noodles were thin and twirly.  Restaurant chicken noodle should be thick strips of noodles, you foolish fools, not twirly little pathetic bastards!!But that's not why they get four stars instead of five.  The reason is their music.  Usually I come there late at night and, I dunno, I guess they're going for this trendy club-atmosphere or something, because they BLAST that shit and it's awful.  It's not that I hate the music (which I do because it's awful trendy crap, but I could change it by picking something out of the jukebox if I wanted), it's that it's SO.  Friggin'.  Loud.I guess, I dunno, the rest of you people have so completely damaged your hearing that you don't notice, but to me it's physically painful.  It's like sound warfare and I feel like I'm being attacked.  Plus I can't actually talk to my companion(s) without shouting at them.Since atmosphere is a big deal when going out to eat, there have been a few times where we've decided NOT to go there because we aren't in the mood to put up with such loud nose.  But you know, they change that and bam.  I'll give 'em five stars.And since we all know how much everyone wants MY five stars, I bet they'll be doing it within minutes.  Huhuhuhuhuh.Update:  They don't do cheese fries anymore.  For some reason.  Considering cheese fries is just melting cheese on fries, both of which they have, in like a microwave or under a heat lamp, this loses them a star.  It was my favorite side.  :C
4	Great diner food with excellent taste. Came on a Sunday for lunch with a line out the door. Did not wait very long.Great food, hash browns cooked in butter and not an oily mess. Disappointed the "old fashioned maple syrup"  is the gooey mess that is not real maple syrup. The pancakes are good, but not with goo.Tried the onion rings and they are delicious.
5	This is one of our first stops every time we're in North Carolina! I've never made it past breakfast to try lunch or dinner. The Challa coconut French toast is awesome! Their grits are always on point. The staff is always upbeat, friendly and thorough. We love that they're open 24/7 too.
5	Definitely a 5 star spot, no doubt!  The breakfast sandwiches are awesome and at the right price too.  I also love the coconut French toast.  If you like a little spice you have to try the shrimp grits.  Their fried chicken is on point too.  I have nothing bad to say, this is a great spot to get your grub on.
4	I found this place very good. I had the chicken wrap it was great!!!!. Its a dinner car setup so its alittle cramped and lound at times but service is very good. You should be happy here
4	I enjoy going to the Midnight Diner, it's always there when you're hungry. We've gone many a morning afters, and many a late evenings. I love the firecracker shrimp salad, warm delicious shrimp tossed in firecracker sauce and put on a bed of sexy lettuce...(didn't know lettuce could be sexy did you?).I've also had an omelette here, fries, grilled cheese, carrot cake. I haven't had anything I didn't like. My friends have tried the chicken and waffles, and even french toast and chicken (upon request), chili cheese-fries, hot dogs, and the Mexican burger YUM.The crowd here gets interesting, so keep a look out for some good people watching moments. We love when we get a fun waiter/waitress to like Lissssssaaa, which is exactly what her name tags reads.Try out Midnight diner for your next late nite, or after hours get together, or morning after a good time Uptown!
3	So if your use to going to Waffle Houses and like them... You will like this.The diner is styled after the 60's or so everyone is overly friendly and the food is good. Though this is a greasy spoon. I am sure this is a really nice place to hit after your night uptown in the bars. My breakfast was just ok. SORRY.  Yea I would go back for  quick breakfast. There is other available parking near the diner that is free just follow the signs or the folks there are kind enough to help you.yea... This place is not dog friendly.
4	What can I say about the Midnight Diner???Let's see....when you go here you should definitely expect an "experience". Whether it's the waiters and waitresses singing and dancing or the unique dining crowd which really just can't be explained...This place almost always makes one of those nights you and your friends will never forget.But this review isn't based on any of that...these four stars are solely based on one dish...the shrimp and grits. My goodness. One bite of these grits will have you asking yourself: "Where in the hell did that come from??" These grits are creamy, dreamy and steamy (if I could think of another rhyming word I would use it) Top that awesomeness with shrimp and I just really don't know what else to say. Geesh...I loved them! Seriously, if you can manage to find a parking spot and actually get a booth this place is totally worth it.
4	Coconut French toast was delish - huge slices couldn't even  finish took home leftovers :)
4	Where else can you get a shot of Jack Daniels with your breakfast?  A truly 1 of a kind atmosphere.  Why settle for IHOP when you can come here?
3	I came here a few weekends ago looking to get a late night dinner. Never again will I go here on a Saturday night. The wait is ridiculous. About 20 minutes later, I sat down at the bar area. The waitress was ok at best. It seemed like the place could have had more waiters on hand. Anyways, the wait wasn't too long for the food. I got 2 biscuit sandwiches which were good. Come here if you're done partying in Uptown for the night and looking for a decent midnight meal.
3	Food is good. Service is odd. This place is way overstaffed but service is hard to come by.
4	What you would expect in a Diner..... A good simple and hearty breakfast.  They have all the standard breakfast fare, be it omelets (egg white variety too), pancakes, french toast or belgian waffles.  They have amazingly tasty and buttery biscuits so forego the toast for the biscuit, and order a side of sausage gravy to split with your table.  Also the grits are amazing, and I'm not a huge grits fan, but these suckers have butter or cream in them that make them delectable.  I suggest having one person get grits and others in your party get the hash browns and you go halfsy and share.  The Friendly staff seem like they have been there for years, and they are efficient at least while sitting at the counter where I was.  Believe me you will leave this place exceptionally full that will last you all day.  I'm still full while writing this review, and I was there about 6 hours ago :)
1	Is this true?  I ordered a PLAIN burger and it was brought out the total opposite and the manager came to our table to say "that a new law was discovered "today", that if an order is delivered to a table, the customer has to pay for it regardless"!!!  On top of that, the server came back to our table and wanted to argue with me to tell me that I DID NOT order it plain.  She was very rude and was shaking her head at me....with that being said, I asked for the burger "to go" and came home and gave it to my dog!  It was a bad experience and merely do not understand because we were nice customers.  We've NEVER had this experience and will not return.
2	We ate here and we didn't die, that's the best I can say.  We tried the so highly recommended fried chicken and some other stuff that for the life of me can't remember. The food was just OK, nothing great about it but there's no excuse for the complete lack of service in an empty restaurant - we got there around 1:45.  They sat us around the corner and out of sight  and promptly forgot about us. After a while I made a fuss and got a server to take our order ..... but he never came back........ and much later, almost an hour after we walked in the manager himself brought us our food. Which was like I said OK but not great. As for the decor, I'm just so tired of the old American Graffiti cliches, enough already!  I hear this place is terrific, when you're stinking drunk. Sober not so much.
5	Holly, our waitress, recommended the Carolina Burger...it was delicious!!! The service was fast and the food was amazing. I can't wait to come back to try the chicken & waffles and visit our girl Shelly, the hostess with the mostest! She was so friendly and welcoming! I highly recommend this to anyone visiting Charlotte.
3	Went here for a late breakfast with the husband.  This place is chrome-shiny and  appears larger on the inside than on the outside.  Our server was abrupt, almost military-like, but she was on it with the service.  My man got the coconut French toast.  He liked the topping, but wished that it was made with thinner bread than the challah.  He also longed for real maple syrup (I have spoiled him).  I ordered the veggie omelet, hash browns and biscuit.  The biscuit was light and fluffy, and the omelet and hash browns were decent.  Hard to mess up eggs, but also difficult to make an omelet stand out.  I like the vintage styled memorabilia on the wall.  The booth where we sat featured "I Love Lucy" and the Rat Pack.  Motown played on the juke box, which added to the retro charm.At the end of our meal, our no nonsense server gave us a sweet, little smile.  That was nice.
5	Best southern meal during my three days in Charlotte. The waitress was a sweetheart and helped me order something I'll never forget!  Livermush, two eggs over easy, a biscuit and grits.I like liver, so the taste was up my alley. It's really the texture that surprised me; a super crispy crunchy outside with a pate like texture inside. The biscuit was fluffy and not greasy. The eggs were perfectly runny. But honestly, the grits style the show for me.  I had been haggling my friend to get me some outstanding grits, and by bringing me here; he did. Super creamy and thick with the right amount of salt. I cleaned my plate better than the guys at my table.
3	The food is great. Customer service is great. Only downside to this place is it gets too packed and loud. On a busy night you can barely hear the person sitting next to you.
3	The late night diner that comes with a side of adventure. The food is your standard diner fare but the atmosphere is what gives this place its charm, especially if this is a late night stop for you. If you come here right after bars close, expect to stand in line for 20-30 mins, more if you have a group larger than 2-3. Food is not bad but there is always something going on at the diner. When I went last time, there was some scuffle that occured on the outside. Usually it is just how drunk people are but being from the south it was somewhat entertaining to watch. The staff is friendly and courteous and the space is somewhat small but works for a late night stop.
5	Our waiter was fantastic,  the food was to die for. My mom and me went for lunch there for the first time so we wasn't quite sure what to expect but I'm glad we went. I had shrimp and grits and they was absolutely delicious,  I mean roll your eyes delicious lol. My mom had breakfast and she's a picky eater amd she enjoyed her food so much.  The atmosphere was very pleasant, clean, and playing old school r&b ( real music ) lol. Took my brother home a fried chicken dinner and let me say this is the closest to my grandmas southern fried chicken that we will ever get. The cook really has a blessed talent and loves what he does. Oh and the collard greens oh man to die for, and they wasn't cooked with any kinda meat, which is hard to find in the south. So I will definitely recommend and my mom and me has a new restaurant for our mother daughter day out.
4	After seeing reviews and pictures from my fellow Charlotteans et al about the chicken and waffles, I had to come try them.The waffle was good.  The chicken wings were large and seasoned well. Good to know this place is open 24/7 in case I need to visit at anytime during my next sojourn to CharMeck!
5	Never had my son say it was the best burger he's had. And we eat out a lot. My chicken and waffles were awesome and so was the banana pudding. The vanilla wafers didn't taste like they were from the box but tasted like mini cakes.
5	I love this place. Never disappoints. AWESOME staff and great old school diner food. Great prices as well, you will not leave hungry.Remember folks, it's a diner, don't expect anything remarkable. It's fresh, consistent and tasty.
4	I loved the food.  They have the best French toast ever! The Turkey bacon and eggs were also good. If you can sit outside, that is best.  If not, know that t is really noisy inside.
5	This little diner has a special place in my heart. The staff is always so welcoming and friendly and the breakfast here always hits the spot. I walk past this diner every morning when I head to work and the wonderful smell of waffles make the morning walks in the cold a little less harsh. And in case I forgot to mention, the breakfast is amazing!!
5	Get the coconut French toast with chicken wings...out of this world good. I still crave it
5	Some of the best shrimp and grits I've ever had. The grits were southern style so they were creamy.  The shrimp were seasoned to perfection. I will always come here when I'm in the Charlotte area. The service was great and the place wasn't huge so I'm sure it gets crowded. Well worth the wait if need be.
5	Our table had a sampling of many things on the menu from omelets and waffles to milkshakes and pancakes.  Everyone left happy!   The wait staff were incredibly friendly and all of our food was cooked as ordered and was served very quickly .  The San Bernadino omelet was perfection.
4	Great shrimp n grits. Nice down-home diner feel. This will bless your life. If you're in Charlotte, I suggest you stop in. Dooo iiiittt!
4	I had the chicken and waffles and they are amazing!! There was a little wait.  The service was excellent.
3	Food was good but the service was terrible. Had to go out my way to get more water and to order dessert. Food was also overpriced.
4	Loved this place , dinner was good :)  food is too much to eat though :)I liked the ambience , it's cozy n bright :) I feel bad for eating after my gym though :(
4	The Midnight Diner is a great choice for inexpensive comfort food and breakfast anytime. The fried chicken is especially good and I love the shrimp & grits. No wine though - only beer & liquor - kinda weird!
5	This was an excellent recommendation. The food was amazing!! We ordered chicken ad waffles, the corn beef and hash slam, and TWO bubba platters.In the realm of artery clogging goodness, this diner was on point.  The sausage gravy was phenomenal, as well as the hash. The waffles were a perfect melt in your mouth density.Also notable, the juice actually comes in a huge glass and it is not over priced.Would definitely come back.
5	Ok... This is Charlotte's biggest secret!!  Shhhhhh.... don't tell anyone..but their Shrimp & Grits, Chicken & Waffles, Fried chicken Mac & cheese collard greens dinner is the "BOMB"....    I truly can't believe,  that I've been in Charlotte for 4 1/2 years...and no one gave me the 411 on this place..    Well, I guess that's why it's Charlotte's secret..lol!!   Seriously... it's one of the cleanest, nicest place in Charlotte to enjoy a delicious meal, without breaking the bank.                                                                                         Great diner atmosphere, coupled with old skool music... What more can you ask for....  Check it out!!!!
5	My bf went there for lunch and had chicken and waffle. Then he couldn't stop talking about it for hours. So eventually we went there at 1:30 in the morning on a Friday night. This place was packed and the atmosphere was fun with 90s & 00s music playing. We ordered half fried chicken and the coconut French toast. OMG hands down the best fried chicken and French toast I've ever had. We are thinking about going back for Saturday brunch already...
3	Went to the Midnight Diner for the first time.  It wasn't so bad.  A friend and I went at late night because we wanted something good to eat.  I suggested the Midnight Diner because I always see people going here.I ordered the Chicken & Waffles, but I honestly wasn't impressed.  The waffle was good, but the Chicken was dry.Maybe it was a first time thing, but I'm willing to give it another shot.
5	Best shrimp and grits in Charlotte!  Staff is very friendly and personable.  Great atmospher and fair prices.  Portions are huge!
3	Went to the Diner yesterday for the first time. I have no complaints about the food. The grits are creamy, some of the best I've had. Everyone at the table enjoyed their food. What I don't get is their fanatical insistence on "No Substitutions". To be fair, though, it may have been our server, who was not very pleasant even when he introduced himself. He was clearly irritated when 2 of our party asked for simple substitutions. If my breakfast comes with either bacon or turkey bacon, what's the big deal if you get a Club sandwich and request turkey bacon and ask them to leave off the ham? The server rolled his eyes, and said he thought that might be OK. When the food came  out, though, none of the substitutions were honored. I think that's ridiculous. I know substitutions may slow up the kitchen, but come on...  The food was good enough, though, that we will be back. We will just know to order dishes that require NO SUBSTITUTIONS.
2	This place has got the best fried chicken but food alone don't make a great dining experience this place is so loud until you have to yell to speak to the person next to you on top of having the jukebox turn up to the max. We order the family size chicken dinner which was enough for 4 people it came with 8 piece of the chicken 4 biscuits but only two individual sides SMH and to substitute the breast and wings for dark meat is an additional $5 call me crazy but breast cost more my service was awesome my food was fresh in hot and I will go back maybe doing today when it's not a club and a restaurant at the same time
2	The place is honestly okay when you can get some service. They have a crew of half wit waitresses that I heard arguing on who was suppose to do their job and then decided to not do it all! My husband and I stood there 10 minutes being completely ignored. I very rarely get a night out anymore, so I turned around and left and took my business to Amelie's. At least there I'll get service and not a rude waitress that won't do their job and would rather gossip!
2	Great Diner Food...24/7.....Slack Service!Been going here for a few years now.  Up until this  year... I would have given it 5 stars.  I love the food but have to say that they really need to tighten up the slack in the service.They used to have a solid wait staff that had great energy and worked really well together.   They were entertaining and on the ball!   Now it seems like they have twice as many employees and the service is much less efficient.  Everyone moves at a glacial pace.When you pull in, you can almost count on the majority of the wait staff being in the back parking lot on smoke break.  The visit before last, we got there at shift change.  NEVER GO AT SHIFT CHANGE!!!!  They happened to get slammed and everyone got confused and in the weeds.  After 15 minutes, I had to flag someone down just to see if we were going to have a server.   After our order was put in and the food was delivered.... Our server never came back to fill a drink....and we had to flag her down to pay the tab.  I've watched food being auctioned off to the wrong tables, drinks spilled, dinner plates dropped etc.  It gets quite comical actually. No one seems to know what's going on there anymore.This past visit, there was a table that sat right beside us and it took 10 minutes for them to even be acknowledged.  One waitress asked the other waitress "Do you want them?" (Right in front of the customer)... They both rolled their eyes and walked off.  Eventually another server stopped to help them.  I think management needs to take a serious look at how things are being run and even possibly reclaim some of qualities that their former wait staff used to have.All in all, I'll keep going because I like the food.... But I may really have to think hard about going because of what I know is in store for the service. Perhaps they should can the smoke breaks.
4	Been here two times today first and my last food is good but the new waitress with a attitude throwing food at u don't sit well with me.
4	Back when I used to drink like a fish, I ended up here at the end of the night or early the next afternoon many times. In a drunken stupor or in the early stages of a hangover, I want the grease cure and anything that is bad for me. The food is probably fit for consumption sober as well.This is a comfort food zone & its best to put all thoughts of counting calories out of your pretty little head & replace them with thoughts of chicken and waffles. Yes, just like everyone else who has eaten here, I've had the chicken & waffles.This is THE meal to sop up a night's debauchery & it's just awesome all around. I'm a waffle purist and don't go for all that fruit and circuses on a waffle. Why mess with perfection? I mean if it ain't broke, don't fix it. But if you want all that shit on your waffle, they have it. Gotta be making stuff complicated. A huge Belgian waffle with a side of 3 fried crispy chicken wings.The waffle is light yet slightly firm(as it should be). Nothing worse than a waffle that is as soft and floppy as a pancake. If I wanted a pancake, I'd get a pancake. Lookin at you free breakfast at Hampton Inn.If that doesn't sound good to you, then I don't know what to tell you. Get a salad? Find a place with linens & pay too much? One of those two.The fried chicken could be some of the best in Charlotte. Once upon a time, some friends & I split a whole fried chicken meal in the wee hours of the morning with friends. After spending too much at the bars, it works out perfectly divided 4 ways since we are cheap & broke at that point. Chicken quartered, fresh and fried, always hot & never greasy. Food here doesn't sit under some heat lamp for 15 minuted before making it to your table. What's up with places like that? Bring it already.Served with two sides, the mac & cheese is superior. And it was served with made from scratch biscuits.All the other diner favorites are available. Deli sandwiches, omelettes, grits, etc. But weren't you listening?! Just get the chicken & waffles.
3	Food is more than adequate. I had chicken and waffles. It's a nice change of pace for a late night spot instead of ihop or waffle house. The selection is huge. Breakfast and brunch items as well as soul food offerings. The music is too loud and our waitress didn't have the best attitude. Overall, a good experience.
4	Late night food, amazing service and adult beverages too!  Outstanding experience!  Must try!
2	While their food is quite filling anytime of the day; the staff could be more efficient and accurate. I agree with one of the reviews here, I've been here 5 times and every single time I go(all evenings-around 9pm-2am), there is a number of staff taking smoke break right outside of the restaurant. I don't like breaking through a barrier of smoke just to go to the entrance nor do I like having the smell cling from such a short encounter. Sometimes the host is nowhere to be found so the servers just sweeps you off your feet to their section when eyed upon. DON'T EVEN think about doing carry out orders either, it's never accurate and when you try to see if your order is correct by opening your to-go boxes by checkout, you get a slap down saying that "you don't need to check it, I made sure everything is in there." BALLS. I've had spaghetti without the house salad it is suppose to come with, no dressings, no sausage...the side items never made it either. They have a pretty clear sign that once you step out with your order, they are not responsible for missing items. CAN A SISTER PHYSICALLY CHECK IF HER ORDER IS RIGHT BEFORE SHE PAYS? WITHOUT NO FALSE ASSURANCE? While I'm done with being bitter, I would love to thank the wonderful cooks and chefs. You guys make my tummy happy.Their fried chicken is crispy and just right. French toast is enough to explode your abdomen on half orders. Tea is southern sweet. Grits are wonderfully buttery and creamy. Make sure when you order a breakfast sandwich, check if it's biscuit or sandwich bread. We were bummed when we got bread. Shrimp and grits, spaghetti hits the spot if you're "hangry". Can't pledge for the burgers since it's been dry(patty) and bland the last two times I've tried it.  If you're ever hungry late at night, try midnight diner. It's a miss or hit on the menu but give it a try. Some of the servers are to adore but some could use a good pair of boots up their donk.
1	All was well and good until we saw a giant roach crawl across the floor as we ordered, to which the waitress grabbed a napkin and caught him with then put it in the trash can. She apologized and said they had just sprayed and he must have been a stray. Um, okay?!?We decide to stay despite this because my wife really wanted shrimp and grits and had read that theirs were good. Food comes... My burger had literally the nastiest looking shredded lettuce which smelled like it was turning and was a lovely pale yellow/green color and the tomato had the hard stem included in the center.  Completely inappropriate for a sandwich of my kind. I try to make the best of it and just dissect the burger and rebuild it. I squeeze some ketchup out for my hash browns and the taste was so foul I just couldn't bare to eat them. The ketchup was in one of those red picnic bottles and obviously had been refilled over and over again, and never cleaned out, because the ketchup tasted old and thick-- just plain bad.We will NOT be back! I suggest Eddies Place or The Diamond instead if you are in the mood for delicioua diner food along with a clean establishment and quality service.
3	Solid, but nothing to write home about.  I had been craving a waffle all day and was disappointed with the waffle here, as it was really nothing better than what I could make at home with a waffle iron.  Also, the menu stated that it was supposed to come with whipped butter, and it did not.  I had to use the little packets of imitation butter and it just wasn't the same.  The corned beef hash, on the other hand, was excellent.  My husband had fried chicken, which was also excellent.  Service was adequate, but again, nothing to write home about.  They seemed to have about ten servers walking around looking frantic... somehow overstaffed but at the same time not delivering good service.  It was strange.I will be back, however.  I want to try to desserts and something other than the waffle.
3	Came for breakfast today , I had the midnight breakfast platter . Had a mimosa , it wasn't all that great but then again this is a diner . My meal was decent and my server was friendly .
5	Love...love...love!!! Best place for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. Always happy with food and service. They are quick and very hospitable. We recommend this to everyone we know and they fall in love too!
4	Good food at a reasonable price. Pleasant staff. What more can you ask for. Oh, and late night hours WoW.
4	Friendly service, tasty food This place is good when you are not dieting lol Could be a bit faster service and cleaner
4	The fried chicken was very good, better than any other sould food place in the area.The place was a little dirtier than it was a few years ago.  Sanitation grade is a borderline 90.  Floors were very dirty although it had not rained.
5	This might be my favorite place to eat in Charlotte. It is definitely a come as you are kind of place, I love it for that simple reason. Anything on the menu is pure deliciousness. I usually get the Shrimp and Grits, I must say ....it's better than my mother's. Hopefully she never reads this review. The fried chicken is my second favorite, along with the massive French toast. I always intentionally order more than I know I can eat, simply because I love to be in the presence of such wonderful food. Every time I bring someone here they become a believer, I should receive rewards points. You honestly can't go wrong with anything from here at anytime of day. I went in today with my little brother at 4pm and ordered and entire breakfast. Only because I could. If you have never been, I highly recommend. There is also one server who so passionately describes every dish on the menu, you would think he created and cooks them each personally. I could go on forever. But I will stop here. Enjoy the edible.
1	I refuse to eat at a places where the staff is rude. The very first person I encountered when I walked in the door had an attitude problem (the hostess). So we turned around and walked out the door. I don't care if the foods good. There's tons of great places to eat in Charlotte with friendly staff.
5	Loved the nostalgic feel. Breakfast was delicious. Belgium waffle was perfectly browned and shaped, so were the pancakes, and French toast. It was a very busy place, yet we were still sat and served very quickly.
4	Bad service, great food. Our waitress came to the table once only to ask us if we wanted our ticket. We were sitting outside in the rain, and she never tried to get us inside or to a table with an umbrella. That's it for the negatives, onto the positives, the food. I ordered the shrimp and grits and it was phenomenal. The grits were amazing and the shrimp were great. The Creole sauce put it over the top for me! As for my girlfriend, well, she got the French toast and quite frankly; it was amazing. The bread was HUGE and it tasted great. All in all a good experience. I almost gave 3 stars because of the service, but the food was just too good.
5	I highly recommend eating here. My family is visiting from Boston and we ate here for breakfast and we loved it so much that we went back for dinner. The kids had the French toast and and one plate definitely could have been ordered to split for all of them. Everything we ate was delicious. Absolutely not one complaint. Great customer service.
5	Amazing food and service was perfect my 92 year old world war 2 vet grandfather couldn't come in the front and they let him in the back door. Food is cooked perfectly and is delicious.
2	Greasy and mediocre, definitely did not live up to the hype!  This place always has a wait so I figured it would be good but that was not the case. I tried their burger special and was less than impressed. This is probably only good at 2am after a night of drinking.
4	Ms. Vicki was hilarious and $7.99 for a 2 piece fried chicken and 2 sides, damn !  Went Midnight right before the crowd converged. A mixture of Charlotte I'm guessing as I was visiting. good food incredible prices. The huge slices of cake where really good. Our guest had the chocolate and red velvet and the tasted very fresh
4	Great tasting food.  Very, very lively atmosphere, especially late and in the wee hours. You'd best leave your expectations of a formal, proper restaurant at home. This is a very free flowing atmosphere. And the food is good. Fried chicken and shrimp with grits are my favorites.
3	As a self proclaimed Charlotte foodie I had to try out the midnight diner. Our server was awesome. My only concern for this restaurant is that it could be a little cleaner. One of my pet peeves when I go out to eat is when there is food all over the seat when I go to sit down. The seat was sticky with syrup and crumbs. I ordered the chicken and waffles and it was delicious. I would definitely go back just for that!
4	This is my favorite diner in all the cities in which I've lived.  Number one, they serve alcohol which is fantastic and number two, the solid diner fare is accompanied by some of the friendliest staff I've met.  There is one waitress who puts on old school funk and sings like a pro--I love it when she's there.  It can get a bit crowded and loud, but it's a crossroads of life in the Queen City.
4	Another amazing breakfast place in Charlotte! We had to wait for a table for a long time because we went on a Sunday morning, but it was well worth it! The food was excellent!
5	I had some of the lightest, crispest, sweetest Belgian waffles I've ever had at Midnight Diner.  Don't let the lines discourage you, both times I went on the weekend they moved pretty quickly.  But it's obvious that this place is so popular because the food is delicious!!  Highly recommend for breakfast.
5	Fried chicken n biscuits with a side of sausage gravy and shrimp grits ... to die for! Best I've ever had!  Great service!  Must stop if your driving through Charlotte ... Just off Route 77!
3	Sometimes the food is great and sometimes it's okay.  It's always fast and cooked to order, and the service is good. the only downside is that the decor really requires an overhaul, but maybe they're going for that old diner look? It's convenient to get to, ample parking. It's no 5 star restaurant, but defiantly a GOOD diner.
3	I will start by saying this, the midnight Diner is probably one of the better staple restaurants in Charlotte. However my experience tonight did not reflect that. After being sat and refused to change my order by our server, Ashley - we then received beyond mediocre service.  Feeling somewhat stereotyped into the mold of "black people don't tip". Luckily a server by the name of Larry a.k.a "Showtime" managed to salvage what remained of an otherwise horrible experience. He definitely exempified the prototype of what anyone would call excellent service. Needless to say our server received no tip. Hopefully she learns something from her peers. Definitely will be back...and requesting "Showtime" as our server for the duration of his tenure there.
5	Holy smokes this place rules. My husband ordered the coconut crusted french toast and it was literally the best french toast I've ever had in my life. Biscuits and gravy were great, corned beef hash was excellent and I typically don't like it much. Our server Angela was really nice and prompt, will definitely be coming back here and bringing out of town guests also
3	Food was awesome! But definitely not getting a full 5 stars because the service sucked. I asked for sweet tea, never got it. I had to use my friends spoon to eat my food because I was never brought silverware. And I would've asked for it, however we never got checked on. My water stayed empty. We asked for the checks, and waited 30 minutes before the waitress came back to even take the checks. And she had to be REMINDED to come get our cards to run them. Pretty much the worst service ever.
5	One of the few places in the world that I would stand in line for over 1hr.   FOOD WAS GREAT @ 2 AM. I got the Midnight Special with chicken wings.. the French Toast was great..and the grits...oh my..If someone wants to buy me a Christmas present get me a bowl of grits from Midnight Diner. No lie.. I ate the best grits in the universe.  Best part was the waitress Angela yelling.."If you have been here over 2hrs and your ticket is on the table..you ain't gotta go home but you got to get the hell out of here!"
4	I absolutely hate waiting in lines for a seat at a restaurant but I'm glad my partner made me do it. Great food friendly staff really a fun experience.
3	Definitely do not go here sober or during the day hours. The food simply isn't that good at all. The coveted fried chicken is alright but there are many other options in the area. It is a good late night option after a lot of drinking. The crowd can get extremely rough. The food is average but you will have some good people watching opportunities. Don't expect much from food and service and you'll be alright.
1	Oh boy! When the hostess is rude as soon as I walk in the door I just turn right around. Only went because Arts BBQ was closed. NEVER AGAIN!
3	If it looks like a diner, smells like a diner, has slippery floors and drunk people like diner...its just a diner. I will say, the chicken and waffles were delicious as was the shrimp half of the shrimp and grits. A word of advice...leave your party about an hour early to avoid the line that will run outside and down the block after the clubs close.
5	This diner has great ambiance and amazing food! You absolutely must try the homemade chicken soup, it is delicious!!! Their biscuits and breakfast selections are also on point!!!
1	Went in to warm up and wait for crowds to clear after the ACC championship game. Diner has a unique personality, as does the wait staff. Sorry to say the food was not good: chicken soup was warm, not hot; grilled ham n cheese was cold enough that the cheese did not melt; sausage was overcooked and shriveled up; waffles were cold. On the other hand, chicken strips were good and the grits were tasty and hot. Overall, an underwhelming experience.
4	Good comfort food, reasonable prices, great service. Excellent burgers and breakfast entrees. This is a good establishment if you want to avoid some the higher priced restaurants in the same area.
5	My 10 year old sez "The food is delicious but you will probably eat so much of it that you will be full."I had a bad turkey club earlier this week so I needed to wipe away that memory.  Great classic  diner vibe, good service.
4	This place was crowded and I did not believe the hostess when she said 20 minute seating.  Almost to the minute, we were seated.  Well worth the wait.  It did not fail to impress.  The waitress was friendly, prompt, and on-the-ball.  The grits are wonderful!  Even if you are not a grits-eater, you will enjoy them.  We had a big party and all of our food came out together!  You will enjoy yourself here!
3	We stumbled upon the diner looking for a sit down restaurant open on Saturday, December 27.  The atmosphere is amazing, the booths and chairs sooooo cool.  After  ten minutes of waiting for a server, there wasn't much else to see.  Waitresses changed mid order for drinks, so another long wait.  Whoever made the tea that day , well let's just say they forgot to use anything but water and sugar.  The meal did arrive in a short time and was absolutely fantastic!  However, once the food was served, with one mix up, the server totally disappeared; not checking for drink refills was a bad idea for a good tip.  We all agreed that the ambiance and food were great.  Service was cold and unwelcoming, at least that day.  That was enough for us.
5	I came here a few days ago for breakfast and it was great.  I got a simple two egg breakfast.   Came with choice of meat, and I got a biscuit and grits.   Being from out of town, I am always down to try regional foods.  Both the grits and biscuit were amazing!  Fast forward for dinner tonight.  4 in my party ordered firecracker chicken sandwich, buffalo chicken sandwich both of which were good.  My brother said the firecracker was not really spicy as you would expect from the name.   Mom got shrimp and grits.  Wonderful!  I got a half fried chicken since my brother couldn't decide what to eat.  I figured might as well get the extra chicken for only $3 more for him.  I ate the white,  he ate the dark.  Sooooo juicy and hot.  Omg, the best.  We were going to go to Prices the other day, but they were closed for Christmas week.   No worries, the chicken here exceeded expectations!  Came with a biscuit and two sides. I ordered the mac and cheese and by recommendation from our server, the collard greens.  Both of which were great.  The collards were a better than the mac and cheese.  And such a fun, happy place!  Everyone was in a great mood.
5	Was a great place to grab a quick meal at the late evening hours! Menu has everything you could imagine and the service was excellent. Very friendly staff.
5	Midnight Diner is one of the few places in Charlotte where one can wake up 24 hrs a day and be greeted with a fabulous, diner-style breakfast.  It's always abuzz with patrons, great soundtrack, friendly staff, and interesting characters (especially after midnight!).Over the years I've ordered only breakfast and they do it verrrry well.  It's a 5-star dilemma for me when ordering--it's all so good.  My favorite?  Gotta be their biscuits and gravy.  On a diet?  Keep driving--this place is not for you!  Don't care?  Come on in!Tip:  while they're known for chicken and waffles, give the biscuit and chicken filet a whirl at $3.25.  Excellent (order a side of gravy to kick it over the top)!
4	There are few places near uptown that are as accessible and as easy to get to as Midnight Diner.  I ordered the coffee and it was generally what I expected from a diner lol.  I didn't come here for the award winning coffee.  It's a good place to stop by to grab a quick breakfast that is decently prepared.  The morning crowd is drastically different than the late night crowd; it is comprised mostly of professionals on their way to work.  The service is much better early in the morning.  You'll see what I mean if you visit this place during the night hours.  Overall I love occasionally stopping by this place.  Try the Fried Chicken for lunch.  It's good.
