4	A top notch coffee shop in an airport!!They know how to brew a quality pour over.  Four types of single origin coffee to choose from.  Good knowledge and excellent customer service. Not over priced or pretentious.  Nice to have a Starbucks alternative.
5	I'd much rather hit up Cartel before a flight than Starbucks. When I realized my gate was next to Cartel as I was about to go find Starbucks, I was overcome with joy. Whoever decided to put a Cartel in Sky Harbor is a genius.
5	I couldn't believe how great this location was.  Having been to a few of the Cartel locations in other places in the city as well as having their espresso as guest coffees at other cafes around the country, I never imagined I would get a great shot at an airport, no matter what the brand name on the sign. But boy oh boy was I wrong.  This place had great service, an innovative customer service set up, and fantastic baristas that performed as well as their other locations.  I couldn't have been more surprised.  This was an absolutely fantastic thing to have in an airport, and it makes me want to connect through Phoenix on Southwest (they are in the southwest terminal) if i absolutely HAVE to connect.A hidden gem.
5	Stumbled upon this 'hip' - as only a 40yr old can say... coffee lab... And was rewarded with the most beautiful tasting vanilla latte I've ever had.... These folks take their coffee seriously... And they don't burn the beans to death like other ppl we all know! Thank u for setting up in the southwest gate area! Just don't be in a rush... Really Good coffee apparently takes a bit longer! But it's worth it...
5	When the barrista poured my latte with a little leaf design in the foam, I was instantly in love.  I felt like I was back at Stumptown Coffee Roasters in my beloved Portland, OR.  The vanilla latte I ordered was smooth and delicious.  It was just the right temperature so I didn't have to blow on it for half an hour just to take a sip.  For coffee like this, you're gonna pay a little more, but frankly it's worth it.  Pass Starbucks quickly and head to Cartel in terminal 4.
5	Hipster coffee bar in the airport. Just ordered an iced coffee and it was on point. No frills, no other bullshit like Starbucks does. Customer service was uber friendly even when I looked like DEATH from waking up at 4 in the morning to pack and leave for my 6am flight. Love that they had the liquid sweetener for iced beverages too. yum!
5	Had to try to squeeze in one last fix before leaving town. And to see if the airport version could compare to the in town. Not a bit of disappointment here. Excellent macchiato. Staff is super friendly. Nice to see a REAL barista in the airport. One with skills... And cares about what she is doing. Great job again Cartel!!
4	Local yokelLocal coffee, staffed by Cartel, NOT random airport employees. This means you get the same quality here, as any of the other 5 Labs in AZ.  Monkey do: DIRTY SOY CHAI - smooth, creamy and dirtyAlmost walked away when they realized it wasn't made with soymilk, called me back and corrected their mistake. Awesome!  Came here last week for some beans.  While waiting for them to grind, they offered a free brew of other grinds available.  So nice.  5 star service every time.
5	Was headed to the usual Starbucks when I saw this place. Wow! Great coffee, great service and what a HUGE difference from the Starbucks experience! If your not running to your next gate, it's worth the trip to the C gate area! Great job Ryan and Jesse!"
4	Grabbed a quick non fat iced latte from Cartel before boarding my flight - fast friendly service! If I'm in this terminal again, I'll surely pay them another visit and perhaps try out a new drink. Good stuff!
5	Super super super psyched that Cartel is at the airport. I finally get away from Starbucks! Not that I don't love Starbucks, but sometimes - well, most of the time - I just want a coffee that's free of all the frills and shtuff that Starbucks has. They always know how to make my chai just right! The people are super friendly and know their coffee! They make the walk through security worth it!
4	I picked up a roast beef ciabatta here, and was pleasantly surprised at how good it was.Not cheap $8, but probably not bad for airport prices.
5	This place is legit!  It's nice to have a change from other typical lame coffee shops that you see in airports.  I got the "Iced Dirty Chai Latte", and it didn't disappoint!  If I find myself in this airport in the middle of the desert again, I'll be coming back.  Good job guys.PS  Kinda reminds me of the Better Buzz Lab in San Diego, CA (Pacific Beach)
5	Cartel coffee is the best brew in the valley, and now you can get it even if you're just passing through! Located in Terminal C this gem is staffed with super friendly folks and serves delicious coffee. On my first visit I was too excited that Cartel was in the airport to decide what I wanted to drink at first. The barista was patient and kind and struck up a conversation while I was deciding. These guys are extremely genuine. Through talking with me the guy realized that a friend of mine had passed through a couple days earlier. Of the hundreds of customers they see a day the staff remembered a specific individual! The service alone is worth the visit but the coffee can't be beat either. Don't miss the opportunity to experience great people and quality coffee next time you're in the airport!
5	Best espresso in Phoenix and best espresso within an airport. Watch out Portland!
5	This place is great. It first caught my attention with the interesting name (maybe an homage to Columbian coffee?), followed by the unique modern/minimalist decor and bright green color scheme. I wanted a hot tea as I usually do, and figured this place would deliver Starbucks style - in a teabag - I was wrong, but let me get to that in a second.The two guys manning this location were pretty hip looking for baristas - one of em took my order with an iPad mounted on this cool vertical swinging metal arm mount (which I later was told was made by the owner himself), swiped my card using a "square", and then flipped it over the iPad over to me to select my tip amount, sign with my finger, and choose where to send the receipt (email or print). I loved how seamless everything was, and that there were no clunky cash registers.The barista told me it would take a few minutes for the tea to steep. He then proceeded to make my tea using loose leaf tea in this awesome single serve quick steeping device, which dispensed right into my cup, letting absolutely no tea leaves through. He then pointed me towards the condiments, and they had pure cane sugar syrup in a squirt dispenser so I didn't have to mess with trying to get the right amount of granular sugar and making a mess while doing it. The tea tasted great (I just had a standard English breakfast tea), and was strong - just the way I like it. For $3 at an airport, and at this level of quality, I was blown away by the value. I'll be stopping by here anytime I'm in PHX Terminal 4 in the C gates.
1	High on their horse. Its "our policy" to not allow you to have shots of espresso over ice. You HAVE to have an americano.   Are you kidding me? The other person in my flight crew ended up just getting a few shots of espresso, and it was a big ordeal and tasted horrible.  "good luck" was the reply when I mentioned going somewhere else. As a flight crew member, we come through this airport ALL the time. Good way for word to travel fast about you is to give flight crew crummy service. We both received attitude. All we wanted was a simple order.. bummer.. was excited about the "something different" factor!
5	Best airport coffee place ever! Great people, it's like a real coffee house. They really care about the coffee and the experience. I think they should charge more. Most places would charge double for much less.
5	Some of the best coffee out there, hands down, and when I saw it in the airport I was really excited. Bree makes a great cappuccino, but do yourself a favor and enjoy it for here not to go as you won't get a real cappuccino that way. Cartel is now a welcome detour and relief from travel every time I am in the sky harbor airport.
5	I love this place! It reminds me of a really good local coffee house you would find in the PNW. This is how good coffee should taste. Not like the crappy sugar-laden faux-dessert McCoffee at Starbucks. These hipster dufuses (dufii?) at Cartel take their coffee seriously! I find myself routing my travel via PHX these days for my coffee fix. Tip: try the mocha. You won't regret it. Tell them I sent you. That and $5.25 will get you a large mocha. Best. Mocha. Ever.
5	Excellent coffee! Stop by and give it a try at least. Way better than Starbucks!!! The employees are all very nice and willing to share their knowledge as well.
5	It's one of those off brand coffee places. They brew the coffee fresh and in front of your eyes. I ordered a black tea cause wasn't feeling coffee this morning and it was kinda cool to see them brew it. They also had this amazing selection of pastries. They had muffins, cookies and scones and all looked delicious! I opted for the muffin. Cranberry white chocolate to be exact. Not a big cranberry fAn but it looked so good I had to try it and boy was it good. Very moist but kinda crunchy on the top not too sweet just perfect and hit the spot! Next time I'm through here I will definitely have to stop. I might just take a pit stop here from now on. Enjoy!
5	I defy you to find me better coffee in an airport - anywhere.  Sticking with PHX Sky Harbor's goal of promoting local businesses the Cartel team is churning out the same great beans here as at their shops around town and the prices are no different.  Coffee here, pastry from LGO - if I had to be stuck in an airport on a long layover I can think of far worse places.
5	This was a pleasant surprise during my last trip to PHX. The staff was knowledgable and when I ordered an iced coffee I was happy to discover they cold-brew it there (the true champion's way) and they don't try to mellow it out with sugary syrup like ****bucks does. Not only that, we had a discussion on the merits of various cold-brew devices. A+++++ would drink again.
5	Amazing coffee and espresso. Bought a 12oz bag of the whole bean Burka Gudina. The associate helped me pick out a bag and took her time explaining the choices after asking me what I was looking for in a coffee. Super knowledgable. Can tell she takes pride in her job. So refreshing to get excellent service! Highly recommend!
5	Great local coffee joint. My husband loves their pour overs. I love their chai tea.
5	I'm from NYC/NJ area, and addicted to good espresso.I'd found this place while I'm transferring my flight to Las Vegas.The place looks hip and cool, so I had to try their espresso.Taste so GOOD, and it was so smooth with full aromatic flavor.Thus, I had to come back on my way back.I came back for quality espresso for myself, so I highly recommend to y'all.
5	Awesome tea latte!  They take time and care with each beverage and I would highly recommend.  It's way then your standard Starbucks.
4	Surprising find in PHX. Good espresso/cappuccino served by appropriately mustachioed hipster barista. Go to C terminal for coffee!
5	Simply the best coffee I have ever had in an airport. Worth the wait. Note to fussy baristas--cold brewed coffee isn't always served cold. Sometimes places add hot water or milk.
2	The coffee is great but the service was horrendous. Couldn't keep up with orders and had a bad attitude with the customers. Not worth the money.
4	Love the Iced Toddy!
1	Zero (0) stars if I could!!! Nobody will "experience your coffee" if you are a pretentious asshole. You may "do things differently" but not in a better way. I would rather lick day old burnt coffee grounds out of a Circle K carafe than drink/eat/buy anything you are offering. A local company representing a city in an international airport should know customer service comes first. Shame on you Cartel, you are an embarrassment to my hometown.
5	Best reason to come to Gate C13.  There is nothing that I dislike about this place - and for an airport, that's saying a lot!  Customer service is key here and everyone that I've dealt with have been friendly and helpful.  They use Square to process their credit cards and the receipt is able to be emailed or sent to you via text.  This is very helpful if you're traveling for business and need to keep track of receipts - one less thing not to worry about misplacing.  The scones are over the top good and I'd put their coffee up against any other!  I actually don't mind getting to the airport a little early knowing that I'm going to grab coffee and a scone here.
5	Wow. If you find yourself in the Phoenix airport with even a small layover, find this coffee shop. Some of the best I've ever had. Not fast service, but so worth the wait.
5	Coming off my fifth 12-hour overnight shift in a row, all I wanted was to crawl into my warm bed and play coma patient for a few days. But the amazing Ashley S. somehow snagged us tickets for the Justin Timberlake/Jay-Z concert in LA, so sleep would have to wait! Bleary-eyed, I somehow made it through security and stumbled onto Cartel Coffee Lab in the Southwest terminal next to gate C13. The lime green countertop, smiling baristas, and aroma of freshly roasted coffee beans perked me up right away. My iced vanilla latte ($5.25) was incredibly smooth, rich and not too sweet, just the way I like it. The prices are pretty comparable to Starbucks, but I'd gladly pay an extra dollar or two for a better blend. Starbucks coffee always tastes a little burnt to me, and they typically overdo it on the syrups. Other than Cartel, you might want to check out the airport locations for other favorite local haunts, including Le Grande Orange (to-die-for sourdough english muffins) and Cowboy Ciao (OMG that chopped salad). Kudos to Phoenix Sky Harbor for supporting the local establishments! :)
5	I'm normally an emotional mess at airports - it's hard to leave people behind! So, I actually found a small spot of happiness here in Terminal 4. When walked in here, I felt as if I were transported to Portland, OR! There was a bit of a hipster vibe, from the chalkboard menu to the iPad registers to the bow-tied and thick-rimmed glasses baristas! I ordered a chai tea latte, and it was a well-spiced, creamy drink with very large ice cubes. It lifted my spirits =]
5	Great staff and great coffee.
5	The best coffee at Phoenix Sky Harbor.  Take the extra moment to walk to C11-C19 in Term4 and get a Chemex or pour over.  A bonus is to support local!!!
5	Cartel Coffee Lab and barista Ryan at Sky Harbor International is a credit to the company. I had a few minutes and was feeling a need for a cup of coffee. Ryan was cheerful and eager. More importantly he was friendly. Ryan could have just pressed the vacuum pot for my large cup of coffee, but he instead educated me on a "pour over".   I asked him for his favorite coffee and he suggested a " El Volcan" from the hills of El Salvador. He mentioned the coffee was full-bodied and had a sweet, spicy aftertaste.Now how cool is it to get a fresh, single-cup of coffee!?By far the most fun I have had at any coffee shop anywhere. I will also note that both baristas worked very well together in the small shop. All the customers were treated very well. I hope to have another Southwest layover in Phoenix 'cause I will return.Hearty recommendation here. Walk past the places that serve up burnt up beans and have a "pour over" at Cartel Coffee Lab!
1	Don't ask for a cappuccino or an espresso to go as you won't get one as the flavor will be destroyed in a paper cup! ( this makes completely sense!!!! - when you are in an airport - mostly in a hurry). Stop this fake  "coffee snobbism" attitude! This is simply unbearable.
5	My main complaint before was lack of seating, but with the recent expansion even that small issue has been fixed. I love this place!
2	The coffee was just alright. The service was lame at best. The two people on shift kept talking to what I assume is another coworker who just stopped by to chat. I was the only customer and I guess I was an interruption. Going to McDonalds would be better then this place.
5	BEST ICED COFFEE I HAVE EVER HAD...  and I make my own and thought it was the best until I came here.  Also, the service here was the best of any coffee shop I have ever been too.  No really, and it was very busy.
5	Coming from Portland, I really wanted a good cup of coffee while I was in the airport. And then I saw two hipsters behind the corner, talking to themselves - probably about coffee. They greeted me with only the mildest and most appropriate amount of barista snootiness - love at first sight. They tempted me to try their coffee, which was delicious. If it had not been my second cup of the day, I likely would have had another.
1	Paid for an Americano and waited and waited and waited. I got my money back after 10 minutes of waiting. Nobody who works there appears to care. It's an airport, people have places to go. I wish there was a zero star option.
5	Stop here and get a delicious cup of coffee or espresso drink, then grab some beans for home to improve your mornings wherever your destination. I picked up a couple pounds of perfectly roasted whole beans here to bring with me while visiting family in Florida. Thank you Cartel Coffee Lab for sparing me 2 weeks of insufferable dunkin doughnuts coffee while stuck on the gulf coast.
5	I stopped by here just for a plain latte. I didn't expect much from them. I was so surprised when I took my first sip. This was the best freaking latte I have I ever drank. I love this place and wish there was a store in Oklahoma! I totally miss it.
5	Hands down, the best coffee slash coffee experience I have ever had in an airport.  It felt like a little oasis with prime people watching in a busy terminal with baristas that are kind and care about the process.Let's talk about the process. I have magnificent friends who are supreme baristas because they love the process. It's quite evident here that the all of the people and products here are dedicated to the process of creating quality. Come here for a drink made with intention and enjoy every sip.I ordered a cappuccino. It was perfectly made with just the right amount of flavor and foam on top. One of the best parts was I enjoyed it from a real coffee cup - not a to-go one. This is one of those places where I will intentionally be early for my flight so I can spend time here!
5	Riddle me this one, Batman: why are airports such bland, expensive haunts, and who determined it justifiable to rip-off the general public - nationwide - with sub-par dining and drink options? The other day I paid eight and a half bucks for a beer at the Albuquerque Sunport. One friggin' beer, the price of a craft six pack. Want a bowl of stew with that? Expect to drop a twenty. Packing us in like travelin' sardines of the sky, the average airport experience is bound to be colorless, uncomfortable and a pain in the wallet. As a whole, options in Phoenix perfectly match this description for me. Being here is like sitting through a Chuck Norris movie.Cartel Coffee, by shocking contrast, is like a special guest appearance by Bill Murray: completely unexpected, instantly memorable, and almost familial, this coffee shop has all of the basic ingredients that make this small local chain invariably cool. The barista was, like, my neighbor, with a t-shirt that said something along the lines of "I Like Cows". Likewise with the other guy. And the music was really good. And they had cold brewed, my favorite. And so I got my cup and turned around and set myself down on a chair and if only for a moment, just one blink in time and space, I imagined myself upon a little urban cloud of delight.And then... "Thank you for flying Southwest Airlines, this is a boarding announcement for Gate 33, scheduled for Seattle..."
5	I had a connecting flight in this terminal as I was coming back from a funeral a month ago. Needless to say I was exhausted. The service I got here was wonderful and personal. I didn't know what I wanted, but the barista, Colin, took the time to help me figure their menu out.The quality of the drink I got (a chai latte) was beautiful. The foam was delicious and creamy - just like it should be!I then sat at the bar there and did homework while listening to the music that they had chosen. It was like sitting at a REAL artisan coffee shop!I had the munchies so I got two cookies: the molasses cookie and the cowgirl cookie. They were both absolutely delicious: moist, huge, full of flavor and basically exactly like a cookie should be.Their coffee knowledge is fantastic. Angela (or was it Angelica?) was able to describe the flavors of the roasts fantastically. I bought a pound and was given a free iced coffee as a result - which was SOOO GOOD! I normally load up my coffee with sugar and milk, but the quality (and wonderful flavors) made that unnecessary. Needless to say, the service, atmosphere, and product quality restored a sense of humanity to a place that often seems impersonal, sterile, and rushed.
5	As husband of a barista trainer my standards are high. Best cappuccino in an airport EVER. Great service, very efficient.
5	Hands down the best coffee in the airport!!! It's btwn gate C11-C17
5	I bought a boxed tuna salad from this place. When I got to my terminal and tasted it, I was stunned. This was the best airport food I've ever experienced, so good that I wish I had also bought coffee there when I had the chance. Also so good that I have visited their yelp page a few times just to read reviews and reminisce, even though this place is in Phoenix, and I live in L.A.  I even created a yelp account so I could share the love.
5	Excellent espresso, nice ambience, friendly staff.I am extremely picky when it comes to my coffee. When an espresso shot is not pulled properly, I can taste it. If I feel the need to mask the flavor my drink with sugar, it means that the drink was not made properly. What do I really know about coffee? Honestly, not a lot, but I just have naturally very selective taste. The baristas here are friendly and put care into their work. My barista very meticulously even made nice foam art in my latte even though I ultimately covered it with a cap. Cartel Coffee Lab also roasts their own beans, which does not mean it's automatically going to taste better because I've been to coffee houses that roast their own beans, but their espresso is mediocre to disgusting (Coffee Rush in Chandler anyone??)--whether it's the baristas, the machine, or bad quality beans. I didn't try their baked goods, but they looked reasonably fresh. Thank you, Cartel Coffee Lab, for making my wait at the airport infinitely more pleasant!
5	It's worth the walk to another area in Terminal 4 to score some delicious and local Cartel Coffee. Travelers are truly spoiled now that Cartel has opened a store inside the airport. This coffee is a gem in Phoenix and I always love to both drink and buy Cartel coffee. Not only is the coffee delicious, but the packets of coffee beans make a perfect gift for the coffee lover in your life. During a recent early morning trip, I left my area of the airport and took a little walk to score a Cartel mocha with non-fat milk. It kept me awake and going for the rest of the very long day and for that I am eternally grateful to this locally shop. Now my advice to every traveler is to do your taste buds a favor and purchase a cup o' Joe from Cartel.PS - they have locations in the Valley, including one I frequent in Old Town Scottsdale so if you're an out-of-towner make sure you ask about their locations!
5	We walked(actually ran) across Sky Harbor Airport to get coffee before our flight  It was well worth the effort  Great shop and staff  Great coffee  I have traveled everywhere in search of great coffee.  I was on the tail end of a CA trip  I had espresso in my luggage from Blue Bottle, Handsome, Intelligensia, Luxxe Verve and Sight Glass.  I added a bag of Cartel as well :)  I'll see you for sure on my next visit  Thanks for upping the ante for coffee
5	I hate my morning flights out of Sky Harbor, but there is one place there that makes the check in and security line a little more tolerable. Cartel Coffee Lab on the C Concourse. I will make a quick run down there to get my latte before the flight out of AZ. As good as any of the other Cartels in town, this place has great service and awesome coffee goodness that will get you thru that flight with the crying kid and odd smell that is coming from seat 8C.
5	This is a local chain in Phoenix. Outstanding coffee choices. Usually they have 4 or 5 to select from origins like Honduras, Guatemala & Ethiopia. The size of your cup usually determines the type of pour-over method. Be prepared to wait but sometimes waiting will give you an outstanding result.
5	Go ahead and walk past that Starbucks down to Cartel. Whether you're a local or just passing through you will not be disappointed with this first class hipster coffee front. The latte is smooth, fresh, and strong just as it should be.
5	Great cappuccino!  If you end up in terminal 4 in gates C11-C20 definitely stop by!  The staff is great and you even get a real barista steamed milk foam leaf on top of your drink.  I wish these places would skip the Splenda and start carrying some stevia sweetener, but the sugar in the raw gets the job done.
5	Best airport latte evah! Generally I feel lucky to get Starbucks in an airport so finding next level coffee in Phoenix was a treat. Worth the walk even if you are not flying out of the C gates.
5	I couldn't agree more with Lindsey D's sentiment- that it's totally worth the walk to Terminal 4 to enjoy a cup of coffee that delicious and local! Not to mention, actually worth the money. Cartel coffee is truly a gem not only in Phoenix, but we're lucky to have to stores in Tucson. They don't compromise on quality, so don't plan on taking that cappuccino to go! Sip on that coffee and enjoy....take a moment to block out the hectic energy of the airport. That's what this coffee stop is all about. They roast their beans locally and bake all of their own pastries fresh. A rare find in any airport.
5	Very friendly staff!  Ask for a "real" drip coffee if you have time to wait for it.  It's def worth the 5 mins for your own personal coffee!
5	I was paying by credit card and had the option of adding a tip and I'm thinking do I really be to tip somebody to make an El crappo airport latte? Wow was I wrong! I immediately noticed the beans were not over roasted. I then listened for the milk foaming, expecting to hear loud bubbling throughout as the "barista" butchers my drink. Alas, the initial fury was followed by quite as the milk was textured into a frothy sea of micro bubbles. A few taps on the counter to break up any large bubbles followed by a competition-worthy pour of latte art. Keep in mind that I gave no hint beforehand of being an espresso nut job whose espresso machine has computer controlled temp, oil damped pressure gauge, and silicone foam insulation wrapped around the boiler. Also all wires carefully routed so that if somebody was to disassemble it they would be stunned. You get the idea. I was, therefore, amazed that this was their std quality. This is what I call a "twenty mile latte" ie worth quite a drive. Also, the service was very friendly and attentive. This is almost worth booking a flight, going though a TSA pat down, and canceling the flight just to experience.
5	Best coffee I've ever had in any location...been to three of their locations in Phoenix area. Found them by chance at Sky Harbor airport location. Roasted locally. I also buy a couple of pounds of whole beans  to take home. Awesome coffee and local business.
5	It's rare that you find good food in an airport and it's nearly impossible to find good coffee.  Well I found the pink unicorns of coffee shops - Cartel Coffee Lab.  Hands down, one of the best cappuccinos I've had period.  A super knowledgeable staff, fair prices and prompt service made this an excellent experience.  Highly recommended!
5	Very quick in this more hip chilled environment. I was quickly asked to take my order only to reply "its my 1st time here im not sure". The staff quickly filled me on the beans, where they are roasted, blends etc. It was actually quite informative for an airport coffee service, much better then any commercial coffee service I frequent. The barista asked me a few questions as my java was brewed up making the experience much more enjoyable. Bottom line, I'm sad this business is not in my home town but will certainly be a regular stop anytime I'm in Phx Sky Harbor.
5	I usually go to Starbucks for coffee before i travel but all they had was cartel and paradise bakery in my terminal.  I chose cartel because I am not a fan of any coffee/espresso from paradise... I ordered a small vanilla latte which I thought would be 12 oz... The cup was 8 oz so I was a little disappointed.   Took my first sip and it was pure delicious!  Well worth the 4.25 spent!  They take a longer time to make the coffee but it is soooo worth it because it is soooooo smooth... It is located in terminal 4 gate C11-19... worth the walk if you are in terminal D...
5	This isn't even my terminal. I went out of my way to come get a pour over! This is now a good day
4	Yum. Do yourself a favor and skip the normal Starbucks garbage and come here.  Cartel crafts wonderful drinks in which you can really taste the espresso and the roasting itself. Im enjoying a mocha latte currently and it. Is. Bangin. If youre connecting through phx sky harbor and you are flying southwest, you should stop.
4	Located in Phoenix international airport, Southwest terminal, gate C 12, this place offers incredible gourmet coffee selection. They have limited choices for drip or they have a wide variety of selections using the clover machine. It does take time to make good coffee so make sure you plan plenty of time to catch your flight.
5	Definitely worth the extra 2 minute wait and easily surpasses the quality of Starbucks! I had an absolutely perfect vanilla latte. It had to have been the smoothest roast I've had and perfect amount of vanilla, not over or under done.
5	WOW! I'm SO impressed! I had heard so much hype over this place in Tempe from a previous roommate. I figured it was mostly hot air, so I went half expecting it to be nothing better than a regular Starbucks.Everyone was so friendly, coffee was DELICIOUS, and the salad was so full of flavor and filled me up...all of this for only $8 in an airport!I had a regular iced coffee and some sort of Thai/Asian salad (peanuts, red & yellow peppers, cilantro, delicious dressing, and other fixings). Get it or at the very least go here!
4	Great coffee, great presentation. Baristas were well-trained. Espresso was well prepared.Sad to report however the snarky hipster customer service is alive and well at Cartel. I was hoping this company outgrew their adolescent, angsty need to be the prettiest girl at the coffee prom. Note to upper management, if you guys are going to grow this brand with the hope of selling it down the road, you need to fix these customer service issues. Or don't. Stumptown or Intelligentsia could displace you in a matter of months. I'm going to try it again on my next trip and hope things will change.
5	One of the cool things about Phoenix Sky Harbor is that they are bringing in locally own businesses into the terminals for  all to try, I like that a lot!I was searching for coffee and walked by Starbucks and saw the line was out the door so I just kept heading towards my gate and thank gawd I did, when I turned the corner I found Cartel Coffee!! Oh yes I was very happy.The staff was friendly and helpful, I walked right up and ordered an large mocha, this was a great looking cup of coffee great tasting too! Loved itIf your looking for a cup of joe, you should skip Starbucks and head on over to Cartel Coffee forsure!
5	Starbucks? Naw, this place is way cooler. Do yourself a favor and try something new. This place is hip and has fast service. The cappucino I ordered was strong and gave me that extra boost I was looking for!
5	Great cup of Columbian filter coffee.  DittoThai salad and zucchini & goat cheese scone.Kudos to PHX airport officials for promoting high q locals. Great people at cartel- disturbing to see big line at star$... & no line here.
4	Always Time For a Coffee Stop!SITREPI was in a rush.  Not a RUSH rush.  But a RuSH to get situated at my gate since boarding was to start happening in 10 minutes.  THE SETUPI like to give myself some buffer time when standing in line at an eatery/coffee shop because you never know really how long they will take to get your order done - I certainly didn't need a repeat of my Nathan's burger situation at McCarran airport in Las Vegas where my "5 minutes" (as clearly annunciated by them in the King's English) turned into 25 mins w/ a large side of attitude from the 2 staff there.In addition, when given the chance, I like to try a different coffee branding (other than my go-to "Starbucks") that I may not have tried before, and that also looks inviting.SPEEDYLuckily, Cartel was smooth sailing with getting my large mocha-to-go for my Southwest flight back to Sacramento.  AND they did my Mocha as a sugar-free option, which I appreciate.ON PRINCIPLEHowever, whether here, or Starbucks, or Peets, or a fast food place, etc., I get really torqued for any shop that charges nearly $5 for a mocha that I should - and do - get for between $3-$4 at a non-airport location. Please note:  just because you (inset business name) are at an airport location doesn't justify nor support the business metrics for overcharging customers.  This is along the GOUGING you see at the Coachella Music Festival charging $6 for a tiny bottle of water or a Movie Theater charging $6 for a medium soda.  Somehow the notion came along that "Trapped Audience = Demographic to Abuse".  I'll never accept that.therefore, this is a minus one-star whomever the over-charging business is, just to be clear.THE LOWDOWNA great coffee stop in Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport!
2	I was passing through Phoenix airport and felt like having some green tea so decided to try Cartel Coffee Lab instead of grabbing a bottle of Snapple or PureLeaf from the freezer.I asked for the Iced green tea ($3.75) and requested it with milk and sugar. I was told there was milk and a bottle of syrup on the counter which I could help myself with. This was a "tell" that I choose to ignore so paid the price. The barista simply poured out a measure of pre-brewed green tea from a jug into a cup and was done. I added some milk and sugar to complete my masterpiece. As expected it turned out to me bad. I was better off getting a bottle of Snapple iced tea rather than be subjected to this.Next time will head to a Starbucks where the baristas actually know measures and proportions to make a decent green tea instead of coming to Cartel Coffee Lab.
5	They do coffee right; no complaints with my small latte. You can taste the freshly roasted beans. They have some tempting baked goods brought in from their downtown location. I loved the zucchini- goat cheese scone with a sprinkle of sea salt on top. Yum!
4	In PHX. In Terminal 4, C Terminal (Southwest Airlines). Very fru-fru. They do Aero-Press coffee! I'm impressed. It's the first time I've seen an Aero-Press used in a commercial shop. They also do expresso and Chemex. Worth the walk and the wait for a good cup of coffee.
2	I think some people have lost touch. $3.75 for a cup of coffee?  At least they could get some bigger cups. I won't be back.
3	6 dollars for a large dirty chai which was 1/3 ice. Have these people lost their minds?Good coffee but way too overpriced.
2	One of the best coffee shops in Phoenix, but when the pricks behind the counter tell you they won't make you a doppio over ice, I want to punch them straight in the baby maker. When I'm paying don't tell me what I can and cannot have, I'm boycotting until they get over themselves.
5	Had an incredibly long layover in Phoenix (approx 6 hours to kill) and spent most of it sitting near my gate at Starbucks. Around lunchtime, I decided to take a walk around the airport to see if anything sounded good and nothing did.  A friend from Arizona has always raved about Paradise Bakery, so I was curious to see how it measured up to all the Panera's I've ever been to.  I know that it isn't really fair to judge a place by an airport location, but there was nothing appealing about it to me and topping that off with the fact that their credit machine was inop, I decided to look elsewhere.Cartel was right next door, and a quick search on my phone revealed that this is a locally owned business.  I was sold.  I ordered a latte, which was excellent, and a zucchini and goat cheese scone, which may have been the best scone I've ever had in the US.  It was pricey, but there are definitely worse places to spend $8.  I enjoyed that drink and snack way more than I would have enjoyed anything else in the airport.
5	I tried to pry it out of them: What is the addictive chemical that Cartel puts in their coffee? Being a Denverite, I had to know: what can I do to get my fix while I'm not in Scottsdale? Instead he gave me a list of his favorite coffee shops in Denver. Awesome service, amazing coffee and possibly and addictive chemical that creates the illusion of the best Iced Vanilla Latte you've ever had.
3	A little overpriced, but decent double dirty chai. I went here with a friend after seeing the great reviews. I enjoyed my drink, but my friend hated her Iced Americana. She took it back and the baristas were awesome and kindly gave here an iced coffee instead. Unfortunately, she hated the coffee too, but we  figured it must be their roast that she doesn't like. As for my double dirty chai, I've had better, but this one wasn't bad. I don't think I'll go back though, because of the price... just not really worth frequenting. I'm still giving it three stars for the great service.
5	Just tried my first ever pour over, created by the very knowledgable and helpful Jesse who was happy to teach this wannabe connoisseur more about his craft. I was certainly not disappointed by the rich, but mild notes this method produces. Definitely recommend.
5	This place is beautifully decorated, super clean, and has friendly employees. My, how airport food service has changed.Got a great iced coffee and spent some time here on a long layover.  Enjoyable, and if you're stuck in PHX airport, this is a great place to be!
4	When I visited AZ, this was the place I always went to. The people in there are all amazing. The coffee isn't bad and there's always a ton of people. There's plenty of new people to meet if you're a person who likes to socialize!
5	Friendly service, excellent coffee, and a warm atmosphere make this place a good respite for the weary traveler.  On my next trip to Phoenix, I will definitely be stopping in for a quick caffeine fix.
1	6$ for a large Americano which was bitter and tasted like coffee was burned? Not worth it.Not coming back here again.
4	This is terminal 4 C wing.   To be honest, I wasn't expecting much and this place surprised me.   Legit coffee lab with different selection of beans.   I went with a cold coffee of the day since it was pretty darn hot in PHX and I wanted a low investment.   Pleasantly surprised.   Very similar you'd get in a trendy coffee bar.Famous for: trendy coffee bar after the security line.
5	Man oh man. After being surrounded by the Northern California craft coffee scene for nearly 4 years, I have a high bar for excellence. And Cartel delivers. From what I've experienced, when craft coffee expands to an airport, the magic is lost. In fact, when I left Sacramento this morning, the barista at my local craft-coffee-house-turned-airport-craft-coffee-house didn't know what a macchiato was, so I had to settle for sour-tasting espresso. But I digress: Cartel was top-notch. I had the one & one, and, though the described macchiato was a bit more like a cortado, it was still an amazing treat during an otherwise grueling layover. And they serve it with a side of soda water to keep my palate in check; it felt like home away from home. Just at an airport, which is an odd, yet completely welcome, comfort. On the way home, I have another layover in Phoenix, and I'm actually excited about it.
4	Honestly, I only came here because the other restaurants had long lines but this place didn't. There wasn't much of a selection of food to choose from, but the turkey sandwich I bought was really good. Service was A+, too
4	DO NOT EXPECT STARBUCKS. Cartel serves Coffee with a capital C. While they have a modest offering of espresso options, the beauty of Cartel lies in their bean offerings and brewing methods. They usually have about 8 beans to choose from with 5 different brewing methods. Each combination produces a different experience. This Coffee is meant to be enjoyed black and will probably redefine what you think about coffee in general: fruit/floral forward without bitterness or acidity.An honestly if you want a cup of something you can put cream, sugar & flavors into, any of the other restaurants in the airport will serve you an adequate cup of coffee for less.
1	Small portion sizes for the price.  Inefficient, slow, especially for an airport location.  When I ordered two items, somehow the 2nd drink was never made and I'm standing there, on and on, watching other people who arrived after me receive their little lattes.  There was absolutely nothing special or deviant about my order.  After finally asking what's up, there was no acknowledgment that a mistake was made, nor an apology.  I don't care how local you are and how trendy you are, order accuracy, efficiency, and customer service still matter.
5	There's a small shop in Scottsdale's 5th Avenue where you can feel a bit at home if you're visiting Arizona on a short trip. And this place is Cartel Coffee Lab. Whether you're a big fan of coffee or not, you can definitely find a drink that will suit your taste buds here. For me, this was their soy chai latte. Unable to find the perfect cup of soy chai latte at other locations (example: Starbucks, the only coffee shop I've seen in Arizona), I was distraught... until I found Cartel. This little hipster cafe has many wooden tables where you can spend the morning working or chatting with friends. This cozy place is always packed with people but it's also very quiet and down to earth every time I visit.I was so delighted to find Cartel at the Sky Harbor Airport a few days ago. Cartel in Scottsdale is supposedly the hardest gem to find in Arizona, according to the barista at the airport Cartel. I'm glad I've discovered two in my short trip.
5	Clay at Cartel coffee, makes the best cappuccino with a great design, Excellent Customer Service, from the entire Staff, and amazing coffee, I am a die hard Starbucks fan, but Cartel now won my wallet and tastebudzz! Am in the Airport once a week for my Fix!
5	Airport coffee, even top names in the business, lack the lister of their local compatriots. If this is true of Cartel Coffee Cartel, I need to go to one of their local stores. I savored a delicious 8ounce Americano as I awaited my next flight and was disappointed to discover that I didn't have time to return to their location to purchase coffee to take home: smooth, rich, and finely crafted.  I am so glad I did not dump any cream or sugar in it. It was perfect. This coffee is more expensive than others but you get more flavor and it is more satisfying. I even noticed some mugs available for those who could linger. Options are provided for different crafting of coffee. The staff was friendly and patient as I had to seek out my wallet. They were able to help other customers and I did not feel rushed. I will be checking out their online store--and may just make sure my next flight goes through Phoenix instead of Denver or Chicago :)
5	Airport coffee is usually an iffy proposition. Cartel Coffee breaks away from the pack with great coffee people and some of the best coffee I've tasted in a long time.
5	YESSS! Finally a legit coffee house in the airport with a affordable prices. YOU MUST GO if you are near. Cold brew is delish!
1	"I would like 3 espeesso shots poured over ice"  manager "we will have to add water to that"  me "i dont want water with it" manager "thats our corporate policy" me "goodbye"Seriously guys you are making coffee, not creating high art.  And you are located in an airport.  I suggest that you listen to your customers and just taje their orders and money.  Its called business.
5	Best airport espressoNice well made espresso and baked goods- completely unexpected find in airport
5	I am absolutely, positively, in love with this place.Possibly one of the best coffee places I've been to, let alone coffee places in the airport. I am so happy that my flight was delayed (haha! thanks Southwest) so I could get a chance to check out this place which wasn't near my gate.This place is small, but it packs a punch. You can get a pour over in 4 different ways, you can get what is called a One and One where they pull two shots, one into an espresso and one into a macchiato with some kind of dairy or soy so you can try it both ways. I am a little surprised that they were unwilling to accommodate Cron J's request for three shots of espresso over ice,  because they were sure extremely accommodating to me. If you are a coffee snob, definitely check this place out. Their espressos are smooth, lattes are velvety and pour over coffees are downright delicious.
5	I love cartel so much, but I never go to the ones outside of the airport because the employees are pretentious and I don't believe that's good customer service. However, for whatever reason, the managers at the airport cartel did a much better job at hiring and this place is a must whenever I visit the airport. The coffee is high quality and these employees are not rude. They are welcoming and kind and I believe they deserve all the best in business.
2	First impression not great, 6 minutes still waiting for coffee and I was only second person in here..To long for coffee!!CoolAtmosphere, staff maybe it to early very stoic
5	I always look forward to coffee from Cartel Coffee. I'm a big fan of both the aeropress and chemex hand pour coffee. If you're in a hurry - the drip coffee is quick and delicious also.
5	Can't imagine being able to get a better coffee in an airport anywhere. Also, get their homemade Pop Tart whether you're hungry or not. I will be trying to plan my layovers in Phoenix more often just to stop here.
2	Maybe the worst cap ever. First of all they only serve capp's for in house. Not to go. Then they only serve them in a proper coffee cup, 6 oz. I can drink that in one gulp. They agreed to put it in a big cup for me but I told them I did NOT want a Latte, which is what they wanted to sell me. If you can serve a latte in a to go cup, why not a cap? The cap was, in fact, like a latte and it was awful. The coffee tasted stale and there was no froth on the milkGet your fix at the Starbucks before you head down to gate C
5	I stumbled upon this gem while trapped in the PHX airport. I tried the corn cookie and a cold brew coffee. The coffee was fantastic & I was totally impressed by the corn cookie! I heard some gals mention they have a spicy dirty chai which I'm going to have the next time I am in PHX airport!
2	I broke my word, and went back. Never a line, so quickest way to get coffee before my flight. They're still arrogant and overpriced, but now they won't print a receipt. I'll start walking to terminal 4 to get Peet's.  Nicer, bigger cups and RECEIPTS !
4	First visit here was fun. Staff was super friendly and helpful. If you buy whole beans, you get a free coffee. Their beans are packaged with the specifics of the farm from which they came: location and elevation. (Haven't tried mine yet, but the packaging is cool--would make a great gift!). The decaf Americano they made for me was robust and tasty. They also have some pastries-including a gluten-free muffin. They had a lot of these late in the day, do I'm guessing the word isn't out yet and they don't sell too many. If you are near the high C gates, this is your place. But this terminal now has a coffee shop for every pier--so you are never far from coffee. The other two are big chains, so if you have time, you can moving walkway over to this one for a more local experience.
5	Beets Peets by a marginKills. StarbucksGreat cremora ( sp)?My new favorite wakeup brew in phx.  Thanks for the wakeup juice.
3	I got a Large Hot Latte $5. Not too bad for an airport. I didn't care for the burnt taste. I assume that is just some well roasted beans, but hey I don't drink that much coffee.
5	Wow! Great coffee!! The latte has bold coffee flavor and aroma, with just the right amount of bitterness. Total opposite from the big name chain, charbucks.
4	Was stoked to see this little coffee shop while wandering PHX during a long layover.  The menu boards in the back showed Aeropress, Hario V60, Clever, and Chemex at MKT price, which was a definite surprise to se ein an airport.I ordered an Aeropress.  I was way too travel logged to really care about looking over their roasts, so went with the barista recommended Providencia.  Nice to see them doing an inverted brew on a gram scale, pre-moistening the paper filter, weighing out the water, and timing.  I didn't see them pre-warm the Aeropress, nor did they bloom the coffee.  Still, the coffee was solid, with a great nose (though maybe any coffee would have done the trick at that point in my travels), and worth the $3.25 market price.I'm a little surprised to see most of those brewing techniques in a high-traffic, speed oriented, environment like an airport.  My coffee definitely took a while (as expected), but I can't imagine what this place must be like when slammed (I was the only customer at 7 PM on a Sunday evening).Rad to have this option in an airport environment, and it's a shame I didn't have the time/energy to explore their roasts.  Definitely worth the jaunt to Terminal 4 if you've got a layover in PHX . .
5	Cartel, I adore thee.Anytime I have a flight out of Terminal 4 (OK, almost EVERY flight), I will always hike to Cartel over those two other corporate coffee places.It drives my travel companions batty, but once they taste the goodness that's brewed here, the complaining is quickly replaced with silence. The baristas are always friendly, even at the ass crack of dawn seeing as I usually have 6:30 flights out to the Bay Area. I always order an Americano, and so far, they make my favorite in Phoenix. The cherry and almond scone is a nice treat. Thank you Sky Harbor for exposing your travelers to many locally-owned businesses Phoenix has to offer, especially Cartel!
