5	I can't believe I have not reviewed this place.  I live just a mile away from this place and I stop there on the way home from work quite often.  The service is great, the food is delicious and when I order to go it is fast and the order is always correct.  I have never had Vietnamese food from any other place so I don't really have anything to compare it to, but I have loved everything I got from here,  even the tripe in my Pho!
3	If you're looking for authentic Vietnamese in Scottsdale, then don't go here.  But if you're craving general Asian flavors and don't mind a touch of grease in your food, then Noodles Ranch may do in a pinch.The banh xeo (Vietnamese crepe) came across more thin omelet than crisp crepe.  While the filling of pork and shrimp were quite generous, the flavors were much more Chinese than Vietnamese.  The catfish dish tasted pan fried (with a generous splash of oil) despite the menu description of "grilled."  Heavy use of turmeric also made it taste vaguely Indian.Overall, not a bad pan-Asian food place, but the flavors just didn't fulfill my craving for Vietnamese.  Next time, I'll take the drive to Da Vang.
4	the viet pad thai is yummy and any of the soups too.  the owners are very personable and the customer service is wonderful.  i had no idea it was even called noodles ranch because the sign on top says something like "vietnamese cuisine".  and i love how it's noodles plural instead of singular.  that gave it the 5th star for me.
4	Never had Vietnamese food before, but I really enjoyed it.  I recommend their specialty drink, its a Ginger Lemonade.  I also HIGHLY recommend their fresh veggie spring rolls with a peanut dipping sauce, I liked these so much I came back 2 days later and order 2 to go, one for dinner and one for lunch, then we had some pork pattie and pickled papaya over some noodles, it was amazing, and very light on the stomach, not to be confused with hunger, I was not hungry still, but I wasn't Hometown Buffet stuffed either. Go!
4	Nearly half a decade ago, a man's fantasy became reality in a form never seen before: Scottsdale, Arizona. The motivation for overhauling the city's master plan was to create the greatest feast for the senses in the American Southwest. Everyday, reputations are on the line as master chefs pit their artistic creations against each other.If my memory serves me correctly, and I think it does, the French first colonized Indochine in hopes of seeking access to rubber. And the greatest beneficiary of this decision would be the brothers Andre and Edouard Michelin, inventors of the world's first removable pneumatic tire. To encourage automobile sales, and by extension, their tires, the Michelin Company begin to print free travel guides at the turn of the century with recommendations and ratings systems for restaurants, hotels, and attractions throughout France. These ratings are still the most influential culinary grades in the Western world. It should come as no surprise that as controversy about the Michelin system has grown, Vietnamese cuisine has finally seen the rubber hit the road.A recent addition to Scottsdale's culinary universe is Andre Nguyen. Having migrated to America near the end of Republican Vietnam. Arriving in Seattle, Nguyen attended culinary school and met his wife, Noel. But despite the lure of of other cuisines, the chef stayed true to his roots and opened Andre's Eurasian Bistro in the suburb of Bellevue. His success was almost derailed by a fire that gutted the place. Ngyuen however used the time as a sabbatical, improving his craft, and re-opened his restaurant. Local journalists likened it to the Greek mythological creature of rebirth , the phoenix.But as luck would have it, he and his wife sought out to leave soggy Seattle for arid Arizona for a different Phoenix. At the end of 2005, they took over a hole-in-the-wall called Pho AZ and named it "Noodles Ranch". Here today, Chef Andre rules the roost with impressive skill.The interior decor flatters the otherwise mundane feel of the strip mall in which it sits. Andre has been careful to use color and light to accent various pictures, newspaper clippings and other decorations. But what will surprise the visitor is the degree in which Andre takes this so seriously as to neglect not even the bathroom from this regime.His menu is a mix of predictable, authentic Vietnamese dishes and his own creations borrowed from other cuisines or his own imagination. Chef Andre is not a reckless auteur, but his more audacious dishes may have fewer fans than his bread and butter. As the Chef takes many of the orders personally, guests often might assume the service to be poor, undercut by Andre's own seemingly curt personality. But this ignores the fact that in authentic Asian restaurants, servers often seem more distant and unpleasant than Denny's. Do not let Andre's intent become lost in translation.Finally, in standing with his other bretheren, the Chef achieves this all with low prices. Now Chef Andre, "the Giant", after years of success in the land of gray skies face your greatest challenge yet. Hold your own against the city's most eminent gourmands, not just for you but for the good of all Scottsdale.
3	The best way I can express myself on this restaurant is frustration.  This place was soooo close of having it done right, but just missed the mark and here is why.I don't know, maybe it's because I'm Asian or maybe because I'm a chow-hound at heart, but I like my ethnic foods "ethnic" and "real".  I am not insinuating this place isn't, but I don't like my food to be slightly "watered down" so the masses can enjoy.  Unfortunately Noodles Ranch ever so slightly muted out what wonderful flavors Vietnam has to offer for what I believe, is pleasing the "Scottsdale" crowd.This is how I came up with that conclusion: 1. there egg rolls and fish sauce, 2. the place was way too clean for a Vietnamese restaurant, and 3. I was the only Asian patron.Like your typical Vietnamese style egg rolls, it came out nice and warm with that crispy skin you expect, unfortunately I thought the filling was a little on the bland side.  Also, I thought it was slightly oily for a fried egg roll.  A paper towel would have taken care of that.  But it needed some help with a little more salt and pepper.  No bold flavors coming out from there.It came with your standard lettuce, a few herbs, julienne pickled carrots, and a few raw bean sprouts.  They were all fresh as they should be, but it was the fish sauce that started to get me thinking they might be "watering down" the food.  I don't know about you, but I'm used to slightly salty, slightly sweet, sour/tangy, fishy fish sauce with pepper flakes and julienne sweet and sour pickled carrots and dikon.  Their version was saltier than usual, did not have the pepper flakes and julienne pickled carrots.  The sauce wasn't very fishy either.  Very bland, almost catering towards the Scottsdale people in the area.The Pho, was status quo.  Nice and warm beef broth with all the goodies such as sliced beef tenderloin, Vietnamese style meatballs, tripe, and other goodies, totally hits the spot on a rainy AZ winter day.   The noodles were roughly 5 minutes overcooked.  They broke apart too easily and I wish they would have given just a little bit more of the sliced beef tenderloin.  One of the owners did ask me if I wanted more soup even before I started which was a nice gesture, I just wish they would have given me more up front.The middle aged couple who owned the restaurant were extremely nice and the service was great, especially for a Vietnamese restaurant.The decor was very tasteful, bright colorful Vietnamese umbrellas dressed the ceiling.  I was impressed by the openness of the restaurant with its high ceilings.  The walls were attractively dressed with dark purple and muted blue with large black and white photos of old Vietnam, probably mid 20th Century, with an assortment of bamboo sticks and other trinkets from the "old country."  The only thing I couldn't't get over were the booths which lined the side walls of the restaurant with stripes of this sparkly, metallicy electric blue and sandy tan color that dressed the booths.  I must say that I enjoyed the fact that the restaurant was so clean.  Unfortunately when it comes to Vietnamese restaurants, it seems the dirtier and dingier the restaurant, the better the food.For Vietnamese food , it was priced high, probably anywhere from $1.00 to $1.50 higher per dish.  That probably has more to do with reflection of rent than anything else.Last thing why I believed this place was a little "watered down"; I was the only Asian patron during their lunch rush.  As many of my friends have said (White, Black, and Brown), "You know how I know what Asian restaurants are good...The ones with all you Asians in it."   Enough said my brothas from different mothas.I'm not saying I won't come back here, because I will, but when I want the real thing, you know where I'm going, where my Asian peoples are at...my dirty dingy Khai Hong in Tempe.
4	Located in a small strip mall anchored by a grocery store and a blockbuster, and sandwiched between a water&ice and a beauty supply store and a dry cleaner... this little restaurant is a fresh surprise. If someone blindfolded you and took you here, you wouldn't know you were in a strip mall. The decor is slightly hodge-podge, but a lot nicer than you would expect.I've been here about half a dozen times and have yet to be disappointed. While it's not my favorite Pho, this place is quite good. They are very accommodating and will pretty much make the dishes however you like. The service is really good - but if it's busy, you may have to exercise a little patience.I love the egg rolls and the spring rolls were tasty as well. Other Pho places I've been call the fried ones Spring rolls and the non-fried ones Summer rolls, but this place calls the non-fried ones spring rolls. Whatever, just get their sampler platter and enjoy...There's not much to complain about - it's close, it's clean, good service, and the food is good. I can't explain why I have only been there a handful of times since I've lived about two blocks away from this location since forever. This place doesn't quite make the 5 star mark because I've had slightly better Vietnamese food and because it's located in a spot that should be a Mailboxes Etc. This place deserves a spot among finer dining in downtown Scottsdale... instead it's next to a Subway.Don't let that stop you - this place is great.
3	I had the beef Pho and a Thai Iced tea. The Pho broth was standard and good. The portions of noodles, and bean sprouts were small. They do include celantro and basil. The Thai Iced tea was good too. Over all I was just disappointed in the portion size.
4	Now I'm not an expert on Vietnamese cuisine but I do consider myself a fan (frequented several Vietnamese restaruants across the US) and I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of food at Noodles Ranch.  Maybe it's because the location is not prime (strip mall with a Taco Del Mar next door) but for some reason I didn't have high hopes.  The wait staff is a bit quiet/reserved but I prefer to not be bothered by a waiter asking me 50 times if things are ok.  I have ordered the Mango Chicken and the Curry chicken as well as the sampler appetizer.  I'm not proud to admit this but each time I go I practically inhale the entire meal before I realize it.  I also tried their Fusion Ginger Limeade which was very refreshing.
5	What exactly is a noodles ranch? A ranch that wrangles noodles? If so, I want to live there. It always makes me giggle as I think of the Cuttin' Corral, where Napolean Dynamite gets his haircut. I also admit to knowing nothing about Vietnemese food before eating here, but I'm so glad to have discovered it!  So fresh, always consistently good. The menu is enormous, my favorites being the spring rolls in peanut sauce, the Bun bo xao which is beef stir fry in vermicelli noodles and the combination Pho soup. All the drinks are good, including the Jasmine iced tea, the Ginger limeade and the Vietnemese iced coffee.Sadly, I agree the portions are rather small for my fat american ass...but that just means more room for dessert!!
3	Okay. That's the best word to describe my experience here. Just Okay would be what I'd used for two words. The food? Okay. The service? Okay. The vibe? Okay. Granted, when I went with a lunch friend, we soon realized their A/C was out. Ouch. It was steamy inside, so we asked for our lunch orders to go. A few minutes took longer than a few minutes, but we waited patiently. The server was friendly and professional; he even apologized more than once about their busted A/C. I ordered off the lunch menu. $7.50 for a pot sticker, salad and main entree (the spinach salad with spicy chicken.). Most of my entree was spinach (just an observation). The chicken was very tasty and there was a few tomatoes included. The pot sticker was good, though a bit too greasy for my likes. I think if I ever came back here, I'd have to try the pho. I feel it's unfair to judge a Vietnamese Noodle restaurant without trying their noodles, especially the signature pho bowl. Next time I go, though, I hope they have A/C!
5	I can't wait to come back and eat here again! This little gem is hidden away in an Albertson's plaza with an unassuming "Vietnamese Food" sign on top. The service here is minimal, a sign of a true asian restaurant in my book. However, they've done a great job decorating with red umbrellas on the ceiling and photos of Vietnam on the walls. The food is fresh. Its not that greasy/sweet americanized flavor. I had the Pho Tai which had a surprising kick to it, and I tried some of my dad's chow fun noodles which were amazing. Prices are really cheap too!
4	I've enjoyed lunch, dinner, and take-out from Noodles Ranch, so I finally feel ready to write my review...The service is always attentive and Alan (who has been my waiter every time) is more than willing to make recommendations for me.  I've had the following dishes and highly recommend any and all of them:A2 - Goi Cuon Thit Tom - Spring rolls - the kind that are not fried - I get them with shrimp / no pork and they are delicious and light!A5 - Banh Xeo - Crispy Happy Pancake - unique flavor - tastes like an egg crepe... great if you are seeking something different!M4 - Yakisoba mi xao - a tasty yakisoba noodle dish with veggies and your choice of meatT2 - Bombay Veggies - Wok stir-fried tofu and veggies with curry coconut sauceB3 - Stir-fried mixed veggies - just a side order but perfect to fill your veggie minimum for the day!R4 - Thit xao rau xanh - another veggie and rice dishBasically, you cannot go wrong at Noodles Ranch... I can't wait to get back there soon to try the Pho - it looks pho-nominal!This is another go-to place in the new hood; just make a mental note - they are closed on Mondays!
4	Last Saturday my boyfriend and I discovered the Noodles Ranch (that's what she said!) The Noodles Ranch is located on the Southeast corner of Thomas and Scottsdale Road in the Albertson's shopping center. From the outside it looks much like any other strip mall - hole - in -the -wall restaurant but from he inside it's quite apparent that this restaurant has a lot more character than most. The decor is what you would expect from a Vietnamese restaurant but with a more modern and upscale twist. The music that was playing while we dined was extremely relaxing and made the experience that much more pleasant. I was even really impressed with the presentation of the food and the dishware. I love the dishes that look (even if they aren't) hand glazed with deep rich blue hues (with all their bubbly imperfections). The food itself was extremely satisfying as well. Both my boyfriend and I shared an egg roll appetizer (we debated between this and the spring rolls which also sounded quite tempting). The egg rolls came with fresh lettuce (to wrap them in) along with freshly chopped carrots, cucumbers, sprouts, a special sauce with a bit of a tang to it. For the main course we both ordered a bowl of the chicken Pho with broccoli and bok choy. Pure deliciousness. I'm a huge fan of Pho and often go to Saigon Nites up in Scottsdale with my coworkers every couple weeks but I thought Noodles Ranch offered a product that was far superior (especially with the slight twist to such a traditional plate with the addition of bok choy and broccoli). The appetizer wasn't much more than $5.95 and the bowls of soup themselves were about $7-8. An overall very good value for all the food you get. The bowls of Pho were HUGE but I did notice on the menu that you can add more noodles (the restaurant namesake) for $1.00. I was also feeling a bit under the weather that day and I think Pho was just what I needed to clear out the sinuses. Nothing a bit of chili paste, hoisin sauce, and some steeping jalapeno peppers can't cure! I will definitely be keeping this place in mind next time I'm in the mood for a quick bite of asian cuisine, and it's so close to my house!
3	if you love dropping large amounts of cash and getting appetizer sized portions, then this is your place.  very cool artsy asian-fusion decor, the owners are very attractive and welcoming.  food tastes great and you won't be stuffed to the gills or bored with eating the same thing all night.  it reminds me of the sample carts at costco haha.go there if you want to look cool in a stylish place ;)
3	Lots of options but not the best of it's kind.  Fast enough for lunch and fair priced.
3	Three doors down from Just Relax.  After a soothing 45 minute foot massage I carried the Asian theme to Noodles Ranch.  Cool interior with blue walls, upside down red umbrellas and old photographs of Vietnam.  Since this was my first visit I opted for the $7.50 lunch special with a pot sticker, a green salad and stir fried chicken with peanuts plus added a pot of hot Jasmine Tea for another $2.  Attentive service and good value but average quality food.  The stir fry vegetables were hot and tasty but I was not impressed with the texture of the chicken.  I would have preferred all white meat.Next time I get a foot massage I will try ordering from the menu.  On my visit there there were  quite a few patrons who seemed to know what they wanted.  Hence, the need to venture away from specials and go with the good karma from the foot massage.
2	Ok spring rolls, slivers of glass in my cup, and Pho with two chopsticks full of noodles in it. Wow! The standard for Vietnamese food is low in scottsdale. Why, why, why.
5	Love this place.A low key, local spot to get some authentic Vietnamese.  Not sure why there are such harsh complaints posted here.  I've been to the restaurant several times and the food/service/price have been spot on!  Even though it's called the "noodle" ranch, I usually get spring rolls and some entree... I am not one of those that judges Vietnamese spots by the Pho alone.  I've ordered their Pho and i've enjoyed, but there is much more on the menu to try.  The Thai Tea could be a bit sweeter/richer -- but maybe it's a good thing not to guzzle down liquid sugar.P.S To the poster who claims their broth is bland: You can let the waiter know if you want extra heat ;)
3	We got some tasty take out from Noodles Ranch. The decor of the restaurant is cute and interesting and while we waited for our food I entertained myself with one of their free magazines. The staff is friendly and happy to give recomendations. We started out with the pot stickers and they were some of the best I have ever had. The sauce was tangy yet not over powering. Next I had a seafood curry. I have to admit that I haven't had that many currys solo I'm not sure I was into the flavors. I'm sure that it was prepared well but I just am not sure I'm a curry person. Overall a good experience!
4	Rolled the dice one day and stopped in for lunch - payed off, big time.They have great Vietnamese soups and vermicelli noodle bowls.  Family run place - nice people.  The owner has a cook book he co-authored on display at the front too - I'd like to try my hand at some soup one day.The chocolate lava cake is most excellent.
4	Vietnamese food is so comforting and Noodles Ranch has never failed me in the value/meal size ratio so I think they deserve a solid 4 stars. I just had my second take out lunch from NR yesterday, a huge order of Pho (P7 with broccoli and bok choy, $1 extra for tofu) that I wasn't even able to finish. When you order take out the Pho comes in a styrofoam cup, the sprouts, jalapeno, basil, siracha and lime are in a baggy, and the noodles and tofu are in the takeout box. I had to separate about half of the broth out of the cup because it was filled to the brim and there was no room for the other goodies. Then I went to work adding all my treats and created a massive pho that was just spicy enough with the little cup of siracha. No I will say that the siracha has some brown sauce mixed in, like soy sauce or something with high sugar (fish sauce?). I wasn't wild about the sweetness that lingered because of that. What more can I say? It filled and warmed my belly, burned my esophagus and staved off my 'i haven't eaten lately' crankiness.
5	I drove from Cave Creek to the Noodle Ranch, in search of good Vietnamese food, and I was not disappointed.  I got take out and brought it all the way home and thoroughly enjoyed it.  Very fresh and delicious.  Good size portions doesn't hurt either!
5	Without a doubt, Noodles Ranch does the best, and highest quality, pho in Phoenix. The staff is great, the atmosphere is clean and welcoming and the food is cooked to perfection every time.
5	This place is awesome....The nicest husband and wife staff...Very clean and tastefully decorated..casual and comfortable atmosphere..The food is great, my favorite is the Pho p6. along with the crispy eggrolls.  Try this place, you will love it. They go out of their way to accomodate you if you call ahead..
3	The Pho is pretty tasty and so are the spring rolls. I have to say that everything was pretty good for a pho place in scottsdale. The prices are a lot higher than I am used to at almost double what I normally spend on Pho but I guess its just Scottsdale for ya. I would go here on days where I don't have time on my breaks to make it over to my usual spot. Just have to save up for the week to do so though. Or maybe if someone else pays lol. I fly you buy?
4	Thank you Yelp!!  Another awesome road trip find while passing through Scottsdale.  You know you found a gem when after you find them on Yelp, you rock up and they have a "People Love us on Yelp" sticker in the window.The food was great and really affordable (coming from California).  The pho was good and I loved the veggie spring rolls. They we fresh, minty and light and we were served a good portion.  Wish I lived in the area to go back and see what they were like on a regular basis.
5	No brown sauce out of a can here--as found in too many Asian restaurants.  Homemade meals with sauces that taste like they are made from the juices of the ingredients. I've had the Pho w/shrimp(the stock is delicious), the Curry Seafood w/rice, the Crispy Eggrolls and the Mango Chicken. Thumbs way up for all four. The Spring rolls are good but have too much lettuce.   Best Asian food in Phoenix for the price.
4	The appetizer selection is quite good and ever entree I've had has been flavorful, fresh, and enjoyable. The shrimp & sweet potato tempura is one of the best I've ever had and the noodle dishes and the spicy beef salad is excellent. This restaurant has been a favorite of my family's for quite a while and the only thing keeping them from being a 5-star rating is the occasionally quiet atmosphere and the slightly higher cost for some of their entrees. The service and quality of the food remain top notch.
4	Mmmmm!! Ran across this little place and decided to stop in with the bestie for a some veggies and noodles! I'm a big fan of cute little whole in the wall places so this was right up my alley =). It was so good we decided to go twice in a period of 3 days! If we lived in Scottsdale, that would totally be the spot!! Enjoy!
3	Being from California, I am pretty snob when it comes to Vietnamese foods.  Noodles Ranch could be the best one in Scottsdale, but it's ok by my CA standard.   Price was pretty decent, and settings are beautiful!
5	I have been going here since they opened a few years back and have NEVER once been disappointed.  Everything is super fresh and they are the nicest people ever.  I am glad to see this place thriving.My favorite is the old reliable Pho Tai.  I also love getting the crispy eggrolls.  They come with lettuce, cucumber, carrots, basil and mint to create little eggroll burritos...  Man I am hungry!Even if you order your food to go, they take extra care to pack everything nice and when you get home it is as good as you would have in the restaurant!My first review and I chose Noodles Ranch, that has got to say something!
4	Every now and then my Vietnamese side craves for PHO...are you surprised!?  Noodle Ranch is my local Pho joint.  I can literally walk to this place :)  Okay, the Pho Tai is great here....I got the combination once and it wasn't as good.  I love the decor here lots and lots of old photos of Vietnam.  Service is always good here and I've been here when their busy and when it's slow.  If you need a Pho fix I would definitely recommend this place!
5	Don't let the strip center location at Thomas and Scottsdale roads fool you, Noodles Ranch serves outstanding, fresh Vietnamese food. I've been going there for over a year now, at least twice weekly. I always order the crispy egg rolls with fresh greens. Yummy, yummy, yummy! I never seem to get sick and tired of it. The Pho soups are all delightful and full of flavor. I can honestly say, after eating nearly every item on the menu, you can't go wrong with a majority of the dishes. The Jasmine iced tea is also a winner. Plus, the owners, Andre and Noel, always come by and chat. Noodles Ranch is a winner!
4	What a great neighborhood family owned place!!  The spring rolls are very fresh and delicious.  The Pho is amazing...when i am sick it always makes me feel better.  I get brisket only Pho :)  The brisket is a little more tasty than sirloin.  The pork fried rice is tasty! and healthy portions!  Tamarind soda is nice quench thirster... if you have never had it or heard of it... its a must!  The service is a little relaxed but very courteous and nice.  Only downfall is they do not serve alcohol and they close a little early...8:30pm.
5	Amazing Pho at this place, which we discovered by accident in a strip mall.  Don't let the location fool you - this is totally worth it. I find myself craving their pho a few times a week!
5	I am glad that Noodles Ranch is my very first review.  I absolutely LOVE their Pho Soups.  A five star ratting is exactly what this restaurant deserves.  Very unassuming location, humble service and owners, but extraordinary Pho.  There was one week that I ate lunch at Pho EVERY day.  It is just that good and I can never seem to get enough.  I highly recommend Pho for the food, service, and atmosphere.  Comfort food at its finest.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat.  The food is delicious, fresh and almost everything can be made with tofu as a substitute.  The owners are very friendly and the food truly is superb!
3	The food was okay. I'd go back just because it's on the few vietnamese joints close by where i'm staying.*edit*I went there the next day, and instead of packing up my leftovers to go like I asked, the waitress threw it away. Knowing this had happened already, the waitress still kept the extra rice I ordered to go (to eat with my leftovers) in the check. I was definitely irritated that they didn't at least offer to replace what they threw away or at least just taken out the extra rice I ordered immediately. I don't know if I'd come back again.
5	I figured I should write this while I'm still full of Pho. My husband and I are able to meet here for lunch, as it's in between our two work locations. Noodles Ranch is simply the best lunch compromise ever. The service is friendly, spot-on and I've never been disappointed with the food. Quite the opposite, I'm ecstatic over it. Even while I'm sitting here full, I'm thinking of the leftover Pho I'm going to have for dinner tonight. Delicious!
5	So my boyfriend had been talking about this place and finally took me, and I was a bit iffy because I am quite picky about any asian food, for I've had some bad experiences...I did have pho from another Vietnamese restaurant and it was ok, pretty much flavorless, but I tried it from here and I totally fell in love. I'd be the happiest if I could eat here everyday...They also have the best egg rolls i've ever had in my life..not to mention the customer service is great!This is the cleanest and just yummiest(if that was a word) Pho place ever.:)
5	This is a great place if you want a good home-style cooked meal on a limited budget.  The food is fresh and very good.  Their Pho Ga with added veggies is my favorite here.  They also have good spring rolls.
3	i've eaten here before and wasn't overly impressed. we stopped in last night after a long day of moving furniture. the interior is clean and tidy and the service is great.she had the tuna and i had the salmon, both "done up" vietnamese style. but both of our fish dishes were dry and sort of....lacking in taste except for the large amounts of various sauces. the veggie potstickers were tasty though. we probably won't hit this place again, but you may have better luck.
4	Noodles Ranch is run by Andre, a friendly Vietnamese gentleman who gets to know all of his regulars. The food is very good, and the pricing is very reasonable for the quality and portion size received. My wife and her family are all Vietnamese (and excellent Vietnamese cooks) and they eat here regularly. Andre is not trying to create a high-end Vietnamese experience such as Slanted Door in San Francisco, but rather a reasonably priced family restaurant that people will visit several times a month. His pho is quite good (although it loses something when purchased for takeout), and I always recommend the bun dishes, and also like the eggrolls. Noodles Ranch is a great Vietnamese family restaurant with friendly staff and good healthy food. I warmly recommend it for the quality and the value.
3	I "Go For The Pho." Opted for the "Sirloin and Brisket Pho" as it was recommended in the many reviews I read. Very nice broth, not as robust as I might like but nice flavor with lots of noodles, sirloin and brisket. Will go back eventually to try the "Seafood Pho" as it looked terrific on someone else's table. Bowls of Pho were priced at $7.50Spring Rolls were excellent, translucent but much too much (6 of them) for one person.
4	Went for a quick lunch to try this place out with Jessica F.  The restaurant is conveniently located very close to my office.  Yes,  I'll admit I was a little apprehensive of their strip mall location; one would think after living in AZ for a while I would know that strip mall restaurants can be good.  This is some of the best Vietnamese I have tried in Arizona! We ordered the spring rolls, which were made with shrimp, pork and just a touch of fresh mint.  I also ordered the Chow fun which was a very hearty portion of wide rice noodles stir fried with chicken and vegetables in a light sauce.  The service was very quick and attentive as well, our server was very nice and suggested my dish.  I will definitely go back to Noodles Ranch again!
4	Let me just put it out there that I'm devoted to Da Vang, but I really liked Noodles Ranch! I love the spring rolls here, they're very fresh and loaded with mint - just the way I like them! I think I prefer the Bun at Da Vang though, since the rice noodles are skinnier (I'm just weird about the width of my noodles though) and their dipping sauce is a little different. The beef at Noodle Ranch was really tasty, well marinated, the portions were really hearty.The restaurant is small and really well decorated and the staff was fantastic and really attentive. I'll be back again to check out the Pho sometime!
3	I had the lunch special and fusion ginger limeade.  The chicken stir fry was pretty good and the vegetables weren't overcooked like most places, but the limeade seemed a bit watered down.The prices are awesome and service is great.  Next time I'll get the pho like other yelpers are recommending.
2	I met my girls here for lunch one Friday and man was it packed! I have been in this strip mall a couple of times and never noticed this place. One of my friends wanted came for the "Pho" which everyone seems to be raving about. I was not in a soup kinda mood so I decided to order the half of sandwich and salad lunch special. The sandwich was just ok, it was grilled chicken on some sort of wheat roll, and some sauce that tasted a little off, the best part of the meal was the cilantro on the sandwich and my salad, whatever kind of dressing they used was delicious. The service was extremely slow good thing we were not in a rush; it appeared as though they weren't prepared for the rush of people that came in for lunch. My friend loved her Pho of course so I decided that the next time I eat here I will have to try this Pho everyone keeps talking about.
4	My coworkers and I go to Noodles Ranch at least once per month and every dish I have had here has been quite good.  The prices are reasonable, the service is good and we can get in and out in a reasonable amount of time for lunch.
4	Yes, I came to Noodles Ranch for a rushed lunch a few weeks back.  It was really good and I wished I had more time to spend here.I ordered the cashew chicken curry lunch special with a Thai iced coffee.  Everything wasgood, again I had to go to the counter and pay before they could even bring me the check, but I was impressed with this place and I'll gladly return!
3	Yet another restaurant that makes me wish there was a two and a half star category.... there really needs to be an "adequate" rating that lies between two star "I've had better" and three star "A-OK."  We had pho and banh xeo.  The pho was adequate but not outstanding.  The banh xeo was mediocre at best and quite expensive for what you're actually getting.Not a lot to say about it really.  Fine if you're in the neighborhood and craving a bowl of pho and don't feel like driving to Chandler for better food.
5	The best Vietnamese I have ever had. Very authentic menu (not even in English). Great service and knowledgeable staff. The ambiance is lackluster, but this is typical with Vietnamese food. Great for dining in quickly or taking home.
4	I've been under the weather the last few days and all I have been wanting is some yummy Pho.  Saigon Nights is too far north for me, so I decided to try this place since it is close to where I live.  For the last two nights, I have ordered the Chicken Pho for takeout and both nights it has been delicious!   A flavorful broth that's not too salty.  I also had the Arizona Fried Rice, which was excellent.  A little oily, but that's what makes fried rice so good.  I ordered it because it did not have peas in it - can't stand peas!  I will definitely go back to Noodles Ranch!
5	I'll give a carryout spot 1 star for doing at least these two things:1. Being located directly on my current route2. Serving edible foodThis place passed those simple requirements and then blew my socks off, so they get the other four stars too.  Chow Main was great and not too greasy or heavy. Pho soup was exactly what I expected and the fried green beans were a nice finishing touch. I'm looking forward to working my way through the rest of the menu, from what I've read you can't go wrong.
4	I really dig this place!  But I have to say, every 3rd or 4th visit to this restraunt is a miss.  Not sure why- but it is most of the time spot on.  I love the Pho- but the noodle dishes are what is off.  Either way, the owners are super sweet and nice and it usually is never too busy.  Service is good, carry out is great as well.  Just be careful in the noodle dish category, becuase if your really hungry, (in my experience) it may miss the mark.  Order pho to be safe!
5	I have been going to this place for a few years. They made a point to know my name and it gives me the warm and fuzzies! I would say everything is good except I am not a fan of cold spring rolls. I love the presentation of the pho...you get a friggen salad to make your own little creation. The mango chicken is awesome and something I crave often. They make a great Mango spicy shrimp salad that rocks with a little kick. And their Chicken fried rice has ruined me for so many others. It is so good that I can't eat it anywhere else! Great for Carryout or dine in.
3	ok, several veggie options, sauces seem to be premade/jarred rather than fresh. check the "specials" board for items not on the menu, though they never change.
4	Ordered some takeout, and their pho was really great! Having just moved from New York City, the Asian food hasn't exactly been the same, but this place seems pretty authentic. Great flavors in their pho..tried the seafood and the chicken/broccoli/bok choy one. Definitely recommend!
5	Excellent Vietnamese fusion dishes for a great price!
4	It was a cold night and since it was my choice of dining out, I selected this restaurant 'cause we both love Vietnamese food. We started with the spring rolls with shrimp and pork. It took them a while to bring it out. Don't know if they had just made them or what. It hit the spot. We followed that with Pho...wife  had P2 - Pho Tai, lean sirloing and I had P8 Pho Hai San, seafood which had couple of shrimp, mussels, calamari and scallops. The PHO hit the spot and wife took home the rest of her PHO for her lunch the next day.If this restaurant wasn't so far away, I would frequent it more often.
5	Time for an update to my original review!Since trying this place a few months ago, I have been back SEVERAL times (I am on my second Loyal Customer Card).  I seriously must get take out from here at least once a week.  The Chicken Pho is still scrumptious and delightful and I crave it quite often.  The staff is so friendly too!  Noodles Ranch is a gem in the desert so stop by and try them soon.
3	Noodles Ranch is a nice little place that most people in the valley complain doesn't exist.  But if you look, you'll find out there's plenty of them.My girlfriend and I ordered take out from here last Friday night. Ordering from Noodles Ranch is great. The menu (which is easy to find online) has a simple letter and number code. I know this may sound uncultured, but since I cannot pronounce the names of most Vietnamese foods, I like this. We had the A7-Grilled Salmon Salad Rolls. Fantastic. The Tamarind dipping sauce was a little too hot for my girlfriend, but perfect for me. We also ordered the M2-Pho lon xao / Chow Fun (with chicken) and M1-Mi xao / Chow Mein (with chicken). Both meals were good, very similar, just differently prepared noodles. I do feel a little guilty about only three stars. The food is really good, not priced too bad, but it's not all that filling. Even after finishing a starter and our meals, I still had a craving for something more (guess we should've ordered a dessert). The wait for the food was also pretty long. We were told on the phone that it take about a half hour. We arrived a little less than 30 minutes later, and still waited in the restaurant for a good 10 minutes. The staff was very accommodating, and let us sit at a table while waiting, and apologized many times for the wait. I really want to try this place again, maybe the dine-in experience will up it to four stars.
5	Noodles ranch always delivers.  The best Pho and all the dishes I've tried are delicious and healthy.  Have to try the green beans, coconut water, and thai iced tea.  Spring Rolls are amazing.  Definitely have to try.
5	I think noodles ranch is truly awesome Vietnamese food.  It's a small menu, but everything is well done, and it is probably the only place you can find vegetarian pho with a meatless stock.If you're looking for cheap Vietnamese, there are definitely cheaper places.  If you're looking for a place that is clean, friendly and good, this is a great choice.  I typically eat here once a week.
5	I stopped in for lunch while in the area and fell in love! I'm always searching for great noodle places, and this one fits the bill! I wanted to try everything on the menu, but settled for chicken chow fun noodles and a half order of fresh spring rolls. Both were amazing! I loved that the noodles came packed full of crunchy veggies-My favorite! The broccoli, sprouts, onions and bok choi were phenomenal! Even their iced tea tasted amazing! I only wished I lived closer to this gem!
3	The food is pretty good but the service is a little slow. I would come here again for the bun which was excellent and the best I have had so far. The spring rolls were okay but I have had better at other places. The Pho was decent but they did not have limes, only lemons, even though on the menu it says limes. I am starting to be of the opinion I need to start bringing my own limes into places since this seems to be a recurring theme. The portions were very large and left plenty to either take home or to just share amongst friends. I like the decor inside with the photos from Vietnam. The staff, even though the service is slow, is very friendly and helpful. Overall, a solid place that I would visit again.
4	I have been to noodle ranch once so far, food was great, fast, cheap and fresh. Place was a bit dead for Sat at lunch but since it is right down from LoLo's chicken and waffles I can understand it. People go for the 'hip' not necessarily the best food.No question about it, I will be back again and again.
5	My coworker introduced me to tjis place and I was so glad she did its fabulous!! I got the chicken curry with rice noodles its on their blackboard...i love.to add lots of siracha sauce b/c I love spicy...we also hot yje crispy spring rolls and it was so good!! The jasmine iced tea is the perfect refreshing drink to go with it...its just a great place that has good authentic vietnamese cuisine YUM!!
5	$7 chicken Pho is a good price in Scottsdale!  The Pho was delicious and I am a bit of a Pho snob as I eat it every week.  They even added Bok Choy to my chicken pho for 75 cents more and it was excellent.  Good service and atmosphere.  Family run business....mom and dad at the counter and looks like a daughter waiting tables.  Very friendly...definitely going back here next week!
4	My boyfriend developed quite the pho addiction over the past year while visiting me in CA. I thought it would be cool to try some AZ pho, but it was easier said than done as there are probably more pho restaurants in one block in Westminster than all of Arizona. Fortunately we had a good experience at Noodles Ranch (despite the awful name). My pork and eggroll bun was quite good and the pork was well seasoned. The pho broth was also delicious and the bf said they were generous with the meat. The ginger limeade was pretty mild and could have used more of kick. I had to dock one star because my Viet friends have trained me well that Vietnamese food should be pretty cheap. Compared to LA prices, I think Noodles Ranch is $1.50 to $2 overpriced. But since this is the first good Asian restaurant I've been to in Phoenix, I will happily pay $7.50 to eat pho on a 95 degree day.
4	This has become my go to place for Pho.  The food is usually really good, but I wish it would be more consistent.  There have been times when I have gotten the Pho or Bun Bo Hue and it was so fresh and flavorful, and then times where the flavor was lacking.  Last time I was at Noodles the owner and chef was there and it seems that perhaps on the days he is working, the food is much better than when he is not.Also, the owner/chef is aware of the needs of those who must eat gluten-free, so even if it does not say so on the menu, the owner/chef is able to make modifications to many items on the menu to accommodate those who need to eat gluten-free. Not sure if these modifications are possible however, when the chef/owner is not there.
5	Given my consistently good experiences with the food here, Noodles deserved an extra star.  It's pretty much as god as it gets for Vietnamese in the Scottsdale/Tempe area, and I think the Pho is better than Pho Thanh's (which is inconsistent too).  But, it seems like Noodles is getting more consistent with their Pho.  Also, had a chance to try some other things on their menu and glad to report that I have yet to have anything I didn't think tasted great. But I am a bit reluctant about the gluten free recommendations now.  Recently tried the Pho lon xao, which was recommended as gluten-free.  I was somewhat hesitant since there is black bean sauce involved and these kinds of sauces are often made with wheat.  It tasted great, but about a hour after I left the restaurant I was having some reactions.  But I'm not positive if it was the Pho lon xao or maybe something else I ate earlier.  So, can't say for sure...but I will find out.
5	Stopped in for a quick lunch with a friend.  Tried the pho lon xao again and was again assured that it was gluten-free.  But, again about an hour later (now), I'm having some not so good reactions.  I can't be positive that it is the pho lon xao, but I don't think I will be ordering it from now on just to be on the safe side.  But in any case, I will still be heading to Noodles to satisfy my cravings for pho, spring rolls, and papaya salad.
4	My husband and I ate here yesterday and we were pleasantly surprised! The food was very fresh and delicious. Portions and prices are decent. We will probably eat here again.
4	The name of this place is a little odd to me but I came here anyway for dinner with my daughter.  I enjoyed the delicious food and the quick service. Loved the summer rolls and the saigon bun. Didn't try the pho yet because it's just too hot for soup right now.  Everything looked and tasted freshly made with lots of salad greens accompanying both our appetizers and entree. The service was quick and very polite. I'd love to come here again. The atmosphere was low-key and although the restaurant was full, it wasn't noisy at all. The kitchen is open so you hear all the pots and pans rattling around and the kitchen staff will get loud sometimes but overall it was a comfortable place to eat, almost like eating at home.
4	Tried this the other day.  It was very tasty.  I didn't know it was Vietnamese at first by the name.  I was hoping for all sorts of different noodle dishes so that was slightly disappointing but I go some good pho and was very happy with it.  I had to add some spicy to it though which I thought made it better but it's a good price for a very sizable portion.  Great choice is you're looking for some good pho and are in the area.
5	This place is really a gem. The food is always great and really fresh.  Awesome choices for vegetarians too.
5	As far as Vietnamese food is concerned, this is by far the best that we've found in the Phoenix area.  We've tried a few different dishes, all of which were great, but judging by the quality of what we've gotten, it seems to be the kind of place where one could safely order just about anything on the menu and not be disappointed.  Our favorite items are the veggie spring rolls and the vegetarian Pho with tofu.  The spring rolls are made of tofu, cucumber, bean sprouts, and mint wrapped in rice paper.  The ingredients are so fresh and delicious and there's just the right amount of mint to add the necessary flavor to set these veggie spring rolls apart from so many others.  They're served with a peanut hoisin sauce and we like to add a bit of the red chili sauce to it to give it a bit of spice. The Pho (item P7 on the menu) is so flavorful and in addition to the rice noodles, has baby bok choy and broccoli in it.  It's served with a plate of bean sprouts, thai basil, cilantro, jalepenos, and lime and is some of the best Pho that we've ever had.  It's certainly telling that the restaurant is busy even when we go for a late lunch at 2pm.  If you're looking for excellent Vietnamese food, this is definitely a place that you shouldn't miss!
4	Pho-King Delish! My boyfriend and I found this place on Yelp yesterday. It was so good that we ate here again today. We've tried the Chicken & Broccoli Pho and the Beef Pho and both were amazing. Only critique here is that the service is just a tad slow. Other than that, Noodles Ranch is a hit in my book!
4	A great place for pho in south Scottsdale, of which before this place it was severely lacking.  They have many other dishes besides this prized Vietnamese dish, but why pass up on a specialty?  Their choices within the pho category were smaller than most places I've been to but every choice is primed with great ingredients.  My favorite one so far...chicken, broccoli and baby bok choy, never found such a combination elsewhere and I search for it constantly.  I must say that the seafood pho has much to be desired as the mussels are either over or undercooked and wash out the delicate broth flavor.If you end up with a sweet tooth afterward, try the 3-color dessert, it's something to say you've had at least once with sweet beans and green gelatin coated in sweetened milk and ice.  It's delicious and enough for two to share.
4	Best Pho you're gonna find! Amazing and fresh as ever.
5	Best vietnamese ever. Outstanding service. Owners even remember their regular customers names.
4	I guess I just don't give stripmall restaurants enough credit.  Noodles Ranch is fantastic.  I love Pho, and theirs is great.  The owner/chef even has his own cookbook available there for sale (that's a good sign!).The spring rolls are also delish, and the mango salad is worth a try if you're looking for something refreshing.
4	I love Noodles Ranch! I was skeptical at first, because the name is so campy and silly! hahahaha. Any way... I only get take out, because I am not a huge fan of the sit down service. It seems like they only ever have one server working, and it kind of takes forever. But the food is delish, so take out it is!
1	Terrible pho. The broth was bitter. Tai meat was overcooked not tai at all. The place was nicely decorated and waiter was friendly. If you do go here, have something other than pho.
2	Ok this was my third try and the last.  The first two times I went for pho at lunch.  Both times the service was abysmal (nobody is going to convince me I should have to wait 20 min for pho) and my pho ga was MEH (I believe that was beef broth in my ga-LAZY).  This time I got crispy rolls and BBQ pork vermicelli and the service was markedly improved.  The crispy rolls were the best I have ever had and I loved the fresh fixings that came with them.  I love spicy food but found it odd that their fish sauce is spicy.  I've eaten at lots of Vietnamese places in silicon valley and the fish sauce was always sweet.  The pork was severely overcooked.  Most pieces were the consistency of jerky; some were so hard I couldn't tear them in half with my fingers. If this is authentic Vietnamese, I'll take the Americanized version where my fish sauce is sweet and the meats are tender and juicy, thank you very much!
5	I am a fan of amazing noodles and fun fusion dishes, so when a friend of mine told me about this place being his favorite joint and invited me to go, I jumped on it like white on rice. Noodles Ranch is located in the Bashas complex on Thomas and Scottsdale Rd. next to LoLo's! Twofer! I am so glad I can come to one place to get my foodie on hardcore. Upon walking up, nothing much to see, there are basic booths and tables with a casual Eastern theme going on. We sat in a booth and the owner said hello upon recognizing my friend from his innumerable visits there. I looked at the menu and gawked at the prices that are easy on the wallet... I then asked my buddy what he recommends. I like everything Vietnamese, so it's a tough call for me to choose. I was in the mood for a veggie dish of some sort. He said the Goi Ga was fantastic-- a cool, zesty chicken salad: shredded white meat with cabbage, carrot, mint, chopped peanut and chili lime dressing. I couldn't even look at anything else. Done. Ordered. My buddy ordered the Bun Thet Nuong: Grilled garlic pork and vermicelli along with veggies. They both arrived quickly. I could eat this salad every day. There is nothing wrong with it, it is c'est magnifique! Perfect combination of peanut and light citrus with fresh greens and plenty of chicken. The Bun was juicy and tender and rich in flavor. I wish I could order five dishes at one time here, but that seemed excessive.  I am excited to continue coming here for the prices, flavors and service! I hope it continues to flourish!
5	Scottsdale used to bill itself decades ago as Western Town USA, or Cowboy Town USA or something like that, to convey a clean, wholesome, western spirit to itself, and bring in tourists to see it's, well, Western-ness. Not surprisingly, Scottsdale was built, grew, and expanded on old ranch lands, and the names of them are still in the buildings and developments off Scottsdale Road. McCormick Ranch....Gainey Ranch.....Noodles Ranch......Wait a minute Noodles Ranch?Huh? Have you lost your Noodle?No, actually, I found it!At Noodles Ranch, off Scottsdale Road! This Vietnamese restaurant has been here for 6 years, not long after I left the Valley of the Sun in 2004 back to California. If it was here back when i was, I would have been a regular! Unlike the divey Viet diners of San Jose or Westminster, where decor is dominated by plain tables and standard issue stackable red chairs, and service is by a grumpy old Viet dude who doesn't speak English or smile, Noodles Ranch is perfect for Snotsdale, er Scottsdale.It has a very pleasant decor of painted walls, tasteful artistic symbols of Vietnam artwork, large red, hanging upside down paper umbrellas,  4 cooling ceiling fans, a decorated cashier counter in front of the kitchen, and better quality table and chairs than their Little Saigon counterparts. Scottsdale prefers looks  over substance, so it likes nice decor in favor of good food, as exampled by the many large, formula restaurants with million dollar decors but mediocre food. And remember, PF Chang's, that popular faux Chinese chain, the epitome of Decor upstaging Taste, was started right here in the Valley  of the Sun. So seeing the tasteful decor, and seeing all the non-Vietnamese in the restaurant, kept my expectations very low on the food taste-o-meter. But I was pleasantly surprised! Now I lost count, but this is close to the 100th different Vietnamese restaurant i have eaten in all over the country in the past 4 years! (see my Wanugee! lists for Pho and Vietnamese for details.)So I have tasted good and bad and everything in between. And granted, I was starving from not eating all day, and here it is 7:00pm. But when I ordered Cha Gio (egg rolls), the 6 little crispy rolls came out beautifully plated on a large, quality made and decorative platter, and unlike most orders for this in those dives, which usually come out on a plain little white saucer plate by themselves, here, they were accompanied by several large leaves of romaine lettuce, pickled and julienned slices of cucumber and carrots, sprouts, basil leaves, cilantro and of course Nuoc Mam (fish sauce) to dip them. Now most of the customers in here at the time would have dipped the rolls into the sauce, and probably poured the leftover sauce over the veggies, mixed them, and eaten them like a salad. If this were PF Changs, that is what they probably would suggest. But I took the leafy lettuce, put an egg roll on top of it, and sampled the veggie ingredients on top of that, rolled up the lettuce, and dipped all of that fresh tasty goodness into the Nuoc Mam. This is much like how you might eat many other Vietnamese dishes in a Vietnamese restaurant, be it Nem Nuong, Banh Xeo, or even parts of Bo Bay Mon. So I was impressed and happy with the refreshing mix of fresh veggies, crispy rolls and tasty fish sauce exploding into my mouth! Loved it!So I figured that was for show, however, to impress the Low Fan (outsiders) with a $5.95 fancy appetizer, with Scottsdale pizzazz. Mais, au contraire mon frere! The Pho Tai Nam ($7.50) I ordered was very good! I always try the broth first, and this broth had a very rich, complex flavor! Perhaps a little sweet for the Low Fan, but very beefy, savory, and not too mucked up with masking ingredients to distract from the true flavor. The meat pieces were whole and higher quality than most I have had, with good tenderness. I had to ask for the separate condiment dish, where I mix the half Hoisin and half Sriracha, to dip my meat into, so as not to destroy the flavor of the broth. I was smiling after this meal! I even called up my Viet friend in San Jose, who could tell I was smiling over the phone, which they usually only notice after I have had good, authentic Japanese sushi or tasty and cheap KBBQ!I would recommend this place highly! It is a little more expensive than those $5.50 bowl dives on the coast, but the decor and quality of food, and the service from the owner, all combine to make a quality experience. They offer all the usual Viet diner foods, like Goi Du Du, Goi Cuon, Mi, Com, Bun, Bun Bo Hue, etc. They also offer two of my faves I will have to try another time, Banh Xeo (crispy pancake) and Canh Chua (sweet-sour lemongrass soup).  So this is perfect for Scottsdale, with the nice decor, but with the added bonus of tasty, quality food! They even play smooth jazz, something you would find in another Scottsdale staple - the SPA!
2	I'm a New Yorker, I have high standard in Vietnamese food. The pho wan't good at all. Spring roll not fresh. Not recommended.
4	From the first time we visited, I have been impressed with this restaurant. Pho places are not common in our neck of the woods and I am very happy we have found one that serves great food and provides good service.While pho itself usually has beef broth in it, the owner has been happy to make ours "veggie"--vegetable broth, noodles, herbs and vegetables. Delicious! Soup does the body (and soul) good and it is definite comfort food for me. The veggie spring rolls are also very good. We've never had bad service here and until something drastic changes, we will be frequent customers at this little strip mall joint.
2	SKIMPY portions on the pho! Especially since we ordered veggies only. We found two pieces of broccoli and even less baby bok choy. They charged $1 xtra for tofu to $7 bowl of non meat pho... Kind of a rip off!  Bad pho in Scottsdale!
5	Love this place!!! Their canh chuah with fish is the best thing on the menu (maybe the best thing in the world), but everything is good! And the owner Andre is a sweetheart. One of my very favorite restaurants in Phoenix.
5	My daughter and I both had Pho - I had the P1 Combination (all the usuals including tripe brisket & meatballs), my daughter had the P3, sirloin brisket. The broth was delicious & fragrant, my meats all tender & tasty - tripe is not always tender, but here, it was! I had the fresh Ginger Limeade, just right. And we then shared a coffee/chocolate creme brulee. I wish we had ordered one for each of us!  This is the first time I've been in a Vietnamese restaurant with good French-influenced desserts, although having been to Saigon I know that it's entirely possible.I had often passed by Noodles Ranch on my way to LoLo's 2 doors down, had no idea what a fantastic pho cafe it is. Clean room with a spacious contemporary feel, nice young waiter. I thought the pho portion size was just right. Will be back soon now that it's "winter". I'm glad I don't have to drive all the way down to Mesa or Chandler for good Vietnamese food!
4	As a vietnamese food lover, the pho soup of this place seems a little bit modified to me. Not a huge fan. But Their Bun is very tasty. Love it!
5	Great food. I am into "man-food" such as un-healthy bar food like, pizza, wings, and burgers. My wife is from China and loves authentic Asian cuisine; Noodles Ranch satisfies both of us for sure!
3	A friend/co-worker had been trying to talk me into going to Noodle Ranch for months.  Especially since I had gotten pregnant and had experienced a few weeks worth of morning (all day long) sickness.  Well this past Friday, she finally twisted my arm enough into going.  I've had Pho at a lot of different restaurants.  I've had Pho so much so, that I got burnt out on it a few years back.  Hence, my reason for not really wanting to check this place out.  You've had one Pho, you've had'em all.  We both ordered the Pho ga ca rau xanh (Pho chicken, broccoli, and baby bok-choy)The noodles were about par for pho noodles.  The broth was as standard as any pho broth.  There was hardly any broccoli and baby bok.  You're paying .75 extra for broccoli and bok, so I expect to see quite a bit in my pho.  Also, they only brought out 1 small plate (about the side of a bread plate) for the two of us to split of the bean sprouts, lime, chili pepper, and thai basil.    You'd think if both of us are ordering pho, we'd BOTH get a plate.  I will say though, the bowl was huge.  After having a few spoonfuls of the broth and bites of noodles, I ended up just eating the broccoli, bok, and most of the chicken.We split an order of the spicy pork vietnamese springrolls.   Now, those were awesome!  The rolls were nice and stuffed.  The dipping sauce that they come with, spicy and slightly sweet.  Throw some chili paste on them and they're perfect!  If I had known that the pho would have been such a disappointment to me, I would have ordered the springrolls as my entree.  Will I return?  I think so.  But just to get an order of the spicy pork springrolls.  :)
4	I'll admit it freely - I have a SERIOUS addiction to Pho.  I can't go more than two weeks without it. When I lived and worked in Old-town Scottsdale, this was my lunch spot at least twice a week if not more!  Their Pho is delicious and their broth is amazing all on its own, not to mention the plate of fresh herbs, jalapenos, limes and sprouts.The staff is super nice too - the first time I ordered crispy spring rolls, they not only brought it super fast, they also taught me how to eat it properly, wrapped in lettuce with more veggies and a yummy light sauce.The strip mall they're in is a little sketch, I'll admit, and the first time someone brought me there I was worried, but the food is delish and I eat there every chance I get!
3	This place was packed when I went here last night! Based on the reviews I've read and the crowdedness of the place, I was very excited upon being seated. I'm sad to say I was let down though.We started off with the shrimp springrolls - but our server completely forgot to put in the order, so our appetizers came out with our main meal. Strike 1. We were starving too, so a little bothered. The springrolls were just OK. The rice paper was a bit dry, but I did love the peanut sauce. That was fabulous! I got the Happy Pancake as my meal and still, not impressed. The pork was a little rubbery and the meal overall was fairly bland. The dipping sauce almost seemed pointless. I started using the leftover peanut sauce to make it more tasty. Meh. Staff was friendly and apologetic, but it wasn't enough to overcome the boring food.I think I am just in love with Pho Avina's in Glendale. It has tainted all Vietnamese restaurants for me. That place is bomb. Sorry guys!
4	This place is by far the best Pho place in this state of Arizona and maybe even the best I have tried. We always order the Pho Tai Chi (which is regular pho with sirloin and brisket). The combination of the beef with the soup and noodles make it heaven. The staff is also extremely friendly and nice, the owner constantly is walking around asking how the food is and always greets us with a "Hows School" (We go there too much!!). I highly recommend this place if your ever in the area or have the craving for Pho; I only gave it 4/5 stars because this place isn't good with groups, last time we went in a big group of 7 we ended up waiting a good 30-45 minutes for our pho to come.
1	Dinner took 45 min to arrive despite few customers in the restaurant.  How long are you willing to wait? Staff kept saying it would be ready soon. Will think twice before going there again.
4	Love this place. Their Noodles are the bomb. I have gone several times for lunch and am always pleasantly delighted with the Thai flavors and customer service. I love their Green Ice Tea and anything w/lemongrass.
5	Although hidden in a dumpy little strip center on Scottsdale and Thomas, this place has GREAT food. Chicken and vegetables were very fresh (and I am REALLY picky about meat in these types of restaurants). Thai iced tea is delicious. They only serve beer and wine (I think they have wine, they def have beer). Very casual and good service.
4	After moving to Scottsdale, I immediately had to find a vietnamese restaurant nearby. Luckily, Noodles Ranch was a few blocks from my place and didn't disappoint. Despite having higher prices than I'm used to for vietnamese food, I will fork it out if the food is worth it. So far I've had the summer rolls, the spring rolls, banh xeo and the bun cha ha noi, and they've all been pretty tasty. The owner is also really nice and went out of his way to recommend some vietnamese markets in the Phoenix area. Can I find cheaper and perhaps better tasting vietnamese food further out in Phoenix? Possibly, but for the convenience, the quality of the food and the service, I'll be back at Noodles Ranch.
4	Food and service were great. The stir fry is a must. Ordered two dishes, asparagus, spinach, shitaki mushrooms,and tofu with rice. Second dish was greenbeans, carrots, onions, rice noodles, and chicken in a curry sauce. Both were so delicious. Will definitely return.
5	Suki suki nowwww... Time for some Pho!Can you say delicious in Vietnamese?  WHO CARES?!  This place has got the best soup in town and unlike its neighbor, LoLo's Chicken and Waffles, this is healthy stuff!  I have ordered the Chicken, Broccoli, and Bok Choy Pho twice now and have no complaints.  They bring out all the fixins too... Bean sprouts, basil leaves, cilantro and lime mmm.  Rice noodles, chicken, broccoli, and Bok Choy are simmered in a mouthwatering broth sprinkled with herbs to boot!  If you haven't gone yet, you better put that fried chicken down and check yourself!
4	I had the steak brisket noodle bowl.  Service was quick. Would definitely return.
5	I love coming here! The food is great and filling! I always get the P3 and with cilantro and jalapenos with siracha sauce you can't go wrong! I just wished it wasn't so hot in PHX or I would be coming here more often!
5	There seem to be two kinds of Vietnamese places in the U.S.:  Those that have some truly authentic dishes made with weird animal organs and very little vegetables, and those -- like Noodles Ranch -- which are all about very fresh veggies and "clean" preparation.  Noodles Ranch represents the best of this type of Vietnamese restaurant and I consider it a real find.Upon entry you can feel that there is a "lightness" to the energy here.  Refreshingly quiet, there is no television.  The staff appear to be family and are efficient, professional and peaceful people.  My girlfriend is celiac so this means she not only has to avoid wheat but is also physically sensitive to food quality in general.  Noodles Ranch passes with flying colors for her.  I highly recommend a visit to Noodles Ranch.
2	Third time was not a charm.   I had been here a couple of times for lunch so when a friend suggested it for lunch I said okay.  The first two visits were not memorable in either a good or bad way.  I suspect there was no adult supervision on my third trip.  The drinks came out quickly and we got our four orders in with a few minutes of being seated.  We ordered 3 lunch specials and a bowl of pho.  Two salads and pot stickers came out for the lunch specials in another 10 minutes along with the herbs/sprouts for the pho.  Salads were OK, pot sticker was cold.  It took flagging down a waiter two more times to get the third salad to arrive.  We are now about 30 minutes into our 1 hour lunch.  After another 10 minutes we track a waiter down to find out about our order he said another 5 minutes.  Later, about 45 minutes after getting seated we go to the counter to find out about the order.  We were then told we were next up, but they could not say how long.  We paid for our drink and ran over to Lo Lo's for a quick piece of chicken instead.If my first two experiences were a lot better I would try this place again.  It would have been quicker to drive to Tempe and go to Khai Hoan Restaurant, which really deserves the four yelp stars they get.
2	Yesterday evening i and a friend ate at the Noodles Ranch. Our meal consisted of the fried egg rolls and Beef Pho with sliced eye of round and brisket. The egg rolls did not come with an adequate amount of herbs to wrap with the lettuce and the Pho had 1/3 the amount of meat of any of the Vietnamese restaurants serving the same dishes. I informed the owner's wife of this and she asked me if i knew the price of beef these days and then suggested i eat vegetarian or just deal with it. I was astounded by these unbelievably rude remarks paid the bill and left. The Pho was not a real beef Pho, but mostly a noodle soup. Beware diners. Although he flavors may be good and the location convenient for those of us living in Scottsdale, this place is a rip off and the management is down right rude.I have eaten here for quite a while now but this will be my last meal there. Beware Noodles Ranch. Your customers will catch on to your tricks   Most importantly beware diners, you will not be getting what you are paying good money for at this restaurant.
1	Vietnamese is my all time favorite kind of food. And Ive enjoyed it at almost every place where it is offered... besides this place. If you decide to go here expect any sort of experience or uniqueness. And while this restaurant wasn't dirty in the seating area, the extremely cheap attitude towards the customer and product caused me to second guess the way they take care in the kitchen. the atmosphere was very desolate. It's definitely a place for people to get food quickly if they don't want to travel too far from their neighborhood.  Every other place that carries these specific dishes, does it better in every possible way. The meat was literally all fat. I LITERALLY HAD HUGE GREY GLOBS OF PURE FAT FLOATING IN MY DISH. ....this place could be enjoyed I must say, but only by a palette of a pig or dog. The woman behind the counter was sly in her comments when I asked about my dish. As if I wouldn't understand she was being sarcastic and rude. When I asked my friend if her being unbelievably rude just really happened, he looked in disbelief and nodded his head. TRAVEL THE EXTRA FIVE MILES, THIS PLACES ENTIRE PRESENTATION ISN'T WORTH YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY.
5	I have been going here for almost 5 years and while I realize people have bad days, I seriously question the reviews of some of these reviewers!  I have never in these years of going 2-3 times a month have I ever had bad service or been treated rude!  The food is always great and service friendly and fast.
4	Listen.. I'm not going to do the jitterbug around this... Noodles Ranch is the Bees Knees. I order the pho, and let me tell you it was PHOTASTIC!! We enjoyed the Spring rolls and the wine was super. We will most definitely be back! Thank you "Pho" (from) the bottom of my heart!
3	Bottom line, over priced for what you get.  The spring rolls are very good and the Pho has a nice broth, but for what you are paying they really skimp on the meat and vegetables(which you are paying extra for).  Mostly broth and noodles.  Reminded me of my college days on the all ramen diet.Three stars for flavor and the very good spring rolls.
2	My wife and I used to go to Noodle Ranch frequently( twice a week). Unfortunately, we stopped going after we felt cheated. On one occasion I received my Pho Beef and it had hardly any beef. The waiter/owner even commented that he saw little beef (I had ordered with extra beef) and he didn't do anything about it. My wife ordered a shrimp dish and it actually had three miniscule shrimp on it. If it were my restaurant I would be embarrassed to set that in front of my customers. Experiences like this actually became the norm. We won't be back.
5	Can't get enough of their Pho!!!
2	There is always a first - and this was my first experience with Americanized Vietnamese food.  It didn't taste awful, it just wasn't very authentic.  We ordered a bun dish, a tilapia dish and a bowl of pho.  I may possibly go back for the pho, but that would be about it.
2	We went to this place twice now and won't go back again.  The Pho is bland, but the pot stickers are great.  We tried four different meals altogether, and the descriptions of the specials weren't quite what we ended up receiving.   Also, the portions are small for the price, especially compared to traditional Vietnamese restaurants.  I gave it two stars because it isn't dirty and the food isn't horrible, but I also don't have any great reason to go back.
4	Disclaimer: I have only had takeout from Noodles Ranch, although when I picked up my food, the inside of the restaurant looked cozy and was pretty busy for a weeknight. I LOVE pho and was amazingly surprised to find a Vietnamese restaurant near Old Town Scottsdale, not to mention one with very good food. I always find it somewhat humorous when a "Vietnamese" restaurant also sells things like Pad Thai and Chow Mein, but my husband seemed to like the Pad Thai a lot, so I'm not one to complain. I shared the spring rolls with shrimp, pork, veggies, and a side of peanut hoisin sauce with my husband, and they were very refreshing and flavorful, especially the sauce. Despite the fact that it was a "balmy" 105 degrees outside, I was in the mood for pho, so I also ordered the Pho Chicken, which was a huge portion. I was so pleasantly surprised to see the broth, the noodles, the chicken, and the fixins' (bean sprouts, chili pepper, Thai basil, jalapenos) packaged separately, to avoid overcooking the chicken and noodles and overall sogginess. I doused my soup in hot chili sauce after adding in all of the ingredients and I must say - it pho was delicious!!!! I was sweating when I was finished, but it was my fault and SO worth it. I will definitely go back to try some of the other options on the menu. Or maybe to just get another bowl of the pho. I am a creature of habit, after all...
5	OK. We live a quarter of a mile away or so. Partially due to proximity but mostly due to their food, my boyfriend and I (sometimes separately) eat here probably once a week or at least a few times a month. This place is a fantastic mom-and-pop place owned by a great couple that care about their food and their customers. The waitstaff is attentive and friendly. If you're not familiar with Vietnamese food, this is a great introduction as there are "easy" things on the menu and they serve beer and wine. For those of you that are used to eating pho and weirder things, these guys add extra tendon for me at no extra cost, which makes me drool with happiness!! Pho is a little pricey at about $10 for the combo bowl. We're happy to pay though for the convenience and the quality. The place is clean and comfortable and the ingredients are fresh and the food tastes great!
2	Place was clean, food is ok, but rather pricey considering what you get.  Menu is nothing amazing, I ordered the mango chicken rice plate and there was no real "pop" to the dish, just real bland and the chicken tasted rather gamey since the flavor of the sauce was so weak. My wife ordered the  pork bun vermicelli bowl. Again it was ok, but nothing spectacular and very small portion. Considering all the wonderful Vietnamese food there is in Phoenix I would go else where for half the price. Service also is lacking, waited at front door for 5 min before anyone even approached us to sea us, and the place was empty.
4	Pretty darn good pho.  More expensive than what is typical for pho in Southern California, but for Scottsdale it's probably normal.
1	I have given this restaurant FOUR tries and they have failed every time.  Today was the last time I even attempt to patronize their restaurant.  Their food is not that good, and their service is ABYSMAL.We arrived shortly after they opened for lunch.  There was a single party of five in the restaurant.  While we waited for even a drink order to be taken, the other party was served by all three people working (couldn't spare one for us?), AND another party came in and got their order taken.Repeatedly they walked by us, and ignored us.  We waited 10 minutes then left.  Each of my four experiences there have been like this.  I will never return.  I really hope the owners read this.  They were there today and completely ignored us.
3	"Good for Newbies / Whiteboys...Average to the Viets / Foodies"Noodles Ranch by name alone, should be a good indicator that they are aiming to attract the culturally timid. All joking aside, I highly doubt that a Vietnamese restaurant with a typical name like; Pho Thanh, Pho 54, Da Vang, Bin Minh, etc. would attract as many newbies or uncultured Americans, which are in great abundance in this metropolis.With that being said, this is a good place to send your mother, or someone who does not yet have a mind that is developed enough to venture to a place that caters specifically to its originating culture.I will not give this place a bad rating, as they do a great job, and make people feel welcome. They play their business model very well, and I am happy to see some Viets venture down this road and survive as long as they have in this town. They will bring you a fork and spoon as a standard protocol to keep you from feeling intimidated by chopsticks.As for the food, again, they tame things down a little bit to cater to a simplified American palette. The prices are a little higher compared to most hole in the wall Pho restaurants, but you have to consider the location and the clientele. I wouldn't go here and expect to have the best bowl of Pho in town, but would go without a high expectation now that I understand their business model and targeted demographic.Just as we might hit a lower end hamburger joint, like "Five Guys", we are fully aware of the fact that this is not an authentic hamburger, it's a modified and tamed down version to cater to a greater mass of people.Go support these guys, and don't give them a bad review if you aren't happy with their food. This is a training ground for the simple minded and unadventurous.
5	This place is awesome!  So good, friendly, fast, inexpensive!
4	I don't think you can really expect to find authentic Vietnamese food this close to Old Town, but they do a fine job here.  Everything I've had here is good.  I did have an appetizer with shrimp and sweet potato (if I remember correctly), and it was a little greasy for my taste, but still not bad.Part of what I love about Noodles Ranch is their ability to provide fast and tasty take out.  They package it right, so it's still hot and fresh by the time you get home.  This may not be a big deal for most people, but when you live so far away from civilization, like me, this is an impressive feat.  The Service is always good, and often interesting.  I wanted to know if their coconut water was fresh once, and you should've seen the look the server gave me (hilarious!!!).  They must not get that question very often.  Another time, the owner gave me a history lesson on the origins of Thai iced tea.  Call me a nerd, but I dig stuff like that.
5	The pho and spring rolls were great! The staff was very accommodating. I will definitely be back.
3	My husband and I have been going here for years. It saddens me to think that the only reason I am writing is because of dissatisfication. I love P7 on the menu, but with P7 we always order the large (3) spring rolls. However, the size of the spring rolls are getting smaller and smaller.  They taste so good, but quality is going down. Aside from the menu, the service is horrible! If you plan on eating here allow for an extra 30 minutes. First it takes them forever to seat you, then it takes them forever to take your drink order. Then they take your drink order and they forget a drink! Service is slow. I like this place, but they need to change some things before I go back.
4	Okay, so I"m not a Pho aficionado. I haven't tried Pho Noodles in Vietnam or Thailand so I don't have the original to compare them to. Some people are really picky. I'm not one of them. But I HAVE tried Pho noodles in several different settings and we really enjoyed our dinner at Noodles Ranch. My mother in law was with us and had never tried Pho noodles. She IS pretty finicky with her eating at times. She loved them. She and my wife ordered the Chicken noodles (P5).I ordered the P3 (Sirloin and Brisket) noodles and thoroughly enjoyed it. We had a party of 4 and also ordered some Spring Rolls. They seemed fresh and tasted good as well. The only minor disappointment was that the toppings plate didn't have cilantro. We got sprouts, basil and jalapenos and apparently parsley instead of cilantro. We love cilantro. The ambience and inside decor was hands down WAY better than most Viet noodle shops I've been to. Tinted walls and attention to detail. A well maintained and decorated restaurant is likely to be better maintained in the kitchen for cleanliness as well.I'd recommend this restaurant to anyone who enjoys Pho noodles. It's not PF Changs, but I'd rather support the little guy anyway. The prices were very reasonable as well. Don't hesitate to give it a try. We're going back.
5	We love this place. The owners are so kind and they know our orders before we sit down. Everything is fresh and I swear by the pho when fighting a cold. I love the P7 with tofu and the spring rolls are lovely.  We eat here at least three times a month and love to support a small local business.
5	always great food, servicei s a tad slow, the food is fresh and delicious!
5	Get v6 and add some spicy sauce if you like it that way.
4	Very decent place for some Vietnamese fare! I've probably been here around 5-6 times now and everytime (regardless of day or time), it's busy.I always get the Spring rolls, Egg rolls and the Seafood Pho - yes, I know this isn't very adventurous, but I'm happy w/these items. Alwlays friendly service in a relaxed environment.Wish they would be a little more generous with the condiments - or maybe I'm just a freak who likes a lot of sprouts, cilantro, lime juice/jalapenos in their Pho? Mmmm...All in all - def worth checking out!
4	Stopped in for a Thai tea to go so good luck on the food. Hope it's delish!
4	Excellent Pho!   Really good deep tasting broth and all the fixing were delicious.
4	Love this place. Only thing I don't like is it seems like they are closed more than they are open. Maybe it's my timing but its been many times I have gone to find out they are closed. Your food is good open more!
5	My favorite place!!!  Very friendly staff, clean restaurant.  The seafood pho and spring rolls are my favorite dishes.  I've had many others and have never been disappointed.
4	I like this place. Service is bit slow during lunch. Been there so far dozen times and have not disappointed with food yet.  I wish they had whole coconut..
5	Any place that has in it's entryway a cookbook written by the guy who's in back cooking the food is with a try in my opinion.  I stumbled on this place years ago and have been introducing people to it ever since.I grew up in New York where people are accustomed to good Asian fare.  That, like many things, did not follow me out west.  Enter noodles ranch.  This place is small and unassuming located in an Albertson's strip mall, but the food is deserving of a much less humble setting.  Every dish I have had here so far has been dynamite.  Dish are flavorful without being over-sauced and the ingredients always taste nice and fresh.  I have been on a Pho kick pho a number of years now and find it, accompanied by their coconut water (with real bits of coconut so you know its working) , to be the ultimate hangover cure.  Service can get a little backed up during a heavy lunch rush, but the staff is friendly and the food more than makes up for the wait.  Try the P3 add meatballs and bok choy.  The crispy eggrolls are a great starter but  you have to make sure and use all the accoutrement.
3	It was good. A little too pricy for what you received, and I don't know if it was that day or every day, but they were quite busy and I the food arrived way late 30min plus.  I ordered the vermecelli and eggroll. The decor inside was beautiful.Service, almost non existant. You had to hunt them down.
1	This could possibly be the WORST Vietnamese place I've ever been. Just ate there, slow service, stinky fish sauce(I know, it's fish sauce but I know GOOD fish sauce when I see it, smell it. My wife is Vietnamese) The people next to me were starring at the waiter trying to get his attention so they could order. Painful experience.Vermicelli noodles dish was very small. What do I want for $10.00.I asked for some mint and they brought me something that was CLEARLY not mint and I told them "this is not mint" and a few min's later another man came over and told me that it was in the mint family. OK, uhm no. A Vietnamese place that doesn't know what mint looks like.............Oh my.Also check out the pic of the sign telling customers that to-go container are 35 cents. Cheapskates!:(Never again! Head to Chandler for some REAL Vietnamese food.Hmm, they wouldn't allow me to upload the pic of the to-go warning sign*****
3	Coming from bay area, i think this place has good noodle, small portion, and is a little bit pricey, even compared to palo alto price. overall wasn't impressed and will probably not come back again.
5	Top-notch Vietnamese food! Better than most any you will get anywhere in California;which is the capital of Vietnamese food. Pho is well above the norm,the broth is exquisitely seasoned. Desserts are excellent!
5	I'm biased about Noodles Ranch as I write this review.  A regular Vietnamese restaurant goer my partner and I found this place on Yelp! From day one it became a favorite.  Andre the owner is wonderful and always a smile for his customers. Maybe we visit too often but I'll wear out my welcome. The Bun Saigon which I'm having now is a wonderful mix of menu items. Practically, a pupu platter of main dishes. My favorite is the bun no hue which is a spicy noodle soup.  I've had many different versions of the dishes in different cities and the consistency and flavors here are second to none. Light and fresh meals that feel like real comfort foods. I feel like chef Andre's French cooking training comes through in the flavors. They are not the usual flavors. It's definitely a mix of styles that makes this stand out from the rest. It doesn't go so far that you don't recognize the original foods. The style is very subtle and  original.Highly recommend trying it if you're new to Vietnamese cooking and feeling adventurous , or if you're a fan that's been looking for a great place to eat. Soft and mellow, or hot and spicy... you won't be disappointed.
4	Went on yelp to find a Pho place near my home. I found this one and decided to try it out judging by the reviews and rating. Let me tell you that I loved the place. Very clean, fresh, and quiet. I was greeted right away and my order was out in a reasonable amount of time. I would return there again. It is a little pricey compared to other PHo places but it was delicious.
5	Service is always friendly and attentive. I will admit the prices are slightly higher (maybe $1 or so higher) but the portions are perfect and the meat is never oddly colored or mysterious cuts.  Chef Andre, the owner, picks out quality product to make quality food and will never accept anything but the best for his customers. I'm glad we finally live within 15min of this place instead of driving 45min each way... which we have been for the last 7 or so years.  We even had them cater our pre-wedding event about 5 years ago.
4	Great atmosphere and good food. This is my go to pho spot. Not as good as the place with the un-rememberable name on Apache and McClintock, but great for Scottsdale. I'd ask for extra noodles with the pho bowls though. Thanks for the cleanliness and the topped off Sriracha bottles!
5	Ridiculously delicious! A coworker introduced me to Noodles Ranch last month and since that time I have been back at least 5 times for the P6 - Pho with chicken, broccoli and baby bokchoy.  I am positive that it gets better and better every single time to suck me back in.  Lunch always includes service with a smile and at this point my order is known before I hit the seat.  I haven't yet branched out into other lunch menu items, but I will and have complete confidence that whatever I try will be as delicious as my current staple.  Go here, now! Then come back tomorrow!
5	This is an EXCELLENT restaurant. The owners are very gracious and the food is fresh and delicious. I recommend the Pho (P2)... yummmmm
2	Because of all the great reviews, my wife and I had high expectations. First, this restaurant is located in a strip mall. Not that we have anything against strip malls but we usually go there to shop - or grab a quick bite. Don't be fooled by the N Scottsdale Rd folks, this ain't Scottsdale fine cuisine material.  We went for Saturday lunch and while we could hardly find a parking spot, the restaurant was half full. Reception at the entrance is sluggish, no eye contact, no welcome. We just stood there for a few minutes and eventually we were shown a table. Very casual setting, nothing authentic. We sat and were given menus. Andre came and took our orders. No problem there. Now on with the food.Portions are small... and at first we were thinking "quality over quantity" but this wasn't the case. In general, the food was ordinary at best, way too sweet. My wife is Vietnamese and she did not appreciate her pho at all. My papaya salad had fish sauce in it and I could not eat it. Cyclo's papaya is FAR FAR better. My son liked the egg rolls. At first my daughter liked the sweet potato fries but eventually she bailed out. They were cold and dry. The restaurant is clean and overall the service is adequate. But the food isn't compelling enough for us to return.
4	The ideal spot for those of us that want to feign an interest in eating healthy without sacrificing flavor.  Good service and good price point. There's something amazing about how Vietnamese cuisine can taste so vibrant and filling without giving you the cheesy chimichanga what did I just do to myself guilt.
4	I really love this restaurant and I have for years. I've recently rediscovered this little gem.  I worked in the neighborhood years ago and I would frequent Noodles Ranch for the Pho. OMG, seriously good Pho.I recently was able to talk my extremely picky husband to try it.  I got him to try the spring roll.  And he tried a dish with lemongrass and chicken that he was really happy.  Score! I had the Pho with tofu.  I was very happy (especially because I wasn't feeling all that great and the Pho was so soothing and delicious).  They provided me with copious amounts of lime and mint upon request and I was one happy girl.I will admit, I've only ever had the spring rolls and Pho, but I've never been disappointed.  The ambiance is surprising, it is in a strip mall.  But you walk in to a really airy and comfortable space.  The decor is unique and fresh.  The staff, other than the owner that ended up helping us, is a little lacking the service skills, but hopefully that will develop with time.  I hope they crack the whip on the sitting on the counters by the register, talking on their cell phones, and the lack of attention (hence the reason the owner took over, I assume).
5	Last day of my vacation, so I figured that I may as well treat myself to a delicious dinner! Off to Noodles Ranch!  I started with the cha gio (A1 - crispy eggrolls), as per usual here. Minced chicken and veggies in a light wrapper, served with lettuce, thai basil, cilantro, bean sprouts, pickled carrots and cucumbers and a dipping sauce. I decided to mix things up for my entree. Normally I get the ga xao xa ot (R1 - lemongrass chicken rice plate), but today I went with the bun ga xao xa ot (V5 - noodle salad bowl). Wok stir-fried chili lemongrass chicken, vermicelli rice noodles, cucumber, lettuce, carrot, bean sprout, basil and mint. Finished it all off with their "Phoenix chocolate" desert. Warm chocolate lava cake baked in-house and topped with vanilla ice cream. Not a traditional lava cake in that the center of the cake is molten, but it is very moist and the berry sauce that they put on it is very nice as well. I did also try their ginger infused limeade. It's very good, but you really can't beat their jasmine iced tea. Honestly is the best I've ever had. Very clean, floral taste and the clarity is superb.That covers the food.  As for the establishment itself, and the folks who run it, both are beyond reproach.  The restaurant is always very, very clean and organized - all the way back to the unisex bathroom, which is also supremely clean and well kept.  The ambiance during lunch and dinner is always very comforting and relaxing.  The owners and their staff are very warm, kind, polite and very approachable.  They are always happy to strike up a conversation and take very good care of all their patrons. If you haven't tried them, do so.  This is my absolute favorite place to eat in the valley.
5	We can't get enough of this AWESOME place!!! Chef Andre' and Noel are wonderful, the staff is always pleasant to us and they remember us every time we come in for lunch or dinner....during the Fall/Winter months we are regulars (the Pho tastes SO much better in the cooler months, for some reason)....we consider the food to be Comfort Food and we love supporting a local restaurant.We start with the Iced Tea (Jasmine) and Spring Rolls, as usual....they are filled with cold rice noodles, shrimp, pork, fresh mint and lettuce. They are accompanied by a house peanut sauce for dipping. Traditionally, we get this appetizer every single time, without fail, every time they are wonderful.For entree's we are creatures of habit....I always get Pho with meatballs & tendon....I love all the garnishes they supply: love the fresh mint, cilantro, bean sprouts and fresh lime for a citrusy zing. The hubby always gets V-6, Grilled Pork with Rice....the pork is always perfectly cooked, very tender and has a wonderful aroma when it comes to the table. We truly love Vietnamese food and came to love it because of Noodles Ranch!
4	Fantastic little place! This restaurant is delicious and has a variety of different kinds of Vietnamese foods to try and some new twists on old favorites. I've been here twice now and had fantastic experiences both times.Positives:-Fun "off the menu" items that changes with the season-Long menu with lots to choose from -Tasty food and (non-alcoholic) drinks -Good prices for a large portion.Negatives:-Service isn't the bestOverall, great place! Definitely worth a try.
5	My first time at a Pho restaurant and I will defiantly be back I had the Chicken bowl with noodles and spiced it up.  Great flavor perfect for a cold night or your fighting a cold.  Very clean restaurant with nice decor.  The owner came by to see how our lunch was. We loved it.  Cost around $10 per person.  Kinda of pricey but you are getting very fresh ingredients with high quality.
4	Stopped in with a friend for lunch - and to be honest I never even noticed this spot. It's located near Lo-Lo's, which is where my attention always seemed to be drawn. (Who would have thought?)They have great lunch specials, so I opted for that. The cashew chicken stirfry was AWESOME. Everything was cooked and season just perfectly. Even better, it came with a cup of soup and a potsticker. I love bonus goodies! Will definitely be back - so many other fun menu items to try.
5	I love this place!  My husband always orders the Lemongrass chicken and i tend to get the chicken curry.  We just can't get enough!  the food is perfection!   We also enjoy the thai tea and the spring rools and are dying to try the creme brulee (coconut i think?  yumm!!!)I highly recommend!
5	Great Pho & the Spring Rolls are bombness. The Shrimp potato tempera wraps are very good also. It does get busy but what do u expect with a place as good as this.
4	Been here a couple of times and always enjoyed the food and friendly staff.  Just got back from Vietnam so needed a Pho fix and some spring rolls.  Not quite what we got in Hanoi but not bad - spring rolls were fresh and tasty and the Pho was quite good.  This is a nice little neighborhood restaurant - we will definitely be back.
2	Not pleased. Bad service, generic noodles and broth, and steep prices for pho. I waited to be seated at 2p on a Monday, then waited to order, and waited for a water refill despite empty tables throughout. I also asked for fried tofu but received steamed. Pass.
5	Seriously the best pho in Phoenix. I get the chicken & broccoli and it's amazing, it will also cure any sick feeling.
4	Excellent noodles...love the pho...would give it a 5 but I've had better and some similar in Phoenix.
4	The food is great! I highly recommend the Pho Chicken Noodle soup. Served piping hot, loads of fresh veggies noodles, meat is tasty. It is around $8 but trust me it is worth it. I am a big guy and I walk out full.
5	I've loved this place for years, but it never crossed my mind to write a review.  The food is consistently great, the prices are reasonable, and the service is always friendly and attentive.  I am positively hooked on the Mango Chicken, which makes it really difficult for me to try other dishes, but a couple of weeks ago I tried the Pho and Seafood and loved it.  I've really enjoyed their Curry Seafood when I've had it, and every so often I give in and have the Arizona Fried Rice with extra broccoli.  My choice for a hot summer evening when I want something light and refreshing is the Cool and Zesty Chicken Salad.There is something for everyone to love here.  I just miss them when they are closed on Sundays and I've got a taste for their great food!
5	I'm not timely posting my reviews and it's been awhile since we've been back. Nonetheless, my husband and I love this place. No matter what we order, we consider the portions perfect and enjoy our meals whether its soup, salad or rice dish. I just wish they were open on Sundays.
5	I came here by myself for lunch. It was a cold, drabby day which is unusual in AZ and I was in desperate need of PHO. I got the Pho with chicken and broccoli and it was out of this world good! It was busy during lunch and parking was a bit of a struggle but all well worth it.
4	I cannot go 5 stars here, it was good, but just short of superb.   Bun Bo Hue and Pho where delish.   I have had better, but they were very very very good and plenty of meat and spice.  No Pork Hock here , unfortunately, for the Bun Bo, but good stuff.  Decent prices, great service!  almost 5 stars, but only 4 STAR stuff....fawesome!
4	The food here was great. I've walked by this place a dozen times while going to LoLo's Chicken & Waffles at least a dozen times with the kids but never stopped in. My wife and I finally got a chance to go and loved this place. Pho was great, spring rolls were very light and fresh, the peanut sauce for the spring rolls was tasty and the ginger lemonade was very refreshing. The staff was very friendly and would have given 5 stars if our server wasn't so forgetful. He forgot about our drinks and garnishings for the pho twice. The first time I flagged him down for these, then after waiting about 5 min, I walked to the back kitchen area to find him. At least he was apologetic and very nice, so no big deal and I will definitely be going back.
1	Ordered spring rolls and there was no sliced pork. I ate them anyway but advised the waiter. They acted like I was making the whole thing up then I ordered bun. Anyone who eats traditional Vietnamese food knows the noodles should be room temp. The noodles were boiling hot and instead of beef they brought me pork. The waiter agreed it was pork and the owner said it was beef. I know what pork looks like and tastes like...then I was accused of not wanting to pay for a meal I did not eat. I have been coming here since they opened and have an autograph cook book from the owner. I ask you why would I want this relationship to end? Poor customer service and misguided accusations just lost them a great customer that has introduced quite q few people over the years. It is still a good place to eat, I will never enter those doors again as a result of the owners wife's handling of the situation. Unfortunate situation for both of us really.
4	a much better meal than last time! after taxes next door, we stopped in for a meal. i opted for the vegetarian Pho. it was a heaping bowl of noodle goodness. filled with broth soaked vegetables and tofu chunks, i could just feel my body being healthy. add to that a papaya salad with shrimp, and i could be unstoppable. i have had papaya salad in laos, thailand, and various other asian countries. it is usually very, very, very hot to the palate. noodles ranch...not at all. we actually had to add siracha sauce to give it kick. maybe they've "westerned" it up a bit, but it still tasted fresh, cool, and crunchy. now i'm a fan! yay for Pho!
4	Great Vietnamese food for Scottsdale. Scottsdale is not particularly known for having great Asian cuisine options. This place is great for lunch. Sometimes the service can be slow but the owners and staff are very friendly so it makes up for it. I eat a lot so if you are a hearty eater I recommend ordering the big bowl of pho with extra noodles for a buck or two more.
3	I kinda like ths place, My issue is that there is a variability in product. I go one week and the chicken in the Pho Ga is dry and chewy, next time, it is velvety perfection. One month I order the spicy vermicelli soup and its just perfect,  then I order the SAME soup again and the ingredients are different, including something I won't eat. I have had, with success, spring rolls, dumplings, salad rolls, and the bread pudding (which was good twice, eh once). I am like Pavlov's dogs, though, I got the good stuff once and I will keep coming back in the hopes it will be there again, becasue GENERALLY this place rocks.
5	Love this place! The food is so FRESH, unlike many Asian eateries in Phoenix. The wait staff is very young and can be a little lackadaisical sometimes, but overall it's the best for miles around. Never a wait and always a booth or table open. Highly recommended!
5	My favorite pho soup. The broth has amazing flavor. I have tried many other places but this place has them beat hands down. There ginger limeade is also delicious.for appetizers  Try there spring rolls they always taste light and fresh they also have crispy rolls that are delicious. The coconut curry is to die for. I would highly recommend stopping in to this place for dessert try the chocolate lava cake !
4	Great noodle house. I ordered the vermicelli noodles with beef and veggies (V2 on the menu) My hubby got the M2 - whatever that is (noodles with chicken). The staff was friendly, the restaurant was clean and the service was well, honestly slow (busy Saturday night). Weird drawings in the bathroom  (bucktoothed Asian ladies). Affordable and yummy, will go back but probably close my eyes in the bathroom. See for yourself!
4	Hey Yall....Superior Customer Service....Awesome Chicken & Meatball Pho....Small and Quant...Tastee Desserts and and a Prickly Pea Tea that will knock your socks off!!!
5	Excellent food.  The service was fast.  I had the chow fun,  and my husband had the house fried rice.  We love them both.  This is a great place for lunch.  It is very casual and in a strip mall.  We will be back when we are in the area.
3	Very solid Vietnamese food at Scottsdale prices.  Service and ambiance are usually great.  Better Vietnamese "street food" available in Mesa, Chandler, and Tempe.
5	This is a review that is long overdue..I have been eating here for two years and have tried most of the menu..The pork bahn-mi is perfect! Soft French bread, fresh veggies, grilled pork with a little mayo..Yum!! The pho is delicious! Actually, I have yet to find a pho that I haven't loved. The lemongrass noodle dish is light and very flavorful.. Maybe the best dish there!!Ginger limeade is a wonderful way to wash everything down.I highly recommend Noodles Ranch!
5	I love this place because of these reasons!!! 1. The decor was soo awesome if the beautiful paintings and creative carved wood table!! 2. The fried rice was sweet and super duper delicious!!! Also the spring roll( non-fried ) was really amazing!! There was a fried rice noodle dish that was my personal of all the BEST in all the dishes!!!3. The service was great!! The server was absolutely nice.
5	YUM with a capital YUM. I was a bit surprised after reading the reviews to find this little gem in a strip mall. It's right by Lolo's, by the way. We walked in and the place smelled delish! We were seated immediately in a clean and comfortable booth. Our waiter took our order and answered all our questions. He did forget to bring our water even though we asked twice, but I forgave him that when I tasted the refreshing ginger limeade. We shared the veggie spring rolls - so fresh and minty! And we ordered three different bowls of pho. Amazingly flavored broths in the veggie and beef  bowls. I love how fresh the vegetables were and hubby loved the spice in the meatballs. My brother-in-law was a bit unhappy with the thinly sliced tendon but it wasn't on the menu initially and they made it all special for him. Thanks Noodles Ranch for putting up with my crabby brother-in-law by the way. Super tasty and we will definitely be back.
4	Talk about some great food!  We walked into the restaurant and it was packed (we had to park what seemed to be a good distance away from the restaurant).  The spring rolls were good but I was blown out of the water by the GREAT pho.  The service was a little slow and confused a bit which would be better.  Overall though, I will eat here again many times!
5	Very fresh & clean restaurant. Nice prices for the serving size. Got the pork with egg rolls. Everything was piping hot and extremely flavorful. Nice decor & ambience.
3	No wait at 2pm on a Tuesday. Lunch rush was over. Pho was decent... Broth flavor was alittle blend had to add a lot of hoisin sauce and sriracha but love the noodles strain... Thin and soft. Their shrimp spring rolls was on point. Clean and inviting environment. :)
5	PHONTASTIC!Best PHO in Scottsdale.. Hands down. I've come here a few times with my dad for lunch and we are absolutely obsessed! I love the family style customer service and the food and pho are so fresh. The owner remembers us every time we stop in (about once a week) and always makes sure we are happy with our order. Of course we are happy when our tummy is filled with yummy Vietnamese goodness! This place gets packed for lunch but once you try it you will always come back.
3	Mixed feelings. I like the food. The broth was slightly sweet.. and the veges didnt taste fresh... But i am speaking from a girl from california where these a pho restaurants around every corner.I would visit again.
3	My dad and I went here yesterday for lunch at my brother's recommendation, and I must say, it was just ok. First of all, I don't think I ever would have found this place without the Yelper who said it was next to Lolo's (thank you Yelper friend!). The restaurant itself isn't remarkable, just standard booths. The food was fairly mediocre. I had the pho ga... it was severely lacking in flavor. I needed to use extra jalapenos and sriracha to get it to taste like anything. My dad had the chow mein, and it was actually much better than the pho... odd since this is a Vietnamese place. Anyway, I wouldn't rush back here.
5	If you are looking for the best nice casual family owned and operated Vietnamese in town. Start here. There may be some equal or close but it doesn't get better.  Everything is all around great. Andre and his family are great people, consistently happy and pleasant, the atmosphere is really nice, clean and comfortable, fresh fresh fresh food and they make a homemade chile sauce that is so perfect I've begged him to jar and sell it for years. (you could help me with this) The spicy tangy tamarind soup with fish is my regular and has me going there when I should be cooking at home and I love cooking at home. The desserts always come through as well.This place, family and food has made me want to go to Vietnam even more.All around great for many years, and I'd know, Ive been going here since they opened.
3	Interesting reading all the hype and finally realized it was all coming from Americans. The food is ok, not mind blowing like some people make it out to be. I will come back as my expectations have been reset. Their appetizers are not so great but the Pho was good. Flavourful and and aromatic. Staff - ok, family run business is my take. Owner cane by yo make sure i was good, which is nice.
5	This place is AMAZING. If you're wanting and needing healthy eats, this is your place. They're  always busy and everything is great! This is our go to for take-out. Thank you Noodles Ranch for consistently being AMAZING. Eat here today!
3	Why do people like this place? Every time I go (3 or 4 times now), I think "well so many people like it, so it must be good!" And maybe I just ordered wrong, I'd think.  But after the last time I've given up!  These Scottsdale people just don't know what's up with good asian food! There is so little of it in Scottsdale! Drive a bit further and go to Tempe, or Chandler or Mesa!
5	I'm out picking in this area...this spot is always a win for me ..!!!! Love the decor & music, and family run biz. They r very sweet and  food always lovely deliciousness!!!! :-)
5	Their beef pho is very tasty and also their spring rolls. Very clean and excellent service, definitively one of my favorite places to eat in the area.
5	This is by far my favorite Pho place ever! I love everything they have and the staff is great. The food service is fast and they also have a yummy lava cake and ice cream if you aren't exploding after you finish your amazing meal!
2	I recently moved to the Scottsdale area and was looking for a place that had really good pho. I saw the great reviews it had here so I thought I would try it. Forewarning I'm Vietnamese myself and have eaten plenty of pho so I had my expectations high coming to this place. I ordered a pho tai and it came out very bland with very little to no seasoning. I am not sure if I got a bad batch or what, but it was probably the worst bowl of pho I have had in a long, long time. They did have really good service, but as for pho I was not impressed by any means.
1	Personally,  I thought this place was pretty boring. I asked for a shrimp and chicken dish, and I only got two pieces of shrimp, and minimal amount of chicken. I have been to plenty of Vietnamese restaurants, and this was definitely my least favorite. If this is what arizona has to offer for Vietnamese food, I will just have to pass.
4	Pho takeout!  The meat wasn't super rare but the fact that the onions and cilantro were already in the beef stock made it so flavorful (other place I go included that in the bag of "stuff")
2	There was a line to be seated and the wait staff were just mid ing their own business cleaning tables. That's fine, but it was several minutes before anyone was seated. We were finally seated and no one came around for our drink order. We waited a good nearly 10 minutes before someone came to the table and we ordered our food. Another couple came in after us, we're seated, got their drinks, and their first and second appetizer by the time we got our first plate. The couple seated just before us was already finished eating by the time we got our soup. The food is excellent, but the service (or lack there of) is enough to keep us from returning.
5	Love this place! Great pho soup and spring rolls!! Service is good and friendly!
5	incredible pho.  great food.  not the best atmosphere, but food is reasonably priced and exceptional
1	Wow, I've been here before but couldn't remember the why I did not like coming here. Came here today for lunch and now I remember...Stingy Rude owners! Wow can I get a word in when I order, the female would not let me talk and then had the nerve to talk on the phone when I tried to order. If you want to order for me I think you should pay as well... part of customer service is actually listening to the customer.I won't be back, food is ok.
3	Pretty decent beef pho.
1	well, i went today with my wonderful wife to spend a little time together and our favorite (Da Vang) was too far away. ordered spring rolls, summer rolls, and two bowls of pho. now i maybe spoiled being half Vietnamese, but we didnt enjoy the food. the spring rolls were ok, but the fish sauce sauce that they serve it with hardly tasted like fish sauce. one piece of  lettuce and a sprig of cilantro or two. very stingy with the cheapest things in the place. the summer rolls were ok. rolled on small rice paper and cut in half to look better, but there were not any shrimp in one of the rolls. did i mention the Vietnamese iced coffee that tasted like it was instant coffee with sweetened condensed milk? worst i have ever had. now already we wanted to leave but i asked the wife to be patient cause we really wanted pho. we both got the p3 with rare sirloin and brisket. there were 4 pieces of beef in my bowl of soup. the broth was bland except for the cinnamon that overpowered the dirty water tasting broth. now i know they are in scottsdale, but scottsdale people want to eat tasty food too. right? this place is by far the closest Vietnamese food to me, but i will not go back. the customer service was great, but not enough to fix the bad Pho. i even told my wife to write in to restaurant impossible to help fix them. too bad
4	Yummy Vietnamese food in Scottsdale.Fresh ingredients, friendly and fast service, good menu selection. Really enjoyed the vermicelli bowl. Will be back!
5	Amazingly fresh food! I have eaten here over a handful of times and I am always impressed by their quality of fresh veggies. The food is seasoned and cooked perfectly. Never soggy veggies. I've had the Pho, bowls, spring rolls, stir fry and dessert and love them all. You will not be disappointed with the quality of food and service. I love supporting small businesses! Go enjoy!!
5	PHOnomenal! Best pho in the valley! Their chili sauce cannot be beat and they really don't skimp on the veggies in the veggie pho. The atmosphere is great- they NEVER play stupid music, it's clean, energetic and really makes you feel good. I PHOfucking love this place!
4	the food was delicious but service was reallllly slow.  they were quite busy during lunch and it appeared they only had 2 servers and 2 back waiters staffed.  our server recognized and apologized for the slow service which was nice but gladly the food was good & I would recommend their pho!the pho broth was extremely delicious and the banh mi sandwich had a sweet sauce that was different but yummy!
5	Red umbrellas hanging from the ceiling. Ginger lemonade with fresh pieces of cut ginger floating inside. Perfectly organized tables and exquisite attention to detail in your meal. This is just the start of the experience you will have  at Noodles Ranch. It's the type of place you'd drive right by and not even notice, but once you make it inside, you'll be ever grateful you did. I love Vietnamese food and a very rare thing happened to me when I ate here, I forgot I was in the States. From the lemongrass chicken to the fresh crunchy egg rolls, everything about my visit was great and I can't wait to come back!
5	The pho is probably the second best in the valley. I typically go to the egg roll factory in Chandler but when I'm up in Scottsdale this location is not only the busiest but the tastiest pho. So spring rolls are good but the peanut sauce is not sweet enough. I haven't tried the sandwiches yet but the FO is good.
3	I used to go here for lunch with coworkers every once in a while when I worked in Scottsdale. I recently visited for the first time in years and it seems like the food and service has gone downhill. I am not sure if they changed their pho recipe but it was not as good as I remembered.
2	This is not the best pho in the Valley. I hate to write a poor review of a business but don't get your hopes up if you're a pho enthusiast.
5	I am surprised at the bad reviews for this place. My bf and I absolutely love coming here!Service: it can get very busy here and you may have to wait an extra few minutes to be seated (worth the wait!) or to get your check but they have always been very friendly and attentive. Atmosphere: cute little place that is nice and clean!Food: love it all. We always start off with an order of the crispy egg rolls and the veggie spring rolls. They are both so tasty! I normally order the veggie pho which has broccoli and bok choy in it and I love it!! Comes out steaming hot and in a huge bowl. I have tried a couple of their rice dishes and those are great as well but the pho usually wins when I'm deciding! My bf always orders the sirloin pho and loves it as well. He likes to add the extra noodles and meat to his. You won't be disappointed!
4	I go here quite a bit for Pho Tai and Bun Bo Hue. Both are good. Not the best I've had, but certainly not bad at all. The Bun Bo Hue is full of different types of meat, and I love it.Every time, though, the wait to get your food is incredibly long:/ I hope it's because they make-to-order!
3	Food was alright, nothing special. I had pho- didn't like it, couldn't eat it. My Gf had shrimp inna curry sauce along with vigies, that was great and delicious. Service was alright. Place was clean.
5	I absolutely love small family owned restaurants and I happened to stumble upon this little gem ! The staff is friendly and location is always clean, if you love fresh ingredients I defiantly recommend you try this place out. Me favorites are the lemon grass chicken and beef yakisoba... Yum!
4	We eat here often and the food is always very consistent. You will have a small wait during rush hours but it is worth it. Unfortunately they don't have much of a waiting area so usually you are standing by the front door. We enjoy the P1, pho, very good! The servings are sort of small but the prices seem to match up well. Good food and we will continue to visit regularly.
5	This is my favorite place to go. I get the vegetarian pho, And veggies dumplings! A little hot Jasmin hot tea EVERYTIME! Best I've ever had! They know us well and treat us like family!!!!Fee fi PHO yum!!!!
1	I can't write a review about their food, never got a chance to taste it.  Here's why:  I walk in to order take out.  Late afternoon on a Saturday.  I go up to counter and wait to order.  All sorts of people in and our of the counter area but nobody even greets me for about 7 minutes.  Then some old dude takes my order and says it will be 20 min.  20 MIN.!  A little on the slow end but I said fine.  Went and put gas in car, got a smoke, came back 18 minutes later.  I sit in chair at table directly in front of counter.  Guy that took my order sees me but no acknowledgement.  I wait, and wait, and wait.  Nobody bother to acknowledge me or give me status on wait.  It has now been 35 minutes since my order.  At which time they lost my business.  I step outside, got on phone and called Unphogetabble (which is on my way home) and put order, they say 15 minutes.  Take 12 minute drive and pick up already waiting food.  Go home and enjoy food.  Will never step back in Noodles Ranch.  Nobody should be left not knowing about their waiting, left ungreeted while waiting so long at the front counter.  I hope somebody got to take my food home.  I saw all the great reviews, I guess if you got oodles of time the Noodles is alright.  I'll never know.
5	How is it possible I have not written a review for this place? From the check-ins, tips and uploaded pictures, I could swear I moved a cot into the front space of the restaurant to camp out. It's obvious that Pho/noodle houses are a rarity in Scottsdale. I'm not talking about fancy schmancy because any Asian or noodle lover knows the authentic noodle houses aren't about the pretty packaging. It's what is inside. This gem hands down is consistent good food, good service and a price tag that doesn't dent your wallet just because you live in the most livable city of AZ. Pho is the perfect warm, hearty meal when you seek comfort. You get abundant fresh veggies consisting of the usual basil and sprouts, fresh homemade noodles and flavorful broth. I will note that even the veggie pho is incredible with the baby bok choy, broccoli, and just add tofu to the order for your protein substitute. My other go to dish is the item V1, grilled pork and shrimp noodle salad bowl. The grilled flavor of the meats scream such goodness. The egg roll and veggies are perfect crunch. With this kind of healthy and taste that doesn't disappoint, I can't imagine picking greasy food over this kind of option. Let's be honest, the only time grease is an option is for those late night outings. Pho is the perfect hangover cure!!Like any place that offers attentive service and food that never fails to please, you will have a crowd. But the staff is always efficient in cleaning tables and turning it around in time to be out the door to punch in your time clock if needed. I do adore how the entire family and staff take pride in this love nest. They want you to stay and you are never short of a friendly personable greeting by anyone. Why would you eat anywhere else?
5	I love this place!! I have never had a bad experience and the Pho is some of the best in town. Really recommend.
5	There few restaurants with interesting interiors in addition to excellent food. The ranch has a lot to see if you are interested. You might consider for the price of the meal it is food plus a gallery. The large photos, gorgeous tiger/dragon table are two of the visuals. Another diner stated the Goi Du Du salad was bland. Consider the ingrediants because there are many subtle flavors none of which dominate. It is excellent. The Ginger Limeade is very nice but not fabulous. Without anything to compare it with my reaction is baseless. Pho hai san was fantastic but I'm no authority.For my tastebuds the Green Tea Creme Brulee is fantastic!The service is friendly and good in a spotlessly clean environment. I like to hear, but almost never hear ethnic music. Had I been permitted to do so I would have brought Vietnamese music. I wouldn't think of asking but will hear country & western in C & W environment but elevator music in a Vietnamese restaurant? My experience was very good food, atmosphere and service.
