3	I like Primanti's, don't get me wrong - but the fries could be cooked more and the coleslaw could be more flavorful. I might be a slaw zealot - I really like the stuff. But just because you're putting the slaw on the sandwich doesn't mean it shouldn't be good on its own.Upsides: atmosphere, the bread's great, the meat is good, and it's not pricey.
3	I was told that we absolutely had to check this place out, as it's apparently a famous local chain, dating back to the coal mining days. We went there for lunch, at a fairly busy time, so waiting for service took a little while. I was a little confused as to whether we were supposed to order up or just seat ourselves, but it was apparently the latter. Do make sure you catch someone's eye when you're going there for lunch, as they have an upstairs and a downstairs to serve, and, as far as i can tell, barely a handful of people at work.It's probably a good thing we went there, hungry... Each item on the menu is already more than filling, including the so-called "sides." They definitely deliver on their promise that every sandwich ordered is piled high with fries, cole slaw, and tomatoes unless you ask otherwise. The meat might be a little hard to find beneath all these, but, not to worry... it's there, and you can still taste it. Their streetman fries are a heart attack in a basket - fries with chili, cheese, bacon, and sour cream. Don't order it as a side, unless there's quite a few in your party. It really is a meal to itself, and more.It's definitely worth at least one visit.
5	this is the finest eatery in all of the world.  if you hate primanti brothers then you are un-American and hate baby kittens.seriously though, two thick slices of fresh bread, french fries, cole slaw (the good kind, not the mayo covered sloppy kind) grilled meat, cheese and eggs!!!!  add some ketchup and/or hot sauce and wash it down with an IC Light from a plastic cup...that's eatin'believe the hypeit's the best sandwich you're getting in Pittsburgh...and in fear of an onslaught from Philly natives...the best sandwich in PA...hell, it's the best in the USA...meat, cheese, fries, cole slaw on the same sandwich...all they have to do is hide a cheaply made toy from China in there and it's a damned happy meal.
4	You know I don't want to like this place, but I do. However this is not the place for everyone. It is definitely the place to take people when you want them to experience the true nature of Pittsburgh. If you don't like eating with your hands, don't go there. If you require your food to be on a plate, don't go there. If you don't like coleslaw or fries, don't order any of the sandwiches.I don't really recommend the cheese-steak, bec. it's basically a hamburger patty w/ cheese on it. However, I prefer the deli meat sandwiches. And yes the coleslaw and fries come *in* the sandwich. I actually like their coleslaw and their fries, though some people I know didn't like either. I recommend you follow your meal w/ a chaser of Malox.
4	Another one of those things you have to try at least once if you are visiting Pittsburgh for the very first time.  I had seen them on Travel Channel as one of the Top 10 places in the country to Pig Out.  So when we came to Pittsburgh, PA, and was on vacation, I had to try it.  It was as good as advertised.  They put the French Fries in the Sandwich and it is definitely quite unique.  If I am ever back in Pittsburgh, I will definitely grab me another Primanti Brothers Sandwich to Pig Out On!!!
2	Guys- it is gross.No seriously they are going to put cole-slaw in your sandwich.I occasionally take people here when visiting because it is a famous local Pittsburgish thing. A famous local disgusting thing that I subject my visitors to. I do warn them get the to say no coleslaw. They also put fries in your sandwich - that is more OK with me. They don't really have vegetarian anything at all. So go once, and then never again, unless you are subjecting your friends to the experience.
4	This is my favorite Primanti Brothers restaurant. The Oakland location is tops for lunch because you can climb to the second half-level and look down at the grill while all the sandwiches are getting slapped together. As with all Primanti Brothers restaurants, you will get a great heaping sandwich with slaw and fries served on a delicious falling apart white bread. At this location adjacent to the University of Pittsburgh, you get the added bonus of some good beer specials to help wash down your sandwich.
1	All I heard when I first moved to Pittsburgh is how GREAT Primanti brothers is. Well I have eaten and two locations and they have the worst sandwiches I have eaten. EVER!While no one can deny that french fries on a sandwich is awesome, I think we can all agree that the stale non-toasted bread and runny coleslaw make this sandwich taste like I am eating ass. Primanti brothers is a Pittsburgh staple, and Pittsburghers love "their" stuff, but  this is one place they should let die out.
2	When I visited Pittsburgh in July, everyone said I had to try a cheesesteak at Primanti's, so I did. Sliced white bread piled with beef, fries, and coleslaw, and topped with another piece of white bread. I ate the greaseball but didn't think it was very good. The slaw tasted like the stuff from a carton and the fries would have been better on the side. I don't get why people love these sandwiches, but it was lunchtime and I was sober so maybe it's really great when it's 2AM and you're drunk.  I love potato chips in sandwiches but fries in a cheesesteak didn't do it for me.
3	Definitely something that you have to try when you visit Pittsburgh.  Whatever you order, it will be a greaseball.  Ketchup and red devil hot sauce made my sandwich pretty tasty, but I think for that much grease, it should have been phenomenal, not just pretty good.
5	when i was at CMU, there were a few items which i needed to get over the idea of living in pittsburgh for five years - that's the length of the architecture school people so shush - i needed copies of every new calvin & hobbes books which came out.  and the second thing was the kielbasi sandwich at primanti brothers.  not at the one in the strip.  but this one on forbes.of course i get the fries and slaw on it.  how could you not like the slaw here?  i judge all other slaw i've ever had since the first time i bit into the slaw with my first kielbasi sandwich.  so far no go.  their slaw isn't like other slaws.  there's something in it like heroin.  because i used to lick my glued and inked up hands shaking from the third continuous all nighter just to get all the juices running.  and if you ask nicely, they'll put the fries on the side.  though you should ask yourself why.forget the cheesteak.  it's the kielbasi.  the cheesesteak is for tourists.
3	I'm with Patrick H. I give this place 3 Stars because the people who worked there were really friendly, but the sandwich sucked. Granted, I got cajun chicken, which I doubt is their strong suit, but I tasted my friend's pastrami and it wasn't any better.The cole slaw is tasteless and slimy and the fries are soggy. The bread tastes stale and I don't even think it would be good if it were fresh.Oh well. I still say you have to try it since it's such a Pittsburgh institution. And I know people who like them in the middle of the day and sober, too.
3	This is a conditional review. If you're drunk or hungover, Primanti gets 5 stars. Otherwise, it's an unimpressive and unwieldy sandwich. Dry/vinegar cole slaw and french fries along with normal sandwich filling between two thick slices of bread is good, but it's not the transcendent sandwich food network makes it out to be.
2	We just can't put on pounds fast enough, the Primanti Brothers were likely thinking when considering what to put on the menu. How can we inject the maximum amount of calories in the shortest amount of time into our customers? Their solution is Pittsburgh's most famous sandwich.......Sandwiches topped with french fries, cole slaw, tomatoes and onions by request.Next up in the sandwich's evolution? Coca-cola soaked bread? Chocolate shake dressing? We'll have to see...In the meantime, worth a try for the novelty aspect. If the concept doesn't interest you, pass it up.
4	So, yeah, the sandwich is 3 inches tall and has fries in it.  You've got a problem with that?  This puppy tasted better and better with every bite just as it was disintegrating in my hands.  The beer was cheap and plentiful and service was just fantastic.  It's not a gastro-pub,  for sure, but if you expected it to be, then.. come on now...
2	OK, I had to take down my PIF before writing this review.  Personally identifiable photo.The sandwich (Philly steak sandwich) that you've all heard about is a below average sandwich.  It sure is interesting, though!  A crappy little square of ground beef on the frier, topped with greasy fries, passable slaw, and surrounded by unremarkable thick-sliced white bread. Yeah, it is different, and there's a reason a lot of people aren't rushing to rip off their copyright.  I smothered it in Ketchup in order to make it passable. Enough ripping on the fare.  The guys that work there were totally cool, the place has character, and the pints are cheap.  That gets their star rating out of the basement.I guess the place is famous.  I would go their once....
5	Primanti's is a Pittsburgh instituition and they make the single greatest sandwich in the world!  Whether it is late night after the bars are closed, in the middle of the day for lunch, or just for the heck of it for dinner there is nothing better than a pastrami and fries w/ slaw!
2	Dear Primanti Brothers,Yelp says that you are open until midnight on Sunday.The sign on your door says the same thing.So why, Primanti Bros, why at 11:15 tonight were all of your stools up and your doors locked without even an explanation of why you were closed up early?It wasn't like you were cleaning up when we got there. The floor lights were off and the manager was doing the end of the night count. Based on previous experience, I'd say you had been closed since at least 10:30, if not earlier than that.Just as a recap: 10:30 =/= midnight.No love, MeI normally hate the people who write reviews without actually eating at the restaurant, but in this case I felt entitled :\It gets two stars instead of one because I'm an optimistic person who hopes that maybe tonight was just a fluke or an emergency and not just a lazy staff. I might go back someday, but I probably won't bother. BLEH.EDIT: Somebody from this area tells me that that isn't normal and tonight was probably an exception. That's pretty much what I figured, but is a sign to much to ask for?
1	I don't get it.  I like sandwiches, fries, cole slaw and homemade bread.   I was so looking forward to trying Primanti.  I couldn't wait to see what all of the hype was about.   Why then don't I like Primanti?  I've tried a couple of versions  (pastrami, steak) and was completely uninspired.  The bread is blah, the cole slaw is nothing more that shredded cabbage and the meat is not what I would consider to be quality.  While the pastrami is certainly better than the steak (or what THEY call steak), I was not impressed.IMO, the bread's the thing, and with Primanti, the bread is nothing more than what you get out of a supermarket.  A better sandwich would be made on a nice, crusty italian role, then doctor up that "cole slaw" with some vinegar, mayo or something to give it flavor, and use better quality meat and THEN you got a sandwich.  A Philly cheese steak is a much better option.
2	If you come to Pittsburgh, you have to make a stop at Primanti Brothers. It has been featured on several travel and food shows like Man Vs. Food.My friend took me here for dinner and each of us ordered a cheesesteak, which is considered the #2 best seller. This sandwich is HUGE! Mainly because of all the coleslaw and french fries piled high within the sandwich. The cheesesteak itself was okay and the meat looked processed. Not that great. However, the bread is nice and soft. I also ordered a pint of Yuengling on draft. Good beer...If I do come back, I'm interested in trying the roast beef. It seems like this restaurant is hit or miss depending on what you order. Also the original location is in the Strip district while this location is near the University of Pitt campus, so lots of college students.
2	I recently eated at Primanti Brothers last time I visited Pittsburgh to see my family.When i was young, my family used to drive into the city to have these great big sandwiches.So when i went there, i was severly disappointed on how different the sandwiches are. Much smaller and a bit overpriced for what you get. Not that its horrible or anything, just not good value for money.
4	Other than the Steelers, Penguins and maybe the Pirates, nothing says Pittsburgh like a sandwich stuffed with coleslaw and french fries and the words  " Primanti Brothers ".Open almost all night, fresh food and over-stuff sandwiches are the key ingredients to this successful business which now has. I believe, 7 in-town locations  ( Oakland, Strip District, 2 Downtown, South-Side, Heinz Field and PNC Park ) as well as 7, or more, suburban locations.Eat one in and get another for your meal another day.
2	I thought I saw how awesome these sanwhiches were on the Travel Channel. I ordered the #2. It was very bland. Burger was dry and fries had almost no taste. I never add salt to my meals but this one needed it. It wasn't until later that I found out that the Pastrami was the one to order. Good service great prices and Pitt atmosphere.
1	Fries, coleslaw, meat, and thick italian bread.  These could be a good combination if any one of the ingredients was quality - but they aren't.  Throw in a blaring TV, homeless people at the bar, and a sticky, dirty floor and you have a recipe for miserable meal.College kids like this spot, but when did they ever know what they were talking about?
3	Ever since seeing Primanti Brothers featured on both Food Network and Man vs Food, I developed a craving for the famed Pittsburgh stuffed sandwich.  On a recent trip to the Steel City, I went to the Forbes Ave. (Oakland) location for a sample.Even around 9PM on a Wednesday, the place was pretty packed.  Took a seat and was immediately asked what I wanted.  They have over 20 sandwich options, so I needed a moment to figure out my selection.  I opted for the cheesesteak, which they proclaim is their #2 most requested.  Oddly, they do not tell you what the top pick is.  Anyway, ordered a tall Yuengling (it is much better on draft than in the bottle, so don't hate) and within minutes my sandwich arrived.  It's a good thing the bread is so squishy, otherwise it would be impossible to get the thing in your craw.  Be advised on the cheesesteak, though.  This is not the Philly version.  In fact, the meat looked like some pre-formed, processed patty.   Despite this, the sandwich was tasty with nicely contrasting flavors and textures.  Although I should have been as stuffed as the sandwich afterwards, I was still feeling a little hungry.  I ordered a capicola (at the recommendation of our waitress) and ate it back at the hotel.  That was a much tastier and more satisfying version.You can buy tall boys and 6 packs to-go at this location.  May have something to do with its proximity to the colleges.  By the way, this is not the original location.  That would be the one in the Strip district, which is also the one featured on TV.
5	I go to Primanti's about once per month, and it has to be a horrible day for me to go- one of those sleep deprived, headachey Mondays. On those days, Primanti's is what picks me back up. I almost always get a hot sausage sandwich with fried egg, and there's no better comfort food on earth- it's an earthquake of spicy, meaty, blue-collar goodness. It's ambrosia to my rust-belt soul.I'm very sad seeing the number of horrible reviews people have given this place. I'm a current customer, so I know it's not the case that the place has just "gone downhill" or whatever. I don't know what people are expecting when they walk in the door, but it's clear that a lot of folks aren't quite getting the magic of the place and its food. It's been said that Pittsburgh has a "nostalgia-industrial complex", and maybe that's part of it: I go to Primanti's when I need to remind myself of who I am, where I've come from, and where I'm going. I know that that sounds terribly hokey, but it's the honest-to-God truth. Going to Primanti's is like going back home after a hard day, and seeing people trash it in their reviews gives me the same feeling I imagine I'd get if I saw someone belittling their own child's artwork: the point isn't to decide whether it's a world-class technical masterpiece... the point is to enjoy it for its uniqueness and its idiosyncrasies.
2	downgraded to 1.5 stars.After hearing raving reviews, I decide to give this place a shot. I walked in and sat at the bar.  The cook was standing there looking at his phone and didn't greet us until we said something(all the while still looking at his phone).I decided to get the corned beef sandwich since it was recommended to me by some people.  Easy on the coleslaw and fries.  I also tried their chili.Even being easy on the coleslaw and fries, it was a pretty big sandwich.  The fries and coleslaw definitely overshadowed the corned beef.  The sandwich was decent but definitely not amazing as some reviews would say.  The fries could have been cooked a little bit longer imo.Update:I didn't want to do a complete update as I only went back for the "almost famous chili" the 2nd time around.  I have to say they totally butchered the chili.  It's probably "almost famous" for being the worst made chili ever. It was practically tomato soup with onions.  VERY little beans and beef.  I wouldn't even call this chili.  Sorry but if a fast food joint like Wendy's can make better and heartier chili than this place, something is wrong.  The only thing they got right was the bread and butter.  This place is just a novelty eats imo.
3	i know this place is semi-famous, i think especially after jake gyllenhall (sp?) talked about it on leno, but what is the big deal??? i just don't understand. cole slaw? fries? big whoop.
1	Ordered a fish sandwich, the kid looked up at the menu and said "huh?". I said "...A jumbo fish and cheese". Silence, awkward stare. He looked up at the menu again, then took my partner's order.Behind the counter, I noticed him chattering a bit with his co-workers, again looking up at the menu. After a few minutes, he returned to my table and said to me "I'm sorry... what did you say you wanted?" "A fish sandwich", I replied. "Oh, it's just that no one really ever orders those..." Great, I was sure this sandwich is going to turn out awesome.About ten minutes later, our sandwiches arrived. All fine and dandy, except my friend did not order a sandwich. She ordered garbage fries or some facsimile thereof. He apologized for the mistake, looked understandably embarassed and returned with her correct order a few minutes later.Now these garbage fries... they were a sight to be hold. More like fry soup. The paper boat was literally sopping with liquid, and I'm surprised it didn't capsize in its own goop. The cheese was more like campbells cheese soup from a can, completely liquid, and drowning the doomed french fries. Not only could this cheese/fry mixture have easily been mistaken for a college culinary experiment gone horribly wrong, it was also bland as hell. Some things are ugly but taste great, and this was not one of them. Equally disappointing was the fact that the "bacon" was in fact "bacon bits", fake and salty little pink crumbs of preservatives.After expressing distaste for our experience to a different waitress, and pointing at our uneaten fry/soup-boat, we were only met with "Oh, whats wrong with it?", and not a single mention of a refund.Don't get me wrong, I've been here before and ordered more "commonplace" items I guess, and they've been stellar. We just had one rotten experience, maybe yours will be better.
1	Every food show that comes to Pittsburgh focuses its lasers on Primanti Brothers. Man Vs. Food loved it! Diners, Drive-ins & Dives raved about it! Native Pittsburghers raise it to Untouchable status. In fact, it seems nearly sacrilege to live in Pittsburgh and not love Primanti Brothers.Quite frankly, though, there isn't much to love. I've lived in Pittsburgh for three years, and everyone who visits demands a trip to Primanti Brothers. So I take them. I've been more times than I care to admit, so I feel more than qualified to bash this place.I'ma break it down for you piece by piece.1. The Bread: Folks love the bread! It's thickly-sliced and freshly baked! It makes the sandwich unmanageably large, though; you spend more time mashing the sandwich into a fittable size than you do actually eating it. Additionally, the bread is so thick it overpowers the meat and sticks to the roof of your mouth in a most unpleasant manner. 2. The Meat: Really bad quality. The "steak" is worse than Steak-ums. It's actually worse than the rubber mats that line the floor behind the bar. Saying it has flavor is a compliment. And the "Big Fish"? Gag. Van de Kamps. If that. 3. The Cole Slaw: Tastes like cabbage that's been soaked in vinegar. It has crunch, but that's about all it has.4. The French Fries. Meh. Bland. And all this is glopped together, sliced, and served, rather unceremoniously, on wax paper. Many see this as Down n' Dirty or Good Ol' Boy style. No Frills. Truly American. I see it as Not Much To Brag About.
5	Wow, people obviously don't understand Primanti's...I went to college in Pittsburgh, and I think I speak for most students in the Oakland area when I say that Primanti's is a vital part of our memories/experience there. Personally I still get cravings for a steak and cheese (no slaw, thanks).Bottom line: Primanti's is one of a kind, and I guess Yelpers either love it or they hate it. I for one LOVE IT.
2	So Primanti Brothers is definitely something you must try if you are visiting Pittsburgh, but that's about all you're going to do...try it and probably not come back.It's an interesting sandwich with thick bread (not toasted), choice of meat, coleslaw, option for onions and of course fries in the sandwich.  The fries are not that flavorful and were quite dry when I had it.  I ordered it with easy fries and slaw and it still overpowered the sandwich.  The overall sandwich is not bad, but it's definitely not amazing or even up to par with other sandwich shops. I would recommend trying it at least once and I can see myself venturing back here every couple of months or so if someone new is in town to visit, but it is definitely not at the top of my list.
1	After all the hype, the sandwich was made with old fries that tasted as if the oil they were fried in had not been changed in months. Add spoiled Cole slaw and nothing tastes good. I definitely appreciate the college town feel of the place, however the food is awful. Everyone talks about it being an experience, and it actually is an experience, one you do not need to try. Stay away, not good !
5	I'm pretty shocked that Primanti's doesn't have 5 stars across the board, but I guess some people don't know good food when they see it. I agree with the reviewer who said that people either love or hate Primantis, but personally I think the people who hate it just don't quite understand it. People: this is not gourmet food. This is greasy, artery-clogging trucker food. Adjust your expectations before going in, and you'll have a great experience. Don't go to Primantis if you don't want to get stuffed on bad-for-you-but-oh-so-good food. It's really that simple. The Oakland location is my favorite precisely because I love the dingy, dirty atmosphere. I enjoy sitting on the second floor and looking out over all the other diners enjoying their food, but it's also fun to pull a seat up at the bar and watch the guys behind the counter do their work. It's impressive. Plus, my boyfriend and I have discovered that the sandwiches served at the bar are actually bigger than the ones served at the table! (Not that it needs to get any bigger.)My favorite is the double egg and cheese, though if I'm feeling crazy I'll add bacon. You can't go wrong with the sausage, either: sweet or hot, take your pick.  If I lived in the Burgh, I'd probably go all the time and maybe get sick of it and want to write a bad review, but as it stands, the five or six times a year I get to enjoy a Primantis sandwich are some of my happiest food experiences.
1	This is the most overrated eatery in pittsburgh. Native peeps will take advantage of every opportunity to brag about their beloved primanti bros. Don't listen to them. I've debated the merits of primanti's with my friend, Eric (pretty much the most magnificent person in all of pittsburgh (if not the world)). But, not even Eric's dulcet tones could voice a convincing argument for primanti bros. "Uhhh, well, primanti bros was featured in a national geographic issue" -- yeah, and that's why the national geographic should just stick to covering animals and shit. Bottom line:Unless you're a fan of soggy fries with mounds of cole slaw served on dry crumbling bread, primanti bros will only lead to disappointment.
4	I had eaten at a number of Primanti's location around Pittsburgh, but this past weekend was my first stop at the shop in Oakland.  I found the sandwiches at this location to be more generous (more slaw, more fries, etc) than at the suburban shops.  Everyone in my party of five thought the same thing, and the quality was as good or better than other Primanti's I have eaten at.Service, on the other hand, was lacking a little bit.  While the server was attentive to the point of getting our meals to us, after that we were on our own.  After waiting about 15 minutes for our check, the cook behind the counter was gladly willing to check us out when I asked.  Note that this location does not accept credit cards, and we had to use the ATM in the building lobby because the PNC ATM up the block was out of order.  Bring cash!The quality of the food and the college-town ambiance helped ensure the 4-star rating, even though the service was a bit lackluster.
2	After seing all the hype from TV, I came here with family local to Pittsburgh expecting delicious local eats.  Now I'm not even sure it's worth the experience of being able to say you've come here.The portions are huge and cheap, but the buck stops there.  The Pitts-Burgher Cheese Steak wasn't cheesy or steaky.  The meat was more like a dried out morning sausage patty.  The "Colossal Fish & Cheese" sandwich was definitely colossal with a generous fried fish fillet, but the fillet had that old fishy taste... I almost prefer McDonald's Fillet-O-Fish.  The sandwiches are so big you wonder how you'll shove it all into your mouth, but when you finally manage, the flavor and texture contrast is really underwhelming despite the number of layers.  The bread is delicious and soft, the meat is so-so, the coleslaw makes everything vinegar'y, and the fries just make everything starchy in my mouth.Alas I'm guilty of being a tourist here.  This place seems to be a more fun hang-out during game days when you're sharing a pint over the table.  Love the history of this place, not the food.  Isn't that why Beer is the #1 Seller over the Cheesesteak?
3	I've eaten at various Primanti Brothers locations, usually this one on Forbes, but they're all pretty similar.First, it's a Pittsburgh institution, so I definitely recommend eating here if you're only in Pittsburgh for a few days.  It's unique, you get an unholy amount of food for pennies on the dollar.  In fact, for total calories per dollar, Primanti Brothers could compete in a national championship. On the other hand, you have to tell it like it is.  The service is horrible, and when they're busy (which seems like always), you will stand in line forever.  It's pretty impersonal, although it is impressive to watch the cooks.  It's also fun to listen to the arteries clogging all around you.Just based on medical advice, I would not recommend eating here more than once in your life, but you should definitely eat here once.
3	I ate the steak and cheese. It was ok I was not as impressed as I thought I would be. It was nonetheless good, I will try a different one next for sure and definitely with less coleslaw
4	locals seem to either love or hate this place. personally i don't feel the need to stop here every time i'm in pittsburgh, but about once a year i get a serious craving.beyond the novelty factor of it, the sandwiches are good as shit. there's something about the fries and coleslaw and bread that compliment the meat and cheese perfectly.363 days until i return...
4	Awesome sandwiches and great beer prices!  I was impressed and plan to come back when I am in town.
5	Used to come here at least once a month if not more when I went to college. Still get the cravings for it as it is your Pittsburgh tradition. Whenever I come back to town, Primanti Brothers is a stop that I must knock off my to do list. The combination of the bread, tomato, cole slaw, fries, cappicola and cheese are unlike any other. I've even tried to make one of these when I lived in St. Louis but it just was not the same.
4	My extended family lives outside of Pittsburgh.  Before a visit in 2006, Chevy ran an ad in Sports Illustrated about the All Star Game in Pittsburgh.  The ad had a picture of the giant silly sandwich in front of the restaurant and of course, I had to try it.  So I brought the picture with me, had my cousin drive me around when I got off the plane and we found it!I had the sandwich just like the picture.  We all really liked it.  Normally, I like food that's simple, you know, not trying to hard.  I've had tons of good pastrami and - like barbecue - if it's done well you don't need to dress it up much.  This sandwich, fully dressed, is a lot of fun though.  It was delicious and the restaurant's a real treat.  From an outsider's point of view, an outsider who loves local food, it's a great Pittsburgh icon.
4	Want to stack the cards on getting a heart attack before any of your friends?? Get a meal here!!! ;) Fries, slaw, meat, cheese, dressing, giant rolls of bread... it all adds up to one amazingly yummy Primanti Bro's dinner! Its not nearly the only place in the country that does this kind of sandwich, but its the only one I know of in Pittsburgh that does... so go for it! :)
3	Yes, this is a Pittsburgh staple and if you're in town you should check it out IF you like artery clogging sandwiches WITH fries AND cole slaw on it. Yes! ON IT! Look at the logo. Okay, im done being a smartass. I get slightly offended when people think this is "Pittsburgh's best" or a "must visit" because they seen it on tv. - those guys get paid to eat and rave about these places. Long story short, its a piece of pittsburgh history...its not the greatest eatery but I think its okay. I've only had the cheese sandwich and fries with cheese sauce. The sandwich is filling...I usually take a slice of bread off and eat it open faced with a fork and the cheese sauce they use (for the side of fries) is obviously powder mixed with too much water. JB always orders the pastrami with a fried egg and he's content with it.If you're visiting pittsburgh and you want a quick, cheap bite of local histoy but aren't in the mood for anything fancy then maybe check it out. After reading these reviews this doesn't sound like your cup of tea then avoid. Pittsburgh has a lot to offer when it comes to dining.
4	best sandwich in all of Pittsburgh! I love their corned beef! This is truly a Pittsburgh staple and is always at the TOP of my list whenever I come to Pitt. This location is smaller than the one in the packing district with a lot less seating, this location is better for take out.
3	It was my first time in Pittsburgh so my friend brought me to a place she considers a Pittsburgh specialty and staple. Let's just say that the sandwiches here are very obnoxious and manly. There are potato fries stickin out with piles of coleslaw. The sandwich isn't bad per se, but not really to my liking. Do not go here on a date. It's messy. I don't like fries in my sandwich. I felt like the main seasoning of the sandwich was pepper. However, I did think the choice of thick white bread was interesting.
2	I think TIM C sent me here to die when he recommended I eat here on my brief stop in Pittsburgh.  I think I got some chest pain eating that sandwich---not the kind from love, the kind from MYOCARDIAL INFARCTION.  Definitely a heavy sandwich.  Heavy on the fries.  Heavy on the thick WHITE bread (us health nuts like wheat/whole grain).  I lost the tomato in all the slaw.  Thumbs up for the slaw.  It was not a pretty sandwich and you will definitely not look pretty eating it BUT---worth a try.
4	A must-try because it's famous and unique.  I personally like the knockwurst and/or capicola with egg.  Put some ketchup on the bottom of your basket, mix with some tabasco, and dip the sandwich.  That's the way I like it!
5	I'm from Delaware so when I think of a great sandwich I think of a Philly cheese steak or a sub from Capriotis. I love this place. I got the capicola and cheese... With tomato, french (freedom?) fries, and coleslaw of course. Fresh bread, meat and cheese, what's not to like? Next time I'll get mine with a fried egg. I also had their own Iron City beer which they gave me a to-go cup for which I thought was awesome. Easily one of the best sandwiches I've had in ages. I cannot recommend them enough!
3	Expect what you read from other reviews. Yes everything comes with fries and coleslaw, and yes, it will do significant damage to your body immeidately upon consumption. Will you enjoy it? Probably. It's super cheap, food comes out pretty fast, and one thing is for sure... you won't be hungry for more!
3	I am not a hater on Primanti Bro's.  I love me a Capicola & Cheese (double meat, and egg) any day of the week, but I was not impressed by this location at all because of the service. You can get a Primanti Sandwich from every corner of this city.  I would believe that if you are going to go to the one on Forbes, where they only serve their famous sandwiches, it would be a unique experience.  Actually it turned out to be a LONG experience, a lot longer than expected.  I got there around 1:30 in the afternoon, so I would assume after the lunch rush or towards the end at least.  In any case, the place was not packed, busy, but not overwhelming busy.   We were quickly seated, but it took about 20 minutes before a waitress even took our orders, and that was the easy part.  Over the next 30 minutes we waited for three Primanti sandwiches, nothing special, just with egg on all three and a couple double meat.  Finally the sandwiches arrived, no double meat.  At this point, I really didn't care because I was so hungry, so I just enjoyed the feast that was before me.  The only reason why I am not rating this place lower, after the experience, is because the waitress was nice enough to apologize and not charge out us for the double meat (which we never got) and the sandwich  was as usual, l'awesome.
5	I've been to a number of Primanti's locations, and it's always been ho hum. But as a true Pittsburgher, I try to enjoy it for novelty's sake. Well I don't know if I came on a good day, or there was a good crew on last night, but I had the best Primanti's sandwich I ever had at the location in Oakland last night. The place was near empty, so service was prompt and my Ragin Cajun sandwich was prepared fresh. For once, the fries were well done and crispy, not soggy and practically raw like at the more harried locations. The cole slaw was well seasoned and so was the chicken. It was spicy with a little zing and really just perfect. THIS was the Primanti's sandwich all patrons should get to experience. Hopefully my luck will be just as good next time.
4	I've only been to this location on a visit from out of town. The sandwiches are tasty and the prices are good. You can sit up in the loft and see the whole kitchen from a bird's eye view.
4	Come here for the "famous" cole-slaw-and-french-fry-topped sandwiches. It's a great place to bring out-of-towners. The prices aren't bad, and the Forbes location is in the heart of Oakland, so within walking distance of a lot of great hangouts.
2	Wow, can you say OVERRATED? I'm from Chicago and am not sure if people in PA are just used to average food but this was a bit of a disappointment! I had looked forward to trying this sandwich for awhile and it did not live up to the hype. BLAND BLAND BLAND. Fortunately they have malt vinegar there so I could add a little flavor. Mayo helped as well. I had capicola and cheese. Everything was just tasteless from the slaw to the meat. The fries arent bad but it doesnt make a sandwich automatically good by smashing a bunch on them. I'm a big fan of the idea but this was not satisfactory. My friend had the cheese steak which was a processed cube of steak. He was also dissatisfied. The beer mightve been the best part. I was turned on to Yuengling during my visit and am not a lager fan but it is a tasty beer! The service was acceptable but we did end up there around 4:30. The thick, handcut slices of bread are pleasing but it gets served in a small basket and impossible to find the bottom of the sandwich. Very messy. Oh and I heard them saying they had 38 loaves of bread left at about 5pm on a Fri night. They claim to be open til 2am. You do the math. I may try a sandwich at the original location at some point in my life but my initial impression was a total letdown.
4	Yes, it is touristy.  Yes, it is busy.  Yes, it is unhealthy. Come on folks, you know what you're in for before you even walk through the door.  Primanti Brothers is an authentic, Pittsburgh experience.  I got the turkey and cheese and my husband got the capicola and cheese. Both sandwiches were absolutely enormous.  I couldn't even finish half of it.The thing that impressed me the most was the service.  Our server was spot on.  I can't believe how on top of things she was with all the tables she had to serve, wow. Tip: try to sit in the balcony so you can watch the kitchen from a bird's-eye view
2	Coleslaw and fries in your sammich tastes just as good as it sounds.If you think it sounds awesome, then you'd probably find it awesome.If you think it sounds nasty, then you'd probably find it nasty.If you think it sounds questionable and confusing, then your'e not alone, because that's exactly how I felt after eating it, too.  Why, Primanti Brothers, why??
4	I like trying well-known places in various cities. I like it even better when they actually taste good!Such is the case with Primanti Brothers. You get a gigantic, unique sandwich piled with cole slaw and french fries for a decent price. And it tastes good! I had the triple cheese one. The french fries are tasty and done well, and the cole slaw is peppery and vinegary and that's it, which I like. It wasn't crowded for a late dinner on Monday night, and service was decent. I think it's worth checking out, if just for how different the sandwiches are (and greasy delicious).
5	Took our friends visiting from out of town and they loved it. I tend to prefer this particular location because it's not usually overcrowded like other locations, which in turn leads to better food. Our server was very friendly, and the food came out nice and tasty.I actually would NOT recommend the cheese steak...no flavor really. But their other sandwiches are great. I usually get the Cajun chicken sandwich.
5	I've been hearing about Primanti's for literally my entire life. My mother grew up in the Pittsburgh area, and is fond of recounting the time her aunt took her to the original location on Penn Ave. Her mother pitched a fit because back then, it was "not a good area". And...that's the whole story, actually. I guess you could call it more of an anecdote...This weekend, I was in town with my parents and my brother, scouting out apartments in the city. One thing we could all agree on (a rare feat indeed): a stop at this famous spot was a must. After walking around in the steamy hot weather, our stomachs ravenously insisting on a rather-late lunch, we finally rolled into the location at Pitt around 2.30.It was perfect. No one was there. Two of us got cheesesteaks (weirdly, they use patties instead of shaved steak), and two of us got pastrami with provolone (YES!). I've always particularly liked weird items on sandwiches, and fries and coleslaw would certainly fit that bill for some people. But really, it's an excellent combination. Their slaw isn't gloppy and heavy: it's dressed in a zesty, peppery vinaigrette, not a speck of mayo to be found (which is exactly how I like it). Their fries aren't greasy or overly salty: hot and crispy, they're a perfect complement to the cool, tangy taste of the slaw.  The prices are reasonable. Considering you get your fries IN the sandwich, and the priciest selection tops out at around $7, it's plenty of food for your buck. Plus, as my dad remarked, "Half a sandwich is honestly plenty". However, we did all end up stuffing down the rest, because a good sandwich is always worth the ensuing food coma.  I can guarantee I will be making a return visit.
4	Cole slaw on a sandwich: yum!  I'm pretty neutral on the fries.  Not a fan of the "cheesesteak" (it's a square-ish patty... thing =\ ).  Usually I get the roast beef w/cheese, which is awesome.  Come hungry, or share a sandwich and sides.  Pickles are great on the side.Aside from the food: Be aware if you're squeamish that it's not the cleanest place around.  It's questionable whether they've ever cleaned the floor.  It can actually be difficult to make it out the front door due to your shoes slipping on the grease.  I find this pretty funny though....
4	A truly unique experienceMy wife discovered this place and it was recommended by so many of our friends that we had to try it. Both of us ordered the fish sandwich and the idea of the additional cole slaw and tomato with french fries all in one was a bit much to handle for me. But it was no contest for my better half.Great crunch, good finish, the cheese gave it a nice flavour and I would definitely do it again.My only disappointment is that I found the fries to be about half cooked and I wish they fried 'em longer.Completely unique, great service at the restaurant as well.If you are in Pittsburgh, do not miss this.
4	Sandwiches here are HUGE! I made the mistake of ordering separate fries completing forgetting that fries are inside the sammie.The bread is fresh and flavorful without being overly oily. They're very generous with their meat portion of the sandwich.It's the place to go if you're visiting Pittsburgh for the 1st time.
2	The sandwiches here are filling. I like the cole-slaw because it's made with oil and vinegar, and not mayonnaise. There's really nothing else to write home about. The meat is decent, but the fries on the sandwich are somewhat soggy. The fries and bread have the same texture, and so it's kind of the same consistency throughout most of the sandwich. Maybe if the fries were a little crispier it'd taste better, but that's just a hypothetical. A sandwich is about 7 bucks and certainly is filling, yet it's not all that palatable. I think it's mostly name recognition at this point.
2	I thought I'd love Primanti Brothers. Places like this are my thing. But I give it a big MEH. I ordered the cheesesteak. Risky move for a Philly girl off her home turf. First mistake. How dare they call this patty of meat product cheesesteak!?! But okay, fine. Besides that, the fries are soggy and bland, and overwhelm the sandwich with their blandness. I pulled most of them off. The bread is bland and floppy -- not sturdy enough for it's job. The best part is the slaw which is a little zippy at least, but not enough to redeem this tower of bland.
2	I hate to diss an icon, but I thought it was bland. And when I'm inhaling food that will eventually result in death, it'd better be damn good.Flies buzzing around, kinda gross. The servers were really friendly, though.
1	Would a stop in Pittsburgh really be a stop in Pittsburgh if I didn't stop into Primanti Brothers to have a sandwich?  Absolutely NOT.  I swear, we landed, checked into the hotel, and then immediately went to the first Primanti Brothers we saw and ordered their #1 and #2 best sellers.  Then we burned the place to the ground so nobody makes that mistake again. You're welcome.Things to try: I find the ashes from the burnt remnants of this establishment to be slightly better than their sandwiches.
1	I'm sorry guys, really, I understand every place has to have something they can boast and call their own, but with all of the hype, I was beyond greatly disappointed in the food. Soggy as a rain drenched rat and as tasteless as one of the Kardashians. I am all for a good corned beef sandwich, when I find one, but not here. Seriously, save you time and energy fighting with a crowd and go to Sammy's instead. At least you can taste the meat on their sandwiches. The single star isn't to be spiteful, but for the shattered expectations.
2	Their sandwich scared me. It was way too overwhelming. i'm still contemplating if I ever want to go back....
3	It's a sandwich.  A huge sandwich with fries and coleslaw on it.  Primanti's is one of those places people love or love to hate, but I'm just ok with it--I don't really think it's fair for me to give a bad review, since I'm not a big meat eater and only get the cheese.I find myself eating here once a week or so during the school year, and when I do, I don't have to eat another meal that day.  So...if you're hungry, in Oakland, and haven't stopped here I would recommend giving it a shot.
2	Local dining icons deserve their own criteria for recognition.  That said, adding sliced tomato, coleslaw and a pile of fries to a deli sandwich defines the Primanti as a Pittsburgh-area institution.  Their cheesesteaks will never threaten the best of Philly's, nor will their pastrami or corned beef be mistaken for New York deli; this only serves to make the Primanti style unique.  I find their meats to be generally good, and reasonably generous.  Tomato on a corned beef sandwich can only be regarded as an acquired taste.  Personally, I'm not a fan of loading a sandwich with fries, but again, this is a matter of preference.  The assembled work is a massive sandwich which invites a machismo-driven, face-first dive into its mismatched imperfection.  After the second or third surfacing-for-air, the conclusion I've always had was of an enjoyable adventure.  Prices are downright cheap.
4	The following review is based on an actual conversation (if by "actual" you mean "embellished for literary panache")."Primanti's is the best! It's a Pittsburgh institution!""It's terrible.  The sandwiches are over-rated.  It's a novelty act!""Screw you!""Bite me!""I can't believe I married you!""I can't believe I ever asked you to marry me!!"This type of argument seems to abound on Yelp.  So just try Primanti's and decide for yourself.  I do agree that the cheesesteak isn't that great, but I would highly recommend the capicola.  The spiciness of that meat works well with the coleslaw.
3	Primanti Bros is a unique and solid Pittsburgh delicacy. Not only was my sandwich tasty, the sandwich itself could have fed three of me. Boyfriend had the pimanti cheesesteak, which isn't actually a cheesesteak. I had the salami sandwich but forgot to ask for cheese. It was still good. If I lived here, I would take visitors here for a taste of local flavor, but the sandwiches aren't exactly my dish... it's too much food and not easily kept as left-overs.
4	A Pittsburgh staple. I had to go, well, I was highly suggested to go. This was a perfect meal for a Saturday night. Not too greasy, filling and cheap. I've written in another review that Pittsburgh has great bread and Primanti Brothers falls into that category. The soft Italian bread envelopes a tasty sandwich of your choice. I opted for the cheese steak, but I should've gone with turkey. (next time!) Each Primanti Brothers sandwich comes with coleslaw and french fries on it. Yes, in the sandwich. Since I was in the PIttsburgh staple, I went with my friends suggestions and had an Iron City brew too. Uh, perfect.
4	2 words: Pleasantly surprisedAfter the mediocre reviews on yelp and my brother's average comments about this place, I was reluctant to try this place, but it was on MvF, so how could I not? I was in Pittsburgh for 20 hours (got in at 11pm and was leaving at 7pm the next day). Turned out my hotel was a few blocks from this location and it was open till midnight, so as fate would have it, I gorged.I didn't want to mess up my one and only shot to get Primanti Bros, so I wavered and asked the employee what I should get since I was debating between the corned beef or pastrami. AHA! There was a corned beef/pastrami combo. DONE.I really enjoyed my sandwich. Meaty, carby, cheesy, crunchy, delicious. The meat was nice and tender, the russian dressing was a classic addition, the fries were fresh and hot. It was all really good. Was it the best pastrami/corned beef, I've ever had in my life? Not quite, but it is damn good. I'd definitely go back.I even ran back to my hotel at 11:30pm so I could hurry up and eat it and it was still good. Also, it helped burn off 10 of the 1000+ calorie dinner.
3	A Pittsburgh must-visit with good (not great) sandwiches in very generous portions.  Family restaurant/sports bar range atmosphere.
2	Alright internetz, I have a confession to make:I can't stand this place.My Pittsburgh friends will probably chide me for this...but I don't care.  It needs to be said.  I grew up in the small-ish town of Wheeling, WV.  It's about 45 minutes from Pittsburgh and I spent many weekends up there with family roaming the strip district and cheering on the Steelers.  I went to college in Pittsburgh and a few years after graduating moved back and lived in Pittsburgh again.  I've tried multiple Primanti locations.  I've tried it multiple times throughout my childhood and 20s.  I've tried different sandwiches.  I've tried it drunk.I just...don't get it.Maybe it's my hatred of cole slaw?  Maybe it's the fact that every time I've had one of these sandwiches the meat seems dried out, the bread seems stale, the fries are too greasy, and I just can't find anything to be excited about.  Nothing blows me away.  And I can appreciate a delicious, simple sandwich.  This just isn't it.Probably one of the most over-hyped, over-rated places in the burgh.  Sorry yinz, I'm just not a fan.  Knocked it up to two stars only because the people working at the restaurants are uber friendly and accommodating.
2	Primanti Brothers, though iconic, doesn't live up to its widespread popularity. While Primanti's sandwiches are acceptable, they're certainly not the best in Pittsburgh, let alone Oakland.Primanti's take on cole slaw acts as the unsung hero of the sandwich. Rather than the traditional, mayonnaise heavy, leaden version of the stuff Primanti's delicately flavors their cabbage with vinegar, herbs, and black pepper. The result is sweet, tangy, fresh, and crisp. The sandwiches warrant a taste for the fabulous cole slaw alone. That being said, it does not complement many of the meats on the menu particularly well, so make sure you order a meat that offers a salty or spicy contrast to the tangy slaw. These include corned beef, pastrami, kielbasa, fish, and capicola. The more mildly flavored meats fail to meet the sandwich's potential.The better known gimmick of course with Primanti's is the fries on the sandwiches, which makes their product instantly recognizable. Unfortunately, the fries are often improperly cooked and tragically underseasoned, so it's more like you're eating soggy, bland, boiled spuds rather than crisp, flavorful fries. I do appreciate the handcut slices of Italian bread, but the stuff has little character outside a crisp crust. It really serves no other purpose than holding everything together (which it surprisingly does well) but I like my bread with flavor.All told, while Primanti's is a Pittsburgh icon, the sandwich fails to excel in most ways. Try it once for the cole slaw, then go elsewhere.
3	Their sandwiches are good, but not my favorite. Fries and cole slaw on my sandwich just aren't my style. Always dirty in the store, I don't mind brushing a few crumbs off the table but darn it, clean up a little.
4	When I heard that the Primanti Brothers was known for sandwiches stacked high with cole slaw and fries, I thought it sounded disgusting. Don't get me wrong, I love fries. But fries in a sandwich? really? That's ridiculous. Also, I don't like cole slaw. Of course, since I was only here for a weekend, I HAD to try it.I ordered the cajun chicken sandwich and of course, I left it as is- stacked with cole slaw and fries. The sandwich was massive! I couldn't actually take a bite into the entire thing - I had to take it apart and take it in piece by piece. When I finally got a mouth full of everything, I was surprised. It was really good! I was surprised how tender and flavorful the chicken tasted and the fries were great! It's really just like having potatoes in your sandwich. Also, the cole slaw was not bad either. The thick bread was real buttery and tasty too.Obviously not a healthy option but I would say Primanti Brothers is definitely something one should try in Pittsburgh.
2	My husband said it very accurately: "its a once in a lifetime experience."  We tried it because it was our first time in Pittsburg, but next time we visit we will pass.  It seems to me that the sandwiches are not anything great once you look past its size.  I ate it with the fries and cole slaw, but I could have done without the fries.  It is just a filler.The atmosphere as fun and very casual.
3	There are a few things you need to do if you visit Pittsburgh: see a Penguins game (or at least visit) the Consol Energy Center, view the downtown skyscrapers from one of the many picturesque view points across one of the bridges, and complain about the Primanti Brothers sandwich with a few Steelers fans.In theory, it sounds like it would be fun to fit as much as you can between two loaves of bread; however, it is not as appeasing in practice. The best game-plan that I can offer is to try to bite the sandwich as is for the first bite in order to appreciate the experience, and then to "accidentally" allow the french fries to fallout during the second bite so that you can appreciate the food.This location is also a memento for many Pitt students as a few late night journeys involve a stop here.
3	Okay, so I'm not a Pittsburgher by blood and I couldn't avoid all the hype about this place when I first came to college at UPITT. In one word I would say that this place is a gimmick. The fries aren't great, the slaw is not coleslaw but vinegar-ed and peppered cabbage, meat portions are minuscule... the only thing that's really good about the sandwiches is the bread which varies depending on when you go. On a good day it's super fresh and soft. Pittsburghers love french fries on everything... that's the Pittsburgh way. But there are better combinations and better places to get your Pittsburgh-style cuisine. Eat here to say that you've tried it and then move on to new and better restaurants.
2	When will the food hype finally understand that BIG does not necessarily equate to GOOD? Primanti Bros was featured on TV for its enormous sandwiches, which in addition to a generous helping of meat also feature fries stuffed in between two slices of bread. That's what made them famous, that's what got them on national TV.The quality is above average, and as expected, the fries just add more bland carbohydrate-ish taste and additional calories to an already unnecessarily calorific sandwich. The meat itself is good quality, but also nothing to write home about.The short: overrated, nothing special, there are better sandwich shops to be had for the price.
3	When you first come to Pittsburgh, everyone will urge you to go to Primanti's (or "Primanny's" in Yinzer). I think it was good, but not great, at this particular location.The restaurant is kind of cramped and dirty, and it seems like there is a layer of grease on everything. The service is pretty poor at the counter, although in one visit an older man waited at our table and he was quite good.The portions are generous, the sandwich bread is good, and the fries are very good. You really have to pick the right meats; the cheese steak meat is sub-standard, and a few of the others are less than stellar. But the cajun chicken, hot sausage, kielbasa, and others are very good. They make for big, messy, good sandwiches. The coleslaw is good as a sandwich topping, but doesn't really qualify as a slaw, as it is mostly vinegar soaked cabbage. It still goes well.
4	I don't care what any says about this place. I love it. The food is prepared in an open setting so even if they hate you, they can't spit in it. I've had a variety of food from the menu (from their colossal fish sandwich to their signature steak) and all of them have been BOMB (good). It's a pretty hip atmosphere/grunge possibly because they haven't washed the floors in centuries and it's caked with fatty goodness. The serving sizes are large and the price is pretty good, the meal could last a normal person for 2 days, or an insatiable like me, 30 minutes.
4	An over-sized, over-stuffed, freshly made-to-order sandwich with whatever meat you want in it, complete with fries and slaw (and optional egg!)... how can you go wrong? I usually end up just using a fork to eat the sandwich, but it's still good otherwise.
5	Fresh-made sandwich by a guy/gal behind the counter. Pick your meat and style from a long list of options, and you get a HUGE helping of fries and slaw stuffed inside the thing itself. All that goodness for way under $10? This is a Pittsburgh legend, no two ways about it. The Oakland one is good for convenience (thinking about the college crowd here), and service is friendly. Sure you can nitpick about the quality and cleanliness of the place, but you're not here for fine dining. You're here to load up on some cheap eats to stave off that winter chill.
4	They accommodated a group of 25 or so hockey players/parents for "linner". My son and I both had the classic cheese-steak/coleslaw/fries sandwich for which they are known. It was very good (and filling). I wasn't a big fan of the plan, white bread used for my sandwich, but I guess that's part of the package. Overall, still very good.
2	Descriptive phrase: fat-sandwiches.Primanti Bros is a Pittsburgh staple, and so I naturally had to stop in while I was visiting that area. We went to the Oakland location by the University of Pittsburgh. Unassuming outside and in, there is cramped seating on both the ground floor and a balcony area, as well as a bar. There were only 3 people working when I was there: one griller and two servers. It's a small place, but it was packed and could've used more help. That, or just have people walk up and order rather than waiter service for the seated patrons. While it was appreciated, it did make for slower service.I had a bowl of chili ($3.29) that was delicious on a cold day and packed more of a kick than I would've expected. Unfortunately (and I know it's blasphemy), that was it for tasty food that I had. My sandwich was the most popular: the Pittsburgher Cheese Steak ($6.29). All sandwiches come with fries, coleslaw, and tomato right on the sandwich. It just wasn't that good.There was no taste to it at all. The fries had zero salt on them. The coleslaw was bland. The cheese steak was just a mush of unflavored meat. The only saving grace: the Italian bread each sandwich is made with is great. Other than that, nothing.If this weren't a famous Pittsburgh place I'd never have come. To be fair, it could be delicious drunk-food and they do serve alcohol. But for an actual meal, I'd never return.
2	we ordered the smallman street fries and ended up disappointed. they sounded waaayyy better on the menu. for some reason the market square primanti's taste the best out of all of them. i cant quite figure it out. even though i live in oakland, ill head to downtown for the Primanti's experience.
2	Sandwiches are not that great.. .Fries inside the sandwich are soggy and the coleslaw is flavorless... Very overrated!
2	Big sandwich. Tasted bland. Another one of those famous for being famous places. Come once to try it and then move on
4	If we're in Pittsburgh, we gotta try Primanti Bros.! Their Corned Beef and Cheese sandwich is amazing. Fresh Italian bread with corned beef, provolone cheese, Primanti fresh-made fries, tomato, and coleslaw (more similar to sauerkraut). I got an additional egg on my sandwich and it really helps bind everything together. Having the sour element of the coleslaw helped cut through the collective thickness of the meat, fries, and bread.
4	I crave Primanti's on a fairly regular basis. Having gone to college in Pittsburgh, it was a staple for 2:00pm breakfasts after a late night. A sandwich (and a beer) always made me feel a lot better. I like mine with either capicola, turkey, corned beef, or pastrami. I'm not that picky and they're all really good. No matter what, I always get it with a fried egg on top (a must!). The fries and cole slaw, on their own, would be alright (not great). However, jammed together on the bread, with grilled meat and egg, it's out of this world. We make a healthier version at home, which is just about as good. Every time I'm back in the area, I always make a point to stop in at one of their locations.
4	I visited this location with a friend when we flew into town for a football game. We had a very pleasant experience though the place was kind of small and cramped. The service was great, but I can't imagine what it would be like if the place was busier than it was when we went. The food was amazing. I don't remember what I had, but EVERYTHING was delicious. I would go to this location again.
5	Ahh the pride and joy of Pittsburgh. Make sure you stop here before leaving Pittsburgh. As the old tale goes steel workers used to come here on lunch break for a quick lunch. Often they didn't have time to eat a side of coleslaw and fries seperately so they just threw it on the sandwich. And thank God they did. A truly unique experience. Don't ask for them on the side or you'll look like a complete idiot. If the waitress doesn't refuse I will come myself and throw the fries on the sandwich. A great icon for the city of Pittsburgh and a great value
3	This was my first Pittsburgh sandwich experience. It was 10am, and my friends and I were looking for a breakfast spot to help us cure a collective post-wedding hangover. The sandwiches they have are not really geared towards breakfast (ie lots of deli meats or fish), but we decided to give Primanti's a try. I ordered the egg sandwich, and it was decent but didn't have a whole lot of flavor, so I had to douse it in hot sauce. All sandwiches come with fries and coleslaw in the bun...the friends I was with didn't tell me this before we ordered because they didn't want me to embarrass them and ask for the fries on the side. It was an interesting combo, but I preferred to take most of the fries off of my sandwich and eat them on the side. Overall, my friends and I felt that the sandwiches were a little heavy and greasy, but they hit the spot.
5	One of the best sandwiches I have ever had. Great place to go to again.
3	Tastes okay, average portion, average price.
3	This is one of those places where you'll either like it or not. But since it's one of Pittsburgh's famous food attractions, it's an experience a person should try at least once.FIrst time I ordered the cheesesteak (minus the cheese) with an extra egg on top. Never had fries in a sandwich before and I liked that the coleslaw had no mayo. Fried eggs always makes sandwiches 10x better.Second time I ordered the pastrami. Didn't enjoy it as much as the cheesesteak. For some reason, I couldn't stomach the fries and coleslaw this time around. The coleslaw started having a weird taste after a few bites and the fries were just weird and soggy. Mixed together with the squishy pastrami, definitely wasn't as good of an experience as my first time here.Still, definitely come here, especially if you're hungry and need an outrageously large sandwich for a cheap price. It's like two meals in one.
2	How do you go to San Francisco and NOT have the clam chowder in the sourdough bread bowl? How do you go to Austin and NOT have barbeque of some type? How do you go to NYC and not have a slice of pizza? You dont! You have to do those things to experience how folks there chow down.     So if in Pittsburgh, you throw caution and your diet to the winds and try a Primant Bros sandwich. In town for a Pittsburgh fottball weekend, (Panthers-ND, Steelers- Bills and even Slippery Rock-Seton Hill) our first stop after the hotel is the famous PB, within walking distance and smack dab on the fringe of Pitt's campus.         Over time Ive learned to trust my inner voice. "Buy this stock, its a great investment" or "Marry her, it'll work out".  Sometimes I go against it, with rationale like "eat it, you've had worse", or  "so what if I'm husband number five?"   Well, sitting down at PB's I had a naggin feeling to get the capicola or the pastrami...Not a naggaing feeling, more of a screaming "GET THE CAPICOLA OR PASTRAMI!" vibe going on.. Nice atmosphere, easily navigatable menu,  ("GET THE CAPICOLA OR PASTRAMI!") a good mix of beers, TV's all around the room.  This is a Pitt landmark, gotta take in the full experience ("GET THE CAPICOLA OR PASTRAMI!").      So here's the waiter ,a  fine and friendly fellow and I can hear my mouth and brain arguing. (Mouth: "Get the number 2, I dont care, I hate this guy anyway from last nights tofu"..  Brain: "We're paying for this, jerk, get what you really want") Mouth wins and I order the hamburger patty with the requisite fries, colesalw, tomatoes and thick sliced Italian bread.  The rationale? Its their #2 seller, after beer!     The food comes and it only take 2 bites to chastise my brain for not taking charge  ("GET THE CAPICOLA OR PASTRAMI!"). The coleslaw makes the fries cold, and the hamburger patty well, I'll be kind.  Imagine taking off your shoe, taking out the inner sole, placing it on the grill for 3 minues, them placing it into a  sandwich...Bland, over done, totally buried by everything else in the sandwich. No amount of ketchup could save it..   ("GET THE CAPICOLA OR PASTRAMI!")   I probably should have just taken it out and eaten a cole slaw/fries sandwich...Of course while I'm eating, (well enduring is more like it) the sandwich, the next table orders the pastrami....It looked deleicious, hearty, tasteful. My one time to eat at PB's and I choose (like the guy in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade) poorly. I wont slam Primanti Bros with one star because I had alternatives and only one visit. (Note to Brain: Stand up for yourself!. Dont let the Mouth make all the decisions, he only works here, you're supposed to be running the place!..)   If in Pittsburgh again, I will try PB's again. And I will get, all togther now:  THE CAPICOLA OR PASTRAMI!
4	Visited with my dad yesterday for the first time ever, and to be honest, was a bit disappointed after all the hype. I ordered the egg and cheese sandwich, which was ok, but didn't have enough flavor, in my opinion. Next time I'll definitely spring for the option of paying $.50 for extra cheese. The fries and coleslaw were good though. The only real flavor I was getting was from the coleslaw though.
4	I just don't understand how people could "not" like Primanti. After a long trip away from Pittsburgh, the first thing I crave upon reentering the city is a Pittsburgher Cheesesteak Sandwich, piled high with coleslaw, tomatoes, fries and an extra egg for perfection. By coleslaw, I don't mean your average drippy mayonnaise coleslaw. Primanti's coleslaw means fresh and crisp. Add a side of Cajun fries and you got yourself a meal of champion. They have friendly employees and play good music. It's such a good place to meet up with friends for a casual meal. Enter Primanti expecting a greasy mess...and I'm not even talking about the sandwiches. The floors...stairs...railings...all covered in grease. The whole place is practically a slip and slide. Walk around with caution, but devour your sandwich with passionate rage.
4	One of the better Primanti Brothers.  When you go into this place you really get the feel of what Primanti's is supposed to be.  Nothing fancy, just some basic tables and an menu of the huge Pittsburgh sandwich with choice of meat/cheese and fries, coleslaw, and tomato in the sandwich.  It's huge and hard to eat but delicious and a must try if you've never been to Pittsburgh.One nice thing about this location is that it has just been remodeled a bit everything in the kitchen area looks really clean.  Don't worry, they did not make anything fancy though, you still get that Prmanti's feeling when you walk into the place.The manager at this location also took the time to personally great our table.  Nice touch!
3	The sausage and cheese sandwiches were pretty good. It could be much better if the service was better.
2	What a disappointment! My boyfriend had never eaten here, but grew up in Pittsburg and had heard great things. The corned beef was fine, but the fries on my sandwich were awful; undercooked, no salt and no flavor. The coleslaw was great, but the sandwich was too dry. Also the table was super sticky and seating was confusing. I won't be making a stop by next time in town.
2	Visited this Primanti Bros. Last Saturday night when I came to town for a Steelers game.  Had never been here before and tried the steak sandwhich.  It was not that good for the #2 sandwich in town (I'm assuming). I was told by a cousin who has lived in town for 5 years that it was overrated and found this to be true with the quality of food.  On a positive note the staff was amazing and so was the atmosphere.
5	This isn't the original location, but that doesn't detract anything from this location.  You can tell this is a college hot spot before you even walk in there.  It is located within steps of Pitt campus.  It's actually quite a small space inside, but they were able to make due with what they had.  There is a bar, some seating in the main area, and there is a small loft type of area for seating as well.  As far as the food goes, it's just like all other locations for Primantis.  Greasy and good.  And with most city locations, you get to watch the prepare your food in front of you.  That is one of the best things, being able to see your food being made, this way you know it's piping hot off the grill.  The staff in here at that time were very polite and made our food ordering experience a breeze.  Might I add, only order extra meat if you are serious.  Honestly, your appetite may be more than your stomach can handle.
2	This is probably a great place to go to when it's late at night and you're drunk, but I wasn't when I went. The fries were soggy and tasted slightly burnt, the roast beef with cheese was okay, and my boyfriend had to put ketchup on his sirloin steak and cheese because it tasted bland. I also thought the bread was too thick and the coleslaw wasn't flavorful enough. It sounds like I'm completely bashing this place, but it's a place to get a quick bite with cheap prices. The workers are also super chill and you really can't hate them.
2	I just don't get the appeal. I know it's a Pittsburgh thing, but the appeal is lost on me. The place is dirty, there's no service to speak of, and my sandwich was extremely under-seasoned and bland.They misunderstood our order, made me wait at the bar for them to take 6 orders until they agreed to fix it, and they forgot our side of fries. No apology, no "please sit down and we'll bring it to you", nothing. We had a roast beef sandwich and a pastrami sandwich. The pastrami was better, but both were bland and the fries inside were unsalted and undercooked. Would not return, and don't recommend.
3	I had been to one of their locations in Florida and when in Rome....I was really looking forward to eating here and made it a priority while visiting Pittsburgh.  I ordered the turkey sandwich and it was ok, not great.  The nice thing about this place is that the sandwiches are inexpensive so if one doesn't fill you up, two or three of them isn't going to cost you a whole lot.  The waiter was nice enough and refilled our drinks in a timely manner; however, I just wasn't that impressed by the sandwich.  It wasn't as big as I thought it was going to be and if I had been by myself (wife was with me), I might have ordered another one.  The fries and cole slaw are decent and they do give you a nice amount of each item.  I simply can't say that I would go back here if given the opportunity.  Maybe if you are in college and need a cheap meal, I'd say go for it.  I do think that everyone needs to try one of these sandwiches for themselves, though.  I just wasn't overly satisfied and I think I have tamed my Primanti Bros. craving for a long time.
5	Great place to visit if u are in PIT. Lots of character, friendly staff and no nonsense good food.
2	When I lived in Philly, I would occasionally make a 2 am run to Pat's Steaks for a cheesesteak.  Was it the best cheesesteak in Philly? Not even close.  But it was something that you just did.  I'd group Primanti Brothers into the same category.I'll ignore the sticky surfaces on the table & railing and focus my comments on the food.  My family ordered three sandwiches - pastrami, ham and hot sausage - along with the Smallman St. fries.  The food was delivered fairly quickly and we dug in.  After a few bites, we all came to the same conclusion:  the food was just OK.  My sandwich didn't have any type of flavor to elicit a reaction from my taste buds.  And even with all of the toppings, the fries weren't anything to get excited about.  We actually left the fries unfinished and chose not to take the remnants with us.The food wasn't bad and the price was certainly reasonable.  But there wasn't anything there that would make me look forward to another visit in the near future.  Been there, done that.  Do something different on the next trip.
1	What a bummer.  When I ate at the one on Steubenville Pike, I was happy with their service and sandwich.This joint really disappointed me.  First of all, I had to wipe down my table and get our placemat/menus.  It took forever for our server to finally get to us.  I get it's busy, but WTH, hire more people to serve the patrons.Then I ordered the pastrami sandwich.  Lots of fries.  Lots of coleslaw.  Lots of bread.  Okay with the cheese.  Then I asked, where's the pastrami?  Well, where was it?  I was sorely disappointed and wish I had gone around the corner to that burger joint that I know I would have been happy with. The rest of my family felt the same way too.  Unless you like eating a french fry, coleslaw, cheese sandwich for $7 and wait for a long time, I would recommend going somewhere else.
5	This place is terrific. The sandwiches are delicious. Great bread, huge sizes, super messy. And they have Dogfishhead 60 minute IPA on tap.
5	What can I say? It's Primanti's.
3	Pretty solid bar, but I really didn't get the hype over the food. It was good, in the way that anything with friend food stuffed into a sandwich would be good, but they really need to step up the flavor on the meat that they serve. Great service though.
4	I thought it was good.  I got a pastrami which I love but I was talked into getting the cole slaw on it which normally I'm not a fan of.  If I was, I would have loved this sandwich.  But I'm not, so it was ok.  I would love to try it again "my way" and I'm sure it would be super!  4-stars for something different and good quality.
5	Not as good as the Primantis in the Strip District, but still gets the job done in a pinch.
3	Another Pittsburgh mainstay that I'd recommend visiting at least once. I feel that some of the greatness of this place is wasted on me as a vegetarian, however, there's still an option or two for those out there. Further, the fries are pretty average.
5	Philly has hoagies and cheesesteaks. Pittsburgh has Primanti's. Sandwiches that include fries and coleslaw in the sandwich. NOT on the side. IN THE SANDWICH. To me, that proof that there is a god. Straight from heaven to my mouth. YUM. They're makin' the sandwiches right behind the bar. You place your order and watch them make it.  Being a Philly guy, there's nothing better than a good hoagie or cheesesteak, but Primanti's iks pretty darn good.
5	They have quite possibly the best sandwiches in America and it was well worth the hype. Had seen them featured on Food Network and was looking forward to my first visit and they didn't disappoint!!
4	half a sandwich was plenty for one person... it's pretty much a balanced meal in one - dairy, bread, meat, veggies, and sugar. what else is needed? a napkin definitely along with a drink. for those that don't know... it's pretty much the same for everyone but different insides. so just pick your innards and watch them put it together, lastly enjoy.
1	The build up to eating at Primanti Brothers was huge. When I mentioned Pittsburgh, I would invariably get the question of whether or not I was eating there. So, what a let down when I finally did. Honestly, what is the big deal about the sandwiches? This Primanti Brother's location is basically a bar that serves sandwiches to over-sexed University of Pitt coeds, that get drunk and loudly discuss their latest failures with men for all to hear. The music is very loud, the patrons drunk and yelling, so don't expect to have much of a conversation with your dining companions. You'll be too busy trying to fit an unnecessarily large sandwich in your mouth.I got what their menu said was the #2 most requested Primanti Brother's sandwich, that one might think is the best they have to offer, but what I got was a some kind of meat patty with undercooked fries, cole slaw and tomato between two pieces of italian bread. It was a tasteless mess. No favor at all, except for the vinegar taste in the cole slaw. I know Pittsburgh has flavor, because I found it at Aiello's Pizza (http://www.yelp.com/biz/aiellos-pizza-pittsburgh).
3	This iconic Pittsburgh place just doesn't live up to the hype.I liked the concept - take all the ingredients you would find on the side of a sandwich and dump them IN the sandwich but it wasn't well executed. I've tried the cheese steak and the pastrami and wasn't blown away by either. The fries are a bit on the soggier side and the ratio of coleslaw to fries isn't right (too much slaw), but these factors don't detract too much from the sandwich for me (you can always remove some slaw). I think the main problem is that the sandwiches as a whole are lacking flavor.Don't get me wrong - these aren't BAD sandwiches. I think it's definitely worth the experience to go once and see what it's like but the sandwiches could be a lot better.
3	As a Pittsburgh institution, it is unfortunate that the food here is just OK.The sandwich composition is excellent in concept, a bit flawed in practice.  The bread is a pretty plain italian that gets soggy quickly, lacks flavor, and will quickly disintegrate when you try to man handle the massive sandwich into your mouth.  The fries while plentiful seem somewhat undercooked, soggy, and are always painfully under seasoned, which results in a huge dead mass in the center of the sandwich that doesn't add flavor or texture.  I've had a few different selections of meats, and they are almost always overcooked. The cole slaw is pretty yummy and probably the best part of the whole thing because of the vinegary snap that it gives.You could definitely execute this sandwich much better yourself than they do here.
5	This is probably my favorite Primanti Bros in the city, I don't even have to order any more when I walk in they know what I want and get it going.  The quality of the sandwiches here are so good every time I go I feel like I just had the best sandwich of my life.  The staff is very nice and friendly.  Writing this review is making me hungry I think I might go here for lunch today.
5	Awesome place, it's kind of small but the cheesesteak with the fries and slaw on it was just awesome!!!
5	It is a MUST for anyone in Pittsburgh. These iconic sandwiches definitely lived up to the hype. Be prepared for a real meal because these sandwiches are HUGE! Definitely lived up to my expectations! Loved the environment of it too. The epitome of the Pittsburgh feel. Perfect place to catch the game and enjoy a great meal.
3	The wife & I were in town for a concert this past weekend. While my wife was taking a nap, I decided to find a place to have a pint. I came across Primanti Bros. The place is small but there are two floors. I bellied up to the bar and ordered a large draft of Yuengling Lager. I decided to order some food since Primanti Bros. is "famous". I asked the very nice waitress what is the most popular sandwich and she recommended the  The Pitts-burger. I think it's a  steak burger with fries, tomato & cole slaw on Italian bread. It was ok, nothing special. It was a rather large sandwich so you got your moneys worth. I think my bill came to about $14 for two large drafts and the sandwich so the value is good.  If your in town, try it just because it's Primanti Bros. Me? I would go back but been there done that so I will find another landmark restaurant next time I am in Pittsburgh.
1	Oh my god! Really? Is this what Pittsburgh considers their best sandwich? The pittsburgher?! I've had 47 sandwiches better than this.
2	Underwhelming. Sandwiches generally dry and not the best ingredients. Good if youve been drinking and nothing else is open.
5	I don't know why there seems to be so much hate for this place. From how it was explained to me, Primanti Bros. isn't necessarily famous for the quality of the food, but rather for it's culinary place/purpose in the history of Pittsburgh. I know it's probably hard to separate one's own experience from expectations raised from the Food Network hype, but this place is, and always will be, just a place that serves over the top, greasy, heart attack inducing grill food.  If you're coming here because you saw this place on a list, you're probably going to be disappointed.  Seeing the grill, the shabbiness of the establishment, and reading over the menu helped to manage my expectations pretty quickly.  It's a greasy spoon restaurant, plain and simple.  Thankfully I have a soft spot (probably several soft spots with the amount of times I visit places like this) for grilled and fried monstrosities.  I think a mistake that people probably make is reading on the menu that the 'Pitts-burger' is the #2 seller (after #1, beer), and subsequently ordering it with the thought that #2 ='s 'best thing on menu'. This is probably a HUGE mistake Primanti Bros. makes by advertising it.  Our waitress, who was certainly an incredibly friendly oversharer (read:  brutally honest) said that she didn't really care for the Pitts-burger compared to other burgers around the city that she's eaten, despite it's popularity.  She actually gave us her top 3 menu recommendations, and we ordered those instead.  I ate the pastrami and cheese sandwich, which I thought was very tasty.  I had never had fries and coleslaw IN a sandwich, and the flavor was different than what I was expecting. I washed it down with a Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA, which I was happy to see they had on tap.  The prices for everything were all very reasonable for a 'tourist trap'.Do I think this is the best food I've ever eaten?  Not even close.  But I do think it's near the top of the pecking order for greasy spoon dives.
2	All we heard about before taking the trip to Pittsburgh was how we HAD to try Promantie Brothers while we there, it was the classic, historic place to eat while visiting. So of course we tried it, and of course like I imagine, most people probably have it after a long night out, which we did. I have to say the best part is that they stay open late for the bar crowd to have an option of food after the long night. But that may just be the best part as all I could really taste on my sandwich was the fries. I know that is what they are known for and had heard the staff doesn't appreciate "specialty" orders that late, besides of course having to try the original on the first attempt, but I can't say it was for my taste having that many fries on there. If that's your thing I would certainly say this is your place or definitely say you have to try it on your first trip to Pittsburgh since it is the classic but would warn you to prepare for it. I would maybe give it another try if I were in Pitt just to see if it was that particular night/sandwich/location as it is a landmark itself but first impression was too many fries and wouldn't go out of my way for it. The place was small and the atmosphere was laid back, kind of a drinking crowd and pretty loud. We didn't eat there but it wouldn't be out of the question.
1	Disclaimer: Despite the one star review, I think everyone needs to try this sandwich at least one in their life, as its somewhat of an iconic Pittsburgh schtick.  With that said, once is probably enough.Primanti's is famous because they famously pile fries and coleslaw into their sandwiches.  This traces back to the days of the steel workers, who had no easy way of eating/packing the coleslaw and fries, so what easier way to consume it than to stuff it into the sandwich.  I'd recommend the capicola and egg once you decide to make the plunge and pop your primanti's cherry.  The fries can be kind of soggy, but like I said, it's worth trying once.  I'd also recommend splitting the sandwich with someone else, if possible- it was definitely too much food and not worth saving for later.
3	Five of us are visiting Pittsburgh, and Primanti was highly recommended by local friends. So, dutifully we made our way here for a late lunch on a Sunday afternoon. We found a table upstairs. A very helpful waitress greeted us. Patiently she answered all our questions and made recommendations. Around thy able we ordered Pastrami (with onions), roast beef (x2), their #2 popular sandwich, Pitts-burger, and chicken breast Ragin' Cajun style. We also ordered their pub pickle which was battered and deep fried - it was really good!  All sandwiches came in with two large slices of Italian bread and jammed packed with fries, coleslaw and tomatoes. Everything was good except for two problems. First, there is just too much fries within a sandwich -it just overpowers everything. Second, sandwiches are a bit dry with no sauce. Prices were reasonable.
