5	VERY authentic Japanese in an elegant, clean, and inviting atmosphere. The sushi is always fresh and their exotic specials (ask chef as they're hidden from the general crowd) are excellent. Don't expect Americanized super rolls here. This is the real deal folks.
5	By far, the freshest fish to be found anywhere  - Toyama is a gem - and Chef Owner Mo is very accomodating, and has a great sense of humor. His hand rolls and specials are some of the best in town.For a true live experience, I do recommend sitting at the bar as the sushi chefs are quite talkative and very knowledgeable about their trade.Recommended specials: Toyama roll, orange cup tuna, seasoned squid salad.Service: best at the bar - dining room staff is attentie, yet inconsistent and more often than not - just plain aloof! If you want to sit in fron of Mo at the bar, just make sure you arrive there plenty early.
5	I haven't eaten sushi outside of the Phoenix area, but still feel safe in saying that Toyama has the best sushi in Arizona.  In fact it stands right up there with the best sushi I've had in Japan.  Their fish is always incredibly fresh and consistent, unlike other (usually very good) restaurants.  If you're in the mood for something cooked, the saikyo yaki is really outstanding and goes very well with a glass of sake. Chef Mo and his wife Mimi are incredibly warm and friendly, and I really miss dining at Toyama.
5	Yum, yum and yum!  A neighbor introduced me to this gem and am I certainly appreciative!  This is not a bass-thumping sushi mega-factory, but a small inviting space where the food is the feature attraction.  Everything I tried was fresh and perfectly presented.  Five stars, easy!
5	This is by far my favorite sushi restaurant in Arizona. I think I would eat here everyday if I could. Mo takes such pride in having the freshest fish around. I'm not into the  places that are all about "seeing and being seen" and not so into all the fancy rolls that mask the flavors of the fish, either. If you want phenomenal sushi, this is the place to be.
5	If you're looking for more traditional, authentic, and fresh sushi, Toyama is the place for you.  I cannot believe we've only made our first visit after living in this area for almost a year.  We'll definitely be going back.  Chef/owner Mo was as excellent a host as he was a chef.  We told him what we liked and he just drummed up beautiful sushi and maki or us.  Toyama is definitely one of my new favorites.
5	Been going to Toyama's for over 5 years now and definitely my favorite sushi restaurant in Arizona.  If you are on a date night without the kids definitely sit at the bar by Mo (owner).  We have gotton to know Mo well and love walking in and he remembers our name and always says hello.  Japanese version of Cheers Bar.  We usually just ask him to surprise us with what he recommends and have not yet been disappointed.  Not only does the sushi presentation always look amazing the flavor and quality is top notch.  The whitefish carpaccio is amazing and so is the seabass and halibut sashimi.
5	I moved to Scottsdale from the SF Bay Area for work relocation. I was very worried I would not able to find good sushi; since well... we are in a desert. I tried several other places in and around Scottsdale area that were the "hip" type of sushi places like Sapporo and Sushi Brokers. Yeah they were entertaining, and expensive and not authentic. Yeah they had full bars and very hot looking women and men at those "fashion-ney" places. A sushi bar is not for me to sit at a "bar' and then have a piece of paper stuck in my face and ask me to order by ticking off little square boxes. When I want a drink; I will go to a bar... but when I want sushi... those are places are not the places to goto. If you know what the hell you are eating... steer clear of these fake sushi places... besides you don't want to eat those ridiculous rolls with too much fish and sauce and... my god someone kill me. But I want an authentic sushi bar... a sushi bar where I can talk to a real Japanese sushi master; where I can say the word "omakase" and he will know what to do... where the maguro looks like its fresh and not from the ice box; and when they have aji, and toro, and none of those hyped up rolls with too much crap in them... simple; clean; no gimmick sushi. Price was really what tipped me over for the final five stars...(give them six if I can) I had ordered the Omakse that night; which is chef special; I end up having... 2 pieces each order. good maguro (pink ending; close to the toro part) crisp mirugai fresh scallops new Zealand salmon large sweet ama ebi Aji with ponzu and ginger/ green onions (the way to really eat it) Suzuki with ponzu Kampachi and a Large Kirin.. my bill come out to be 65 dollars with tax and tip... for a chef menu @ 16 pieces and beer... not to mention a kick ass chef and good conversations; while watching USC raping Wash on TV that night. People who really know sushi will realize that 65 dollars for this kind of meal is absolute steal. Even from where I am from the best; Sushi Sams @ san mateo... appetizer; 10pc nigiri; small desert comes to 50 dollars a head... no drink. So the price range is right, if not a bit of cost savings. Finding Toyama has really really saved me from self destruction! The place is ran and owned by Japanese folks.... they are very nice and very humble... I have to say; the fish was beyond my expectation; and I dare compare this place to many of the BEST SF Bay Area sushi places. Sushi Sam of San Mateo is still the best on my list; but this place takes the cake for PHX area hands down... and is besides from creativity; a relatively close second to Sams. note... if you love wasabi... as them to bring you the chopped wasabi.. its not paste; and its awesome. Yelpers... thanks for steering me to this one; my chances of survival in the desert just hit up a couple more notches.
4	It's easy to forget that there may be decent places to eat up in N. Scottsdale.  Heading back into town from Carefree we decided to get dinner on the way and saw the sign in the strip mall.  I told my friend to just drop me off  to check out the place before she parked.  Not looking like a Pure or ultra trendy/gimmicky Japanese restaurant it caught my interest.  As I looked thru the window I saw an actual Japanese (not Korean - asians can tell the difference)  chef behind the bar.  Not really expecting much I suggested we give it a shot.We sat at the bar and a friendly Japanese woman (later learn that she is the owner/chef's wife) greeted us with menus and pointed to the specials board.  While the fish on display seemed limited it didn't' look daunting.  We ordered some sashimi, a few specials, and 2 rolls.  The quality and freshness was surprisingly very good; pieces were cut with precision and the rice was just right.  Prices were a little high but i guess justifiable considering the rent and other operating costs to this small establishment.It's too bad this place is kind of out of the way and currently only has dinner service.  But If you're into a more traditional style sushi experience with a simple approach you may want to check Toyama out.
5	This year the holidays were in Arizona and we were in the mood for sushi. While sceptical of sushi in the desert I was encouraged by the Yelp reviews so had to give Toyama a try.The out of the way location and strip mall look did not inspire confidence but if you have traveled enough you will have found many gems in similar locations so we pressed on. It was early and Toyama was just opening - apparently its so busy that this is the optimium time - so we had our choice of seats and in that scenario we always pick the sushi bar. Mo was on hand and didnt disappoint in his role as host as evidenced by other reviews. He was friendly and informative about the fish, where its sourced and what makes great sushi. Everything we tried was fresh, high quality and executed perfectly. Highly recommended.
5	I went to Toyama with a few friends on Saturday night and had a great experience. The owner and his wife were very nice and she greeted us when we arrived at Toyama. The sushi was great, very fresh and plenty of different choices to choose from. We were all very happy with our food and service. They also had Toro available ... which has been hard to find.  My fiance is always asking for it when we go to sushi places and it's been rare that anyone has had it. Toyama is great  for a smaller place to have dinner with friends.
5	Ahhhhh, a traditional sushi bar! My wife and I were in town for the weekend and had already splurged (big time) on Roka Akor the night before, but were still hankering for a more traditional sushi experience. Since we were way up north, Toyama was a great local choice. I am so glad we ate there!SERVICE: The service from both the sushi chef/owner (Mo) and the wait staff was excellent. I was a little disappointed they didn't have any raspberry liqueur to satisfy my down-market penchant for "purple haze" style hot sake, but I don't hold it against them.FOOD: As usual I can't recall everything we ate, but it was all very fresh and delicious, meticulously and attractively presented. I give high marks to any sushi chef who serves fresh wasabi instead of the reconstituted powder stuff, and Mo served up some kind of fresh wasabi with diced jalapenos or other chilis in it (I think he called it wasabi pico?).  All in all we were very very happy with this dining experience. Toyama has found a new out-of-state fan in us!
5	I would have to say that this place is an Arizona 5-star yelp rating.  In NYC, this would be a solid 4.  That out of the way, I've been here 3 times now and can say that the fish has always been very fresh on all three visits.  The sake selection is great.  Our favorite is the one from Toyama, which is the hometown of the owner in Japan.  If you plan to go here frequently, you can buy a large bottle and they will save it for you.  There are two things that make this place much more pleasant to go to than Yasu.  The first is the originality in the menu items.  They have an orange tuna avocado with orange-mizo glaze that I love. Mo also makes a salmon avocado roll with and entire diced soft shell crab on top.  All three times, I have ordered the omakase here.  And all three times, I have had new menu items.  Also, all three times, I have sat at the bar which to me is a must if you are going to get omakase.  The second thing that makes this place officially my favorite sushi spot in AZ is the owner and chef, Mo.  He is really friendly and on our second visit he remembered us.  Because of him, the whole restaurant has a laid-back, friendly appeal unlike places like Roka-Akor and Yasu which have more of an arrogant flair.  This is definitely my favorite sushi joint in the valley.   Can't wait to go again.
5	Everything we had here -- and we ate a ton -- was fantastic. All the sushi was great, but I wish we ordered more smoked salmon. No reason really to splurge on the Toro because the yellowtail, albacore, salmon and all their rolls are phenomenal. Get the octopus cucumber salad to start, too. My only suggestion would be to those of you who like things a bit more spicy, you should do your best to insist on an increased kick with the spicy tuna roll and anything else they say is "spicy." Great place -- we will be there often.
5	Dropped in to Mo's last night with hubby and kiddo for dinner and it was fabulous, as always!We didn't sit at the sushi bar this time (not kiddo friendly--he's still wee for the sushi bar.  but soon!).  We waited a bit for a table but enjoyed an Ichiban with hubby while waiting.  Dining room service was fine--our service was relatively attentive, if not a bit on the serious side.  The food was FANTASTIC, as always.  We had: edamame, half seaweed/half squid salad (very small portion on this one), mussels dynamite (yum!), gyoza (yum!), for nigiri we had tuna, salmon, yellowtail, aji (YUM!), salmon roe, and octopus (all fresh and tasty), for specials we had the tuna cup (large chunks of ahi and asparagus in an orange rind 'cup' with a sesame orange YUMMY sauce, and a cucumber roll (tuna, salmon, yellowtail, avocado, wrapped in cucumber with drizzle of ponzu (light and summery).  Kiddo mostly shared our food and also had a side of rice.  He finished with strawberry mochi.  Hubby had another Ichiban and glass (8 oz portion-ish) of cold sake (Kurosawa).  I had green tea.  Total bill was $120-ish, so $150 with tip.  Pretty standard for the quality of food that we got.  No complaints there.I much prefer the sushi bar experience and personal interaction with Mo, but Toyama gets 5 stars nonetheless.  I love this place!
4	At the conference I attended in Phoenix we had a craving for sushi.  I was a bit hesitant of what the choices would be given that we were in the desert.  However, a quick search of top rated places on Yelp found Toyama.  The reviews focused on the food, especially the quality of the fish that was served.  We rounded up the gang and headed off to Toyama after a quick review of their website.I found Toyama to be refreshing.  Away from trendy places with standard americanized rolls and odd ingredients to make a fancy menu.  Toyama had a nice mix of various dishes that were mouthwatering and delicious.Appetizers with 2 types of ika, a standard type of calamari and a dish with the calamari legs deep fried in a kaarage style.  I particularly enjoyed the legs with the light crisp batter and tender ika.  Also partook of the misoyaki butterfish with shiro miso in a Toyama style was great.  The miso was creamy and tangy with a crisp salt taste.  The fish was tender and moist with a grilled crust to the skin that intensified the miso flavor, great as an appetizer and would be wonderful as a main dish.The sushi was excellent.  There was a few rolls that ended up on our table but I focused on the nigiri as that is my taste preference.The ikura were salty and plump, there were no mushy eggs present.  Ikura was crisp with a clear taste, clearly from quality stock and preparation.  Many times saba can be overly vinegary or mealy if not of good stock.  The saba at Toyama was firm and fresh tasting.  There was the mild tang of vinegar but without overpowering the fish itself.  This is why I usually order ikura and saba to feel out a new sushi place, and I was very pleased with Toyama.We also had suzuki, scallop, and tako, all of which were well prepared and fresh.  The sushi-su was clear and had a bright mildly sweet taste to it.  The rice was well cooked with tender grains, no overcooked mushy sections or undercooked hard areas.  The nigiri were well formed and consistent in shape.Over all  I was extremely pleased with the sushi from Toyama and would be happy to eat here again.
5	When I go to Phoenix for work, this is my go to sushi place. I LOVE this place. The fish is so fresh, and selection is amazing. This is a real Japanese sushi restaurant. Owned and run by Japanese people. It is so comforting to walk into a sushi restaurant to see Japanese sushi chefs at the counter. It is LEGIT. When you order amaebi (sweet shrimp) they fry the head and give it to you. My favorite is the aji (spanish mackerel). When you order aji, they always give us the fried bones. It is super delicious! I also love it how every time I go there, they give us something new to try. One time the sushi chef let us try some hamachi belly sashimi. I don't really like hamachi, but this tasted like toro and was super delicious. Last time I went there they gave us some chopped wasabi. I think it was semi pickled since it was salty, but that was really good too!I am never disappointed when I come here. Please, try it out!
4	Better quality sushi than the franchised sushi bars. Toyama is owned an operated by a very nice man from Japan that looks like he is 19 but he older and educated in the sushi business. It was more expensive than I prefer, but it is located in North Scottsdale were things cost more.
4	Small and more quint than expected, which is a good thing. Service was exceptional. Took a little long for our rolls to be made, but when they arrived, I was very happy.
5	Toyama is a fine Sushi restaurant that has been consistently excellent since it opened several years ago. This is the real deal, fresh, quality Japanese food made properly. Sushi is fresh and delicately cut and prepared unlike so many other restaurants which completely miss the importance of proper prep and proportion. This is REAL, QUALITY Japanese food and highlynrecommended
5	For an experience as close to the Sea of Japan as you can find in the Valley of the Sun, Toyama melds traditional Japanese cuisine with innovative presentation. The sushi chefs Mo and Giro create beautiful dishes with high quality fish. Fresh halibut, hamachi, toro, Spanish makeral - they only provide the best ingredients for their clientele. You will find this small, unpretentious sushi bar in the far reaches of North Scottsdale, and it is very much worth the trip. Seating no more than 35-40 guests, you'll want to hurry to grab one of the prized seats at the bar. Tell the chefs your favorite fish, and they will prepare you something special off the cuff that you will love. Watching them work, you will see the precision and thought that goes into each slice of fish. They are also incredibly friendly and personable, and will happily discuss golf and sports, or their last trip home to Japan. Our favorite rolls on the menu include the tuna tempura and volcano - both very interesting combinations of hot and cold, paired with their own unique sauces, so put your soy sauce away. The nigiri and sashimi is always fresh, delicious, and perfectly sliced. Make sure you savor every bite, and watch that your significant other does not try to steal your fish! On our most recent visit, we had a Sea Bass carpaccio that was excellent - served with green onions and toasted pine nuts, it was an interesting presentation of land and sea. We also ask for the 'Stanley roll', named after our one and only Yelper Stan W. It comes out a little different every time, but Giro puts some thought into creating something we'll love. Definitely one of the best, if not the best, sushi bar in the Phoenix area. Highly recommend to all those sushi sensei seeking sushi perfection.
2	We had shrimp tempura and the salmon teriyaki.  It wasn't bad, but wasn't great either and worst of all ... way over priced.  We have never been to a Japanese restaurant that didn't give you miso soup when you ordered a dinner entree.  They came with salads, but the dressing wasn't very appealing and the lettuce wasn't as crisp as it should have been.  The small piece of salmon arrived topped with 2 really tiny asparagus spears and a bowl of rice.  The tempura was okay, but the sauce served with it was rather bland.  We just expected more (besides the miso soup)...some maki, more vegetables or pickles..something.  Maybe their sushi is a better value and that's why they're getting 4-5 stars.
1	Nigenasai! ....That's Japanese for run the other way!My family and I ate there recently, my first and LAST time.I can only assume that all the people giving it 5 stars have never eaten in a true Japanese restaurant so they must not know what real sushi should taste like...The sake and hamachi sushi were old, limp and tasteless, The chicken Katsu was fried to shoe leather. The Miso was cold  and contained almost no tofu whatsover.I was charged six dollars a piece for a three small bowls of rice. $18  that's insane!  In every Japanese restuarant I've eaten in from Tokyo to Takamatsu, ippan has been complimentary....well not at this place.Forget Toyama because Its truly a lousy dining experience.
5	I'm addicted and I just can't get enough...just can't get enough!In the past two months, I've eaten at 7 different sushi restaurants, including two in New York, and Toyama remains a slice above the rest. The intimacy of the atmosphere, the freshness of the fish, and the skill of the Itamae make Toyama an outstanding Arizona gem. If you enjoy traditional sushi and have yet to visit Toyama, be sure to make the trek to North Scottsdale and you will not be disappointed. Mo and Giro will cater to your tastes and they will create something delightful.  If you go this week, try the red snapper!
5	I have eaten sushi most of my life and have been to the best of the best within many of the major US cities including NYC, SanFran, and LA.  Without exception Toyama has the best quality fish I have ever encountered which is quite strange considering it is right in the middle of the desert.Chef/Owner Mo Kugaguchi takes pride in his quality and does things most other sushi restaurants never take the time or care to do.  I have eaten there countless times and have yet to experience anything questionable or of sub-par quality ever.   If it is not good and fresh, it will not be served.  If any of the reviews indicate bad fish (or chewy salmon as one person states) they simply do not know what good fish is.  Toyama is about the only place in the valley that uses FRESH WHOLE Hamachi which is usually found being broken down right there in front of you.  Just about every other place purchases the IQF loins shipped from Japan which can be OK but will never stand up to fresh.  It is simply the best you can find. If you are new to sushi or find your favorites in California and spicy tuna rolls, you may not realize the benefit of this place.  If you like Bluefin, toro, FRESH Hamachi, Uni, Saba, Halibut, and other more 'interesting' sushi items, THIS IS YOUR PLACE! Lastly, this is a place for a foodie, not someone looking for a cool Scottsdale scene or entertainment.  It is a bit on the pricy side but the fish itself is very expensive to buy so it is more of a market thing than directly with Toyama.  Good fresh fish is expensive.
5	The best in Phoenix.  And trust me, we have searched. My husband and I enjoy traditional sushi over trendy sushi. And Mo takes his restaurant seriously with a friendly smile. It is always consistant and fresh, and served as edible art. Yes, it's fairly expensive compared to the others in Phoenix. But it's worth every penny. They even have a few tables where you can enjoy a family dinner.
5	This is hands down the best Sushi in Scottsdale!!! I've been to several, and though some other places may have great lunch and happy hour prices....they don't come anywhere close to Mo's place! The fish is so fresh and Mo is awesome, meticulous, and fun!
5	My husband and I love Toyama; we started coming here after Mo opened (We used to visit him at a restaurant where he worked.); this is by far the best sushi bar in the Valley!Why, might you ask?Here you go:*  My husband works in procurement for a major hotel company buying fish and beef - he knows fresh fish!*  Did you ever talk to the customers at the sushi bar?  Many are local Valley chefs - chefs only eat where there is good fresh food.*  Friendly Sushi Chefs - The chef/owner is one of the sushi chefs; he will explain fish to you, help you try new things and is pretty creative.  They treat their customers right.  (And so does Mimi, Mo's wife!)*  Service Staff - how many servers greet you by name when you walk in and have your favorite beverage right up for you?  Also, Mo's had very consistent staff over the years; meaning they like working there and get along.*  Tempura - don't laugh - but one of the better tempura batters around - try it!We have been missing our weekly/bi-weekly sushi fixes lately due to travel, but with the fall back, we will see you at Toyama.
2	I was looking for a restaurant in the area of Desert Ridge Marketplace for a nice date night while my children were at The Play Factory.I picked this place based on the great Yelp reviews.  I was really disappointed!They seated us in a thickly curtained in outdoor dining area with fans and air conditioning.  Even though it was 100* outside it was FREEZING in this dining area.  Another customer refused to be seated in there while we were having dinner.  I had goose bumps and asked twice to have the temp brought up a few degrees.We ordered hot sake.. for two reasons... we like hot sake and to warm up a bit.  It tasted TERRIBLE.  I have never had a sake I didn't like.  It tasted watered down (almost 50/50) and overly fermented (rotten/moldy).  I informed the waiter and asked for a different cold sake.  He was very indifferent and kept saying no one else had complained about it.  (I didn't even see a single other table with a sake pitcher on their table.For an appetizer I got the sauteed asparagus.  The asparagus was fresh but the flavor of the sauce (mostly soy sauce with what tasted like sesame oil and sesame seeds) was to strong and not that good.  Also they were unable to make it gluten free for my husband even though they had wheat free tamari.  (The wheat free tamari is one of the two reasons I am giving the restaurant 2 stars instead of 1).I am a vegetarian and ordered the vegetable tempura roll, the cucumber roll and the veggie roll.  The cucumber roll was boring.  The veggie roll didn't taste fresh.  Even the chunks of avocado had brown spots on them.  The vegetable tempura roll was my favorite thing about the whole restaurant.  It was DELICIOUS.  With yam, onion and asparagus battered and placed in the middle of the rice and sea weed it was my favorite vegetarian sushi roll I think I have ever had.My husband ordered yellowtail, salmon and spicy yellowtail roll.  He thought the fish quality was mediocre and that the slices were very thin compared to other valley restaurants.We will not go back.  $51 bill and I was not satisfied at all.  In fact I felt a bit nauseous after leaving.
5	If you want real sushi and a wide selection and want it fresh then this is your best bet.  This small sushi restaurant focuses on extremely fresh sushi and sahimi and less so on those fancy cooked rolls that you find in some of the other popular spots.  Sit at the Sushi bar and engage Mo the owner/operator Sushi chef extraordinaire.  I know you will find him charming, knowledgeable and fun to talk to.  Ask about the specials and his recommendations and be bold, try something new and different.
5	Tried Toyama for the first time this weekend.  After hearing many good things about it, decided it was finally time to try it.  Sat at the sushi bar with Giro...who was awesome, friendly, and always willing to offer his suggestions on what was best that night.  I'm such a snob when it comes to sushi, if its not the freshest fish possible, I don't like it.  Toyama by far has some of the freshest and highest quality fish I've had in AZ.  I used to live in LA and got spoiled by the surplus of fresh fish.....Toyama reminded me of the fish I could only get in CA.We had:-Sake (Salmon nigiri)-Tai (Red Snapper nigiri)-Albacore nigiri-Tobiko nigiri w/ Quail Egg-White Fish Carpaccio-Scallops Dynamite-Negihama Roll (Yellowtail w/ Scallions)-Crazy Unagi RollWithout getting too detailed, I can just safely say every item we had was outstanding.  The nigiri melted in your mouth...the Tai was easily the best I've ever tasted, along with the Salmon.  Something as common as salmon, you would think ok...big deal, but no....it was amazing here.  Another semi-common dish, the Scallops Dynamite, was so incredible we ordered a second round after eating the first.  Huge chunks of fresh scallops, mixed in with mushrooms, baked in a Japanese mayo sauce (which they make in house).  The sauce that results after baking is so good I could drink it through a straw!  Another recommendation....get some chopped wasabi along with your sushi....its delicious bits of real Japanese wasabi that have been pickled.  So good I end up eating all of it by itself.As far as pricing...in my opinion Toyama is a steal.  I've had more expensive meals at places like Sushi Brokers, with crappy fish to boot.  For the quality of fish and care taken in preparation...Toyama's prices really are reasonable and worth every penny.  Lucky for me I live right down the road from it.....looks like I found my new neighborhood sushi joint :).
5	As soon as I saw Blake B's review, I knew I had to visit Toyama!  I, too, have been a Sushi Brokers regular for about 10 years. During that time, the service has been very hit-or-miss... so I thought it was time to try something new.  Being nervous about trying new sushi places, I thought I would start by looking at reviews before taking a chance.  I'm so glad that we did!  We had a number of different rolls, sushi, and sashimi.  All were super delish and very, very fresh and high quality.  Got heaps and "refills" of fresh ginger, as we seem to consume that as much as the fish!The Unagi roll (eel) was SOOOO good, as was the Cucumber tuna (not the official name) roll.  But everything we had was fantastic.Small place, and we sat at the sushi bar and was able to chat and ask questions about what to get. Great service and we'll definitely be returning regularly!
4	Some people need to have the 'freshest fish possible' in order to give a sushi joint a high rating. Others need ambiance, an overly animated sushi chef, or great service.I need none of those at a sushi restaurant.i need a generous supply of booze on the cheap so I'm able to wash down this gelatinous shit while attempting a faux smile, indicating to my date who suggested we go here in the first place, how I'm thoroughly enjoying the experience. I'm not. But she'll never know that.What I am enjoying however is the Japanese beer served in two-liter bottles. The sake, which I occasionally bomb my brew with.And the waitress, who reminds me of one of those giggling little dolts featured on Iron Chef.Try this.Inquire about anything on the menu, purposely mispronouncing it, or at the very least, using the inflection of a redneck. Then sit back and watch her giggle, like one of those cutesy asian judges who'd just tried one of Bobby Flay's odder-than-owl-shit creations. Its adorable.Only because this is Yelp will I suggest a dish. The tuna tempura roll. Again, not because I like raw fish, but rather how it's served with hot sauce which when combined with their freshly ground wasabi, some ginger, soy sauce and a gulp of beer, will actually produce a nice little taste-bud orgasm.
5	Once again, Yelpers. You rock! My hubby and I were out visiting and was looking for an easy sushi place. This came up on our radar and on a whim decided to go. At first look, this place is in a strip mall... hmmmm. Not exactly what I expected. Concrete floors. Worn tables and plastic chairs. But the bar -- nice and inviting. Ahhhh.We pulled up a chair to the bar and settled in. Yelpers told us to say hi to Mo. So we asked. And lo and behold, Mo is the owner who was asking what we would like. We asked for his recommendation -- the yellowtail fish. And I was in the mood for a salad.Kicked off with the seaweed salad. If a seaweed salad can knock your socks off, this one did. Just the right amount of dressing. Incredibly clean and cool tasting. I knew we were in for the night! While we ate, we talked to Mo, who is actually from Toyama, Japan, and has had his own sushi bar for some time. He spoke broken English but that doesn't get in the w;ay of his great sense of humor and welcoming manner. And before I know it, we start talking to the person next to us who is none other than the concierge for The Boulders and this is one of his favorite places to eat! Talk about an endorsement. Mo sliced the fresh fish right before us with unbelievable ease and skill. Yellowtail practically melted in my mouth. The tuna nigiri completed the night. We absolutely love sushi but I have to say this is the freshest and most authentic Japanese food I have found. And being authentic is what Mo is all about. No fancy decor. Just the freshest, well-prepared sushi you will ever have. So don't go expecting some lavish dining experience. If you like California rolls. Stay home. Want ridiculous Americanized sauces? Skip this place. But if you know good sushi, you will never want to leave this place. Just writing about Toyama has me jonesing for it once again. I guess I'll have to wait until we're back in that neck of the woods. Wah!!!
5	I was starting to feel like I'll never find exceptional sushi in Scottsdale, especially close-by in North Scottsdale. I have been driving by Toyama almost every day for almost two years, never thinking it was a restaurant . . . then one day, I stumbled upon a Yelp review while looking for something completely unrelated. I am elated!Toyama is totally unassuming and unpretentious. We were greeted warmly as soon as we walked in the door by Mo, the owner, who creates the delicious fare. He really must love what he does as he wore a smile on his face the entire time we were there. Next time, we will sit at the sushi bar so that we can get to know him as we will surely be back again and again. Everything we ate was top-notch, fresh, flavorful. We ordered the Sushi B dinner which came with California Roll (which for a small add on we upgraded to spicy tuna) and six pieces of sushi. Oh, and we got the "real" wasabi -- so different from the powdery stuff you normally get -- a nice bite with a sweet finish. That alone is reason to go back. My husband had the miso soup and a salad came with our Sushi B. Loved the dressing on the salad. The real kicker was the Orange Cup Tuna - chunky pieces of tuna, dressed with a citrus sesame sauce presented in a cut out orange rind. Simply magnificent. The Volcano Roll was delicious as well, although I prefer the raw vs. cooked fish.We contemplated going back the next night, but as hungry as we were, we knew on a Friday night we'd have a long wait. We will definitely be back mid-week so that we can nab a spot at the sushi bar to savor the divine sushi.
5	This is a great Japanese restaurant. The appetizers that we had were gyoza, tuna tempura roll, and the calamari. They were all very good and tasted fresh. My wife had the chicken katsu which was well prepared. It was not heavily breaded like many I have tasted before, and the sauce to go with it was good. I had some yellowtail and salmon sashimi. It all tasted very fresh! It all just melted in my mouth. The head sushi chef/owner also had us try some special wasabi that he made. That tasted really well with everything. We also tried the miso soup, which was one of the better ones I have had. I am half Japanese and have had tried many Japanese restaurants and this one is one of the best in the Phoenix area. To top it all off the owner is very friendly.
5	This place rocks!   There's no fire or gigantic koi ponds to captivate your senses but if you're looking for fresh fish and food that will knock your socks off...  this is the best sushi.  Toyama's a quint sushi bar with an extremely cool owner/sushi chef named Mo, who aims to please!   Mo is from Japan and as authentic as the food, plus a funny guy to talk with.  It's really cool to see an owner take such pleasure and pride in his craft.  The food is awesome and shows Mo's passion for delighting his clientele.  I highly suggest not looking at the menu or the specials and ask Mo to "hook you up".  I don't think I've had the same thing twice.  I'm a new "regular" and I like it!
5	Toyama has two wonderful Sushi chefs (Mo & Giro) who remember you by name and offer great "off the menu" selections if you request chefs choice. I highly recommend Toyama for their great rolls and sushi. They have the freshest sushi around and their wait staff is very attentive...so much better than the "other guys".
5	I can't believe I'm just now writing my review on Yelp for my favorite sushi joint in town!  My husband has known Mo since way back in the day when Mo was working his magic at Sushi Ko.   We've been going to see Mo at Toyama for about 8 yrs now and we both agree that Mo delivers the freshest sushi in town. Hands down, this is the place to go if you are only about the fish.  It might not be the hip place to go to if you are all dolled up and looking for a scene.  But if you are a serious sushi fan, this is the place for you.
1	Sorry, but something must have happened to this place since Ellen J. and Monica B. wrote their reviews.  My girlfriend and I went there tonight for our monthly sushi fix and to catch up.  It was nice to have it so quiet - we were the only ones in the restaurant for an hour - but we understand why.  The service was attentive but the food was poor.  The portions are small - you get twice as much at most other places for the same price - the happy hour offered nothing of interest - and they do not have a full bar as is listed - only beer and wine.  Imitation crabmeat?  Sorry - that's just not authentic fare and definitely not serious sushi.   We were very disappointed.  Fortunately the conversation was good!  But we won't be back here again.
2	Wow, the food was good but I wouldn't say great.  But, the thing that ruined it for us was the dull server....  We are new to the area and needed a Sushi Fix and saw that this place had a lot of "5 Star" reviews.  We were greeted and seated quickly, the place is clean and was not yet crowded, so we told our server we had never been there before, "What do you recommend and what is good"?  He was clueless, didn't try to steer us in any direction, didn't make suggestions, just said "well, whatever you like, most locals just order sashimi".  He didn't seem to know the menu at all.  We ordered a few things, they were good, but we had to pretty much beg for more Sake, more Tea, Water.... Then they started to get busy and that was the end of his attention to us.  Probably one of the worst service experiences we've had in a LONG time!It sounds like we should have sat at the Sushi Bar and met Mo...I so wish this would have been a better experience!
5	Love Mo and the team, sat at the bar last Wednesday. Didn't order just let them make us sashimi and sushi, fish is incredible, rolls very creative, beer cold, saki warmNot too pricey but well worth for the qualitySometimes I wish they were always packed but then  I wouldn't get a seat at the barGo and support, best sushi in AZ
4	This place makes excellent food and the service is superb,  The eel roll was excellent as well as the other rolls we had.  Their house salad was my favorite as they serve those healthy looking greens and not iceberg which I don't care for.  I would give it 5 stars except it lacks variety.  But what they do make is very good and they have all the basics.  Nice place in a nice area.
4	Unfortunately it was a while since I ate here but forgot to write this review sooner.  Overall I was pretty pleased with their food here.  Their agedashi tofu was done in a way that was so different from the typical.  The sauce was actually a mushroom broth that was really yummy.The only gripe was that when you asked the waiter what was good - he said everything.  It depends on what you like.  Sheesh - duh!
5	We had a fabulous celebration dinner at Toyama tonight.  There were fourteen in our party, including four children. We preordered because of the kids, and everything was served promptly and beautifully.  And it was all over the top delicious.   Thanks Toyama for making a special night perfect!
3	SLOOOOW. Waited about 20 minutes for 1 sushi roll and another 15+ for the rest. The place was fairly empty... puzzling. Sushi was good but I'd choose to go somewhere quicker in the future, particularly since Toyama isn't the cheapest in town. Also, the edamame didn't taste very fresh. 2.5 stars
5	great spot
2	Went here cause i wanted japanese style sushi. This place converted a patio into a Arizona/sun room and then A/C'd it. Doesn't really match the whole "japanese"/sushi feel they had going on inside. Anyways enough about the decor.I read some reviews, people said it was japanese style sushi. Well it was, but it was knock down great. I love to gauge sushi bars off of their Sashimi. Um... thats where they dropped on their face pretty hard. I mean this is the livelihood of your restaurant, I was expecting some pretty good sashimi since the price was up on that end. The salmon had that old fish taste and smell, something that didn't really leave you saying i want more. The Tuna, BLECH! it didn't even taste anything recognizable. We had two rolls, those were alright, but have gotten equally "alright" tasting rolls for half the price.Wont be back. :( sad day
4	Toyoma is all about the Sashimi. Decor is nothing.  No loud rock music blasting while rolls with too much sauce to cover up the mediocre fish are served.  This is all about thinly sliced Sashimi for those that appreciate just the best Sushi/Sashimi around.  Fartig.
4	I love this place, its clean, doesn't try too hard, and their sushi is great! While the prices appear reasonable, the rolls are small so I ordered quite a few to fill up. I've been twice, the first time our waiter was terrible but the food was amazing. I was embarassed for the waiter he was so bad,  he forgot small things and had to come back to ask us what we ordered and our food took for-ev-er. The second time I sat at the bar, the service and fish were wonderful. They definitely made up for things the second time around.  It's certainly worth checking out.
5	It's a really great, simple place. Usually if I go to a Japanese restaurant I order sushimi, rolls, appetizers etc but skip the sushi, but if I want some simple great sushi this is the place to go.
1	I honestly don't understand how anyone can give this place any stars.  I only gave one star because I couldn't give zero.  This was the worst presentation and the driest fish I have ever seen in a Japanese restaurant. They should be ashamed of what they served and what they charged for it.  Maybe they figure most people in AZ don't know good sashimi?  Think again!
5	Love this place- food is fresh and tasty, exactly what sushi should be. Sushi chefs also very friendly.  My favorite dish is a tuna tartar dish which is a daily special, although it's been on the menu every day I've been there over the last 6 months or so.  It's fresh tuna with soy sauce, avocado, pine nuts, scallions, sesame oil, garlic sauce, and egg roe.  It is ridiculously good!
5	Seriously the best sushi in town. If you have to drive, drive. Jiro is the owner. Trust him. Awesome food, great drinks & great service.
2	Quality has gone way down and can't recommend this place anymore. Hiro Sushi is my new go-to.
5	Best quality fish in the valley! I love visiting and sitting at the bar and learning all there is to know about sushi from the owner and managing partner. Absolute favorite place, expensive ... But you pay for the quality. If you don't appreciate good fish you wouldn't know how to appreciate Toyoma.
5	If you like authentic sushi- and by that I mean not loaded with sauces and crazy mayo mixtures. AND prepared by people actually from Japan - then you have found the spotEverything is fresh and delicious. And Mo and Jiro are wonderful!Specials daily... I can't say enough good things about the food and service!
4	We stopped here tonight based upon a number of yelp reviews and were very pleased.  The food was high quality and appealing and the service was very good.We each had Miso soup; I had vegetable tempura which came with a nice green salad and rice.  My pal had the "sushi dinner A" which also came with the green salad.  This is a place we will highly recommend and also visit again.
