5	I can't believe I never wrote about my beloved Papago! It's practically my backyard, and I spend a lot of time here, biking and gingerly walking to an fro.  It is a great park for mild Mountain biking and walking. They have a many nice pavilions where you can park your arse for  lunch coffee or to take in the city skyline.  It can be busy on some days, but  for the most part I never had a problem in the park with overcrowding (it's not Boston Commons, or Central Park) This time of year (spring) is great as all rain allows for full cactus, desert flowers and grasses, and green trees. It is really sad to think about how brown things get in the dead of Summer. I will miss Papago in full bloom, and wish we had more time to enjoy our spring. Wow, I sound like I am starting to dig this weather! I will admit from November to April it's pretty nice, but I wish this place didn't turn into the surface of Mercury (on the sun side) during the summer months. But, it's a freaking desert you say!  Anyway, Papago is a great place to spend a few hours doing what ever you feel like you need to do.
5	Take Papago Park for what it is - a quick getaway in the middle of city life. Sure, it's close to the Zoo and Botanical Gardens. Heck, you could make an entire day of it - being outside, roaming, looking at interesting plant life. Only you can do so free of charge at Papago. Walk the paved trails or make your own. This is a perfect spot for a morning or mid-afternoon trek (as long as it's winter time) with somebody you like chatting with, like, let's say, a significant other. Or maybe you want to grab your bike and take it on some trails. That's cool, too. I've seen many bikes roam throughout the park, often dotting the landscape along with casual hikers, dogs, park wildlife (including strange birds and hares) and families. Truth be told, it's not what I think of when somebody says "park." You won't find swing sets or monkey bars here. But, the fun isn't had in man-made "toys." It's in mother nature. Besides, if you really need to climb on something metal, there are some old-time "exercise tasks" on the far West side of the park, past the golf course, near the condos off Van Burren. But, if you crack your skull open, don't say I didn't warn ya.
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE riding my bike through here.  Especially on our way back, with all the down hills!!!!  It's like a roller coaster but better!!!!I also drive through here every morning to get to work, so that is a nice, relaxing, pretty way to start my day.
5	A nice quiet oasis in Phoenix!  This park is great, good location, easy parking and a bunch of different hiking trails.  A great place to take the family, have a picnic or just chill out on your own.
4	Super nice place to take a chill walk... or go for a run, bike, whatever. I love it cuz it's close & It lets you forget that you are outside during a "horribly dirty air that will kill the wheezy" day in Phoenix.If you have to live in a big city.... it's nice to have places like this to get out for a while :o)
5	For several years I have lived only a short distance away from this park and would find myself here all the time.  I still come here just not as much as I would like.Let's see at Papago Park you can:---Watch fireworks all over the valley, on the 4th of July---Hike, bike, nature walk---Feed the turtles and Koi near the zoo---Look into the zoo for free and watch the giraffes---Have a picnic---Have out-of-towners take their pictures with a cactus---Climb through a hole in a rock---Go to the DBG.---Ride your bike along the canalLots to do right in the center of the Phoenix metro area.
5	Hole in the Rock: the quickest, easiest sightseeing possible in Phoenix.A friend came to visit and was just staying overnight until lunch the next day.  We were going to be in the Scottsday/Tempe area so I figured at the very least I should take her over to Papago Park to see some of the native plants and the cool looking, bumpy red mountains.I had never been to Hole in a Rock, but I had always seen people standing up there every time I drive by the park.  I had no idea how they got up there though.  So I was pleasantly surprised to find out that it is ridiculously easy.  Half hour  to get up to and down from the hole, stairs carved into the mountain the whole way up and a beautiful view from either side.  We went at 10:30 in the morning so we were all alone up there, which was even better.
4	This place is great. A wonderful place to go to feel like you're out of the city....while staying in the city. I wanted to get away on Saturday and just chill, contemplate. I went just after 6:00pm. Walked around with my MP3 player and chilled by the lake listening to some righteous tunes. I made my way to the hole in the rock to watch the sunset. The AMAZING splash of late afternoon colors over the valley is nothing short of breathtaking. I recommend this to anyone who needs to get away, or even a little spiritual replenishment. Just bring some water and your favorite music and you're in for a meaningful experience
3	Papago is a large park for being right in the middle of urban city life. It's easy to get to and free, woo hoo! I walked around and up to the Hole in the Rock area yesterday, which of course i'd seen from afar on my wanderings through the city. I was a little disappointed to find out it is being used by teenagers...as frankly, i think teenagers should be locked in their homes until they are 20.  The south-facing side is scattered with pumpkin seed shells and the rocks are a bit worn. I wanted to sit and soak up the really lovely view of downtown Tempe and Phoenix, but a group of teenagers and their babies (sad) came loudly through the hole and staked their claim. I have to say I would love to have a bike and sail through the trails in this park, the sidewalks are very well maintained.
4	Papago is situated between Tempe and Phoenix.  Easy to get to, trails are well-maintained, many mountain cyclists like the trails so keep your eyes open!  The Park is right near the Desert Botanical Gardens and the Phoenix Zoo so there are places that you could fork over some $$.  Papago is worth taking a hike, having a picnic at one of the shelters and spending some time watching life and the sun go by, sunsets are awesome with the red rock !
5	When I was younger, my parents would take me picnicking around Papago park.  We invariably ended each time with a short jaunt up Hole in the Rock.  Since then, I save it for my time-outs from the world, where I can go with a friend, carry up a 6-pack of beer, and sit there... watching the beams of lights of cars coming towards, or the red dots of cars moving away.
5	I live right down the street from Papago, so I love its close proximity to my place. Driving up Galvin Parkway (which goes through Papago Park) is a refreshing drive and makes me forget that I'm in the middle of Phoenix (you also miss a lot of traffic going to Old Town or Mill). There are some good, easy trails for fun hiking (nothing like Camelback or Squaw Peak). Also there are multiple rock formations you can climb up and see great views of Phoenix. It's especially fun to go there and watch the sunset!
5	16 reviews and I am first to mention Papago Golf course.  This truly an AZ gem at least for those of us who play.  There is no better place in Arizona for an early morning or late afternoon round of golf particularly if you are walking.  You are accompanied by quail and bunnies on every hole and the path you take while playing the course  provides for many different perspectives of the light on the the buttes.It is also a very interesting and fun place to play golf.  A mature and challenging course that follows  the contours of the land meaning all putts break towards the Salt River.  The absence of  houses gives the course a much more open feeling than many others, however the mature trees,  desert areas, and mounded greens make you pay for shots missing the target.One of my favorite afternoon diversions.
4	I see Papago as a starter location for trail runners and bikers alike.  There's no hard hillclimbs/grades that will challenge a seasoned mtn biker or trail runner but there's plenty of good speed trails to hit cardio and do a nice tour of the park.  There's a tunnel under the road so you can go from north to south side of curry I think it is...  I've yet to be over to the zoo but I know that's over there and as far as I know you can get a fairly good (free) shot of the zoo from there.There's some good hiking stuff you can do and climb up into some cool caves/holes in the rocks.I've been to an enduro mtn bike ride there on the east side and that's a good track for that, short but make lots of laps and you'll be tired after 4 or 5 of those fo sho.Good park, clean, trails are nice - look out for bees tho sometimes!  They've marked off some trails for that before but nothing new - you are in arizona.
5	Papago Park is a great urban oasis nestled between Phoenix, Tempe and Scottsdale. It's a great way to discover the Sonoran xeriscape without leaving the Valley of the Sun. The enormous red rocks stand as a beautiful centerpiece of the park and offer great vantage points that provide you with beautiful 360-degree vistas of the city. Rock-climbing, hiking, mountain biking, picnicking and other activities make this one of the country's finest and most naturally beautiful parks.
3	This park is nice because its offers all the elements: water, rocks to climb, playground, trails, and a dog run. Nice dog community and very family oriented around the ponds and swingset area, and you can sit and people/ horse watch all day long. This park sucks because it's kind of secluded and apparently a favorite hangout for drunks judging by the millions of broken bottles all down the hill sides.  Kind of makes more a dangerous climb as not only are you going to fall but youre going to go skidding thru glass shards.  Decent views of Tempe from the top, just dont lose your footing.
4	I love Papago, it's cool landscape and rock formations make it a must go to! Hiking trails are fairly easy and it's one of those "bring a friend" kind of parks, where you catch up and take a brisk walk around, and take in the natural beauty around you. The Hole-in-the-rock is unique, and after you check out that, it's a quick walk to the zoo.
5	Well, to be honest, we only hiked 2 trails in this park but my kids loved it so much we came back 2 days later. Of all the things we did on our trip to the Phoenix area, they voted Hole in the Rock their favorite. And it was free!!!! WOOHOO!The hike up to the Hole in the Rock was easy enough for my 3 and 5 - year olds to do pretty independently. My 18 month old needed some hoisting here and there but he loved it, too. Great views from the top - we spent almost an hour up there climbing the rocks and enjoying the view of the zoo and the valley.We did some other hiking in the area but Papago Park was easily the best experience for us. Highly recommended if you're visiting the area.
5	A cool place to take a relaxing walk while surrounding yourself with some beautiful dessert landscape.
5	Papago Park, the home of the Spring Training Oakland A's, is a wonderful place to go in Phoenix. It is truly a park within the city and you feel like you can get away from it all for a day or so. One thing Phoenix doesn't have much of is good parks. You can get up early in the morning, before the heat takes over, and walk the hills and mountains. The rocks are just beautiful, maybe the most beautiful in all of the area.If you get up early, you can watch the sunrise and if you go late, you can watch the sunset (only in the winter, it's too hot in the summer to take the hill). In winter, I love this place because of all of the blooming cactus and wildflowers and smells of the dirt and rocks. Nothing like the desert smell, you never forget it. I grew up here and found many gemstone rocks, crawdads in the water drains, ate tons of grapefruit, even a lizard or three found my net. Plus i learned to ride a bike in our sand driveway, I can still remember my dad running along side me, then letting me go. isn't that how life is, a series of training then letting go? So come to Papago, it's really interesting, fun and a break from the buildings and streets of the city. It's also near the Zoo and Botanical Gardens for added fun and experiences.
5	In a metropolitan city like Phoenix, it is definitely nice to have an outdoor retreat just minutes away. The park is easily accessible. Free parking in its huge lot. The first thing I said after getting out of the car was: It finally feels like Arizona. Mountains. Trees. Cacti. Ponds. Omg dirt!After strolling around the entrance of the Phoenix Zoo, we made our way over to the popular geological formation called Hole-in-the-Rock. Giant holes caused by erosion millions of years ago. A short trail around to the back and a small climb to the largest hole. Great landscape view from the top. The other holes are also accessible, but for more experienced hikers.There are other trails throughout the park and other attractions such as the Desert Botantical Garden and Hunt's Tomb.Papago Park! Highlight of my trip!! =D
4	Went on rainy Sunday...  Loved it.  Free parking and easy to find.  Hiked trail #5 and then a parts of another trail (but it was not marked)... ???  But it was up and on the side of the mountains (good calve workout).
4	Just back from a leisurely bike ride in the park. I ride a cruiser not a mountain bike, but I like to hit the dirt too, so I was happy to find easy to moderate trails in addition to the dedicated bike lanes to ride on. I didn't run across any bike racks so I didn't park and hike. But maybe they were on the other side. Anyway, biking through was good enough. Love the lake, the palms, and the ducks and there were lots of ramadas and parking. Next time I plan to hike and check out that famous Hole.
5	If you enjoy desert landscape then you will love Papago park! It's a perfect place to take a walk in or each lunch at during the spring time! You will feel at one with nature seeing the beautiful birds and rabbits!
3	I live pretty close to Papago, so it's a place I regularly hike. But it's not because I love this park, it's really because of the convenience of living so close, and the fact that the trials are not challenging at all. Papago is one of the few places that I feel 100% safe about hiking on my own. Unless you take a wrong step while climbing one of the buttes, it's pretty hard to hurt yourself. The park is clean and well kept, and you do get some good views of Phoenix, Tempe and Scottsdale on your hike. Once in a while I've even spotted some cool birds flying around. Because it's such an easy hike, Papago is a great spot for beginner/novice hikers, and a pretty good spot to take your kids or the dog. If you're looking to get outside and get some air, Papago is the place to hit up for an hour or two on a quiet afternoon or morning.
4	Last weekend was the first time I'd visited Papago Park after living here 7 years. It was a holiday weekend and the park was packed with families, out of town guests and daily hikers. My friend and I didn't get a chance to hike on the Hole-in-the-rock because it was covered with people. We hiked around the back side of the Desert Botanical Gardens, which is beautiful, and hiked up to the pyramid tomb of Arizona's first Governor, George W.P. Hunt. From Hunt's tomb you can see parts of the Phoenix Zoo. I saw 4 Giraffe's slowly moving to the feeding platform to enjoy treats. Giraffe's were not something I expected to see on a Holiday weekend. Very cool! Papago Park is beautiful and truly and oasis in the middle of the desert. I will certainly not wait another 7 years to visit again.
5	Serene. Pretty vistas. Nice trails for the novice.  Biking trails (though I have yet to try them).  Again. Even though you are in the center of the metro area, you almost forget you are in a major city.
4	What a nice place, I lived near this park and have always been attracted to a place that makes us remember the land before concrete.    If the eyes are the window to our souls a small climb at papago can bring new life threw one's windows.  You don't always have to drive away from the city to get away.I'll take some photos next time and post them
4	A lot of fun, close to down town Tempe, Has a dog park with friendly dogs. Very easy mt. bike trials, nothing compared to South Mountain. Great for beginners, has a cool dirt jumping spot!! Something to cheek out for sure
4	Papago Park is by far and away my favorite easy-level hike within 15 minutes drive (my criterion for most activities). It is a great retreat for those who are tired of looking at endless cactus and brownness. it is split into three main areas. There is the Lo Piano habitat and canal area which takes up the space north of Tempe Town Lake and the 202 freeway that has a beautiful riparian area (look it up) and well-kept trails through groves of Palo Verde, Oak, and Beech trees. North of the canal (it's Hohokam and one of the oldest canals in the Valley btw) is the red rock hiking area for which Papago is known best. There are formations that have been carved out by the elements that you can explore, per say, by climbing to the top of one of the largest formations and stand in the window/hole that the park is famous for.The north side of the park (accessible from Curry), is a regular park with large old trees, picnic areas, a small pond, a playground, and a large dog park area. I do not recommend entering the hiking area from this side (especially with your dog), as there is a lot of broken glass on the hillside (you can see it glimmer in the afternoon sun).All in all, I would recommend this as a regular hiking spot for anyone living in the south Scottsdale or north Tempe areas.
4	Pretty, serene, relaxing and quiet. It is right next to the Zoo & Botanical Gardens. I especially like it during sunset. There are easy novice trails, so I suggest this for those who want more of a relaxing hike or bike ride as opposed to a hardcore workout.
4	I thought I would clarify a mistake I noticed with some of these Papago Park reviews. The reviews for the park in this section are intended for the part of the park that is at Curry Rd and College Ave on the SW corner. However, many reviews are actually referring to the part of Papago Park that is next to the Phoenix Zoo on Galvin Parkway between Van Buren and McDowell Rd. This part of the park at Curry & College is NOT next to the zoo nor is it next to Desert Botanical Gardens.
5	Another one of my favorite things to do in Phoenix. My last visit here was Aug 2011, I took my 7yr old here and she absolutely loved it. Its an easy, quick hike to the "hole in the rock". Once you're up in it, its an awesome spot for photo ops. You have a spectacular view of the zoo, the desert, even some parts of the city. I was able to get some cool shots from up here. (see my pics) Only thing I didn't like, well it actually made me a bit sad- was that I picked up two empty cig packs and like 8 empty cans of beer. Why are people so lame? I'm not a anti-litter fanatic, but in a park? On a mountain trail? It is just sad that some people can't take two minutes to throw their OWN trash away. If you haven't been here, it's a must do and see.
5	i love this little gem in the middle of the road. the curvy, melty rocks look like giant jabba the huts, laughing at han solo. the trails can go on for miles, depending on the different routes you take or doubling back. we ride or run the canal there, and from there, you can run/bike all the way to mill avenue for some refreshment. they've recently updated some of the bike path and added many new cool landscape features. you will notice though as soon as something new is built, the taggers are quickly behind, spraypainting most of it. there are little ponds, picnic areas, and if you go early, you can even see the bighorn sheep on the rocks in the pre-dawn hours. hole in the rock is a great sunset place that's easily accessible from a staircase. biking, hiking, and trail running right on our backyard. although not terribly technical or difficult, if you only have a few extra minutes, this is a fantastic park!
4	Do you want to go for a hike by yourself to just think? This is the place. Do you need to take the kids somewhere to run around? Come here. Want to show visitors how rocks look in AZ? They will love taking pictures. If you grew up here, you know Papago Park by sight. Take time to explore it, and tread lightly!
4	I kept staring at the buttes when we were over at the botanical garden and finally I just couldn't stand it any longer especially after I saw some people hiking up the rocks. I can only comment on the trails part as that is all we did, we just went for a hike on the trails.They have a map at the parking lot listing the different trails; some foot some bike some paved some natural.  We didn't go at sunset and I wish we had as we were told the sunset from up on the rocks is beyond awesome.Watch out for the mountain bikers, they can whip past you with speed that just amazes me as I was busy trying to make sure I did not fall off any paths.  You can and many many do go off the trails and climb up into many of the crevices and holes in the buttes or to stand on the very top of some of them.  Braver souls than I!  We were within 50 to 100 feet of the "summit" of one of the buttes and I chickened out and elected to just walk around some more.Spectacular views from up  high of the rest of the city and great photo opps.  Have the right shoes and proper clothing (the sun will beat down on you) and go out there and enjoy nature and get some exercise.  And be neat and take your trash out with you.  Like another reviewer noted, it was sad to see some broken glass and a few empty water bottles strewn about.
5	Wow, this is my 100th review!  And what a great place to get it!  There is a dog park area near the corner of College and Curry, with restrooms and park benches.  A really nice sized park with some mountain bike trails going through and some nice short hikes as well.  Great views of the city if you will climb up a hill and some small ponds you can fish in.  Theres so many great areas of this park, and they all have different character and atmosphere, you cant go wrong.
5	Love the view from the hole in the rock butte! Good thing it's quite an easy hike so I'm able to bring my boys here from time to time. Once you're up there, you could see the Phoenix zoo to the left, Sky Harbor airport to the front, and Scottsdale to the right.
5	Papago Park is a great place to ride (bicycles, that is).  The terrain can be as easy or as hard as you'd like-- just choose your trail!
4	I've only hiked Hole in the Wall, but if your looking for a pretty easy, but extremely picturesque hike, then this is the one. The views at the Hole in the Rock are amazing and on a clear, sunny day it's quite nice to take in all the sights of the Phoenix skyline.The hike is not too rugged or steep. You can reach the top in less then 10 minutes. I've done this hike a few times with my dog and it's super easy for them as well.There's a nice little fishing lake not far from Hole in the Rock and again, a nice stroll to take with your pup. It's a great experience for kids as well as their is lots to see and learn with the beautiful rock formations, colors, wildlife and plant life.
5	Papago Park is another childhood memory place that I still get to enjoy today. Growing up in Tempe, these strangely shaped mountains always set in the foreground of Camelback Mountain. They are part of the namesake of the Loop 202 - Red Mountain Freeway. Some of the best views in the valley can be had without even leaving your car by driving through McDowell Rd or Priest (from the South) or 64th Street (from the North). This place is so iconic that you will be hard pressed to not see a scene from a movie or a clip of this place show up when a film is shot here, or NBA All Star Game, Super Bowl, MLB Playoffs, etc. Diving deeper into the park and you'll find tons of well known and hidden gems. Phoenix Zoo. Desert Botanical Garden. Phoenix Muni Stadium (Oakland A's spring training). Hiking. Mountain Climbing. Bike Riding. Golf Courses. Disc Frisbee. It connects to Tempe Town Lake. Even the elderly can make the simple walk to view Central Phoenix from the 'hole in the rock'. Bike trails cut through here that connect you from Old Town Scottsdale to Downtown Tempe. Bet you didn't know that! It's the desert's version of Balboa Park or NY's Central Park. Sure it may not have wide lakes, huge shade trees everywhere and skyscrapers surrounding it, but it's our park and one we should be dang proud of. So if you are feeling like visiting/living in Arizona is a mistake, go give this place a visit for a day (on a nice weather day!) and explore. It just might start changing your mind.
5	Papago Park Is a great time! I never gone and been disappointed! It is one of the most fun, easiest, hikes you will ever do! I have been going there ever since i was a kid, and to this day i love going there! I do recommend that if you go bring water, especially in the summer time! You are better safe then sorry! it is great for the whole family everyone can do it and have fun! Highly recommended!
4	As a daily hiker with my dog I am always amazed at how nice it is to have this gorgeous park within walking distance of my apartment. Concrete jungle surrounds this place on all sides and we have this big oasis to enjoy in the middle. Beautiful sunsets from hole in the rock or just from the top of one of the buttes. I suggest going on the trails near the Phoenix Zoo. Also head on up to Hunt's Tomb which is the pyramid looking thing on top of a hill. From the top you can look in on the zoo and see giraffes and the big horn sheep. This park has some ponds where you can feed ducks or go fishing. Also a great place if you want to have a big ol family cookout. There are plenty of places to just chill with the family and cook on a grill. Only con to Papago Park and the reason I gave it 4 stars is the amount of trash and broken glass that are all over the place. On the Tempe side of the park you can literally just step on glass shards as you try and climb to the top of a butte. No sign of any gravel underneath you. Just shattered glass. Not sure what could be done about it. To many stupid kids climbing to the top of the mountains drinking and thinking it is funny to throw their beer bottles off the cliffs. Place is in need of a serious clean up in some spots.If you stick to the designated trails you will not need to worry about the glass though. Enjoy the area and pick up after yourselves.
4	Nestled in Tempe, on the same property as the zoo and close to the Botanical gardens is papago park.   The park has the very fun Hole in the wall, which you can climb to the talk as well as a man made lake that you can fish at, picnic at or just relax.  I have always enjoyed coming here and it is a nice little place to go after the zoo or the botanical gardens
4	I live in South Scottsdale - about equal distance from Chaparral Dog Park and the dog park at Papago. Pablo, the badass chihuahua, and I divide our time equally between the two. Papago's dog park is a little more low key than Chaparral. In addition, there's hiking available or we sometimes walk over to Tempe Town Lake.
2	I had really high expectations for this park after reading all of the great reviews on Yelp.  I was very disappointed with this park.  There was trash, broken glass and graffiti everywhere.  I was more scared of stepping on a piece of glass than a snake jumping out at me.
5	There's enough reviews here that tell you where to go and what to do.  However, please do be careful.Keep in mind that hikers, walkers, joggers, families, bikers and people on horses use these trails weekly, so the trails do get busy in the mornings and at evenings.Please keep your head on a swivel.  This really isn't the place to go about and smoke marijuana and zone out with thoughts in the clouds.  To do that, go 60 miles either direction from this place.Stay to the right on the trails and be watchful of other users please.  It is considered rude to take up the whole trail, or to walk 3 people abreast.  Pass on the left (rules of the road apply here).  Walking, biking, jogging, or horse back riding with both ears plugged up with earphones, in the middle of the trail, while you're clueless to your surroundings is an accident waiting to happen.And I want all of the friends of Papago Park to continue to be safe and enjoy the trails, but this can only happen if all of us follow these rules of Papago.  Remember: be vigilant.Thank you.
5	How amazing is it really to have in the City we live in. I guess I have always taken it for granted since it has always been here.But, When you see how really beautiful it is , and you drive by it all the time, or you can see it from the air when flying in. It is a truly amazing place.Lots of parking and it is easy to get to. RIght in between Phoenix and Scottsdale.For a beautiful ,peaceful day this is the place to go. Be smart, take water,and dress the part. Wear sunscreen and a hat.
5	I love this park, mostly for the disc golf course. The first 9 holes are a little but terrifying because there is a small river running along side the course. And since I have no disc control I find myself crossing into the river to get my disc. The second nine holes is all desert terrain and is amazing to play. It provides a minor hike while enjoying the course.  Just beyond the first nine holes is a small hiking trail which permits you the opportunity to enjoy the Arizona terrain.  Sometimes they have groups that will play a night game of disc golf.
3	Stopped here after taking in a Oakland A's spring training game. Its a cool looking rock that looks like it belongs on Mars or something. The whole time I was in Phoenix I wanted to do a hike, but mostly all I did was drink and watch baseball so I'm glad the old lady made a detour over here after the game. I kind of wish it was more strenuous. It looks bigger and taller than the path is. But I guess its just as well as I had several beers prior to making the ascent. Anyways, if you find yourself in Phoenix, check this place out. Its pretty cool. Free parking.
5	I like this park, because its so close to my apartment.  If your looking for a nice hike, this is a good place to start.  My wife and I took our two dogs to hike up the small mountain which is very easy to do and awesome views of the city await at the top.  We met a lot of nice people while we were there and I would go back in a heart beat.
4	Great lakes, beautiful short trail, and in close proximity to the zoo and botanic gardens. Came here for engagement photos and we had a blast. It was nice our dog was allowed.
4	I love going to Papago Park, or as the locals call it, hole in the rock! I started coming here back in 1995. During 1997-1999 I used to just go solo in the mornings and hike up to the hole and watch the sunrise over the valley. I found it quite comforting. I then moved away from AZ a short time later for a 13 year period and was stuck in the DC area.I have recently returned 'home' and took my now 12 year old son to visit, and it still was as awesome as I remembered it. Now I will visit often to spectate and to ride the mountain biking trails I hear they have there.
5	There are lots of reasons to come here, which you'll learn as you peruse the other reviews on here, but my favorite 3 are mountain biking, hiking, and outdoor gyms.1) Mountain Biking: This place has GREAT beginner mountain bike trails; perfect for getting yourself initiated into the sport of off-road biking or introducing your newbie friends into the sport. Park at the West Butte Parking Lot (at the light where you turn East into the Zoo parking lot from Galvin Pkwy, turn West instead and you're there). The mountain biking trails run from this point Northward along the West side of Galvin Pkwy and the South side of McDowell Rd. From these trails you can access a really cool outdoor amphitheater and watch the Oakland A's practice their craft.2) Hiking: Awesome rock formations to hike. See other reviews.3) Outdoor Gym: I am a HUGE fan of outdoor gyms because they provide a powerful full-body workout rivaling any commercial weightlifting gym for FREE. I happily found this outdoor gym quite by accident, and don't really see it advertised as a feature of this awesome park. it runs along the West side of the golf course. Park at the West Butte Parking Lot (See #1 for location).
2	Really have to say I was completely disappointed in this park. After reading the other reviews I was excited about taking my dog for an afternoon hike today. What I found hiking around the rock formations was beyond disgusting. First off, trash was everywhere. Paper containers, clothes and the like. Worst of all, there was broken glass everywhere. I don't mean just here and there either. It was so bad I ended up carrying my dog 90% of the time so she didn't get hurt. Honestly it even made me uncomfortable simply for the fact that there are places you have to use your hands to climb and I feared getting cut. The only reason this place got 2 stars was because of the decent dog park area. I'm glad I tried this place but most certainly will not be going back.
4	This park is beautiful with great rock formations to climb.  The scenery is beautiful, with a view of the city on one side and rock formations on the other.  I really enjoyed spending part of my Sunday afternoon here.  However, the park seems to lack a lot of trails and signs.  Not knowing where we were going, we spent a lot of time wandering off trail and forging our own way around the park.
5	This was a nice park. It had. Playground, volleyball courts, picnic areas, a dog park, and mountain structure you can climb on. The playground area is pretty big, the equipment looks fairly new, and has a lot of trees surrounding the area for a cool breeze. Parking is close and easy, but it was a little busy today because there was a birthday party going on.There was a grass area for playing football of frisbee, and another section for smaller kids near back of the park. There is also a small trail that leads to the rough terrain bike path or hiking trail! The dog area was fenced off which is perfect if you have a child who is afraid of big dogs jumping on her like my little one. Will definitely come back when we are in the area!
5	There are seven reviews in Yelp* for the many features of Papago Park, not including the ones for The Phoenix Zoo and Desert Botanical Gardens.When you travel the 1200 acres of Papago Park, remember you are partaking of a gift from the generations before you.  A noted, cherished and thoughtfully developed gift recording Arizona and U.S. history and passed from generation to generation.  This land was judged by rulers too valuable a tract to be part of the Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian community, judged by other rulers not quite good enough for a national monument.   A group of active visionaries, led by a gentleman named George Hunt used taxpayer funded  programs of the 1930's named the Works Progress Administration (WPA) and Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) to give the park lots of the personality you experience today.  A series of large ponds and ditches were excavated and lined with stone by young men formerly idled by the Great Depression.  The Salt River Project contributed a bit of water from the New Crosscut Canal, and Phoenix had its first warm water fish hatchery.  Stone ramadas were built by more formerly unemployed youth.  Phoenix began to have a park at the site of this easily accessible, nearly unmatched vista point for the Salt River Valley.  The urban fishing program lives on in Papago and every other valley park with large water features.  In the 1930's, a passionate man named Starck saw the future, wanted to save the desert, and sowed the seeds for our Desert Botanical Garden.    Decades passed, the fish hatchery went away, and in 1961 a civic leader named Maytag decided Phoenix needed a zoological park.  The lower WPA bass hatchery ponds are the water features in our Phoenix Zoo.  It ain't Arizona without golf.   As the zoo developed in the 1960's, our city leaders hired a golfer named Bell to design an excellent course.  The open space abides, the park's human features continue to grow, develop and appear in the utmost beauty.  Around Papago Park, land development and population growth continue.This park is a gift from the seven generations before us and the uncounted generations before them.  What will our gift be to the generation of 2114?
3	Went for the first time today after hearing lots of rave reviews. Overall it's a beautiful park with lots to see (palm trees, giant red rock with a hole in it and bodies of water to name a few). With that being said I think they could do a better job with signage around the park. As it was my first time I found it very difficult to know where exactly to park. For example, the signs pointed toward the zoo when really you need to park on the other side of the road. The trails are also not labeled so you are kind of "winging" it as far as what trail you are actually on. I would recommend printing out their map online and bringing it with you. That's what I'll do next time. I highly recommend to stop here - fun little hike and easy for all ages and ability levels. Dogs are OK too!
4	Really beautiful park. We were there for a wedding last week. We had a nice picnic shelter overlooking a pond surrounded by palms and filled with happy swimming ducks. There are lots of great spots for a picnic. Hole in the Rock was overlooking us and made for a great view, but sadly there was no way to climb it in our wedding clothes. Oh well, so much for next time. The park is right next to the zoo so if you are already heading over there, stop by the park too.
5	It's easy to give Papago Park a 5 star rating!I've been coming to the park all of my 45 years and have great memories, including living right on the western border overlooking the golf course for over a year.I have used the park facilities and amenities in every way shape or form.  As a visitor to the zoo, I've played real golf (at Papago and Rolling Hills) and disc golf here.  I've climbed, hiked, mountain biked and road cycled here.  I have visited the Desert Botanical Garden and I have seen one of the greatest concerts of my life (Keiko Matsui) there.  I have enjoyed watching the squirrels, fish, ducks, turtles, and coyotes that live here.Disc Golf (Moeur Park):  This course is a big challenge!  There is running water involved in the first several holes and you should steer well clear of that.  My buddies have fallen in the river (canal) while trying to cross it or retrieve their disks right out of it.  The course is also very thickly forested, especially right around the river.  Your disk can get eaten by the bush, so bring something to retrieve it at least.  It's really cool to play here.  You're in the middle of the city but it feels far away, somehow, between the serenity of the running water and the brushy desert terrain.Golf:  I love the Rolling Hills course.  The terrain is different from most courses in the valley and it plays into my style, although I'm not enough of a golfer to really have a style.  The "Papago" course is also really nice and fun.Mountain Biking:  This is the nicest set of trails in the valley.  They are smooth and rolling rather than jagged and pretty easy to navigate. They are also plentiful with acreage full of trails to explore.  They are also part of the larger system of trails connecting to the rest of the valley via the crosscut canal and also the Tempe Town Lake.  Really great cycling here.The zoo is outstanding!  In addition to the great selection of animals, there are two water features in which the kids love to get wet!  We have been members of the zoo off and on, but currently we are not.  My wife just mentioned that we should renew our membership and get going back there regularly.I've spent some time fishing in the ponds at Papago with very little luck, but if you keep an eye on the right websites, you can find out when they stock the lakes and have a better opportunity at getting something on your line.Desert Botanical Garden is a relaxing place to walk around and not to miss.Hole in the Rock is a great climb, but beware that it is much harder to get down than to get up, and you should probably keep looking behind you and down on the way up to make sure you're willing to go further before you get up there and get scared.  The hole also has ancient historical significance, as the sunrise shines through it on the winter solstice and hits the point on which the nearby Pueblo Grande (Museum) was built.  It is a very significant location for the ancient Anasazi where they initiated several canals coming off of the Rio Salado.Papago is a great place!  I would give it more stars if they were available.
4	A nice leisurely walk. I loved snapping pictures around the water. The view from that famous guy's grave is pretty neat as well. Would definitely go back to walk around.
5	Do you ever want to get away from it all, yet don't have time to leave the city? When you're at Papago Park it feels like you're in the middle of nowhere, yet you are sitting in between three cities. My favorite thing near sunrise or sunset is driving up to Hunt's Tomb, finding a seat and sitting in a spot that overlooks both the lake and the Phoenix Zoo's savanna exhibit. It's relaxing and reenergizing. If I bring someone here to show them my favorite Valley spot, it means I consider them a good friend. You can spend days exploring this park. That doesn't include visiting the Phoenix Zoo or Desert Botanical Garden. Just exploring the hiking trails and hills on the golf course side or sitting in the Hole in the Rock can take a lot of time. Just watch out for the geese. I know they're up to something sneaky and they're mean.
4	A nice park. It has lots of playground equipment and things for kids to play on, as well as the mountains you see in the background. You can mountain bike here, (the trails are mostly beginner, but there is a 'secret' jump park nestled next to the reservoir) disc golf, hike, look at stuff in the distance, watch the planes land at Sky Harbor. The only drawback is that near sundown lots of homeless people usually hang in the park. Not really a big deal for me but y'know, little kids and stuff.
3	The park is enjoyable. Features volley ball court, playground, picnic areas and dog park. Plenty of hiking trails as well. Definitely an experience worth revisiting.
4	The walk up to the hole in the rock is great.  Not too hard but provided a little big challenge for the youngsters.  The view from the hole to the view is breath taking.  I gotta admit, when the breeze came through the hole, my leg was trembling a little bit.  However, being a parent, i had to pretend nothing faze me and encourage the kids to walk through the whole to the other side.  Something definitely worth your while to visit.
4	Well maintained with many appealing posibilities Since it appeals to a lot of different people it is a recreation rather than a get away place. There are very loud parties, miniture boat racing, fishing, cycling, skating, walking, baseball, picknicking to name a few. Parking is limited. Transients blend in.There are a number of different birds and sone squirrels.
4	I love this park so much. I lived around the corner so I called Papago my home for a few years. The area is safe and you'll see college kids and family's out playing with dog and their children. You'll see people out jogging or walking on the trails. There's a pretty decent size dog park.  The condition it is in varies. There is street parking. Just head under the bridge and your at Tempe town lake.
