4	HUGE GINORMOUS sandwiches!!!My friends and I popped in here for a quick and easy dinner before a long night ahead. First off, the desserts and pastries in the display looked so beautiful and delicious, but I had to pass them up. I ordered the italian deli sandwich, and I had no idea that the sandwich was going to be this huge, fatty footlong meal!! It was really tasty though, tons of insides. It was so filling that I was only able to eat half of it actually. My friends munched down their 2nd halves post-clubbing later that night and they said it was still tasty!
5	Their salmon sandwich was yummy and only 8 dollars!  It fed my dad and I because we were still having a buffet hangover from the day before with all the food we stuffed into our bodies.  They have good coffee too.  Lines though... but can you really avoid that in Vegas?
3	Don't get the Roast Beef sandwich, I guess I'm used to hot roast beef because their's was cold and not to my or my friends liking.  The Clam Chowder was good, but I can't say much more then that.
2	On a saturday evening they had 2 people working at the bakery/pastry/gelato counter and I remember my last weekend in Vegas was the same too. They should get another register on that side and at least one more person, especially on a saturday. I bought a croissant and their Parisian Blend coffee. The croissant wasn't even as great as a grocery store croissant. I'd had a cheese danish last time and I remember it was amazing. To me it seemed more Euro-style (rich and heavy on the butter, great texture). The coffee was probably the worst I've ever had actually, sour and old. I threw it out and refilled from another of the dispensers and that one was actually palatable, although still shamefully weak and tasteless. A place like this - although touristy and 'fake Paris-y' - should at least deliver on their staple stuff like coffee and croissants. I'd only return if I have to.
3	great for people watching or sitting with a drink while waiting to be seated at le provenal.the gelato is refreshing but the food is on the junk food side. service is slow.
4	I had a $75 credit to spend...so I came here...and spent it all!!The fam and I had breakfast "A La Francaise".  Things we loved were the Napoleon, Pan au Chocolat, and the Strawberry Tart (super duper yum).  I took back with me some croissants, turnovers and raspberry cookies (the name escapes me).I nicked a star because my hubby, a TRUE Italian, likes his espresso short.  It's a must for him...and they couldn't get it right.  It ruffled his feathers a bit, but the pastries were still great!  Not an inexpensive breakfast, may I add.  But you have to expect that when you're in a Vegas hotel.
3	So I paid $12 for a sub-par turkey wrap, a cup of clam chowder, and a small drink. I ended up here because the buffet line across the hall was too damn long and my friends and I were hungry. The turkey wrap was kinda small, with basically just lettuce, turkey, and I guess some bacon bits. The cup of clam chowder was typical decent clam chowder, but I'm a fan of clam chowder in general so I liked it. I honestly think all their stuff is overpriced, but it does the job. I'd take my business elsewhere though.
4	The pastry here was sooo yummy!! I remember we stopped before we headed out for the day and we picked up a few pastries and drinks. It was soooooo good i told myself to come back and pick up some more before we head for home.  Too bad but its ok it just means I gotta go back to Vegas ASAP =D
1	For some reason I continue to pick up sandwiches here, although they're overpriced and bland.  Stand in line and get a crepe, go to the buffet, try the burger place, or just go somewhere else!!!
2	While we were waiting for our crepes I had a sudden craving for french onion soup. My bf noticed the boulangerie and went inside to see if they had some. He came back with a cup of soup. I opened the lid and did not see any gruyere (the melted cheese floats on top of the soup). I was like wtf! Bf went back inside to ask if the soup normally comes with the cheese and they said no. I was like damn! The cheese is like the best part of this soup! The base was alright...but come on...I need the cheese to make it complete!
4	This place gets a lot of foot traffic because of its location being right across from Le Village. Heavy foot traffic means lackluster ambiance. You feel like you are eating in a mess hall. Yet, I'm not sure why this place gets no love. Did y'all lose your minds along with your money, because I will help you find it in the form of my review.Big portions. I was full after eating half a sandwich here.I'm not a soup or chowder girl, and I thoroughly enjoyed the clam chowder. Rustic bread so good it will cut ya - literally. So big, crusty, and chewy that you cut the sides of your mouth because you have to open wide to take a bite. Brilliant.Side of fries = a huge heaping plate of skinny fries enough to feed 6 hungry girls.Pastries are boss. Look at the caramelized choux (peep the pix), and tell me that's not boss.Drinks - self serve fountain soda and coffee station.Location: across from Le Village in Paris/near Harrah's.
2	The pizza is ehhhhh.the sandwiches sound cool but also ehhh. the bread is something you'd need to get used to.I don't really know about this place. It's just okay to me as it could definitely have some great potential here but I just don't know what's missing!
4	We ended up at JJ's after first discovering that Bally's Big Kitchen Buffet was no longer open, and then seeing that the line at Le Village Buffet would delay our day trip plans to the Dam.My breakfast consisted of a ham, egg and cheese croissant with a cup of coffee and a fresh squeezed orange juice. I was in breakfast heaven, although considering the size of the croissant sandwich, I should have shared. The croissant was made with real butter, and the eggs were perfectly cooked. The ham was quite yummy too, and everyone in our party remarked how pleasantly surprised we were that the coffee was good too!One tip, if you plan on getting the waffles ask for them well done. My hubby got those and they were a little undercooked.
1	No good. We had 6 of us all order different things.  Only the pizza man was happy. One turkey wrap looked like it had been already chewed. My veggie wrap was bad, I just put a bunch of mayo on it. Their idea of "salad" was a tiny cup of potato salad. Not a happy meal.
1	First off WOO HOO VEGAS! Now with that said this place if Effin Hell for food!It was a group of 10 girls we had stayed at different hotels and decided to meet at Paris for our final stop. We decided to munch here what a big NO NO! So we looked at the menu and I decided to get the Chicken Parmesan sandwich. Well I paid, and went to the sandwich station and saw that on my receipt said chicken salad sandwich. I went back to the cashier explained to her that I wanted Chicken Parmesan she then corrected it, and put Turkey sandwich. So I told the sandwich ladies "Hey no! I want Chicken Parmesan"  What does she do! she gets the chicken salad and starts working on that. "HELLO! NO that's not what I want" She said " You want it in a wrap"..lol "No, I want  Chicken Parmesan"  " I don't know what that is"  "should I take a picture of the menu" I asked. my friend next to me was having the same problem. I finally received a half-ass sandwich with just chicken onions and lettuce!... after paying $12 that's all I received.after all this my friend was still waiting I finished my sandwich she was still waiting! finally they gave her the sandwich. She complained, manager did nothing about it. She had to argue with him to give her her Money back! NEVER AGAIN! Everyone in my group had a problem except those who got the pizza.I'm not kidding after this AMAZING service and DELICIOUS sandwich I was still hungry, angry, and annoyed!
3	Good stop in between Bally's and Paris for a quick breakfast or lunch.  Prices are reasonable, though service can be quite slow.We had a sandwich and a cup of soup, and many, many cups of water.  Great break if you need to step outside of the casino air but not be outdoors.
4	Aside from the lame service and how slow you get the food and how you have to fight for tables...The french onion soup wasn't too salty which I like.  The proscuitto sammie was actually quite delicious.  The proscuitto was full of that sweet cured taste and the provolone was mildly piquant.  The pizza tasted pretty good.  But by then I was starting to feel the affects of the alcomoholllllllllllllllllThe salad was crisp and fresh.  And I think my friend yacked a little somewhere in the restaurant.  Sorry.
4	For a quick morning grab or a light afternoon meal, Boulangerie at Paris, Las Vegas is the ideal place. Fresh baked bread, baguettes and other baked delights with butter, jam and desserts here are divine. The folks that work here are a little rude. Perhaps they are trying to make it a truly Parisian experience.
3	We grabbed salads from this place on our way back to our room after shows both nights we were there.  They were good, quick, and the bread rolls at 3 for 99 cents were a great, tasty deal.
4	After yesterday's breakfast at Jean Philippe inside Aria City Center, we decided to come to Paris's JJ Boulangerie for a change. We got in around 9am and already there was a long line ahead of us. We had to find a table for party of 6. We ordered 3 cranberry roll, walnut roll, croissant, original french bread and another long sweet rolls, 3 OJ and a coffee. The lady in the bakery side was very nice helpful, suggesting the french bread when I asked for any breads that didn't have any dairy and egg ingredients in them since my daughter is allergic to these. She also gave us some marmalade to spread on the french bread.Everything was delicious and the price was great! The rolls were 3 for 99 cents!!! The whole bill was less than $20! It's not fancy like JP, but good enough for me!
4	My friends and I were looking for somewhere cheap and fast to eat before we started our day. All I can remember about this place was their Salmon sandwich! It was so good! The sandwich was very tasty and it was a nice way to start off my day!
4	I discovered JJ's Boulangerie a few years ago during one of my stays at Paris and now I look forward to eating here every time I'm back in Vegas. It's the perfect cafe to grab a quick breakfast or lunch during the day. There's a huge assortment of pastries, danishes, breads and coffees to choose from, with the cherry-cheese danish being my favorite. It gets crowded though, so be prepared to fight for a table.
5	Now you, JJ's, you will definitely get a 5 star rating from us. Had it for the first time walking through Paris with the bf on our last visit to Vegas. Looks like an average, nothing-out-of-the-ordinary cafe/bistro....and we most definitely did not expect it to become our FAVORITE sandwich place in Vegas. Italian Deli - Ordered it the first time, ordered it again on our second visit. We will continue to get this every time. After having it the first time, we never stopped talking about this sandwich when we went back home. It's something in that that pesto mayo spread.... 5 starsProsciutto and Provolone - Lots of prosciutto and the pickles were such a nice, crunchy touch. Loved this sandwich. 5 starsNow that sandwiches here are well worth my money. Great, big portions and very generous on the meats. The ladies here do them right.
2	First of all the pastries are wonderful! If only the same could be said for the sandwiches. The people making them obviously don't give a damn since they are probably never going to see the same customers again. Whatever happened to people having pride in the food they put out? They certainly don't at this place. 5 stars for the pastries, zero for the sandwiches, at least for what I was served.
3	It totally slipped my mind to review JJ's after my vegas trip. The weird thing is that I skipped over the pastries and ordered a bagel with smoked salmon on top. At $10 it's definitely overpriced, but it was delicious and surprisingly enough I was full after finishing it. Considering the price of food in general on the Strip, I'd say JJ's is worth considering for a nice change of pace for breakfast.
3	You're staying at the Paris.  It's Saturday morning, 8am.  You're famished.You get in line at JJs for "quick" bite.  Then wait.  And wait.  Then, just as you feel your stomach writhe in agony, you finally make it to the counter!  You order what any self-respecting bacon lover would: the bacon, egg, and cheese croissant.  Now nourishment is in your grasp!  Six thick strips of sweet, salty, clog-your-arteries goodness!  Oh, and the croissant is actually pretty good, too.To wash it all down is a steaming cup of the worst excuse for coffee you could spend $3 on.  Or you could get a cup of plain hot water for the kids for a reasonable $0.50.
4	The banana chocolate tart was not  too sweet and the chocolate & sugar decoration was crispy.
4	I GO FOR THE PIZZA! Cheesy and fresh slices! $4.50 for one may bit pricey, but it is a good slice of pizza.
4	I was staying at the Paris and I went into this place to get a sandwich.  I wasn't expecting much from a little store inside Paris, but the sandwich was really good.  I'll definitely go back when I'm hungry in the Paris.
5	The seating situation was terrible.  There were so many people there and I would have gladly taken the food to my room if I was actually staying there.  I was staying at a much lower budget hotel and it was 2 blocks away but getting through all those people...ick.Now for the good part:  I went there 2x in 2 consecutive days.  The first day I bought 2 slices of pizza with a drink for about $10 and immediately regretted it.  My friend picked up an awesome looking sandwich of provolone cheese and prosciutto with the tiny french pickles.  I went back the second day and bought that while my friends went to buffets.  It was so worth the trip by myself.  I got that and had my own water.The sandwich was roughly $9 and if you want it with chips and drink it's only $12.  In Vegas, what a deal.
3	Good inexpensive food. The sandwiches are generous in size. I would suggest splitting it with someone then save some room for dessert.
2	I'm not so sure why people like this place so much. Maybe because it is "French", so therefore the average American tourist thinks its fancy? I came here to get a quick breakfast before departing LV and while the prices were fair (for Vegas), the food was fairly unremarkable. Go here if you want a crappy bagel and cream cheese for $3.
4	Pizza is outstanding and soup is delicious! :)
4	I ordered a 'seared salmon sandwich on a roll' for $9. I was expecting a small sandwich ($9 in vegas.. I didn't expect a feast!). The sandwich came out and it was massive! I couldn't eat it all and wish I had someone to split it with. It was made right in front of me too so I know it was fresh (I didn't want to eat old salmon!).My only complaint is that the prices are iffy.. A bottled drink is $4 (really??) but it's just $2 is you want chips and a fountain drink. You have to pay attention or they end up taking all your money!I wish I'd eaten less so I could've tried some of the amazing-looking desserts in display case!
4	After landing and checking into our hotels, my buddies and I found ourselves standing in the Paris casino, debating on where to go to fill our stomachs.  Though we were starving after kicking off our day with a couple of rounds of drinks, we couldn't just eat anywhere mind you.  With our snooty, foodie status and exquisitely high standards, we needed to find a place that would fulfill not just one, but TWO important criteria:1) whatever was quick so we could get another round and gamble, and2) whatever was closest.Since we were about 20 ft away from JJ's while pondering what to do, well...they won.Now, after seeing other reviews, JJ's apparently sells a bunch of pastries and bagels for something light and quick.  To be honest, I have absolutely no idea if that's true.  Maybe they're only around in the morning, or maybe they were there and I just didn't see them, but I was too focused on getting my hands on their hot Italian Deli sandwich.Loaded with salami, ham, provolone, lettuce, and tomatoes, this is one hefty sandwich.  For about $9, you get a near footlong PACKED with all this meaty, tasty deliciousness.  Quite a good deal considering where you're at and what you're getting.  The toasty, crusty bread they use seals the deal, but it would still taste so good even if they didn't.  So much better than a $5 footlong from Subway.Since one of my buddies ordered the cold prosciutto sandwich and then remembered that he doesn't like prosciutto, I felt bad and swapped halves with him.  Now, if you are a fan of prosciutto, this is the sandwich for you.  This thing was literally overflowing with meat from beginning to end (also had provolone, tomato, and lettuce in it).  I didn't think it was quite as good as the Italian Deli, but it held its own.  Not sure if my sodium tolerance could take eating a whole one though.The bulk of their menu consisted of the sandwiches, as well as salads and pizzas, but I would probably skip the latter.  Although I didn't actually try it, it didn't look nearly as appetizing as some of the photos on here would make it.  Well, one in particular at least; the cheese and pepperoni just kind of blotted together into an oily-ish mess.  In any case, considering we went again the next day for that Italian Deli sandwich...I'd say it's a good bet we'll be back next time.
3	A good alternative if the buffet line at the Paris has your stomach in knots at the wait time. We got a large pizza with 3 or so toppings for $25 out the door. Very shareable among 3-4 people. This alternative is very much cheaper per head than the buffet, let's just say that.But not nearly as good. It's a fix of calories. I'd probably avoid dinnertime and see what they have to offer for breakfast and lunch as the place really is a bakery, and from the menu seemed to be teem with French delicacies ranging from croissants to specialty sandwiches.Hilarious anecdote: if you see a cash register technician named Aziza, tell her I said hi. In no fewer than 3 questions I tried to find out what nationality she was. The answers started out with "Europe" and ended at "Eastern Europe". Maybe it's company policy to not let your clients know you aren't French.However, Albania and France are known to have warm relations.http://www.diplomatie.gouv.fr/en/country-files_156/albania_359/france-and-albania_6103/index.html
4	JJ's is in Paris and made it real convenient during my last stay in LV. I really liked this meat croissant thing they had. Almost like a piroshky...can't remember exactly what it was but it was super good especially as a snack during the long drive back to LA.
4	Yep, I ate here a few times for breakfast since I liked the location. They are not the cheapest place on the strip, but they're really close to Bally's in the tunnel on the way to the Paris. The food is made with fresh ingredients making for simply great food. You stand in line, order, pay, and wait for your food. There are tables inside and through a set of doors, there are a lot more tables. It's not a huge place but it works. We tried the steel cut oatmeal which was served with a fruit compote, nuts, and a honey syrup on the side (which you have to ask for or they'll put the whole thing in). It was very tasty and nice to eat something a little healthier than usual.  We also got a bagel with garlic spread which was nice, but it was not super filling. I was happy I was sharing the oatmeal too.We also got an egg croissant with ham. That was wonderful. The croissant was flaky, and toasted. The egg was perfect light and fluffy, as well as a very tasty piece of ham to tie the whole thing together. Yes I had a bite of that too. They also have sandwiches at lunch that are amazing. I had the Italian and it was about as harmonious as a sandwich can be with the dressing, meats and flavors all working together. For some tasty food that is easy to get to, I recommend this place.
3	In terms of food in Vegas, this isn't buffet, but if I come to Paris hotel, I either go here or to the Creperie. Their pizza is usually very good, and they have a great deal (two slices and a soda). The place isn't much to look at, it almost feels like you are in the kitchen because of the set up. Their bread and pastry items are good but there isn't much selection.
3	My boyfriend and I stopped in here before seeing an afternoon show at the Paris for something quick to eat. We shared an order of the roast beef sandwich with cheddar cheese and a vanilla napolean. It was both a large sandwich and a large dessert, so sharing wasn't a problem. If we had both eaten an individual serving of each, it would have been too much to handle. The best thing about the sandwich was the incredible bread, it was chewy and crispy at the same time. The napolean was also very tasty with a good mix of creamy filling and flaky, thin waferlike layers. The price for everything came to about $20, which is not crazy expensive, but not thrifty either.
3	3.5 stars. Not bad for a casual, order at the counter, grab your food to eat at tables kind of place. The prices are slightly less than what's around it and honestly the 3 rolls for $1.50 (tomato ones) were really good.I had a salad which I thought was decent and my wife got soup. Unfortunately she found 2 hairs in her croutons and complained. When she did, they offered her anything on the menu, but since she was grossed out, she got a chocolate croissant which was good. I think it's better to order something that's already made here since it takes a little time for the workers to make your sandwich, salad, etc. If I was starving and didn't want to wait for waiter service, I'd stop by again.
2	If you want sandwiches walk a little further and try the best in Vegas @ PH's Earl of Sandwich. I guess the English IS better than the French after all!!! Here, the Sandwiches were OK (my Friend's order)!! I ordered the French Onion Soup. Was looking forward to it but was disappointed that it took 20 minutes to pour out of their bucket into their paper cups!! Service, presentation and food were not good!! love the Paris buffet across!!
3	Super cheap, especially for a Vegas hotel! My friends and I were looking for some nosh while waiting for the whole gang to be there before going to dinner. We stopped in JJ's to grab something light, and it hit the spot. I got the cheese/fruit plate, which wasn't anything spectacular, but paired it with a French roll which was fresh and fabulous.This place is a good spot for a quick snack.
3	Literally ate here everyday during my last visit. I used to only get breakfast here because the breads are made fresh, the prices are cheap for being on the strip and service is fast. This past time I came after lunch hours and late night. Sandwiches are amazing, I tried almost every one, the stars are for the Italian. Pizza is ok great deal at $9 for two slices and a drink. I'm disappointed that they no longer offer juices at breakfast, who wants to drink soda at 7am?
5	The pastries are very good here. The raspberry turnover is my absolute favorite. The coffee is strong but very good, not at all resembling the burnt flavor of the typical French roast.
3	(+)- large slices- lower prices(~)- combination pizza(-)- rock hard crustIf you need a cheap quick bite to eat and are too lazy to venture outside to get something, the 2 slices of pizza and a fountain drink for 10 dollars is probably the best deal you'll find in the Paris Hotel. They really need to add a food court of some sort in there....I was looking for something substantial to fill my stomach for a low price and didn't want to have a dinner of just pastries (though i was tempted...)  Since every place I looked, including this one, was charging at least 10 dollars for a salad or a sandwich, me and my friend decided to split this deal.I got a slice of combination pizza which was large but probably only halfway covered with toppings. The toppings were heavy in mushrooms with most of it densely packed in the front 1/3 of the pizza. It tasted not too bad until I hit the crust which was rock hard. Im guessing the pizzas are inconsistent as well since my other friends got  the combo slice the next day and it looked totally different.The pizza is meh, but a good deal compared to your other options.
3	The service is terribly slow unless you are getting pizza and was under staffed. Although the sandwiches were actually tasty, especially the Italian Deli Sandwich.
4	I love their coffee!! Any form of mocha, cappucino, etc. Gimme gimme! Happy happy girl here. They have lovely sandwiches and you know I never got to anything else but do try the high test!
4	Inside the Paris Hotel.  This place has the best BLT sandwich ever!  It's about $12.00 and its huge!  The bread is fresh, garlicy mayo is tasty, and of course thick crisp bacon.  Their ceasar sald is also a good choice, but you have to pay for a roll with it.All food is made fresh to order, so it can take some time.  My salad came out incorrectly and they happily remade it.  Good location if you are at Paris or Bally's.
4	tomato herb roll was DA BOMB!!!!  before leaving vegas, i bought 6 rolls to take home.  three for $1.50 or 79 cents each.  vanilla napoleon was very good,my only gripe about this place would be the line.  the first day we ate there, there was a very long line that got stuck at the pizza area.  we wanted pizza; so we were waiting patiently behind those folks.  people who wanted other stuff passed us up in line to get to the cashier.  and then when we got up to the pizza counter, they told us to go ahead and order with the cashier and then they would make the pizza. (we wanted one that wasn't already available.)   so then we were stuck behind all those people who passed us up.  grr.pizza is pizza.  it was good, but im not raving about it.  something about that tomato roll was just heavenly though
3	A lovely little find on the expensive and overdone strip. The pizza looked great and they had a two giant slices plus drink for $10 deal. But I was going healthy so I had a "6 inch" prosciutto and provolone sandwich on crusty, hearty French bread. It was closer to 10" though I didn't have a ruler. Excellent. The chef made it fresh and baked it. Lots of fresh veggy toppings. $9 and a whole meal. I also had a serving of French onion soup. Very good and modestly priced at $4.50. This is dirt cheap on the strip. Plus they actually had water on tap, which you almost can't find here since everyone wants you to buy bottles. The cafe is buried in the passage of shops between Paris abd Bally hotels, so look sharp.
4	I used to come here as a little kid and my mom and I would buy loads of croissants and french breads and eat it on the 12 hour drive back from vegas. Now that I'm allergic to gluten, I came here again to reminisce...Meat pizza: Bf got this...during the afternoon, the pizzas looked skimpy and cold, but the ones we got (dinner hour) were fresh and looked amazing! He inhaled the slice and it definitely smelled heavenly!Fruit parfait: Yes, I'm reviewing the fruit parfait. Why? Because other places (like Jean philippe) give you a super small cup for $7! I got a decently sized cup with quite a lot of delicious berries for $5-7! Come here if you are craving fruits or parfaits...much more worth it than other places! I wanted to grab the cheese plates and other goodies too...Ah, JJ's, you still give me such joy, even after 10+ years! :) Prices are decent for the amount and the fact that it's Vegas. I'd definitely recommend this place if you are craving breads or "on the go" breakfast goodies!
4	With so many sit-down restaurant options at Paris, not to mention the buffet, JJ's fills a much-needed niche:  a spot for quick, carby, low-maintenance breakfast, which happens to be what I crave most mornings.  It came especially in handy on the Sunday morning of a blurry and exhausting Vegas weekend when I had to catch a plane in less than two hours.  Onion bagel with garlic herb cream cheese, a raisin danish, and Naked smoothie--bingo.  The bagel itself was mediocre, but everything else was good and I was very happy to get exactly what I wanted to start my day on a positive note.They sell a bevy of pastries and other bready breakfast bites, plus a few hot items such as egg & ham croissants and steel-cut oatmeal.  The prices are extremely fair given the setting.Tip--if the tap water from the soda machine comes out at a trickle, just fill your cup with ice and use the hot water from the coffee machine.  You're welcome.
1	I cannot imagine how anyone gives this place a good rating. I went to get a bagel. They told me X/Y/Z bagels were out and I only had a certain choice. I pay, get into the next line. All the people in front of me that ordered the same thing, didn't get the correct bagels b/c the cashiers all told the wrong thing. Then they skipped me and I just stood there for 5 mins while everyone after me got food. Then they gave me the wrong bagel (of the remaining ones "available").
2	pathetic eclair. shame to be in a french hotel
4	A group of us stopped here late at night for pizza after clubbing. The pizza was very good, much better than I anticipated at that hour.
4	Locate in Paris Casino is a casual quick eats type of cafe. Filled with Pastries, Baked Goods, Hot & Cold Sandwiches,Pizza whole or by the slice, soup and salads.They take out window for pizza which is great for a the fast bite. I stopped in for a breakfast pastry and coffee, prices reasonable and relaxing atmosphere.No waiter service and seating available inside and out.
4	I love, love, love their pizza! They have a 2 slice w/sode special for $9.99, I get it evry time I'm in vegas. You can order any of their specialty pizza in this deal. This is great for you if you don't want to feel stuffed frm a buffet. I also like the location, there is  patio style seating, I usually sit here & people watch. Great for relaxing after losing your $ :-(
4	If you have a sweet tooth like I do this bakery is a gem. You will find about any and every choice of baked good and sweets you could want. I know they have savory options as well but frankly not a reason I go there. Their fruit tart is excellent as is everything else I have tried. It is a must stop anytime I am in Vegas. Located in the Paris Casino.
2	This is probably one of the weirdest reviews I'm going to write ever. After ordering our food (I'll get that), I sat down across the small table from my dad and a roach scurried across it. A ROACH!!!That should automatically make me want to give them 1 star and it almost did until I ate the crossant. I hate them but the Crossant was delicious. They get 1 star for the crossant. Other than that, it was typical food, like what you'd receive in an airport. The egg basically came from McDonald's. It was bland no flavor. The bacon was decent and crispy. The portions were huge. The Cheese Danish was good (as per my dad). The coffee apparently was terrible. There was also horrible construction noise as they were renovating something next door. In the end it was $20 for 2 breakfast sandwiches and 2 ocean spray juices. Seriously weirdest review ever. Gross roaches... ughhhhh(For other Roach stories, check out my Paris Hotel review. Apparently there were more throughout my trip).
4	DELICIOUS pastries.  High priced, but worth it.
3	Average run of the mill, greasy (a sign of imitation cheese), pizza place. Good for a quick bite, however.
2	**Disclaimer this is a review about their pizza, not their deserts (which would have probably been delicious haven't we been so hung over) **Item: Mushroom Pizza(+1) - Fast service(-1) - Gallons of oil on my slice making the crust soggy(-1) - SUPER salty
4	i always have to get a sandwich whenever im in las vegas! i havent tried any of the pizzas or desserts, but they do look good! The sandwiches are very tasty, i have not been disappointed yet! the only reason i rate it a 4 is the price. It is a little pricey, but it is worth it!
1	Roaches!!!!!! 0 stars!!!!!!
4	Great little place for a quick bite. Faster than table service but slower than fast food. The turkey & Swiss was excellent. The baguette was my favorite so fresh and perfect.  The pastry was delicious as well.   This is inside the Paris casino/hotel.  I only wish we had checked this place out a day earlier for breakfast!
2	We came on a bad day for lunch. It was the 1st day of a brand new menu. After placing our orders at the register we waited for our sandwiches. I ordered the chicken ($10.) and hub ordered the vegetable ($8.). When I asked the cashier what condiments came on the sandwich he replied, "whatever the menu says is what is on it." A little rude but I didn't expect much out of him. The wait was about 20 minutes. There were 3 employees assembling the orders. It took awhile due to the new menu and they were still getting use to which sandwiches had what on them. The chicken sandwich was decent. The French baguette was soft and fresh. The chicken was served in small pieces with lettuce and tomato. The chicken didn't have much flavor. I added additional condiments to help it out.  Since the chicken was in small pieces it kept falling out of the bread so eating it wasn't easy. The portion was small for the price. The sandwiches do not come with a side. They bake all of their bread, pastries and pizza fresh everyday. Misc. info: No wait staff, seating is open, show your players card for a discount.
3	Ordered a large pie half pepperoni half margarita on a busy wednesday night - took 20 mins to make ($28). This place is inside the Paris hotel & casino and is very convenient to just order and go. The pizza was delicious with a bit of parmesian cheese and red pepper flakes sprinkled on. The next day the now cols pizza tasted even better - but i guess thats only if you enjoy cold pizza..
4	We were disappointed and still hungry after the buffet at Mandalay Bay so we had to get something. We weren't up for a full meal and while walking past this place decided to give it a go. It's a walk up place; you know make your order and pay then walk to the area where they make your order. We ordered a turkey sandwich and it was awesome, very delicious. The service was mediocre and once you paid it wasn't a smooth process then again we were caught in the dreaded shift change when someone new was picking up for the one leaving. So the sandwich wasn't served too quickly. But we survived.This place is worth checking out.
2	Pizza was good but the service was awful, look if you don't want to work then just go home, they pay you to serve the customers, not to stand there and sigh because we want to order food. Pissed me off. No thanks, I'll spend my money elsewhere.
3	I was able to get a quiche at 1 AM so I appreciate that. My friend said the pizza was delicious. They get a fail on presentation of the quiche but again, 1 AM.
4	I ordered the BLT, which was delicious. Service is average. The wait time for food was a little too long...but it was worth it! Desserts are really good here. I will eat here again.
2	stopped here because we were starvingggg. overpriced. horrible customer service and not so great food. I ordered the cured meat sandwich, it was mediocre and basic nothing special. definitely wouldnt recommend this place.
3	This is an acceptable place to go for a casual quick meal when everything else is closed.  They do serve cold bottles of beer if you need one.   The wait for us on a Wednesday night was a few minutes but not bad.  I don't mind waiting a bit so that my sandwich hasn't been sitting wrapped in plastic for a few hours.  The beef dip sandwich was pretty good.  I highly recommend their pastries.  We had two different ones ($6 each) and shared them and they were as good as they looked.
1	If I could give a zero..I would. Worst effin workers here I've experienced since moving to Vegas..I kid u not. First they don't get my order right. Then when I get my sandwich I noticed it was dry...it was supposed to be with Dijon mustard as advertised. At first I thought ok no problem, let me just ask for some on the side. When I ask for it..the lady had no idea what I was saying. Pointing to the breads and saying sandwich....don't know how u mistake that for Dijon mustard. So after 5 minutes of trying to explain to her what it is and going through mayo and other condiments that I wasn't talking about, she finally says she just makes the sandwiches...umm..o..k..obviously not how described in the menu...then my girlfriend asks for her rolls they forgot to give her...so I go to another worker who hopefully speaks a bit of English if I can get it and she say says "she didn't give it to u?" No...that's why I'm standing here waiting like an idiot. Then my girl asks if she can get her pizza warmed up and the girl says we can't its against policy...my girl wasn't having it and thankfully the chef heard and told her of course u can just put it in the oven! In a tone where it seemed like he wanted to call her a jackass. Any way ..stay away from this place..they can't prepare a sandwich like they describe and what they did make was horrible..pizza was bleu...just don't go here...walk FAR AWAY! .
1	One of the crappiest pizza I ever had in my life along with the worst service I ever had in Vegas... won't go 0 stars because system doesn't accept.
2	Mehhhhhh, I remember sitting here and quickly reviewing some of the reviews and quick tips and someone mentioned this spot reminded them of Epcot in Orlando and that was totally what I was thinking. It's really nothing special in the least.We needed something quick and we figured a sandwich from here would do the job. I checked out the menu and wanted the chicken sandwich that was listed but when I got to the register they only chicken they had was Caesar... I said ok, well can I just get the chicken but without the Caesar dressing. And I actually got a "no" - it is pre made that way. I was so turned off at this point that I just went with a basic BLT.When I opened it up, the bacon was undercooked, there was little to no lettuce and the tomato were sun dried, which was listed that way, but just didn't agree with my taste buds with everything else added to it. It was really just all bread with terrible filling. Overall just a really lousy spot when you are surrounded by so many better options!
2	Food court in Paris. Good for a quick breakfast or late night drunk food. The croque messier is big enough to share. Ask them to toast it extra hot though.
4	Walking through the Paris hotel & casino, The Better Half all of a sudden had a craving for dessert.  I think the large displays of pastries and sweet smell in the air from this joint had something to do with it.   Whatever it was, it worked on her.....we "had" to stop and wait in a long line so she could satisfy her craving...LOL.After a short wait, we went through the line and she had a large slice of Chocolate Cake.  We sat in the common eating area and people watched while she enjoyed her Cake.  This is located by a very busy walkway, so the people watching is great.  There's nothing like watching people late at night in Vegas....it's a show all by itself, ha!The desserts here are awesome....next time, I want to try a slice of Pizza.Return Factor - 80%
3	So the sandwiches here are fantastic. Was in town for the weekend for a girlfriends wedding and stayed at the Paris. We ate JJ's sandwiches twice as we really enjoyed them the first day when we swung by during the slow time of the day and grabbed a late bite. That bring said, our second experience here was nowhere near as positive as our first. The bakery was packed as it was lunch hour so understandably there was going to be more of a wait. 35 minutes for a cold sandwich is a little extreme though, especially considering my friend who ordered her hot sandwich at the same time as I got hers about 20 minutes before I did. Multiple people who ordered after me had eaten and left by the time I was given my lunch, which I only received after asking what the eta was.. They had lost my order. Then made my sandwich but threw it out before even offering it to me as they made it wrong. And then, when I finally did receive it, it looked completely different than it had the day before, even though I ordered the same thing. I would chalk it up as a mistake seeing as I have worked it the service industry and I understand that happens. Problem was, I was 1 of about 10 people who waited an exceptionally lengthy amount of time for their food, just to watch people who ordered way after us leaving with their meals in hand. JJ's has great food but don't come starving and expect to be patient. They sandwich line is incredibly unorganized and while the chefs are friendly enough, the food is not consistent. Lost orders, orders made incorrectly and a lot of confusion behind the counter are going to be on the menu if you decide to come during the lunchtime rush.
5	Very european, friendly staff and yet professional...prosciutto sandwich was my favorite!! took me back to Europe...
5	Roast beef was amazing that sandwich alone will bring me back again before I leave Vegas.  I didn't care for the pizza I've had better.  But that sandwich was easily one of the best I've had.  I ordered a pizza, chips and drink and the roast beef sandwich for about $20.The veggie sandwich is around $8 is also great. And the BLT is good as well.
1	Run from the pizza at JJ Boulangerie inside the Paris hotel in Las Vegas, NV!  With a price of $25.93 for a regular Margarita pizza, one would think they are proud of their product; however, don't let the price fool you, and don't get me wrong, this review is not about the price.  It is about the taste and quality of their pizza.  This pizza was so hard, it literally crunched as it was bitten.  You know the term "cardboard pizza"?  You would be better off with frozen Totino's from the local grocery store.  Skip this pizza joint and do yourself a favor.  If you are craving pizza, walk on down to the connected Bally's hotel and grab some Sbarro's pizza.  Sbarro is located adjacent to the Bally's Las Vegas Race and Sports Book.  Enjoy your pizza.
3	Just because you are in Vegas don't expect to wine and dine here.  This is meant to be a quick service restaurant with food to satisfy hunger, not give you the "wow" factor.Had the prosciutto sandwich and it tasted just as I anticipated.  Crusty baguette, prosciutto di parma, mozzarella, arugula, and balsamic.  Simple, fast, and on the go.  The cheese pizza would have used some extra time in the oven because the under crust had gone soggy.
4	If this is your first time in Vegas, welcome to sticker shock. EVERYTHING seems to be more expensive unless you're in a dive casino, then it's super cheap. Sorry while I digress, so I ordered the ham, gruyere cheese croissant breakfast sandwich.  $10.95 plus tax. Yes, you read correctly. It's not cheap but it's uber tasty and filling.The croissant was light and flaky. Stuffed in it was the fluffiest scrambled eggs I've had in a long time. It was covered with slices of smoky ham and tucked around both were slices of gruyere cheese. They wrap it in wax paper for you to go and it's the perfect breakfast sandwich.  Simple yet delectable in taste. I would definitely go back again when I visit Vegas. As for their coffee/lattes, I can't say b/c they don't carry soy milk so I had to pass on it. Maybe by the next time I visit,  they will start offering soy milk.
1	Bad service, overpriced, and they screwed up the food after a long wait. We asked for our money back.
3	JJ's is an ok place to grab a sandwich, breakfast or lunch, when you're in a pinch at the Paris-Las Vegas. I've had their bacon, egg, cheese on croissant a few times while staying at the Paris. It's decent. I think it's like $10.50, which is a bit pricy for the cafeteria type service. 3.25 stars
2	Nothing here is vegan except maybe a few of the rolls. The mixed greens salad has cheese even though it isn't listed. It's $11 for about 3 cups of greens, pickled onions, caramelized pecans, and what looked like either bleu or feta. Sadly, I didn't look in my bag until I got up to my room, so I couldn't really take it back. I picked around the cheese and the salad was pretty good. The dressing was coagulated in the little containers so I didn't try that.The place itself was kind of dirty and most of the tables unwiped. There was only one cashier and one person to grab pizza. There were two more over at the bread station. It went very slowly, and it was dinner time.For a bottle of water, a medium-sized salad, and some rolls, I paid $27. It's expensive and if you have any food requirements/sensitives, you can't afford to take chances here.One last thing: water cups are 1.50. There's no excuse for that. I get that restaurants get tired of people getting water instead of paying for a drink, but this place charges so much they should at least have some small paper cups to dole out.
3	Wednesday I came here for breakfast. I wanted a small breakfast. All I had was a breakfast croissant, Greek yogurt, and coffee. The breakfast croissant consisted of sausage, egg, and smoked gouda cheese. The breakfast croissant was delicious and filling. The charred sausage, smoked gouda, and toasted croissant  brought a buttery aroma and taste to the breakfast croissant. The Greek yogurt was a cherry Fage Yogurt. The coffee was a nice start to begin the day. Overall a nice small breakfast. The price for breakfast was tad pricy, but you're in Vegas what do you expect. At least I added points to my Total Rewards Card.
1	Reallyyy slow service, rude employees and very over priced. But what can you expect from Vegas casino. I wouldn't come back here again !!!
2	Expensive.   Good croissants.   Marginal service.  There are about a dozen tables.  $3.50 for bottle of water.
3	This is the cheapest option if you are in Paris, which isn't saying much. We'll actually there's a place two doors down that had sandwiches in a display case but for an extra dollar or two we got a much more appetizing sandwich here. I definitely would not go out of your way for this place. However, if it is 2pm, you just got in from your flight and don't want another airport refrigerated sandwich, then just maybe this is the place for you too.
2	Sorry, have yet to try this establishment. Will have 2 stars until I give this bakery a change.
2	Stay away from the egg breakfast sandwiches. The croissant is good. The eggs were WAY undercooked and slimy. For $10, even in Vegas, I expected it to at least be edible.Coffee is meh. Would have liked some flavored creamers, at least.The only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars is because their pastries are very good.
1	I don't care how good the food is, if the employees have shitty attitudes then they fail. Someone told me "They're French; it's part of their of culture." That's bullshit.
3	Located in the Paris hotel, this is one of the more casual places to dine. The place has a wide selection of drinks, chips, pizza, sandwiches, gelato and tasty sweets.I had a couple slices of the margherita pizza that had been sitting under the heat lamp for too long and weren't very good, but ended with a totally delicious and decadent multi-layered cake covered in dark chocolate with a lime green candy ribbon on the top.I would have given the place one star but the dessert bumped it up to 3 stars. The lady sitting next to me had gelato and said it was really good. I can't wait to sample their other desserts next time I visit the place.
3	Busy but the line goes fast. I had a provolone and prosciutto sandwich with arugula on a baguette. It was mediocre. Not bad but was room for improvement. Their pizza seems to be a hit. Wish i would have tried that instead. There are a slew of great looking desserts so enjoy!
1	I have been going to this place for 3yrs now only because it's the nearest place we can go to whenever we attend the Las Vegas Antique Jewelry & Watch show. This restaurant's service has ALWAYS SUCKED ever since I started going here. The cashiers don't pay attention when they take your order. They get your name AND order wrong. The line is always long due to the unreasonable wait time. They are very unorganized.They should do something about the way they accommodate their guests. They should find a better way to manage the long lines and serve customers better.
1	If I could give this place NEGATIVE stars I sure would.  The wait to order food was exceedingly long.  Then, the first three things we ordered....well they were out of those.  Then to top it all off, the lady taking the money was a rude b....  Don't waste your time your money or your sanity!!!!!
5	Two Words... Vanilla Eclair!!Never leave Vegas without having one or three.... My husband took a trip to Vegas and I had him bring me back a dozen!!!  Yup, that good!!
3	Have come here the last few years for the prosciutto sandwich.  They changed it,  I was disappointed.  They don't have the little pickles anymore!  It was the best part. The bread was hard and I had a tough time biting it without cutting the inside of my mouth. Balsamic glaze is really good,  they could've used more in it.  Arugula was fresh.  Ok quality of prosciutto,  but a lot of fat on it. Definitely not worth $14, but I had resort credits so it worked out.  I would say it's just OK.
4	Actually pretty decent slice of pizza at a reasonable price.The food on the strip can be pretty bland and pretty expensive, this was a god find.The restaurant is busy and there can be a bit of a wait.  Seating is available both inside and immediately adjacent to the ordering area.Nice place for a quick rest and snack.This would be a good stopping point for families traveling with younger children as there is a place to assemble several tables into one big table.Generally, this was a favorable experience.
4	Good pizza, very large slices. When I went it was something like $10.00 for two slices (which had to be stacked on top of one-another to fit on the plate), and a drink. They also have good gelato, at reasonable prices (relative to Vegas). It probably won't blow your socks off, but if you want to grab something simple and fairly cheap for lunch, this is a good option.
5	This is a great place to have a quick, tasty dinner when you're hungry and tired from walking the strip and just want something quick and yummy in a nice, relaxed atmosphere.We kept coming back for the BLTs (and we weren't even staying in Paris!). They were really good, and depending which person was making them, they would be done slightly differently. Their caesar salads are also tasty... very good dressing. We tend to come back here every time we're in Vegas.
4	Sandwiches are not that great and over priced but it's a good place for some coffee and French pastries, the cheese cake, the vanilla Neapolitan and vanilla custard is . That's the only thing you should get, everything else is over priced.
3	A good place for coffee and french pastries/desserts. FYI.. They charged 50 cent for a cup of water.
