4	I think part of the reason I like Town Square so much is because it's close to where I live.  Call me biased.Town Square opened in the fall, right before the holiday shopping season.  It's unique for Vegas because it's not an enclosed mall.  It's all outdoors, much like you'd find in Southern California.  This goes a step beyond, because you really don't feel like you're in a mall at all.  The architecture and the layout makes it feel like you're in an actual town square.  You can drive right up and park in front of the Apple Store or Aeropostale.  (If you're lucky enough to find an empty spot)  So far, many of the stores have yet to open, but all are located on the surrounding edges of what is open.  So it's not like you're walking past empty stores all over.  As for the stores, it's pretty much what you'll find at any other high end mall in the country.  The ladies are all flipped out by having a new H&M, but it just looks like another clothing store to me.  Rather than having the typical food court filled with pretzels and items on a stick, Town Square has focused on restaurants like California Pizza Kitchen and Yard House.  So unfortunately there's no place to get a Cinnabon fix.It will be interesting to see if the popularity of this outdoor mall declines when temps hit 110+ in the summer.  But for now, I'll be shopping at Town Square.
4	The difference between Town Square and any other mall in Las Vegas is that Town Square looks like... well... a town!  You can drive through threw certain parts of this mall and have metered parking right next to the store of your choice if you're in a hurry.  They also have restaurants, retails stores, and a huge movie theater.  Many of the stores haven't opened yet, but they'll offer a wide selection once they do such as a Whole Foods Market.  The movie theater offers luxury seats along with widescreen DLP projectors.  The design has a nice feel to it.  There's a small park in the middle for children.  It's not a bad place to check out to kill some time once in a while.
4	I think one of the reasons that Town Square will always have a peace of my heart is because the layout and design of the shopping center reminds me of California. Such as the Spanish Style decor, the imported grass and palm trees, the overall pleasing asthetics. Also I like Towne Square because it has so many great stores including my favorites like Crabtree and Evelyn, Tommy Bahama, and H&M. Towne Square also features a wide variety of restaurants ranging from Claim Jumper to California Pizza Kitchen to Louis's Fish Camp.  And to top it all off this shopping center has its own movie theater that consists of luxury seating, friendly service, and widescreen DLP Projectors. Overall, I highly recommend it, especially if you migrated from California to Nevada and you want a taste of home.
4	The best part of town square is the parking!!! Any other mall or shopping center you have to go through the parking garage find a spot, yadda yadda, .... Here you can park right in front of your favorite store. How awesome is that... yeah there's a meter , takes quarters, big deal.... This is also they did not get 5 stars... the concierge did not have change, she said she was out & sent me the the Claim Jumper down the way a short walk, But she should have went herself (I think) anyways scenery is nice, very nice.Shops are classy a little upscale, not cheap by any means but its a mall... not the fashion show but there are a few top designers. Not to mention close to home, Hey, I think I have to go to anchor blue tonight....Oh yeah, Rave Motion Pictures is there too, really nice clean movie spot.
4	Very nice and fairly new outdoor mall that's a few miles away from the strip. It reminded me of The Grove in Los Angeles. There are some nice stores, a movie theater and a few restaurants. It's definitely nice to walk around when the weather is moderate. Like some have mentioned though, hopefully, the mall won't lose business once normal Vegas temperatures hit.
4	This place reminds me of Lexington Village and Crocker Park in the Cleveland, Ohio area where I am from.  The same style of plaza-building has swept the nation. Still, it's a nice change from the look of much of Las Vegas. Very clean, has a village feel, and is friendly looking. The only thing that drives me crazy is that I get lost in these places!
5	Town Square is the newest shopping addition to the Strip in Las Vegas. There is a very good selection of stores such as Guess, Bebe, H&M, Express, etc, and a Rave Motion movie theater. There is also an area in the center of the shopping square with a big grass area and rock climbing wall (I was here on Easter, and they had a big Easter Egg Hunt going on in this area... It was cute).  This shopping center is definitely one of the nicest in Vegas, but what makes it better is the fact that there's no glitz and glamour - this outdoor shopping center makes you feel like you're back at home in an upscale suburban area.The only thing I can foresee to be a bad thing is once the winter and summer comes, the extreme weather may cause people to not necessarily want to come here.  Otherwise, this mall is great.
5	If nothing else, it's an outdoor shopping center refreshing alternative to casinos and factory outlet malls.  Take a break from the strip and stroll around for a couple of hours...
4	Brand new out door shopping Center off the strip.I love the metropolitan city theme, it's like walking around on a movie set.  They have a buncha clothing stores and restaurants.Just a few,Clothes: H&M, Express, Banana Republic, Armani Exchange. Old Navy, BCBG.Restaurants: CPK, Yard House, BRIO Tuscan Grille, Blue Martini.ETC: Apple store, Swarvoski, Whole Foods, Frys' next to the center.Also, a Godard Art Store if you want to bring home a $$$ souvenir for dad.They also have a really cute play area in the center for kids and "Doggy Bars" (drinking fountains) !!!Complimentary valet =)
4	I think that town square is great. There is something for the whole family to do. There is the park for the kids and families. There are the higher end stores for the big shoppers. Then again there are the normal average joe stores thrown in the mix too. I love the fact that a Whole Foods Market is being built there too because its like a one stop shop. I'm so happy they put a book store there because theres not one too close in any particular direction. I recommend it highly to locals and visitors. The atmosphere is great, not too much of a Vegas feel. It reminds me of cute neighborhood boutiques...Not many found in the heart of Vegas. So whether its grocery shopping, looking for a great book, clothes shopping, or just going out to dinner, Town Square is great because it has all those places and so much more!
5	I really like this place.  It reminds me of the outdoor shopping centers that  I miss in So Cal.  And most of my favorite stores are in one place without having to go on the strip, Bebe, H&M, Guess, White House Black Market, Express, etc.  It is very easy to spend a day here between shopping, dining, movies, and people watching.   It's also kid and pet friendly and the misters throughout are a plus.
4	Great shopping without the hustle and bustle of the strip. It is very reminiscent of Southern California with stores that don't really break the bank. I like it a loh. A loh.
5	Everyone's going nuts about this mall.  I love it, but I just find it funny because in San Diego, all our malls are outdoors.  It's nice to have all of my favorite stores in one place (like H&M, Express For Men) as well as some great restaurants & bars (Yard House, CPK).  If it wasn't so far from my house, I'd be at this mall a lot more often!
5	i like this place.. especially cause you can take your dog.good stores... big h&m... they have high end & affordable stores.. movie theaters .. restaurants...  bars...  BORDERS! hahaanyway, you can walk your dog and actually bring them in the stores as long as their on a leash.  it weirds ppl out..  but, it's allowed!  and i'm always down with that..ps: they got misters and frozen yogurt!
5	Does heaven exist?  Yes it does, and it's just south of the "welcome to las vegas" sign.All the stores you could ask for.  Great layout,  like a little cobblestone village, except it has palm trees with misters.  If you're from Marin, its the Village on super steriods with better stores.  Blue Martini after shopping is a must, unless it's wednesday, then I say good luck to you my friend.Best shopping in vegas for sure, all price ranges.
4	Claim Jumper is always pretty good, but this is an extra nice place to eat.  Town Square is a great pace to hangout and go to movies.  How the area is always packed on weekend, Claim Jumper never seems that busy.  The staff is helpful, and the food is above par.
4	Huge sprawling outdoor shopping center past the Airport. Kind of like the Town Center in Valencia, CA only without the indoor part. Huge movieplex called Rave (never heard of the chain) and a wide variety of bars including Yard House and Blue Martini. Big Whole Foods too in case you'd rather blow your wad on organic food instead of some slot machine at Hooters. Apple Store, Robb & Stucky and a bunch of other great shops.  My only beef? Parking! It's all metered. Huh? With all the free parking in Vegas, I can't believe they've got meters at Town Square. That just doesn't add up.
5	Town Square... I love it there. It makes me feel like I'm at Bay Street in Emeryville, California or Santana Row in San Jose, California. When I miss the Bay Area I just come here and feel like home. I love the shops, food and i also like how Fry's Electronics is right around the corner. All this place needs is an Urban Outfitters and make H&M bigger!
4	OK, I'm thoroughly impressed with this new shopping center. To be honest, its like any other center with your typical retails stores. Abercrombie & Fitch, Express, Gap, Finish Line, Journey's, H&M, and also a fair amount of dining establishments. It also has the first Yard House in Nevada, and that's awesome enough. The movie theater is some futuristic-looking theater not named AMC, Edwards, or Century, and there's kiosks outside the building where you can get your tickets. Credit card required. In the middle of the complex is a nice little park with a playground for the kids. I don't like the fact that the public restrooms are too spread out, but I guess the other restaurants justify. Also, street parking and parking closest to the stores have pay meters. I guess its fair if you scored some sweet parking. Aesthetically, its like what Jessica T. mentioned (Santana Row or Bay Street). Very nice to look at it, aside from the huge block of retail off to the side (Fry's Electronics). Its right by the 215 and the 15, so just look for the Fry's and you're there. Otherwise keep going south of Las Vegas Blvd. past Mandalay Bay. Word.
4	This is my favorite outdoor shopping center away from the hustle and bustle of the strip.  This contemporary mall is spacious and well-designed.  There is an abundance of palm trees, vendor kiosks, and misters (to keep patrons cool).  An oasis indeed!  The middle of the square has a park where families can chill & eat while the kids can enjoy the playground and water fountains.  Recently visited H&M, Coffee Bean, B&BW, Guitar Center, Rave Motion Picture, and Yard House (http://www.yelp.com/biz/yard-house-las-vegas#hrid:2bB5h1YWT7tR04wIR6J4ag).  I'll be back very soon!
4	This place reminds me of something I would see in Orange County.  Great layout and lots of stores...I didn't get to walk around but I did go to Kubiki and Borders.  i will have to come back and do what the locals do here on the weeknights.  It seems that there are several places to get drinks and many restaurants to try. I like what I see and will definitely come back.
4	As stated by others, this place reminds me of home AKA Orange County. Its sooo nice and new and fresh. Theres a lot of available parking, and also valet if your feeling uber lazy or its the holidays. I mean it has Yardhouse, Yogurtland, the Apple store. What more could i want. Why not 5 stars? Cause Im not keen on the misters, but most people love them.
4	My shuttle driver, Louise, tried to talk me out of this spot. It's too fancy, she protested, too high falutin', too overpriced!I listened politely, smiling, and said "um, how close are we?""High falutin'" and "fancy" are codewords for "perfect for Me", and I can negotiate well enough to deal with "overpriced" so I knew I'd love Town Square!This is Las Vegas' version of South Florida's CocoWalk and it is fabulous.  In a town full of over-the-top, tacky and garish, Town Square is a tempered, well-appointed oasis. If you want to get off the Strip to shop, this is your spot. To be sure, it's a mall like any other--all the major stores and brands are there. But   I grew up regularly shopping at one of the nation's early outdoor malls (River Oaks outside of Chicago) and I'm a fan of the concept. Very good mapping and signage to get to the store of your choice, and not so big and intimidating that it's overwhelming to stroll. I don't have children but I appreciate the fact that it's kid-friendly with a fully stocked playground and attendants. Parents can be hands on or collapse with their bags on nearby benches and let the attendants take over!I also *love* that unlike most malls that are anchored by department stores, this one is anchored by Whole Foods! *trumpets playing, angels singing*So I got to cap off my lovely day by taking my favorite, non-perishable yummies from Whole Foods back to my hotel room! My shuttle driver, Louise, could only roll her eyes when she picked me up and saw all my shopping and grocery bags. "You're one-a THOSE kinda chicks!"Why, yes, Louise. Yes I am!
4	I can't think of any reason why I wouldn't rate Town Square as one of the best shopping malls in all of Las Vegas.  The stores range from your semi-high end shops like MetroPark to your everyday dress-wear like H&M. Quality restaurants liter the entire mall with various options available....Also the nightclubs/lounges are some of the best in terms of local appeal.
5	Town Square meets my every need: great shopping, good eats, lovely libations, Whole Foods, a movie theater and a wonderful mixture of young and old, single and married, locals and visitors, families and the childfree. It is a perfectly balanced lifestyle center with a something for everyone. Parking is abundant, including multiple covered garages, large open lots, valet and metered street parking for those times when you're merely running in and out. If you're looking to shop, you'll find casual classics from The Gap, trend-setting, affordable styles from H&M and glamour galore at the MAC store. Other shopping options include Aldo, Lucky Brand, Juicy Couture, Express, Sephora and so much more. You'll just have to visit for yourself to see it all.After a day of shopping, grab a bite to eat at California Pizza Kitchen, Brio, The Yardhouse or visit Whole Foods on your way out for all that you need to make a delectable dinner at home.If the club scene isn't your thing, date night can be enjoyable when spent at Town Square. Stop by the Blue Martini for special martinis that are out of this world. Or, try a wine tasting at The Grape. For entertainment, take in a movie at Rave Motion Pictures, a show at The Stage Door or sing along at Pete's Dueling Pianos. Families benefit from Town Square's child-friendly center park and the pedestrian-friendly design of the entire complex. Caveats include low-flying airplanes, as they make their way to a landing at the very nearby airport, and a slow-to-go exit from Town Square onto Las Vegas Boulevard. But those two inconveniences set aside, Town Square has so much to offer its visitors and continues to grow and expand, making it a favorite among Las Vegas locals.
4	Town Square is just what Las Vegas has been missing all these years. Great mix of shopping, dining, entertainment, and offices above the retail. Some stores are a tad bit pricey, but overall, this is one of the best entertainment centers in the country. I love how you feel like you are in California when you are walking down the beautiful streets, and Rave Motion Pictures is the best movie theater I have ever been too. Defenitly worth the trip if you are visiting Las Vegas or if you live here and haven't discovered it just yet.
4	Went to Blue Martini in Town Square and liked it so much came back during the day to stroll around.  It's an outdoor mall with cool shops, restaurants and pretty good nightlife.  South of the strip-you'll need to drive or take a taxi.
2	I do not understand outdoor malls in Las Vegas.  This is not Southern California.  The weather is very unpleasant 7-8 months out of the year. The parking in this place is weird - as if it were designed in the middle of the last century with small amounts of METERED parking that is close to the stores.  The free self-parking is set off in the corners somewhere.  The valet parking is in the back, but quick, friendly and free.  I did not see any handicapped parking spots near the restaurants in the center of the mall.  Because of the pedestrians, two lane streets, and metered parking, it is pretty slow moving when you drive around the mall.  I am sure it is also pretty annoying for the people trying to stroll through town square to have to dodge in and out of traffic to get around.  It's just a weird, dumb design that does not fit Las Vegas or modern life in general.The selection of the shops and restaurants is great.  I also like how they designed this mall to be pet-friendly and lots of dogs seem to be having fun here.  There is a lot of patio dining in the restaurants, but you cannot bring you dog there to eat - you have to hold them on a leash just outside the patio barriers.  I don't think this is safe for the dog or pedestrians walking by.  So while this mall welcomes you to bring your dog, they are not welcome to eat anywhere near you.  I know this is a health code concern - but dogs on a restaurant patio are not going to spread the plague. You are more likely to get sick from a line cook not washing his hands, or some inconsiderate parent changing their baby's diaper in the middle of a restaurant.
4	nice selection of stores, valet parking that is free just need a tip. lots of restaurants and had fun with the band in front of tommy bahama restaurant. relaxing.
4	This is a outdoor shopping area.  Great shops.  Beautiful spot to stop for brunch and then go shopping!!!  Great addition to Vegas to get away from the Strip!
5	Town Square really changed this city for the better for a lot of locals and tourists alike. It gave us locals a great place to dine, shop, and enjoy ourselves. Town Square is a large outdoor California style mall with an abundant amount of shops and restaurants that were otherwise unknown to Vegas such as Yard House, Blue Martini, The Grape, Brio, and countless others. There is also a great movie theater, finally our own H&M, and a little park with slides for kids in the middle of Town Square. It accommodates moms with kids, couples on dates, and tourists alike.  I have lived in this city for 20 years and find it hilarious that someone wrote that our city is unbearable 8 months out of the year. I lived in NYC for 3 1/2 years, unbearable is when you can't leave your house because you're snowed in or because there's a wind chill of -1 outside  . We have about 6 months of awesome weather and the rest are hot as hell mixed with a few of cold.  Vegas in the summer time is when we go to pools and get tan, so no complaints. Town Square is awesome on those hot summer nights in August sitting out on Brio's patio with their misters spraying on your back and a cool drink in your hand. Before that all we had was Summerlin. So long live the architects who designed Town Square, because you made this city more fun to enjoy.
4	I LOOOVED this place!  There were so many stores I had been wanting to hit up all in one beautiful place.  I bought my macbook and a cute jacket and a bunch of stuff for my husband from Old Navy.It was a little noisy with the planes landing across the road, but I didn't mind so much.  Parking was easy.One star off for being outside.  The weather was lousy and made it kind of annoying.
4	An outdoor mall that has automobile traffic cruising through the mall that's fully equipped with shops, movie theater, restaurants/bars for the big kids, a park for the little kids, and even leashed aminals are allowed to roam around with their parents. It's the newest mall, outside of a casino, in Las Vegas so of course you expect it to be pretty and she sure is! It's got greenery, water and personality. Let's start with the obvious, the shopping. So you've got your Apple Store, kinda expensive shops, i.e. Banana Republic, and you've also got your reasonably prices shops, i.e. H&M, both of which I do like but they're usually not in the same mall, at least, not out here! Even if you don't make any purchases, it's a real nice place to take a walk in, yes we do it, so what? And they have a Borders that you can visit, if you're sick of walking but don't want to go home, you can grab a drink, a magazine and have a seat. Rave Motion Pictures (their movie theater). All their theaters are, as claimed by their website, 100% Digital Projection, meaning, "Oh wow, that's a nice picture!". Lots of leg room, so if you're like me, small ass bladder, when you're walking through the aisle to use the potty, you don't run the risk of passing by those people that refuse to fricking move their legs when they know that you're trying to get through. Done shopping and that sound that you thought was your puppy growling is actually your stomach? There are plenty of places to eat that you're able to choose from. Most of them have outdoor seating so it's nice to be out there when the weather is a notch above spectacular. If it's more of a late night thing, they have restaurant/bars that you can choose from too, yard House, Cadillac Ranch (mechanical bull available), etc. Nice places to hang out for you night owls. Right in the heart of the mall is an area for families. There's a reasonable size playground, (fake) grass area, small bridge w/ water that flows underneath it and small stands for refreshments if you feel that you need a cool down. In the grass area, they sometimes show free movies, have lives bands, etc. Pet lovers, this is such a pet-friendly mall! Some (yea, not that many) restaurants have water bowls in front of their shops, relief areas provided with those wonderful black plastic bags, and I think that you can eat with your pet in the outside seating areas at some of the restaurants, at least, I saw several restaurants that allowed it? My lil Min-Pin loves going here and so do we :)I knocked off a star just because, c'mon, it's Vegas, another outdoor mall??? Yea, it's so fun walking around the mall in 102 degree weather! If they can make this an indoor mall, I'd give 100 stars :D
4	Town Square is like a great half way point for many people in the city. Need a place to meet up with friends but they live on the other side of the valley? Hit up TS! They have a  great array of bars, restaurants, shops, ample parking, movie theater and a Fry's electronics! What more can you ask for? You have a place to eat, drink, shop, buy all the latest gadgets and catch a flick! AWESOME!
3	This is a huge cookie-cutter faux "town square" complete with chains.It's a decent spot to meet folks due to its location, which provides easy access from the Strip and other points, plus copious parking.Dining options are hit or miss, depending on how much you like places like Claim Jumper, Yard House, or Texas de Brazil. Plenty of places to drink, and plenty of places to shop.
4	I really enjoy this place. The stores, the restaurants, the water park and the walking. Did I mention stores!!!
4	After my son and I went to Menchie's, we went to a birthday. He had fun... Now it was my turn to have some fun. So we went to Town Square and walk around and see what new stores were around there. We went into Old Navy and bought a few things. Afterwards, we continued walking and walking. We went into the Apple Store to check out the new gadgets and computer stuff. Had a blast testing out the new stuff. Then it was on to more walking around. We saw kids getting wet in the kids section since it was BLAZING HOT yesterday. We were gonna go and see a movie. We wanted to see SPLICE, but the next show was at 6p and it was only 4:30p for us.. We didn't wanna stick around in the HOT sun. So, as we got back to the original spot where we parked the car, we decided to call it a day, so Lil Man thinks that is what was gonna happen. As we were driving off, he thought we were heading home, WRONG. We were heading to the Las Vegas Outlet. We had quite the day of shopping and hanging out. And we loved it because we got to spend time together away from the craziness with our schedules from work to his school events and functions.
4	This outdoor mall is pretty cool... it's located conveniently off the 15 and 215 interchange.  You can't really see it from the freeway even though its so freeway close.This place reminds me of State Street of Santa Barbara with its mission style architecture.  Yeah, the stores have that upscale look and you almost feel like you're walking around a local downtown hangout.I notice that a lot of locals come here with their Nevada plates on their cars.  So while it should be a tourist attraction, most of the shoppers here seem to be local.However, parking is such a tease here.  They have limited metered street parking along the stores so you feel like you want to park your car here.  But really, it's better to parking in the structured parking so that you won't be disappointed as you drive around looking for the best metered parking spot.Overall, a good place to do some shopping with the locals.
3	The overall look of the Town Square @ Vegas is refreshing and comely. Lots of shops - including Abercrombie, AIX, and Hollister - to check out. One star off because the mall guides were sparsely located and made us search for it (took us 15 minutes). Another off because you need to walk outdoors, and unlike the Premium Outlets, this place has no mist stations to cool you off. Not good when it can get up to 105 degrees here.
1	OK, I am not a shopper...by no means! But, as part of the activities for a small family get together in Vegas, I agreed to go along. I had no idea what to expect but had heard that there was this great new mall in vegas.Let me preface this slam of a review by saying it was the end of June in Vegas which means it was hot, but not yet Vegas (read: Africa) Hot yet. I think it was about 100-102.So, the backers of this project must have picked their architect from a pool of guys passing around a massively packed water pipe. WHO BUILDS AN OUTDOOR MALL IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FREAKIN' DESERT!Someone should have told the guy that most people in the USA go to the mall to GET OUT OF THE HEAT. Now, add to this that instead of one main thoroughfare like the outdoor mall in SLC (The Gateway), this place has side streets and the sight lines and the signage makes it impossible to see what stores are where. Between the heat and the need for a GPS to navigate this place, most people must go to one or two stores they know they need to go to, then pack it up and head out.Now, they did have misters here and there, but the ones that did work did not do much as they were 10' off the ground and the water evaporated too high off the ground. The real kicker is the kids play area (which was quite nice) had very little shade and NO MISTERS! Top that off with the water feature in the kids area was not even working!In the end, the best part of my trip to this mall was leaving the group behind, driving across the parking lot, and exploring the nice air-conditioned realm of Fry's!
4	AN OUTDOOR MALL IN VEGAS?! I can give 2 sh*ts!  I LOVE this PLACE!  It has it all!
4	Las Vegas' answer to Green Valley's "The District" except it is larger and a little spread out more- where old  (the architecture) meets new (the stores). This is what my husband refers to as "It doesn't even feel like we're in Las Vegas." The center serves as host to many events like pet adoptions. Numerous parking lots, side street parking (how's your parallel parking?) and a parking garage ensures that you will have a place to park. Pet-friendly. The big guns: Whole Foods, Fry's Electronics, H & M, Old Navy, Borders Bookstore, & Rave Theatre. The mall standards: Bath & Body Works, The Body Shop. Banana Republic, Apple, Hollister, Journeys, Gap, Bebe, Sephora & Express. The restaurants: Blue Martini (great happy hour), Texas De Brazil (don't get me started), Yard House, California Pizza Kitchen, & Tommy Bahama Cafe. Also, has a Frozen Yogurt place, that usually has a line out the door. Lots of other shopping possibilities that I didn't mention. If visiting during the Summer months, avoid peak UVA/UVB hours, or wear a big hat and sunblock. Nicely decorated for Christmas but chilly, so bring a warm jacket.
5	I love Town Square and now that they have re-done the kids play area its even better. My mommy group hosts alot of playdates there. It was closed for awhile..which sucked. But they added some badly needed shade areas and gave the ground a fresh slab of rubber.Bouncy!The mall itself has all the stores I enjoy shopping at..and I love Yardhouse for Happy Hour.You can find me here at least 1 or 2 times a week!
4	In case you didn't know... Las Vegas is in the desert. That means it gets hot here! Really, really hot. Our summers last from around April to September, and even though it is a dry heat it is not always pleasant to be outside during the peak heat seasonPeople that willingly choose to go to an outdoor shopping center, like Town Square, should know what they are getting themselves into. You may get hot. You should probably dress accordingly, and may even want to apply some sunscreen. To stay somewhat cool while shopping, there are misters and even a splash pad for children to play at. In the center of the mall there is a park with kiosks where you can buy yummy smoothies, shaved ice and iced coffee.  What really makes Town Square a great place to shop are the stores of course! This is the only place you can shop at  a stand alone MAC store (not just a counter in a department store), H&M or Sephora without going to a casino. For a local like myself, that's a big deal. The overall variety of stores is nice as well, from fairly inexpensive stores like American Eagle to higher end shops like Juicy Couture. Lots of specialty shops as well, like Guitar Center and Fry's Electronics. Not in the mood for some retail therapy? Town Square has a movie theater and about a dozen different restaurants.  You could even do your grocery shopping at Whole (Paycheck) Foods! Town Square has a little bit of everything, if you can not find something to do or something to spend your money on here, you probably won't find it at any other Las Vegas shopping center either...
4	Can't believe you're in Vegas! It's great to be in Vegas, however sometimes you need a break from the glitz, souvenir shops and outlet malls. That's when you come here. Regular stores such as Banana Republic, Old Navy, Ann Taylor, etc. It's a small city with restaurants, shops, playground for kids, and more. Nice and clean, sometimes you need a get a way from Sin City and this is it. Must see if you've never been.
5	Town Square is one of my favorite places in Vegas.  Here's why:- Outdoor Shopping....yes, there are many outdoor shopping malls in Vegas, but none like this.  The developer did a great job of replicating a modern, downtown shopping area where you can park in front of the store and walk down 'streets' and alleys.- Store Selection....Fry's Electronics, Rave Theater, Tommy Bahama, Banana Republic, Bebe, Armani Exchange, Hollister, Apple Store....there's something for everyone in the family.  My Better Half & Kid have their spots and I can spend the entire day at Fry's or in the Apple Store, ha!- Restaurants.....this is my favorite part of Town Square.....Grape Vegas, Johnny McGuire's, Yard House, Cadillac Ranch, Anthony's Coal Fired Pizza, Yogurtland, Dairy Queen are a few of the many restaurants we love to visit.  There's something for everyone....casual to upscale.- Parking....there's a ton of parking.....3 parking garages plus acres of space.- Atmosphere....When the weather is nice, I love to grab a Froyo @ Yogurtland and walk around window shopping, enjoying the scene.  There's a park in the middle of the Square with a water fountain and kids area for playing.  Sometimes they have events here, but I don't care for large crowds so I usually avoid them.Overall....a truly unique place in Vegas.  The only other places that are close to it in town are The District in Green Valley & Boca Park in Summerlin.Will I return?  I'd go every day if it was closer to where I live.
5	Town Square kind of reminds me of walking in a mini San Diego. I kept it to myself at first till my husband mentioned that it was like San Diego so I knew I wasn't the only one. The outdoor shopping isn't typical... the stores aren't lined up on concrete like an assembly line. It has a small town feel to it with trees, running water, and bridges. I liked that they also have an area where you can sit on the grass ( I think it's fake) and relax . The setting is very calming compared to The Miracle Mile. I like the outdoor vendors here because they don't hassle you to try their products like they do at the Miracle Mile in Planet Hollywood. I used to go there just to go to Sephora and I felt I had to look down , walk fast and not make eye contact with any of the vendors. I just don't want to be talked into something that I don't need...I'm talking from experience. The worst experience was coming home with an over priced hair straightener that was also supposed to curl your hair. I got home and I couldn't get it to curl my hair ..I gave up because my hair was getting frazzled. I also like that it's not on "the strip" so it's not as hectic but it's still busy. There is still plenty of things to do in the mall besides shop there is a movie theater, places you can go for happy hour ...and I'm not talking Apple Bees. I'm just so glad that I can start coming here to get my Sephora fix because it's much more laid back here!
5	Before they opened this place, I was so excited to hear there was going to be one more option for shopping in Vegas. I'm really glad this place has survived the bad economy as a whole (there have been several casualties in the restaurant/bar department). I like the layout of the mall. There's plenty of parking and in a variety of ways (open lot, garages, and store-front meters). The metered parking is very convenient when you just want to hit up one store, get in and get out.This place is more than a mall. It's quickly become a popular nightlife spot offering an alternative to clubbing. There are a variety of restaurants/bars available to locals who want to have a drink and hangout.They also have a kids park, which includes water fountains to cool the kiddies off in the Vegas summer heat.Some of my favorite stops: H&M, Yogurtland, Francesca's, Auntie Anne's, and Sephora. Not to mention the best movie theater in town: Rave Motion Pictures. At night my friends and I enjoy the wine bar The Grape.This place has something for everyone.
5	Oh how i love Town Square!  Its got a little bit of everything in one location :]  The restaurants are all amazing, the shopping is to die for, and Rave Motion Pictures is the best!  The ambiance is beautiful---the lighting, the park, and just the overall feel is wonderful.  It doesn't matter if you're looking for a place to have a romantic night out or to party with your friends...Town Square is definitely the place to do it!
4	This place is the result of Las Vegas trying to emulate that small town-Main Street vibe through shopping malls. So the place feels contrived and faker than Angelina from Jersey Shore. But don't let that deter you from visiting at least once. It's similar to The District in Henderson but better. Way better. How so? I'm giving this place four stars primarily because it has a great H&M, Express, and Sephora. They have an Old Navy in case you want to buy a last minute cheap-ass gift or flip-flops.I would have upgraded to five stars if the place had Zara, Urban Outfitters, and Jamba Juice. Oh well. There is casual-fine dining, bars, and a movie theater. A great place if you wanna splurge by shopping and eating with your BFFs. The cons? Entering, parking, and leaving this place is abysmal and cumbersome. It's worse during holidays and weekends! I'm sitting in traffic, bumper-to-bumper, and my ass is hurting by the second. Oh hellz no, y'all. I don't think so. I don't understand how the developers and project managers overlooked this issue. This is probably the biggest problem of Town Square, so it's best to go on the weekdays. Also, this place is crawling and invaded by teenagers clad in plaid and skinny jeans during the weekends. So beware. Otherwise, bring lots of money, have fun, and avoid during the weekends.
5	Well rounded. That is what you are Town Square. Well Rounded. You have a bit of everything that I need!I love the fact that it's an outdoor shopping area. Kinda sucky when it's time for the hot vegas weather but they have misters in the trees to help cool you down. They have a nice selection of stores there. My must go places: Sephora, Borders, Metro and Frys. They also have a nice outdoor grass area with a playground to take the kiddos to.The restaurant selection is nice. So after shopping you can get your grub on. Stop by Brio for the best "food" happy hour. 3.95 specials!Wanna catch a flick? There's Rave with their awesome theaters.Need a drink? Want to dance? Want to lounge? Come back to Town Square for night life... because it's POPPIN. Blue martini, cadillac ranch, lolitas, etc...Town Square. Just like me. You're well rounded. :op
5	This OPEN place has everything you need for a family such as a wide clutter of shopping places, night bars especially Cattle Ranch, restaraunts like Claim Jumper ( The portion of foods, WOW!!!), childrens park.
5	It's October now and the evenings are cool and fresh - what could be a better way to spend an evening than taking a stroll through Town Square?  You'll have *plenty* of great shops to explore, nice restaurants or snack vendors when you get hungry and just for a few hours you can pretend you're in a downtown area of a small city.  It's clean, nicely landscaped, and the whole place hums with an excellent upbeat vibe!My husband and I explored the whole layout and finally ended up in the central grassy plaza on a bridge over a pond.  Fairy lights twinkled on the trees.  Couples and families strolled by and children played at a pumpkin patch.  We just looked at each other and gave high fives - congratulating ourselves on finding such a fun place that we will most definitely return to!
5	Let's go SHOPPING!They have a great variety of retail shops and restaurants, not to mention a movie theater and a children's park.  It's also pet friendly.  I like the fact that they have activities basically every weekend for the entire family.  Parking isn't too bad.  We all need some kind of exercise sometime, right?
3	I use to really love this place! My fiance and I still try to come here as often as we can to watch movies. We use to feel like it was somewhat an escape from Vegas lights. However, it has become super commercialized, with all the bars and 'wannabe' club establishments. I miss it when it was more for families to walk around at night. I suppose that the courtyard is still intact, but it is too close to all those 'adult' establishments with all their loud music.
5	I'm still lovin Town Square! I was here again and it was a Saturday night..normally I don't get here @ night. I was amazed at the amount of people all dolled up. It seems that TS is now the hotspot to hit before hitting a club. I also noticed that alot of people were sticking around and making TS their spot for the evening. They have some new places that were really pumping the music and filled to the brim with people having fun. Nice to see that some nightlife is so close to home! Gonna come back and check out Lolitas soon!
5	I love walking here, especially during the winter. This place is most certainly different than the rest of the shopping malls and outlets here in Vegas.They have grEat stores such as a huge H&M and great eatery such as Johnny McGuires. There's wonderful entertainment from lives bands in the quad or movies at the rave motion theater. They have little holiday events too. They do pumpkin patches, pictures with Santa, movies in the quad for children. There's also this huge playground for kids. It's too bad I never had those kind of things in my childhood years. This outdoor, Spanish kinda vibe is a great place to walk when you wanna get away from that Vegas city life.If you've never been here, I'd suggest parking in the back. Only cus it's near most of the good stuff. Other than that.. parking isn't bad at all.
5	This outdoor mall is a treasure to me because it's so conveniently located outside south of the strip.  Nice clothing stores, Rave Motion Theatre, and cool bars that brings in attractive young crowds that light up the night life on any day.  This reminds me so much of home (Irvine Spectrum, CA), minus the bars of course.And if you're a MAC fanatic like me, Apple store is here!
4	This place is great. Town Square has some great stores and usually good sales too. I love the idea of a nice outdoor mall in Vegas and it is more than just a mall. They have a great selection of dining options and small eats.Last time I was here I got some hotdog thing in a french baguette. So AMAZING! And there's a kiosk with fresh smoothies that was yummy too. And then the dining... CPK, Miller's Alehouse, Brio, Bar Louie (too bad it's gone) and Whole Foods! I like to go their for their gelato and pastries.And then everything else, Blue Martini, Cadillac Ranch, Rave.Awesome place to just hang out. Fun for adults and for families with the play area in the middle. And so many events hosted here, it's nice. First of its kind in Vegas.This is a great place to grab a bite to eat, hang out in the park area, spend a full day shopping, or park in front of the store you need to go to grab something real quick, and just to spend a day outside.
3	I always like exploring the local things in Las Vegas - I mean, the Strip is great and all, but it can get old.  In any case, Town Square is located on Las Vegas Boulevard but way the eff south (past Mandalay Bay, away from the Strip). You have the normal shopping stuff, but I wasn't really impressed because it reminds me of every other outdoor mall I've been too.  In fact, it is strangely reminiscent of one I've been to in Montgomery, Alabama.Overall, great place to shop.  DEFINITELY better than the Fashion Show Mall and Miracle Mile (as in, more for NORMAL people, not people who can drop $10,000 on a bag), but nothing too special about it either. Be sure to dress accordingly too! (Although, I'd think that would go without saying, right?)
5	Love this place for it's design in Architectural layout and building. It's a great place for children to go to in the playground area. And great for walking around, admiring the place for what it is. The movie theaters is well-designed and the restaurants are top-noched!
4	I really like Town Square.  I'm normally there to visit the Apple Store or for some kind of event like today's Santa Run to benefit Opportunity Village. It's fun to sit and watch people strolling and kids playing in the park area.  Parking is quite easy in the garages or you can surface park in one of the lots.  The food offerings are excellent and the Rave Theatres in the back are quite nice.I guess I like Town Square because it's a nostalgic look back at what shopping used to be like before strip malls--when towns actually had squares and there were small stores along the streets.  Town Square does a nice job in trying to recreate that atmosphere.
4	At first we came here for a Santa 5k run here at this shopping center/outlet.  Many of us in Santa suits running and roaming around the shopping center (The people there were a great sport). We've rested and looked around the shopping stores, there were nice and it seems some of the places have decently priced clothes for Las Vegas. This place reminds me of places I've gone to in New York and New Jersey. They have this nice eating/kids playground area in the center of the square. All in all, this great place to shop in if your visiting Las Vegas and want to buy some decently priced items thats around the area close to the Las Vegas strip.
4	When this shopping center first opened, i immediately thought of Victoria Gardens in Rancho Cucamonga.  Town Square is obviously not as big, but it definitely has a nice feel to it.  It has a pretty good selection of stores from J.Crew to H&M to Apple.  The restaurants aren't too bad either.  I personally love California Pizza Kitchen and Yardhouse happy hour.  Unfortunately, like every new establishment, it inevitably gets over run by teenagers who run amok and like to get in your way.  But on the upside, they mostly stay close to what they know best: H&M, Rave movie theater, and yogurtland, so they don't cause too much trouble.On a different note: My aunt and her children love to go here for their movie nights.  I have yet to attend, but what part of a free movie under the stars sounds bad?Town Square makes for a nice shopping experience away from the strip.  And is conveniently only 5 minutes away from where I live.  Sadly, the only reason I really went to shop there is now closed and is being replaced with a Toys 'r Us Express... But I'm sure you'll find something there that makes you happy. :]
5	I really enjoyed this mall.  We walked around and patronized a few businesses but I was struck by this mall, in that, it reminded me of a town with the sidewalks and such.I thought to myself that we have carelessly rid ourselves of the towns and and the stores to shop from the smaller towns and moved toward big box stores, and this is an attempt to bring that back.  I guess everything moves in cycles.  And now it is the return of the town.I guess that's what I liked the most about this mall.  There were many businesses that I would normally patronize, although, we were there mainly to see the movie and have some dinner afterwards.  I would definitely spend more time here in the future.  A good place to shop!
5	Town Square is wonderful premium outdoor mall. The layout, buildings and design are beautiful. I'm very happy someone decided to put this here because for us Southwest dwellers the closest shopping used to be Galleria, or Fashion Show. Shopping: Town Square has a nice variety of premium and every day stores. Some of my favorites are Old Navy, H&M, Express, American Eagle, Sketchers, Victoria's Secret, Apple, White House Black Market, Steve Madden, The Body Shop, Sephora, Borders and Aeropostale. Dining/Food: First off, the Whole Foods here is WONDERFUL! I no longer have to drive into Henderson or Summerlin for my groceries! Dining selections are abundant in Town Square. For reasonably priced family dining I recommend California Pizza Kitchen or Yard House. Next up on the family dining price scale would be Brio Tuscan Grill, Texas de Brazil or Claim Jumper. You can see the college crowd and sports fans at Millers Ale House and Yard House. Quick bite? Check out Johnny McGuire's deli, yummers! Night Life: Rave Motion Pictures is a great theatre to catch a movie with a date, friends or the kids. Places you can count on to have happy hour crowds and a good hoppin Friday or Saturday night are: Pete's Dueling Piano Bar, Blue Martini, Yard House, Cadillac Ranch. Stop in Millers for PLENTY of sports on PLENTY of TV's. Brio has a great outdoor patio bar and fireplace for a more upscale spring or fall evening. Definitely something for everyone, college beer drinkers, Cougars on the prowl, guys drinkin' beer and watchin' sports and ladies night out, everyone is happy! Kids and Families: Wonderful playground park in the middle! Don't miss it, definitely a hit with the kids! Tips - parking lot always feels full, be prepared to park far and walk in to save time and hasstle.
4	Town Square is my go-to place for shopping in Vegas. It's a really nice outdoor mall and it has all my standard shopping places (Whole Foods, J.Crew, Banana Republic, Apple, etc.). And there's decent dining options and a movie theater too.I also love this place because there's almost always a little something extra. Whether it is fake snow or art sculptures, it seems like there is always something interesting to be seen. This can be a great place to just stroll around and enjoy the afternoon.I also appreciate the fact that it is dog friendly. There is even a little park area for the dogs (with that special astro turf stuff for doing their business) complete with a "doggie bar" (a cute water bowl with a "doggie bar" sign over it).I also like that even when it is super busy and crowded, it doesn't seem all that busy and crowded. It's never too difficult to find parking, you can still walk on the sidewalks, you don't feel cramped or frazzled, etc.
4	Great outdoor mall at the end of the Las Vegas Strip!  Shopping in Las Vegas is outrageous because most of the malls cater to the designer crowd.  If you are looking for affordable stores and a great atmosphere then this mall is a good a choice.  There are also some great restaurant choices, a movie theatre, and some sitting areas for people watching.I would recommend visiting Brio and the Blue Martini.  Neither will disappoint!
5	this is quite possibly the best mall in all of Las Vegas. allot say yeah this is an out door mall but even in the winter i was there walking and shopping.they have all my favorite stores like: journeys and body works,h&m,old navy, and gymboree(for the nephew). they also have an array of restaurants. a few of my favorites are: claim jumper,yardhouse,kabuki,brio and the fro yo place yougertland. they also ,if that's not enough, they have completely gigantic borders.and the rave motion pictures, and a play area for kids. this place is relaxing. sometimes i just grab a drink from the whole foods and just walk around the place. and i cant for get the boba drink place lollicup. the town square has so much to offer. even if you don't shop you can enjoy the people watching.also the place is filled with great architecture. the whole mall in sections, are different types, from modern by the theater to mission style by California pizza kitchen. this is a unique mall and experience one should put on their list of things to see. grab a latte and walk it, open your eyes to the buildings and the wonderful landscape. i will end this review with Johnny Mc Guire's the and i repeat the best sandwiches in Las vegas.they even give capriotties a run for there money. so go catch a movie, have a sandwich and stroll.
4	This is a new outdoor shopping area in Las Vegas. It has plenty of parking and was nicely decorated for the holidays. I didn't get to explore the entire area, but found some good bargains during some after Christmas shopping I did while I was in Las Vegas.
5	Incredibly large and beautifully designed outdoor shopping mall with every store you could ever need all in one fail swoop.  You can get your groceries (Whole Foods), household items (Target), shopping on (Apple, H and M, etc.), and dining all in one trip!  This is truly genius and something I wish I had in my neighborhood.  The weather was absolutely gorgeous when we went; making an outdoor stroll pleasant and enjoyable.  There is also a nice green space right in the center where families and chill and kids can relax. The architecture is modern with an Italian stucco flavor.  Great place to take the family on the weekend.
4	As far as I know, this is the newest mall in Las Vegas. So far Town Square is also my favorite. It's a huge sprawl of an outdoor mall. It's filled to the brim with many local favorites, major labels, and a few surprises.Everything from ALDO and Abercrombie and Apple to Staples, Sunglass Hut, and Swarovski are in this mall. It's also home to one of the best theaters in Vegas and a gathering of restaurants such as Kabuki, Yard House and Claim Jumper.You have to love the design of this place. It's as if every store is shaped like a different building. There's a park for children in the center of it and everything about this mall is truly designed to feel as if you were in an actual town square.It's all so very smart. I wonder why I've never seen anything like that before.
5	Day at park at town square - perfect place to take your lil one... Its gated in so you don't have to worry about your lil one roaming too far out of sight -
4	This place is the closest shopping center to my house. I come here on a weekly basis for H&M and American Eagle. I also LOVE Yardhouse's Monday night happy hour during the games, so its great to come here if your looking for a happy hour with the guys. Another place I'm a frequent shopper is Whole Foods, which is totally convenient if your already here shopping. I've also been to Blue Martini with an industry friend and we got 1/2 off all martini's for the night, which was a great deal. I recommend coming to this place despite others reviews, its a pretty chill place to go with good music. Over in all, this is a great shopping center for southwest Las Vegas. I would recommend anyone to spend a couple hours at Town Square.
4	So cute.A mall, that's more like a neighborhood rather than a mall. The deals aren't the best, but the setting is lovely. Amazing architecture, wide variety of stores, restaurants, snack stands, bars/clubs and even a movie theater. I'm wondering why they didn't add condos/apartments to this place, wouldn't it be awesome to live right here? It's outdoors, so it can be very hot or cold depending on what time of year you come here. Best stores: H&M, Whole Foods, Apple and Metropark. Lollicup is the boba place, and Yogurtland is next to the movie theater, so it's easy for you to sneak in some treats if you don't want to pay for overpriced concessions. You just didn't hear that from me.
3	The Wyndham Grand Desert has a shuttle that will take you to Town Square Las Vegas every day. If you have never been here before and have limited time to shop, be sure to download the iPhone app prior to your visit. Super helpful for logically mapping out which stores you want to hit up.I didn't download it until I arrived and was standing in the apple store getting some free Wi-Fi but it still helped.This pedestrian plaza has a lot to offer. I wish I'd had more time there. And I'll definitely return.
4	On a whim I decided to take the family to the Town Square Park for the Holiday "Snow" show. Aside from the "snow" being soap suds and not at all tasty, my daughter and niece had a great time. They have a lot of specialty shops and restaurants. We spent most of our time in the kid park area which is a perfect size and loads of fun. It's also gated so you can feel a little safer with your child running around. Plus it is big enough to see the entire play area when sitting at the entry gate. It does get crowded on the weekends, so be prepared to dodge the kids running around you.I would highly recommend taking your kids here. They will have a blast in the maze.
4	Town Square has become a thriving pulse of Las Vegas. It has a little of everything for everyone. When the weather permits, it is a great place to walk around, window shop, work up an appetite, dine, grab a few cocktails during happy hour, watch a movie to sober up, grab some frozen yogurt for dessert, and then drive home safely. I cannot help but think that this is what the Greenspun's were thinking of when they built the District. Unlike the shopping center in Green Valley, this area is made for the general public. The wide range of stores does not intimate people from strolling in and out, but welcomes people of all ages. Writing this entry has made me realize what a beautiful night this is, so I must bid you all a good evening, and head out to meet some friends for a leisurely walk around there.
5	I've loved this place since it opened and it barely had anything! Now it's bustling with tons of stores (Apple, Sephora, MAC, Victoria's Secrets and others to name a few), tons of restaurants and bars and a movie theater. I come here a few times a month for different things and I love that one of the best Whole Foods is here.
5	This is the most beautiful mall I've ever been to. It also contains lots of awesome stores and restaurants... I mean a lot! You feel like you're in a little quaint town with a bunch of boutiques. No tacky tourist stores to be found. Love it!I highly recommend this shopping center if visiting Vegas and you want to shop or dine at some nice places.
4	Today was my first time here and I'm honestly surprise I've never known of this place before. Its literally just down the road from the Mandalay Bay! I liked this place, but there wasn't as many stores as I was expecting. But its a nice place to just go for a walk around just for the hell of it, if you don't want to shop, but who am I kidding, its a mall... if you don't intend on shopping you wouldn't come to a mall/shopping center :) There were plenty of restaurants to take a break from shopping and grab a bite, and of course the snack stands and ice creams.I hope to bring my husband here soon since he's never been here, hopefully around the time it gets dark so we can take a stroll around the area when we don't have to toast under the burning hot vegas sun, and we'll get to see everything all lit up, and possibly dinner on a patio :)Be sure to wear sunscreen!
5	I think I have found my favorite place in Vegas!  This place offers everything...Great food, awesome bars, neat places to shop.  This place is perfect if you just want to waste a few hours walking around.  They have an awesome movie theater and even a Guitar Center to suite anyone's needs.  Id highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a good bite to eat or to even get their shopping fix on.  Definitely a regular here.
5	What a find.  We stumbled on this huge mall by accident and I'm so glad we did.  It's beautiful.  We spent twenty minutes last night just driving through it after it was closed.  It's that pretty to look at.My girls found they had their favorite stores:  juicy, mac, abercrombie........  They even had a Brighton store which was a nice surprise as I have a Brighton charm bracelet and they had charms at this location that I've not seen in the Bay Area.  If you are visiting the area, you should visit this mall even if you aren't a big time shopper.  It's really gorgeous.The only thing I wonder is what it would be like to shop here in the summer since it's an outdoor mall and I know it can get really hot.
4	a pretty cool spot to be away from Las Vegas strip. The thing that caught my attention was that they had stores that EVERYONE could afford. Most places in the casino are too $$$! Your Gucci, LV, etc.. Its also a great walk and area to hang out if your tired of the crowded Vegas strip area. In addition, its about a $20 cab ride from the strip...if you are here....you must try the BRAZILLIAN BBQ SPOT!!UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
4	I love Town Square as a semi secret locals spot. It has a great outdoor San Diego mall feel. It has a lot of great restaurants and good stores. It can be hard to find parking a lot of the time but, that is my only complaint.
4	Town Square is mostly great! I'm a fan of most things here, food and shopping etc.  There's a few places that have pissed me off a little, but mostly this is a solid place to have lunch/dinner, grab a drink, or do a little shopping.The shopping is pretty expensive, but way less than most of Vegas especially shopping on the strip. But honestly you're just as good going to the outlets or shopping online if you're not in a hurry. Of course, I hate shopping, I'm from the midwest and prices here are absolutely ridiculous compared to what I grew up with. It's pretty tough for me to spend my money shoppping in LV.  Pair of jeans for $80+???  And I've seen some at 300-400 for a pair of damn jeans? get the F*** outta here.Miller ale house, Yardhouse, Rave motion pictures, Lids, Fry's....those are my favorite places at town square. Most everything else can go ahead and close up shop and it wouldn't disappoint me that much. However, the economy needs some good shopping, and this night the lady decided we needed to eat at Claim Jumper because she was craving the Whiskey glaze chicken, so I caved and we went out of my comfort zone hahaha. Claim jumper is OOOKKK  in my book, but not something I am going to go out of my way for. And it's only about 12 mins away from the house with lights and dodging all the douchers that call what they do behind the wheel driving....4 solid stars for Town Square for me. It seems like a lot of the aforementioned douchers like to hang out at town square, tho not sure why. Last I knew there wasn't an Ed Hardy shop at town square, maybe it's cause they drove here to buy some $300 jeans to impress the douchettes! :)
5	Finally a place that reminds me of LA in LV. This is "The Grove" of Vegas. I love it! Upscale stores, outdoor shopping, a perfect mix of shops and food. Went for a Yelp event, Rise Up Japan. My new shopping paradise!
3	Town Square is one of those newer malls that are popping up in the suburbs outside major metro areas. Instead of the old school large, enclosed bubble, with the 2 floors, escalators, bad flourescent lighting, and four anchor tenants with the usual chain stores in the same predictable places of every other mall like them, these are designed to be like an old downtown of a city or town from 50 years ago. Sort of Main Street, but updated, in a controlled, planned complex. In the Bay Area, this would be Santana Row, or Bay Street in Emeryville. Or more like an actual city, like Walnut Creek, rather than a standard Westfield Mall. Only problem with this mall is, like the old downtown shopping  it tries to copy from days long gone, it has metered parking on the streets! Wha?Santana Row doesn't charge for parking. Neither does Walnut Creek.I had to feed the meter to go to Aldo and BeBe. Otherwise, the mall is pretty new. But it was pretty dead, so not sure how much turnover of stores will occur.  But if you are in Vegas and get tired of the mega-casino's mall (all the major ones on the strip have their own mall built-in), or if you live in Vegas and find the older malls are running down hill (most are), then try this one for a newer, slightly more upscale experience.Just bring real coins for the metered parking, not your casino chips.
3	Some fabulous stores, restaurants, venues, and entertainment options in this location, BUT ... Parking is a major cluster-fluk ... Unless I am going to Whole Foods (which I adore), or another place that is on the outskirts of the Square, I do not bother.  Sure, there is parking on the inside streets, but we all know that unless you have 45 minutes to cruise around looking for an opening, you are not gonna get lucky. If I want to go out for drinks, I surely don't want to park 1/2 mile away and hope I can find my car after I've gotten my buzz on.
4	I really like this place.  I love the feel of it and they have some great stores and restaurants.  They also have a playground for the kids which is a big plus for me and my kids love going there.  I knocked off one star because of parking and also difficulty getting out of the complex if you park near Borders books.  I always have a hard time turning left by Borders, it takes forever due to all of the traffic.  I have never tried to park on the streets inside the mall because it is useless to me.  The spots are usually full and I don't know how long of a time limit you have on the meters but I don't want to be rushed when I am shopping.   They have some higher end stores here, but I think it is a cool little place to just walk around and grab something to eat.
5	if you're looking for a break from the strip, go here. yes, it's another mall. but it's far less crowded and feels 'normal.' lots of places to eat, shop and hang outside. I think there's a movie theater as well.stores are still on the pricey side but far more reasonable than the Versace & Gucci malls on las vegas blvd!there is a huge parking lot outside of Whole Foods and minimal parking in the 'streets' within the square. the buses let you off right in front though, so driving is not required.there's a playground area for kids to take a break with plenty of seating for adults to chill.
5	This is the best place to enjoy an outside shopping day and take a lunch or dinner break at the restaurants. It also has a plethora of casual bars (some in restaurants) to hang out and have drinks with friends! It has a "town" feel which is what I love the most about it. Lastly, great selection of stores!!
4	Got lost on looking for a drug store, so i stopped here and did some shopping. I like this outdoor door. One of the stores I went in the dude was telling me about a sale that's going on this week end. Since I'm a student I love "sales" so I will be back on saturday. I also stopped at the movie theater to catch a flick. I enjoyed the movie as well. The only problem I had was some old lady seating around me, was talking and asking me was folks in the movie. Hands down I will be back
4	I adore Town Square. The concept of the collection of shops, restaurants and courtyard is reminiscent of the little places in California I used to frequent. The little streets and the walking paths added to the selection of top notch shops is genius. I love the MAC store, Steve Madden, H&M, Old Navy (huge one), and most of all Sephora! The restaurants are above par casual like the Yard House, Claim Jumpers, California Pizza Kitchen, etc. I also like the Texas de Brazil for a more upscale pigout. My kids also love to go to Town Square for the park. The play area is actually quite nice, complete with playhouses, a stage, a maze, a merry go round, and water-play area.
4	Great place for family.They have more pricey stores with a small mix of more-affordable stores like Old Navy, Bath Body Works, Gap, etc.Great playground for the kids but gets too crowded at times.
5	Cool shopping and great restaurants and things for the kids and great bars and clubs and nightlife. This is the perfect place to bring a date right in the center of town. Has something for everyone and a great movie theater.
5	If you're looking for something to do you should make Town Square the first thought. There is something for everyone there... Kids park, theater, shops, dinning, APPLE, books. It has great ambiance.
5	This is one of my favorite malls. I used to work here at A&F, but stopped coming here as often when I stopped working there.There's a Yogurtland here and RAVE movie theater so it's a pretty good area to hang out at. Catch a movie and then have some froyo and then have some happy hour at Yardhouse or Kabuki (3-6pm weekdays).  There's also boba at Lollicup. There's also a candy store next to Yardhouse and there's Express, Victoria's Secret, and H&M. I like being here at night especially and I like Rave for midnight showings.
3	place is ok, was pretty empty on a thursday night, they have live music, sounded good.... i would go again if i was in the area but not specifically go there to go specifically  to this place.
4	This is the place to go when meeting up with friends who are out for a night on the town for some drinks away from The Strip, going to the movies, or grabbing a quick happy hour lunch or dinner. To be honest I don't normally shop in Town Square or am caught wandering around, only because I see it as a meet up place for friends who are around the movies or restaurants. For the few stores I have been in, its nice to window shop and find the latest trends here. Like all places on The Strip, expect for the stores to be slightly more pricey than finding them in a local mall (which is a given). The ambiance here is a lot like the shops outside in California, so if you want to venture to a mall and also want to enjoy the wonderful weather, this would be your first stop!
4	As far as places to go, you have to put this place near the top of the list.  It has just about everything that you would want for a shopping/eating/hang out environment.  AND if you had to bring a bunch of friends here I BET that they will find something that will tickle their fancy.  The place is set up like a villagey small town kinda feel where cars can drive right up to the store they want to go to and park right out front (if it's not busy, which it always is, cause this place is awesome!) but don't worry your little head, there is plenty of parking in and around the place like garages and open lots, it pretty much your choice.  You have so many Shops and Food choices and bookstores and wait, is that a Whole Foods?!? Why Yes, yes it is a Whole Foods!  It's kinda hard to put this place into just one category because as many times as I've frequented the place I still haven't been around the whole area and you never know what will pop up next!  But all in all I have to just say if you haven't been here, your missing out!  And if you have been here then you know what I'm talking about ;)
4	They have Whole Foods, Borders, Lucky Brand Jeans and Sephora.  It's a nice place to go in the evening and Brio has a very nice happy hour.  Don't go here on a Friday or Saturday night during summer or school vacation.  It becomes over run with rude local teenagers from ALL over the Las Vegas valley, and the Town Square security is a joke. I do love the H&M too. Good deals considering the location.
4	Town Square is a great place for the family since they have a little bit of something for everyone. Of course there is shopping for the girls, food for the guys, movie theater, and at the center of TS is a play ground. Since this is an outside mall, I tend to avoid this place all of summer however I know many people enjoy the sun so its a great place to get a tan too. Restaurants include: Clain Jumper, Yardhouse, CPK, Texas de Brazil, Cadillac Ranch etc. Shopping Places include: A&F, H&M, Express, Aeropostale, Sephora, Apple Store, Armani, Bath & Body Works, Bebe, BCBG, Guess, Juicy Couture, Hollister, Old Navy, PacSun etc.During summer break and the weekends, the place is overun with little kids (which I don't really like) however at night, it tends to be more of an adult place with Blue Martini Bar and Yardhouse.
4	Hey, hey the place where I go to.... shop? Well, not really. Besides going into the H&M here I don't believe I've ever come down here specifically to shop. Although, I have been known to buy some groceries at the Whole Foods. Is the Whole Foods a part of Town Square? Hmmm.Well, I like Town Square, I think it offers a lot of different things to do - so something for everyone really! Shopping, coffee shops, restaurants, and bars. Oh, not to mention the Rave movie theaters are here, which I love! Town Square is also usually getting some new store or place to eat. There's been a hookah lounge open up, a new froyo place, and there's the new Wine/Whiskey bar out there. HEY-YO! I gotta get me some of THAT. Two of my favorite things and I could be in big trouble. Besides the bars and stores there is also a quaint park area usually being trotted upon by families and little children. However, I did go down here and sat under some trees to read one afternoon. It wasn't bad, nothing like a real park, but if you pretend hard enough you might believe you're not in the middle of a shopping center. Oh, and you gotta deal with the roaring jumbo jets soaring overheard.Overall I give Town Square 4 Stars! They don't get 5 because it is an outdoor mall in Las Vegas, which means I do not wish to go here in the middle of summer.... EVER. And there sometimes seems to be an overwhelming amount of raucous teenagers doing... teenager things. I realize they can't help it if these mouth-breathers are around, but unfortunately it ruins my groove.
4	Good select room of stores and decent parking on street!
4	Its a nice mall with high end shops and low end shops together. A mini water park for the little kids, and tons of places to eat and a movie theater.
4	A great place for urban shopping and trendy yet fun hang out. If you are missing a bit of the big time city this is the place to go. For dates, families or just hanging out, this place is great!Check it out!
4	Town Square is cute.  They have a nice mix of shops to choose from, and they also have a great movie theater and good places to eat.  I also enjoy some of the night life spots they have here.  I like Blue Martini (great happy hour) and the Spanish bar below it (good sangria).The whole foods here is the best in Vegas.  I never have trouble parking and the stores are generally better stocked.  A huge bonus you can walk outside and shop at the same time.   This is pretty much just an outdoor mall.  Similar shops, just outdoors.
5	Love this place ~ it's soo cute!!It reminds me of Disneyland's Main Street - a little town that has shops and eateries for all of your needs & you feel like you're somewhere totally different from where you actually are!A definite must stop whenever I'm in Vegas!
4	Town Square reminds me a lot of Santana Row (San Jose) and The Groove (Los Angeles) i believe it's the same company who owns it and pretty much just used the same layout, architecture wise. the shops are almost identical, you got your household names such as American Eagle, Abercrombie, Zumiez, Tilly's etc. they have a small park inside where children can play and people to just sit around. you can also bring your dog if you want to walk them around
4	Over all a great spot to hang out. I cant think of a better place in Las Vegas. Over all the restaurants and entertainment this place offers makes Town Square a destination spot for locals
5	There are not many places in Las Vegas where I can trick my husband into going "for the kids", and then run off on a shopping rampage. They have everything here, and since it isn't too much of a tourist destination, it's rarely crowded. Unlike on the strip, there aren't tons of people swarming every store which means you will likely get personalized attention for your shopping needs. Every season, Town Square has neat events for kids that you can find on their website, with my favorite being near Christmas time. They have a parade where Santa rides to his cottage in the middle of the park where he will take Christmas photos with the kiddos. They also offer carriage rides pulled by horses, and every half an hour (I think), there is fake snow falling from their 20 foot Christmas tree. Town square is a must for people who want to shop away from the hustle of the Strip or in need of a good place to keep your kids busy.
5	I love this outdoor mall. Reminds me a lot of the outdoor malls in California. I love that there are so many great places to dine, drink, shop and even a great movie theater. It's a place I always take my friends when they visit.
4	Feels like a village here.
4	This place reminds of Victoria Gardens in Rancho Cucamonga, CA. Lots of shops all around from Finish Line, Express, GUESS to H&M. If you forget something at home while visiting Vegas then you gotta go here. They have a VERY nice H&M full of men's and women's dressy apparel for the clubbin' young go getters. It has a few good chain restaurants: Claim Jumpers, California Pizza Kitchen, and Kabuki Sushi (my fave) to name a few. Is it hot out? Then come on down to Coffee Bean and get a nice ice cold ice blended drink (hazelnut ice blended is the best) or get some frozen yogurt at Yogurtland! The Town Square is located on Las Vegas blvd before you hit the Welcome to Las Vegas sign. So right after you eat and shop you can get some touristy stuff outta the way by taking pics at the sign!
4	This is not my "normal" mall, but it is a great place to meet friends.  There is so much available, but I don't find it to be a place just for the purposes of "walking around."  This is Vegas and it's just too flipping hot to hang out outside.  I like meeting up with people for drinks or dinner, and then hanging out a bit or going to the Rave.  The children's playare is top notch and who knew that Claim Jumpers had such a great lunch menu!  Yogurtland is a must hit, even if it is to take some home.  For an outdoor mall, this is a great place.
4	Yelp 365 challenge: Review 009/365 (8/9/2011)Even though this was my third time in the city since December, I never knew that Town Square existed until a friend of a friend (who recently moved here from Hawaii) suggested that we check it out.  I'm glad we took her advice because it's definitely a great place to shop.  Too bad this isn't an indoor mall though, because then it would probably be my favorite in Vegas.  Too bad also that my first time here was during the summer instead of the winter. Regardless, I was satisfied with the mall because they have H&M, one of only three branches in LV.  I didn't plan to visit any H&M before this trip, since I'm not too fond of Miracle Mile Shops or the Forum Shops at Caesar's.  I'm glad I discovered the store at TS though, as I ended up buying two basic (but very much needed) black shirts and returned the day after to buy three more of them. The mall also includes Border's, and it was great to shop at one with periodicals still available (unlike the bare bones that remain at one of the locations back home),  My mom really enjoys those super expensive variety puzzle books, and I was able to find two of them at 40% off. We also stopped by Fry's, which I've never been to before.  I actually found the money clip that one of my friends has been wanting to own for quite a while, and at a reasonable price.  I was also super happy to finally find a portable micro speaker (to hook up to my phone) that was moderately priced and actually fulfills my preferences (tiny but loud).We even managed to check out Rave Motion Pictures, since there was a free two-person pass available during our vacation to watch The Change-Up (more about my experience there in its own review, probably tomorrow).As for dining, there's not too many options here that fit my taste or budget.  According to the website, there's only 15 places to eat at (16, if you want to count Whole Foods Market).  However, Kabuki Japanese Restaurant looked really good but - unfortunately - we didn't have time to go there (it was before the movie).  We ended up at Johnny McGuire's, which pretty much just satisfied my appetite (not my cravings, though).Last but not least, I was impressed by the exterior scenery, decor and upkeep of the mall.  Town Square Park and Children's Park - both so quaint and cute!  We have nothing like this at any malls in Hawaii, so it was an unexpected but pleasant surprise =)All in all, four stars.  Someday, somehow - I will definitely be back to TS!
4	Awesome place to shop during the hottest afternoons in August when no one else dares to go outside!  No crowds, no lines during the weekdays for easy access.  Town Square is all outdoor shopping, interactive fountains for the kids, movies, chain restaurants, etc.  Monkey like it like that.  Monkey like it alot.  Do Yogurtland.  A must.  For those non-locals, pick up your supplies at Whole Foods.  It's the closest grocery store you'll find on/near the Strip.
4	Ok... I came here when it was 116F degree outside. It is an outdoor mall and can you imagine walking from one store to the next in the heat? even the stuff in the most expensive stores looks terrible... All I think of just to find an ice cream parlor or frozen yogurt place or Boba tea house sort of place. The mall is very nice, not too crowded just because... only crazy people like me decided to go to an outdoor mall in the Hot Summer day. So I will make sure I come back in the Fall or Winter time to leisurely browse around the Town Square Las Vegas. They have this water splash for kids... you have to buy a token to get in, If they are free I probably already went and played in the water splash with bunch of kids.I love the Whole Foods Market and the Rave. How convenient.
4	Always something to do!
2	Love going to Town Square to escape the superficial atmosphere at the strip.   Makes me feel like I am back in Cali.  Love the place and there is always something to do in the day time and evenings.A great place for kids.4 big stars
5	Found great deals only problem was it was very crowded but that is to be expected at a mall
4	Fun shopping place with lots of parking all around! It's probably the best place for shopping in town, whether you need to go in and out of a single store or spend the day walking the entire area, you can do so at Town Square in perfect comfort. Only reason why I ding it is because my favorite store of the complex, Fry's Electronics, is not very well connected to the rest of the area. They need to build a sidewalk and crosswalk to the store.
4	We visited Las Vegas in mid-October and heard about the Town Square through a friend who lived in LV.  We went there because we heard that there was a playground for kids.The playground was awesome...but I would recommend a tent covering for the playground.  It was 92 degrees on the day we visited.  Something to do WITH KIDS in Las Vegas.
4	Great restaurants, Great shops, Great atmosphere!
4	i am very excited that there is a cool out door mall that you can go to just hang out at. some of the shops out there are really expensive but its a mall what can u expect.
4	Last minute costume brought us here. The incredible playground kept us there for a few hours. My 3 year old cousin ran through maze, climbed on the jungle gym and jumped in the jumpy thing. Lots of shops and lots of great places to eat. If you need a place to shop, eat or keep you kids entertained I definitely recommend Town Square.
5	Town Square Is one of vegas's newest love child... what much can I say about this new shopping complex but that It's a complete package!!! You can get a new coat, pick-up a new iphone for whoever, grab a bite during happy hour at one of the many restaurants, buy gifts for a birthday or holiday, fill your sweet craving's at a candy or yogurt shop, watch a flick and even go grocery shopping here all without ever having to drive to each place. It's a lovely place to just walk around In ESPECIALLY AT NIGHT when It's so pretty and heavely lit with flashy store signs and not to mention all the bars and lounges you can hop to. Big pro to TS Is that It's not as touristy as you would think.
3	I like the Sephora here.  But everything else I've shopped has kind of been mediocre service-wise.  Plus, good luck finding a directory in this place.  Lots of random advertisements.  Very few directories.  The businesses turn over a lot of here, so check the website before you go.  But good luck finding a map.
4	This is a great outdoor shopping, dinning and entertainment hub in Las Vegas.  Great place for locals that want to do it all without going into one of the casino's.  The main anchors include whole foods market, boarders (soon to close) Rave movie theaters, The guitar man,  and plenty of restaurants and smaller boutique shops.  If you are meeting friends for happy hour, grab a bite to eat, or bringing the kids for a romp in the park, this is a great place for all that.  One of our favorite visits is an early Sunday flick, (no one's up that early), a early lunch and a quick stop in Teavana and I've had a good weekend!
3	Well listen to this real good, being a true night owl, I expected to go here and spend my whole paycheck, needless to say, the whole complex had rolled up the sidewalks at exactly 10:15pm. I thought this was Vegas a 24 hour town.  I saw 2 people walking in the whole complex, a janitor and about 8 security cars constantly driving around ....one good note Security is Excellent, you wont have to worry about being a woman late out at nite in this ghost town shopping complex. Note it was a Tues nite.  Dead
3	Town Square is one of the newest and nicest  shopping areas in Vegas.  It is pretty big, and as a large variety of shops and restaurants.  It also has a really nice outdoor play area for families with small kids.  THE CONS OF THIS PLACE INCLUDE:A.)  Because this is an outdoor shopping center, you have to deal with the extreme hot or cold weather of the summer and winter.  B.) It can be noisy as it is under the direct flight path of commercial planes that are about to land at the Las Vegas, McCarran Airport.
5	I LOVE Town Square!  There has never been a trip to Vegas without a visit here.  The BEST H&M hands down I've ever been to--better than the 3 story  club-like monster H&M at Caesars everyone loves so much.  You can't even hear your own thoughts there.  Town Squares so much better, and easy to get in and out.Also my fave Sephora because the girls are so friendly....Francesca's isn't as crowded and jammed in either so theres more space to actually breath and shop, sometimes I have panic-attacks in the other Francesca's.Plus Town Square is super clean and pretty so it's a much better experience than the crazy-town casino malls:)
5	This mall gave me the besttttt first impression. I love it. I didn't make it to see all the shops but I did go into a candy store with candies that were on steroid! Everything was HUGE. I also went into Guess and there was a particular worker who was so nice and helpful! H&M overwhelmed me although I didn't find anything I liked, it was definitely a store I would probably shop at more if we had it in HI. Best part of Town Square is that they have this play ground which was awesome! I think all malls should have somewhere that kids could play at. They had slides, some animal things where kids could sit on and rock on, not to mention a UNICORN haha. They also have a MAZE. and a slide that I stayed away from because I knew better than to slide down and get shocked! But just seeing the kids around the area was pure bliss. Another part of Town Square that I loved was this little enclosed area that had a huge Christmas tree all decorated out. Its beautiful all on its own but me and Shige O. were at the mall at the perfect time! We were sippin on our RED VELVET HOT COCOA from Coffee Beans when we started hearing lovely Christmas music over the loudspeaker and then i started seeing more and more people over by the Christmas tree. Then all of a sudden there were things falling from the sky... it was fake SNOW! it was so cool. The whole atmosphere of that little area was just happiness. Everyone had a huge smile. Kids were running around their families. It was a picture perfect moment where nothing could bring you down. I had to say that it was one of the best 15-20 minutes or however long the snow lasted, of my life. Theres also this restaurant, Brio Tuscan Grille that I definitely need to come back to try. This mall was just perfect. I will be back Town Square!
5	mmm Town square! This is where i tend to go watch movies and eat dinner and do some shopping here and there. There is alot of free parking and its an open mall so its another reason why im such a fan. There is a nice park for the kids to run around inside the mall and a nice big park area as well. Being its Christmas season there is a huge tree and they also do this snow thing where it shoots out soap i believe that looks like snow. Really really nice. I always bring my friends who are visiting to walk this mall and i think most will agree itll be one of there fav malls in vegas. There is also a wide variety of places to eat in here so that might be one of the hardest choices of the day is what to eat lol
5	How have I not reviewed this place yet?  Geez!Town Square is located on Las Vegas Boulevard, between Sunset Rd. and right off of the 215; across from Callaway Golf.I love going to Town Square, as its really an outdoor shopping mall.  You don't have to go to the strip or into a casino in order to go shopping and you get your regular stores along with some boutiques.They have restaurants, bars, coffee shops, specialty stores, name brand stores, etc.  They are continuing to add more stores so you might see something new but some stores are going out of business, so check the website: http://www.mytownsquarelasvegas.com/I also signed up for their newsletter which keeps you up on events that are happening.Some of my fav stores:-Sephora-J Crew-Banana Republic-Teavana-Tommy Bahama-Old Navy-Francesca's-Whole Foods-White House | Black MarketI've been in most of the stores, but those seems to be the ones that I hit up everytime.  I want to try Double Helix, English Gastro Pub, Kabuki and Pete's Piano Bar. I also want to go and see a movie at Rave.I don't think parking is an issue as I park by H&M and it always seems to be good for me.  If i'm in a pinch, I valet near Cadillac Ranch.This is my go-to shopping venue in Las Vegas.  Anytime someone moves to town, I take them Town Square and they thank me for showing them around. :)
5	This is a great destination in Las Vegas. It is off the strip and is located about 2 miles from The Mandalay. There are a lot of great stores here and it is a relaxing atmoshphere to do a little shopping. There is even an Apple Store though there was a line outside of the store and the estimated wait time was approximately 20 minutes. There are plenty of food options and even a Whole Foods. If you need a day away from the strip then Town Square is for you.
4	I hate going to malls but Town Square makes it much better. The fact that it is outdoors makes it feel less like being trapped in a crowded mall with tons of people. There are a variety of stores that i particularly like to go to and will come to Town Square for them. There are also some awesome restaurants and bars but with the economy situation there has been a lot of turnover and now several empty spaces. Hopefully things will turn around, I like going here and being able to go to several bars in one night.
5	Being a Las Vegas local for 13 years, this is one of my favorite hang outs. Want to meet up with friends? This is the place. Want a great eatery? This is also the place. I love the Yard House, Brio Tuscan Grill, California Pizza Kitchen, and Claim Jumper.Still have to try Miller's Alehouse...I've heard good things about it.
5	Beautiful outdoor shopping center. Town Square reminds me of Victoria Gardens in Rancho Cucamonga, CA. But I believe TS is a little bigger. The day I went was beyond windy and cold so I didn't get to scroll around the whole place. Next time I'm in Vegas I will take advantage of that place for sure.
4	Nice open air mall, similar in design to South Side Works in Pittsburgh.  Lots of stores, lots of attractions and the best thing, it has the Yard House.One note, this was nice in January but I'm not sure it would be fun to walk around outside in August!
5	My favorite "shopping mall".Where else can you spend all day,either by yourself, with friends, or family, and everyone will be happy?There is literally fun for the whole family here:~Park and play land for kids, with dog stations for your pets~bars and restaurants~movie theatre~guitar center~clothes and shoes stores~makeup, perfume, jewelry stores~coffee and tea stores~toy stores~Apple, lolI have only checked in once, but have been here more times than I can count, and for many reasons: xmas shopping, groupon cashing in, picking friends/family up, meeting at yard house, etc. The list of how cool this place is, is endless.
4	Town Square is awesome. There is a movie theater, Whole Foods, lots of restaurants, an H&M, Old Navy, Apple Store, Fry's Electronics, and so much more. I don't think I can ask for anything else in a mall. The parking is plentiful and the meters are fake, so don't pay. I like to just walk around with a hot drink in hand and hang out. When I have kids one day I will take them to the little park. All the kids look like they are having so much fun. Especially in the summer when they are running through the water. Oh how I wish to be young again and be able to run through the water. At my age, I would look ridiculous. I'm sad that Borders closed down as I really don't know where the next closest book store is.
4	Glad this place exists!  I like that this place is very accessible and you don't have to worry too much of the chaotic traffic from the strip. FYI = I suggest going here after you've done some shopping at the outlet stores in the LV area. Below are a short list of places you can go to:EATS: Lollicup, Chipotle, Claim Jumper, Kabuki, Yogurtland, Alehouse, CPK, i love burgers, Teavana, Yardhouse, Wholefoods SHOPS: A&F, Origins, Crocs, H&M, Old Navy, Bath & Bodyworks, Clarks, Sephora, Express, Victoria's Secret, Sanrio, Banana Republic, GAP, American Eagle, Bebe, Guess, J. Crew, Apple store, Armani Exchange, Zumiez, Hot Topic, Hollister, ALDO, Chicos, Aeropostle, Ann Taylor, Puma, Fry's Electronics, MAC, Oakley, Steve Madden, StaplesLEISURE: Rave Theater Entertainment (movie theaters)Overall: great selection of stores and probably better quality (since outlet stores have degraded their use of material - in regards to clothing). I'd be back if I need some retail therapy!
4	As far as shopping malls go, I appreciate the concept of Town Square. Rather than be inside on a nice day, you can wander around outside, which make me feel less like a consumer somehow.  Between H&M and the Apple store I find enough reason to come here. Through in a restaurant or two that are easy to find lunch in and you can have a productive little afternoon. Throw in shopping at Wholefoods and you really start to appreciate what the place has to offer.
2	I love sephora, but my experience in this store makes me want to only shop online. I walked through the whole store and not one employee greeted me or asked if I needed assistance. And when I did have a question no one was around to help. I saw one employee not assisting anyone, but she avoided eye contact and appeared busy fixing products on the shelf. I left the store after that and I probably will not return.
2	Everything here was retail priced...very few sales. I suggest going to the Premium outlet just the next bus stop away...lots of sales there. Apparently you can park for free near the movie theatre and walk over...or you can pay at the meters along the street in front of the shops.
1	Will never return to this shopping center. I called ahead of time and spoke to Jaime in property mangement to inform them that I will be open carrying a firearm and obtained clearance from her and Ken in security. Has soon as I got to the Apple store I was harassed about my sidearm by Greg their store gestapo manager. Security then showed up and asked me to remove my firearms from the property. And I quote Captain Ira " I don't care about the second amendment. " after I explained to him it's my right to carry as a U.S. citizen and Nevada citizen,since we are an open carry state. This shopping center cares about your cash. Obviously not people or the Constitution.
5	a very nice shopping village. great layout, beautiful scenery, feel like walking in a European town. good selection of stores, and easy parking on Tuesday morning.
4	Town Square is a great place to walk around and relax if you want a tiny break from Vegas. Every time I walk around Town Square I feel like I am in a different state for the couple hours I am there. Town Square offers a wide variety of stores (most of which are pricey), restaurants (which are also pricey), and small kiosks where drinks and snacks are sold. There is also a grassy area near the little kiosk shops where you can sit and relax with your family and friends. I have shopped at a few of the stores here but three of my favorites are Juicy Couture, Sweet Bubble Bath Confections, and Swarovski. -Juicy Couture always has young, friendly salespeople who are very dedicated to helping you find what you're looking for. I bought one of my first Juicy bags at that store and the saleswoman gave me an extra discount for the matching wallet! It ended up being quite a deal.-Sweet Bubble Bath Confections has a wide variety of sweet smelling soaps and bath bombs. I bought a couple bath bombs from here and they smell amazing! If you are looking to pamper yourself a little and have a bath tub at your house or apartment, stop by here! The bath bombs are around $5 and are a decent size for most bath tubs.-Swarovski always has beautiful crystal sculptures and jewelry. I always make sure to stop by and pay respect to the beautifully crafted crystals that hopefully one day I can afford (sigh, one day!) The sales people are always friendly and always willing to show you anything in the cases. Town Square is a great place for all ages. Anyone new to Vegas should definitely visit it at least once.
5	I love Town Square.  All your essentials are here: lots of good restaurants like Brio Tuscan Grille, Claim Jumpers, Tommy Bahamas, California Pizza Kitchen, Blue Martini, Kabuki, and even a Whole Foods Market where you can grocery shop and eat!  They have Sephora, H&M, Old Navy, Express, Bebe, MAC, Fossil, and Guess Marciano.  Lots of great places to shop, and even small eateries like Tapioca Express, Nestle Tollhouse, It's Sugar, and some frozen yogurt shops.  They also have a concierge to purchase cheap show and other entertainment tickets.  They have a nice play area for kids, and you can even bring your dog here and inside the stores.Also, they have Rave Motion pictures there as well, and some of the restaurants like Blue Martini become a lounge at night.Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (50/365).
4	Food was good..... but the sevicee was great!
4	The location is really nice, they seem have a lot nice restaurants and shops to walk around. I went there with my boss at 11pm for a secret screening from one of our clients. The theatre is kinda old. Also it is really difficult to find a cab after midnight. You will have to call for pick up service.
5	AH, Town Square.  What can I say...so close to being on point.  It's such a love hate relationship I have with this place.  There are many things I LOVE about this place and many things I could do without.  My friends and I decided to visit on a lazy Sunday afternoon.First off, I LOVE the concept.  This outdoor communal area boasts a little bit of everything for everyone.  You want a grocery store, Whole Foods.  You want restaurants.  Too many to name.  You want a movie theater, Rave.  You want shopping...c'mon!  I especially love visiting H&M, Express, Apple and Aldo.  Thank goodness I have cheaper taste.  Many of these places do not over many sales that entice the average and local shopper.  I also love the fact that there are always small events going on.  There's a middle courtyard that allows such a space for an intimate concert or a picnic with your children.I do not like the location.  It's near a busy intersection and off/on ramp which means a lot of traffic at all times.  I appreciate the fact that they created an overpass going straight into the complex from Las Vegas Blvd, northbound.  9 times out of 10, I take the 215 westbound and exit on LV Blvd, so that overpass MEANS NOTHING LOL.  I know why this place is located there and probably works for the businesses, from locals to tourists, but doesn't really work for me LOL, however, I think this rant is purely a selfish act.This place is great for families and some pets.  All in all, I think it's a great Vegas shopping experience.  Haven't visited other places like Tivoli Village, so as for now, this place works for me.  If you're ever looking for a great Sunday affair, be sure to visit Town Square...didn't intend that to rhyme...
5	Town Square doesn't really need a rave review to sell itself. I strolled around there today and decided I'll write one anyway because I love it so much.Anything you could possibly really want in a shopping center, Town Square pretty much has it. Retail shops for women, men, children, a list of restaurants that can please anyone's appetite, a Rave stadium movie theater, nightlife, and even a play area and lawn for the family and kids. We frequent here pretty often. My son loves it, there's a play yard and water play for him, and I love that they hold special events that are very family friendly. During the summer, I'd get a big bowlful of Yogurtland and sit by the grassy lawn, or an icy coffee from the Coffee Bean. As far as restaurants, I've ate at CPK, Kabuki, Yardhouse, Brio, Claim Jumpers, and probably more I'm forgetting. My boyfriends loves to shop here, Oakley, Skechers, Armani Exchange, and even I try not to tempt myself by going into stores as Guess, Victoria's Secret, and Bebe. Anything bad? Sometimes the parking, I'll admit. We usually try the garage, especially if the weather is hot. You'll find a spot, it just may not be close. It's never been a big problem for me.If you haven't checked it out by now, I don't think you can say you're a local. Town Square is a great outdoor mall I think you'll definitely enjoy!
4	Pretty cool outdoor shopping and dining center here near the airport.  I came here to go buy some pants at BR and initially parked in one of the parking garages but after walking through, I noticed that they were a lot of spaces to park within the shopping area.  It reminded me a little bit of San Francisco Union Square...Lots of stores and restaurants that I've seen before like CPK, Yardhouse, Container Store, but saw a few I've never seen like  the Tommy Bahama restaurant and Todd English's gastropub  place, and the Blue Martini.All in all, if the weather weren't so freaking hot, then this place would be a nice chill place to relax!...for this guy, under 90 degrees for sure.
4	Went to the movie theater in Town Square,very very clean nice and cool,seriously very beautiful inside,the first showing is only $6.00 I just love coming to Town Square eating,shopping or  just hanging out, there are shops and restaurants,there is a lot of shaded area is side the square,there is a area  for kids to play too,parking out side and there is a garage for parking,use the garage you will be glad you did(trust me)
4	FIrst visit here and I likes. Parking is a bit of a hassle, but if you just keep driving you run into a lot. If you try parking on their streets you'll be circling for quite a bit. I enjoyed the variety of their shops. Clothes, food, accessories, and more. I'll definitely be coming back during my other Vegas visits.
5	I LOVE this mall. It has all my favorite shops ever!!! It's really nice just to walk around and window shop. My kids are happy and there is a lot of things for them to do so that's always a plus!!!
5	I live in Vegas. When my friends come in town I take them here. ESPECIALLY if the weather is nice. The mall is all outside, there are a ton of restaurant options, there's regular parking and valet parking, they have all the smaller stores you'd want in a mall [no flagship stores- Google it for a listing of their stores].They have a small train that drives around and carries the kiddies. And they have a little hut that makes warm chocolate chip cookies...need I say more.It's about 2 miles south of Mandalay Bay on Las Vegas Blvd.  There's also some late night venues here too if you don't feel like hitting a club.  Sometimes on the weekends they'll have old car shows and art shows etc. It's great.
4	I've been to Town Square several times when I would come back to town and visit. Now that I'm living here again I really appreciate what this little Oasis can give anyone who lives here but isn't from here. Town Square is pretty similar to many developments going up around the country. If you live in Denver just think Bel Mar. It's made to mimic the old downtown styles where there are lots of shops and restaurants door to door so that you can just walk around and enjoy the day and your shopping. In the middle there is a great little park and lots of little stands like Lollicup. There is a movie theater, which is super nice and really comfortable. It's such a nice little get away when you live day to day in all the sprawl of the rest of Las Vegas. Now keep in mind, you aren't going to find a lot of local restaurants or stores. There are a lot of chains. But if you are looking for a more neighborhood, hangout feel, then you will enjoy Town Square
5	I have been here for almost everything that it offers. I shopped for my Mac at the apple store. I shop for my shirts at express. I shop for my jeans at guess. I even come down here for cocktails at helix. Lunch at yard house, could it be any more perfect?
3	I have a love/hate relationship with Town Square.  I love the diversity of shops and restaurants.  However, I hate the traffic jams and inconvenient parking.  Additionally I have looked at a mall map for a specific store and it was no where to be found.  Who wants to call the store for directions?  I've never had that problem at other shopping malls.  Because of the negatives I tend to avoid Town Square when possible.  However, there are certain stores and restaurants that can only be found there that I find worth visiting.
4	Great for outdoor shopping if you're ok battling either extreme hot, cold or wind.Conveniently located on lv blvd and sunset. Newer design with alot of hangout areas. The grounds are kept very nice and the have pretty good security.Lots of restaurants of all kinds and alot of shops mainly clothing and accessories of national chain stores. Really nice movie theatre with Rave IMAX too. Frys electronics.When not battling the elements it's tops otherwise more challenging.I really it and come often. Highly recommend.
4	Great shopping center...a few of my gripes is that it's an outdoor shopping center, it's difficult to enjoy in the heat of Las Vegas summers and they need more bathrooms for when your just strolling around the shops.Movie theater, bars, great restaurants, fantastic shops, we don't have kids but they also have a fun looking childrens play area. Sadly since they opened a lot of shops and restaurants have come and gone, but there's always one willing to fill the spot.They often hold events through out the year too so keep an eye on their web site.
5	Town Square was fun and very well maintained. Great getaway from the hustle and bustle of the strip. It's an outdoor mall with TONS of restaurant options. There are your small boutique type stores to your higher end or specialty shops like Juicy Couture and Teavana. There is parking everywhere along the mall, garage parking as well during those really hot months and valet parking for those of us who don't care to look for parking. There is also a little kiddie area and large grassy area for the kids to play and have fun. You can enjoy shopping during the day and a movie at night.When back in Vegas, I'll head back here.
5	I love this place! Im an outdoor person and getting fresh breath and shopping with friends and family makes me happy. I love how there is a variety of activites to do and how clean it is. This place is my first if i want to get away from city life and enjoy a different experience.
2	Yawn. Ho-hum. Las Vegas has an outdoor shopping center! Rah-rah! Snore. Seriously, this is one of the most over-hyped places in a city that's internationally known for over-hyping. Reality Check! It's nothing more than an over-glorified shopping center, and a mediocre one at that. Town Center does have some good stores like the Container Store, an average Whole Foods (sorry but the one at Green Valley Ranch is better), a Guitar Center, and it has a Fry's location (where horrible customer service is made worse daily). Beyond that it has a sprinkling of high end stores, an over-glorified movie theater, and that's about it. When it comes to outdoor shopping centers I grade it against Kansas City's Country Club Plaza, which is recognized in many circles as the very first shopping district designed around the car way back in 1922. It was the first of it's kind and it's still one of the best at showing the world how it's done. And Town Square, compared to the J.C. Nichols creation your place SERIOUSLY sucks. No mention of Town Square would be complete without mentioning access. The flyover ramp from Las Vegas Blvd Northbound into the center looks cool, but if you're coming off I-215 Westbound you can't get to it, you're stuck using the traffic lights. And once you turn into the center you can tell this place was designed by an engineer who thought it all looked great on screen, but what looks good on a PC or Mac screen doesn't translate when it comes time to get in and find a parking space, or to drive through the dang place. In short those with an eye for such things will know this place was shoehorned into this space, it's poorly designed, and all the faux architecture and trendy stores going can only cover the fact it sucks for so long. Las Vegas deserves better than Town Center. It's a shame that we won't see demolition crews level this place first before one of the older casino properties gets dropped. Oh and one last parting shot. The Apple Store at the Forum Shops at Caesars even with the hassles of getting to it is better than the one here from attitude to service to inventory. Even Apple can't make this place any better.
5	Town Square is one of the best outdoor malls in Vegas. Its a great place for people of all ages to hang out at. They've got clubs for the adults and a play area for the kids. They have a great variety of stores and restaurants. Its got a great movie theater. Parking is plentiful with metered parking right outside various stores. The atmosphere feels very clean and secure. One would feel safe to walk around there at night. Highly recommended place to be.
4	This shopping center is located on Las Vegas Blvd South at Sunset. Plenty of parking around but it's nice to get a spot on the interior near the stores. You don't have to put money in the parking meters but they may put a fake ticket on ur car. But drop a few in for charity in the one that will take it.There a bunch of restaurants, dessert and treats, shopping, people watching and entertainment options. The Rave theatres are nice too.I go here a lot but it's really hot during summer in the daytime even with the water misters all over. Its really nice at nighttime to walk, shop, hit a few bars and just chill outdoors wit your people.There are club bars for nighttime action too. Really nice at night even just to hang out.Recommended.
3	Shopping with Adonis & Terra. I am NOT a shopper so this is a great place to bring my family and friends who like to shop. It's easy to maneuver and find an assortment of shops. Parking is easy and plentiful. Close to the strip. Great assortment of places to eat and relax while your party shops. It's outdoor so it a plus for me. I can breath fresh air and instead of a/c. Overall a great easy interesting mall
4	Nice indoor outlet center.  There is also a carousel inside for the kiddies.
5	Love this mall. Lots of great stores like a huge h&m and lots of restaurants. Main reason I come here though is for the park/playground. My daughter loves its and it's one of the biggest outdoor playgrounds in town with water fountains and all.
5	Best outdoor shopping in Vegas!
4	I love going to Town Square. There's plenty of stores and food venues to visit, and there always seems to be something new going on. The only downside is that it's an outdoor mall and the stores can be spread out, so be prepared to walk long distances in the hot sun, especially in the summer.
4	A few excellent shops and some good food, movie theatre... It's a suburban commercial center!!! You should know these places as they are everywhere carbon copied in any city.... But this is a really nice one
4	Lots of shops and good resturants. Its to hot in the summer to just walk around and shop but when it gets to be cooler then it might be a place some would like to walk and window shop.  There is also a playground and splash pad in the middle of the square that my kids like to play at and when that closes.... I think around 8 or so... there is a "grassy" area that I can sit at and watch them while they run around.
4	I enjoy Town Square, but it's not my favorite. I don't spend enough time there to know my way around without driving driving driving through all the roads, and I mean all of them. Reasons I go:The Container Store. I spent a lot of time in Texas growing up and The Container Store is a mainstay there. I love that it's here now, too.Whole Foods. Huge floorspace and selection. Cheapest place for lunch here for sure.Sephora. What, you'd rather go to Miracle Mile? Apple Store. The Genius Bar here is really good. I bought my computer here a couple years ago and learned that they don't work on commission, which I was very interested to learn.I haven't really explored it here in depth but once it cools off for good I will. I hate hate hate that they have parking meters on the streets--idiotic. I always go for the free parking in the garages or the lots on the periphery. I have seen officers ticket cars parked over their time--sucks for them!
4	lots of shops but some are too expensive for me! great place to walk around. they do have a kids playground which is nice. fry's is next close by, there is a movie theater which is way to pricey !!!
5	I really think this is one of my favorite spots in Vegas. I mean, I love watching the Fountains of Bellagio and watching drunk people on the strip but this area is so calm!! You can enjoy some sunshine, and shop in a generally unpopulated area. Love the restaurant and shopping choices. Another plus is the park area for kids and little food stands with popcorn, caramel apples, etc. This is definitely a spot I would take someone visiting for the weekend!
4	I always find it odd that we have so many outdoor shopping places in Las Vegas.  Town square is the pretty cool to go people watch and get the kids out of house.  I always have to stop in the apple store.  This place get insane.  That's another review.  They have a cool kids area which can get really crowded.  Sometimes we will eat that the yard house or Ale's and it's nice to go for a stroll and work off the food.  We live close by so we find ourselves here often.  Parking is hit and miss.  Sometimes you get lucky and find a good space but most time you spend a good 10-15 mins trying to find a spot.  The stores are diverse.  We do a lot of window shopping when we go.  This is also a good place to bring guests from out of town.  If you have kids or guests this is a great place.  I am not too sure about it in the middle of summer though.  Cheers!
4	This awesome outdoor mall is located on las vegas blvd. I love this mall cause it has everything you need from shops to dining, to clubbing, to bars.   I love the feel of this place to, its very family oriented and it does not feel like your in las vegas at all. I would always come to town square to dine. My favorite restaurants are all here Brio, Kabuki, Texas de BRazil.If you ever want something to do and you just want to walk around, hit up town square, it's the " IT" place to be on the weekends  in Vegas.
5	What can I say about Town Square...Love...love... love...This place..Okay so it's a little hot in the summer time or too cool in the the winter time. SO WHAT! The ambiance is just so relaxing. Not to mention there is such a variety of amazing stores. The movie theater almost always has something great to see for for all age groups.There is no other place like this in Vegas...So please come and browse, Shop, See a movie, Eat..Or just get the heck out of your house!
4	My wife loves to shop here.  There are so many great options: movie theater, Whole Foods, Apple store, Sephora, Banana Republic, California Pizza Kitchen, night clubs, ice creams vendors, Victoria Secret, Guitar Center, Fry's Electronics, etc..  This place has it all.  Also, I love how they build a sense of community with the children's play area and regular events.  Parking can be tough because so many people go there.  Shops often run sales on the weekends.  No money to spend?  That's okay, it is a great place to go for a walk and people watch.
5	Great place love how it brings all of outside into your shopping experience. So many places to eat and drink, then shop till you drop even a Whole Foods. couldn't be better
5	Town Square is considered to be a locals mall without tourists taking pictures and running into people asking how to get to this casino or that hotel. It's way off the strip past Mandalay Bay before Southpoint and the stores here won't break the bank. It feels like a city within a city, with the treelined streets, fountains, outdoor shopping and dining, is like one big locals hideaway.  There is a Tix 4 Less booth, Rave Motion Theater, great restaurants with outdoor seating and a variety of bars and lounges to relax after work or with your friends and family. Walking around mall, I noticed they have complimentary pet baths I thought was very cute when taking you dog out for a walk.  You are very close to the strip and at nigh you can see the lights from the hotels while having a cocktail and shopping.
4	Town Square actually offers more than I originally thought.  In the past, my visits here were mainly to have a couple of drinks and hang-out at the Yard House and Blue Martini.  Every once in awhile, I'd hit Rave Motions, Borders (gone now), and Fry's. Just recently, I started walking the rest of this place and was surprised on how big Town Square really was.  Fashion Show, the Galleria, and Meadows was my shopping locations during Christmas last year.  There's a ton of other places to eat and shop.  What I enjoyed the most about Town Square was that it was outside and reminded me of some of the nicer malls I'd hit in California.  The people here are also mostly locals and this place also looks perfect for "Family Day"I plan on coming back for sure.  Doesn't look like a bad place to get some exercise too.  I plan on hitting this place one AM for a quick jog.  Okay, I'll be honest, a quick walk.
5	I love Town Square!! It has great places too shop..and I mean reasonable places..where you can actually buy things without spending all your money. It's a great place too take the kids..they have a park for them too run and some great places too eat.It is too hot too walk around in the summer here..I tried it once and the kids were just not having it. Better too come around the spring and fall.Some of my favorites are :  H & M..Bebe..Sephora...Brio...and Kabuki!!
5	Town Square really reminds me of home and I get that warm and fuzzy feeling every time I go there (which is every weekend basically)  Back is Cali we have a mall in Rancho that is called Victoria Gardens... I was in love with that mall from the first moment I went there and my sweet little daughter and I would frequent it almost every weekend. Town Square might actually be a little nicer than VG!! It is now my go to location for Sephora (huge store there). My husband and I thought there was only one Whole Foods in Vegas (Green Valley by Cheesecake Factory) but there is one at TS as well! They have a nice Justice there for the little girls (very important to my 5 yr old) Express, H&M, Old Navy. The place is HUGE...I still havent discovered all of the stores yet. I guess my favorite part of Town Square in the ambiance...(sounds stupid, I know) But it is so important to me on how I feel when I enter a location... I am always happy when I go there and always leave in a good mood. This is kind of funny.... last weekend I had just arrived at Town Square and my stomach started to kill me...and I knew something bad was about to happen. I ran to the Coffee Bean and pushed everyone out of my way and made it to the restroom just in time. Whew... Turns out I had the stomach flu really bad. The only thing I could think about was the fact that I would not be able to shop that day...Sadly I took my sick ass home...But I came back the next day to finish shopping!!
4	I love this center and go there every time I visit NV to do some serious retail therapy.  There's always plenty of parking and great deals, plus great restaurants!
5	How can you not love this little town!?  They have everything you need.  Whole foods, all the best clothing stores, makeup, shoes, and the best...The Apple store!  Lots of parking around the entire area.  You can shop, eat sushi and watch a movie at the theater.  Some shops include, H&M, The White and Black store, The Container store, Whole Foods, California Pizza Kitchen, The Apple store, MAC, Sephora, Yougurtland, Rave Movie Theater, and many other places!  It is a one stop shop.  If you do not want to go on the strip but want to have a good time, you can grab dinner and drinks here.  It is poppin on Tuesday nights.  I love love love love love this place!
1	This shopping mall stinks!   LITERALLY . . . it stinks!!!    Everywhere you walk, the place reeks of SEWER GAS coming up from the street; especially those irrigated patches where the trees are implanted.   We were out there today and were having to practically RUN from one store to another to escape the stench.   We will definitely not be returning -- especially since there is no unique purpose of selecting to shop here.   They offer nothing more than any other mall in town offers, WITHOUT SEWER GAS!
4	Town Square is such a nice place to roam around, for both locals and tourists. As a local I love the Rave Theater (they have 5$ movie days!), Johnny Macguires (it is moving now :( ), and Fry's Electronics. Tourists can shop around stores like Bath and Body works, high end clothing apparel, and eat at places like California Pizza Kitchen. During winter they have a big tree and usually have times when they have 'snow' fall.
5	I love town squareIt remind me of home when I miss California I come here! It have a lot of good restaurants and good shops to go to. It have a dog park and a playground for kids and it's cool the summertime it  have the water out so the kids could play and that's free. It's nice to just take a walk sometimes when you need it have everything there I movie theater and my favorite yogurt land
5	I can't say enough good things about this place. Having moved here from Orange County, CA my bf and I were looking for a nice fun place to hang out with out all the hustle and bustle of the strip. This place is great! Its has a nice combination of shops and usually hosts really nice events to keep the area alive. The last event we attended was a wine tasting for charity which was very nice. They had live music and wine stations along with some other vendors. It brought in a friendly crowd of locals and was fun but very mellow. This is hands down my favorite place to go in Vegas so far!
4	Tons of shops and restaurants and a movie theatre. I definitely need to spend more time exploring all this place has to offer.  The theatre has $5 movies on Tuesday, $1 hot dogs (small) and gave us $1 off ICEE coupons!  Large and clean with a bunch of different movie options to choose from. The container store, whole foods, yardhouse, and many more!!
4	When I visited Vegas for a few days this Dec, I went here because after all, I have to go shopping when I travel!  This is a great outdoor mall with pretty landscaping that's a little farther past the strip going south.  It reminds me of the outdoor mall  in my area of California called the Victoria Gardens, but I think I like this one a bit better because some of the resturants are upstairs, which leaves room for more stores & restaurants.  You'll not only enjoy just strolling here, but shopping at the wonderful shops as well.  Glad to see a Container Store as well as some othoer stores that are not local in my neck of the woods.  There's also a Tix4Tonight location here where you can get Vegas show tickets at a deep discount.
5	They have a great selection of stores, however the layout is such that walking to all of them is a bit difficult, but it is a nice walk, but heaven help you if you need Whole Foods and Guitar Center in the same shopping junket. So stop somewhere in between and grab lunch and make a day out of it. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	lots of great shops and places to eat. yard house is probably the only reason i come here.its a little yuppie and i hear yuppie people talking about the most superficial shit. cant be worse than summerlin and anthem though...
4	I wasn't a huge fan of this area of town at first. Now that I have visited a couple of times, its starting to grow on me. I'm not a huge shopper, but if I was, this would be the place. I usually just visit the movie theater but I'm slowly making my way around to the restaurants and shops too. This is a great way to spend a nice day, window shopping, dining, just hanging out.
4	Like any open mall, I like coming here with my puppy and walking around outside just killing time with friends. It's a fun hang out place to do absolutely nothing or window shopping! Lot's of your typical shops around, my favorite places to visit would have to be Yogurtland, RAVE theater (which I heard was bought out by AMC now), Yardhouse and English's Quintessentially British (for Happy Hour and specials), and It's Sugar. It is a place for teens to hang out on weekends, so I like coming during the weekdays to avoid them. =]
4	Great mall, hang out, restaurant selection, everything. Definitely my favorite place to go for several reasons. It's not far from home, it's central thus making it a great place to meet friends from around the valley, and it has almost everything you need (except those darn anchor department stores, but we have Fashion Show Mall for those). I love that they have so many different types of events to attend. The parking is relatively easy and plentiful.
5	I like shopping here!There are plenty of good stores here, with most being cheaper to moderate in pricing.I also like how they have a large kids area for the little ones to go crazy!  Let my little guy burn off some steam, so the rest of the shopping goes smoothly :)I also like the theaters here...very clean, and they always show the most recent movies.And the food here is not bad at all.  They have a lot of goodies like Yardhouse, Blue Martini and CPK, and a few new places I haven't tried yet, like the meatball spot and others.  Plenty of cheap stuff too, like a fro-yo, pretzel shop, burgers, and boba tea!  Whole foods is here too, if you like to spend a lot of money on groceries lol.I really wish this was closer to us, since I live about as far NW as you can get, but it is still worth the drive to get a whole day of fun, shopping, good food, and maybe a movie :P
4	An absolutely fantastic "mall area" south of Mandalay Bay on the strip.  Lots of eating, shopping, and movies to choose from.  Very new feeling and nice atmosphere.  It's very "town-like".
5	Happy hours, hot dates, movie nights, girls nights out and just shopping around. I am a FAN of the TQ.  Now that Stoneys has opened up shop, there is nothing better to do but to come down after work. to grab dinner, drinks and then dance the night away.Parking can be a nightmare at 5:30pm when everyone is trying to make their mad dash for the last of the happy hour deals.  There is always parking.....you just might have use your two feet (girls- put flats in your purses or just buy a pair there).
5	Just hanging out . I see blue martini in our future. I love town Square, we just weren't able to stay there, long, we weren't prepared.  We didn't bring a jacket, so it was starting to get cold.  But this is a awesome place to just hang out, go shopping, to the movies, and of course happy hour!
4	I love getting my shop on at Town Square!  It's a great environment for window shopping and strolling.  There are SO many stores to browse in and sometimes I forget about some of the things that are here.  I never make it the whole way around so some of the stores are sometimes a "surprise" to me as I'm walking through.  There is a park for kiddos and, although I don't have children, I've been here with friends and their kids and I love that there's something for the moms and the children alike.  Even the bathrooms near the playground are designed with little ones in mind (there are small toilets and sinks, lol).  Lots of restaurant options and some great places to pop in and get a beer.  Also, Stoney's is in here now if you like to get down country-style.  I haven't been to their new location yet but I'm excited to check it out. I've met people for dinner here on the weekend and parking can be kind of tricky.  There are a couple of lots and garages, and there's street parking, so it's usually no problem on a random afternoon.  But on a busy Saturday night I've never found a spot right where I want to be.  Also, it can be tough to drive through Town Square on a busy day because of pedestrian traffic.  It would be helpful to know exactly where you're going so you don't have to drive around hoping to run into the store or restaurant you're looking for.  One star off for the parking/driving situation.  It's an awesome location to shop or just walk around whether you're local or on vacation!
4	Town square is the ultimate family friendly spot in Las Vegas!For the women: You can shop til you drop! My favorite stores here include Francesca's Boutique (which I previously reviewed), Patty's Closet and H & M. Shopping for clothes not your thing? For all you homebody women, there's the Container Store and Whole Foods Market in which you can spend hours frolicking through. Want to beautify yourself? Sweet Bubble Bath Confections (they have homemade soaps that look like real donuts and cupcakes!), Sephora and Mac are also there so you can spend your hard earned cash for awesome treasures. For the men: If you're not holding shopping bags for your woman (kudos to those that do), then there's plenty of shops for you, too! Express, H & M and Aldo are some of my boyfriend's faves. Don't feel like shopping? Yardhouse and Miller's Ale House are conveniently located for you to grab a beer or two while watching a sports game. Are you a techie? The Apple Store and Fry's Electronics can provide you with some fun. Or you can head over to the Guitar Center to play around on guitars, keyboards or the drums.For the kids: Sanrio, It'sugar (a cute little candy store), Hollister and Abercrombie are all within Town Square. In the middle of Town Square is a playground where your tots can enjoy themselves. If that's not enough, there's a mini water park/playground where kids can hop into their bathing suits to run around through the sprinklers. What a great idea for the long and hot Vegas summers! They also have a train that goes through Town Square! Parents are able to hop on and ride with their kids as well.For your pup: The Dog House is a cute boutique that sells goodies for your dog! Make your dog look good and then you can take it to the park in the middle of Town Square, right next to the kid's playground. For the fam bam: AMC Town Square 18 is a great theater. Clean with comfy seating. Go on Tuesdays because tickets are $5! Town Square also has great food - Yardhouse, Brio, California Pizza Kitchen, I Love Burgers, Meatball Spot and Claim Jumper are few that jump into my mind. Date nights: Besides the restaurants listed above, Town Square has a boomin' night life. Blue Martini is always fun with a good sized bar. I think drinks are a little pricey but that has never stopped me from going there. Stoney's Rockin' Country is the best country fun you can have in Vegas. Throw on some boots and get ready to line dance the night away. Show up a little early to learn the steps so you won't be stepping on anyone's toes on the dance floor! Remember that Stoney's has $1 drink nights on Thursdays for ladies!
3	I love these type of malls...lifestyle centers as the industry likes to call them. Everything you need under one roof. I've visited Vegas several times, and I always make it a point to stop here. It's a nice little oasis from the craziness of the Strip, and since it has quite a few stores I like to shop at, I can easily spend a few hours here. One of the cool things is that there are moderately priced places, as well as more expensive joints for the designer snobs you might know. Love stopping by for Happy Hour.
5	I love this store!  All the people who works there are always nice and happy, and their outfits are super cute!!
4	It seemed like a attempt to "re-create" a small backwoods lot at Universal Studios or similar to "the Grove" in Los Angeles.  However, I have to add that I did find it nice and interesting for it being in LAS VEGAS of all places.It was shopping and dining in a destination location.  I did like the collection of stores they had there and the nice thing about it was that they had stores like Whole Foods, and The Container Store, which were also destination locations attached to this conglomoration of shopping.
5	This is my favorite place to shop in Las Vegas. It has my three favorite stores (H&M, Victorias Secret and Express) They also have great bars, places to dine, and to see a movie and even a grocery store. Town Square is a one stop shop! Whenever I need a shopping fix this is where I come. The only thing missing is  a Forever 21.
5	Love Town Square I'm here almost every weekend !!!
3	Nice outdoor mall with plenty of stores (albeit most of them are your typical chain stores) and some decent restaurants such as Tommy Bahama, Yard House and...well that's about all I'd consider eating at while at Town Square.  The park in the middle seems quite nice for families/kids...hey look it's grass!  No, not really it's fake, but I digress.  I go to this mall for a few businesses:  Apple, English Laundry, Teavana, Coffee Bean and...yep that's about it.  Most of the rest are your typical clothing stores you see everywhere (Express, Old Navy, Banana Republic, Hollister, H&M, Sketchers, Steve Madden, etc  and ad nauseum)...to those I say a resounding YAWN & BORING!
4	This is a great place if you don't feel like going to a park but still hang out! Good stores, good restaurants, must love Brio's, and everybody should enjoy the $5 movie every Tuesday ! I like the little gated park for kids, what I don't like is the outside place where everybody takes their dogs out and then kids start playing on the same ground...lucky I don't have kids, so next time I'll just turn my head :)Have fun shopping!
5	Best Locals hang out spot! Beautiful outdoor shopping center with numerous eateries. Among them include California Pizza Kitchen, Brio Tuscan Grill, Claim Jumpers, Blue Martini, Yard House, Tommy Bahamas, The Meatball Spot, Double Helix, and others. There's the Rave movie theatre, Yogurtland and nearby Texas De Brazil.The Quad area is a great place for families to congregate, grab a cold boba, or the little ones can enjoy the playground and water pad on those hot days.Love when we get out of town guests and they marvel that Las Vegas offers more than just the strip.
4	Cool outdoor mall that has nice variety of retail stores and restaurants. I've been here  in the past for lunches, shopping and happy hour. I heart the outdoor layout vs being totally enclosed for that small town atmosphere feeling.There's options to dine Alfresco at several of the eateries and I heart the Whole Foods here which I visited for the first time today.Town Square is a great place to spent the day shopping or  dinning and I'd highly recommend visiting this shopping megaplex.
4	Love this place but parking can be a nightmare!!!! Great shops and quick eateries.
5	I love this mall and its a outdoor mall. Yes you read right! This place has a cool movie theater and I started coming here because I was invited to a birthday party at Cadillac Ranch and I have been hooked ever sense the birthday party a few years ago. It's got a Apple store and a Whole Food Market even a Mac Makeup store. I always say I'm just chilling and I wont spend any money but that's like a sad joke. I run right to the perfume shop lol and catch a deal like buy 2 get one free. I give it 5 stars because it's so fun and it has a Fry's right next door. I go every other weekend. Oh I left out the cute little booths that sell cell phone cases you can get one of a kind cases for your phone even if your phone is new. A lot of people ask me where I et my phone cases from and I get them from this mall.
5	This location reminds me of The Grove in Southern California, except without the outdoor farmers market. Great place to come and shop, maybe even have a little romantic date. The streets are lined with great lighting which would make for a romantic stroll after dinner and a movie.
4	It's such a great place to walk around and window shop! The stores are varied and I hear Forever 21 will be coming soon!I enjoy the little grass area and food kiosks in the middle of the square.Rave is not AMC so know that now and if you have a problem with it, just don't go. But they have better deals that Rave did and I prefer it. It isn't perfect, but what is?Check their site out for community events such as the Wine Walk and holiday parades!
4	This mall is a great place for families. They even have a nice kid's park for children to play in, and a fence so they can't run all over the place!! They also have a really fun nightlife here for the 21+. I like that it's outdoors, it's one of the nicest outdoor malls. But, when it's hot it's really hot! Otherwise, the shopping is bomb, I love going to shop, eat, or go clubbing ;)
5	This is a nice shopping area.  It seems that this is where all of the cool kids hang out.  It reminds me of the Irvine Spectrum, from my home town. It's full of bars, restaurants, specialty stores, carts and I'm sure there has to be a "Hot Topic" in there somewhere. This was my first time coming to Town Square and I was pleasently surprised.  Here is what I liked about this mall, and what stood out.Finding parking was easy and well lit.The layout wasn't cramped.Very clean and well kept.Freeway close.Good location from anywhere in the valley.Plus they have a Guitar Center... what else do you want?
5	Perfect for date night! Town Square is easy to get to, lots of parking spaces, great shopping, great bars, restaurants and a theater!Kinda has a Cali feel to it, outdoor mall with palm trees everywhere, only thing missing is the weather!
5	Cool place to hang out. Tons of shopping, movie theatre's and restaurants.
4	After failing to bring my sandals and only being stuck with work shoes on a quick work trip, I then had the duty of quickly finding a deal on a pair of sandals so I wouldn't continue to look like an idiot with shorts and my dress shoes on. Parking was a little confusing to me... you can park outside in front of the stores, but with it being 106 degrees outside, I didn't really want to park outside... I wanted the structure, but I couldn't quite find my way there. Stores are pretty standard... H&M, A&F, Old Navy, etc., but I don't think I noticed any high-end stores like you would see at Caesar's Forum Shops. Restaurants choices seemed a bit limited, but after a quick Yelp search, my girlfriend and I ended up at I love burgers which was great for lunch.Ultimately, I picked up some sweet sandals at Old Navy for $11 that ended up being super comfortable and worked for the remainder of the day and the drive home :)Very clean and pretty organized mall... Only 4 stars though because I think they should maybe have more signage for the parking structure when you're coming in from the main entrance.
4	Good outdoor shopping area with a lot selections.
5	This place is amazing it was my first time there and they have amazing stores and the walkways are amazing it's like being in a whole new place.
5	Being a girl it's typical for me to love malls. But I LOVE this mall. If I could I would live here. I'd build an effing fort and just camp out in the center of the square, haha. This place is beautiful and reminds me a lot of Westlake Village, California. It's an outdoor mall with dozens of shops to choose from, cute park area for kids to play in with water sprinklers, outdoor movie nights, an AMC theater.. This place is home. Whether you're looking for something to do on your own, with a date, or a large group of friends, this is a great place to visit.
4	Love this place, nice places to shop and eat. Nice place to bring out of town visitors and family.
4	Town Square is a really nice outdoor shopping experience. They have a park in the middle of the square for the kids to play in the water. Lots of specialty stores, restaurants and the usual stores you find at some of the Indoor malls.  I was there in July so I really wished they had more misters. They have a whole foods store which is a nice plus.  There is plenty of parking and lots to do.  I wished they had a book store since I love to wander among books but I still had a wonderful time.
5	This is my favorite shopping Plaza in Las Vegas hands down!Wide open parking lots surround this outdoor shopping plaza as well as there being a valet and parking garage + metered spots next to stores.  You can see a movie, go grocery shopping, wine and dine, party until 3-4am, and find just about any article of clothing/shoe located here (only lacking in super-high end stores which I care nothing about).There is also a fry's electronics right across the street and the strip is 3-5 minutes north of this location, you can't beat it!I mainly go here to visit Guitar Center and go to Yard House or Blue Martini but there is so much to do for everyone throughout the different times of the day and the atmosphere is very safe/welcoming... there is even an artificial grass park in the center!Be sure to check this place out when you get the chance!5/5 stars!
4	My favorite outdoor mall. This place has everything I need. Bars (Blue Martini, Yard House, McFaddens, Stoney's) clothing stores (H & M, Guess, Victoria's Secret, Hollister), restaurants (California Pizza Kitchen, Kabuki, I Heart Burger, Brio) Make Up (Sephora, Mac), Movie Theatre, Whole Foods, The Container Store,  kids play ground and etc. The parking is ok, there are two parking garages and parking lots surrounding the center. There is also valet parking near the Yard House entrance. My favorite thing about Town Square is the monthly wine tasting that they host usually during Spring and Autumn on Saturdays.
5	The Apple Store here is fantastic, so very helpful, but heck it's Apple they seem to do everything right. Sephora, again very helpful sales people at this makeup store, I always find what I am looking for (with help).. This is a beautiful outdoor mall, very pleasant to walk around and shop or window shop. Teavana is a must stop shop if you love tea, and I love tea, again friendly, helpful and knowledgeable sales staff here. Parking is easy and safe, a quick walk into the outdoor mall. Did I mention it is pooch friendly? My Pom Lola loves compliments, and she gets them here (she likes Town Square better than the dog park).. So in short, Town Square, beautiful, helpful a must see/shop go when in Vegas!
4	Great place to just go walk around and get out of the runt of those indoor malls.  But go in the evening when it's cooler out, and hey why not make it a family event and bring the furry ones along.
5	This was one of my favourite spots to shop in Vegas. It's clean, attractive and comfortable. I love the outdoor space. Also has a good selection of shops and entertainment.
5	I love TS! Great for everyone!!! Movies, bars, restaurants, so many events, shopping galore, and very family friendly. A nice play area for children even with a water play area during the summer. Wine walks, to mini marathons, and during the holidays are always fun. They over do Christmas with a Santa house that you can go meet and greet him at; as well as make it snow. It's an out door shopping mall so I usually go during the evening on hotter days. Too many things to mention but worth checking out if you've never been.
3	Lots of stores in one area.Parking is not free, and you will need to find or wait for people to leave to get a space. I rather go to a real mall to shop than come here. If it rains, some places are covered overhead some are not.The people at sephora are not too nice. The aldo clerks were not very helpful either. If anything only the apple store really tailor to their customers.Will probably not come back again.
4	Outside mall where all thw standard mall shops are. Best parts about this place are the waterpark playground for the little ones and the movie theater with comfortable seating.
4	Out door mall, with a lot of shops they don't have at other Malls here. Its clean open, fountains, playgrounds, areas for pets, and photo opps abound. The food chocies are a little limited, but again they are places you won't find elsewhere in Vegas, so it's ok. Kids love the spraying the water to play in, even in the cold, and pets were every where. I saw no pet leavings, so either people are really good there or the serverice is right on top of it.
4	Love this place. It's the best outdoor mall in Vegas! Little out of the way if you're around the strip but worth a trip out. Lots to do here here. Great for kids too. It's very European in its decor.
5	I have nothing bad to say. Great free family event. Next year I'm bringin' my dog. Came with my daughter & gson. We all enjoyed the costumes, friendly candy passers, free hay rides etc. Thank you for this event.
5	This is one of the nicest outdoor malls I've been to, however, most of the time I'm here it's not to shop. Town Square is more like a sociable venue than a mall, as they not only have nice shops and restaurants, but also a movie theater, bars/nightclubs, food stands/fast food joints, froyo/coffee/dessert spots, play area for kids, and even Gameworks is coming soon too. The shops/restaurants here are mostly moderately priced and parking is never too bad in the open lots. If you come here in the summer, make sure to stay hydrated because there doesn't seem to be much shade when it's super hot out. I just wish I lived closer, because then I would come here much more often!
5	We came here for the first time for the Town Scary for Halloween.  We got there early so parking wasn't to bad.  Such a good time, lots of candy, fun, games, and kids !!! I have a 3 year old and he had an absolute blast !!! Free candy from almost allt he stores, shops, restaurants.  Great live DJ (from KLUC)Great time, with that being said im glad we came early, by the time we were leaving with a bucket full of candy, the new people coming in were having to wait in long lines for one piece of candy from the stores.Great time look forward to coming back, not on for Halloween, but for some shopping and dinoing in between
5	I love this mall, great stores and great restuarants my favourite store is XTC boutique it's next to Aldo shoes they have the most unique clothes and very affordable luv it!!! My husband loves the British store called ONE MONARCHY they have all European clothing!!!
4	Large out door shopping area that apparently is child and pet friendly so guess what you can bring both just make sure to pick up after both of them.
5	This is one of the places I've missed the most since moving away from Vegas a few years ago.  I try to come here every time I come back to visit.....for many of the reasons I pointed out in my last review.  Since then they've added a couple of bars and restaurants that have added to the atmosphere of the place and has enhanced the vibe/energy of the place.The only part of the shopping center that lacks energy is the North side of the place....for some reason, it just seems dead every time we're there.  The happening spot is right in front of the movie theater where there's a high concentration of restaurants/bars.  It's a cool spot for locals to hang out.Return Factor - 100%
5	Love everything about this outdoor mall. Everything from the shops to the park to the eateries. First time seeing their Christmas tree too. What a great place.
1	Took my 18 month old for Santa photos, she was a little afraid so Santa backed up to let her get comfortable which was great so they took some pics with Santa behind her when she finally got to a point where she would sit with him the rude cashier said we were done (there was no line because we came before thanksgiving) so when we picked a couple useable photos one of them wasn't even the one we picked, and of course they had all been deleted 5 min later so we couldn't even get the right one. So I paid for pics that sucked and now get to go do them again somewhere else.
5	Got an email from the photo company and they apologized and had us come back for a redo, I can only wish more companies treated customers this way
4	Town Square is a nice outdoor mall in Vegas. It's a great place to kill a few hours while enjoying some nice weather (Spring, Fall and Winter that is....Summer it is like the surface of the sun)Highlights:Park for the kids is very nice...I do have a love/hate with the strict no liquids/food policy though. I get why they do it, but the stroller moms seem to be able to sneak a full Thanksgiving dinner in, while my lone diet coke is spotted immediately. The center stage/grassy area is a great place to hang out. Lots of tables, space for the kids/pets to run around, and various activities (movies, Santa, concerts) going on at different times of the year.Love Old Navy, H&M, Justice, Gymboree and Whole Foods. They have a TON of other stores, many are pretty high end, but those are my personal favorites.Movie theater and lots of restaurants, so you can really make a whole evening or day there without having to worry about driving back and forth between places.Farmers Market on Friday afternoon/evenings is a nice place to hang out and get some yummy treats. Not so great:Restaurants are fairly hit or miss. Many spots have had several restaurants open then go out of business, then another one open, go out of business...etc..etc.. Even the "good" restaurants, are not great. I am not sure if they can't handle the volume, or rely too much on the "tourists" mentality. Also, this place can get REALLY busy. Friday/Saturday night waits for restaurants can easily stretch over an hour and again, when you are waiting that long for so/so food, it can suck. Parking lots can also get really busy. Not such a big deal if you are staying a few hours, but it sucks if you are just trying to run to one store and have to park a mile away. Overall the good things about Town Square far outweigh the so-so, and I feel it is a really enjoyable place to visit.
4	1 thing i hate is driving around the stores in a maze!!! other than that, it's a good place to shop
5	Townsquare is amazing. It feels like you are walking thru the streets of New York. The atmosphere is amazing. Right now they have a beautiful christmas tree and Santa. There are always activities for kids to get involved in. Always a must see when we come to Vegas
4	This is the nicest outdoor mall in Nevada. This place has some similarities to The Grove in LA. Lots of shops and good restraunts and bars from $-$$$ price range. There is also a movie theater, children's playground and Whole Foods. It is pretty much a one stop shop!
4	Let's review something non food related - I love Town Square!  It is my favorite outdoor mall.  The one reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I wish it had less traffic in and around the sections of the mall.  Other than that, a great way to spend an afternoon on a date or with family.  There is a great movie theater, lots of shops, wonderful restaurants and a very fun atmosphere centered around the current season.  If it is Christmas, it feels like Christmas.  If it is July, it feels like July.  There is a fun playground for kids.  Pottery painting.  Movie Theater.  The newly opened Sugar Factory.  Bars & Restaurants. The Container Store.  A Hello Kitty Store.  A central park like area for hanging out. The Apple Store... and more.
5	The selection at this sephora is good without having to deal with the Sephora by the Venetian. I have made friends here as well as the staff remember me and my daughters name. Even my babys name. I like how they are not stingy with free samples either.  Parking is free in the lot and you can even park right in front of the store if you chose to pay the meter. A quick in and out and they sell Hair products some Sephoras do not.
4	I like this place. Whenever I'm staying in Vegas, it's always a place I like to go and spend some time. A nice walking trail, great Whole Foods Market, right next door to Frys, and I like their movie theater too.
1	This review is for the Town Square Santa.  We took my very excited 4 year old daughter to see Santa located in the center of Town Square.  We were told to text "santa" to some random phone number and we would be put in  a computerized queue.  So that is what we did and we received a text back saying it is a 90  minute wait to see Santa, even if you are buying pictures with Santa or not, it didn't matter. There is no first come first serve,, you just have to wait to be sent a text that Santa is ready for you.  After letting our daughter play at the park for 30 minutes, then grabbing some food at Yardhouse, which took a little over an hour, we were expecting to be pretty close to seeing Santa.  We received a text that said our wait time was now 96 minutes.. We went to the cashier guy standing in front of Santa's house and his reply was, "yeah, sorry, we are having computer problems.You will have to wait until you are texted to get in line".  Needless to say, we took my very disappointed 4 year old home and told her that Santa was too busy to see her and we would come back later.Do not take your kids to see this Santa.  This whole experience made me so upset and I will never shop at Town Square again.  Horrible!!!
4	Town Square is a beautiful outdoor shopping center right at the tail end of the strip.  There is tons of parking, even with all the tourists, & tons of stores to wander in & out of.  There are lots of restaurants, a theater, bars for happy hour, and even a nice area where you can sit & take a break with your family.  It's also really pretty during Holidays as they always decorate and have cool special events.Personally, I love the Whole Foods at Town Square.  It isn't nearly as crowded as the stores in Henderson or Summerlin & it seems to be a bit bigger.  Being so close to the strip, I'm surprised it's not more touristy but there always seems to be plenty of room for everyone!
4	This place is awesome. They are always busy but they take time to help you whenever your there, nice customer service. If you see anything that's hot about beauty this is where you find it. Brand name make up  is their specialty, they have a lot of customers so make sure and call to see if the thing your looking for is in stock. I'm a vib and I enjoy the privileges it offers, make sure to ask about it.
4	Great place for shopping no big crowds good parking lots of restaurants bars at better prices than the strip not a whole lot to say but good stuff just come on down and have a good time
5	I am such a sucker for this place.  Don't let my check-in count fool you -- I used to be here at least once a week, usually more.  I just didn't have the Yelp app (shame on me).Old Navy, H&M, Sephora, Juicy Couture, MAC, Victoria's Secret, Teavana... oh man, the reasons to hang out at this place for hours at a time.Yardhouse is a great little spot to eat and drink, the movie theater is now owned by AMC I believe (I hated Rave, so this is a huge bonus), Kabuki serves up some stellar sushi and there is even a little boba tea place tucked away by the bridge in the middle.The atmosphere here is always happy and energetic, so sometimes I just like to walk around aimlessly and soak that in.  Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf can assist in your caffeinated fix to do so, too!They hold several events here throughout the year; I've been to a few and they really give a sense of community.I almost always make my out-of-town friends come here because damnit, it's awesome.Talking about it makes me want to go...but I certainly know better to NOT go on Christmas Eve...ha!
3	Don't get me wrong.. I really like Town Square but I think it's overrated. There's only a handful of shops I like to go to here. The traffic sucks so I try to avoid it. It;s not worth the headache more than a few times a year. Not a regular spot to shop at.
4	My first time coming to an outdoor mall that it was very clean and well kept. Surprisingly even though it's outdoors, you never feel like you're directly in the sun unless you want to be. Their is also a AMC movie theater for people who will like to watch a movie. This square as a nice selection of shops and restaurants. Stories like H&M, Godiva, Aldo, A&E, Apple, Express, Fossil, Gap and so forth. It even has a children play area for younger kid who are not into shopping yet. The play area is like a big and has food vender next to it. Their is two parking lots located at this Square so their is ample space and easy to find a spot. Will be back soon!
5	Nice place, good food and the best, beautiful servers.I forgot the server name, but I only remember that she said is from Ventura,Ca. I think she's name is Annie, but anyways. I just want to say to her, you look beautiful, you're so nice and you did very good job.
4	Pricey high end shops. Cute boutiques. Nice outdoor eateries.This place has changed so much in the past 5 years that I barely recognized it. Last time I had seen it, most of the buildings hadn't been built.Looking at it, it's pretty much like an outdoor Bellagio/Venetian. The feel of the architecture is about the same. There are a lot of high end shops and pretty cool cafes/restaurants such as Brio. Very, very cute. I looked around more than anything, I couldn't buy anything because it was very pricey, but I love the look and feel of the whole square. Would definitely try to go back one day.
5	I really like this place lots of great stores. Only thing thats a bit freaky is when those planes come in to land a bit unnerving when you can make out passengers in the window lol. Lots of great watering holes,eats and movie theatres. Nicely done. Im sure this place is a nut house on the weekends though.
4	This is mainly for Town Square's story time! I love that there are Cirque performers that are the storytime "performers!" Visually their tricks are pretty awesome and the storytime here is definitely more geared to the older kids. They give out a lot of little prizes so that's a huge plus too. The downfall is that if it's windy outside or if there are a lot of people you might have to sit in the sun or you cannot see what is going on. Since it's a kid activity, smaller kids might not be able to see since the older kids are standing. I would probably suggest getting there early and getting a seat up front if you if have a wee little one. They use a mic for the sound so the sound is not a problem at all. Bring your blanket or something comfy to sit on! Town square as a whole is cool...although I try and avoid this place during the hot heat temperatures. They do have misters in a few areas but an outdoor shopping area in the vegas heat is not my kind of fun. The parking garages can fill up quite quickly so parking in the lot can be a walk too on a busy day. I do love that there are a bunch of different shops and places to eat. Farmers market on Fridays too! Overall, Town Square is pretty fantastic.
5	What,A fun place.. There is tons to do and see, and lots of interesting shops to go in and spend money or what money you have left after gambling all night.. Lol You could easily spend a day here just walking around grabbing a bite to eat or catching a movie I really enjoyed this place and I can't wait to come back the next time I'm in town..
4	Beware of the tourists! It's usually a mad house around in the area around the Apple Store. Some good eats though, California Pizza Kitchen, Brio and our favorite Yard House. Be careful when crossing the street though. A lot of people are window shopping from their cars and not paying attention...
4	Pros:Fantastic Mall: One of a kind in LV! UpscaleClean - no ghetto s..tGreat Theater - $5 Tuesdays!Lots of restaurants, great shopping for stuffIt just raises the whole city of Las Vegas by 1 star IMOCon: Prices for things are a bit higher than you can find elsewhere. I guess you pay for the "upscale" part.  But they have specials so wtf...living large...Fantastic place to take a girl out on a date to impress....But I'm married, so instead I take my wife there for $5 Tuesdays to the Movie Theater and call it a night.
5	Now this place set itself apart from other shopping centers in Las Vegas.  Where else you can dine, shop, enjoy fresh air, play with your kids, watch a movie, dancing and bar hoping in one area.  Did I mention they have Fry's Electronic store right across the street?  You are also literally minutes away from the world famous Las Vegas strip.
5	This is a really, really good mall a "stones throw" from Mandalay Bay Resort on the far end of the strip.  It may actually be (in my humble, meek opinion :) the best kept secret from Las Vegas' usual tourists.  They have every speciality store (Sephora, Banana, Express, etc) you need minus the chaos of the huge department stores.  There is also a movie theater, a good selection of bars and restaurants, a huge fry's electronics and whole foods.  It's a great and convenient place to go if you are in Las Vegas with kids and want to get off the strip.  I love the clean, outdoor setting.  I am dying to go back one evening to check out Stoney's Country Bar--yep, that's there too!   This mall is huge!
3	This is a really nice place, but like others have already mentioned, it's outdoors.  Why is that a big deal?  You obviously haven't been in Vegas in the summer where it is a million degrees Fahrenheit.  When it's not summer, I find myself coming here.  Lots of nice shops and even some nice restaurants.
5	I love coming to town square. It has everything from movies to shops to bars and food. I'm usually here for movies because it the closest theater to my place. I think they should put in some recline chairs like the luxury theaters but they aren't solid stuff so they are still pretty good. Staff is usually really good when getting tickets and whatnot. The also have a couple bars. Blue martini is upstairs and they have some good drinks. My favorite was the cucumber martini I think?! Lol they have so many delicious things. Also there is double helix down stairs. Nice and warm inside there. For good they have a variety of options. The have little place with cookies and corn dogs or they have big place with pasta and steak. It just depends on what your in the mood for. Last but not least, ALL OF THE SHOPS!!! I'm a huge fan of Victoria secret and this is the closest one to my house! Love it. Also they have H&M, Old Navy, and a bunch of stuff! I really love parking by a meter and only having to put a nickel or two in. It's a great mall.
5	I've been coming here since it opened in 07' or 08'. Yes I was a "teenybopper" when it opened.lol My friends back in high school used to just spend the whole day frolicking the grounds, shopped at H&M, ate at claim jumpers and watching whatever movie was on the the old Rave theater (it's not AMC). Now we do pretty much the same thing but with wine and we don't spend my whole day here.haha It's a great place for all ages and it's very pet friendly. If you want to enjoy Vegas air and shop (away from the tacky tourist attractions) this is the place for you.
5	I always come to town square with my local god parents. Being away from the strip is a nice change. This mall is really aesthetically pleasing. I really does feel like a huge town square. It's nice strolling around window shopping or browsing. What makes this mall even better is the movie theater. So convenient. Parking has never been a problem either. You can get lost here. Everything looks the same
5	Free line dance lesson for couples on Tuesdays...yee ha!
5	Great deals here glad my Friend brought me her. Now I shop here always have amazing deals four dollar shirts Bohme sales are awesome! Juicy Couture 35 dollars perfume set wit a nice complimentary gift was incredible you can beat does deals Ten dollars jean extra cute and stop by Mac really nice also the best part the mega play town for kids I love taking my daughter there she has a great time always definitely place to go
3	I love the concept but the stores are just ok.  They have very common stores and it seems that their focus is on a middle to average income base which is great.  However, I wish they had a little more variety.  My suggestion would be to incorporate more independent boutiques (like some of the Summerlin stores, although I'm not a huge fan of most of them there) or have a department store or trendy places to shop at or even high end place like a Barney's Coop.  The restaurants are ok but I would love to see them add some smaller cafes or simple brunch spots.
3	This is a nice outdoor mall BUT they claim to be such a great dog friendly place. What a disappointment. Yes, it's an open mall and dogs are allowed to walk the sidewalks and streets BUT DON'T try to do anything else with your dog, otherwise you'll have to drive back home. None of the big, sit down restaurants with outdoor patios let you dine with your dog. If you want to eat with your dog, you'll have to tie him OUTSIDE the patio fence/gate, that's not very smart! at that point you have zero control over your dog. Not sure why they don't allow this, being they are located in a mall that claims it's so dog friendly and having outdoor dining patios. What a joke! We found one place to eat. Crazy Pita (reviewed separately)Now, if you're there to shop/eat with just humans? It's great.
4	I really like Town Square.  It has almost every store you can think of, save the big department stores, plenty of dining options, a movie theater, an outdoor play area, and a supermarket. Just walking around and window shopping is fun.  There is lots of parking, and everything is always clean and beautiful.  Town Square is a great addition to Las Vegas!
5	The only outdoor mall with a movie theater attached in Las Vegas. I must say, I like the environment, it's a nice place to take your love ones, Ur kids, Ur spouse. Or even to just hang out on Ur day off. Its very beautiful around Christmas time. Good restaurants to eat at. Plenty of Shops. Plenty of Parking. Valet Service is Good also.
3	Solidly decent shopping. No strong anchor stores but plenty of smaller or lesser-known brands, like Soma, a tiny Gap, Francesca's, and H&M. Larger stores include the Container Store, and a Whole Foods, along with several restaurant options, a movie theater, and a park in the middle.Wandered around for a few hours, going shopping, having a meal and a dessert, and generally just hanging out and browsing several shops. While the exterior and design of the center is quite nice and upscale, most of the stores are not- which isn't a complaint, as I don't blow wads of cash when I go shopping anyway.But what struck me as shocking was that the customer service at nearly every store I went to in this center was nearly nonexistent- half of the stores seemed understaffed, and those who did have staff apparently haven't trained them on actually helping customers. Went into several stores without receiving any interaction from employees as I browsed, and though I'm not expecting to be waited on hand and foot, being acknowledged shouldn't be too much to ask for.I'll come back to check out a movie, and maybe a clearance rack or two, but there really isn't anything here to bring me back.
4	Love it here. So many designer stores and amazing restaurants. The clothing stores are always having some good deals especially near the holidays.
5	Not being a LV local I was heavily debating whether a trip here would be worth it, but was so glad we decide to stop by! Town Square is located just south of the strip and is an easy 5 min drive, and if you wanna make a day of it like we did you can also hit up Fry's and the south outlets, which are both practically within walking distance.This place is great outdoor mall and is really, really big! We spent a few hours here and only really saw the shops outlining the perimeter. It never really seemed too crowded but I think that may have been due to the sheer size of the place. The atmosphere is great and has an assortment of big chain stores like H&M, Old Navy and Crate and Barrel, along with a bunch of locally owned shops (which I've already fallen in love with).Going back to LV in December and I can't wait to visit Town Square for some awesome Christmas shopping!
4	I love town square.  The whole feel of it and that it's away from the strip (kinda) and near a freeway.5 stars if it had more upscale stores.Pros:Great park for kidsActivities TheatreMultiple restaurants Whole foodsContainer store  Cons:Getting out still sucks
4	I love the fact that it's not so far from my Vegas home and I don't have to mess with the crowds around the strip.  I can shop and go to the theater and eat lol all in one location.
5	My favorite place to shop! Town Square has just about all your needs! There is every kind of store that someone would need. Tons of shoe stores, makeup, kids store, baby boutique, etc. They even have The container store and Whole foods.It is spread out but the scenery makes the walk enjoyable and there is tons of shaded area. Parking close can be a little difficult but not bad at all. They have lots of great restaurants in the area like Sugar Factory, Tommy Bahama's, and California Pizza Kitchen. There is also an amazing play area for kids and the have these eater spouts that get turned on and the kids can play in the water. There is a cute little train that they can take a ride on and lots of little sweet stands right next to the play area. All in all a great place to go shop eat and play all at the same time!
4	Amazing place. Beautifully maintained. And definitely built with families and kids in mind. Everything is clean and variety of stores and food/drink options.Parking is plentiful, and it's pay by parking meter.  I was very surprised to find a Lollicup there next to the play area. Loved that there were misters setup all over the walk ways to help keep cool in the hot weather. I will definitely be coming here again on our next visit.  Concierge was friendly and helpful, when I bought train ride tickets  ($3 a ticket age 2 and under ride free)Lots of play areas and gazebos, water fountains, and picturesque scenery.
4	If you enjoy walking around outside and shopping this is the place to do it. There are several clothing stores and specialty shops. Town Square also offers a movie theater, bars, lounges, and restaurants.It is easily accessible from the expressway and from the Blvd. There is ample parking around the perimeter, if you can't find any metered parking inside the square.Most of my trips to Town Square are to Whole Foods. It is one of the largest Whole Foods in the area. I also make a trip down to Texas de Brasil every so often.It is absolutely a great place to eat, drink, and shop. I definitely recommend taking a trip to Town Square.
4	Fun place to shop and lots of dining options.  Some stores are open Thanksgiving day.
4	Such a great place to shop! They have all kinds of shops, a great selection of restaurants, a movie theatre and great play areas for kids. Town Square reminds me of The Grove in Los Angels. Where they went wrong: the layout is horrible. It's like trying to navigate through a maze, and parking is just as bad. There's no "quick stop" here and if you're lucky enough to find a spot, the meters haven't been upgraded to accept credit cards so you better have a pocket full of quarters!!
5	I absolutely love this place. It's like a mini version of the strip, no hotels, not too crowded and it has great stores. What really caught my attention here are the mist-ers, what a great idea. It reminded me of disneyland. Placing those will cool the customers and vistors shopping around there because we all know how hot it could get here. I can tell they really thought about the customers and wanted them to feel comfortable.  I also love all the food kiosks. They have a wide variety of restaurants and the atmosphere is amazing. I would definitely go back.
2	The place has a great park surrounded by over priced resturants and shops, the main problem that makes no sense on buisness is the park area, and the coffee bean, doesn't open till 10 or 11 on Sundays, why the hell not? If parents want to come to enjoy the early morning whether they have to Wait till 10 or 11? Sitting here at 9 am on Sunday I saw at least 25 people walk up to the park and to coffee bean and walk away shaking their heads because they are closed. I'll make sure not to come back early..... oh and for some reason the place opens at different times, one person said 10, another person said 11......
4	I always enjoy Town Square. It is close to both home and work for me! There are plenty of stores to stop in and shop and find whatever it is you may need or even to find what you didn't even know you needed/wanted! There are plenty of dining options (some better than others), a movie theater, an outdoor hang out area, and a market. There is plenty of parking, and the public areas are always clean and well kept.  Town Square is a great place in Las Vegas!
5	Ever sense this place was finished being built, it is the place I am always at. It has the best shops, amazing restaurants, the best movie theater, and being out doors makes everything much friendlier. I love coming here I know they have something for everyone. From a cute park in the middle where they show movies. And a train that rides around for the little kids. They have cute little rivers you can make wishes in. There's also amazing stores here. Great shopping. Dining is to die for; there is a restaurant for literally everyone's price range (and diet needs) this is the place. I love it here, I hope more people do too
4	As far as malls go, the Towne Square mall is fantastic for locals. There are plenty of fun places to eat and the shoppes are amazing. I love the Bebe store and I also like to shop at the American Eagle here. They have misters so it helps with the summer heat. Parking can be a pain here, especially around dinner time. Plan accordingly with your footware.
4	Town Square first opened when I was in high school. It was the place to be back then, and it still is!The best way to describe Town Square is that it is a supreme shopping complex. There is everything for anyone of all ages: shopping, restaurants, bars, a movie theater, an arcade, and they even have a very nice playground area for the kids. I have also seen people bring their dogs here. You'll find just about anything here. They have well-known stores such as Gap and H&M, but they also have smaller specialty stores. One of my favorite stores there is a little boutique that sells stuff for dogs.I'm totally in love with this place and come here whenever I get the chance. There's just so much to do and so much to see that the experience is different every time you come.With that being said though, they lose a star because the complex is so huge that sometimes parking can be horrendous. You can park on the streets next to stores, but you have to pay a parking meter. Otherwise, you have to park around the outside and if you venture out too far, it could be difficult for you to find your car at the end of the day. Overall, if you're looking for something fun to do, head on down here.
4	I like to just walk around Town Square and window shop, people watch and enjoy some of the eateries. My only issue is that parking can at times be challenging. I usually park on the side of Whole Foods and use the parking garages as a last resort. It is definitely a fun place for kids and adults, even pets. It's a must visit for sure
5	Was looking for a place to kill some time. A lot of newer shops in this place. Also there are a lot of little food vendors to get something to snack on.
2	This wonderful place would have gotten 5 stars if it wasn't for their Valet Attendant guy named Chase. The worst customer service. I do not recommend Valeting your car there unless you want to be harassed and hustled for dollar bills by this man. He told us he saw our car there before (which wasn't true) and in la they would tip him...not a good way to earn a tip buddy...go back to la. Not to mention we tipped on the way in. Poor management and lack of brain cells if you ask me.
4	Town Square is an extremely beautiful and chill place to shop at. They have several clothing stores as well as restaurants, a movie theatre, and bars. It seriously is like a little town. There's even a park in the middle where I can bring my little girl to play at. It's definitely a very family-friendly mall. TWO favorite things that I absolutely LOVE about Town Square is the fact that they have TWO of my favorite cosmetic stores: Sephora and MAC Pro Store! YAAAY!!! I am such a makeup addict, guys. Ask my husband and cousin. They'll vouch for me, haha!This is a beautiful place to walk around at as well... If it isn't 120 degrees outside. I usually enjoy going here during the fall/winter time because Vegas doesn't get extremely and unbearably cold. This is where I had to take a star away :( I wish that there was an option to place a roof over it so it wouldn't be too hot.. You're probably thinking, "A roof?! Girl, you crazy." But I've seen it done before (search up City Creek at Salt Lake City - it's an outdoor mall; however, it has a roof that can close up).Anyway, gorgeous outdoor mall. It has a small town feel to it. And I definitely enjoy walking around when it isn't too hot.
4	Great place to take a walk on a nice day. Outside shopping center, so you have to walk from store to store. A lot of entertainment in the parks for kids. Movie theatre and now a Gameworks. Not a good place in the heat. You're going to be outside a lot.
5	Coming here with friends to eat and shop is so much fun besides during Vegas summer days! It's clean, lots of shopping, and lots of great places to hangout.
1	I would make that a negative star if I could.  Worst customer service Ever.. oh wait what customer service.  Noone even acknowledged that I was in this location everyone around me was being talked to but not 1 person said anything to me. Will never step foot in there again
5	Love this place! The trian ride is great for small children and at only $3 cant beat it! Sugar Factory is delish, especially the banana split waffles.
5	Great place to shop, eat, and hang out. Recommend this mall. Great for families.  Will come back again.
4	Shoppers unite!I frequently shop here due to the great stores they have here.  I realize it is close to the strip so many visitors come here as well.   They have a variety of stores from Sephora to Apple to Victorias Secret.  There is a huge Whole Foods in the front as well.  Even if you aren't shopping and just hungry, they have plenty of options for food from fine dining to casual settings.  Flemings, Texas de Brazil and Miller's Ale House are just a few to mention.Parking is plentiful! There are also several parking garages to keep your car out of the hot summer sun.  Local or not, it is a great place to visit!
5	Seriously one of my favorite malls they have so much to offer and it literally feels like I'm not in Vegas when I'm really on the strip. As a local that's a perfect find!  They've got a park in the center for the kids with a splash pad during summer which is so nice for obvious reasons of being hot here. There's a cool train that goes around for kids that you purchase tickets to in the office by the play ground. It's nice to get a cup of coffee (coffee bean and tea leaf) and just enjoy the scenery or stroll through all the shops! Night life is great here too who doesn't love Stoney's ;)
4	One of my favorite shopping centers here in Vegas. I love that the stores are outdoors and that everything is in one place. I can come here do some shopping, get lunch, see a movie, and relax and get a drink during Happy Hour all in one area. I love the location and it's always clean. If you're looking for a more of a relax shopping experience, this is the place to come.
4	I adore Town Square! It has a more local feel to it compared to the Premium Outlets downtown and is way less congested than most malls in Vegas. The atmosphere is great and there's usually always events going on that the whole family can enjoy. Another plus - parking is generous and ample! I love that I don't have to fight for a parking spot.  My favorite hang outs at Town Square are Yard House and Miller's Ale. Shopping wise, H&M and Sephora are great stand-bys. For nightlife, there's Stoney's and Blue Martini. Basically, there's something for everyone at Town Square! The only reason I'm not giving Town Square 5 stars is because I'm not a huge fan of their dining choices. There are chains and franchises galore and most are on the moderately expensive side, so I prefer to grub before heading out to Town Square (but that's just me). I always take my out-of-town visitors to Town Square, and so far, everyone has loved it! It's a great addition to anyone's itinerary for Las Vegas.
4	Love spending late afternoons here. Great spots to relax and shop. Wish there's better parking spots with easier access to the curb shops
5	Something for every taste - shopping, dining, kids fun, or just taking a walk. Love to come here with the entire family.
5	I frequent shopping malls more often than I should and Town Square, dare I say, is probably my favorite of them all. When this place first opened, having an outdoor mall closer to southwest LV was extremely refreshing. Years later, this place has only gotten better. There's a wide selection of restaurants, bars, and shops. The movie theatre and kiddie water park make it a sweet spot for any aged visitor. Perfect for walking the dog, too. And now with the arrival of GameWorks video arcade and bowling, Town Square is unstoppable!The overall center is always well kept and well decorated. They host nice entertainment and charity events on a regular basis. It can get busy at times, but that's really just because we all know it's a great place to have a good time. What more needs to be said? There's just so much to do. Love it here.
4	so we went last night to old navy to  get kids winter clothes and the store was busy alittle messy but i have to say we were greeted many times and approched by several employees.we found a coat for my son and it was the olny one and of course wrong size!! so we asked employee to see if they had more.she walked the entire store and found the last one she was so helpfull i wish i would have got her name!!this is my fav location!!!
5	Love this place for a lot of reasons.The location, it's very easy to find, The stores, the movie theater AMC, The whole food, fry's electronic It's the local spot for sure
5	Love shopping at town square. The choices of retailers are great. My favorite place is the container store, where I can easily spend hours. Parking is ample, and convenient to all the stores. It can get hot walking around in the summer, but we tend to shop in the evening so no issues there. The restaurant offerings are great as well, lots to choose from.
5	Awesome
5	Probably the best mall in Las Vegas! Tons of shops, restaurants, and food places. Movie theater is great too. And there is a nice place for the kids to play in the middle of this outside mall.
5	Place is beautiful. Reminds me of the grove out in LA. There is plenty of shopping, restaurants, bars. There is also a kids park. There is a lot to do here.
3	This is a nice outdoor mall very close to the strip. It has plenty of your typical retail stores along with Gameworks and Whole Foods. There is plenty of parking, but the parking lots and garages are very sporadically placed around the center. The layout doesn't make a whole lot of sense. There is a lot of winding around to get to different shops. Exciting can also be a pain if you're trying to turn left.
4	Town square is a pleasant place. Nice stores and atmosphere. Clean. Party upstairs.
