5	The "Supreme Master" is one of my favorite restaurants in town.  The menu is entirely vegetarian with many vegan options.  My favorite meal:three-striped vegetable soup, a spring roll with sweet and sour sauce and kung-pow beef with brown rice.   Mmm, mmm good!My only complaint is the the restaurant is often very quiet and the wait staff is VERY quiet and reserved.  Still, it's a great place to bring a group of friends and have a good time.
4	We went and were really surprised at how good the food was. J got a "seafood clay pot" and I got the "Ginger Duck". We also got the "Shreded Pork roll". The Pork rolls were amazing - hands down one of the tastiest things i've had in a while. Turns out that my husband could not eat them due to the peanuts hiding in there, (note to Allergy people) but he got a good taste of it and agreed that it was good. His dinner was the best - the "seafood" having the right consistancy (something that felt like squid, a "shrimp" that was very close to shrimp flavor, and something that I swear tasted like the chinese sasuage from my youth - yummm!) and the sauce tasty and not too salty. My Ginger duck was too salty - the consistancy was ok, but the salt was just too much. After dinner, we ordered the Flan (which was the main reason that we came here in the first place). Sadly, like many veg/vegan restaurants, the dessert was awful. I think the "flan" was agar agar with some applejuice and some brown rice syrup. It was WAY TOO SWEET and looked (and felt) just like snot. Totally non appetising - icky jellowish texture. Service was a bit slow..but I think they view it as "laid back". The atmosphere was lacking as well - bright lights, cafeteria feel. I'd higly suggest for them to bring in more plants, paint the walls something other than pale pink, and tone down those overhead lights. This is not a date spot - just a good place for tasty food.
5	A typical outing to the Veggie House with my girlfriend  looks like this:-Start with hot tea and vegetable soup-A small order of absolutely delicious spring rolls-Two entrees...usually the House Special Chicken and Broccoli ChickenHave you ever gone to a restaurant repeatedly and ordered the same thing every time?  Seriously, if I had the eat and drink the above for the rest of my life, I'd totally be cool with it.  This place is golden in my book.One time, my friend ordered the House Special Dinosaur.  When the waiter gave a confused and funny look, my friend explained that since it isn't really meat anyway, it shouldn't matter what you call it.  Try it sometime.
5	5 Stars! just because it's the only place I know downtown that caters to us vegetarians in such a creative way. The menu alone will really impress anyone that enters. They have over 60 vegetarian items with fake meat or tofu. It's crazy to imagine what you can try next. My favs are the eel, sweet and sour pork and lobster...You must try it to believe it! I take all my friends vegetarian and meat eaters.
3	It was nice to have a vegetarian restaurant relatively close to where I was staying!I started off with the Assorted Platter appetizer, which came with three different kinds of mock meats served on a bed of shredded cabbage - I think it was ham (or duck?), chicken and deep fried eel. All were good and it actually creeped me out for a second thinking that it was real meat (well, at least the texture did).For an entree, I had the New York Veggie Chicken - it was poured onto a hot plate at my table before being served, which produced a sizzle sizzle effect. It was okay - the mock chicken was good, but the dish itself was average.I ordered the tofu cheesecake for dessert - very tasty!I'd go back again for sure, there were so many delicious looking options on their menu...
5	This is one of our old favorite standards, and I'm constantly amazed at how many meat-eaters enjoy it too!  We usually try to go for lunch because we love the lentil soup they serve that only comes with the lunch combo.  We usually order something of the same...springrolls and either lemon grass chicken (excellent!), sweet and sour pork, or New York chicken.  Today we were adventurous and tried one of their new menu items, the garlic chicken....wow...it was awesome!  I think it just replaced the lemon grass chicken on my favorites list!  We also checked out their chow mein so we could have some veggies and it was very good as well....a great combo.They have recently changed the names of their menu items, which I think might be confusing to people because some of the names don't have anything to do with what the actual dish is!  But don't be afraid to ask, the staff is very friendly and they won't be afraid to recommend a dish to you.The only thing I hate about veggie house is that they are closed on Sunday and Monday!!! =(
5	Definitely a must-try! The building itself isn't much to look at but the parking lot is always full and that's a great indication of yummy-ness. It caters to both meat and veggie eaters with fake chicken, duck, and beef plates. They also have mock seafood plates as well. My friend and I went to check this place out because we had heard so much about it. She ordered the lemon grass chicken and I tried the ginger duck. Both were so tasty and we were kinda freaked out because they tasted just like the real thing. The service was excellent and kudos for the waitress who kept filling up our waters...even AFTER we paid the bill. It's reasonably priced and the food portions are perfect. We even had leftovers.
3	My god, paint the freakin place... It's incredible how many places don't get atmosphere... I don't want to eat at K-mart (nor do i want to shop at K-mart). What does a few gallons of paint and some decent lighting cost anyway? And update the bar! It is sad when a business owner loses that spark.Alright, had a few pills... mellowed now...The food is good - not great - but certainly a paradise of selection for all the vegetarians out there (must be 100 items on the menu). The pricing is amazingly cheap (maybe they could add 10 cents to each dish for paint). The menu threw me at first, as each dish is described as chicken, beef, shrimp, etc.. with a small disclaimer on the front of the menu that they are meat-substitutes.Anyone else want to donate some time to help spruce this place up (yes, it bugs me that much).
4	This place is a vegetarian mecca and a lot of the soy meat is gluten free which is a huge perk for people like me. The atmosphere could use some work but the food is good and it is priced well. They have fresh juices and a very healthy vibe. The service is always good and it is never super packed. If you have veggie friends that haven't discovered this place it is a gem.
4	I found this place right after they moved to the current location, which is a true shame, as that address had neater doors (if I was at the right place), which probably led to a more comfortable eating space than the current General Hospital Cafeteria feel. I started taking my orders to go, and have been much happier for it. The staff are friendly, if a bit cold. I don't mean to be offensive or impolite, but I find the looping spiritual lectures on the television in the "bar" (waiter station) to be off-putting, along with the waiters' intent concentration. I think they might have paintings by her on the walls, too. And a portrait. I hate the 1987 dining sets, and I don't like the plastic table coverings. I wish they served wine, but I guess it's probably against their beliefs, so I feel weird about complaining. The food is so good, though. I love the stuffed tomatoes, nice texture, and the hot and sour soup is both hot and sour. Sizzling rice soup is also quite good. If you eat in, they deliver the fried rice and you can put it in and hear it sizzle. The tea they serve in the dining room is also missed by taking my food to go. The lemon chicken and sweet and sour pork are my favorite entrees, but I also like the duck and eel selections. The shrimp are so realistic, if not a spot on imitation. I do not particularly care for the juices they serve, but no entree has been unsatisfactory in the years I've been going in. I just wish they delivered and had better hours, but I guess it isn't their thing.
5	Tasty, even if you are not a vegetarian, you will like this place. The food is great, it is inexpensive. The atmosphere is a bit lacking, but two out of three ain't bad.
4	Its always good times to find an all vegetarian spot in the valley of the sun and Vegetarian House is a supremely awesome spot indeed. I was a little worried when I first opened the menu and there were Chicken, Seafood, and Meat entrees. Then I was assured that they were all meatless.I had the Ginger Duck and it was like eating duck! Unreal!The decor needs some help but the food is why I am there.
4	I have eaten at the Veggie house several times. The food is good, but the service is normally pretty slow. Do not head here if you are in a rush.I normally get sweet and sour pork. Pretty tasty dish. I have tried some other things, but did not particularly care for them.This is predominantly Asian based, and pretty heavy dishes.
4	I used to crush this place when I was veg. It's run by a cult, but if you can get past that it's in the house.The lemon grass chicken almost had me convinced they were lying about it being vegetarian.  Service is relaxed not slow to clarify on other reviews.It is especially good to hit up during lunch... really cheap then.  They also sell a lot of their faux meat products if you want to do some home cooking.Rock the lemon grass chicken and the house chicken they are spot on and safe for non adventurous eaters.PSA- they're closed from 2:30-5pm between lunch and dinner.
4	I'm not a vegetarian, but this food was really excellent. We order a ton of food! I'll start with the things we didnt like so much or found odd. I didn't really like the spring rolls which tasted bitter for some reason and the fried rice tasted like it was drowned in soy sauce. It was so salty none of us could eat it but I talk to the waitress and they brought out some more that was just excellent. Also, the Sweet & Sour "Pork" w/ Pineapple had really, really nice flavor but a strange chewy texture. I would order it again because the flavor was good.We also order the Family Tofu, steamed broccoli, steamed rice, some kind of "chicken" and noodles, and wonton soup. Also, we tried the cheesecake and YUM!!!  All of these were soooo freaking good... OMG! I totally crave this place now!
4	I've eaten here three times since last year's first visit, and everytime I do, I promise I won't wait longer next time.  Yet, it's been months since my last meal here.  I wonder why?  Maybe it's bec. Phoenix has so many good finds!  A coworker of mine constantly speaks of the lack of good eats in the valley.  I tell him "Nonsense.  You just have to be willing to look!"  The 7th Heaven (?) salad is delicious, and I love the lemon grass chicken.  Mom wouldn't believe that the "lobster" leftover she raided was vegan.  Wished management would improve the atmosphere, though.
3	I have been to better vegetarian Chinese restaurants, but the lunch specials that I tried were good (and cheap).  The faux meats suffer from what the squishy sponge like texture that plague many asian vegan places.  The sweet and sour was drowning in sauce, that didn't have enough flavor.  The chow mein though was really good, though being a carb-lover, I think the noodle to veggie ratio needed to be bumped up a lot.  Service was efficient.
5	This place is awesome! I love it. The wait staff is very casual about everything (don't go if you are in a rush). The hot tea that they serve you is my favorite! The "meat" and "seafood" dishes could really make you worry that you are eating meat. The stuffed tomatoes are delicious as well as the sweet and sour pork, I also really liked the lemon grass fish. I took a friend who was a Janeist (VERY strict diet!), and he wouldn't believe that it wasn't meat, lol.
3	The restaurant itself is oddly yet plainly decorated, which always makes me want to come in and give it a makeover whenever I eat there. The service is also slow but the workers are always friendly.With that said, the food is great. I had the broccoli chicken and the texture and taste was so close to real meat that it was unbelievable. The flavor was great and authentic as well. The ginger chicken is also really delicious and has a nice potent taste. The cheesecake is incredible, it's almost my favorite part of eating here. Even if you're not normally a dessert person, I recommend trying it.I wish this place wasn't as high priced as it is but the food is definitely cravable and worth it.
4	The food is fantastic.. who knew you could have so many crazy vegan substitutes for weird meats..  the atmosphere leaves a bit to be desired (the last time I was there there was a tv showing some sort of religious figure speaking for about an hour) but the food totally makes up for it.
3	Some dishes are good, some taste like they came out of a can from the Ranch Market at the Chinese Cultural Center.The heaven rice rolls might be my favorite in town, and the lobster dish is fantastic (definitely agree with kate - doesn't taste like lobster, but is delicious nonetheless).Free tea is always a really nice way to start a meal, too.
3	I find this quirky little place adorable.It's one of those rare vegetarian restaurants that offers meatless meat. You veggies out there know what I'm talking about: the spongy soy-based "meat" that both fascinates and repulses us.My husband and preschooler, omnivores both, really enjoyed their meals.Definitely one of those spots one must try at least once.
4	I don't have much to add, but this is a great restaurant.  Like other reviewers, the only reason that I am giving it 4 instead of 5 stars is because the atmosphere is a bit lacking. The food is very good. The one thing that I might be able to add is that the cheesecake dessert is  very tasty. I recommend it.  Oh, and one more thing, you can phone in your order and they do a good job with takeout service if you are ever in the mood for takeout.
4	lemongrass chicken, house fried rice, pork rice rolls, house noodle soup.that's all i need to say.  i will fly to arizona just to eat any one of those things.and to see david.  he's the next best thing about veg house.
2	On a recent visit to Phoenix, my vegetarian boyfriend and I were told that this was the place to go.  At first he was excited to have an entire menu to order from.  We ordered spring rolls, hot and sour soup, general tsos and....I can't even remember what I got.  All of the flavors were bland and even though he asked for his general tsos to be extra spicy, it didn't make a dent in the scoville scale.The tea was good and the staff were helpful and quick.  The atmosphere very relaxing.  We really wanted to like this place, but left extremely let down.  Hope your experience is much more satisfying.
3	Great food, creepy cult atmosphere. Ministry tape is on ALL THE TIME...it's just weird. The food is really good though order ahead and pick it up to go.
3	Visiting from the San Franciso Bay Area, very impressed to have this veg oasis not far from our hotel.  We arrived only 10 minutes before they stopped serving lunch, and they had everything ready really quickly - about 10 minutes:  rice paper rolls, lemongrass faux chicken, a vegetable curry chow mein, and brown rice to go.  The lemongrass dish, while a bit meager  -- 13 bite-sized pieces of deep-fried yumminess on a piece of lettuce -- was really tasty.  The rice paper rolls were uninspiring.  The chow mein was okay.  The brown rice was exceptionally good.
2	I'm not a vegetarian, but who can honestly resist any manner of hash slung by a CULT? A cult right around the corner!!!  You dont even have to travel to California.  I came in with a good attitude, ready to acknowledge ( if not worship outright) all appropriate deities - but left a bewildered non believer.  We endured baffling service, and it pains me to say it, because there was not a hint of rudeness. Just communication obstacles that I suspect involved more than language. To make a long story short, we had no idea what we ordered, despite numerous attempts to probe our waitress for such rudimentary information.  It was comic, really, until the food arrived. My mother's Vietnamese entree was more a Greek tragedy of inedibly chewy mock chicken (she had asked several times for something easy to chew). Mine was better, but I've forgotten what it was.  The Seventh Heaven Salad was ok (more like third or fourth heaven) and we both liked the cup of complimentary chicken soup. That was a nice touch, and something we could all understand. It took several minutes to communicate that we wanted a knife. I ordered  Thai iced tea, which unbeknownst to me was 'code' for ice water. It's hard to get too mad though.  Despite the confusion, it's about the cheapest sit down restaurant around.  People seemed nice, in an interplanetary way. We had what amounted to a disappointing pot luck, and the service was extraordinarily weird. Bon appetit !!
2	Uhhh...when is this place open? I can't find hours anywhere and for a 3rd time we tried to go here this past weekend and again.....not open. WTF?!? I am a Vegan living in Phoenix and need to get in here! It's wrong that I have not been here at least a handful of times but everytime we have tried(Friday evening, Saturday afternoon, Thursday evening) over the course of the last 6 months it has been closed. It got 2 stars instead of 1 because it's a vegetarian house in Phoenix, nuff said.Maybe someone will read this and open this place espcially for me so I can stuff my face and change my review to 5 stars, that is what I am hoping for anyway.
4	Ah, the veggie house. The complimentary tea is excellent. I do understand the language barrier being and issue with the waitress on staff. I've had the problem a few times. However If you end up with David he takes very good care. Three strip soup, Lemongrass chicken and the spring rolls are big favorites of mine. The service has always been on the slow side and I've never gotten out of there in under an hour. I never realized it was a cult I just thought they had an real admiration for the woman on the wall, whom I figured owned the place. Anyways I've always found it peaceful not creepy and find it excellent to calm and eat good food for good prices. My omnivore friend begs and pleads to go to this place whenever we're together which speaks volumes to the tastiness.
2	I wish I could give this place five stars, I really do. I've been to all vegan (this place is no, but is close) Chinese restaurants in NY, Philly and Boulder, and was hoping that this would be similar.It took us three tries to even get to eat here, as they have odd hours to start with, and seemed to be closed sometimes when their sign said that they should be open.The first time, we were the ONLY people in the whole place, and it still took us 45 minutes to get served, and another 20 from when we were done until we could get our check. The second visit, there were other people there, but there were more servers, and it took, no kidding, over an hour to even get our soup. AN HOUR.  Our tea pot and water glasses were empty long before that.The food? It's ok.  It's not amazing, but as a vegetarian, it's nice to know that you can eat anything on a menu. The Mushroom Hot Pot was ok but a little bland. I liked the steamed dumplings, but the sauce was a bit odd.Don't forget the odd TVs all around the place playing interesting cult-like clips about Supreme Master Ching Hai and his biddings. Which is kinda cool to begin with, but when you're sitting there for an hour or two, it gets a bit old.I really wanted to like this place, but I can't. We won't be going back unless they get a big overhaul.
5	Of course this place gets all stars from me.Lemongrass chicken is probably my idea of Grand Master Flash Heaven. Speaking of Heaven, also try the Seventh Heaven Salad rolls thingies.Service is slow but by the time I think about it I'm too busy concentrating on the infomercial/yoga session video of the Supreme Goddess Master on the big screen, who never seems to age. Maybe they just switch her out when the last one dies.... Plus there are ALWAYS weird-looking people sitting nearby who order it up something ferocious, and it's fun to discuss what they could possibly do for a J.O.B. with those white-people dreads.That is not to say that service isn't good, because it is.I couldn't believe it, but someone who went to the Veg House with me actually decided right then and there that he liked tofu. He had never had it before that day, save for a few nightmares, which is just unfair.I do wish it were open more, though. Kind of a PITA to drive up only to find the place locked.
3	Cult vibes + delicious lemongrass mock chicken. I try to avoid meat substitutes in general these days but Veggie House holds a special place in my heart.
1	One star for the massive headache I got after I ate the food... MSG?  Not sure.
4	FYI: I just passed this place Saturday, May 15, 2010 and it is now a LOVING HUT chain restaurant.I used to looooooooooove the Vegetarian House's Lemongrass chicken. Salty but absolutely hard to tell it wasn't meat. Great stuff. Hopefully, they don't change the recipe but I'm guessing they will.
4	The food is excellent!!!! Lemongrass chicken is by far my favorite dish. The fried rice is also delicious. I'd give it 5 stars but here are the drawbacks: odd hours (sometimes they're not even open when they should be by their own hours) and long service times despite an empty restaurant. The TVs are always playing bizarre stuff but interesting. All that is well worth the quality of the food though.
3	Took a bit to find this place as I had always known it as the Vegetarian House. Same idea, smaller menu. The service is slow and a bit confusing at times, but friendly. I thought it was a bit overpriced and between an appetizer, and two entrees the Lemongrass chicken was the only thing worthwhile. I'd go back for the lemongrass chicken but I'll probably do take-out next time.
5	If you're looking for vegan food, this is probably the best in town.  They used to be called the Vegetarian House, but they recently changed the name.  For those of you who really enjoyed the Vegetarian House of old, don't worry.  This is still the same place run by Supreme Master Ching Hai--it's just that the chain has changed names.  The food has changed very little.The dishes here still have the same high quality and wonderful taste that they always had.  Their lemongrass vegan "chicken" and fried rice are just incredible.And yes, expect to be bombarded as usual by the normal Ching Hai tracts on her publications and on video.  For more about Ching Hai and her "Quan Yin" method, see here:  http://www.godsdirectcontact.org/ .  For other viewpoints on Supreme Master Ching Hai, see here:  http://www.rickross.com/groups/suma_ching.html .Regardless of your viewpoints on the Supreme Master, the food here can't be beaten for freshness or for taste.  Highly recommended.
2	If you're looking for vegan, this is NOT the best in town.  Sure, everything is vegan, but it's lots of fake meats, some odd flavors, and horrific videos playing on the wall of vegan propaganda.  As a vegan, I choose to eat my lunch without a side of animal-slaughtering videos.  The best thing on the menu: Mu Shu Vegetable appetizer (so good!).  If you're willing to spend a little more, venture over to True Food or even Whole Foods which have lots of vegan options.
3	I never made it to The Vegetarian House and decided to try this location again once Loving Hut took over the space. We went on a Friday night, the space was clean and white if not a bit to stark (adjusting the lighting would work). The food was similar to the other dishes I have had at other Loving Hut locations so at least it was consistent.The only problem I saw was the service. Everyone seemed to be trying hard and remained friendly while at the same time appearing very scatter brained. We noticed people flagging down waitresses as soon as we sat down so we knew something was aloof. It just seemed to be that they didn't have everything together, like it was opening week or something. Things took awhile and you could see the frantic pace to which everyone was trying to get things done, yet the restaurant was a 1/4 full.Maybe they will iron out some of they service issues, the food is still good although the menu is a bit tired - or I may just be tired of it. I should be thrilled with another vegan restaurant in the valley, but the more I sample vegan cuisine outside of Phoenix the more I crave more of that here.
5	Love love love love love this place! I was so impressed with their BBQ Baguette yesterday that I had to go back and see if it was a fluke since I usually can't stand faux meats. Today I had their house fried rice and it was also delicious. The best thing about LH is the fact that they sell their veg meats in the stores (along with some of their sauces and an interesting looking seasoning). So the BBQ veg protein I love so much, I now have a bag of it in my kitchen and my waitress even explained how to prepare it (it's a TVP kind of protein so you just rehydrate it).
4	My husband and I had lunch here today. The service was very slow, which was unfortunate, because it was not that close to work or home for us. They did offer us a complimentary lentil soup, which was delicious. The water was lemon-and-lime-infused, and the tea was surprisingly strong for the delicate color. I ordered the "Spicy Cha Cha" (Yam-based protein, red & green bell peppers, green onions, celery, spicy seasoning, lettuce; $7.95). I had no idea what Cha Cha was, or what yam-based protien is, but what I was served looked and tasted exactly like fried shrimp. It was salty and I'm sure it was a few more grams of fat than I'd prefer, but my, it was delicious.My husband had the Hawaiian Burger (Soy patty, vegan butter, pineapple, teriyaki sauce, mushroom, lettuce, tomato, vegenaise, French fries; $7.95)He said he'd definitely like to come back.I'll echo what others have said about the stark white decor and the flat-screen monitors with the propaganda, although I didn't really see anything offensive. The annoyance factor just increased because of the long time we had to wait for our entrees.
4	Since The Veggie House turned into Loving Hut, I have been twice, and am very delighted at some of the positive changes that have occurred.The space itself is much lighter, and I feel more welcome by the staff. I also like that their food selection is WAY less greasy and has more of a focus on health.I have tried the spicy cha cha twice (it is actually yam protein breaded to look like shrimp) and it is FANTASTIC. I have also had the raw salad, sweet and sour pork, fried rice, one of the noodle soups, and the stuffed tomatoes. All were good, but the stuffed tomatoes could have used a little more flavor. Great portion sizes.They do not serve alcohol, but have some really fun concoctions to drink. Try the "Pink Lady" or the delightful "Sunny Forest."
2	Tonight I tested out the new Loving Hut. I grabbed some To Go, and honestly it wasn't as good as it had been previous times. : (While I didn't see any of the slaughter videos mentioned in more recent review than my last one, I did notice the extra tv running the normal Supreme Master info. The new layout is nice, but I liked the food from before, my sweet and sour faux pork is now labeled "sweet and sour divine" and has bell peppers that it never had before. Three strip soup has been taken off the menu completely (they did make it for me though :) I'm hoping it'll be better if I dine in next time, but for now I'm fairly disappointed with the new Loving Hut and left missing the Vege house.
4	A little different, and quite healthy.  Plus open until 9 p.m., so I am a fan.  My favorite is the fake beef.  I liked the BBQ beef, and the Mongolian sounds good too. The curry was mild, but tasty.  The service is warm and friendly, and she even pointed out the favorites on the menu.  I like when waitstaff has an opinion about the food, especially when the food is unfamiliar.  The veggies are crunchy and the sauces are not too glooey,  too sweet or salty, as some Chinese sauces can be.  It would be nice if they turned down the lights a bit so it feels less like a school cafeteria.  The video promoting veganism and a supreme leader are heavy handed and well, frankly, weird. But hey, the sounds is low enough, and you can sit with your back to the screen and forget about it.
4	Great option for vegetarians although meat eaters might not like the mock meats available....Many mock meat options; I had garlic "chicken" and the GF got spicy chachas, a yam based mock meat dish that looked like breaded shrimp.  It was very good!  Also got wonton soup which was just like the real thing...I recommend this place if you want a more Asian alternative to green!  Just ignore the strange videos of the guru playing....
5	I drive by this place every day...and I was honestly scared to go in until I got a tip from a very reliable source that this place was delicious. I tried simple, sweet and sour chick'n...it was SO GOOD. I told myself I wouldn't become a vegan fast food junkie but this place makes it hard to keep that promise. I came back today to try the Hawaiian burger and it was good. I might do without the pineapple next time...I know that's what's so Hawaiian about it! I just don't like baked fruit...freaks me out...  So with that said, go try it, even if you're not Vegan; a healthy cruelty free meal will do you some good :D
5	The Loving Hut is among my favorite restaurants in Phoenix. My boyfriend and I like to go there as much as we can. The staff are friendly and helpful, the decor is unique and the Supreme Master TV is interesting, and if you don't like it, it's never too loud and you can get a table away from the television.For appetizers, my favorite are the Summer Rolls, but the Spring Rolls and the Moo Shu Vegetables are delicious as well.My favorite entree is the Sweet and Sour Divine, but I'm also a fan of the Philly Dream sandwich, the Stuffed Tomatoes, the Sage Lemongrass, the Noble Broccoli and the Clay Pot Sensation. My boyfriend is also big fan of the Ginger Seaweed Ocean, but it's not really my thing.The cheesecake is pretty good, my boyfriend really goes nuts over it. Also, the pink lady is pretty good, but I usually get water because I'm poor and water is pretty delicious, though tragically underrated.
4	All Hail The Supreme MasterI've always been a meat eater. Love, love, rending cooked or raw flesh from bones or bite size bits from the tips of forks.Was totally amazed that soy protein cooked properly can be just as good,  if not more tasty than meat. If I could eat like this every day I would be a vegetarian; no BFD!The Food at Loving Hut is delicious, the atmosphere intriguing; WTF is the supreme master? She's this righteous chick that loves baby animals and thinks vegan lifestyle rocks, and that you should drive a hybrid.  Call it a cult, then call Mormonism a cult...oh you do?  Well it's not that culty, and it's more personality than anything, along with great healthy food!
2	As a vegan for over 10 years, i hate to NOT support a tried and true vegan restaurant in phoenix. But i have to be honest and say that this place did not live up to my expectations. In fact, it fell quite short. I ate at the Glendale Loving Hut location and had a FAR better experience there, so my review here is only for the Phoenix location. By all means, DO go to the Glendale one! It has a different menu and completely different atmosphere.The phoenix location on Indian School Road has a very drab interior, and very outdated. White metal chairs that looked like they were from the '80s. My first impression walking in was not a good one, and that is important to me. Definitely not a soothing relaxing atmosphere by any means. Also, there was a bad odor in the air. Almost smelled fishy to me. It almost made me lose my appetite to be perfectly honest. Ok, now on to the food. I got the Grilled Teryaki dish. By the way, did i mention prices are also higher at this location? $9.00 was the cost of this dish -- for lunch! Prices are a couple dollars less at the Glendale spot. Anyways, the faux meat in this dish was fine -- nothing to write home about, but it was "good". However, my complaint is that is ALL it was. Just a big pile of fake meat, and a small portion of lukewarm steamed vegetables on the side with no sauce or marinades on them. Just plain vegetables, and they were getting colder by the minute. Not really what i had in mind for lunch and certainly not worth the $9.00 plus the tip. I guess i should have gotten the rice to go with it all, but that was extra money!The complimentary lentil soup was a nice touch, but i've had better lentil soup that i've made myself. The soup too was only lukewarm, and very small cup size portion.The only positive i can say is that the waitress was wonderful and very friendly. I feel bad writing a bad review, but honesty is my policy.
4	From the outside, a strange looking place with a cryptic name. But inside it's a different story. Vegans should be enamored by Loving Hut (I'm not vegan, but occasionally enjoy a vegan meal). The menu is as vast and diverse as a Chinese vegan menu can be. The "proteins," a.k.a. soy chicken, soy beef, and soy shrimp, should win oscars for best actor. Their consistencies and flavorings were great. I started with the fresh garden rolls and had a the New York stir-fry chicken entree. Both were fantastic.The service was also a highlight -- our server took the time to explain the entire menu, and even offered her own recommendations based on our preferences.It's a family-owned place, and I was proud to support them. Even though there was a TV streaming vegan propaganda in six languages, I thoroughly enjoyed my meal and highly recommend this place.
3	I wasn't sure how to feel about this place when we first walked in... the decor is pretty awful, and they must not believe in "atmosphere".  They might consider doing some kind of HGTV make-over show... it is seriously that bland.On the other hand, the service was super sweet and friendly.  The waitress walked us through the menu (our first time there), chatted with our 4-year-old, and even brought him out a free apple juice... just to be nice :)  She even praised us for raising our son as a vegan... we didn't have the heart to tell her that he eats meat - and so do I!I was a little weirded out when I saw the menu and EVERYTHING looked like meat.  When I'm ordering a vegetarian dish, it just seems strange to make it look like a cow.  Even though it wasn't what I had expected, it was still really delicious.  We had the spicy "shrimp", "beef" and broccoli, crispy wontons, and the "hamburger".  Everything was great, and I doubt most meat-eaters could even tell that these were vegan items.  We're looking forward to a return visit... and perhaps take-out on April Fool's Day, to trick my carnivore father into eating something "veggie" ;)
3	I'm in turmoil on who I should rate this place. The decor and atmosphere is two stars. It smelled disgusting when we walked in, like sulfur or rotten eggs. Then the decor is like 1980's, with the white chairs. Oy - then there's the service. I'm gluten-free, and I had some trouble getting that across. She said that all of the soy protein has wheat in it, so she recommended the tofu dishes. I ended up getting the tofu dish with rice noodles and vegetables. I have no idea if there was wheat in the sauce, but at that point in the meal, I really didn't care. I just wanted to order and get the experience over with. The food came out pretty quickly though. My friend got the spicy cha cha (that looks like shrimp but is actually yam) and it was SUPER spicy and I think it tasted like Long John Silver's fried shrimp basket. BUT she really liked it. My dish was pretty okay, although a little bland. The veggies weren't really great either, but for a vegan dish that's less than $10, I guess it was okay.I had planned on getting dessert, but we were given the check even before she asked if we wanted dessert. After I made some statement about it she asked if we wanted any, and told us they only had two out of the four desserts on the menu anyways. We went without it.And yes, they do have the TV running strange vegan propaganda. Very strange, and I don't really want to look at baby pigs while I dine, but it could have been weirder. I guess. SO - for the price, I guess it is decent vegan cuisine. I guess I wouldn't really know seeing as how I LOVE MEAT, but hey, I'm up for trying everything once. I think if the atmosphere and service was better I would have actually liked the dining experience and the food more. If it was better inside, I'd be tempted to go to this place again. Eventually, I'd like to try the dessert. If they offer it to me.
3	Solid 3.5 Stars. The loving hut is a bit odd. I fully agree with everyone who mentioned how off the decor is. We felt like we were in the Sappranos or something with all the 80's white chairs. Also when we first walked in we were slapped in the face by a very off putting smell. The service was pretty decent. She came to our table often. The citrus infused water and the hot tea were terrific! We ordered some spring rolls and wontons to start. They were both ok. I ordered the Hawaiian burger and it was beyond messy, also they put the worlds smallest piece of pineapple on it and it didn't taste fresh at all. Hubs order the Philly steak sandwich and our friend got the spicy cha cha, both said they liked it. We will probably go back again and try some different dishes. I wasn't a total fan of what I ordered.
4	despite a packed restaurant, the food and service was excellent. six of us ordering three appetizers and six entrees. Mongolian delight was delicious, juicy and very flavorful. Aulac Special Salad was easily the favorite of the table. fresh, flavorful and healthy. the fried rice wasn't bad but nothing special. Summer rolls and pan fried dumplings were good. Sage Lemongrass was too chewy and fried tasting, but not bad. looking forward to trying out the other dishes and supporting a friendly humble establishment!
3	Other reviewers are pretty much spot on.  When we first entered, there was a pretty bad smell to the place.  It almost smelled like a sewer... they should look into that.  However, by the end of the meal, we couldn't really even smell it anymore.The decor is also strange.  I really didn't like the TV's with the vegan propaganda running.... having been a vegan myself, and also a vegetarian for some years, I've seen it all - but definitely not while I'm eating.  It doesn't matter if it's vegan food, who wants to watch that while they eat???But!- the saving grace might actually be the food.  It is pretty delicious.  The service was not too bad either.  The server was a pleasant lady who gave me recommendations on the menu.  My boyfriend ordered two of their specialty drinks and they were really yummy.  Overall, the food is good but the atmosphere is lacking.  Service is ok too.  Would I go back?  Probably.However, I've been to much nicer and better vegan/vegetarian restaurants (in Las Vegas, where I'm from).
4	First time at the hut an I'm really impressed with the food! I had the summer roll to start and it blew me away with the flavors and textures it contained. Next came the Mongolian beef (minus the beef!) but it looked and tasted alot like beef. It was scrumptious! I can't wait to come back and try more things! It isnt much to look at inside or out, but they have some great food at good prices. And it's good for you!
4	A few things have stopped me from going vegan in my life and dining out options is one of them. Another is parting with food items I'd miss dearly. I don't eat meat and I hadn't really found any vegetarian restaurant that did fake meat well, until I went to The Loving Hut.It seems like every time we go there our eyes widen and we're asking, "how the hell did they do that?"Last night, they made yams taste like shrimp--not just taste like it, but have the same texture. WTF!?Though this restaurant isn't quite as good as Green, (I'm biased toward American-style food anyway), its food is unique, tasty, and inexpensive.If you're not a vegan, you may feel bombarded with propaganda upon entrance; fair warning.
5	Love this place! Which is hard for me to say of most of the vegan/vegetarian restaurants my mom has dragged me into.The sizzling rice soup is my favorite! I can't believe how amazing it tastes being vegan and how good it make you feel.We always get the summer rolls, sweet and sour pork, and the lemon grass chicken.I haven't been since it changed names but before service was always a little weird. The guy servers there seem like they are so aloof.It's always really clean and the bathrooms are nice too.
5	I've tried to eat here before an it was temporarily closed. Come to find out they were transitioning from vegetarian to vegan. Their menu has quite a few choices, and everything looked good! I ordered the bean curd and my friend got the curry soup and we split one of the summer roll selections. Delicious! Not to mention that they put fresh orange slices into their water so it was a nice, refreshing surprise. All the menu options are very affordable and our waitress was able to answer some questions and help us decide. We arrived when it was very slow but it was picking up quite a bit by the time we were done, and we never felt rushed to leave. I'll be back to try the stuffed tomato!
1	this restaurant is not wheelchair accessible. I have no idea how the food is because there are 2 steps and no ramp.
3	I think the little vegan place with the weird tv propaganda should at least get two stars for setting up shop across from McDonalds.Then allot one more star for the drinks, especially the rose lemonade. It has rose petals sprinkled on top!But i can't justify even a half star for the  food. I guess it qualifies as being vegan, but I'm not sure if it qualifies as food.
4	I went into this place weirdly expecting Pauly Shore to pop out exclaiming, "Welcome tuu the LUuving HuUt"  Please God no. When this was Supreme Master I knew I was in for a long wait and this is still the case, a party had to get their own menus they grew too impatient. Don't expect to be out of here in 45 minutes or under an hour for that matter.Vegetarian meals shouldn't be this hard to find and they are not, this is just another option to consider if you are on this side of town. I have found some items on the menu I can cross off, and some I will always make my regular rotation. Service is friendly but be sure to snatch your desserts before you hit the table, otherwise they will be gone by the time you finish your meal. Cheesecake is very popular and is frequently sold out. Just thought you should know that, before the vultures swarm.The Heaven Rice Rolls $4.00 are okay if you are a fan of the rice paper wrapping, although I did not like the cold, rubbery, not too flavorful texture. The peanut sauce was a compliment to every dish however, and could go on anything (it is supposed to come with a hoisin sauce). The Moo Shu Vegetables $6.95 came differently than how they are supposed to on the menu, it came wrapped tightly again with a rice paper instead of in a wheat Moo Shu skin. Not acceptable.The Sweet and Sour Divine $8.50 (rice separately white $1.00, brown $1.25) was delicious, a true vegan "junk food" delight. Soy protein, pineapple, carrots, and homemade S&S sauce which I thought they gave me a little too much of but that's okay. It looked like real chicken, tasted like real chicken, and although I have been a vegetarian for 8 years, it was reminiscent of the real thing and recreated that memory for me of eating some S&S Chicken. My mom who is not in anyway shape or form a vegan, was shocked by the taste of the dish (she was a butcher for many years).The Guru Curry $7.50 is made like a thin Thai curry so don't expect a thick Indian or Chinese curry. It is soupy but it is very good and is served with a crusty loaf of bread. It is composed of: curry, taro, carrots, potatoes, gluten, tofu.The small trick she offered us about their water is that they cut up a bunch of oranges and put it in the ice water. The Macadamia Carrot Cake $3.95 could have been better if it wasn't so dried out by the refrigerator. It was a delicious cake but they need to throw those out and replace them. With: coconut, carrots, turbinado, sugar, macadamia nuts, spices, coconut cream topping.Please men in the back who kept farting; I know vegans have a lot of fiber running through the digestive tract at an astronomical rate but farting in a full restaurant is in poor taste. Please excuse yourself and go to the bathroom and fart to your heart's content or take it outside. *Disclaimer-none of the people pictured were the purveyors of the gas.All items are 100% vegan, all entrees are under $10, all of their delicious organic juices, milks and teas are $3.50-5.00.  It gets busy on weekends and with the already long wait, prepare to wait or come early.Might be hard to pass up but it is right across from Chuy's, and right in the same parking lot as Desert Jade.
3	This is, hands-down, the most uncomfortably stark, awkward,1980's hospital-esque diner I've ever stumbled upon in my life. The food was tasty and the menu is more varied than any other vegan restaurant in town... but somehow, that doesn't cut it. I thought I knew what I was going to try next time, but in retrospect, I'd rather not subject myself to that atmosphere much more than I'd like to try the soy protein fish.. which is somewhat disappointing, because I really did want to try that fish.
2	Should be renamed The Tofu Hut.  Went here with "mostly-vegan" relatives who recommended it highly.  Restaurant itself feels like a converted fast-food joint.  Service was very prompt and friendly (one star for food, one star for ambience, four stars for service) -- server took time to explain a number of items to my wife.  Biggest disappointment was that almost every dish included (or centered around) some sort of soy protein or tofu.  Hello!  There are tons of ways to be delicious vegan dishes that don't include the abomination (to me) that tofu is from a taste and mouthfeel standpoint.  Wife did not like her faux fish entree, the wonton soup was o.k., as was my veggie Mu Shu.  Next time, it's off to Cafe Lalibela, or any good italian or middle eastern place.
4	Sure the service sucks and it is pretty creepy (it is run by a cult) but that vegan lemon pepper chicken and those spring rolls keep my coming back. Superb!By the way if you like their mock chicken or shrimp (its made of yam and really good) you can find it in a package at LeiLei in Chandler.
4	I love this place, from the cult, to the eerie 80s decor, to the interesting conversations I overheard...it all just makes me laugh...but the food is good and it's cheap. I mean I don't see myself following Supreme Master Ching Hai anytime soon, but I appreciate a good vegetarian restaurant.
4	We were a little skeptical at first, because the parking lot wasn't very full. When we walked in, it was sterile and dated and I would've turned around had the server not smiled warmly and invited us to have a seat.So glad we didn't ditch it based on looks. The food was delicious! Two must haves: Rainbow Salad and the Stuffed Tomatoes.
4	I am not a vegan but love vegetables and would prefer to not eat meat most of the time. This place has the best spring rolls I have ever tasted. My sister-in-law is vegan and I went with her and she liked it too!
4	While visiting in Phoenix, we stumbled upon this place and the lady who must have been the owner was great and even e-mailed up websites to check out being vegan.  This was while the food was being made. We even got some free digs out of the situation. I would recommend if you are in the Phoenix area and if you are a vegetarian or not to try it out.The food wasn't too bad and I went back for the BBQ beef.The food was quite yummy I should say!
4	plain and simple, this is some tasty vegan Chinese food! the location is a little out of place, but the staff are super friendly and food is good. just make sure to check their hours before heading over. CLOSED ON MONDAYS
5	Love love love it!  I can't wait to go back!  The food was awesome, the atmosphere was typical, and the lady who took our order was just too cute.  Definitely a favorite.
4	Here's the honest truth on this place: Good food, nice service, somewhat odd decor. I typically order for pick-up, so I haven't had too much experience eating in this restaurant. On the few occasions that I have been there I have found the servers to be polite and obliging, the food to be hot & tasty, and the restaurant to be clean. Yes, the restaurant does have a religious affiliation that it makes very clear - TV is playing a video on loop, posters of the "Supreme Master" - but, I honestly didn't find it to be as "creepy" or intense as other posters have claimed. I think of it like a family owned Italian or Mexican joint - sometimes there are cultural or religious icons there, too. Anywho - back to the food. If you are vegan or vegetarian you MUST try this place at least once. After living in NY for a while I mourned Phoenix's lack of vegetarian/vegan food, but then I found Loving Hut. While I can't vouch for everything on the menu - I have tried quite a bit and I swear - it gets better every time I eat it! I am a huge fan of the Sage Lemongrass, Mongolian Delight, and Sweet & Sour Divine. YUM.One word of warning - If you are familiar with other Loving Huts: The menu is completely different. I have been to three of these restaurants now and have seen the menu range from Asian inspired to a more Mexican Vibe. This particular restaurant rocks an Asian/American feel. Additionally, some of the names of the dishes are different from venue to venue, so be aware when ordering.
5	I give the Loving Hut 5 stars mostly because of their Sweet and Sour Divine entree. It's like a mock sweet and sour chicken meal. I've visited the hut twice and although planned on trying something different on my second visit, ordered the Sweet and Sour once again. My matey enjoyed the Royal Noodle soup which was spicy, lemongrassy, and topped with plenty of cilantro. The service is friendly and the atmosphere is relaxing with a wall of windows spreading soft light throughout the interior. I noticed that a few people have complained about the religious video (possibly Buddhism? Didn't pay much attention) playing on the widescreen. I say who cares, no one is forcing you to convert to anything. From my experience throughout my lifetime almost everyone preaches something that they believe in one way or another. For me this was about the food, nothing else. Unless they are poisoning the food with some mind controlling substance, who cares!
3	This place is pretty cool, love the eggplant!  Stuffed tomatoes were yuck, but it was a texture thing...and taste thing;).  I also tried the carrot cake, maybe I'm used to the amazing desserts that vegan bakeries have/ the cake was dry with hardly ang frosting; gave it to my dog:(. The feel of this place is like a cafeteria... The people are friendly, the food all vegan (that gets a star). I go there when I'm hungry and by myself- usually see a few people having a meal alone in there... Worth checking out if your vegan or at least foood conscience;) try the eggplant!  I subtracted a star because of the huge tv, it's really annoying.
2	The service was good, but the food was terrible. I prefer healthy green vegan food rather than soy protein product and meat substitutes. The atmosphere is WEIRD! I'll never go back here.
4	The service was great and everyone was so nice! The food is amazing! the best vegetables I've ever had in the area, fresh and well cooked. The ambience is a bit stark and cafe like, but the food makes up for it. I will be here again! Fantastic! Highly recommend.
4	I would definitely recommend this place for vegans and vegetarians.  In town for business and tried it for the first time.  Lentil soup was the best I've ever had.  Sweet and Sour Devine was devine.
5	Yummmmmmm!!!! :) Best vegetarian restaurant in Phoenix!! Awesome, delicious, flavorful , hearty and vegan!! Definitely a restaurant for food lovers. I thought Green was happening and prior to that I was Fresh Mint addict but this place takes the cake! I haven't eaten in yet because the decor is a bit dated but takeout is fast and fantastic only ever takes 10-15 min to get your order made so perfect spot to grab dinner on the way home. Great prices and large portion sizes! Best vegetarian restaurant in Phoenix!!
4	pretty good vegetarian food, though I wish they'd expand their menu to more natural foods as that goes hand it hand for me in regard to eating healthy.overall though, I'd recommend em
5	One of the best vegan restaurants in Arizona.Clay pot sensation, curry soup, summer rolls, heaven rice rolls, Philly dream, BBQ noodles and Hawaiian burger are all excellent.We go to both locations (Glendale and Phoenix) regularly since both have slightly different menu options (Glendale has delicious Pho and their Carrot Cake is incredible).Loving Hut serves amazing food! We have been to locations in San Diego and Orlando and all are DELICIOUS.
4	I'll have to admit. When I hear the words "Loving Hut," I think of perhaps some primitive version of the song "Love Shack": ** If you see a faded sign by the side of the road that says15 miles to the, Loving Hut! Loving Hut yeahI'm headin' down the Phoenix highway, lookin' for the vegan getawayHeading for the vegan getaway, vegan getaway,I got me a car, it's as big as a whale and we're headin' on downTo the Loving Hut... **The song coursed through my head a few times as I ventured in and browsed through the menu (**Loving Hut baby! Loving Hut bay-bee...**). I was on a limited time schedule so I got the lemongrass chicken ($9.50) and a slice of carrot cake ($4.50) to go. Although prices seemed a bit high and that I could get lemongrass chicken made with real chicken for cheaper somewhere else, I was hopeful for a good quality meal. It took maybe 10-15 minutes for it to be made and packaged, and the cake was already prepackaged in their dessert counter. The packaging itself is paper-based and thus eco-friendly, as are their to-go bags. The lemongrass chicken was a generous portion of soy chunks, deep-fried, and then covered in a pungent lemongrass mixture. The texture of the "chicken" was kind of like a mix between fish and chicken, and was tender on the inside. The pieces were nicely seasoned and had a nice outer crunch from the deep-frying. The "chicken" nuggets were placed on a bed of romaine, with a slice of carrot and cucumber. As for the carrot cake, it was also a generous serving, filled with freshly grated carrot and large chunks of nuts. I loved the light, whipped topping. The ingredients themselves were great, however, it did taste slightly dry to me.One thing to note, is that rice is not automatically included with the entrees, and will cost you $1. Off to the side of the cash register, there's a small section of vegetarian goods, such as fake beef and chicken. They even sell a vegan dog food!So, even if you're an omnivore, it's a good place to get a flavorful meal. I doubt you will miss the meat! And remember,**The Loving Hut is a little old place where we can get togetherLoving Hut baby, Loving Hut bay-bee!**
4	I eat lunch here pretty frequently, and the food is excellent.  Highly recommend the stuffed tomatoes. All the stir-fry type dishes that I have had have been excellent. And the prices are extremely reasonable.  When they get crowded (pretty rare for lunch) or have a big take out order, the wait can be long as I don't think they have much in the way of kitchen staff. OK, yes, the whole "Supreme Master" thing is quite strange, but honestly it sort of fades into the background anyway. And yes, the name looks a bit odd on an expense report if you take clients there. Still, the food is great.
5	Winner.You want healthy?  You got it.You want vegetarian/vegan?  You got it.You want your food to taste amazing?  You got it.Service?  You guessed it.A spicy cha cha might sound like something you might want to avoid, but don't look over this menu item at Loving Hut.  I don't even remember what was in it, and frankly I don't care... it was simply amazing.Start with a variety of the spring/summer/egg rolls and get a few different dishes, because you're going to want to try as many as possible.Next time I will definitely start with dessert.  I could see how you'd always end up too full after dinner, but they look too amazing to miss.
5	Incredible! I have gone several times and everything was wonderful!
5	Yummy food and nice people. The Hawaiian burger is divine. Great choice for vegans and vegetarians, as well as carnivores wanting to try something new.
5	I absolutely LOVED IT! The service there is good and so is the environment. A very lovely restaurant. I had the new york charm. It was DELICIOUS :)
1	Freaking out a little. Just got finished eating there. Hairs in the food and I saw a cockroach crawl across the kitchen floor. At least if I get sick tonight I will know why!
5	This place is a less expensive but just as tasty Green. (But no tsoynamis.)Great service, enjoyed the Noble Broccoli, chocolate cake! All vegan, but I went with a non-vegan and he also loved it.Weird white atmosphere, but quiet and clean!
5	We are so happy to have recently discovered Loving Hut...a real treasure!   The selections -which are many- are full of flavor and so very tasty!  Our server Linda was a true sweet heart and was very hospitable and welcoming.  The light and bright atmosphere of the place added to the wonderful experience we had.  Can't wait to go back!
5	The service is great at this location. Out of the different entrees ordered in my group, my favorite was the Spicy Cha Cha. Usually I can't handle hot spicy, but this one was manageable and DELICIOUS! It goes well with brown rice or the House Fried Rice. If you have time and room for dessert, definitely get the Strawberry Cheesecake. It's organic, vegan, and gluten free! It is definitely hands-down the best cheesecake I have had at any vegan restaurant.
4	My first all vegan restaurant!  It was good.  I am giving only 4 stars because most of the dishes have soy in it, which I avoid even more than meat, based on research done by Westin A Price.  However Loving Hut was more than accommodating for my abnormal soy aversion and informed me they had Yam protein, which I ordered and gladly devoured.  The yam protein mimicked or at least looked like shrimp.  The Pad Thai tasted as I expected Pad Thai would taste in any restaurant. The clientele there seem to be abnormally friend and conversation tend to move toward how everyone became vegan, which seems to be brought on first by a bout of bad health issues.  It is a bit odd to overhear so many conversations on the same subject matter, which are almost like small testimonials for the vegan concept.  I say to eat and know you can live without animal protein....!
4	Mmmmmm! I'm having the Spice Coconut Pad Thai as I write this. It's a bit too much for me but that's because I'm abstemious.Just the right amount of spicy. Vegetables cooked to perfection.Great job, Loving Hut!
1	I really would love to give a better rating to a vegan restaurant. Unfortunately, I was disappointed with EVERYTHING. 1. I waited 40 min for a take out (with only 2 occupied tables at that time)2. A guy who ordered after me got a free piece of cake for the long wait. (it wasn't offered to me) 3. Terrible service 4. The decor is something you see in senior houses in Sun City5. Almost all items on the menu have soy protein.. TVP? Is it really something healthy or it's some sort of cardboard pretending to be food?6. They packed my to go order in such a way that the soup turned before I got to my car, soaking thru the paper bag, landing on my pants, and on the sidewalk...  I went inside to tell them that- NO apology, NO money back. I wonder why they are not closed yet.
5	I am not a vegan, but I could eat here everyday!  Great quality and delicious. Very friendly staff!
5	Every time I go to this place, my taste buds thank me. I have tried many different meals, and each one has its own great flavor. I have also tried some of their desserts and drinks, totally tasty. People are super friendly there and it has a nice clean fresh atmosphere. Even my meat-eating husband complimented the faux-meat dish he got. I wish they got more business though, the parking lot is almost always empty when I go. The hours are a bit weird but I can understand it if they don't get customers all day long. If I could afford to eat out every day, I'd go to this place for sure. There are so many things still on the menu that I want to try.
4	So glad I finally tried this place. We ended up having the spring rolls which were amazing. We had sweet and sour "chicken" and pad thai per the waitresses recommendation. The pad thai was okay... I was honestly not very impressed by it. It was a bit soggy and meh. However, the sweet and sour was incredible. I wish we had ordered two plates of that!  I do not normally find myself a fan of faux meats but the flavour was spot on and was absolutely delicious. The only real complaint I have was that it took FOREVER. Our drinks took at least 15 minutes to get, while our food another 45 minutes after waiting 30 for appetizers. They servers were incredibly kind and apologetic as they had two cooks and a restaurant FULL of people. We were starving so it was little annoying as we just wanted to eat when we arrived. But that all being said, the wait was well worth it. I would love to go back and try something else. Also, the chai matcha type drink was so good!!
5	Amazing! The rose lemonade is a must, hands down the best lemonade I've ever had. I tried the rice paper appetizer rolls which were pretty good. For lunch I had the ocean sandwich which was a great pick. My boyfriend had the loving burger and also said that was pretty good. I'd definitely come back if ever back in Scottsdale.
2	I really wanted to love this place, I really did. But it just wasn't meant to be. From entering to leaving it just was not a good experience. The service was absolutely terrible. When we arrived we were not greeted, and it took quite a few minutes before anyone showed themselves to seat us. Once we put in our order it took 30 minutes to be served. In that time we saw people come in and be seated not by the staff, but by people waiting to pick up to go orders. This is simply unacceptable. The food is just okay. The flavor mostly comes from the sauces they use, not from the actual food.  So they can use the same protein sources in multiple dishes and just put a new sauce on it. The drinks however are pretty delish, but clearly not a reason to go out of your way or put up with terrible service. There are better choices for vegetarian food in the valley, and I would highly recommend going to one of them.
5	DON'T LET THE OUTSIDE SCARE YOU AWAY! This place is GREAT! It took a few mins to get seated/acknowledged, but I was in no rush. I got vegan Pho and it was the best I've ever had. If you want to leave off on a lightly sweet note, "Peaceful Pink" is what I recommend. (cranberry juice + soymilk topped with rose buds, SO GOOD!)
5	Excellent vegan food. Very accommodating waitress Linda who adjusted the meal to our allergies and other requests. Loved the fried tofu. Quiet and pleasing atmosphere. May try their Thanksgiving meal
4	I am only giving 4 stars because the wait was very long for our food.  I live 2 blocks from this place and was always surprised it was still open, I never saw any cars in the parking lot.  My dad and I decided to go see if it was open, it was.  The place is very open, and not to bright or loud.  That matters to me, I can't handle bright lights or loud noises.  There was good selection of food.  We ordered soup and an appetizer.  The appetizer came within a reasonable time frame.  Both were very good.My dad ordered something called the Clay Pot, it was not what he expected (looks wise) but it was very delicious.I got a burger, they were out of the normal patty so I got a chick patty on it instead.  The onion rings on it were perfectly fried, and were whole onion rings.  The fries it came with were shoestring and were hot and crispy.  The wait was long, but honestly the food was worth it.  I would give the 5th star but it seems like from other reviews the wait time is a constant issue.I never thought this place was very busy, but while I was there about 10 people came in for to go orders.  I will be returning to this place, the food is wonderful.
4	This place was GREAT and I am not even a vegetarian, let alone a vegan!  Amazing meat substitutions and the flavors were delicious!  We got the Heaven rice rolls as a starter, then BBQ Noodles, Pho, and Sweet and sour Divine to split, and everything was spectacular!!  We also got a smoothie and a vanilla shake, AND a piece of chocolate cake!  YUM!  And, the best part, it is affordable!!     I guess there was a decent wait for the food, but we hardly noticed because we were too busy visiting.  Highly recommend!!
5	The strawberry cheesecake pushed this to 5 stars, so fluffy, so light, so tasty like a whipped cream cheesecake.  Each meal we had here was delicious, they completely accommodated all of our needs - GF, no garlic, no onions - made suggestions, etc.  Best meal I have had on such a restricted diet in a long time.  Loved the spring rolls, wish we had more time in AZ, we enjoyed walking back to the hotel every night after a delicious dinner.
