4	Same as the other Michoacans.  I came on a Sunday afternoon.  Not busy at all, so the service was great.  They bring you a bowl of tortilla chips with fried beans and salsa to always start you off.  My friend ordered the carne asada nachos while I ordered a pollo asada burrito.  The portions are just huge.  We were hungry, but this was too much for our first meal even though it was in the afternoon.  The burrito was simple, but had lots of chicken in it.  This is just good authentic Mexican food.  They also give you a free margarita, beer, or tequila slammer for saying "parangaricutirimicuaro" correctly without hesitation.  I attempted it, and she was shocked because I said it perfectly.  All thanks to four years of Spanish classes haha.
4	This Mexican restaurant  offers all the usual combinations as well as much more upscale fare.   The usual complimentary chips and salsa were served along with a bean dip. Based on a Las Vegas Weekly review, I requested the excellent, though spicy, chipotle salsa. My wife ordered the cammarones dionisia - shrimp in a combination of green chilies blended with sour cream. I chose camarones sarandeados estillo "Tia Estther" pointing to the menu listing rather than challenge my Spanish 101 skills. This dish is not for those with acid reflux, it is shrimp basted in sarandeados sauce with a selection of dried chilies and secret spices blended with a touch of mayonnaise - spicy, but wonderful. Entrees include a cup of delicious sopa fideos (hearty broth laced with noodles), Mexican rice and refried beans. The use of cheese throughout was understated (amen). This is the best Mexican restaurant we have patronized in Las Vegas.
5	This is mine and my husbands FAVORITE Mexican restaurant!When you sit down they bring you chips, salsa and beans, all fresh and good! But we always start off with the Queso Fundido!!! This in itself  is worth the 5 star rating!!! They serve it with fresh (and i mean fresh, they lady makes them right there) tortillas! It doesnt get any better than this people!After filling up on that i usually get the shrimp quesedilla's, always good, but i can only eat one or two of them cause im soo full and bring the rest home for the husband to eat the next day or something.I highly recommend this place for good quality mexican food!!! The service is good, we go there a lot and the waiters know us by face and smile and stop by and say hi when we get seated if we are not in there section!There are a few over the valley and we've been to about 3..ohh no wait 4! the one on sunset is our fav (and the closest to our house) and the one on Decatur is great as well.. the new one on flamingo and fortapache (i think thats where it was) was not our favorite though, it was different and we didnt like the Queso Fundido, which is the best part of it all!!
5	Good mexican food. I'm from Texas. It's hard to find a good Mexican restaurant to eat in Vegas. Luckily, I found this place. Service is friendly. Food is delicious. Price is good.
5	very delicious food, good service, nice atmosphere.
3	Like Helen, below, I'm from TX... I however left here feeling very underwhelemd. We got a platter with all sort of fried things, and some tacos. The tacos weren't good.. they lacked flavor. Sadly out of the platter thingy of 5 different items, we didn't actually like any of them. I do think their crispy taco shells are top knotch though.. Service was just ok.
5	great ambience.  really good mexican food.  had a great time w/ friends here.  margaritas we great.  they had two guys on spanish guitar singing good music.
1	I don't know what authentic Michoacan style is exactly but if it's it's gummy, goopy, and icky, they've got it down to a science. When I go out with friends, we tend to order one of each but nothing here was particularly good and several items were particularly bad. Also, $9 for guacamole? One avocado and some tomato is not worth the money to me. Mind you, I'm not cheap and am often told a very generous tipper to boot but I do expect my money's worth. The waiter was so busy gossiping that the busboy had to attend to us and even though we barely ate more than a bite and voiced our displeasure, they said "Oh" and that was that. Take your $45 somewhere else, even if it's to the grocery store to cook for yourself.
3	I had dinner at Viva Michoacan or "the face" as we call it, about a month ago. Their chips and bean dip were good. The nopales appetizer was good enough, not exciting but not bad. The beef fajitas were really not that good. Service was great and the ambiance was nice, but I am not in a hurry to go back. I went because I have gotten a lot of recommendations from others in the area and I was not impressed. Maybe the fajitas were just not their specialty.
4	What better way to celebrate Cinco de Mayo than with warm chips, fresh salsa, authentic Michoacan dishes, yummy margaritas, Don Julio girls passing our free shot glasses, and an awesome Mariachi band.Now this is a Mexican restaurant I can vouch for.
4	How can anyone miss the big sign of the man at Viva Michoacan?  We've driven by it many times and finally went in for a bite to eat.Upon entering, they asked if we wanted to sit at the bar or restaurant, so we chose the bar.  It's a pretty big open bar area, and we were the only ones dining there. (Although I could see other guests in the dining room section.)Warm tortilla chips along with hot sauce and warm refried beans soon arrived.  I love when refried beans are served upfront.  It's just the littlest thing, but I love it.* #15. Tangancicuaro "Three folded corn tortillas filled with beef, chicken, or cheese.  Simmered in our delicious Spanish sauce, topped with monterey jack cheese and sour cream." ($12.99) - The Husband chose this one for our late lunch and asked for one of each among the beef, chicken or cheese question. It also came with a soup.  The soup was a simple noodle soup that the Husband really enjoyed.  When he cut into the cheese tortilla, cheese was oozing out and he was really enjoying it.  He wasn't a big fan of the chicken one though, and left that alone.  I thought the rice was a bit hard, while he didn't touch any of it.* Tacos Baja Kilos "Green tacos! Iceberg lettuce leaves filled with your choice of fajita vegetables, grilled chicken, or grilled steak." ($11.69) - It also came with a salad, sliced tomatoes, diced cucumbers and sliced avocados, however I didn't seen any cucumbers in mine.  I went with the grilled steak option and was pleasantly surprised when it arrived.  It was nicely presented in three lettuce cups and grilled veggies were also thrown in there too.  When I bit into my lettuce cup, I was impressed with the taste.  It was good and I would definitely order it again.Service was good - our waitress/bartender came and checked up on us, another gentleman brought our food over and she thanked him, and two other women also came to check up on us.  So, we were covered pretty good.3.5 starsHappy Hour: Monday through Friday, from 3 pm to 5 pm; discounted beers, and $4.99 appetizers
3	Food:Food was good but I have had better.  Was a little bland.  It could be what I ordered?  I had three wrapped burritos.  The chips and bean dip were very good!Atmosphere:Good for a date or a family get together.  The staff is very friendly and my waiter was always checking up on us.  They had a live band playing.  Singing Spanish songs.  The three guys were great.Price:The specials range from 9.99 to 25.00 If you go outside the specials you are looking at 25 and up.
3	Viva Michoacan recently changed ownership.  Used to be awesome, but some of the techniques seem to have left with the last owner.We had a coupon, so we recently went here.  Had chicken chimichangas, chili rellenos, enchiladas (chx), and a burrito (chx).  Our table mostly agreed that these items had been better in prior visits.  The food is now more bland, as noted by prior reviewer.  Portions are now perhaps a little smaller, though still large enough.  Prices have increased over the last year or so.  We used to be 1x/mo regulars.  Now we would probably go back again if we had another coupon, just to see if they still know how to make their formerly-very-good mole.Service is still outstanding and the chips and salsa are tasty.  Waiters keep drinks refilled and are always friendly.
5	I grew up in Texas eating Mexican at least once a week. I can honestly say that this is possibly the best one I have ever been to. Everything about the food was amazing. Fresh tortillas made and brought to you hot, along with fresh guacamole made right at your table. Also, the only place I've ever been to that offers free bean dip with your chips. I had a steak with green tomatillo sauce, of course with torillas/beans/rice/pico. Fantastic meal. Definitely my favorite restaurant in Vegas.
5	i was born and raised in texas where mexican food is as good as it gets. ever since i moved to the vegas area, i have had a hard time finding good mexican food or even good hot sauce for that matter! viva michoacan reminds me of texas in so many good ways. the salsa, beans, chips, tortillas, and all of the entrees that i have tried are fantastic. i will continue to visit viva michoacan again and again and again!
5	Awesome Guacamole - prompt service - great prices - wonderful ambiance!!!!!!
5	As good as it gets for Mexican food. Excellent variety on the menu, authentic taste, great vibe, fast and efficient service.I had a chicken burrito, lame - I know - but super good. They made the guacamole tableside, chopped in jalapenos... just the way I like it.Excellent guacamole, I'll come back here solely for that.
4	This restaurant is a sister property of the local Lindo Michoacan restaurants. I've never been to any of them, but went here last night and was very pleased. The salsa was a little hot for my taste and I'm not sure the chips were homemade, but they also serve an awesome bean dip with this chips and salsa, so I was pleased. They also give you a bowl of some noodle soup which was pretty decent.I started out with a Timo's Cadillac margarita, on the rocks, of course. It was excellent! Very nice amount of alcohol and any margarita with Grand Marnier and Triple Sec is going to be awesome. I had the three-enchilada combo and got one of each chicken, cheese, and beef. Muy Delicioso, and I don't normally go for enchiladas. They were SMOTHERED in cheese, so not exactly healthy, but what Mexican food is healthy? Another cool thing is they serve breakfast all day. A friend of mine ordered Huevos Mexicanos at 8pm and was very pleased. It was Saturday night, so they had a live band; three Hispanic guys walked around the restaurant with three guitars singing some songs in Spanish. They were excellent! On your way out, be sure to pick up one of the white Pina Colada candies at the hostess stand.
4	If you are stuck in Henderson, and are craving Mexican food, then I suggest you try this place (thanks other Yelpers for the suggestion).  Coming from San Diego where we have great Mexican food, this place passes with flying colors/flavors.  The outside decor was a little strange with a large circular photo of the owner embedded in the sign, but don't let that throw you off.  It is a nice family owned restaurant with good atmosphere.Besides the normal chips and salsa, they serve you salsa plus bean dip and they keep your chip bowl refilled.  They also serve each of you a mexican soup before the meal which was unexpected, but a great appetizer.  Margaritas are a must and they have reasonably priced Patron versions.  The flour tortillas are super thin and very fresh tasting.... so you won't go wrong getting something with fresh tortillas.  I had fajitas and they were quite tasty.  You can't go wrong with this place.
4	Excellent, yum.  the soup served with the meal is so tasty!  I had the tilapia with a garlic sauce.  Muy bueno!  Dan M.'s review says everything I would agree with.  Try it, you'll like it.  They have a great wall showing off all the tequilas they serve.
4	We went here orig. on a Sunday a.m. and had the menudo, yum. It was way better than the Roberto's Tacos menudo which was full of fat more than meat or hominy. Yuck. My bf ordered a beef taco plate but was so covered in onions (if u like that sort of thing) This chips and salsa are pretty good, not a big fan of the flavor of the beans that came on the side. The nxt time we went I had the menudo again and my bf had the #2, which the beef enchilada was the best, followed by the tamale and the taco was in last place. They had a singer there and he made the ambiance feel so authentic, almost felt like I was back in San Antonio at the Mercado/ Market square.  Its the only place Ive gone to in LV that was playing mexican music! I loved the feeling this place gives you and the staff is super accomodating and makes sure you always have enough beverage, chips, tortillas, etc.  They also had great breakfast specials from 8-11 am. Sadly though we arrived at 11:01 so maybe next time!  ooh and they also had a book of mixed drinks that make the mouth water. but.. I had a lot of errands to run that day so maybe another time.
5	Stopped in here for the first time today, and I'll definitely be back. This is authentic Mexican food with a nice enough atmosphere. The service was quick and attentive. The guacamole, which they prepared tableside, was hands-down the best I've ever had. Everyone in our party enjoyed their dishes (and the tasty soup they served beforehand).The only problem I can think of is that I ended up eating way more than I should have.
4	Yet another Mexican restaurant my mother dragged me off to. I thought it would be nothing worth writing home about........But now I have found a Mexican restaurant I actually ENJOY, and not merely "like." This place is on Sunset, halfway up the hill, in the old building that once housed Carver's Steakhouse. It is a good-sized restaurant, and thanks to its large selection of seating you don't often find yourself waiting for a table. The food here is top-notch. Every Mexican place has chips and salsa, but this place has the best salsa on Earth. They have a strong assortment of chicken dishes, which seems to be something a lot of places have trouble doing. The Pollo Sarandeado and Pollo al Mojo de Ajo are to die far. Additionally, full entrees come with a cup of Fideo (noodle) soup, which is also excellent. My complaints are minor. First and foremost, a lot of the time (and this is not uncommon with Mexican dining), musicians are often wandering the building, playing loudly. They are talented, no question, but this does disrupt the ambience. Additionally, the staff sometimes seem to have trouble following directions (this could potentially be a language barrier issue.) Last time I got a lemon on my water even though I loudly and clearly asked for NO lemon. While this is merely annoying for me, it could be serious for someone with a citrus allergy.Still, the good by far outweighs the bad. I have finally found a Mexican restaurant I actually enjoy going to. A firm recommendation for this place despite some minor flaws.
2	Meh describes it perfectly from our experience. Went there for lunch today and don't have a whole lot good to say about the experience although nothing terrible either... The service, like the food, was just mediocre and lackluster.First off the A/C was set to about 65 and I like it cold but BRRR!!! Chips & salsa came and I'm not a big fan of the burnt flavor Roberto's salsa that they serve. Wifey got the taco salad and said it was OK but definitely not as good as Viva Mercado's or Garduno's. I got the steak fajitas and they were a big disappointment. Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat. The guac and the flour tortillas were very good and were definitely made fresh, yum!After all that I'm afraid we won't be going back as there are much better options in the Valley.
5	Been a here a few times--most recently with the girlfriend. I've had their steak in ranchero sauce (which was wonderful) and this time decided to get the steak cooked in green chile sauce served with rice, beans, and a cheese enchilada. My girlfriend ordered the chicken enchilada served with rice and beans. I absolutely love this place. I'm not sure what the soup is that they serve at dinner time but it's decent. I like the fact that you get chips and salsa AND hot bean dip as well if you are so inclined. The mariachi music can be a bit loud but they are pretty talented musicians I must say. I ordered a lemonade to drink and thought it was quite well made. The steak, as usual, was cooked perfectly to order (medium rare at my request) and I could taste the unique mexican seasonings in every bite. The freshly made guacamole is savory and went surprisingly well with my steak. The beans were garnished with cheese and were savory with the rice. The enchilada was juicy and just downright fantastic. My girlfriend enjoyed her meal as well. I am originally from southern California and I have yet to experience a Mexican restaurant as good as this one. 5 easy stars.
3	Tried the carnitas michoacan ($16).  It was good, but workmanlike in quality.  Not as good as its description.  Not a Rick Bayless type of dish.  Came with only 2 tortillas (4 would be great).  Enchiladas acceptable, as usual.Service here always great.  Chips, beans, & salsa are excellent & drinks stay full.Main complaint about VM is that it's overpriced compared to food quality, but still a good place if you don't mind the prices.
4	just an update b/c I have been back several times since my original review. We went on mother's day and they were having a sunday buffet. We ordered it b/c they had menudo and posole and rice pudding and they were all sitting nxt to ea. other. nice.. it was great. delic. rice pudding but you know its hard to keep all your food warm, esp. for a mexican food buffet. it was good just not everything was warm or fresh. (not their fault i guess). they do serve made to order quesadillas. we tried a nopal one - omg so good.  I stand firm their menudo is so far the best in town that i've tried (from pepe's tacos, roberto's, Los molcajetes, Sam;s Town buffet & the Orleans buffet) but orleans buffet and sam's town were both pretty damn good I gotta say. probably neck & neck witht his place.  I've come back several times for the menudo. I've also had the beef fajitas. really good. came to the table sizzling. I'd order it again but kinda pricy for the amt you get. It wasnt so much food you can share as in other restaurants when you order fajitas. I picked at it and it was almost gone. Wasnt worthg etting a to-go box. For this reason I probably wouldnt go there for dinner again just b/c of the $15.00 minimum for dinner plates. ahh..ehhh.. i can find cheaper for the same quality. but all in all. great food. best mexican food i've tried in town. oh and yes the fideo soup is awesome get that instead b/c i ordered a dinner salad with my plate and it had chopped onions .. chopped so finely you couldnt pick them out.
3	This place is hit or miss. I've been here a few times and sometimes my order was good, sometimes not. I do recommend getting the stuffed fish...that was delish!  Also on Sundays they have a brunch buffet with chilaquiles and the like (even pan dulce) for like $12 pp...not too shabby!
4	Este' Yummy (I know, my Spanish is horrible, what can I say, I'm Canadian!) I love this place...You know those nights when no one wants to cook and everyone is hungry and your close to broke...where should you go....HERE! LOL. You get so much food for the money and they even start you off with a tasty noodle soup and chips and beans. Everything I have tried from here has been great and everyone I have brought there has loved it.Most nights they even have live music and the bands will come right up to your table to sing. Issss very niiiiice.The atmosphere is very Latin and full of color and spirit. They have a full bar area as well as dining for the family. You got Ta - Co ( like to go :)
5	This food is delicious!!! The chips & salsa are to die for. The service at this location wasn't as good as the location on Desert Inn, but what service is? Nice authentic atmosphere, friendly people & great food - how can you go wrong?
4	I always end up here to fulfill my craving for Mexican food. You really can't go wrong with any of the entrees. My absolute favorite is the Pollo Serandeado Tia Esther. It's a hearty helping of grilled thin chicken breast with an unbelievably tasty sauce. The sauce is what really makes this dish stand out from the rest. I love the flavor and the spice. Would you prefer another protein besides chicken? Well, you can ask for the same sauce on steak or shrimp or fish.More reasons to love this place: the flour tortillas are made fresh. And don't forget to request the habanero salsa with your chips, but only if you can handle the heat!
5	Everytime we've been in we have had acceptional service! Recently brought my mom in for dinner (who was visiting from Florida)  on a Friday night (she HATES crowds) and she said "I would search this place out next time I'm in town." They have great food and it is very very fresh. I Highly recommend the guacamole!
4	Overall I would say this place is nice place to have friday night dinner with the whole family. Inside in very spacious with a lot of tables so good for big groups and it has a nice atmosphere.Meals come with chips, salsa, and a bean dip. Yum! Also, if you order an entree it comes with a cup of noodle soup which was pretty good. The portions here are HUGE so maybe consider ordering your dishes A la carte (which means without the sides of refried beans and rice). I ordered the carne asada tacos which were so good. The meat wasn't too salty (which is the case a lot of the time) and the tortillas were so fresh. This restaurant makes their tortialls in house and you can smell the freshly made tortillas instantly when you walk inside. Their menu has a lot of choices too so there are a lot of options to please almost everyone. It took me a good 10 mins to decide what I wanted to order. This place definitely satisfied my mexican food craving.
5	Their bean dip is awesome.  If you want arguably the best tasting mexican food in Las Vegas, come here.
3	We've been here a few times, and I have to say the 3 stars are an average of our visits. I don't find them consistent. Our first visit was very good, and what lead us to return. The highlight was the ceviche. Super bright and fresh, and very plentiful. The four of us shared it and had plenty. The daughters loved the fideo as well.Next visit, was ok. The guac was good., enchiladas not bad. Our most recent trip was a mixed bag. The fideo was a salt lick. The girls bean and cheese burritos were good. The guac was excellent. Phil and I each ordered one of their signature steak dishes. He ordered medium rare, I ordered rare. His was cooked perfectly and was very good. Mine was the sole of a shoe. Not only not rare, it wasn't even pale pink...just ash grey. I don't usually get fussed about such things. If it's any kind of medium, or at least juicy I'll just eat it anyway. If it's really well done, I'll politely send it back (these were thin steaks, about a half inch, so they can get away from a chef if not watched). I sent it back, the waiter said no prob, then shortly after brought me out a piece so rare it was red on the outside! hardly any of the meat had even changed color from the heat. We actually started laughing because we couldn't believe the nerve to even carry it to the table. A second server rushed over and couldn't believe what I'd been served and tried to insist I send it back again. Uhhhhh.... NO! lol... not bloody likely!The place has a few bright spots (the bean dip several yelpers mentioned is pretty good), but with a surly chef in charge, there is no way I'll go back.
2	My fiance and I felt like Mexican sounded good tonight so we tried this place out.  The service was slow, and the food was rather bland and dry.  The portions are big, and we ended up taking home leftovers that probably won't get eaten.  I'd recommend fast food like Roberto's over this place.
4	Overall our dinner at Viva Michoacan was a pleasant experience. The restaurant has a nice atmosphere and the service is quick. Plus a mariachi band playing = bonus star.We had a dinner of chicken tacos, a beef burrito, a beef tamale and a beef soft taco. The chicken tacos, according to my GF,  were "muy delicioso" which I think means she liked them. While hot, my beef tamale and burrito were good, but upon cooling the shredded beef became stringy and harder to chew. Even so, the general quality of the food felt good. I'll just avoid the shredded beef next time.
5	Great place to eat.  Service very quick.  Large menu.  Love the bean dip.   Had sopes an enchilada.    Enough for two.
4	Yum!  Salsa is divine and you get bean dip as well with the chips!
4	We went here last week while in Vegas and you cant miss this place.. the outside has the owners face on the front sign.  We sat down and the waiter took our drink orders and some how he wasnt all there because he was bouncing around like a fish out of water. Guess he was just there for drinks.  He gave my iced tea to my friend, and went to get me another one.. yeah.. I know.  Waitress came over to order our food and used some little electronic device (pretty cool).  I dont know.. for some reason I got the impression she was a little.. pissy?  She seemed impatient.  Maybe that's just me.We get the food and guess what.. it was actually pretty good.  I ordered a chimichanga with rice and beans.  Pretty simple, but i like simple things. My girlfriend ordered a lemon drop martini with her cheese crisp and hated it I guess.  Cheese crisp was good though.We had the honor of having some Mariachi guys play for us.  They were awesome!  For that along, Im bumping my original 3 stars to 4 stars.
4	Yet another great local Mexican Restaurant. The food was great, the waiter was friendly. Only reason I dinged them a star was because it took about 5 minutes to refill my water on a slow afternoon.I had  the combo with the Pork Burrito with Guacamole, a Chicken Taco, and a Cheese Enchilada. The Pork Burrito was my favorite, although the guacamole a bit odd as it was not a sauce rather whole bits of avacado with lime on it. Honestly, made it taste better in my opinion, complemented the pork extremely well.Additionally, the chicken taco and cheese enchilada were extremely well made, although largely unremarkable for any particular unique qualities. Chips and salsa before the meal were also great, although the bean dip is only okay. Overall, great food to be had here!
1	This was the worst tasting Mexican food I've ever eaten! I tried the chicken in mole and beef tongue in green sauce. My daughter and I left the food there and paid our bill. We will not go back. Ick!
5	Viva Michoacan is definitely my family's favorite mexican restaurant in Las Vegas. Every time they visit me in Las Vegas, we make sure that this restaurant is in our schedule of events :) The food is incredible...guacamole is to die for and the ambiance is fantastic. And sometimes you even get a treat of the music/band....that one singer can really hold a note :) I hope he is still there. Anyways, I strongly recommend this restaurant to anyone that appreciates authentic mexican food. "Table for 1?...umm yes please!" ...no shame in my food game. LOL!
5	My family calls it "The place with the face" because Viva Michoacan is tricky to say and there is a giant picture of a guy's face on the marquee. I have to say I am impressed that it is one of my family's favorite places to go! It is authentic Mexican. The food is phenomenal, I have had the Goat Leg soup as well as Chimichangas and a lot in between. Never had a bad time. They make the guacamole at the table and explain the process to you. I have never been here without a large group and they are always excellent, never messed up an order! Margaritas are strong and the Negro Modelo is cold. If you are in Henderson (Vegas' Tempe) or Vegas go and get the food here! You will not be disappointed!
5	Excellent food and service!  I've been here too many times to count and had a consistently great experience!
5	06/20/11 DINNER. Spouse and I both started with Cadillac margaritas, which were good and reasonably priced. We shared Nopalitos, a cactus salad served with flour tortillas, which was quite good, including the tortillas, handmade just feet away from our table. For entrees we each had a different shrimp dish. Spouse had the Camarones al Cognac, unusual to find french ingredients in a mexican place, this was very good and rich. But I think we both liked my shrimp dish more, the Camarones Sarandeados Tia Esther, which was shrimp in a butter sauce with unusual herbs and spices, and a touch of mayo (which was so incorporated you couldn't see it). Again, rich, but more flavor than the Cognac. The last time we dined here (Dec 2010, which was also our first time) the service was erratic, but this time it was excellent. Overall an excellent experience.
5	so many times driving by this place.....and each time thinking this place seems silly...who would have a giant face on the front of thier business staring down motorists?I guess when your food is that ridiculously good, go ahead and post whatever you want on your business!!My recomendation for this place is not only because it is huge, has a beautiful interior and super friendly staff--no, no--the food is damn good.I went for breakfast and ordered a pork machaca (an egg scramble) which came with rice, beans and freshly made tortillas along with a larger than life horchata for around $10. My significant other had the Huevos con Chorizo...and that too was dynamite.I know I'll return to Henderson in September and will definitely stop by this place again for my Mexican fix!!
4	best mexican food ive had in a long time...the service is hit or miss, i waited for 30 min to get the check when i was there.. i just left what i thought was the amount owed on the table and left...   also do not sit anywhere near the band you wont be able to have a conversation...
5	Great local Mexican restaurant. The ambiance and decor of this place were great. Really cheerful and fun environment. They even had a gentleman who sang and played guitar. nice touch!The food was fresh and tasty and my margarita was strong!The wait staff was very attentive. This is my new local spot for Mexican food!
5	I was kinda of scared because a lot of Las Vegas is filled with chain restaurants or fancy fusion restaurants that are wholly insufficient in delivering this kind of food.I think I found my favorite Mexican restaurant. They did everything right. Good salsa. Good beans. Homemade corn tortillas. Even the little side salad was atypical for a Mexican restaurant, it was good. And we haven't gotten to our meal yet! Which ended up being great!The folks that work there do a good job and checked on us regularly.
5	This is the most amazing Mexican food restaurant I have ever, ever eaten at... Their food is incredible... I left Las Vegas 3 years ago and moved to LA and have eaten at 50 plus Mexican restaurants including the Velvet Taco and other such trendy places in Hollywood... Nothing beats this place... I am going to Vegas for a meeting... I am eating here...I lived down the street.. I ate here 3 to 4 times a week... Try the Steak Cognac... I wish they were in LA... They would KILL...
4	We ate here for the first time tonight. Pretty good...... I think I like Lindo slightly better, but they are pretty much the same thing.
4	I went here for the first time a couple of days ago. I used to live at the apartments right down the street and still never came here until recently. I went with a friend and when we walked in, there was no one at the host stand. We waited about two minutes and a girl seated us. There was a small mariachi band playing at a table. That was pretty cool. There really weren't many people inside eating. There had to be 5 tables maximum. The busser came over and took our drink orders and got us chips, bean dip, and salsa. We both got horchata. That was some of the best horchata I've ever had. The salsa was so bomb. I ended up saving a bunch and pouring it all over my food. I ordered huevos rancheros because I was craving some breakfast food for dinner. My friend just watched me eat. Seriously though, the waitress didn't even walk over to our table and talk to us until at least 20 minutes after we were seated. The busser was running the whole show. He was all over the place refilling drinks and running food. Overall, the waitress sucked and the busser was awesome. Once my food arrived, I was a happy camper. The huevos rancheros were so good. With the salsa from the chips, that threw it over the top. I am totally a fan of this place. In the end, I tipped the waitress a dollar (my meal wasn't expensive anyway) and I handed the busser 10 bucks. He deserved it way more than she did. If you ever have time to just chill and you're in no rush what so ever, then come on over. I will definitely come back one of these days.
5	On Saturday and Sunday they offer a brunch Buffett which is amazing.  This place is a must try if you like Mexican food.  Included with the buffet is all you can drink margaritas or another selection or 2.  This place is really great anytime but for a buffet it blows the casino's away.  Fresh made to order quesedias as well as a few other items.  This is a must try place.
3	Not sure where to eat dinner last night, we decided on one Mexican restaurant, instead though, we went to a place we keep driving past.The interior is very bright and colorful, many decorations on shelves, an attractive wine cellar/vodka storage area adds to the room. We were seated almost immediately, and had drink orders in short order. Chips, salsa and bean dip came out straight away too.The menus had us perplexed though, as prices were different on both of them. Drinks were listed as 0.00 on one, absolutely blank on the other. Refill prices were listed as $1.00 and $1.50 for special drinks, and some of the food was inconsistently priced too.Their menu offers a wide variety (almost too much!) of combination plates, dinner platters and a la carte items. The prices were a little on the high side for Mexican food, but it smelled so good, we stuck it out. Our server is one of those that tries to remember your order, without writing it down. I say try, because he forgot what my wife had ordered by the time he finished inputting my meal.We were surprised when soup was brought out after the orders were input. It was a tomato based soup with some form of pasta, was pretty flavorful, but nothing mind blowing.Our food came out, we both looked at each other and wondered how we would eat so much food. However, her steak was not worth $15.99 for the plate. My combination was good, yet lacking in some flavor. I had the #6 - chicken tostada, enchilada and taco. The taco was not greasy so much, as it almost seemed watery. It was an odd flavor, and the taco shell was falling apart as I attempted to eat it.We will give this place a shot again, and will go for some other plates, and not fill up on chips and salsa before, which was good, if not a touch spicy. Personally, I prefer a chunky salsa, and would have enjoyed it more if that was offered too.
5	Amazing!!! I was skeptical but they won me over the food is REAL MEXICAN FOOD!!! Great service! They made me feel like family, our server was soo sweet he kept bringing delicious samples of drinks and desserts.  Next time I visit Vegas this restaurant will be a priority! GREAT GREAT GREAT!!!
2	Judging from all the recent positive reviews, I think we went on the wrong night or something.  The food wasn't anywhere near 4 stars...not even near 3.  The server was rushed, and didn't really come back to check on us until the end.  The food was just okay but definitely NOT worth the $$.  I can go down the street to Super Mex and eat off their $5 menu and it's 100 times better.  I paid $8 for nachos - with no meat.  They skimped on the chips and they put this bland red sauce on it that made the chips soggy by the time it reached the table.  There was like a tablespoon of sour cream, guacamole and pico de gallo.  I could barely find the cheese and beans.  My boyfriend got a combo plate and he said it was just okay.  We both agreed for the price we could eat at a Robertos and have better quality and pay less.  I would NOT recommend this place and I don't understand how it has 4 stars....unless we just went on an off night.
4	Excellent service and great food. A definite stop for dining off the strip!!
5	So my girlfriend (a mom of 2) is a fanatic for Mexican food and it is Mother's Day so we had to try it.  GREAT PLACE!  From the moment you walk in you know you're in an authentic Mexican restaurant (decor, music etc.)  Everyone (except my lil one) tried something outside of their comfort zone and loved it!  The service was incredible and this was even more impressive since it was a packed house (Tip: Make a reservation).  We must have been asked 5x if everything was okay which some may think is annoying but I appreciate this in a restaurant and it shows a willingness to correct anything that may be wrong before the meal ends.  We'll definitely be back and would recommend it to those wanting a good experience and good food.
5	Just to clarify Viva Michoacan on Sunset Blvd and Lindo Michoacan are NOT the same restaurant! Viva Michoacan on Sunset offer great food and impeccable service at a reasonable price.  Try sitting in the bar for dinner, I'm sure you will be taken aback at haw nice the bartenders are and the quality of their drinks.
2	We came here last night after our friends raved about it. Ummm yeah nothing to write home about. I ordered their "famous" carnitas. They were nice, but nothing special. They came with a teaspoon of guacamole which was tasty...just was not enough for even one taco. Tortillas were homemade and beans were good so that is why they got one star. They had a guitarist playing who was decent, so they get the other star for that. Otherwise it was too hot inside, food was average, margarita had zero tequilla and service was slow. We wont be back.
3	This place was just okay. I guess I am used to going to Mexican restaurants that only take a few minutes to manipulate a few ingredients into whatever it is that I ordered. Not the case here and I'm not sure why--it took around 30 minutes for our (very simple) food to be delivered. The bean dip--it was refried beans in a bowl. Maybe sometimes it is different and unique, but it's nothing special. My dad really liked the beef burrito and the chips and salsa were good, but I'm not sure I'll be back.
3	This review has been edited since I originally mistook VIVA Michoacan for LINDO Michoacan.Granted I have not been to VIVA for some time I distinctly recall the food being of good portion and tasty.  Slower but passable service times. All staff were polite and helpful.Decent margaritas.I do recall the roaming musicians to be a bit loud and forward in their approach but entertaining...as long as they keep some distance. Seems they are really "hovering" for tips which is a turn off.Gave 3 stars to be fair to the quality of food at the time.Given it's out of the way location you aren't likely to run into the typical dinner "mob" at more prominently located establishments.Speed up service a bunch, restrain the musicians a bit and more "stars" will appear.
4	My friends invited me out to "the face" for lunch. I was wondering what the heck the face was, and they told me the name of this place. Then I got here and realized what they were talking about.I haven't been to Mexico, but it seems like you might expect a restaurant there to look like this (see TC S.'s photo). Service is friendly enough and pretty efficient. I got the burrito lunch special with beef, and it was pretty darn good. The plate (which comes out hot - careful!) has burrito that appears relatively small, but that's because the beans and rice and whatnot are spread out on the place and are intended to be eaten with utensils. I also greatly enjoyed a sample of my friend's fish dish (forgot what it was called), and apparently they make some good shrimp as well.I'd definitely recommend this place for anyone who wants something a bit higher class than Del Taco and more authentic than Chipotle
4	In the Henderson / Las Vegas area that is serious lacking in good Mexican restaurants, this is a small diamond in the rough.  My Mexican food critiques are biased against So-Cal / Orange County restaurants.  In that area, I'd give it 3 stars.  If you are in the Vegas area and are looking for a good restaurant, you probably wont want to pass this one up.  The service was excellent -  which is a big plus.  The food is above average.  I got the Carne Asada tacos which were very good and very authentic.  My wife got a cheese enchilada which was a little on the saucy side, but still good.  If you don't like Mariachi bands then you might not like this place, but I actually found it more entertaining than annoying (no trumpet player helps).
4	Chips with salsa and refried beans were good. The noodle soup that comes with meal was tasty. The carne a la tampiquena was very good. Steak was cooked medium well and was tender and juicy still. Overall a good meal. Would also recommend the lemonade. Very refreshing :)
5	We love going there. Great atmosphere with the mariachi band on weekend. The food is great..espically the chips and salsa. I usally order the tilapia fish and its always fresh and large size fir only $ 14.00 fir whole fish with salad and two side dishes plus soup. Two people can share. Great service!
5	Located 2061 West Sunset Road Henderson, NV just off sunset and sunset.  This location is just a bit hidden but just and welcoming as the other locations.  On this trip I ordered that same as the last just to check the consistency factor.  I must say my No. 9 Cheese Enchilada & Beef Taco was every bit as good as the Lindo Michoacan location.  The Sala again was the start of the meal.  I think we are going to make these out new favorite Mexican Cuisine locations.This location has closed.
4	Great as always!!!!
5	Love this place!! Fresh Tortillas, great chips and salsa, good food! I'm just glad this place is only close to work and not my house or I would be a giant Gordo. I recommend the Timo's Special or the fajitas.. so good!!
5	So glad we went here after driving passed this place 100's of times. Trusting my fellow Yelpers & their reviews, my husband and I went there last night. We were seated right away and as soon as we sat down, the waitress gave us our menus & took our drink orders. The waitress was amazingly nice & we were sung to by a father-and-son mariachi band. The food was amazing and the homemade tortillas were so good that we bought 1/2 dozen to take home & have with our leftovers. The food portions were also perfect, leaving us a little taste for the next morning.  Since we live down the street from here, I can definitely see this becoming a regular spot for us.
5	If you want to eat real traditional Mexican food , this is the place to go......very very good food and excellent service .....
4	It's been a surprisingly difficult venture to find good Mexican food in the Henderson Area. There are lots of crappy chains or places that just have a walk-up counter but no bar. I'm sorry but usually if I want Mexican it's because I'm also craving a Margherita. So the other night after much shopping, I was in the mood for someone else to cook and hand me beverages. I decided a Mexican sounded good so I searched Yelp for restaurants in the area. I got this one and one other. I was on my way, they were fairly close to each other, when I saw this one and decided to stop. SO GLAD I DID.First off it was Friday night and they had a fun Mariachi band playing in the dining room which could be clearly heard from the bar. The bartender quickly came over and got me a drink. I swear that Margherita was so good. I practically sucked the whole thing down in a matter of minutes. I perused the menu, while enjoying not only free chips and salsa but a pretty good bean dip as well. The salsa was very smooth, which is a nice change from all the chuncky salsas I've encountered. It was also spiced pretty well so it was just plain tomato and spice. I liked it so much I continued eating it through my meal, which I never do. I wasn't in the mood for anything big so I ordered Queso Fondito. I became a fan of this melted cheesy goodness in Denver and have had it many places. Here they have big, soft chunks of pepper. It was SUPER tasty and their tortillas were so fresh and good that I ordered a second batch. By this point I was pretty full but I decided I wanted something sweet so I ordered Sopapillas.The order comes with three along with honey and butter. I don't get why you want butter but I always love the honey. These were fresh, warm, soft and super tasty. I loved every second of them and left nothing behind.This place is definitely the best Mexican I've had in Las Vegas and better than a  lot that I had in Denver. I would give it a 5 star, but since I didn't try THAT much I don't want to be too presumptuous. I'll definitely be back in the Very near future and bump them up if they continue to be as good as this first experience.
5	The best Mexican I have ever had in the Vegas valley. Hands down.
2	I recently returned to this place after eating here several years ago. It has slipped a bit since I last visited. I ordered a beef burrito and beef taco. The beef in the burrito was strangely dry and seemed to have been overcooked - or perhaps it was cooked earlier and then warmed in a microwave. In any event, it was less than ideal. This was a disappointing visit, one I won't be repeating.
2	I, just like a lot of people on here, were persuaded by the amount of excellent reviews and friends who recommended it. I was very, very, VERY disappointed. The reason I have it 2 stars is because of the cool atmosphere and live mariachi band. The food was sub par (and got my order wrong, but I can see why CHEESE enchilada sounds like CHICKEN enchilada.....  Not)The chips and salsa were not very good- the chips were extremely crispy and the salsa was not like regular salsa. The margarita was also not worth the price with the lack of tequila in itI would highly recommend Super Mex (don't listen to those reviews because I am one of the most picky eaters I know) compared to this placeVery unfortunate that this place didn't live up to the hype.
1	Place was not busy. Service was slow. Chips were good, salsa was awful. Bean dip was ok. The rest of the food was flavorless. Still in search of good Mexican food in Henderson. Should have eaten at Taco Bell.
3	As you walk in immediately your mouth begins to salivate due the extraordinary aromas in the air from authentic Mexican food. Can there be any other place in suburban Green Valley that serves better Mexican food than this? Other than the food de mis primos there definitely has not been a place to match Vivas quality.  The food is absolutely delicious from enchiladas, to asadas, to burrito to fajitas, to pescados and everything in between. The alcoholic beverages are on point too especially the the preparada and the diverse flavors of margaritas. Overall the quality of customer service is good. The anticipation of the wait staff is comendable, before you are able to eat the last chip in your basket the waiter has already given you a new one with a new beans and salsa as well. The only thing I have to say I was dissapointed in was the fact that I told the hostess it was my girlfriends birthday. The hostess  had assured me that they were able to surprise her. It was probably my mistake for telling the hostess and not my waiter. The check came I paid the bill and there was no surprise. I thought for sure viva michoacan would have lived up to their word on this request but, unfortunately they failed me on this.
5	I loved this place from the moment i stepped in. The ambiance is enhanced by the vibe - very positive. The people who work here enjoy their jobs, and it shows. The food is quite honestly the best mexican ive had in vegas. Period. The menu was varied and pretty extensive, including traditional fare as well as seafood and more exotic dishes. I had the pollo con crema, which i havent even seen offered anywhere else, and it was sooooo good! Only $15! Hubby had the chilis relleno and chicken enchilladas. He agreed it was also the best mexican food hes had in vegas, and hes lived here for fifteen years! The prices were reasonable and i really liked the kids menu which included cheeseburgers & chicken strips, so imperative when dining with picky kids! I really enjoyed our table-made guacamole as well. Some of the best Ive ever had. It included fresh cilantro. Mmm!The service was excellent, we never had empty drinks or dirty plates. A note on the hostesses too: they were polite and genuinely warm. This is something i often find lacking in vegas in even the finest restaurants. The Mariachi duo went from table to table and were also very personable. In general the whole vibe here was very positive. So kudos to you, viva Michoacan! We will be back AND we'll bring friends!
5	Yummy Mexican food in Henderson!
5	The BEST Mexican food in Henderson and Las Vegas, Highly recommend this place for taste,quality and service.
3	Finally stopped for dinner after driving past every day and living only 3 blocks down the road. Everything was fresh and delicious. You get bean dip and salsa with chips and soup before the main course. The small band playing through dinner was entertaining, though a bit loud for the quiet Sunday evening crowd. The service was delayed (appeared a game that was on in the bar was more important than our business) and they couldn't bring us the table side guacamole we ordered because "the avocados weren't ripe enough" Not a slam dunk but its convenient enough for good Mexican food that I'll come back again.
4	I've never been disappointed coming here. In fact, I like it much better than its sister property Lindo Michoacan. We're always seated by a friendly hostess and the chips, salsa and bean dip are always a few seconds behind us. I love their bean dip & chips....they must be sprinkled with crack because I can't stop eating them!!!They have a huge menu which you can sometimes get lost in so I stick to my favorites. Generally the beef chimi or the flautas. Every entree comes with a cup of fideo soup (tomato based with noodles) which I love. Their Spanish rice and refried beans are tasty and their main dishes never disappoint. The servers are friendly, efficient and speak enough English that I can understand them. Every night we have been they have a mariachi band that plays. My daughter gets a kick out of them and loves to run up and throw dollars in their sombreros :)To me, this is one of the best places in the valley for Mexican food. It's tough moving here from Cali and trying to find a place that lives up to our restaurants back home. This will do just fine....
3	Back in November 2011, I visited this place and gave it 5 stars.  Since that time, I have been here a few more times.  If there was a way to give a place 2.5 stars, I would now give this place that rating.You may be asking what caused this place to go from 5 stars to 2.5 stars in my opinion.  Please let me answer this burning question for you.Since November 2011, their menu changed as well as the staff.  This place now seems to follow the Lindo family and what once seemed like a stand alone even if it were not, no longer carries itself as such.  It is a more of a chain like Misty said six months ago.  The food quality has changed some and now it is a crap shoot on whether you will get a good meal here or not.  Sometimes the food is really good and sometimes it is just ok.  The most interesting part of this entire change, is that they always seemed surprised you are there.  They still have the buffet on weekends, but the service has gone way down.  Getting a seat never seems to be a problem here, but getting service, now that is another story and may cause this place to drop to a solid 2 star in the near future.We went there this morning and the servers always seem surprised that people actually want to eat here and showed up to do so.  On this visit, it was like they only had one server to cover the entire place inside and out, with one helper for drinks and food delivery.  I asked for coffee for my drink and the waiter forget like three times.  Our chips ran out and we were NEVER asked if we wanted more.  I asked for Habanero sauce for my food and he forgot again twice.  My coffee ran out and after seeing him come around several times to other tables to see if they needed anything, I finally called him over and asked for more coffee.  Yes, he forgot.After I asked again and he forgot again, he finally came back over with the pot and apologized for taking so long.  I guess he realized he forgot again.This place is ok for the food and price, but the service is has gone way down hill to like I said, they are almost always surprised people actually come in and they are always understaffed.  I don't understand the logic of a place that opens the door for business, gets the business almost every night, is packed on weekends and yet does not realize they need more staff.  I will give this place another chance, but there is a MUCH better place just down the road in a casino which has much better service, way better food, the chips are awesome and you serve yourself the salsa and chips so if you run out at this place down road, ITS YOUR OWN FAULT.  But my review is not about that place, but about this one and if the service does not improve, people may start looking for a better place....
5	Great service. Great margaritas. What more can you ask for!
3	The atmosphere and people were nice enough but when I go to a Mexican restaurant I want some flavor and this food had none!  The singer they had was good til he went to sing at a table then he became way to loud and it made our time there unbearable.  Not sure how it used to be only how it is now.
1	Where to start on how TERRIBLE this restaurant is. The decor is so cheesy and kindergarten style it would make Robert Irvine freak out.  The table we were sat at was sticky.  The bartender was nice enough to wipe it down again but still sticky.  Obviously a build up of long term poor cleaning. I ordered chicken tacos and my coworker ordered the same but in a combo plate.  The food took 30 minutes to arrive at the table.  There could not have been more than 8 other tables of patrons at the time so I am not sure why it took so long but it was agonizing.  The chips and salsa are sub par.  The chips are too thick and were stale.  The salsa was average.  The beans tasted like they were out of a can.  My tacos (a la carte) were served on a plate with some lettuce thrown on the bottom.  I guess they felt it would look too bare just beging tacos so I got a pile of lettuce garnish.  The tacos were completely flavorless.  It was like eating paper/cardboard. There was no sesaoning added to any part of this taco.  No salt, pepper, no NOTHING. I had to submerge it in the average salsa just to give it some type of flavor.  My coworker had the same issue and not only that but they gave her one pork taco and one chicken taco.  Needless to say, the pork had ZERO seasoning as well.  Disappointing is an understatement.  Anyone who has reviewed this place to be any good either has defective tastebuds or was so loaded up on margaritas, they would not know the difference. I called the manager over to give some constructive criticism so she could check on the food that was coming out so other customers would not have to go through the same ordeal but she barely spoke english.  She apologized and went on her way.  She did not make any effort to get us something else or to even reduce the bill in any way.  The bartender felt bad and offered up a 2 for 1 coupon on a return visit.  I kindly declined and told him I would not be coming back to eat there ever again.  Still expecting that a nice gesture of some nature would come the bill arrived and was full price no reduction.  Yes, customer service at its finest.  (insert sarcastic tone there). I am begging anyone considering going here to re-route yourself to any place else.  Even Robertos Taco Shop will provide better food.
3	I visit Vegas once a year and I come here each time. The food is good enough for a return trip each year. The chips and salsa is good. We ordered regular nachos and they were ok, I was hopping for more than two levels of chips and a lot more cheese. I usually get the beef taco and cheese enchilada. The taco was excellent but the enchilada could be better. Rice is good and beans is ok. The service is very good, friendly and the wait time is reasonable. This may not sound like a great review but I know I will be back because when you are in the mood for Mexican food it gets the job done!
5	Amazing Mexican food! Best tableside guacamole!
4	This place is great, Honest food and pricing and the musician has one of the most amazing voices. We agree that it has slipped a little in the past year, but this is a regular spot for us and still a treat everytime we go! We would only ask that they add a salsa and a queso dip..
3	The Food: - Complimentary chips were a little stale but the salsa & bean dips were good- Made-to-order guacamole was very fresh & easily customizable. You could omit any ingredient or request more of any of your favorites- Cocktails were refreshing- Carnitas were good but not impressive- Coca Cola steak was delicious all together but the sauce by itself was a little too sweetThe service was a little slow but it didn't matter too much because we weren't in a rush. The server seemed to pick up the pace & friendliness as the meal went on so maybe he had just started when we got there. Overall, this won't be a regular stop for us but something to add as a option when in the area.
4	A very good choice for an authentic Mexican meal. Quick seating and friendly atmosphere. Large menu selection and an attention to service detail many places are lacking.
4	I work a mile away and when I invite an employee to lunch and ask them to choose any place, 9 times out of 10, I'm told Viva!  Good news to me since I used to be a regular at Lindo's on the NW part of town. Some of the best chips/salsa here and excellent fideo to start. Hard to not order shrimp ceviche. And when it comes to the menu, what a HUGE selection and variety. I like unique dishes so I typically order Chipotle Lengua or when I want to keep it healthy, I get their cactus dish.  As for my employees, they say enchiladas all the way.  I say you can't go wrong!
1	Meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.Walked in and were seated no problem. Place was pretty empty for a Friday night. Husband ordered a beer (they only have bottled beers) and a shot, I ordered a margarita. The waitress sounded quite annoyed when I asked her which flavors they had... I tried looking through the little flip book menu, but it was so filthy, it left a disgusting....greasy feeling on my fingertips.The decor here is covered in dust. My husband pointed it out at first, and I didn't think of it.... I thought it was just part of the plant.. until I saw that some parts of it were "fuzzy" and other parts weren't...... Yum.Their chips and salsa... I was not impressed with. I don't like re-fried beans anyways, and the other salsa just tastes like smoke. One dimensional. So, I asked for some Pico De gallo, expecting some flavor.WRONG.I used the lime from my margarita, along with salt and pepper. It made it edible.Both of our dishes were lukewarm... not hot.The fried ice cream came with some crappy fruit preserves on it, that tasted like it was old from a tin can.The only saving grace in this place is the fideo soup...despite its unattractive color.
5	Big portions, great service, and amazing food! Btw, you have to try the "Carnitas Michoacanas" amazing! Overall, highly recommend for an authentic Mexican meal.
5	Shrimp diablo was the best. Just the right amount spices. Service is always awesome! Love this place so much better than its sister property Lindo.
4	Food is great. Drinks are good but a bit pricey. Cannot hold a conversation due to strolling musicians.
4	The food here was good.  I ordered the enchilada and chile relleno plate.  I was told that this is "the place to go" for Mexican food in Henderson and, although I can't really make a solid complaint against the food, I expected a little more.  The decor was what you would expect for a Mexican restaurant - bright, colorful, and fun.  The hostess and our server were very friendly; the service was great.  I will return, but I'm definitely still on the hunt for my favorite Mexican food in Henderson.
2	Arrived around 2:00 PM for a late lunch on a weekday. The place was not very busy. The service was not bad. I think the prices for lunch specials are not too bad (price includes a soft drink), but for regular menu I thought the prices seem quite high. I ordered a chicken burrito lunch special and was not impressed. The only thing that had any flavor on the plate was the rice. The beans were extremely bland, the shredded chicken in the burrito was plentiful but it was very dry, tough and flavorless. I almost had to ask for a knife to saw my way through it. No moisture at all. The sauce they used on the burrito tasted like watered down tomato soup. I had to douse the whole meal with the salsa - and the roasted style salsa is not my favorite. I thought the bean dip that came with the chips and salsa was fairly good. Well, it was healthier than many Mexican meals (according the the menu - no lard is ever used), but it seems at the expense of flavor.
5	The noodle soup is amazing!  Fish tacos good, margarita good, guacamole good, chips with salsa and beans good, service good.  Been here 10+ times! always good.
3	Food was good, service was good.  They were very patient with our kids and attentive.  I think it is a bit overpriced for the quantity, but the quality was good.  I will keep searching for a convenient and good family mexican restaurant.
5	Wow. This place is amazing. I got the cheese enchiladas lunch special. The red sauce was soooo flavorful. And the beans too. My dad got cow tongue tacos (he said they were delicious) they weren't on the menu in a taco form but he just asked and they said sure... That was nice of them!  My husband got the El Pastor tacos and I had a but and mmmm mmmm good!  I'll be coming here again. My dad already comes here a ton... Apparently they make outstanding margaritas...
5	Loved it loved it loved it! Thank you Yelp ; ) The biggest shrimp cocktail ever! Love the inside, the staff was very friendly and attentive. Food was great ; ) and the decoration inside is really nice. So cozy! It wasn't so packed when I went so I hope they are as attentive and professional as they were when its more packed. Will deft. try this place again ; )
5	Very good red chile sauce. Their red chile is hunks of grilled steak marinated in the sauce. Green pork was great too. & their flour tortillas were handmade. Will definitely come back here when we're in town again.
5	Excellent overall. Great guacamole, tortillas, and everything else. Always a fun place to eat. Fun mariachi band and super friendly service.
5	Awesome food. From their steak to their seafood platter. Bacon wrapped shrimp is delicious. Definitely recommend this place to everyone.
1	Wasn't a fan of this place. Sent my food back because the sauce was watery. We had to ask our server 3 times for fricken tortillas. Never coming back.
4	Great fideo soup and a great atmosphere.  Really enjoyed the shrimp quesadilla s and  sopas. Service is typically poor to below average but the food keeps us coming back.
3	3.5 StarAfter trying a michelada from Captain Tom's in Houston, TX, I was hoping to find a michelada that is as good here.  Last night, I told my husband that I wanted one.  He  suggested Viva.  They offered two types of michelada, with lime or preparada (with clamato juice).  I ordered the preparada but my husband override my decision and asked for two with lime with dos equis.  Our drinks came out and I was disappointed.  Not the delicious michelada that I was hoping for.  We asked for more lime wedges and it definitely made it taste better, but still, not the spicy tomatoey, limey michelada that I craved for.For dinner, I ordered menudo (only offered on Sat and Sun), and my husband ordered lengua plate.  They gave us a  bowl of soup to start our meal, and it was pretty good.  I only ate 1/3 of my soup and took the rest to go.  There was an abundant of tripe in the bowl.  My husband's lengua was very tender.  One of our favorite item of this restaurant are is the tortilla.  Oh, forgot to mention that they also give you chips, salsa, and bean dip to snack on.The staff is very friendly, funny, and attentive.Overall, I really want to be a fan of Viva because of the awesome staff. However, I have to give it 3.5 star for now.
5	Viva Michoacan has amazing food for amazing value. We went there for brunch on the weekend and got chips, salsa, beans, soup, quesadillas, and choice of several entrees including chiliquilles, Mexican eggs, chorizo with eggs, and a few more all that came with rice and beans all for $14.99. The abondigas soup had great meatballs and the pozole had pork on the bone with gave it wonderful depth of flavor. The quesadilla was sooooo good, the flour tortilla was freshly made and it had the white Mexican cheese which I can't seem to find anywhere. The chiliquilles were pretty good and so was the chorizo with eggs. I night recommend this place. Great value for great food.
1	Boy they really do treat you like gringos in here, sat down at the bar seating area no one greeted us (which didn't bother me I know places can be busy) sit down the kind red headed bus boy brought us chips and salsa and water sat for another 15 minutes no menus, saw people sit down at the actual bar and get drinks and menus right away so my boyfriend and I move to the bar, sat there for another 15 minutes no menus but got a smile from the bartender (which was enough, I'm a server I get busy too so I understand) then two guys sit down at the end of the bar and get menus and drinks right away... This is when I stood up and said this is "bull shit" and left... I will never come back to this place again... But it makes me feel good as a person that I'm a better server than the three "servers" that we're working the bar area
4	I've eaten here a handful of times and the food has been tasty and authentic each time. But it never fails to irritate my acid reflux (which is a rare thing for me, especially with Mexican food) so be prepared and take your meds! The place is clean, well decorated and has a good selection. If you are in this part of town looking for Mexican this is a pretty safe bet. It is not the closest place to my work, but I'm willing to make the drive because the places closer do not compare! Plus, they've got a decent lunch menu with some meals under $10 including a drink.
5	Ah, Viva.One of my favorite Mexican spots in Henderson is way overdue for a review and I'm here to deliver.  From the get-go, the place feels very low-key yet festive in the sense that I am getting a taste of what a Mexican restaurant might be like down south with all the art and deco placed around the restaurant.  The waitresses usually dress in a festive manner as well and helps to set the mood when dining in.As far as the entrees, the menu is quite extensive.  Majority of the time we roll through for lunch and get down on the lunch specials which is about ~30 dishes deep.  I'm a big fan of the camarones al mojo de ajo and the huevos rancheros but there are so many things to consider that I occasionally step outside of my box to try something new.  Regardless of what entree you choose to commit to, it always comes with a side of chips, salsa, and bean dip.  The real highlight here is the salsa.  Delish!! I always look forward to getting down on the red salsa here and most certainly get down on a second bowl of chips if I have the room to spare in my tummy.  Also, besides the aforementioned sides, the entrees come with a bowl of sopa de fideo.  Simple yet a very nice introductory touch to the meal.  By this point, with all apps considered, I am at least partially full or near there.  However, I definitely make space to get down on my entree'd flavors of the day.  The specials come out to be no more than $9.99 before tax.. my kind of price (and the food is definitely worth backing that price point up).OH, don't forget about the bar section that sits right inside the door of the restaurant.  Usually, they have drink specials as long as you sit in the bar side of things.  There are a bunch of TVs situated above the bar so you can get your daily fill of all things sports while chugging down a nice cold cerveza or sippin' on an iced out guava margarita.. GUAVA MARGARITA?! Haven't seen this anywhere else and you're very welcome for the tip my friends.  No matter what your flavor is, the bar is definitely a good place to cruise at casually with friends or even if you are adamant about stopping by Viva for a solo mission.Also, they have live music.  Not sure what nights (I thought it was just the weekends but heard of a possible Wednesday or even an sporadic Tuesday) but they always have good entertainment regardless who is playing the night you are there.Kudos Viva Michoacan!  Hopefully I'll remember to try out the patio sometime and grub out while the weather is nice but, anyway, keep up the good work.. I'll be back soon enough.
4	Best peach margarita I have ever had!! You have to try it!! I also enjoyed their enchiladas, tacos and fajitas!!!
1	The food was good ... the service at this location is HORRIBLE. They are slow never check in with your table and take forever to bring something once you ask for it. Never coming back to this location. Going back to the one on DI their service is amazing and the atmosphere is so much nicer.
3	The atmosphere was probably my favorite part about this place.  It had a Mexican feel to it but the food seemed over priced and wasn't amazing.  Staff was very nice, but when I go to eat out I go for delicious food and this just wasn't my favorite
3	VIva is your typical Mexican restaurant; great food, fun music, and great service. It's family friendly and the menu has options for everyone.  I enjoyed my meal but I wouldn't consider it my favorite restaurant in town.
5	Love the margaritas. Love the camerones al cognac. Love the flan.This is one of my go-to happy places.
4	I ordered the Chimichanga chicken by it self with sour cream and guacamole. delicious  food
5	Great restaurant! Excellent service, food, drinks and talented musicians!!! I love the environment and would definitely recommend!
5	Great place for authentic Mexican cuisine!    We eat on a Saturday at the beginning of the lunch hour.  We were immediately greeted and seated at a booth.The menu is expansive.  My only complaint was the restaurant is dark and the print is small so for those of us sight-challenged....life line please!  :)The margarita selection is nice!  We tried the tamarind and the prickly fruit on the rocks.  Both were great. For $12 you can keep the glass.  The chips are ok..I like more seasoning, but the salsa and beans were good.  All come as a complimentary appetizer.The service was prompt and attentive. We got the carne asada tacos and the chicken cognac.  Both were cooked perfectly and arrived piping hot!Oh!  And did I mention the live Mariachi band??  Beautiful music that really sets the tone for an excellent dining experience.This place is top notch and deserves 5-stars!!
5	I am so sad this place closed. This is a travesty. Best hamburger beef tacos. Best food. Best everything. Always busy. Why did it close? I am so sad. Everything I love always closes. What a shame.
4	better than lindo or bonito combined. Why did it close??!!!
