5	Love ethnic? Already tried Thai, Moroccan and Tandoori? Looking for a new culinary adventure? (Isn't that a lot of question marks?)Then might I suggest a visit to Mi Cocina, Mi Pais, for a culinary tour of Ecuador, along with its southerly neighbors, Colombia and Peru. Mi Cocina, Mi Pais is a cheerful, mango-painted little corner in a Phoenix strip mall. There's only a handful of tables, so you may need to plan to wait or order to take-out.There are plenty of familiar-ish dishes, such as tacos and tamales. But to really get the full impact of the restaurant, but you should try one of the more unique choices here. Such as, shrimp and plantains, ceviche, or aji chile wrapped in banana leaf. More reasons to visit? (And more question marks?) The portions are huge, and the prices very reasonable.
5	TAMALES BITCHES....Man this place has awesome tamales. If you eat nothing else here (and you should try all the other delicious food) eat the green and red tamales. They are really the best. You can make a meal out of the chips and tamales. You won't regret it.This place is famliy run. The waiter (the father) is impossible to understand (just smile and nod)...but the food is unique, fresh, tasty and very reasonble.  Pretty easy to get a table. Very casual. Scary strip mall...right next to the nicest Taco Bell I have ever seen.Try the coconut flan cake for dessert. Really good.  And check out the unique beers. I really enjoy both Quilmes and Xginu (sp?).
5	LOVE IT! The only flaw I saw was that the place is very tiny and the tables are quite limited. So you might have a bit of a wait. Other than that, the food is unique and tasty, and the man who runs the restaurant was extremely affable, friendly and helpful. Everybody eat here!!!
5	Do not...I repeat DO NOT, go here expecting mexican food....This is not your run of the mills strip mall bertos as it may at first glance appear from the front.I have been meaning to try this resturaunt for some time and finally made the leap; taking my cousin along who has spent a few years in ecuador so I might get some advice on what to order; though it turned out that we ate just about a little of everything so it didn't matter.She jumped around with excitement at all the authentic ecuadorian knick nacks and doo dads decorating the shelves and walls.The flavors of the food were indescribably big and we both jumped aound the plate changing which was our new favorite food based on what we had taken a bit of last. from the Ceviche to the cookies and drinks; nothing disappointed even one bit. This is my new favorite resturaunt, number one reccomendation and the first place I will take any out-of-towners from now on!
5	Mi Cocina was a nice change of pace from the run of the mill, wannabe authentic Mexican food dives in Phoenix.  This place serves Ecuadorian cuisine, which is so different and delicious.  The spicy carne steak was tender and flavorful and made a nice contrast to the crispy plaintains and beans on the plate.  I am normally wary of seafood here in the desert, but the ceviche was flavorful.I urge Phoenicians to give this place a try!  It would be a shame to see such a delicious, non-chain establishment go out of business!
5	Mi Cocina Mi Pais is the reason I love Yelp:  finding authentic hole-in-the-wall restaurants, that are family run and leave you curious to try more.  Thanks Yelpers!  We stopped off here on our way to the Surprise Stadium for our last spring training game of the weekend.  They offered authentic South American beers: I had the Quilmes, which the server accurately described as similar to a Hennekin, and the hubby tried the dark beer but the name escapes me now.  I ordered the fish in banana leaf served with rice and plantain chips and the hubby got the pork tamales.  Both were delicious!  The fish was firm, served in a smoky paprika veggie sauce and the tamales were amazing!  They were moist and flavorful. I kept stealing from my husband and I don't even care that much for tamales.  They served chips and fresh salsa, none of that canned tomato stuff.  I would love to try one of their ceviches but I guess I'll have to wait until 2009 Spring Training.  Dang it.
4	Are you looking for a safe yet adventurous place to eat? Are you tired of chain restaurants that are unimaginative and serve pre-made bland and fried foods? I HIGHLY recommend you find this small restaurant and try the many fresh, home made and tasty dishes. Plus, you get a lot of food for your dollar!Lomo Saltado was flavorful, and well prepared. The Ecuadorean tamales were a little piquant and rich. My other guests, including some very picky eaters, cleaned their plates. This is a clear testament that there is something for everybody. If I hadn't had ceviche earlier in the week, I would have tried it. Judging the ppl around us, they were eating with pleasure and gusto, the food is well prepared and proudly served. I was in Ecuador a few months ago, and this brought back all the fond memories and tasted just like I was there...
5	Mi Cocina Mi PaisMy Kitchen My CountryEcuadorian cuisine at it's finest.  This place is only a few miles from my home, but I'd never heard of it.  How's that possible?  Well, I'd never heard of a little website called Yelp until a few weeks ago either.  Thanks to Yelpers I have discovered a hidden gem in my hood. The restaurant has been around for 5 years and the first year it was open (2003) it was voted best new restaurant by Phoenix Magazine - well deserved.  I was not familiar with Ecuadorian food before this dining experience, but am now an adoring fan.  Tried the following:Sobrebarriga Bogotana (yes I had to write these down):  Oh my god, melt in your mouth delicious brisket stewed in flavorful tomato/onion stew.  Boiled potatoes served in a sour cream onion sauce. Bandeja Paisa: A smorgasbord of items.  Rice, beans, carne asada, chorizo, plantains, fried egg, avocado + more.  This is the perfect dish if you want to sample a lot of items. There is AT LEAST 10 more items I saw on the menu that I want to try.  Can't wait to return!The only downfall is the place is tiny - I mean really tiny - 6 tables tiny. Lunch weekday was no problem, but I'd bet the weekend peak hours will require a wait.
4	This place is gonna cost me about $2,000.  ---- Back story, I was backpacking around South America a few years ago and spent a few weeks in Ecuador. Loved it. Great place.  Of course I ate Ecuadorian food but don't remember much about it.   Now after eating at MCMP I figure it's gonna be about $2,000 for me to go back to Ecuador and try the real stuff again so I can compare the two.Anyways, loved the oatmeal drink. It tasted like pineapple juice with a hint of spice or cinnamon. Chips and salsa were standard issue.  The two dinners we had were very good. One was like a spicy carne asada, the other was sort of a combo plate with beef, beans, two types of plantains, sausage, egg, rice and chichron.Our entrees were fine, but I'm really excited to try the other items on the menu.  Empanadas, tamales, and the chiviche looked really good.This place has about 6-8 tables that's it. Only one person to serve everyone so if the place is packed expect a few more minutes for everything.
4	writing this while I'm in the restaurant, so bear with me.Walked in and this place is making me feel right at home. Its very small, not fancy, but has a little homey feel to it. Seems like a place that should be in the city, not a strip mall in the burbs. There wasn't anyone to greet me so I had a seat where I wanted, and the place is basically empty so they didn't mind. Chips came out, eh, nothing special and I'll probably liken the salsa to that of macayos. Not bad, just nothing special. I ordered the sobrosomethingicantpronounce, and an empanada de puerco. I can never pass those up when I see them. the empanada was delicious, with a perfect crust. It was a bit sweet, and a bit tangy, the pork cooked in a green chili sauce really set it off. So far so good I am thinking, and I just heard the bell ring signaling my meal is ready...so I just finished up my main course. Delicious, the meat perfectly cooked and fell apart with a fork, and the vegtables over it almost tasted sweet as almost there was plantain in it. In whatever case, very well executed. I did not care for the white sauce over the potatos, and found it rather bland. The main dish was great overall. Service was perfect from start to finish, though eight now I am the only one in here, so not sure what it would be like I'd they were busy.+1 for great service +1 for making me feel at home +1 for a great meal
4	If my mom was from Ecuador (er, she's from Pennsylvania) then this is what her kitchen would look like.  Don't expect to be greeted by a cute little hostess or have a server come and "pitch" a bunch of specials.  If you want to know about the menu then you have to ask.  The food is interesting, delicious, and not even close to the greasy spoon that we call Mexican food in Phoenix.        The ingredients seem very fresh and none are typical.  We had the tamale sampler appetizer and Mi Bandera (my flag) for the entree and it was more than enough for two people.  Both were delicious.  They have beers from South America and some non-alcoholic Ecuadorian beverages that are very good.  Unfortunately for them, good for me, it was not that busy.  Service is what you would expect from a little place like this.  If you are looking for a unique restaurant, delicious food,  and want to support local family owned business, then make this a regular rotation.
4	First off this is not a Mexican food place. I overheard a customer trying to compare and it's not the same. The food at Mi Cocina Mi Pais is  South American  with most entrees being Ecuadorian . The owner is Ecuadorian but realized many dishes from Columbia, Argentina and Peru were similar. In fact we talked to the gal next to us who is Colombian and was so excited to find food from home. The food was very delicious and we  are planning on going back and trying other dishes. I loved my fish in Banana Leaves  lots of orange, yellow and red peppers with a light white fish.  Tasty with a side of white rice and   bananas  fried  like chips. My hubby ordered carne asada  Argentina style , very spicy which he adores.  He also had chunky fried plantains . Everything was great. The place is small but the Host/ waiter / Owner's Son did a great job serving the 4 groups of people . The decor is bright and it's obvious they have a passion for what they do. This place is sandwiched in a small place in a strip mall but don't let that throw you off stop by and give it a try for something deliciously different.
5	Still a delightful little South American restaurant! We went back again this year and I got my Peruvian ceviche as I promised myself on last year's spring training trip.  A large pile of citrus cured white fish with celery, red onion boiled yam and potato.  It had a good amount of heat to it, though I couldn't tell what it was coming from.  I got the tamale sampler and it was great.  If I had to choose I'd pick the Ecuadorian tamales hands down.  Hubby ordered a pork empanada, which was really good.  Light, flaky crust, and not thick or oily.  The couple that owns it are really sweet and the wife, who apparently is the head chef, also came out to our table to check on us and thanked us for coming.  Oh, and hubby had the Xangu beer again, the one I couldn't remember from last time.
5	What can I say about Mi Cocina Mi Pais.  Lets just say looks can be deceiving.  For one thing they built a taco bell right in front of this place.  I find myself sitting in the restaurant looking at taco bell and wondering why someone would eat there when they could get a nice home cooked meal 20 feet away!  Looking at the first photo on yelp of the location you can tell that this is a typical mom and pop strip mall restaurant.Literally though it is a mom and pop place.  The son was the waiter the mom was the cook and the dad helps out when he can come in from his other job.  The service is kind of slow because of this but look past it your about to get a fresh home cooked meal! The inside has wooden tables and chairs and kind of reminds me of a deli.  The food.  Well to start out we got two drinks I got one which can only be compared to horchata and she got the Inca soda which tasted like bubble gum so cool!  They bring you the best tasting salsa and chips I have ever had a at a South American Restaurant.  Our appetizer was a South American Potato Salad.  The presentations was awesome on the salad it had three olives some egg and a sauce that had me scraping it off of the dish after we had ate all the potatoes.  It was slightly spicy but very light surprisingly and very comforting.   For dinner we had the combo plate.  It had rice, eggs, beans,steak, avocado ,sausage, pork rind, fried plantains, potato cake,flour cake, and a tomato pepper mixture sauce.  OMG the combination was perfect for two of us to share.  The beans reminded me of back home when my buddy's dad used to make them on their farm.  I could be in heaven eating just the beans and rice.  The steak was very tender and flavorful.  My palate was left very satisfied.  For Authentic South American Food go here.  If you want to try something new go here. If you want good ol comfort food go here.
5	To parapphrase the newspaper review that proudly stands on the counter of this quaint restaurant, "Don't come here, because if you to start coming regularly, this place is small enough where there won't be enough room for me."Delicious!The food is great, the prices even better.  3 Large Empanadas for $5.95?  It can't be beat.The Ecuadorian Ceviche is a wonderful dish to order and share.  It comes in a large heavy glass goblet, almost theatrical, but if you want to impress some people, this is definitely fun to order.
5	When I came to Phoenix from NJ,  one of the things that shocked me the most was the complete lack of South American and Caribbean cuisine.Until now! I'm Colombian, so when I looked over the menu and found such familiar foods as patacones and bandeja paisa, Colombianas, and batidas de guanabana, I felt like I was home.Dont expect fast service. There is one waiter. It really is a mom & pop run establishment. no small talk while we were there..he took our order and off he went.The prices were reasonable and they had a lot of fun soda-inca cola and Colombiana which are pretty hard to find here.Patacones (fried plantain) were deeeeelisssshhh! Just like you can find at any latin restaurant back east.All in all fantastic food, great menu items, and no nonsense service.Tasty, and we'll be back!
4	I am a happy girl.  What a lovely meal with a lovely friend.  We had 2 empanadas and a green tamale to start.  The empanadas are a bit like a Jamaican beef patty, ok, but not what I was wanting.  The tamale had a nice green chile and sweet flavor, mild and soft.  Then we ordered the carne asada and the coconut shrimp to share.  YUM!  I am feeling most generous for allowing my dad to take home my carne asada leftovers (because he kid-sat while I went to eat here).   The lentils that come with the carne asada plate were wonderful - I could eat a bowl of those, call them lentil stew and be very happy for a vegatarian lunch.  The kind gentleman waiting on us easily substitued the patacones that come with the meal for fried plantains - my fav.  The coconut shrimp was spicy and delicious too...we finished that off.  I took home the flan since we were too full for anything else.  I'm sure that will make a happy dessert for tomorrow night.Oh, the beer, Xingu (Brazilian) is like a sweeter Guiness, delicious!  And the oat drink - Helada Avena? - was amazing.  I've never had anything like it and we polished that off too.  No wonder we were so insanely full :-)  Well worth the trek to 42nd Ave and Bell.
4	I first heard of Mi Cocina from a friend who taught at Scottsdale Culinary Institute.  The Chef/Owner had been his student, and he recommended it.I love locally-owned ethnic restaurants, so I had to check it out, and I wasn't disappointed.  I am now a regular, and eat there every couple of months.It is a tiny family-run place hidden in a dull strip center behind a Taco Bell.  Not easy to find, but worth the trip.  If you are new to South American cuisine, fear not.  The waiter (the chef's son) will guide you through the menu with an infectious smile, and wry sense of humor.The size, and simple look, of the restaurant belie the quality and presentation of the food you will find there.The menu includes dishes from Ecuador and neighboring countries.  I love the variety.  Terrific flavors in interesting combinations.  Nice portions, and reasonable prices too.My favorite is the Seco de Pollo (Chicken Stew), but everything I have tried has been delicious.  I am definitely hooked on the coconut flan.
5	Mi Cocina Mi Pais is a wonderful Ecuadorian restaurant.  It's a tiny, quaint, family-run affair.  First of all, everything I've eaten here is good.  The sango de camarones is a wonderful shrimp stew.  The argentinian steak was too spicy for me, but they have a less spicy version I loved.  All of the tamales are good, especially the Ecuadorian.  The fish in banana leaves was awesome.   The combination plates were all delicious.  They were out of the coconut flan, so for dessert I had the guanabana confection  which was light and refreshing.  Everyone should eat here!!
4	I was excited to try this place out after reading all the good reviews but torn about whether I like this place or not. I ordered a plate with steak, beans, rice, plantains, chorizo, and sliced avacado. I could have cooked everything on the plate and it probably would have tasted better. It was my first time trying plantains and I thought they tasted a little sour. I didn't like them but I boxed them up and gave them to my dad and he thought they were delicious. I had a couple of bites of my sisters tamales and wished I ordered that instead. I am not a fan of tamales by any means but these tamales rocked my world. I will be back for more. We ordered a mango souffle for dessert and the father that works there told the son to make us take it to go in Spanish like we didn't know what he was saying. I thought it was funny because he smiled at us the whole time like we didn't know what he was saying. I am giving this restaurant four stars because I cannot stop thinking about those damn tamales! I'm gonna come back, order some tamales, and try some other things on the menu and maybe I'll bump it up to five stars.
5	My kitchen, my country, my oh my what a great little offbeat restaurant this is.  Amidst a dying strip mall area on Bell Rd in northwest Phoenix you'll find an authentic Ecuadorian/SouthAmerican place that has food that will make you want to go back for more,.It's a family run ethnic restaurant that's very small and quaint.  Not hard to drive by, or not see it from the road as a Taco Bell is directly in front of it.  I really don't know why people would go to T-Bell anyway with Mi Cocina a few feet away.  I guess some people don't know better.The menu has many  different choices to choose from and if you have any questions ask the server/owner's son and he'll gladly help.  I'm a fan of the tamales, pork empandas, and shrimp ceviche.  Oh and I forgot the dessert.  As you're dining there the desset case is just over an arms length away screaming at you every minute.  I'm not a sweets person and even I gave in and tried some delightful indulgence.This is one of the best "finds" to be found in the Phoenix metro area!
5	The world has finally presented me with an easy choice.  After years of wandering through life, decisions half-made or made wholly wrong, a simple and easy direction has shown itself to me: I have to move to Ecuador.Quite honestly, if the food here is representative of the native regional cuisine, I'm just going to buy a ticket, pack my cat, and head down there.  Feel free to pick over my belongings.Almost completely hidden from view, this tiny hole in the wall of a restaurant sits, waiting for those looking to find it.  The decor is bright and charming; inviting without feeling like it's trying to be ethnic.  The tables are comfortable and huge.  I had actually thought they were a bit over sized when we first sat down but, well, then food started to arrive.We were started with the obligatory chips and salsa.  And while they may not have been much to look at, these slightly greasy chips and sweetly spicy salsa are very tasty.  This little appetizer was soon followed by a plate of empanadas and a sampler of their tamales.  Now, I love tamales, so I was probably looking forward to this most of all.  These three (a Mexican red, a green, and an Ecuadorian) were not only beautifully crafted and presented, but they were some of the best quality I'd ever eaten.  If it's your first time here and you like tamales, don't pass that sampler up.  The red might not have been the most stunning, but the green is the perfect blend of cheese, pepper, and corn.  The Ecuadorian tamale was just unlike any tamale I've tried before.  Wrapped in a banana leaf, there was just more filling to it than I'd ever seen in your standard tamale.The main dishes followed in good time.  Again, the presentation on this food is just stunning.  If I had ever dreamed about being a food photographer, I'd probably start my portfolio here.  The brisket I had ordered was covered in what I can only term as a "salsa" of peppers and various other vegetables.  Combined with the meat that was tender enough to cut with a fork and the avocado slices, it was just a sublime meal.  A combination of flavors that I had honestly never experienced before.I've had (I think) real Mexican, Spanish, and a variety of other types of food.  The cuisine here is distinctly in it's own category.  I think that's what draws me back to it most: a delightfully inviting, yet wholly unknown, palate to explore.
5	The evening started with a long drive from Chandler and a 40 minute wait for a table.  (This hole in the wall has 6 tables and one waiter who I assume to be the owner.)  Surprisingly, I did not mind the inconveniences at all.  Probably because of the good company.  Probably because you just cannot be impatient with the little gentleman running around tirelessly to serve all the tables with sincerity and a bit of humor.  I have never had Ecuadorian food before, but I assume this place is authentic.  The food and the decor is what I imagine eating at an Ecuadorian grandmother's house would be.  Every thing that I tasted was terrific.  Some items I tried were the Colombiana soda, shrimp ceviche, fish in banana leaf, and shrimp stew.Last note, this restaurant is not for the faint of heart.  The wait for food is long, but well worth it.  It warmed my heart when the chef (the gentleman's wife?) came out to thank us for coming and wished us a happy new year.  I will definitely return to try the tamales.  You cannot find this food anywhere else in Phoenix.
3	I like going to this little strip mall restaurant when I can because they have some interesting dishes and great tamales. Phoenix has a lot of chain restaurants, so Mi Cocina Mi Pais provides a breath of fresh air when it comes to authentic Ecuadorian food. The only downside is that this place is really small and sometimes the service can be a bit on the slow side - even if there aren't that many people in the restaurant. The desserts are great to try out too if you save room ;)
4	Homey, Delicious, Unique.. All words that come to mind when I think back on my dinner here.First off.. they do take reservations for party's of 5 or more. However a reservation at this small place really just means a bump up in line. Do not go expecting to sit and eat right away. Its a small place.. and is popular enough to keep it busy with at least one or two groups waiting outside during the weekend dinner rush.This place is run by a husband/wife team and I can only assume the younger gentlemen was also part of the family. Can you beat food prepared by someones mom/grandma? Maybe if yours is from the region your menu is from. Otherwise I highly doubt it.The Food:Bandeja Paisa:This is what I came for. After watching Anthony Bourdain chow down on this in the Columbian episode I HAD.. HAD.. HAD to have this. Chorizo, chicharones con carne, fried eggs, fried plantains, plantain patacones, arepa, beans, avocado, carne asada and rice. The only way this could have been better would be to have more of it! How do you make bacon better? You leave the pork back on it and deep fry it. Even with my cold everything tasted amazing.Empanadas:We had three types chicken, beef, pork.Chicken: Was in more of a flaky, buttery, pastry type shell. I would say this was more of a pot pie in a portable package.Beef/Pork: Both of these were more traditional. My taste buds were a bit off so I had a hard time telling which was which. One of them was slightly sweet and FREAKING AMAZING. I could have sat and ate a dozen of those. I believe it was the pork one that was sweet.Seafood Soup(Sorry don't remember the name):I'm not a fan of things with fins unless they are in a fish tank ;) My friend has this soup. I was a little worried because it smelled VERY VERY fishy and supposedly the only seafood in it was shrimp. To me when a shrimp has a very strong fish smell that's bad news. I have a feeling it was a fish based stock and that's where the aroma came from. Either way he really liked it.Fillet with Fried Potatoes(Again didn't catch the name of this. Sorry for the major fail):This was a grilled fillet sliced in a dark sauce with "fried potatoes" which in this case were french fry's. Looked a little odd to me but my friend loved it.Ecuadorian Tamale:So after reading the other reviews I decided to skip on the red and green as they seemed to be standard Mexican tamales. Could I be missing out? Maybe but I was there for home field advantage cooking. So I got the Ecuadorian tamale. This was cooked in a banana leaf. I was having a hard time getting the banana leaf flavor but the rest of my party assured me it was there. Again.. stuffy nose :(Flan de Coco:Wow.. two of my favorite things in one, coconut and flan. This was pretty good. I can't say it was earth shattering but the coconut was not overly sweet. The "syrup" had a nice deep caramelized flavor. The flan had a nice texture. I have had better but it was nothing to complain about.Plantain Torte:This was not what I expect and in a good way! They had mushed up the plantains into more of a pumpkin pie like texture. I believe it was also mixed with either a blueberry or blackberry as the color was slightly blue and it had a hint of one of those two berries. This was my favorite out the the two. It was the perfect sweet. The texture was very nice. It didn't give me that instant insulin shock affect from a sugar laden dessert.I will be back! Sadly I'm not sure when because I have many many other places to try but I'll get back there sometime. There were still a decent amount of things on the menu I would have liked to try out.Pros:Super tasty food prepared by someones equivalent of your grandma.Very friendly service.. Think dinner at a aunt/uncles house.Wide variety from many Latin American areas.Cons:Only thing I can come up with really is the wait. This is more of a personal thing. I really don't like to wait for a seat somewhere. I believe you should be able to make a reservation and be seated within 5 minutes of arrival. But considering this is a mom and pop place, the type of place I would rather see everywhere instead of these chains, I can learn to live with a wait :)I feel its a tad on the pricey side for a mom and pop.
4	Checked this place out for a Thursday lunch thanks to the great yelp reviews and interesting menu.  Head's up, if you get there before 11:30am you may be the 1st person to beat the lunch crowd.  The placed filled up by the time I left at 12:05.First off, I would go here again just for the salsa.  It was fresh and sweet, yet deeply spicy.  The sweet of the salsa would coat your tongue just before the spice overwhelms it.  So good!I ordered the Carne Asada spicy.  It came with rice, lentils and fried plantains.  The lentils were similar to pinto beans, but added a new dimension to the dish.  I was not a fan of the plantains.  They were room temperature and extremely bland.  They made the dish look very appealing though.  The meat was very difficult to cut, but well cooked and the spicy sauce was very good.  A different, yet refreshing take on typical carne asada plates.  It was extremely hot and spicy - just the way I love it!  I was sweating bullets by the time I left.Only downfall was the service wasn't great until he dropped off the check.  That was a bummer after all the positive reviews about Mi Cocina Mi Pais' friendly service.  I could hear the couple behind me talk about how "everything here is good."  I'll be back for more soon.
4	Loved it! Unique Ecuadorian/Peruvian/South American food with good flavors, excellent presentation and a good variety.The vegetarian plate comes with veggie flan doused with cheese sauce, grilled plantains, a mound of rice, lentils in a tasty sauce and a fried egg over easy, cooked oh so right.For those of you who aren't in the know, mash down the rice mound, salt it up, then throw the fried egg on top. Chop it up and feast! I love me some fried eggs & rice and they make the ingredients perfect here.If you're looking for some unique flavors & food combinations that are sure to impress, check this place out!
5	This cozy little strip mall restaurant is a gem. We went in on a Saturday at lunch, and it was not busy at all. The server was a sweet, mature fellow who made good recommendations for beer. Service was NOT especially slow the day we visited, as others have experienced. The tamale sampler offered a red, a green and a "white" (?) tamale. They were all good, but the green tamale was our favorite. We had  Seco de Pollo and Bandeja Paisa. The meats were tender, the beef deliciously smokey, plantains perfectly fried... I can't criticize any part of the meal. We had Xingu Black beer-- smooth and perfect to go with the comfort food entrees. Even though we were very full, we didn't want to pass up the desserts. We split a large slice of flan de coco. It looked sort of like a cheese cake with two layers. The top is a firm-ish flan and the bottom is a sort of crumbly, very coconut-y cake. So good, and not too sweet. To summarize the food: it doesn't taste like restaurant food. It tastes better-- like your grandma made it just for you with lots of love. I hope we have a chance to return and try more menu selections soon!
5	This restaurant is an Ecuadorian restaurant whose dishes and cuisine are not at all comparable to what we think of as Mexican. The menu has a good variety of selections. Our waiter (who may own the place) was a delight and very especially since we didn't know anything about Ecuadorian food. My wife had a soup/broth of shrimp and she declared it to be excellent. It came with a pretty mounded portion of rice to mix in with it. I had a plate called the flag which contained slices of marinated beef that were wonderful. Knife totally unnecessary. There was also a helping of hominy, fried plantains, potato pancake kind of thing with a delicious sauce over it. and several other things all good. The overall tone of my plate was a very little bit on the sweet side. We'll be back in as soon as we can and we're going to try to bring friends. I heartily recommend this restaurant to anyone.
5	Family owned restaurants are delightful and this one is no exception! Got to try the ceveche, and the coconut flan! Our whole family likes this place and we have tried nearly every item and are never disappointed. Small and cozy...you will feel like your eating at a friend's home!
5	When did the name change??One of my very favorite restaurants in Phoenix! Love the ceviche and the fish wrapped in banana leaves is SO YUMMY! Cute little place.
4	Joined a friend here for lunch and enjoyed everything I ordered.  Got a sampler plate that included marinated churrasco beef, green and sweet plantains, chorizo, chicharron, a corn cake and an interesting bell pepper salsa.  It was a lot of food - couldn't quite finish it all.  But it was delicious!  Also the selection of traditional beverages was very tasty and interesting.  Tried some of my friend's goat stew, which was also good - and much milder than I expected. The meat tasted similar to beef or pork.  Service was efficient and attentive, and the waiter was great at describing the food options and making recommendations.
5	Great food! Small restaurant, so you may want to call ahead for a table. Definitely get the Ecuadoran ceviche app and I really enjoyed the carne asada Ecuadoran style.
5	I loved the tamale sampler and the coconut flan. The tamales each had a unique and incredible flavor even the cheese one. Their salsa is to die for with a perfect blend of taste and spice. I really cannot say enought good things about this place. If you are looking for excellent place to eat I would suggest the jewel.
4	Server not overly friendly but efficient. Chips and salsa complimentary. Not bad salsa but I think it was made from canned tomatoes. Hot day-airconditioning not very cold but I actually prefer that. Warning-the place is small so either come early for dinner or be prepared to wait. The food was good. Authentic, large portions, not bad for the price. For kids, a chicken empanada was perfect at $2. Nicely presented dishes. Service began to slack when the place filled up with one waiter handling the dining room. Would have had a second beer but too late by the time the server came back. Would have had dessert too but again we waited for our check long after we were done. Would definitely come back again and try more dishes just because it's so nice to go somewhere out if the corporate chain world for a change. But if you're looking for super attentive service and can't handle waiting and just relaxing, then be warned. Do not come during their busiest times.
4	Went for the 1st time......nice and clean but nothing fancy.  Pretty plain.Service prompt but you have to work to get information and recommendations as far as what's good, etc.Great assortment of dishes and items on the menu; fish, beef, chicken, veggie items. The style of cooking is Ecuadorian and South American....so these were all new dishes for myself and my wife.She had a fish dish cooked and wrapped in a banana leaf, I had an Argentinian style tenderized steak. * Side note...Argentinian style steak is SUPER HOT!  I like hot food and I couldn't eat it all....too spicy, but it was really good.I asked them if they could tone it down but to no avail.Both dishes came with rice, plantains, beans; all these were excellent and unique.Very good. A definite place to return to.....many interesting  items on menu to choose from.
5	Awesome food, never fails at all. Just don't be in a hurry to be anywhere!
5	Hands down! Best Ecuadorian food in Phoenix . . . okay maybe the only Ecuadorian food in Phoenix but still it is phenomenal. We ordered the goat stew and the plantain ball soup with shredded beef. Both of us could not stop salivating over each spoonful and bite. The stew sauce for the goat was amazing and the goat meat was very tender. They served 3 large slices of plantain that was the sweetest plantain I have ever eaten. They only serve the plantain ball soup on the weekends and so we were happy to have ordered it on Sunday. The broth was so good that it was drinkable on it's own. The food took a little longer than expected, but it was so worth it as the cook seemed to have made both dishes after our order. No pre-made stew or soups left to boil and serve. I will definitely be back to try other dishes. I am so mad that I did not find this jewel of a restaurant earlier after living 5 minutes from this place for the last 4 years. My goal is to hit this restaurant at least once a week and try everything on the menu. I love you Mi Comida! Mi Comida is a restaurant that Phoenix desperately needs. Good food, great staff, and everything is homemade. Their food alone has inspired me to plan a trip to Ecuador.
5	I have been putting off this review for a long time.Frankly. It has been intimidating to write. I want so badly to appropriately convey just how special this little restaurant is. I suppose there is no other way than to spill out all my blinding earnestness in one fell swoop, casually extolling every virtue this little mom n' pop restaurant offers."Mi Comida", formerly "mi Cocina mi Pais", is hands down, my favorite restuarant in all of the valley. Located  in the most unassuming strip mall, shadowed neath the coporate monster that is taco bell. Mi Comida is a south american restaurant, offering Peruvian, Colombian, and Ecuadorian dishes- of such quality and sagacious cooking method, you'll feel as if your very own south american grandmother you never knew you had cooked it all for you. The food is so good in fact i'd subsitute it for human relationships any day; this leaves you and your wallet: satisfied, happy, and full. I couldn't tell you what my favorite dish is, probably the entire menu. Every time i come here it is an adventure. Will it be closed? Will it be jam packed w/ adoring fawning salivating foodies? What will i order this time?Seriously i have ordered a different item each time, and NEVER, repeat NEVER was i disappointed. I have brought my parents here, my brother, my sister, my best friends, and even my ex girlfriend, and all entered a little skeptical and cautious, but left adoring fans. I'm not sure if it is possible to describe accurately how much i love this restaurant; and for the life of me i dont understand why the rating isnt a complete 5 *****! i'd like to sit down and chat w/ some of my Yelp friends and open a real dialogue as to why they only gave it 4 stars....i'm lookin at you Iain B.! lolWhether you live in Chandler, or Tukee. Mesa or PV make the drive out here (not you sun city folk you'll kill someone on the way)! YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!
5	I love this place.  It's not fast food, so be prepared but no doubt it is worth the wait.
5	I can not compare this place to anywhere, because no place else compares, including some pretty awesome places in Miami. First of all, how cute are the owners? They remind me of my grandma and grandpa in laws. I had 3 different empanadas and each one was amazing. They were all totally different, including the types of dough, and there is no way I could ever pick a favorite. One was the Queen Arepa, one was just a chicken and cheese, and one was the empanada de verde, my FAVORITE. Can I also just say my picky 7 year old loved each and every thing we got? We also got 3 different kinds of tamales, I dont remember which kinds, due to the food coma I was going into but I remember happiness when I ate them! (One was red, one was green, one was Equadorian, I think) Ok so, for dinner, I got the Bandeja Paisa, which seriously, Im not even sure what was going on there, but it was incredible, meat and I think a sweet plantain and sweet sauce and just some good, Total comfort food. Oh yea and there was an egg. I like anything topped with an egg. Hubby got his all time favorite, his mom is Peruvian and he grew up in Miami, so he knows his stuff...anyways, he got the lomo saltado and said it was amazing! We got the coconut flan for dessert, good but Ill try something else next time, although Im not really in it for dessert! The best way to describe it is comfort food, not mashed potato or mac and cheese comfort, way better. And there is just so much to pick from, it's going to take a lot of visits to get through that menu. Im up to the challenge! Oh and by the way, I did take out, it is such a tiny little place, I think it would be a pain in the ass to eat there during any kind of meal time, I went at 430 and got take out for dinner, no one was there yet. I think I'll stick with the take out plan due to how small it is and the fact that the food takes so long since its all homemade and Im sure that makes the wait time for a table pretty intense....
5	Love it, love it!  Consistently delicious South and Central American food that you can't get anywhere else in the valley.  It's better than mom's cooking (good thing she's in Miami and won't read this) and defines comfort food!As already mentioned in other reviews, don't go when you're hungry and wanting to eat right away.  It's a small, family-run business, and everything takes time. The final result, however, is worth the wait.The Ajiaco is a thick potato and chicken soup, a staple in the cuisine of Bogota in Colombia.  It's delicious and a hearty meal.  The capers and cream are a must- add them in!  The avocado is the perfect side for this dish.  With the cooler weather, this is a must try; but leave some for me please!  The chicken empanadas are to die for- savory chicken in wrapped in pastry.  Add a little lime and you're set to go!  My husband always orders the Bandeja Paisa; another Colombian favorite that could easily feed two, but you'll want your own.  On your plate you'll get steak, chorizo sausage, pork meat with rind, red beans, rice, fried egg, avocado and plaintains; need I say more!  To finish off your meal, order the coconut flan dessert; a delicious combination of custard and coconut in delicate proportions....yum!   Too bad they're closed on Mondays or head over there right now........
5	Came by the restaurant the other day with my wife and a friend who was leary about Ecudorian food.  We all had shrimp stew although I was torn  between that and the shrimp cocktail.  Went with the soup knowing that either way it was going to be good.....and it was.They have a drink there that they say comes from corn.  It's kinda purple and delicious.  Your mind will say it's a fruit drink...it's gonna' be a fruit drink but it isn't.  It has a taste different and it's totally wonderful.The gentleman who serves as waiter is just great: friendly, happy, and very helpful.Great place to eat!
5	If your blink twice while looking for Mi Comida Resaurante Latino on Bell and 43rd Ave you'll miss it!!  This place is small and not very appealing on the outside.  But it's what's on the inside that counts and this place is no exception.  What an awesome little "Ecuadorian Gem" of a place this is!  Mi Comida reminds us of some of the best Peruvian, Argentina and Columbian restaurants we used to go to in Miami but without all of the flair and the high prices. This is truly a mom and pop, locally owned restaurant serving up delicious South American dishes.  This place is very small and quaint with some personality. They do fill up during lunch and dinner, so you may want to come early to get seated right away.  I was excited to see they serve several traditional South American dishes and delicacies which are somewhat similar to but also very different than traditional Mexican food.  I was excited to try their shrimp and fish ceviche served the same way we get it in our favorite Argentina/Columbian restaurant in Miami, which is in a large goblet, tons of flavor and spice, enough to serve two.  It was fantastic!  We had to try their tamales which are a little different than the traditional Mexican tamales.  I recommend getting their Tamales Sampler which consists of a red shredded beef tamale which was excellente' ~ wound up ordering a couple to go, a white green chili with queso tamale, also excellente' and their Ecuadorian tamale which had pork, tomato, carrots and cheesy goodness wrapped in a banana leaf.  This tamale is worth making a second trip back on the same day ~ lunch and dinner!   My friend had their Seco de Pollo ~ chicken stew which was a wonderful dish and a chicken empandas for an app.  She loved it.  Friend #2 had their shrimp stew for an app and their Bandela Paisa with chorizo, carne asada, plantains, rice and other goodies.  The carne asada was tender and delicious with just the right amount of heat and sauce.  It too was excellente'.  Their menu offers several options so don't be afraid to ask the server about the dish before ordering.  Try their empandas, tamales or ceviche as an app or pick several different ones as a meal.  You can't go wrong here!  You will leave satisfied, happy and already to planning what to eat on your next visit.I'm always a little cautious when I read reviews from people I don't know that state things like "this is the most authentic food..." especially when it's ethnic food and the writer is whiter than me.  Who knows, these writers may be from Ecuador and somewhere in South America, but what I do know is the food at Mi Comida Resaurante Latino taste as good as or better than some of the best South American restaurants I've been to.  They keep it simple with tons of flavor and lots of love! I hope to see you there.
3	I love South American cuisine.  Central and South America are in my mind the only regions that can compete with the Indies for the most amazingly deep flavors.  I love how casually sweet, spicy, tangy and savory all interplay.  To me, soul food is less about richness as the result of copious amount of butter, but rather heartiness as the result of complex-yet-unpretentious spices and flavorings.  The mere mentioning of aji me want to salivate and cry at the same time.  I. Love. South American cuisine.I also love small hole-the-wall restaurants with rundown interiors and friendly service, and I covet restaurants businesses run by immigrants families who are proud of their heritage.   The moment my friends and I sat ourselves at the slightly beat up wooden table, I thought to myself, "This restaurant is perfect."  Cute old man working front of house; proud wife/mother cooking in the back.  This restaurant is like the "Christmas Shoes" of restaurants -- ingeniously constructed to pull at every single one of my heartstrings....And that's why writing this review kills me.We started off with the sampler of tamales, which all came out hot and tasty.  The Ecuadorian tamale was especially delightful.  The pork was moist and full of flavor -- definitely a great note to start on.  I noticed they had Inca Kola.  Another plus!  Off to a great start!Unfortunately, the entrees dropped the ball big time.  I ordered the mahi mahi stew with yucca root; my friend Elaine got the Ecuadorian churrasco, and my friend Ravi got Mi Bandera(?).  I will chalk it up to the fact that it was a tad bit busy and the server/owner was kind of all over the place, but it seemed as though our food had been waiting for a while before being presented to us.  The pork on Ravi's plate was lukewarm and dry, as was the "steak" (which appeared to simply be a thin slice of top round) on Elaine's plate.  Both had some flavor, but the flavors weren't particularly vibrant.  The churrasco in particular could have used a boost.  My fish was fine.  The broth was very tangy, but I'm a vinegar-lovin' Filipino, and so I like things on the tangier side, but other than the few pieces of fish and yucca, there wasn't much more to the dish.  It needed a bit more substance; it seemed almost as though it was meant to be served with a plate full of rice.  On the plus side, the plantains were cooked perfectly.I want to believe that the mistake was ours, and that we ordered the wrong entrees for our palettes, but the sad truth is that my friends that night and I are very forgiving diners with adventurous palettes, andMi Comida disappointed us.  The novelty of South American cuisine in Phoenix makes this restaurant worth a look and I truly do wish the restaurant the best, but based on this experience, the chances of me returning are pretty slim.
5	I only give five stars to places that I have been multiple times and been consistently impressed by both the products and the service.  It has to be a place that I would absolutely recommend to anyone, any time.  It has to be, dollar for dollar, a better overall experience. Mi Cocina, Mi Pais (their name before some ridiculous chain bearing the same name threatened a law suit) unquestionably fits the bill, and was my regular restaurant during grad school.  I have brought several people to dinner here only to have them leave in gushing awe. The food and service are simply soulful.It's a challenge to find something that I didn't like there, but I found they are especially good at the slow cooking stuff - stews and the like.  The highlight for me is their sanduche de puerco - a slow cooked pork sandwich served with their incredible and noteworthy aji (a salsa so flavorful and addictive that it deserves a special place of honor).Mi Cocina, Mi Pais is the sort of place that happens when owners take pride in their food and see their products as a reflection of themselves and their home.  Recommended.
4	My wife is Peruvian, so we were both very excited to try a new South American restaurant.  The place is very small, with just about six tables, but they are also short-handed on staff--be prepared for slow service and excellent food.The menu is primarily Ecuadorian, Peruvian, and Colombian, but is peppered with dishes from other nearby countries such as Argentina.  We tried several traditional dishes, including churrasco (steak w/ eggs, fries, plantains, and rice), ceviche de pescado, empanada de pollo (chicken pastry), sango de camarones (shrimp in a peanut soup), and chicha morada (refreshing Peruvian purple corn drink).  Everything was expertly prepared and came out piping hot from the kitchen.  It felt like a home-cooked meal.There aren't many non-Brazilian South American restaurants around, which makes Mi Comida that much more valuable.  It's on par with Contigo Peru in Mesa, which is another one I'd highly recommend.  Mi Comida has character, serving up authentic traditional dishes the way they're done back home in a cozy atmosphere.  It is not to be missed.Call ahead to ensure they're open--they have odd business hours that tend to change.
4	The food is fresh and natural tasting. It's simple in ingredients, but complex in flavor. It's not loaded with cheese or heavy sauces. It feels light but filling.The restaurant is small and charming. It was busy the afternoon we lunched there and ended up waiting an hour for the food. We didn't complain, though, because it seemed as if they were short of staff and our server was elderly.
5	I've only tried their Ecuadorian Tamales and La Bandeja Paisa, but if the rest of their food is half as good as those two things, this place is still 5 stars. The Ecuadorian Tamale was especially good.How people can walk into the Taco Bell when this place is right behind it, is beyond me. First time trying plantains as well. I'm a fan.
4	After much anticipation my husband and I finally tried Mi Comida last night. I am so glad we did! We got there about 8:30 and the place was packed with a small group of people waiting for a table outside. (No other place to wait.) We waited for about 15 minutes, while trying not to stare at the what everyone is eating outside. When we were finally seated we waited another 15 minutes to get our order taken. The only person running the front of the house is a very cute older gentleman with a heavy accent. So service was a bit slow... After he took our order we waited patiently for our beers. For about about another 10 minutes. The man realized he forgot our beers, apologized, and went and grabbed them. But seriously, this man is so damn sweet it is hard to get mad at him. His smile melted any annoyance that was building up inside of us. Our food finally came. I ordered the green chili and cheese tamale, the plantain and cheese empanada, the vegetable flan, and a side of beans. The tamale and empanada  were excellent. Very flavorful. I didn't like the vegetable flan though. The texture was a bit off, like molded baby food. And I should of asked about the beans, because they had pork in them. (I'm a vegetarian.) My husband happily ate them. He said they were delicious. My husband ordered a ceviche plate and a pork empanada. He said it was great. We will definitely be back. The menu is huge and we can't wait to try some new dishes!
3	We went here for dinner last night.  After leaving our house in CenPho around 6:30, we arrived home around 10:30.  Traffic was normal.  The place was full when we arrived a little after 7, but a table became available 10 minutes after we arrived.  Save for a party of two, none of the people sitting in the restaurant had food.  Understandably, we were last in the queue for a full house, but we didn't even get drinks until 8:30.   That means we had to sit under fluorescent lights with nothing but a screaming baby to soothe our nerves.  It felt like waiting for your name to get called in an emergency room.  Over the course of the evenng, three other parties arrived after we did, and their wait for food and drink was not as long.  I understand that timing is everything and we probably came at the worst possible time.   That said, after reading other Yelpers say that service was slow, we had no way of knowing that "slow" meant we would wait more than an hour for drinks, more than 1.5 hours for appetizers, and about 2 hours for food.  Under fluorescent lights.  With a boor or two yelling nearby.Am I complaining about service?  No, because the old man that ran the joint did all that he could.  He was as sweet as can be.  It just may be that a little place like this cannot handle all the business from all the buzz. The Ecuadorian fish ceviche was unbelievably good and hearty.  Seco de chivo (goat stew) was tasty.  Love the plaintains.  The merlot was surprisingly good (no burn going down despite the low price tag of $4.50/glass).  We had 3 kinds of empanadas -- two were okay, one was not good.  Hubby's steak was flavorful but tough.  The food is worth the price and I strongly suspect that the kitchen performs better when the place is not packed to the gills.  I would come back if I am nearby, but a taco from Taco Bell beforehand would probably improve matters.
5	Nice family owned restaurant with delicious South American food.I'd highly recommend it
4	I grew up in Ecuador,  and travelled across South America through my teens for several swim meets.  I love this place.  The food is the closes you can get to authentic.  I love the Mi Bandera (in Ecuador this dish is called Yapingachos), of course I have to love it, it has potato patties filled with cheese, what's not to love.  The ceviche is perfect, they even serve it with popcorn, the way the do it in Ecuador.  I love their Flan de Coco, coconut flan, so yummy I can feel my hips expanding just thinking about it.  I usually go on a binge when I have dessert.  It is good for my waistline that they are about 25 miles away from my home or I would be there every week.
5	Everything I have ever got is very good. The pork sandwich is killer! You can also get takeout which they dont really advertise.
5	How does anybody stop at the Taco Bell across the parking lot?Great food, great prices. I rarely order beef, except here. The appetizers are delicious and filling, perfect for a quick lunch by themselves. The tamales are some of the best ever. Don't come if you're in a hurry, but if you understand that the service will be slow, you won't be disappointed because it's very friendly. It's a small place, but I've never had to wait for a seat. One of my favorite restaurants in town.
5	I really had an enjoyable dinner here.The waiter/owner (I'm guessing) was awesome. He was cracking jokes with us and was really fun.  So what did we have? Now he was the only guy running around in this little restaurant (maybe like 6 or 7 tables) so he was plenty busy. Yet, he was still pretty attentive of our table. The guy was hilarious though... definitely made the meal more enjoyable.This is what I remember having (it's has been about 3 weeks since my trip to Arizona):Inca Cola and the columbian pop as well... I split half a can of each with my brother. Not too bad... both were kind of too sweet for me.The Tamale Sampler platter:a red, green and Ecuadorian tamale. The Ecuadorian tamale was really tasty. The pork and vegetable combination in that tamale really went together well. The others were Mexican style, which I felt were good, but readily available at other restaurants.The Queen Arepa was delicious. Definitely worth a try.There was a shrimp dish that was kind of like a gumbo. I wish I remembered what it was called. Did not disappoint.Lastly, we had some sort of fish dish in a banana leaf. I didn't really like the flavoring of the fish. I guess it was just an odd mix of spices that I didn't find too appealing. All in all, a really awesome meal, even though I wasn't a fan of the fish. I would definitely go back whenever I'm in Phoenix.
4	Real Deal great food here. I have held off on my reviews as I only have been there 2 times. The first time I tried what you would call a sampler platter. It had a little bit of everything. I scarfed it down and was wanting more! The second time was for lunch. I had an Empanada trio. Each one was so unique and flavorful I wanted more again. The staff is great, friendly and willing to talk for a bit if not too busy. This is a N Phx treasure for sure.
4	Greatest Hispanic food in the valley!
5	This place is the very definition of a hole in the wall. In fact it's wedged in between an appliance repair store and a trash can. There are 5 tables in the place and one outside. But don't let the interior fool you. The sole employee I ever see working here is very kind and energetic. They serve beer and wine which is always a plus in these hole in the walls. The food is great and hearty. Every dish comes with at least 2 other things they throw in a cup for you. My favorite thing here is the Argentina carne asada. But beware, it is HOT. The ceviche is the best I have had in Phoenix and the pork empanadas are great appetizers. All in all I would recommend this place to anyone. There is "safe" food there so you can bring your squeamish friends there to kick their taco bell habits and just enough outside the norm food to please the experimental side in us all. Pricing is great too. Easily 5 stars if I ever seen one.
4	Saw too many great reviews for this place to pass it up.....although I drove by it because it is hard to notice right behind the Taco Bell, so for a second I did pass it up.  It is a tiny little itty bitty restaurant with about 8 or so tables inside.  Service wasn't the best either but that is what is expected at a place like this.  Thank god for the Yelp app because I took one look at the menu and I got dizzy with trying to figure out what I wanted.  I went with Arlin B's recommendation on the sampler tamales and even got a beef turnover.  I was the first one in the place and it only took about an hour to get out of there because they were still setting up (like I said dont go for the service) but the tamales were awesome!  The masa was very moist which is huge and they had plenty of stuffing in each.  The Ecuadorian tamale was different but still very good, the green was the best with large green chilies inside, and the red was fantastic as well.  I did not care of the turn over and the salsa was spicy but to much of a tomato taste to it.  Maybe that is authentic Ecuadorian and if that is the case those folks have terrible taste.  The overall experience was worth it and I would go again....probably take out.  Bring your patience..... or a book.
5	Absolutely love this place.      Its very difficult to see from the road and doesn't look like anything special once you're inside but the food is phenomenal.      It tastes like what your Ecuadorean mother would make if you had an Ecuadorean mother.      It's a completely family run restaurant, the son and the father work the front of the house while the mother handles everything back in the kitchen.      Have been here many times, have tried most of the stuff on the menu and plan to keep coming back here for many years to come.  As a warning, this is hardly standard American fare and I've noticed other reviewers coming in disappointed because the food isn't Taco Bell or On the Border.      This is hearty and authentic South American food, something you'd be likely to find in Ecuador or Peru and done very well at that.
5	Be sure to put this one on your "must try" list if you are a fan of authentic ethnic food! Menu is extensive with chiefly Ecuadorian, Peruvian, and Colombian dishes. Even the drink and dessert menu boasts authentic dishes you will not find just anywhere. Portions were generous, food was served hot, and the presentation of the serving made me feel like I was away on a brief vacation! Our server appeared to be the owner. He was genuinely friendly as well as attentive. Wait time for the meal was under 30 minutes, which is what I would reasonably expect for a homestyle restaurant with good food made to order. If you are looking for an appetizer, I recommend pork empanadas. They are reminiscent of the meat pies you will find throughout many countries in Latin America. Meats are well represented on the menu. You will find beef, chicken, pork, goat, fish, and shrimp dishes to suit most tastes. Seasoning is just right, and the homemade salsa was served on the side of my entree in a little ceramic cup, which was tasty and spicy enough to satisfy my craving for heat. The tamales as well as the fish are steamed in a banana leaf (typical of Central and South America). The flavor the banana leaf lends to the steamed dish is uniquely different (in case you are not familiar, the banana leaf is not edible). Most dishes are served with fried plantains, which are out of this world! Dinner prices are reasonable and range from $6.99 to $11.89 per entree. The restaurant is very small and the decor is simple and native of the region of cuisine, which adds to the true feel of the experience. My gut reaction is to keep returning and eventually try everything on the menu. Our party had the same exact reaction as the previous reviewer as we walked out of the restaurant. "How does anybody stop at the Taco Bell across the parking lot?"
3	Haven't been here in years since it changed from mi cocina mi pais but the charm is still there. Cute and tiny mom-and-pop place with friendly albeit limited service.  The menu is more geared towards comfort-food latin american staples - ceviches, empanadas, stews, and sides such as plaintains and rice.  Solid choice if you're in the area...
5	Wow, the food here is so good and very cheap. Our Family ate here under $20 and had so much food left over. Plan on waiting a little bit for your food as everything is cooked fresh as you order it. But it is definitely worth the wait. Everything we ordered was delicious. We asked the owner / waiter what to recommend & tried a variety of items. The tamales & beans we the best restaurant tamales I have ever had, they will keep us going back for more!
4	As a South American in Phoenix, I find there are few true South American restaurants that don't completely bend to Mexican food traditions...  So I was delighted to find a Reina Pepiada Arepa from my home Venezuela, and many other true South American dishes. The service is a little slow, so don't go there if you are really hungry already or in a rush ... but well worth it. Will repeat!
4	Such a unique, quaint place to eat with authentic Equadorian Food. The service is slow but only because the owner prepares each gourmet meal by herself while her son waits tables. Very good service, delicious food, and all in all a wonderful experience! Would recommend Mi Comida to anyone!
4	I'm not used to finding delicious food in a strip mall. I'll have to get over that now that I no longer live in Chicago. When we arrived yesterday evening we were the only people there, but it quickly filled up. I thought the restaurant served Mexican food and was pleasantly surprised to discover Peruvian, Ecuadorian and Colombian influences. Total we had arepas, tamalas and Peruvian carne asada and we very pleased. The only con is that the service is slow. Our waiter was an older gentleman who moved at a slower pace. When you think about it....what's the hurry?
4	It is finding places like this that makes Yelp so awesome! My Husband and I would have never walked in but for the great reviews, and we were glad we did! The place is small but the menu is rather large. My recommendation is to pick a plate that includes beef - the beef is really tasty. The empanadas are okay- we had two different ones. We had a pastry with guava and cream cheese for dessert and it was lovely. The filling reminded me of rhubarb.
5	This place is amazing! Though there are few tables, meaning you may wait up to an hour for a table, the food is well worth the wait. The carne asada is incredible, so simple and yet so flavorful, and the tamales are absolutely delicious.This is definitely a restaurant worth your time but make sure to go there with plenty of time to spare.
4	at first I was skeptical about the place. but will give it a try anyway.it took forever for our food to come in, because we didn't order the lunch special but order a tons of authentic food. 2 appetizer and 2 main dishes. unfortunately I can't pronounce or remember the name of the items we ordered. but the food was amazing. you have to ask for their special salsa. awesome. I asked for 2nd, and they say. well. we sell these and don't give out to customer. lol.anyway, the sour fish was ok. but the tamales is not your average mexican tamales. and don't call their food mexican food. because they are not.what we ordered was colombian food and they were goood. and the purple drink was good as well.
5	Mi Comida is EXCELLENT.  I've been a dozen times or so (used to be called Mi Cocina Mi Pais, which means my kitchen my country).The food is 5 stars but be ready to explore when you get there.  Not much is typical about the menu.  Even the beers are not what you normally see.  There are 3 different types of ceviche.  The one with white fish is the star bur all are great.You must, MUST, get the Ecuadorian tamale.  It is wrapped in a banana leaf and just to die for.  They are darn big and run about $2.50.My wife almost always gets the chicken stew.  So simple and so yummy.  I have a hard time staying away from the Bandera.  It is a Colombian collection of rice, sausage, fried egg, plantains, beef and an arapa (a little cake of masa).  Yikes is it good.The fish wrapped in a banana leaf is also wonderful.  Every dish on the menu is a star.  I'd recommend you stay away from the empanadas and traditional Mexican style tamales.  Not because they are bad, but only because there are other much more defined stand outs on the menu.There are only 5 tables inside and it is located in a strip mall behind a Taco Bell.  Don't be fooled by the location.  Don't go here if you are in a hurry.  You must relax and enjoy.  Only one person cooks and only one person serves.The Chef/Cook/Owners husband or son will be your waiter.  The husband is hard to understand but it just adds to the charm.  The son is soft spoken and great.  The chef is classically trained and worked at the Four Seasons for many years before she started this restaurant making the food she loves and grew up with. Mi Comida is a special place.
4	Simply Amazing.  Being a vegetarian, there aren't many Hispanic restaurants that cater to my dinning morals.  Mi Comida veers away from this sad trend and offers exquisite vegetarian options which include plantains, lentils, vegetable flan (delicious), and more.  The food is surprisingly healthy and there is only vegetable and olive oil in they're goods.
4	Absolutely love Mi Comida, their food is amazing even if it does take a while to get to you. I wouldn't recommend going on a weekend night, I've waited more than 30 minutes outside for a table before finally leaving on two different occasions. Food is really incredible though, and if it looked like a table was going to open up I would have waited longer.
5	AHmazing... loved the tamales, the service and the mango shake! The waiter was so helpful and patient as I was not able to understand all the options on the menu... his recomendations turned out to be delicious and I am so happy I found this place with the help of yelp! I hope if you want so authentic food you give this place a try you will love it :) The presentation of the food also was impressive... and it tasted as great as it looked!
5	Probably the best restaurant I've found in Glendale.  It is a nice change of pace from the chain restaurants in the area.  I've been here 4 or 5 times since I moved here and always had the same thing.  I keep telling myself I'll eat something other than the empanadas, tamales, and arepas; but they're so good that I can't stop myself from ordering them.  I wasn't very impressed with the ceviche.  You get a huge serving of it, but there was way too much acidity for my taste.  The restaurant is small, and service isn't very fast.  But it's owned by a husband and wife with the husband taking care of the front of house and the wife cooking, and they are super nice.  I will definitely be back!
4	Just had lunch here and it was pretty good. I got the tamale sampler. I like the ecuadorean tamale, then the red and the green the least. Chips and salsa was great. And I got the flan dessert to go and I'm glad I did. It's pretty good.
5	This is the MOST AMAZING PLACE EVER!!!!***** I feel in love with this small restaurant as soon as we walked in!!!THE OWNER Carlos is FANTASTIC and the food was the best Latin food I have had in my short lived life so far!!! It is simply GREAT, AMAZING, AWESOME, a MUST TRY!! **I had the Encocados de Camaron, it is shrimp in a milky coconut curry sauce with white rice, along with little plantain chips on the side, Mmm GOOD!! ** My best bud Shashi got their Carne Asada plate, which included a spicy, juicy carne asada steak with lentils and white rice!! I also tasted this and it was AMAZING!!!***Great place you MUST GO TRY, it was far from my home, but well worth the drive and wait on our plates, since it is all freshly made from scratch.** I also took 2 of the Guayaba cheese filled empanadas to go for my mom and dad!!THE WERE ALSO AMAZING, I had a bite or two!! :)
5	Incredible Ecuadoran food. Clean, great service and family atmosphere. Try the seco de pollo or the sudado de pescado. When they have guava mousse, order it for dessert. It's sublime!
4	My sister actually found this little gem while looking for latin american restaurants in Arizona. It was a bit of a drive for my family but overall, it was totally worth it. The food was inexpensive and very good! We got the ecuadorian fish ceviche to start and it was definitely enough for all four of us - huge portion and very fresh. We also got the ecuadorian tamale and the beef and pork empanadas as appetizers. I would come back solely for the pork empanada and the tamale! As an entree I got the banana leaf wrapped fish which was cooked very well and came with a bunch of really flavorful veggies and sauce on the top. The food was awesome and extremely reasonably priced. the tamale and pork empanadas were the stars of the night, the ceviche was also a hit! The only negatives were the service was a little slow and the owner was difficult to understand but very friendly and cute! I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a little hole in the wall latin american restaurant with great food!
4	I happened to be on this side of town - a rarity - and my friend brought me here for lunch. Now i'm a little sad that it's so far away!One thing about this place though - you have to know what you're getting into. This is a tiny, family owned place. There aren't a whole lot of tables (don't know how busy they ever get) and if you're in a hurry, go someplace else. The owner / waiter is on the older side and, well, just isn't in a rush these days i guess. If you're in the mood to relax, enjoy good food, and enjoy the company you're with, this is a good spot. The dish i tried was great (don't remember what it was called), my buddy had the carne asada (spicy) and it was very good (but really - super spicy. they have a not-spicy version too.) They also had a lot of items on the menu for pretty cheap.All in all, a great little place to break away from the norm if you're in the mood for something different.
5	This place is crazy good. As other reviewers have mentioned, it's definitely a "mom and pop" place with limited seating and slower service. But your service comes with a smile from a nice old guy who seems genuinely happy to have your business, which is becoming rarer all the time.If you don't know anything about Ecuadorian food, you will have a good time and a lot of surprises exploring the menu. They have some things you might recognize by name, like tamales and empanadas, but bear in mind they are prepared in a different style from what Mexican restaurants would serve.Be a little adventurous and try some things that might be new to you--I don't think you can go wrong at Mi Comida!
5	Family owned and operated restaurant with mom and pop charm. I went here for dinner and enjoyed their food very much. We ordered the shrimp in coconut sauce as an appetizer. The dish came with crushed and fried plantain on the side and was absolutely delish! For dinner we ordered the Tamale Sampler and the Carne Asada, both were wonderful and full of flavor. Since I had read the Yelp reviews prior to going I could not resist trying their desserts. The CoconutFlan was super tasty and now is one of my favorites. The service was great and reminded me of European style service. I will definitely eat here again!
5	A Gem!  I'm in love!!! Food here is super tasty and fresh. The owners are Adorable!  It's awesome to find amazing and otherwise never to be known eateries on Yelp.  For a cute lil mom and pop spot, with charm and authenticity and deliciously soulful food, Mi Comida Restaurante Latino takes the cake!
5	I trusted the Yelp community and found yet another hidden gem. Mi Comida is tucked away behind a Taco Bell in a strip mall. When you walk in it's a little shocking how small the place is. The service was a bit slow. As other have said there is only one older gentleman that seems to do all the serving. He was very friendly but moved at his own pace. The food makes up for any other shortfalls this place might have. We were a party of 5 and ALL of us enjoyed our food immensely. I know nothing of the South American authenticity but I know taste and this meal was plain great. Bookmark this place now and give it a try next time you're felling adventurous. You'll thank me later.
5	LOVE this place and I miss it so much!Be warned: slow service, but WORTH IT! A little old man works there. He walks slow and he's hard to understand, but he is so nice to talk to and I can't get enough of his food! It's definitely on my list of top 5 favorite restaurants (sometimes number 1 depending on what mood I'm in).I highly recommend the coconut shrimp (something Cocado), Mi Bandido, and the wonderfully strange mango drink! It's creamy and so tasty! My husband LOVES the Carne Asada. I can't WAIT to go back! I highly recommend this place!
5	THIS Little restaurant is my best friends favorite... and I don't blame him, this place is great!!! The food is oh so amazingly fresh and full of taste buds satisfying sensations to your mouth!!!_ Carlos, the owner is fantastic!! :)  Small place, but great food and great service!! :) Give it a try if you haven't yet!! The service wait time was moderate, considering it's own and operated by the owner and a small kitchen staff, the wait time then is understandable!!  MY MOST FAVORITE THING FROM THIS PLACE IS the must try ENCOCADOS DE CAMARON, AND the also wonderful GUANABANA SHAKE!!! OH SOOO GREAT!!!
4	Hit & miss, I've been here a couple of times and they do have some amazing items like the Ecuadorian tamale but the other items I've tried out aren't that great. I wish I could find something else on the menu to love but, the tamales deserve a trip just don't expect everything you try to be as delicious.
4	Went to this place with a group of coworkers a few months back (July 2012~)We enjoy trying new places and new food, so we really liked this place.The food was delicious, presented beautifully (you would not expect that from a tiny place like this)They have a couple of unusual beverages and I ordered pitchers for our table so everyone could try them if they wished to do so. I did like them, I think it was purple corn and oats...I am only giving 4 stars because the chairs and the salt and pepper shakers looked like they could use a really good cleaning... : ( I couldn't bring myself to say anything about it but... it should not be necessary, the owners should be careful with that kind of stuff... Right?
4	We needed a good place for lunch near the airport and found this place on Yelp! Situated in a small strip mall and very modest inside, but the food is excellent. We started with the tamale combo and really enjoyed it.  We really liked the Ecuadorian tamale. We also got the potatoes with cheese sauce, topped with egg and olives. It was good but we've had better in Dallas; the cheese sauce lacked the spicy kick that we get at Peruvian places in Dallas. The topper was their empanadas. I got the chicken and the wife got the pork. They were the best empanadas that we have had in the US! They were simply excellent, with a complex of flavors. The service is a bit slow but I think that is because everything is made fresh to order. This place is small and may be out of the way for most people, but the prices and food cannot be beat. We were to happy that Yelpers led us to this great find. We would return in a heartbeat.
5	Me and my son's favorite place!  Get the Ecuadorean tamales and seco de pollo!  Apple soda is great too!PS:  Expect slower service, because it is TRULY mom and pop.  If you go in with this attitude, you'll really enjoy the experience.  If you want quick, timely servers that ask you how food is every 30 seconds, you may want to try Olive Garden or something.
4	Hole in the wall place stars given for food not service! I saw many plates and all looked amazing I wanted to try them all !! I had the spicy beef which was awesome I love the red marinade. I asked the little old man you see in the photos for a recommendation and it was like pulling teeth so don't expect much from him. He was captivated by his little tv and not serving. I would go back any day for the food
5	I loved this place so much that I started writing the review at the restaurant before I left!  The food here is delicious.  I tried 2 entrees.  Why not order lunch for tomorrow.  Haha.I had a fish dish and my all time favorite, bandeja paisa, actually a Columbian dish.  Both were delicious.  My dish was Everything I remembered about Bandeja Paisa.  Beans seasoned to perfection.  Steak marinated just right.  Even the plain white rice rated better than any plain white rice I've had.  It was cooked just salty enough and just fluffy enough.  Perfect!Don't come here expecting the traditional restaurant. This place is small.  I counted... There were exactly 6 tables that seat 4 people.  That's 24 seats!  don't go there if you are in a rush!  The food is cooked to order.  Home cooked food takes time.  The gentleman, Carlos, that waited on me seemed like he took his time because they understand it takes time to make good food.I even found that the folks in the restaurant were extremely friendly.  There was a regular customer there that day that kept me entertained the entire time I was there.  Keep in mind, this is a small establishment and it is not fast food, just amazing food.
5	As advertised; real deal Ecuadorian/Peruvian perfection.  Can't wait to go back!
5	If my world were calorie and cholesterol free, I'd dine every day on the trout.  Not to mention the coconut flan!  If you don't try that flan on one of your visits I pity your taste buds.  Food is always hot and fresh.  Server is usually the same and pretty friendly.  The guy will work his buns off to make you happy.  Meals are reasonably priced but worth the bit of splurge.  What to try?  The Ecuadorean tamales, the trout and the coconut flan.  You will love the red onion relish - I could eat that stuff every day!
4	Be sure to try their "cola" & Columbiana sodas...Love em and the mom and pop feel of this place.
5	I love the food this place serves. I had the Bandeja Paisa which was amazing. The service is a bit slow, but the wait is worth it. I recommend this place to any one looking for good Ecuadorian food.
5	Awesome authentic Ecuadorian food. .. whole in the wall but delicious. I had the Bandeja Paisa and it was very flavorful. Word of advice if you go there make sure you go there to wait. They take a little longer than a regular restaurant but it's worth the wait. I will go back
3	Great food, ridiculously slow service. If they hired a wait staff the place would be over the moon good. Everything is delish...just bring a good book, Ipad, or puzzle to pass the time.
2	Very small 'hole in the wall' place.     Took forever to get our food.  The food was authentic, but I don't think worth the wait.
5	First time here, hidden gem.  Can't wait to go back again, which I think is the best compliment you can give a restaurant.  The menu is insanely extensive and I want to eat my way through the whole thing!  We were there on a Monday night with a group of 6, and service was fine.  Place wasn't too busy, and it WAS a Monday, so I can't comment on others' complaints about service.  We were having a great time  and the food was wonderful, so we were happy.FYI The shrimp empanada was bland, but the Saltenas was really good.  love the funky soda selection.
5	We stumbled upon this place by happenstance, and I'm so glad we did! We ordered a few different empanadas (colombian, panamanian, and I think ecuadorian) to share as well as an order of maduros, all of which were delicious. Then we finished with our own orders of coconut flan, which was HUGE and heavenly! I want to go back again real soon!
5	Tamales, tamales, tamales..After reading reviews with lesser ratings I would have to imagine these must have come on a full moon. The gentlemen serving is incredibly nice, charmingly unique, and completely respectable.The  tamale sampler was awesome, but more importantly the ceviche de camaron, Peruvian style, will be a dish not soon forgotten.Can't believe I waited so long to try this diamond in the rough.
4	With out a doubt this is among the best places in the area to dine and it happens to be a little Ecuadorian Cafe. This place is tiny maybe only five tables and the only server is the chef's husband. I've been here many times before but I came very often and burnt myself out ordering the same few things so I decided to start fresh and try new things.They offer many ceviches including an interesting vegetarian variety made with Lupini Beans. I decided to try the Ecuadorian Style Ceviche. We were warned by the server it was very spicy and it was very spicy. It was fresh Cod in lime juice with tomatoes and pickled red onions. This was a very bold dish. They gave us dishes with spoons to eat it but I was getting too much lime and it would have been better with a fork. The pop corn sort of balanced your mouth from all the flavors in this dish. I thought it was a very generous serving.I really liked the grilled trout because it was seasoned just so and seemed to have a tasty wood fired taste on it. The fish wasn't perfect as the texture was a little off and ever so slightly over cooked but still very delicious. The salad that came with it was made with high end greens and had a tongue pleasing sweet mustard vinaigrette taste to it. I had my choice of side and picked rice. It was fresh and tasted buttered.I don't remember what my husband's plate was called but I think of it as a man plate sampler. It was tasty tender steak and beans, sausage, crispy pork skin, an egg, avocado, plantains two ways, rice, an arepa and a relish. It cost very little to dine here as my trout dinner was only $10.95 the value for certain is five stars.
4	The BF and I went to Mi Comida with the International Supper Club this past week and it was an interesting experience. I was so excited to come here because I spent time in South America this past summer and it's hard to find good South American food in Phoenix. This restaurant serves Bolivian food and other South American foods, so there is a nice variety. The restaurant itself is small and our group took up a good portion of the entire place. The service is slow, but that's a good thing, because you know they are making the food fresh for you. Everyone seemed to enjoy their food, I know we did. I will say, this food was lacking a little in the spice department....I got the aji sauce, which is very spicy in Peru, but was not spicy here. The BF and I shared 3 different empanadas with different fillings....the one with the potato and cheese was amazing, the beef ones were good and the verde were alright. We also got two tamales (pork and potato I think), which were tasty and well made and a side of maduros which were sweet and delicious, in addition to not being burnt like they often are when served at Cuban restaurants. I would recommend this restaurant if you are in the area!
4	Mi Comida was the place picked for the International Supper Club UYE for September and I for one was excited to try them out!As others have stated this place is small, and if you are in a hurry, then skip it all together.  With that being said, we all arrived around the same time, and Carlos, who I guess is the owner, waited on us, and I have to say Carlos was amazing, gave us all personal attention, took each person's order one at a time and yes the dishes came out that way as well. But I have to say this was one of the best dinning experiences I have had in a very long time. I enjoyed the fact that we were not rushed and that we all were able to carry on a conversation and enjoy some great food! So if you are not in a hurry and are looking for great personal service, this is your place!I knew before I got there I wanted tamales! I have been craving tamales, but I didn't want the normal run of the mill tamales!  I ordered Tamale de papa, which on the menu said its made in the highlands of Ecuador, it was made with a potato cheese dough (hello this Irish girl loves potatoes!!) and it was filled with chicken, veggies and a slice of chorizo wrapped in a banana leaf, it was pretty darn tasty! Really enjoyed it!I also ordered the Pastel Crillo De Pollo - chicken, veggies and aji chilli wrapped inside a pastry puff, this too was delish!!    I crave/love spicy foods, and Carlos brought out some aji sauce and said that it was spicy, for me, it was lacking the heat, but made up for the amazing flavor it had. That stuff is delish! Impeccable service, excellent food, amazing company, hope to be back soon!
4	A great little spot.  My friends took me here for my going away party.  It is small and in a strip mall.  The gentleman, who helped us, was friendly.  The chips and salsa were delicious.  I got the tamale sampler and it was really good. I loved all three but really enjoyed the cheese/green chili one.  The prices were very reasonable!!!  I couldn't believe we were the only ones in there.
4	Went here for the International UYE.  I have been meaning to try this place since before I was a Yelper. Glad I got the chance.  All of us knew there was one waiter and one cook in a tiny kitchen in advance so having the food come out as it was ready for each of us was not a problem and all of the dishes seemed properly done.  I wish more large groups and small restaurants would accept that as normal practice. As with any restaurant there were some items that were misses based on expectations.  Overall most of us liked what we had.  The owner ran the front of the house well while his wife/ co owner did all the cooking.  It was a very pleasant evening and the pace allowed us do quite a bit of chatting without feeling rushed.  There were also several good sized to go orders picked up while we were there.  I got the impression that they were not phoned in as it seemed folks stood around a bit waiting for their orders.
5	I have brought many people in over the years and they always love the food.  I was an exchange student in Colombia and found the food very authentic.  Lomo Fino Saltado is great, as is the Churrasco (Ecuadorian is what I had). Bandeja Paisa will satisfy any carnivore.  I always leave stuffed as I begin every meal with the Arepas Con Queso and the Yuca Frita.  Gotta have them when I go as no one else serves them.   Go at an off hour for faster service, though it will still be a bit slow.  Or, place your order to go and pick it up after some shopping or something.   Otherwise,  you will find the owner friendly, chatty and talkative with every table and giving unhurried attention to all his guests.  This will be disconcerting if you are in a hurry at all.   Go when you want to settle and chat.
5	Awesome modest little restaurant with super service from the owner. I had the Queen Arepa, the pork empanada and the Equadorian tamale. All the food was fantastic. I am definitely going to be ordering some tamales and empanadas for the holidays.
4	Excellent Latin restaurant near 43rd ave and Bell rd.. behind the Taco Bell small family run Ecuadorian, Peruvian, and Columbian style Cafe.the Tamales are among the best I have had..I had a combination plate with Carne Asada, whole beans, fried plantains, a sausage, a slice of deep fried pork belly with skin, a plantain fritter, a fried egg, rice, avocado, and aji relish.the whole beans were amazing.  the ahi chili relish hot and tasty. the steak had just the right amount of seasoning and flavor. A huge amount of food.Give Mi Comida a try. Your tummy will be happy.
5	Fantastic!  We picked up some tamales,  empanadas arepas and guayaba to go and it was as Will Feral once said "scrumptrelecent".   I have never had an Ecuadorian Tamale before and its friggin awesome.      We will definitely be back for more..
4	Boy, we had fun here.  Food was slow coming, but obviously was made to order.  Best lentils I've ever had.  Plantains were amazing.  Beef was a bit dry, but very flavorful.  Eclectic menu, and I look forward to trying more items.  The owner? gentleman, server was very friendly and helpful.  Great choice for lunch or dinner.
5	It has been a very long time since I have been as impressed by a meal. After moving to the North Phoenix area, I was excited to find a new Latin restaurant because I am a huge tamale fan. After reading reviews of Mi Comida, my boyfriend and I decided to give it a go. I will not bore you with what the inside looked like, or what the ambience was like. All you need to know is that the food is affordable, and it is DELICIOUS. The tamales may be the best I have ever had. The brisket was so tender that chewing was optional. The turnover was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Everything we have ordered there is a five star item, including the Brazilian beer I ordered on a whim. The most expensive item on the menu is less than $15, and the portions are hearty to say the least. This is the best restaurant I have eaten at in North Phoenix thus far, and may be for a long while.
5	Amazing South American food! Amazing service!!!! The staff was so nice. I felt like I was at home.
4	Good food. Great Service. Great people.A true mom and pop shop and their food reflects the same. Could remind you of your grandmother's cooking. My personal favorite is the Carne Asada and Ceviche however.Make sure you have plenty of time as they really cook the meals and not just reheat stuff already cooked.
5	I was introduced to this mom and pop place by my good friend. It is just mind blowing to come to a place with such diverse culturesVenezuelan, Peruvian, Ecuadorean, styled dishes that are large in size, beautifully displayed, not to mention tasty to the last bite.  They also have special drinks from each country (sodas and beer) if you want to try.  The price is just right and if anything it is definitely on the affordable end of the spectrum. Small place with a men's and women's bathroom right by the door. There are several small tables to fit 4-6 ppl each.  A good place for family dining or just a bunch of friends.I got the shrimp ceviche, and it was awesome by quantity, texture and taste, enough lime juice so it gives good flavor without the sourness. A large portion of shrimp that me and my friends couldn't even finish (we got dishes to share)Will definitely return!!
5	I went on a Sunday night just before it was closing around 6:30 pm. My first impression was that the decor and space was lacking but then I tried the food! Everything I tried was amazing and was not greasy at all. I had grilled trout with rice and my boyfriend had an empanada and an arepa. All of the dishes were superb and we will definitely be returning. We both recently moved to the west side for school and this restaurant is by far our favorite on this side of town!
4	Tiny mom-n-pop shop with wonderful food, delightfully homey atmosphere, and a charming ancient server who makes you feel perfectly content to wait a little longer than usual for food and drinks that are well worth the wait and the regular (non-divey) prices.  We tasted many of the tamales and appetizers, and even picked them up for Christmas dinner one year - delicious!!  The only downside is that they are authentic, so I'm fairly certian they use lard and such.We live a bit far these days, so we rarely venture out there.  Please have some yummy tamales there, for me!
5	Yes Yes Yes!  Great Lunch at Mi Comida - I ordered the Ecuadorean Tamales, Chicken Salad and the baked Empanada.  All were excellent!  My husband tried their Columbian Bandeja Paisa - Delicious!  Service is friendly, food is fresh and to die for!  Glad to have dined in this Mom & Pop Restaurant :)  Thanks for your recommendations Yelpers!
5	Must be patient..... Restaurant ran by literally two people.  Great food worth the wait.   Enpanadas, tamales way to go. Their ceviche awesome too.
4	My husband and I stopped by on our way up to Sedona. I use the phrase "stopped by" very loosely because service... was... slow. The 4 star rating is earned based on one man serving the entire 6 table restaurant and the excellent food.    The tamales, ceviche and "banana leaf wrapped fish" was delicious. I believe prep takes a while which could have led to the hour and a half dining experience.  Parking is super easy. Get here early and try something new!
2	Over salted food. Sort of crappy service. The rice was way too sticky. Not sure why this place is rated so highly.
2	Good food, incredibly slow service.  Came here earlier tonight during a storm after seeing the yelp reviews.  There was only one guy working and one in the kitchen and there were maybe only 3 other tables in the whole place.  It took 10-15 minutes to get him to come take our order .  Another 45 minutes for a small appetizer of fried plantains and then another 25 for our order to get there.  We thought about leaving multiple times but didn't have any cash on us and couldn't come up with any alternatives.  The food itself was good but be prepared for a long wait.
4	Tiny little place in a strip mall that you would pass by a million of times but once you do stop, you won't be disappointed. All of the handmade tamales are fantastic as is the ceviche. Not great for large parties since they only have about 6 or so tables but a great stop for some great food.
4	Delicious! Small hole in the wall, slow service but owned and operated by the cutest little couple! Your in for a treat here!
5	If you are into the "American" way of eating fast and moving on eat at the Taco Bell across the street. If you like to enjoy your meal at a relaxed pace this place is for you. The tamales were great and the ceviche had a great kick.  Great food served with as mile, thanks!
4	Wow, my food and was great! Service was decent.
5	A little old lady back in the kitchen working Latin magic while her little old man counterpart runs the front... yes please. The yucca frita will change your life! Authentic and wonderful. This place is a great find.
5	A fantastically pleasant and authentic Latin American restaurant. Mix ofVenezuelan, Peruvian, Ecuadorean, Colombian (basically South American) dishes with large portion sizes, attention to detail, and quality ingredients. After living within a few miles of this place for 4 years, my, how glad I am that I found this spot.I had a Peruvian style Churrasco. It had a lean Angus beef sauteed with onions and red and green bell peppers. It had an egg, potatoes, and plantain. There was rice in the middle. The portion size was definitely filling.My wife ordered the encocado de Camaron and loved it. It looked really good and the few portions I had tasted amazing. We took a ceviche de Camaron to go. Server is an older gentleman. Very charming. Very genuine. They accept credit and debit cards.
3	Ya know, this place is not bad.  With only a few tables, this restaurant was packed early on a Saturday night.  The owner is also the only waiter (at least when we were there), so it was a touch slow, but really we didn't mind... based on previous reviews we expected it.  The food was pretty good.  We both cleared our plates, but I just wasn't floored.  I typically love all ethnic food, but I can't say I was blown away.  Either way, everything was solid and tasty.  Clearly homemade, which is always a plus. We tried a variety of food off the menu, including tamales, combo plate, and empanadas.  Everything was quite unique.If you're looking for a "hole in the wall" place with something a bit different, I would say, check this place out!
1	Went to this restaurants with high hopes because of the amount of great reviews; long story short.We had a party of 8 and the owner was not able to accommodate our party due to another party of 8 already there. A total of 5 tables - very small place.Another issue, the place felt like there was no a/c. It is April and today's high is 104; we need a/c!!The owner, an older gentleman appeared overwhelmed when he was told that there are 8 of us; he smiled and said that he was not able to fit us...I ended up asking how long was the food going to take for a party of 8. His response was "well, i have them (pointing the other large party), then them (a couple sitting at the table), and then it will be you guys"  He continued "i will bring the food, but it will not be fast"Needless to mention, we ended up leaving.As far as the one star, this is for the things i have mentioned her in this review. This star is not rating the food, as I was not going to sit there for a long period of time in a place with no a/c...I really want to enjoy my food.
5	Fantastic! If you're lucky enough to catch it empty then you're treated like royalty...service was fast and the food is always amazing.
5	Great food! Best Latin food I've had in a long time. Very authentic. So much so, they hardly speak any English. My only complaint is that the service is a little slow, but I guess that's to be expected when the owner and his wife are they only two people working there. I would recommend it to anyone wanting Latin food. Best place to eat in the area.
5	Outstanding food!  We ordered the Colombian empanada and Ecuadorian tamale.  Several other dishes and all tasted great.  Not a chain and more like food that grandma makes.  Small place but definitely worth checking out.
5	Best place in bell road. Everything I ordered tasted too good and fresh. They have unique cuisine with different recipes, I have ordered several dishes and everything tasted excellent.
4	The food is worth the wait! Everything is made fresh. Favorites are Bandeja Paisa, ceviche, tamales, and the shrimp in coconut milk and veggies (forgot the name)
5	Mi Comida is wonderful. I love everything about it! Well, OK there are a few down-sides to a very small mom and pop spot like this, but the benefits far outweigh them. There are very few tables here, and service is sort of slow, so be prepared to wait if you come during a busy time or with a group larger than 4. You can hardly be upset about it, though, because the older man who is always working the dining room is such a... well, he's CUTE. OK? I said it. He's adorable. I have no idea who works in the kitchen, but I like to imagine it's his little wife of 50 years, cooking exactly the way her mom taught her. The food is delicious. DELICIOUS. It's not always sophisticated, but the flavor never disappoints. I've had several things from the menu and have loved each one. My absolute favorite is the maduros, which always manage to be perfectly ripened, sweet and crisp around the edges. In short... eat here. Do it.
5	I eat here a lot, because it's right down the road from where I work. I have tried at least 75% of the menu, and everything is incredibly delicious. And very reasonably priced given how good it is. I love supporting local mom & pop places, and this is probably my most frequented one. As other reviews say, service can be slow because it's literally just an older married couple, but that's often the tradeoff of going to small family-owned places that make the food up fresh. The husband works the front, and he's very friendly and nice, and his wife (who I've only laid eyes on a couple of times) can seriously cook. She's busy back there!!
5	What a fun find! This is a local mom and pop place that really works hard to make their customers happy and the food is definitely delicious. I had the chicken stew which came with rice. The chicken was amazingly well cooked and had great flavor after being in the stew. Rice was perfectly done and was a great add-on to sopping up that stew and enjoying every last drop of it.The staff is very friendly and checked in on us regularly. You could tell they were a local favorite from all the conversation with the owner and the patrons. He knew them and greeted them warmly.Overall, this is a smaller place, so if you have a large group I'd call ahead or get it catered to your event. Overall: A+Perfect mom and pop local eatery.
5	Heard about this place from a co-worker. Love the atmosphere and the server is a little old man that's always joking around. Food is high quality and tasty. Sometimes if there are too many people the service is slow but worth the wait. I drink beer to pass the time, which is always cold and served with a cold mugg. Yummy. :-)
5	This place is absolutely fantastic!  It's a little hole in the wall off of Bell Road with very authentic South American food.  The food is great and very well priced as well so it's easy on the budget.  The service is very friendly too :-)
3	We went to this place with my husband to see if they had any Argentinean empanadas, or argentinean dough to make them, but they do not have anything Argentinean , it is all Ecuatorian , it is really good food. But we were looking for Argentinean , anyway is good. I did not like the meat, very spicy , and we Argentineans do not like spicy food.
4	Nice Latin change of pace if you want Colombian/Ecuadorian food than the typical Mexican food.
4	I don't think that I can add much to the other reviews on the incredible food served for our July dinner. It was an experience unlike anything I have ever had. Just walking into this place down a darkened hallway with cool plants and flowers hanging all around you puts you on notice that this will not be an ordinary experience. From the Helium candy balloon to the duck extravaganza to a dessert I still dream about, I was blown away by the presentation and tastes of the food. I am surprised by the comments on poor service as ours was spotless. Every viist to the restroom involved three smiling escorts with doors opened along the way (I was worried that there was going to be another one in the WC to greet me). The servers weren't a jovial bunch, but they were professional, friendly and responsive to the mood of our festive table. It is hard to know if the different reviewa are a result of different staff or different expectations by diners or perhaps just a bad night. My advice is to dig deep into your piggy bank and just go!
4	Pros:Food was very flavorful with spicesVery friendly good serviceFamily ownedCultural experience Con:Little pricey but nothing to keep you from coming
