4	They have a great selection of food and a special menu right now a 4.99 pick one item special.  We eat here a lot and the food and salsa is great.  They are understaffed though and the service is sometime slow.  But you cant beat the price for the food you get.
5	I love this place! They have the best chips & salsa before your meal, service was great, food was great. The best margaritas in town for sure! Last time I was there I had one of their Super Mex Chicken Burritos. SO good. I've actually only been to the Durango location a few times, but I used to go to the other one on Sunset in Green Valley all the time. I was thinking about trying their breakfast this week & decided to write a review on here. Can't wait to go back.
4	I have visited here many times and find it a great place when I am craving some Mexican food. The place is open 24hr and the food is consistently decent for the price and the portion. They also serve fresh in house made tortillas like most Mexican places do these days.I visited this location on a friends recommendation and because I had a coupon and I also wanted some home style Mexican food and not some del taco. The location was semi hard to find since its kinda of not visible from the 215 exit but once you know its right next to the gas station you cant miss it.The restaurant itself is clean and very roomy they offer booths and table seating. Their menu offers some pretty standard Mexican dish's with good explications of what you will receive. If you are unsure about portions ask the server and they will be happy to tell you portion sizes. Once we took out booth and ordered our drinks the complimentary chips and salsa came out fresh and tasty. After a short wait of maybe 5-10 minutes all of our food came out. The portions where exactly as explained by the server so it was no surprise there. Overall the food here is good and not overly greasy like a lot of Mexican food can be. I would recommend it to anyone craving some sit down food any time of the day. Last time I visited I noticed they have a lunch special menu as well which is very reasonably priced.I usually end up orders the SuperMex Burrito covered in read sauce. Its a kinda big burrito but if you can eat a lot like me I would give it a go!
2	meh. That's the best way to describe this place. Not the worst food out there but definitely not great. I tried the chicken chimichanga. It was perfectly fried, with the outside nice and crispy. But the chicken inside was so bone dry and tasteless that I could barely eat it. The service was decent. Our waitress was friendly and stopped by often to check on us. But the food was just so blah.This is a totally uninspired review for a totally uninspiring restaurant.
2	Guacamole: Avocado was diced rather than mashed. I could understand if this was a California fusion type of restaurant but it's MEXICAN, can I get some authentic guac? Service was OK. Nothing to rave about. My son and I shared the Flautas & Chimichangas. I wish there was more meat than wrap on the Chimichangas. The wrap was so thick that it didn't cook all the way through and became uber chewy and to top it off it was GREASY. I don't really know anyone that likes to have to tilt their plate so to gather the grease on one side so not to make my food soggy... Anyone out there? My husband enjoyed his Fajitas and even mentioned that the price was pretty good considering what the norm for the dish is. Going to Roberto's is much more satisfying to me if i want some real Mexican Food... I'm from SoCal and I've been to Mexico so I pretty much have a standard and they didn't really meet them.
3	Good when you are craving Mexican. Chips and salsa are the bomb! I always get a combo platter and I'm usually satisfied with the quality. Typically the service is slow and unattentive, but now we expect that when we come so it's not a surprise and we have learned how to deal with it. The atmosphere is eh, they ave some CRT TV's in the dining area and I'm always distracted by them because they are CRAPPY quality and completely random stuff playing. My advice: don't eat the chips and salsa until you've received your drink and order your drinks and food at the same time.
2	Nope, no way, never again. This is probably the 5th time we've been here and I've walked away disappointed every time. The customers that we saw eating tonight are a great example of what kind of food and who it's prepared for, old, white people who don't know what Mexican food is and don't like anything with flavor or picante.From the chips & flavorless salsa to the bland carnitas burrito I really didn't care for anything that we had. Our waitress was pleasant and we did get pretty good service but outside of that I'd be headed to a lot of other places before I go back here again. You've been warned.
3	A neighborhood joint that we pass by all the time.  Coupons for this place come all the time, so we figure we may as well give it a go.The restaurant is split up into two sections - dining in establishment on the left, bar area o the right.  They start you off with tortilla chips, salsa, and a bean dip while they get your drink orders in.The Husband ordered the Mexican Pizza (Large $10.45).  It's your choice of protein with all the standard fixings of Mexican food piled onto a crispy tortilla.  I went for the Combination Plate (3 Items for $9.95), and chose an enchilada, tamale, and soft taco.  For the most part, you can choose your own filling (a few cost extra) and sauce on them.  With it, you get rice and beans.  When the order came out, we thought they were both pretty generous.  Unfortunately for me, the requested low-fat green cilantro rice and low-fat boiled pinto beans were not replacing the red rice and refried beans I had asked for.  The waiter immediately took it back and they fixed the problem.  (Not sure if it was the waiter's fault or the kitchen's fault, but it was done quickly without too much drama.)My enchilada and tamale were both tasty, although the chicken soft taco was a bit dry.  That was probably my least favorite part of the dish.  It made for good leftovers the next day.They also have a Lite Menu, specials for those 60 years and older, gaming promos, and more.Service was fine. It wasn't too busy on a weekday for lunch, so no real problems there.Overall, it's a decent place for lunch when you want some Mexican food.  It helps when you find those BOGO coupons that come along though!
3	Supermex is a pretty decent place. I know a few people who don't like it , but considering these are the people who go to fast food all the time I take their opinion with a grain of salt.If you happen to visit there, you will find that the chips and salsa are all you can eat (Not like Tony's Mexican on Ft. Apache which charges you for refills. I am still bugged by that) The food is standard fare Mexican, tacos, enchiladas, burritos, nothing too exotic. The food tastes good and the portions are generous. The few times I have gone there the service was also very quick. From the time I ordered to the time the food arrived was less than 10 minutes. I found SuperMex's prices are very reasonable for what you get as well. Now that most the construction is done on Durango its easy to get to now
4	Damn their chips and salsa rock! Especially with a margarita on the rocks. Consistent food, BoGo coupon two other reasons why we keep coming back to Super Mex. Yuuuuuuumy!
3	Nice setting, okay service. I've gone here for my craving of Made to Order Guacamole. They are very inconsistant.  Sometimes, the diced tomatoes and avocado look old, so I'm always taking a chance.  They're very cincy with the tortilla chips that come with the guac, so don't be afraid to ask for more.  I've tried their Tequila Shrimp and thought it had a weird after taste and the shrimp was too rubbery.  I've had the 3 item combo, try to order something other than the taquitos with your combo because they are small.  Chips and salsa with refried beans are tasty. When ordering the nachos, ask for the refried beans on the side because they put a big heap of it.  You want to taste the cheese and meat but they smother it with beans to be cheap.  Their breakfast specials are inexpensive and I liked the breakfast quesadilla without the egg.
3	First time I came here, it sucked so bad I told myself I didn't want to come back. Food was terrible and unappetizing.BUT my boyfriend wanted to come back here for Happy Hour so I grudgingly went. We both got margaritas which were OK, nothing awesome but what did we expect for cheap-o margaritas. Chips and salsa never disappoint and they are served with some yummy beans as well. I did noticed, however, that they updated their menu (not updated on their website yet) and I decided to try one of the new items. They have a new taco platter that you can get either as an appetizer or as an entree. Getting it as an entree means you get a side of rice and beans and two tacos. HOLY CRAP THESE TACOS WERE AWESOME! They give you a choice of either chicken or steak and I asked if I could do one chicken and one steak and they said yes. So out comes our tacos and they were topped with chorizo and some crumbled queso fresco. Was I in the same place I came before?? The quality of the food was great and nothing like the rubbery little pieces I was served before. Rice and beans were good too. I want to come back and try the other new menu items they have. Hopefully they are good too.
4	This is a completely bias review.  If you want an unbias, read the next reviews.  I am a simple guy when it comes to food and the food I've eaten there has always been excellient.  I love it.  Honestly, probably my favorite place to go in Vegas for food.  I love the enchilladas, they are simple and delicious.  Not full of random ingredients where the cooks are just trying to make them more exotic.  Simple, and great.  I think with Mexican food, people probably would think it is too simple, so that's why I say I'm bias.  I give it a 4 because I don't know if I have ever come across a good server there, waitress, waiter, anything.  They are normally pretty bad.  And I And I know how bias I am to the food, so I automatically took down the 1 star to be fair.
4	*******2011 Entertainment book...buy one get one free meal coupon*******Yes they more than happily deducted $10.95 from our tab! Save money baby!I have been going to Super Mex for the last 5 years since I moved to Vegas. I came upon them when they had their grand opening (durango location) they had sent out two for one coupons in the area mail which of course was an awesome opportunity to give them a try. I think I recall the Manager informing me they originated out of Long Beach, CA years ago. Glad I did.My two favorites on their menu is the "Green Chile Pork burrito" mmmmm in which you have the free choice to order light medium and heavy cheese for all of the cheese lovers like me! The pork melts in your mouth! I kid you not as it has happened multiple times over and over! Ok so my second fave is the shredded beef tacos! Nobody makes them like they do, these tacos melt in your mouth as well. They should have named the business after their shredded beef tacos! Order the combination meal with three shredded beef tacos! Oh my, oooo ohhhhh, awwwww yes...yes...yes. In my opinion rather than Super Mex, the restaurant should be named "Melt's in your mouth Mex"-Nikki :)
4	Super Mex, I've got to be honest.  I judged you.  Hard.  I moved in across the street months ago and started laughing at your ridiculous name.  I claimed that no 24 hour establishment could possibly serve good mexican food.  And I was totally ignorant of your Super Super happy hour.I have seen the error of my ways.Happy hour is 3 p.m. - 6 p.m. (Think it's only good in the bar area)  We sat at the bar and the bartender was very attentive and friendly.  I ordered the Tacos Tijuana appetizer.  Three tacos with char-grilled chicken and spicy chorizo.  Very good and well worth the $3.95 happy hour price.The chips and salsa was just okay.  Usually mediocre chips and salsa would cause me to look elsewhere for my mexican fix.  But $2 margaritas and 1/2 appetizers will keep me coming back for more Super Mex happy hour.Super Mex, I'm glad I finally made your accquaintance.
4	I have been to Super Mex a few times since my last review. The last two times however I have noticed a huge improvement in the food. Everything was tastier and even the service was improved. Way to go sport-o, one more star for you!l.
4	Great chips and bean dip right when you sit down.
3	Salsa is very good, Tijuana tacos excellent, also very good selection of Mexican beers on tap. Bar could use more high top tables.
4	So Sat. night rolls around and this mom wanted to go out to eat instead of cooking and doing dishes. We decided to give Super Mex (the South Durango location) a try and we were kinda delighted and surprised all at the same time. The food and margarita quality is what pleased us the most. The food was tasty. I tried an item from their "Lite" menu, a soft chicken taco with green rice and beans, not refried, but a healthier version, and it was delish. My guy had the chicken enchilda, also from the "Lite" menu and he enjoyed his plate also. Actually he cleaned his plate and their was nothing left. The margaritas where good, and at $5.50/$5.75 each, who can complain. We even ordered a second round because they were that well priced. Overall we will be returning to Super Mex when we are craving Mexican food. Service was good, but not great. Give them a try if u can. Great for families, as we took our 16 month old with us and he enjoyed the complimentary bean dip and chips :)
4	awe come-on 3 stars??  really?  Being from Long Beach California I enjoy super mex when im home all the time.  Was pleasantly surprised when I drove by on Durango and saw that they had opened one up in Las Vegas.  So had to go in!  Authentic mexican food that is great tasting and fattening.  Its an awesome place, and I've been to a ton, of Mexican restaurants.  Every time I go to a Mexican restaurant I usually end up getting some sort of combo platter.  Got their soft shell tacos with rice and beans.  I love their taco meat, it is really seasoned well and juicy.  Doesn't have the texture of a dry taco.  I hate those!  Super mex is definitely not the finest dining in Las Vegas BUT, it is great authentic mexican for a low price.  It doesn't get any better than this place!  Glad they are expanding.
1	Ok after reading the reviews here desided to give place a try god was I dumb! This place is a rat hole. We sat in the restaurant and it was just dirty, and it felt dirty. Service was extra slow. We ordered the mexican pizza and it came out with mushrooms. Now I am allergic I did ask the server what came on it and he never mentioned mushrooms so had to send it back. When he finally came back for our main order I ordered the tequila shrimp I asked about the mushrooms and he said no but it came with mushrooms... wtf said I was allergic I could see he didnt care. I am a server and a bartender and when my guest tell me they have an allergy to something I pay attention. My husband never got a refill for his soda glad I asked for water or he would have had nothing to drink. Avoid this place not worth it.
3	Although I strongly prefer Tex-Mex over Cali-Mex, the food here isn't bad.  I ordered take out tonight, and they only gave me half of my order... Hopefully that was a one-time oversight, but I'd still recommend checking your order carefully before you leave.
3	Had a Groupon to here, went on Friday night with wife and kids. Walked in and sat ourselves in restaurant area. Ordered some Margaritas for the wife and myself. Frozen Raz for her and On the rocks for me. Those both came out good. (though i had to pour my shot in myself which i thought was weird)For Food she wanted to order 3 different Tamales, which led to a bit of disappointment as the server said the only ones they had tonight were shredded beef. She got 3 of those then. I ordered the Tacos Tijuana off the specialty plate. Taste wise both were good, though both of us liked mine better. For the kids we ordered one grilled cheese, which was pretty sad actually for $5.99. Decent size, just cheese was barely melted and hardly toasted for the bread. (though i dunno how much i can fault a Mexican place for a poor grilled cheese). The kids menu also came with an ice cream, which server was nice enough to bring out one for each kid even though we only ordered one. That upped her tip a bit for sure. All in all this place would have gotten a solid four stars for taste and service, but had to deduct one for only one choice of Tamale.
4	I love this place! Great Tex Mex food for sure! They have the best shredded beef tacos in all of Vegas, yes they do. I welcome you to try them for yourself!!! Also their enchiladas are yummy! Portion size is good, always leave full! The atmosphere is slightly dark and cozy, also the service is always consistently good! Love the free basket of fried whole corn tortillas and salsa and bean dip! Yummo! Check this place out you won't be disappointed!!! They also have a Cantina for alcohol with gaming as well.
4	Can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet!This is my "go-to" place for those rough Saturday or Sunday brunches.  You know what I mean.SuperMex is a reliable standard of good food quality.  If you're hunting for really authentic wonderful Mexican cuisine, this might not be the spot, but for a great guacamole and Mexican pizza, they always deliver.  And several other menu items are just good 'ol SW Mexican dishes.Great lunch specials too.  Can eat well for $7.Thanks SuperMex for all the times you've saved my weekend!
4	Excellent food, reasonable prices, good service.  The drinks are good also.
3	This is a solid joint for mexican food. It's not gourmet, but it's not a total dive either.I stopped in for dinner last week with my Dad, and we sat down in the dining area (non-smoking). Very quickly, the room started to smell like someone was smoking weed. Of course, I pretended to not know what the smell was, but my Dad caught my lie. That turned into an awkward dinner conversation. Oh well.The server was very kind and offered to move us to the bar area, without us asking.In any case....when you are seated, you get a nice plate of chips, salsa, and bean dip.The food is quite good. Lots of options. There is a "healthy" menu, as well as a "seniors" menu. I opted for the Chicken Sarandeado. A grilled chicken breast that was nicely seasoned, served with tortillas, rice, beans and pico. Nothing about this place stands out as life-changing, but this place is A-Ok and I would come back because the service was good, the food was good, and atmosphere was fun.Salud!
4	As always their strong 4 star rating stands!My family took me here for my late b-day celebration as I was out of town during my birthday visiting Medford, Oregon.Mmmm watch out for that basket of hot complimentary chips and salsa, mmm yummy so addictive!Mmmm started off with my favorite appetizer, hand prepared fresh guacamole and chips! Mmmm a generous heaping bowl of guacamole so fresh and good! Mmmmmm yum yes!I ordered my combination plate and chose three shredded beef tacos rice and beans as they have the best tacos in town...PERIOD!The ex-hubsters ordered one of their famous burritos, so full of flavor and delicious marinated meat. HUGE! For the first time in his life he could not clean his plate! Amazing all in itself!Mom ordered one of their new specials enchilada, rice and beans.My precious nephew had the children's menu selection, chicken strips/fries.  Nothing special just frozen and fried up, I sure hope he acquires his flavor for Mexican soon! Then he can really enjoy this restaurant! Children's menu items include drink and dessert.As always the food was hot and delicious as well as reasonable!The service is hit and miss, this visit our waitress was MIA and our check was dropped off by another server. Refills on drinks were hard to come by and my nephew did not get the dessert that comes with his child's meal. Check out my photos from this filling and yummy visit!
3	Not too bad. Definitely one of the better Mexican food places in Las Vegas. But as is the case with most of the Mexican restaurants in town, the food lacks a taste of freshness.
4	Usually pretty quiet inside. The kitchen is 24 hours. The food is always hot and the service is usually decent. My favorite thing about this place is that I can get Mexican food 24-7.
5	We love this place. If you love the taste of south of the border food, you will too. Give it a try and I am sure you will make it a regular dining place.
4	I enjoy the patio dining here. The mountain view is beautiful when the sun is going down which is about the time happy hour is winding down as well. The same waiter (I didn't get his name) has served my table several times and he is topnotch. It's a good place to have a drink and relax.I like the green rice and boiled whole pinto beans. It's a lighter option to the standard sides of beans and rice offered at most Mexican restaurants. I don't usually order appetizers here. The entree portions are large and they bring out some really yummy chips and salsa to start making the apps unnecessary. The fajitas are large enough to share or take home and reheat for lunch the next day. They offer a nice selection of Mexican beers on tap. Which I like because I prefer draft to bottled brew.
3	Good food.  Great nachos!
4	Have been to the one on Sunset, first exp here. Very cozy and comfortable in the restaurant section..bar laid back w/ lots of video going.  Food is pretty much the same..had a combo plate. enchildas were good...nice that you get a choice of sauces to blend. Chile Relanos..nice very mild, nice crunch went you bit into them, lots of filling. Food is not high end...great local place..chips, salsa, bean dip..great so if the meal doesnt satisfy...you have back up.....enjoy..
2	I don't really know what to say. This was my second attempt eating at this location and I can say I'm still not impressed. I ordered the chicken lettuce wraps, but was appalled at the sad wilted lettuce that they had the nerve to put on my plate. I didn't bother asking for a replacement of the lettuce, since I was already grossed out by the soggy greens that were there. I'm shocked that anyone would even bother placing them there to begin with. I'd rather they just tell me they ran out of lettuce than putting that gross stuff on my place. I pushed them to the side and concentrated on the shredded chicken and salsa. The chicken was beyond dry and flavorless. The salsa did little to help that either. My fella got the carne asada meal and although he was relatively happy with his meal, he found the meat to be a little flavorless as well. He thoroughly enjoyed their salsa, so that was the only plus of the meal. I left still hungry and happy that I had my Entertainment Book coupon, otherwise I would have felt utterly ripped off for our meal. I won't be back to this location. In this case, strike two and you're out.
3	Surprisingly A-OK for this random joint.  The chips and salsa were the best part.  Good salsa.  The menu was pretty large.  Lots of options and combos and such.  The food was pretty standard for reasonably priced "american" Mexican.  The fish taco was good.  Flavorful creamy chipotle sauce.  Nothing will knock your socks off but definitely a decent meal for the price.  The place is cute too.
2	I was so excited to try this place because of its close proximity to my casa & they have a Groupon this week! Duh. When I saw someone's picture of a Mexican Pizza, I was sold. The chips & salsa were decent (especially considering their free-ness), but everything else was very sub-par compared to other Mexican restaurants. I let my husband handle the ordering because he always complains about the "weird" stuff I order, so we got the Mexican pizza & surprisingly, you can choose the protein that goes inside! He chose the shredded beef since I've seen many good reviews for it, as well as the huge Super Mex carnitas burrito. When I was a kid, I used to LOVE the Mexican Pizza from Taco Bell. I thought it was the best thing ever, so crispy & fatty & what not. The Mexican pizza looked great, until I tried to get a piece. It was so soggy I had to use two forks to pick it up and we all had to eat it with a knife & fork because we couldn't pick it up like the Mexican pizza of my childhood. In hind sight, I think that the shredded beef may not have been the best choice to go on a Mexican pizza because it's usually swimming in juice right before they ladel it. I MAY try this again with steak next time (if there is one), or just something that's not so watery. Another problem I had with it was that some of the chunks of shredded beef were WAY too big. I had one that was 2in. x 2in. Who wants a piece of beef that huge in a fallen apart Mexican pizza? Not me! I want my beef actually shredded thanks, not the cow delivered to me to shred. The carnitas burrito was pretty gross. My favorite carnitas is from the Amigos Tacos, not far from here, but this carnitas was shredded, dry, and chewy. Wamp. They also put crappy iceberg lettuce in their burritos which I should have read and asked for them to exclude. I think iceberg lettuce has a crappy flavor when combined with Mexican food because it tastes so bitter. They just don't go together. So, bill pre-Groupon was $22. Not bad considering the amount of food we got. We actually brought home the majority of the burrito which is surprising because I'm usually a food disposal and I never had left overs, but unfortunately, I didn't think any of this food was worth the calories so I didn't do my standard over-eating. Hey, I guess this place is great if you're on a diet, because you won't have too much that's edible and enjoyable.
3	I stopped here yesterday to use a Groupon that was expiring soon.  The restaurant is a small area but quite cozy and pleasant.  Instead of chips and salsa, they bring you a nice basket of fried tortillas and bean dip with a small bowl of a little spicy salsa.  You break the tortillas as you want and dip.  I ordered the soup of the day which was chicken tortilla soup.  It was a tomato based soup with lots of cheese and real chicken with nice tortilla strips.  It was a thicker soup-quite flavorful and something I'd get again.  A bowl of this soup in the winter would be great!For my main course, I got the Chicken Sarandeado, a grilled chicken breast with their "special spices."  With the platter came rice, pico, some guacamole, and refried beans.  This was another tasty dish for Super Mex.  For dessert, I got the fried ice cream.  It didn't appear as if this ice cream had ever been near a fryer but it was good.  It was simply a ball of vanilla ice cream that had been rolled in a small amount of coating and then frozen.  It was placed in a sweetened tortilla basket and decorated with whipped cream, and some strawberry and chocolate syrup.  Mind you, it was a decadent ending to my meal, but it was not fried as far as I could tell.I was tempted to give the place 4 stars but I had one BIG hangup with the service.  For the most part, it was very good.  However, I had just started to eat my soup when a server appeared with my main course and set it down.  Why do you do this?  It seems to happen more in Tex-Mex places than anywhere else.  Cabo at Red Rock was notorious for this.  Can't they do courses like a normal restaurant?
2	This was generally my last stop of the night when I would go out and I really was not impressed.  This could easily be due to the time that I would come here - fresh food can be elusive after midnight.  The bar staff seems generally disgruntled.  They are more that willing to discuss the owner's (ineffective) marketing strategies, generally unsolicited.  The food is edible and prices are manageable, but it is not the type of quality that would bring me back.  Maybe a little staff turn over and a visit earlier in the day would increase my review, but based on my experiences 2-stars is very fair.
1	Wow...and not a good wow. Terrible guacamole and stale chips. Service was below average as I sat with an empty glass for 2/3 of my meal. Chicken quesadillas were not cooked and ceviche was best part, but again, chips we stale so nothing good to compliment the ceviche. Bumma!
5	We found this place through GroupOn, and glad we did.  We have been searching for good and reasonable sit-down dining Mexican, this is it.  Great bean dip and salsa and our meals were great.  Ample servings and very tasty.  Saw 5-6 kids highchairs so I am thinking local families know of this place.  There is a separate bar area with TV;s and poker tables, and a separate dining room for families or those that prefer non-bar area to eat.  It's a little far from our home but we will be making regular return trips.  You won't be disappointed.  It is just North of the 215.  I had the Chimichanga meal (diet food - ha ha) and it was perfect.
1	I can only review the lite menu, because that is all we ordered: Lettuce Wraps with ChickenShredded dark meat chicken and leafs of lettuce. That is it. The chicken wasn't that bad but it definitely wasn't healthy. The lettuce was old and wilted, I had to throw it out.Whole Wheat Quesadilla with ChickenWhole wheat tortilla with shredded chicken and low fat cheese. It didn't taste healthy, but it didn't taste good either. Really greasy. Probably the best out of what we ordered.2 Low Carb Tacos-1 Chicken and 1 BeefSame chicken as before. The tortilla was supposedly low carb, it was hard to tell how it tasted because it was soaked in grease.The beef was inedible! Mushy, super salty, I couldn't put my finger on the taste, but I almost threw up. We threw it away. The lettuce wraps and taco combo came with a side of veggies of mushrooms, onions, and zucchini. The onions were pretty good, like they were pickled in vinegar. We didn't eat the other veggies because they had been cooked in either oil or butter.We ended up with something that looked like a tostada, we didn't order it. The chicken on it was chunks of white breast meat, it tasted pretty good. That chicken seemed healthier than the shredded.There is no way we would go back.
2	i like this place and go in more often if it wasnt for the evening bartender on sundays (she comes in around 3 or 4 i belive) she always totaly ignores us EVERYTIME last time i went in and seen her i almost wanted to leave. We havent been back in awhile, and im sure if we can find a friendly enviorment we will switch2 stars for the chips and happy hour prices.One time we did come in earlyer on a sunday and the waitress we started with was FANTASTIC (than she informed us she was leavng and the evening bartender was comming in ) and thats why we came back. also i am a server, and if i served this this i wouldnt have my job long
4	Great food, many dishes are not traditional "American" Mexican, but with a twist! Try the Mexican pizza w/steak, fabulous!
1	went downhill rather fast over the past 3 years, hard stale cold chips, extremely week Margaritas, but good waitstaff, very attentive. food not really cheap either.
1	1 star for good service. we had fajitas and carne asada and none of it had any flavor at all. the chips and salsa werent good. oh well.  the price is way too high to walk away this unsatisfied.
3	Didn't exactly have that authentic feel, but the food was good and the service friendly.  Matt's a big Margarita fan so often judges how "super" a Mexican restaurant is based on that. He told me it was good enough to have two, but not so great that he would go back because of the drinks.
5	This place is awesome!! We eat here EVERY weekend!! The creamy chipotle sauce is to die for!! Yummy tacos!! Yummy fajitas !! Yummy cheese enchiladas!!! They treat us like family !!!
4	i dont go here enough but after a night out on the town this would hit the spot!!
2	We stopped in for lunch at 2:30, the only ones in the place, service was okay, ordered a Modelo draft and a super burrito. The Bartender wasn't sure what was on it but went ahead and ordered anyway. it came out luke warm. No sals and very bland. The order of Guacamole was strange in comparison to any other guac I have ordered and it was bland too. Wont be back
4	This is our favorite local Mexican restaurant.  The food is good & reasonably priced, the SuperMex margaritas are quite tasty & the service is always good.  This is a great local spot for a tasty quick dinner & a drink or two.
5	This is our favorite place to go! It's near home and the service is outstanding. Never had a bad experience here. My husband orders the chicken quesadilla, I get the chicken fajitas, and we start with the fresh made guacamole..... the food here is addicting! They know our order every time we go and I look forward to going here as often as possible.
2	This is not gourmet or a charming hole-in-the-wall. It's a gas station restaurant. Yes, one half is devoted to dispensing fossil fuels, the other to refried beans. Do not expect miracles.  They will give you the largest chips you have ever seen.  They will also give you refried beans and salsa.  Fancy.Food is basic and will meet your Tex-Mex needs.  Do not expect an authentic experience.Also, in case you were wondering, the restaurant does not smell like gasoline.
5	This place is super duper diddly aweeeesssome.I work right across the street from this place and always order the cheese enchilada. Omg they are so good. The restaurant is very clean and organized if you go from like 1pm after they have the restaurant closed down, but you can still order from the bar.The bar is pretty cool too. The bartender is a looker. I like to sneak over on my lunch breaks and have a few. Even if you just order drinks they will give you tortillas and salsa which is really good.Prices at this place are decent. The staff is really friendly. Try the cheese enchiladas...
2	I been to the location over by the airport one night with some co-wokers, seems like that location taste much better than the one here over in the SW on Durango. The service wasn't soo great, the dish i ordered wasn't as nearly satifying as it was over off Sunset, i think that's the street. I won't ever come back to this Durango location, maybe i'll go back to the other place, maybe.
1	Very poor customer service. The waitress barely spoke English and the manager couldn't understand our issue well enough to remedy the problem.
1	Worst dining experience of my life. Got food poisoning from a pork burrito and was sick all day. Do yourself a favor and stay far away from this place.
1	Haven't been back since I wrote this
4	Service was ok, food was mediocre. Their margaritas were awesome!
4	I knew the mango margaritas would be good, but I was amazed at how wonderful the tilapia was!! Flaky and fresh and not over-battered...I highly recommend trying it!!
4	Food is pretty good! Not outta the park but pretty good. :)
5	I am a regular here, and love the food! The wait staff is usually good as well! Their "creamy chipolte" sauce on enchiladas is unbelieveable. The prices are decent, and I have yet to find a Mexican type restaurant that has food that compares for the money to this place in Las Vegas!
4	My main reason to go here was because we has a groupon. Boy am i glad we went! Excellent food and fantastic service!!! Their menu is huge and yummy margaritas!
2	Awful service, just okay food.  Ordered fajitas which came with only 3 tortillas.  Asked for more.  When I got the bill I saw they charged  .70 cents for extra tortillas.  They said it was the Managers decision to charge for additional tortillas. I know .70 cents but it's the principal.  The guacamole that came with condiment plate for the fajitas was tasteless. Processed store bought slime,  Makes my stomach queasy just thinking about it.   The chicken rice bowl was decent.  Had to flag a waitress down every time we needed something and they were not short on help and were not busy.  Overall unfriendly service.  When we came in they were all gathered around the hostess desk chatting it up.  One actually sitting on the hostess stand. The people in the booth next to us arrived after us and got their food first.  They had 5 people and we had 2.  I hate to say this but they were Hispanic and knew one of the waitresses because she sat at their table for while and a fun time. Had lunch at Bonito Michoacan on S. Decatur today and the food was far more superior.  Employees were friendly and the service was spot on and they had a full house.
5	I love SuperMex! I go here for either lunch or dinner and I seem to always get the same waitress who is super nice and friendly!! The food comes out hot and I recommend the beef or chicken flautas! MMM!!!! It's nothing fancy which is totally fine to me! I mean, come on, it's next to a gas station, it's going to be casual! Only complaint is the size of the bean and carne asada burrito I got to go for my parents....I thought it would be a big one like Roberto's burritos...but...it was the size of the tip of my middle finger to the end of my palm. But she also gave me tortilla "chips" and salsa to go! Always look forward to my flautas! lol
2	The burrito was salty and so was the enchilada that my husband had. It looked nice enough inside and our server was very nice but the food didn't do anything for me or my husband. There are better Mexican food places in the area and I suggest you explore them.
4	Second visit and the food was terrific.  A lunch menu of specials gave lots of choices for $5.55 and the appetizers are all half price between 3 p.m. & 6 p.m.  We split the tacos (3), I had a super burrito and Matt had the taco salad.  Two big Wows,  really delicious and a take-home bag of left-overs. Be warned though,  if you sit in the bar you may encounter smokers. The dinning room is closed @ lunch but there's a dining area off the bar if 2nd hand smoke impacts your taste buds too. I hope you're fortunate enough to get Gretchen as your waitress. She's great. Upgraded rating since our last visit.  Recommend
