5	Wow when my friend said we got VIP to bowl I wasn't too impressed.  When I got here I was totally 180'd.  Hot waitresses, disco bowling, DJ spinning, loungin' on the couch and clubbers dancin' away.  There was free food & drinks all night woohoo!! (Granted VIP night before grand opening).  Still the place was popping.  The bowling system was off the chart and high tech - yeah it was for bowling.  Located in CityScape; this is definitely gonna be the next hot spot in downtown PHX.  Which is great since downtown is so lacking in the night life!  As for the food man it was good.  Not your typical slider I tell ya.  The ambience is just right - how they got that high-end bowling and bar lounge to work??  Beats me but  it does; I'm gonna have my birthday here! - Enjoy!
5	When the announcement was made in early 2010 that Lucky Strike was coming to the neighborhood, I knew it would be special, and I knew it would be something that changed the game in Downtown Phoenix. Opening night at Lucky Strike went swimmingly, and it has been getting better and better ever since. The atmosphere is reminiscent of Big Lebowski, which coincidentally was the model bowling alley for the first Lucky Strike. It's a small bowling alley with only 12 lanes, a lounge and bar area, and pool tables. Make no mistake, it isn't cramped, just a small place with a lot going on. By day you'll enjoy well lit lanes and a bright casual atmosphere, but by night, that all changes drastically. Lucky Strike is predominately a night club on the weekends, when the music is loud, the lights are low, and the sexy people are aplenty, sometimes three deep standing at the bar with a 2 hour wait for a lane. Some say the Old Town crowd has moved in, but I say it's a diverse and fun mix of people all with the same intention of dancing to old school hip hop, bowling, and having some fun downtown. The bowling lanes are a little nicer than your standard bowling alley. They have newer and better scoring machines, TVs behind the pins, and all state of the art technology. It's really fantastic.Throughout dozens of visits, once as many as three times in a 24 hour period, I've recieved both exceptional service and awful service, with no real consistency either way. One visit, we sat down at the bar by the window in the back of the club, and were told we could not order drinks there. Another visit, I waited 15 minutes to get my tab after requesting it, though we were the only ones there. Other visits, the service was so perfect that we felt we could may as well be guests in someone's home. The staff here is all friendly, and everyone seems to like their job. I have a theory on the service, and that is the way the managerial staff has the place set up. It doesn't flow well for the servers. Example, there is a bar right by the bowling lanes which is never open. The other bar is around the corner, down the stairs, in another room. Servers must go here to refill a drink or get a beer, which makes it take forever. They should really work on a way to make food and drink service more expeditious. By this point, I've tried every item on Lucky Strike's $5.50 lunch special (lunch, soda, shoes, and one game) menu and they have all been good. Some of the standouts for me are the Turkey Brie sandwich, a mixture of sliced turkey, melted brie, and apple butter on a Ciabatta, the Bleu Mini Burger, served in a duo (you can mix and match with other types as well) with house made french fries. You really can't go wrong with any of it, though. The happy hour menu features half priced "Lounge Menu," $2 domestic drafts, and I forget what else from 4- and 9-close 7 nights a week. I love the pretzel dippers, served with garlic butter, mustard, and cheese dip, as well as the Beef Skewers with a spicy and sweet glaze. The same mini burgers are available at happy hour as well. In actuality, if you're a hardcore bowler, you might not care about all the flash and bang at Lucky Strike. You might not care that there are beautiful women serving you food and drinks right at your lane while wearing little black mini skirts. You might not notice the DJ booth in the lounge area, and you surely might ignore the animations on the screen when you get a strike, but for those of us who can't seem to muster more than 125 a game, and really just want to hang out in a cool place with great food and friendly people, Lucky Strike is heaven.
4	I went to Lucky Strike on Saturday Night.  This review is more about the feeling I got than any particular aspect or event there.  With one exception, my bartender was absolutely my favorite bartender of all time.  (If you are reading this you make the best iced tea ever!)  We get there about 7:30 and had to wait about half an hour for a lane.  No problem, it's Saturday at 7:30 on opening weekend.  I kind of expected a longer wait.  We all sit down at the bar, order some drinks, and grab a bite to eat.  I had a club sandwich (not so great), friends had a pizza (they seemed to like it), and the last of our foursome had the pretzels sticks (I stole one and loved it).  The drinks were good and seemed well mixed.  I generally just drink bourbon on the rocks, so it doesn't take a genius,  but the pour VERY generous.  When our TGI McManahan's beeper goes off we head on over to the front desk to claim our lane.  It wound up being about 20 per person for shoes and and the lane.  By the way.  Try not to go anywhere you need to rent shoes with a guy well over 6 feet...Size 14? really?There were some issues with my friends changing over the bar tab but these things happen with an opening weekend.  The music had some high points but over all was a little disappointing.  The waitresses were attentive.  I bowled like crap.  That about sums up the facts.  Oh wait.  The place is done very well as far as decor.  I will definitely be back but I don't see myself making it a weekly trip.  Maybe every other month.
2	I'm not going to lie.  I was kind of excited that Lucky Strike was opening up downtown.  It's close to home, and downtown definitely needed something like this.  Our server was nice, but it probably took like...20 minutes to get a drink.  It was a Wednesday night, with probably 5 other people in there.  It's not like it was busy or anything.  When I finally got my drink, it was sooo watered down.  Then, when we ordered food.  Another 20 minutes later, the food runner comes out with our food, puts it at the wrong lane and when I asked him to bring it over to our table because it was ours, he gave me attitude.  I wasn't even being rude about it.  Anyways, I asked him for a side of ranch and some water, and he says, "ask your server".  haha.  I work in the service industry.  So believe me, I'm not some stuck up, up tight, high maintenance customer.  I give great customer service, and when I'm paying pretty high prices for food and drinks, I expect pretty good service.  Basically, I'd rather go to a regular bowling ally during Cosmic Bowling where I can listen to better music, get a pitcher of beer and some good food for half the price.
1	This place can't tell the difference between a reservation and a wad of cash watch out for the manager who puts words in your mouth then kicks you out. If this place wasn't in such a good location I'd say let's laugh and watch it fail. I will enjoy this place as soon as they clean house with the pompous incompetent staff.
3	So we finally got a chance to hit up lucky strikes last night. It's super nice, and a great place to have some drinks and shoot some pool. Did you notice I missed the bowling part? well I'm sure the bowling WOULD be fun, it we were able to bowl. We got there around 800 and were told there would be about a 45 minute wait. We decided to shoot some pool and have some drinks while we waited. The service...well, our server was nowhere to be found until my buddy flagged down a manager. We finally decided to leave around 1130, never got a chance to bowl. soooo 3 and a half hours and no bowling, that sucked. tremendously. Will I go back? Sure, why not. I love the location and the lounge is a great place to have some drinks and shoot pool. Is it all that and a bag of chips? Nope no sir
3	I went bowling at Lucky Strike in Downtown Phoenix's new CityScape development last night (a Friday night) with my wife and family.  We made reservations for 7pm, arrived on time, and then waited about 20 minutes for our lanes to be available.  It was okay, because there was music playing, good drinks served at the bar, and pool tables open, but still...We had an overall nice time, but I expected more out of a Lucky Strike, especially this early on in its presence downtown.  The music was run-of the-mill pop music and the service was average.  Most people are fine with just going to get their own food from the bar at a bowling alley, so if you're going to assign a server/waiter to each lane, then I'd think the service better be above-average.  One thing that was not average...the mini-burgers!  Mmm, they might've been my favorite part of the night.Considering the fact that I live in Old Town Scottsdale and probably pass five bowling alleys along the way, and the fact that I had pay for parking (since Lucky Strike doesn't validate - crazy!!), I won't be rushing to go again soon, but I'll consider going again if enough of my friends are going too.
3	I guess I just had really high expectations, so I feel like I would have usually given this four stars, but because I had built it up in my head, it's only a three. I went there for my party, and invited about 10 friends to come bowl with me. The pricing was pretty legitimate, and they still have new shoes and shiny new lanes. We went at 5pm and it was EMPTY. They said they had a big lunch rush, but I'm sure things are still picking up here. Everyone in my party got served on time and with appropriate happy hour orders, but I had my order screwed up a few times. And there were drinks that were brought out that no one had, and some of the servers (I think we had 5?) were confused. HOWEVER, I know that they're still learning, and that they're working out the kinks on their food and their service. I guess I just expected a lot more pretty early in their lifespan.The bowling - well it was awesome. I love Lucky Strikes and will hopefully go again, but I'm waiting for their service to be worked out a bit more, and then I'll review again and go for a 4-star review!
5	We had girls night out last Saturday and were so impressed by Lucky Strike.  The vibe was good, the service was good, and the staff was friendly.  We had a reservation for 7 to bowl and checked in and got our clean bowling shoes without a hitch.Awesome drink specials from 9-close - $2 domestic drafts, $3 well drinks, and $4 house wine.  I was a little put off by the sign out front about the dress code - no "colors", motorcycle wear, construction boots, or cut-offs.  This place was pretty classes and I just hope it stays that way.  Great place to celebrate a birthday or take a group.  Awesome DJ with VIDEOS (I love that) and pool tables.:)
4	I am thrilled that Lucky Strike is open in CityScape.  If you need a break from an exhausting work morning, you go there and lunch and bowl.  Relieve some stress and get a great lunch.  AWESOME!!!
1	Did this place get lost on the way to old town Scottsdale? This place sucks. Save your money and bowl at a real alley. Too few lanes, expensive drinks and expensive bowling. Lastly, they endorse Mitt Romney...that says enough.
2	If you know me, you know that I'm an advocate of almost anything Phoenix.That's why when Lucky Strike was set to move into Cityscape, I was thrilled. I've been to the Lucky Strike in LA, and have always had a great time.I've been to Lucky Strike PHX about 4 times since it opened and for the most part, the wait and bar staff have been above par in their customer service. I am particularly appreciative of waitress Nicole, who has an uncanny ability to almost anticipate what the customer needs before they even ask. She has an overall pleasant personality without being too saccharin-sweet, know what I mean?For employees like Nicole, I commend Lucky Strike. Now, here's why Lucky Strike irritates me: it's their "we're hot shit" mentality. 1. I tried to reserve one lane for a Wednesday night, and they respond with a "we only take reservations 7 days prior." IT'S A WEDNESDAY NIGHT, FOR CRISSAKES! And this is Phoenix--not Hollywood, not DC, not Miami. People are not going to be lining up for lanes on a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday night. At least NOT YET.2. Do you validate parking? No, you don't. Not even an hour validation. Hell, CVS does even if we just buy a package of band-aids, but you don't. So we have to pay the $12 parking fee.  Throw us a bone here! We are Phoenicians who try to minimize walking in the heat. We like convenience but not at a steep price. Phoenician women also like to wear heels so why make them walk just to go to your establishment and spend AT LEAST $14 for the first game, $10 any additional games, and some change for libations and grub. You want us to patronize you, work with us. CVS did.3. I know you're new but you gotta train your receptionists or the people who are tasked to answer the phones first. They are not rude, but they do sound clueless machines who will spew out the corporate answers to your questions. Just saying. A few almost sound as if they're "hot shit."4. On your website, the dress code states: Head gear is not permitted. But it seems to me, fedoras are okay. Last I checked, a fedora is head gear. C'mon, don't be a hatist (as in HAT not HATE). Stick your policy and be fair. If you think a baseball cap might be gang-related...just remember the Mafias of yesteryears wore fedoras. If you're going to say "head gear," mean it and don't let your hosts make a subjective decision whether a hat is offensive or not. You're not god of head gears. (But do me a favor and kick out anyone wearing Ed Hardy caps.)Lucky Strike, please understand that Phoenix is still learning that there is life after 5:30p.m. in the downtown area. We're not a tough crowd. I mean we're fascinated by flashing lights and air-conditioning. But we do need some coddling, some TLC. And when you "win us over," believe you me, we will be fierce followers. But the: 7-day advance reservation, no validated parking, the "we're hot shit" attitude might.and inconsistent dress code policy will not win us over. And I personally, would like for you to succeed here.We Phoenicians are quite different form the LA, Miami, Denver, etc. people, so don't categorize us the way you would categorize them. We are fascinated with your right now--your concept is so hip and cool, we like it! But if you don't treat us right, it won't take us long to realize that at the heart of it all, you are just a bowling alley with soft-dim lights and air-conditioning.
5	Five stars for having the best meal value with recreational outlet during the lunch hour.  Your lunch outing will get you a great meal and a free game of bowling for only $5.50. Srsly!I've done the lunch & bowl three times and each visit was easy breezy, just stick to the following:Most people are there during their lunch hour so show up a little early to guarantee access to the next available lane. Sign up for your lane immediately upon arrival and order your meal as soon as your server checks in with you. Keep your game going and avoid stalling and lingering. Believe me, two players can get through a game and lunch within 45 minutes. Most importantly, just have fun!
3	Decided to take my newest man toy to Lucky Strike Lanes last night.  I know, I know...it is WAY out of the "orb", but sometimes you have to branch out.  It was a cool place, lot's of huge tv's, good music, pool tables and oh yeah, a full bar (bonus!)  My date and I arrived and it was happy hour (4 - 7pm and then again from 9 - 12am) so we decided to have a few beer to loosen up and get some food.   Domestic drafts on happy hour were only $2 and certain small plates are half off.  We had the hot pretzel rods that come with cheese, spicy mustard and garlic butter - they were yumo.  We had the hot spinach dip with tri-colored tortilla chips (not on happy hour but very good!) and a couple of the sliders.  The menu reads well and they have quite a bit to offer.  You could have dinner there, or just get some nibbles.  There were lots of appetizers to choose from and next time I will definitely try the fried macaroni and cheese bites (can it get any better than that!) and they had pizzas, salads, burgers, entrees, dessert.  After a beer, we decided oh yeah, we are here to bowl.  that was kind of a down side...it was $14 a game to bowl....kind of ouch, it's bowling!  I like that you get to sit in couches instead of hard plastic chairs, and the music and lighting is good, the shoes are new.....unlike the bright light of regular bowling alleys.  But, it is kind of hard to see the lanes??  Hence why on my second bowl, I actually struck the hard plastic thing that protects the pins because it hadn't lifted yet!  It was hillarious....and in my defense, it is dark!  Oh well, something to laugh about.  DO NOT park in the underground parking lot or the lot across the street, it is $12!  This isn't downtown San Fran for sake.  If you want upscale bowling...for sure head there!
4	I heard that Lucky Strike opened downtown several months back, but I'm not a huge bowler, so I didn't really think twice about it.  However, a few weeks ago, Jared got it in his head that he really wanted to go there...  So last Friday night, while at dinner, we texted Amber and Dallas  to see if they spontaneously wanted to join us for  drinks and bowling at Lucky Strike... and sure enough, they did!  (Gotta love the spontaneity!)Unfortunately for us, we weren't the only ones in the mood to check out Lucky Strike; the place was packed with an hour wait when we arrived!  We stuck it out though, and despite being on the pricey side, we did end up having a ton of fun!  A couple of rounds of drinks later, we finally did get a chance to bowl.  I was by far the worst bowler in our lane; (bowling is not my sport even sober).  Little known fact: Amber and Dallas are pretty serious bowlers... they both have their own bowling balls at home but they didn't bring them out with us this time.  I am sure I'll return to Lucky Strike; I think it's a great new addition to CityScape downtown, but next time  I'll call ahead to reserve a lane... and I may even try to brush up on my bowling skills before I return (or not)!
4	Such a cool place and so glad to have it downtown at Cityscape!  They have a great happy hour with $3 wells and 1/2 price appetizers.  The pretzels with 3 dipping sauces are amazing and worth the visit alone!
4	Lucky me!!  I see a lot of trips to Lucky Strike in my future!  I have been a few times now and have decided I really like the place, but not just for the bowling.  I like Lucky Strike for the good food, the cool vibe, and the specials.  The bowling is just an added bonus; a little something to get you moving so you're not just sitting in the same spot drinking and eating.The lunch specials are great and so are the happy hour deals.  Where else can you get a (really good) lunch for just over $5?  Not many places that I know of, especially in the downtown area.  And for those hard days at work when I just want to vent over a beer with coworkers, Lucky Strike is perfect!As far as the food goes, the mini burgers are fabulous; we had the blue cheese burger (with arugula) and the buffalo chicken (grilled chicken, not "crispy" aka breaded and fried.)  The pretzel sticks are yummy as are the beef skewers even if they are little on the sweet side.In addition to lunch and happy hour, I have also been on a Saturday night and had a great time.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND making reservations ahead of time.  It worked out perfectly and there was quite a wait (2 hours) when we were done.  Just make sure to round up all your friends as we needed more than 10 people to keep our reservation for two lanes. We bowled for two hours and hit the bar after that. Staff was very friendly and accommodating; mostly good looking girls in tank tops and short skirts.Overall, Lucky Strike is a great addition to downtown.  A cool bar that has bowling, not a dirty, smoky, bowling alley.  Go for lunch, go for happy hour, or go for nighttime fun on the weekend.  Either way, I think you'll have a good time.
5	If you're a native, this is an entirely different bowling experience.  This place is awesome... the food was great, the service was friendly the place looks really cool.... I'm coming back soon.
4	I really like this place. There aren't that many lanes, so if you plan to go on a Friday or Saturday night, call ahead and reserve your lane. This place has a lounge area with a good sized bar and couch area. Over where the 10 lanes are, there are about 4 pool tables, another bar, and another table and couches area. The end of the lanes have screens above them to watch sports or music videos. They play good music very loud. I had a really great time. My only complaint, we reserved lanes for 4 hours, and when the 4 hours was up, they wanted us out immediately. They started bussing the tables just taking drinks away. I was busy changing my shoes and didn't notice the busboy grabbed my drink. Excuse me, I just purchased that. I let him know that I understood they wanted us gone, but should ask the person sitting there which drink is theirs before throwing it away. As we were leaving, I was at the other table in our area and the busboy asks me if any of the drinks on that table were mine. I reminded him that he threw mine away and he should probably be asking that question to somebody else. It really annoyed me. I would definitely recommend it for a Sunday fun day. I didn't feel like we could really relax and have a good time on a Saturday because it was too busy and the staff was looking to make money rather than have their guests entertained.
3	I have been dying to come here for bowling and today we headed down after lunch. We parked in the garage under Cityscape and got our ticket validated which was nice. I noticed a sign near the entrance touting a $6 lunch and free game deal. That is awesome and if I was lucky enough to work downtown, that would be such a fun thing to do on your lunch hour. We were going to play one game which after two pairs of shoes had us at approx $17. Yikes! Luckily, my husband had this card that gave us an hour of bowling and shoes for free.  It turns out that we finished one game in 15 minutes. I would have been pissed to pay $17 for 15-20 minutes. My husband ordered a beer, me a water that tasted like flat sprite. Yuck when you are not expecting that. The server rectified it very quickly, though. I also ordered their pretzel snack that had 3 soft pretzel sticks with a trio of dips (cheese, mustard, and a garlic butter that intoxicated me with its smell). The app was $7 but I hear it is cheaper during happy hour (which they also have a reverse HH, by the way). My only beef with the app is it should be four instead of three pretzels since most people would split it with someone. Then you have the awkward "who will take the last one, or do we split it?"The game was pretty fun and I would recommend getting an hour if you are going with a group. Thirty minutes was about right for the two of us and was two games. Call me a traditionalist but I would have liked to see the "tips" on the monitor telling us how to achieve that unattainable split. Instead, we get how fast our ball goes down the lane which I suppose is good to know for some people. Overall, I enjoyed myself but again, the game was free. For a brief moment, I thought it would be great to take the kids (during the day) but that would be very costly for a family of four to play 2 games. I'd like to come back at night and bowl then but I hear that it is extremely difficult to get a lane. I have heard that it is still a cool place to hang out even if you can't get a lane so I'll go again. I can't wait to have those pretzel snacks again...day-um!
1	I was very excited to check this place out but was unfortunately really disappointed in the experience. I went with friends this past weekend and while I expected it to be busy, I had no idea it would be as packed as it was. We went on the wait list at 7:30 for a lane and were told it should be an hour and a half, we were happy with that and went to get some food and drinks. Our waitress took 6 orders without writing anything down, when we said "wow that is amazing you can remember all that" she quickly told us how wonderful her memory is...we were all impressed....until we got our orders. Of the 6, 3 were messed up and when we nicely asked for things to be fixed she rolled her eyes and was very nasty. I worked in food service for years and believe that even if you are annoyed, you should never let the customer know that and NEVER roll your eyes in front of them. So after we got all that squared away and were 2 hours into our wait for a lane, we were told it would be at least another hour to bowl....lesson learned. We will not be back to Lucky Strike. The atmosphere was really cool but the service was so poor that it is not worth making the trip there for mediocre food and service with an attitude.
5	Wow this place is great. The whole atmosphere is unique. Bowling, bars, dj - it's an awesome idea. Only thing is on a Friday, it's super busy and takes along time to get a bowling lane.
5	We had an office party here Friday for our one-year anniversary.  So, being that I didn't have to pay for the games, shoes, or food, my review is based on my experience.  Just thought I'd get that out there so nobody reams me.  We got the private room, which was really nice.  In fact, everything here was really nice: the decor, the people and, being that it's a new bowling alley, the shoes.  The shoes were still brand-new.  That's huge.We had a TON of food!  Pot stickers, pizza, veggie trays.  Everything was great and tasted fresh.  It wasn't Sysco food.The service was outstanding!  I'm not one of those people who says "outstanding" very often, but we were really taken care of well.There's a nice lounge off the main room for people who just want to...go to the bowling alley to drink.  Do people really do that???  I can't wait to get a group together to go again.  It's fun, it's Downtown and I'm excited about CityScape!
4	Great place to grab a quick bite before the game or the concert. They have a happy hour menu that has everything half off. We had 2 mini burgers and the chicken bites. Both were outstanding.I'm not a drinker, but you can watch people bowl and watch the big game on the large screen TVs at the same time while you're eating.
2	It looks cool but the place was full of suburban douchebags and the wait for a lane was over 1.5 hours.  I will not wait to bowl.
4	Damn Lucky Strike LanesHad me insane in the membraneDowning Patron, tasted like propaneDancing like I got an ankle sprainLive DJ spinning21 and over winningNeon, glowing balls pinningMunchie menu for the feigningGreat place to par-tayDon't be tardyIf you want to be a smartyCz the crowds be mighty heartySexy, urban-lounge atmosphereCan't talk dirty in my BF's earMusic and vibe is loud and clearTis okay cz his lips are nearI love nights like theseWhere waitstaff is eager to pleaseNaughty intentions are here to seizeLike laugh, drink, or get a hickeyTime to bowl and kid it upLet loose and cut it upOr dance and fire it upAdults only playgroundAfter 7pm, no kids are foundGet ready to chow downAnd clown aroundTequila Influenced Gutter balls and I'm out ;)
4	I've read complaints about the service but my experiences, including a couple of stops during Lucky Strike's first week of operation, have all been four star-worthy. The only snafu I can recall is the back bar running out of clean pint glasses, which resulted in a completely benign wait. Perhaps my expectations aren't as stringent as other reviewers but I've found the waitresses and bar staff to be both competent and charming. Really, there's so much going on around you, what with bowling, club music, sports and pretty folk everywhere, who notices if the food is coming out slowly?Speaking of the food, the price of the lunch and bowl special, which includes a choice of two sliders, fries, and free game of bowling, recently rose from 5 to 9 bucks but that was to be expected, plus it's still a really good value. The sliders (beef, pork sausage, chicken or tuna) are no joke and the fries, which come in modern stainless cups, are always hot and flavorful. I can't speak to the small plates, salads or pizza but I'll bet the menu redefines the words "bowling alley food."Quick Tips: 1) Make sure you get on their mailing list to receive the food and bowling coupons; and 2) If you're planning a large party--corporate outing, birthday, whatever--make sure you call and try to work a deal. In this economy everything is negotiable.
4	Very cool place downtown in CityScape, love the idea, not your dad's bowling alley full of sweaty old men playing in league's. This is definitely built more around the lounge concept than bowling lanes. A great place to have a b-day party with friends, they have huge screens at the end of each lane that were playing college football games when we went. They stocked local brew from Four Peaks which is awesome.The downside is the service wasn't the best but this is a new location so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt that they will figure it out. Other than that we highly recommend checking it out, once CityScape is done it's gonna be great to hangout downtown.
2	I'm not complaning,  we just found the food and bowling to be over priced.   So for those that can afford it go ahead and enjoy :)
5	SOOO glad to have this in downtown PHX. Great vibe and decor complements a needed addition to PHX- an upscale bowling alley where I can do other stuff beyond bowling. Lanes are beautiful here and the televisions throughout the place makes it impossible to miss a play in a game.
4	Made plans to head over to Lucky Strike after hearing about it (3) times in one week: my girlfriend went with her work, it was highlighted on "Undercover Boss" and again on E's Kendra... it was time. We went on Friday, about 8pm and it was packed... but we didn't mind. We checked in and they said it would be about 2 hours until we got a lane... no problem, we grabbed a drink (me, a Coppola cab - the fiance, a Kiltlifter). His beer was fine, but the cab was SKUNKY. I let the bartender know and he swiftly opened a new bottle sans tude... I liked that.We were waiting for (2) friends who arrived about 15 minutes later... about 10 minutes after that our buzzer alerted us the lane was open (so the (2) hour wait was really closer to 30 minutes. Not bad!The atmosphere is super clubby, almost in a bizarre way. They have bouncers at the door and you literally get turned away if you don't meet the dress standards (no hoodies, baggy clothes or hats). Kinda weird, but in a way I get what they are trying to do.The alley part is dark, with lounge style seating and super loud music. Very fun for bowling, but not ideal for convos. They have a little bar area with a DJ which is a bit quieter. We had apps, but they have a full menu. The pretzel dippers and boneless chicken wings were very tasty. Everyone had a great time, we'll definitely go again!
4	Went to Lucky Strike in Phoenix for the second time after my wedding reception last month...yes I bowled in my wedding dress! The staff was wonderful. They gave everyone in our party free shoe rentals and they game me a free dessert. The drink specials from 9-close are awesome. You won't find much better in downtown phoenix. The place is decorated great and has a really cool vibe. Even if you are not bowling, it is a fun place. Also, the manager/owner used to be my sister's soccer coach and he is awesome. They are a little particular about reserving lanes (can't reserve for Saturday until the Wednesday before) but I definitely recommend checking it out!
5	Lucky Strike is by far the best bowling alley I've ever been to.  The atmosphere is super cool and loungey, service is on point, really cool prints on the walls, great food (love the mini-burgers), and one of my favorite parts....giant TVs with sports on all over the placeI am the store manager of Urban Outfitters at CityScape, and we recently had our store's Holiday Party here...let me say that Lucky Strike was more than accommodating, highly recommended!
4	This place is awesome! For bowling, drinking or eating! But the bowling is a plus!! The ambience and colors inside are fabulous so you feel more like you are walking into a club than a bowling alley, but very cool. The menu is WAY better than it has to be. You should not expect traditional pizza and fries at this place. The bar tender Teddy makes great drinks and Buddy, well I don't really know what Buddy does, but he's very friendly! This is a great place for a date, a double date, a party or even for happy hour. The hosts are not overly friendly but that isn't that surprising. Overall fun and beautiful! Good times!
3	The waitstaff was outstanding! Really friendly and made sure we had what we wanted. They were also really accomodating with us bringing our own birthday cake- providing us with plates & silverware. The bowling itself was great fun, but getting to that point was a real hassle. Trying to reserve 2 lanes the Saturday before Christmas was difficult (even though I started trying like 3 weeks ago), but they managed to accomodate us for an hour before their contracted parties came in- but this took persistence with a few phone calls and schedule juggling with my party time. The most annoying part was trying to get started bowling once we got there. They wouldn't let us pay until right when we were to get started. I was told beforehand to come in 15 minutes before our reserved time to get set-up with the names & shoes but what actually happened was once I paid, our hour started (although I did have time to try and guess all of the people that would show so they could enter the lineup). We had to rush to get our shoes, the names were already ready entered on the lineup and we had to shuffle to get things rolling. It was a bit chaotic.If reserving lanes in advance here, I would definitely recommend that you know exactly how many are showing up & make sure they are all there on time. There really isn't any flexibility for latecomers or unexpected guests.Also, finding it was a little difficult- we had to cut through the CVS and then go upstairs. And they say they validate parking, but keep in mind, it's only for an hour.We ended up staying after our bowling finished, and found the lounge to be really comfortable. It was happy hour and the prices were great for the food they served. The food was really good- we had the macaroni & cheese bites (bite sized triangles, not too greasy), pretzel sticks (soft & fresh with 3 dipping sauces) & sliders (really flavorful).Overall, I liked the place and  would love to come back-- but without the pressure of trying to throw a party.
4	Sunday happy hour 4pm to 7pm! I am there. I mean the prices were GREAT! The appetizers were all half price and the drinks depending on what you got ranged from $2 to $5. I had a mini crabcake sandwich, which also came with fries, a glass of blue moon and a noshed on some pretzel sticks that my friend order. OH DEAR LORD! I was either starving or the food was that good. Considering the fact that I just finished trying to ice skate (which was pretty comical) I will say that I was hungry. Everything came out piping hot, our waiter was great and the company I was fabulous. I will be back soon to definitely try my hand at bowling, preferable during happy hour of course!
4	It's loud, it's crazy, it's SO FUN!!! I enjoy bowling but this is so much more. We had some wine and a couple appetizers while I destroyed my wife in bowling (snicker). It's a bit tough to get in so be sure to call first and make a reservation, if you can. Mostly good for the family. I mean, there's drinking, and semi-tightly-dressed waitresses and such but it's really not too bad IMHO. Our waitress was new in town and we had all these great conversations about the area. She made some perfect food suggestions and was super awesome in every way. A great place to go, I promise!If you can bring enough people with you to book both lanes in your little booth area, I would suggest that. We shared our booth with this other group we didn't know and they were nice and all but kept making out with each other (there were 3 couples) right in front of our table. Of course, our table faced their lane. A little off-putting but not enough to not come back. Next time though, we will book in advance and make sure to bring non-make-out-in-front-of-you type friends. lol!
1	I was very excited to check this place out...anything to make Phoenix a better place to live. But it was very disappointing. We made a reservation which they lost. The receptionist at the front desk was unapologetic and acted helpless. Our waitress was terrible. A young Russian girl with short blond hair who didn't smile, didn't make eye contact, and didn't want to take our order. I guess it was the end of her shift because before we could complain, Nicole came on shift. She was the best thing about our whole experience. She was prompt and friendly. The manager, Buddy, did come over to apologize about our reservation, apparently the girl who took our request made it for the wrong day...he stated this was not the first time this had happened. BTW we received nothing complimentary for our inconvenience and their lack of customer service. Don't waste your money...go to a real bowling alley. Also, the bathrooms were sad.
5	The Lucky Strike has been our go-to to kick off nights downtown. The atmosphere and crowd are very fun. The bartenders were very friendly when I asked about a new drink recommendation and the waitresses were very prompt and kept a good eye on my party. The DJ was great as many of us noted were noting through the night the good mix of music being played. I have yet to have had any complaints about my time here!
3	The lighting. It's the lighting.Whomever did the lighting design for Lucky Strike deserves an award. The lighting makes the place, even more than the furniture and colors. You walk into this subdued nightclub-seeming space, totally devoid (it seems) of any florescent tubes. Instantly your expectations are thrown off. Wasn't this supposed to be a bowling alley? It looks more like a martini bar or gallery or something. . . And truth be told it probably works better as a martini bar and gallery than as a bowling alley.As a bowling alley it's small in most dimensions. There are -- I believe-- 8 lanes. The approach area for each lane is adjacent to the ball-returns, which is a bit off-putting for those used to more ample spaces. And as bowling goes (at $4 per game) it's a bit expensive. The furniture is soft and comfy--in addition to being retro-chic modern--but with 8 people playing per lane there really isn't enough of it. We were told by the staff that first of all, we would need to bowl in teams of 8 per lane. That's understandable, and didn't pose much of a difficulty among our group of 16. However, the payment for the games could only be split into a maximum of two transactions. That meant that we needed to pay two people with cash who then bought our bowling fun in a sort of straw sale.  Inconvenient, especially considering that 4 or 5 people suddenly needed to run to an ATM and probably pay a 3-dollar fee. Is there another way to handle it? Probably.Then there are the laughable intellectual property regulations. We were told we couldn't take pictures of each other inside because everything inside is copyrighted. Well . . . y'know. . . . in this day of cell-phone cameras and fast CCD's that don't need flashes . . . well . . . I'VE GOT YOUR COPYRIGHT RIGHT HERE, PAL!!! Let me just say "f*cking lawerly morons" and leave it at that. I ordered a martini that really wasn't too bad. Nothing to write home about. I think it came in at $9. It really wasn't worth that. I noticed others enjoying sliders and pretzels that looked good.So what you get at Lucky Strike is a sanitized bowling experience with new equipment in a very nicely lit space. It's probably better as a date experience than for larger groups. And I think ironic urban hipsters have probably found their new home in downtown Phoenix.
4	I'm totally digging Lucky Strike.  It is sleek, urban, and sexy  - strange for a bowling alley, but I can't think of a better way to describe the vibe there.  I almost felt weird bringing my kid with me to bowl, since the place felt so grown-up.  Luckily, we picked a kid-friendly time (Sunday morning), and the place was nearly empty.We had fantastic service from everyone - the hostess, the guy who checked us in, and our waitress.  Our waitress was particularly awesome.  She didn't even bat an eye when our 4-year-old knocked over a glass of water.  I was happily surprised at how welcome they made us feel.  We sampled the Parmesan and Herb Fries, which were tasty, but I was wishing for more herbs and less cheese.  Maybe an interesting dipping sauce?  The menu looked interesting, especially compared to typical bowling alley food.  Looking forward to a return visit that includes a full meal!The only downside is the price - $28 (not including food) for 3 of us to bowl one game, with shoe rental.  Maybe it is just my lack of recent bowling experience, but that seemed pretty high to me.  Luckily, the service and atmosphere made up the difference, and we won't hesitate to return.
4	UPDATE:I'll tell you this much: Lucky Strike does listen to customers and take customer service seriously.Shortly after this review, I got a nice note from their corporate headquarters apologizing for a not-so-good experience, and that's all I needed. I dig a company who acknowledges that there is always room to better serve their customers. I've been back to Lucky Strike many times (for lunch, for dinner, for a lazy Sunday) since then and there is definite improvement in phone manners and in handling customers' questions.More importantly, Phoenix management went above and beyond for me on  a busy Friday night. I didn't expect an agreeable response, I simply thought there was no harm in asking, and management surprised me with an excellent solution.And that excellent solution made a new mom/birthday girl very happy.Fist bump to PHX management and staff.Now if they can only do something about my game, I'd be set.
5	I new it would be a fun night as soon as I walked into this place!  Great upscale atmosphere.  Makes bowling fun!  Huge screen TVs at the end of each lane.  The menu and food is great! Service was fantastic, never waited for anything.  We had a group of 10 and we all had a great experience!
5	Fun times! I went here for a friend's birthday bash. It was a Tuesday and the place was packed with hot downtown folk! Men in suits having fun and not minding us girls in jeans and baseball caps! The atmosphere was surprisingly welcomg. Not pretentious. We went during happy hour and the food was fab for the price. Pretzels and wings were yummy. The 2 buck beers kept us hydrated. Oh and the bowling was fun, too. Waiter was a great sport...we were typsy and a tad obnoxious but he never fret about it. We left before the velvet ropes came up outside. The DJ was setting up on the side and the mingling singles replaced us and the businessmen with their weekedn outfits and cologne!The 411 on the time frame and deals we scored:Daily Happy Hour4-7PMJoin us for food & drink specials. Drinks incl: $2 Domestic drafts, $3 Well Drinks, $4 House Wines, and 1/2 off selected menu items.Dress: college tee to business tie
4	Yup still a fan. I have been back here so many times and everyone really is pretty nice. I still have not bowled but I have watched others have a grand ole time at it. Me, I come for the yummy sliders, pretzel sticks, and the fries. Although I have had to send my fries back on a few occasions because they have come out either cold or not fresh, meaning that you can tell that they had been sitting out and they tried to re-fry them to make them fresh. FAIL! You try to pass out refried fries to a fry freak like me. Just won't work buddy but good try.All in all, its a great place to come and hang out and eat and drink for pretty cheap. Maybe one of these days, I will actually bowl.
4	Today I had the club sandwich for lunch and it was without a doubt one of the top five sandwiches of my lifetime. A club sandwich seems easy enough to master but Lucky Strike threw an egg on top and change the game. Mind = Blown. Also, I had been a little underwhelmed by the service in visits past but today everything went nice and smooth. Your stock is rising, Lucky Strike!
4	I made a reservation for this place a week in advance. left a voicemail and the host gave me a call back right away and reserved my party.That's a plus! We came a little bit late because we were driving in from California but we were only 15 mins late. however the host still allowed us to keep the reservations. Another plus! The clerk , did a poor job in explaining the rules. When we walked in at 9:30 She told us that we could play as many games within the hour. when you purchase time. But they didn't make us finish our game nor did they make us finish our time. So I was upset. I asked to speak to a manager and he (Kevin Stone) took his own sweet time to come speak to us while he was talking on the phone. It was soo long that we had to walk up to him and stare at him for 5 more mins until he noticed that we were standing there. However,   recently the Marketing Coordinator or lucky strikes contacted me on yelp and was really sorry about my incident. She agreed to give me 2 hours of play time back.  That  was great on their part. Lucky strikes has definately changed my mind about there customer service. The marketing rep has gone above and beyond and I really appreciated that establishment. So I changed my rating from 1 star to 4 stars. Kudos to Lucky Strikes and looking forward to giving them another chance.!!
4	Never knew this place existed until a friend introduced it to me... On the night of my "birthday" gathering!  Wow!  Very cool place in Phoenix!  Who knew!  We went fairly late after hitting Sens in Downtown PHX, so we didn't have a chance to bowl too much, but it was a place everyone enjoyed and said "we need to do this again!"  They have a bar, which seemed decently priced, 7-8 dollars for Vodka/Redbull and 14 dollars for a bucket of Millers, I believed included 5 longnecks.  Go check it out!
5	I've always had a great time at Lucky Strike - the food is good, the service is fantastic and the place is really cool and different.  It's nice to have an unscheduled, unticketed event/thing to do for the first time in downtown's history.  Crazy, funny, hilarious Nicole and Daveon are always helpful and on top of it - there's another server, with short curly hair and a cute pierced lip that's amazing too.My only gripe is seeing a dress code - this is kind of weird to see in Phoenix, especially downtown, where people are hipsters and scenesters and just urban folks.  If people aren't dressed appropriately, they're going to feel uncomfortable, and I don't know about you, but I *want* to know who the problematic people are by how they look when they walk in.  Heck, even when I've been to the opera, symphony, theater, etc people are dressed in shorts and t-shirts sometimes.What would make it better?  More things to do - I'd love to see a wall of pinball machines - pinball rocks.Also, making Cityscape more interesting would help too - there needs to be more to do at Cityscape.... put in a Sega GameWorks.... get things to do that are unique and don't require special advance planning.  Be more urban, this isn't Kierland Commons.  Put in a giant building filled with apartments, downtown needs more residents or these businesses aren't going to last through summer of 2012, guaranteed.Still, a 5 star experience...
5	Came here on a Sat. afternoon for a 4 year old birthday party . . . can you say 'swanky' and 'cool'?!  The atmosphere there is the bomb! Apparently, for one set price per child, they will be unlimited refills of drinks and food for the party~ which is perfect if you have teenagers who don't blink twice at having 10 hot dogs! We had a table laddened with hot dogs, fries, pizza, popcorn, potato chips~ talk about a kid's food heaven! We were situated at the last lane which was perfect, the kids could run around safely while the adults lounged around and have adult conversation.  They have a full menu and full bar to satisfy any adult's appetite.I took a tour of the place and became very excited by the vibe of the place (sleek, modern, new, clean . . . ) that I wanted to bring all of my friends here to have a good time that I texted a group of my friends right then and there about having a night out!The waitresses were great~ very friendly and told me that on Friday and Saturday nights the a DJ comes and spins cool tunes~ she says the place gets packed so make sure to make reservations for a lane. (They have pool tables too.)What a great addition to downtown Phx . . . would not be surprised if Tarantino shoots a scene at this lounge . . . this place is that cool.
4	I live downtown so any bowling I can walk to and stumble home from is just perfect. We tend to bring out international/out of town visitors there for a fun night out on weekdays. All in all bowling there is fun, but expensive. I've not been on a weekend yet, I wonder if they really uphold those crazy dress codes. (check their site)The pros:- It makes downtown Phoenix more awesome. - It's nice looking inside, clean and upscale appearance and decor- They have fun promos with the green pin (waitress witnesses you knock it down when it's pin 1 and you get a free app, etc).- The waitresses are usually great and friendlyThe cons: - It is really expensive bowling.-The shoes still smell even tho it's upscale-The house wine wine tastes like it came straight from a box, legit. It's so so so bad and at $6/glass or $4/glass/happy hour you'd hope for it to not be truly crappy wine. I wish they would kick it up a notch and get a bubbly on that list. They clearly make enough $$ off the bowling to afford to have wine that matches their dress codes. - We've had a few, ahem, special waitresses who made their problems our problem or who left us thirsty for close to an hour. Thirsty bowlers are bad bowlers.
3	Planned a bowling night for 8 of my friends.  Called a couple days before to check to see if I needed to reserve a lane.  I was told reservations are only for groups who purchase a food & beverage package and that I should get there about 7:15/7:30 and put my name on the list for 8PM bowling time.  Arrived at 7:20 and was told no lanes would be available till 9:30/10.  Texted my friends to come around 9.  Ordered an ice tea at the bar (DD for the night) and was told there was a $10 minimum.  My bowling pager went off just after 8PM.  There was a cancellation and my lane was ready.  Unfortunately, only 2 of my friends were there.  We were informed that it's $50 per lane per hour and you have to decide right then how many hours you want to bowl and you must prepay.  They can only split the bill 2 ways (so make sure you/r friends bring cash).  The three of us ended up bowling for 1 hour and with shoe rental, it ended up $68.  Needless to say my other friends didn't make it in time to join us and they didn't end up getting a lane until after 10.Bottom line, Lucky Strike is pretty cool, but definitely overpriced and chaotic if your group isn't all there and ready to wait for your lane.  It could be really fun if your group is willing to dole out the dough and get a food & bev package so you can actually make a reservation and bowl when you want to.  It seems a bit out of place, being Downtown.  Lucky Strike would rock in Old Town.  I will not be back, on my own dime at least.
4	Dropped in with some friends.  The lanes were all taken, so we went over to the pool tables to play some pool.  They were busy too, so a couple of us went over to try and 'win' a table from people who were there.  I normally enjoy playing pool, but didn't feel like it on this particular evening.The pool tables seemed to be in good shape and there is adequate room, but with people walking by, it can get a bit annoying to deal with them interfering with the shot.....the traffic flow can be improved.There's a bar area with a lounge on the side of the bowling alley and the floor of the alley is eye level, so it's kind of cool to watch the bowling action from that vantage point.Overall, it's a pretty cool place.  Would like to come back again.Return Factor - 90%
1	My first experience here was short, sweet, and to the point. It was pleasurable. In other words, I had been eagerly anticipating a return.My second experience was cause enough to never return. Picture this- there were perhaps 10-20 patrons in attendance, and mind you, 'twas about 1:15AM when we arrived. We had no intent to bowl as they have a spectacular looking bar that actually showcases local artists' works (I'd give them more than two thumbs up if I physically could for this) so the idea was to grab a few cocktails. Service was lackadaisical at best even though we were the only ones at the bar itself.The epic fail that we ran headfirst into was the extreme absence of management, poor salesmanship on behalf of the bartenders, and the uber extremism of the  "bouncers." Unfortunately whenever there are a bunch of guys behind me yelling at me to "get out" after the bartender has just delivered a drink, I am going to be a bit frustrated. By the way, it was still before 2:00AM.Ultimately it's a shame. As I was walking out I told one of the "bouncers" that I would never be back, to which he replied, "It's no skin off my back." For a service-based business in downtown Phoenix to have such a blatant disregard for any patronage they may acquire is simply dumbfounding. I live a few blocks away and whole-heartedly wanted this place to be a "go to" spot for when friends and family from other parts of the valley and from out of state visit, but if the "bouncers" are the only voice here then I would prefer to give my business to anywhere besides Lucky Strike.
5	FANTASTIC EXPERIENCE!!!!!!We had a 7th birthday party for my son here. We were there on a Sunday around lunchtime and it was perfect. The staff took really good care of us and the food was SO good. We consider ourselves foodies and it was delish. If you are not one for kid parties at Chuck E Cheese and want something different, come here. Still getting compliments a week later.
4	last night 5/20 i went to my friend's birthday bash held at Lucky Strikes. Upon walking into Lucky Strikes it struck me that it didn't feel like a bowling alley but rather a huge roomy club. The music was happening, there was a dj by the side bar/lounge and as you walked up the stairs/ramp it led you to a cavernous room where the bowling lanes were situated as well another bar/lounge area and two billiard tables. The overall atmosphere and decor of this place makes it a go-to destination and something central Phoenix really needed. Anywho, my friend reserved two lanes for 120 minutes, each lane was $49.99/hr and she included us in a drink package of unlimited beer and wine for $22 excl tax. let's say the unlimited drinkage helped my bowling game or lack thereof. I've never felt that pro-ish, the tipsiness really gave me courage to give it my all! liked the dj, it was a healthy mix of dance ripped top 40 with old school hip hop... it really lent a true party experience to my friend's birthday bash as well as the overall vibe of the place. BUT one thing that annoyed me with lucky strikes was the music volume, it was LOUD! now, don't get me wrong I go out to the clubs in old town and I'm used to LOUD but a club with friends is not a conversation/social experience, albeit social but i go out to the clubs to drink and get my dance on. But at a bowling alley during down times like waiting for your turn, drinking your beer, there are times you might like to chat with your friends but with the music volume, it's too loud that you spend the time nodding your head and agreeing to something you did not hear =( and it ends up being a shouting fest like, "What?!? you said what?!? huh? No... i did not buy this shirt from..., OH you said you like my shirt?! ok!! thank you! (other person - what?!?) give up, thumbs up!" Oh, food wise well it's upgraded bowling alley food with presentation if there's such a thing. lol. we ordered a basket of Parmesan herb fries $7.5 which was a large basket and the mac & cheese bites $6 which were quite bland but cheesy and was a good serving size. Overall, I liked the place, it's a great place for a birthday and everything is professional and appealing. Oh and don't forget to get your parking validated before you leave, it HELPS!
2	My girlfriend and I were so excited to come here a few weeks ago since we have had fun in the past. Unfortunately, this time it was a bit of a letdown. We got there at 6:30pm and for an hour, it was $50 or $60...so expensive! Not bad if there are a number of you but there was only two of us and that time, you HAVE to purchase an hour. Okay, fine, not a big deal. We sit down and our lane didn't work as the hour is ticking down. You would think there is something that automatically notifies the employees that the lane has malfunctioned but I guess not. I notified the girl and they moved us to lane 11 which is second from the last lane. I know things happen, so that didn't really bother me. As we are bowling though, we were so hot and sweating! I was practically parked by the fan on the equipment that cools your hands. I started getting nauseous because I was so warm. When I mentioned this to our server (because I was concerned the AC was broken on that end of the floor), she agreed it was hot but that always happens when they raise the shades on the windows. She said the windows get so hot that even when the sun sets, it keeps that side really warm. I asked her to notify the manager because the heat had made us really uncomfortable. She said she would but we never got a visit or apology from the manager. Frustrating. If you know that is an issue then turn up the issue in that particular zone. I do not expect to pay that much for an hour of bowling to sweat my ass off the whole time. That is ridiculous. On a positive note, the service was good and they had a great happy hour during the time we there. For two apps and a beer, our bill was approx $10. I felt like that really balanced out the price of bowling during happy hour. Will I go back? Likely. But it is a shame that I'll have to picky about what lane we go to which might limit our ability to even get a lane. We'll see...
2	The food and service were great, but the music was so loud you couldn't talk without yelling, but it was a Saturday night, I can understand that. What really got to me though was the lanes were not properly waxed so you couldn't slide and it would seem the AC was broken. My friends and I kept going outside to cool down. Several of us asked for the AC to be turned down and we were told the AC was broken, which is horrible is Phoenix. Overall I'd go to party there, but as a bowling alley, I'd go somewhere else.
3	This is such an awesome concept with so much potential! I like the idea of a trendy, downtown bowling alley with a hip bar and snazzy feel. (I also love old school bowling alleys as well- especially the bars...top notch!) Anyhow, Lucky Strike looks really cool. The main point being "LOOKS". When you actually touch something and focus, this place is made of complete crap. It just looks nice because it is new. The balls are cheap and generic. The floor, lanes and light fixtures are worse than Ikea. They have little plastic stools that probably cost a buck. Give this place a little wear and the poor quality will start to show. There also aren't a lot of lanes? The bar/restaurant area is bigger than the actual bowling alley portion. Hopefully the entrance is finally completed because we had to walk up some creepy closed in stairwell strewn with old food. If you are going to charge over 20 bucks for two hours of bowling and attempt to be snazzy and upscale, then commit to that. We went around happy hour time and they had some "deals" if you want to call them that. The glasses of wine were so very tiny. About a half a glass each. Our server was nice, but really slow. So we would order another drink as soon as she brought one so it would time out (about 15 min between). I don't really get it either since we were the only people bowling. Better hope you aren't a Vegetarian because your only option on the menu we had was soft pretzel sticks. At least they were really tasty and had nice presentation. This place has good potential for sure. Come and enjoy. I just don't think the quality is worth the cost. .
3	Generic Lucky Strike atmosphere.  Nice crowd.
3	Finally got around to checking this place out on a Saturday night. Hmmm, let's start at the beginning...reservations are recommended, you are assigned a concierge (unnecessary), you check in to get shoes and they imput your party's names so you don't have to fiddle around with that (nice touch. Wait did I just say fiddle, damn I'm getting old) however the check in boy seemed like he didn't enjoy his job.A server brings you drinks...and she checks on you tons (cha-ching)!Atmosphere is great and  there is lounge vibe all around with fun music (they have a dj). Like that they showcase art from the local scene. And a first for me to see a bowling alley with  windows. The temperature (and the shoe guy) in this place knocked my rating down to a 3 star. It was a bit warm and we asked our "concierge" to fix that, she said they lowered it but we couldn't tell. We were just there for funsies but it looked like a few celebrations were going on, so it seems like a good place for groups. The food looked good too, but we didn't partake.
2	This review is only based on the bar area/happy hour. Although this review is negative, I will defiantly be returning for bowling which I know will be an awesome experience.So my hubby and I went yesterday afternoon (A Saturday) to check out happy hour. I had read on their website that they do Happy Hour everyday of the week from 4-7 with drink specials and some 1/2 priced menu items. The decor is amazing and we love how you can watch the lanes while hanging out in the bar. We sat down and as soon as the waitress saw us, I picked up the menu and asked "Is this the happy hour menu?" And she said "Yes, it is all 1/2 priced" Perfect. My husband and I both got a well mixed drink. It was fine. However, our bartender/waitress was throwing off a weird vibe (I don't know how to explain it, but she made us feel uncomfortable and barely said a word to us) so we decided to just have the one drink and leave. We paid and after exiting, we saw the sign that had their happy hour specials listed which said $3 well drinks. We both got well drinks but were charged $5 for each drink. I understand that we sat down about 8 minutes before 4pm that day but after remembering that the first thing I asked the bartender was about their happy hour specials, you would assume you would get happy hour prices or she would tell you that she would have to wait until after 4pm to honor the prices if their pos system worked that way. I know it is only $4 but I think it is just common courtesy to say something.
4	I had a nongoing feud with Lucky Strike. That is, they didn't really know about it until about a year later but, on Facebook, I tried to dissuade people from going there because of their policy denying fashion defining jorts (mens jeans shorts). That said, Gabi and Jared invited us for a bowl/drink and all was forgiven when you go somewhere (ANYWHERE) with Royalty. I got so sloppy drunk. Gabi says we're serious bowlers, and while that may be true in the most proudly white trash sense, that night I could not see straight. Nor bowl. Jared likely benzodiazepined me. I would describe Lucky Strike like this: Scottsdale type crowd, very reasonably priced drinks, and very, very expensive bowling.
5	Thank You SO Much Jacqueline!!!Our friends enjoy Lucky Strike and wanted to have a little get together for a Birthday. The group consisted of more than 15 people. The two lanes were more than enough for all of us. There was a great seating area just behind the two lanes we reserved where the few that decided not to bowl were able to relax chit/chat and of course enjoy an adult beverage. The wait staff floated through the many lanes with ease which was much appreciated. I almost forgot to mention the fact that there were NO KIDS ALLOWED after 8:30pm!!!
2	Lots of fun but ridiculously over priced!!!!!
1	I haven't even visited and I'm disappointed.  I wanted to celebrate my wife's birthday there, so I filled out their online form, almost a full 3mos in advance.  I was sent an initial email by the "Coordinator" with party packages, and wrote me to let her know if I had any questions, or wanted a quote.  I HAD questions, AND wanted a quote.  Now here I am, about less than 2weeks from my wife's Bday, and yet, NO response.  They must be doing really well to let good money and repeat business walk away.
3	I need to update my last review......Since my last entry, the staff read what I had wrote, and went thru the trouble to contact me.  They sincerely apologized for the mishap and rushed to get me a quote for my event.  I want to thank Brandon and Jackie for their efforts, and let them know I'll keep Lucky Strikes in mind for the next event.
5	Lucky Strike has lunch and a game of bowling for only $10.  The menu has recently changed for lunch, and the grilled cheese sandwich wasn't very good, however, I had such a good time taking an hour for lunch with friends, that this is still a 5 star review.  Lucky Strike is most famous for its nightlife, but I prefer lunch for pricing and It wasn't very busy.  So we didn't have any problem getting any lanes for lunch.  I am headed there again this week to show friends new to the valley.  I will trying the chicken sandwich, since it looked the best.
4	Don't care for the bowling but I love the sliders here.
3	Expensive drinks, mediocre food, and overpriced lane charges force Lucky Strike Lanes to fight for my approval right out of the gates.  The concept is dead on, but you'll definitely end the evening of fun with a lighter wallet to go along with your sore arm.  The music and layout was certainly the highlight and I had a blast hanging out with all my friends.  Bottomline - if you want to bowl, drink, and eat and it has to happen at the same venue, Lucky Strike is your place.
4	What I love best about this place, is that when you are hanging out in the VIP room and your gazing out of the huge wall of windows, you feel like you might be in New York for a second.I wouldn't say this place is really a bowling alley, but more of just a club, but it is still a fun place to go. I didn't have to pay for anything when I was here because I was a company party, so I can't say if I would have paid for this again, but I did have a good time while I was there.The drinks were pretty weak, but the food was pretty good and the atmosphere is fun. Plus there is a lot of great places in walking distance.
3	Only 8 lanes and they are over priced.Hate the concept of reserving lanes.Decent music and crowd.
3	Cool place... I don't bowl but a friend had a b-day party here. Liked the setup, I'd go back.
4	This place was exactly as expected! Decent food, great happy hour in an upscaleish bowling alley. It's a great addition to a downtown scene saturated in bars and restaurants. I love that it brings something a little different to downtown. I definitely can see myself meeting up here with friends in the future.
5	Is it just me or is the VIP room sexy as hell?  I love this place.This Mamacita can hit pins, let me tell ya.  I love bowling but bowling alleys can be so disappointing.  Not this place.  I had one of the best times ever at this alley.  The service was great, everyone was helpful and attentive.  Drinks were concocted to perfection.  The music was great - we were dancing around, good times.I can't wait to go back!
3	Not your average bowling alley!  This is the kind of place you want to go bowling with friends and not your kids really.  They have an awesome bar and a contemporary look.  Their servers wear tiny little booty shorts, hence not really a place for kids.I had the pizza and the cesar salad.  Both were only ok.  Pizza was kind of greasy and I like when my cheese is a little more browned.  I was there for a work event, so the I only had one drink.  It tasted good, but not strong at all.  This may sound weird, but the shoes were actually somewhat comfortable. When my friends wanted to order something else, it took forever to flag our server down.  Getting the check back took some time too.
4	My family and I booked a party here for my brother's birthday.The atmosphere, decor, and view are all great. It was suprisingly slow when we first arrived but got busier as our evening went on.Staff was polite and attentive. Our waitress Christina checked in on us often and even had the music changed when we asked for something other than dance/techno.Food was better than expected however the pizza was really greasy.A great place to have a party with family or friends. I reccomend it!
1	My boyfriend and I were on a date Sat night.. Went to stand up live 1st, then after to lucky strike for a drink.  My boyfriend ordered a vodka tonic... WEAK.. So he ordered a double.. willing to pay whatever.. As the girl made the drink.. I did a drink count with her.. (I have been in the service for 16 years) She just put in a larger glass, and did a 3 count.. I asked her about it and she said she did a six count.and if we wanted more she would have to charge for a double plus another drink... girl plzzzz. I watched you...learn how to count!... Rude service!! ! I'll stay at Copper Blues.Thanks
4	Been to LS in Phoenix a few times. Everything from a party of 25 (with kids) to a group of 4 entertaining out-of-towners.Each time was a success but that success comes with a price. The bowling  is expensive. $40 per hour for the lane plus shoes; we dropped $60 before we even ordered our first drink. That being said, you're paying for atmosphere and the decor is great, as is the service. Very attentive and they seemed nonplussed by the children running around. That's always nice (sometimes you just have to bring them along and kids love to bowl, right?)Their menu is impressive as well. When my foodie friends come to town and decide against bowling because they hate "bowling alley food", this is a great option because this is definitely a few notches above typical alley fare! My favorite items are the Pretzel Dippers and the Chicken Pillows. Burgers are quite tasty as well. My husband had a salad that was spicy and satisfying. Food and drink prices are reasonable.I've never been to their happy hour, but am planning an outing in the near future!
4	I had the short ribs...If you like short ribs this is a must try here??  Yes at a bowling alley the short ribs was delicious and the Parmesan Bread pudding was an unexpected treat.  I finished this plate and for a fair price of $15!  Not an avid bowler so I sat it out with my group and just had beer and food.  Great place for a large crowd to mingle or in our case a birthday party.  Great music, video screens, and watching drunk people bowl is great entertainment :)
5	This review update is for the food only.  I ordered the short rib since I had not eaten a thing all day, so a hardy dish was what I was craving.  OMG!  I never would have imagined how good it would be.  The short rib melted in your mouth.  The Parmesan bread pudding was wonderful.  A little on the salty side, but I LOVE salt!
2	When I walked in to Lucky Strike, I immediately noticed the bar to my left. It was  a very long bar with a ton of stools as well as a few tables. I almost liked the bar area more than the bowling area, because it was so roomy. The lanes, on the other hand, were pretty ridiculously crowded.First off, there weren't that many lanes. While there were also several pool tables in the building, the actual bowling area was pretty small, with only a dozen lanes. Each lane had some couches and additional stool seating behind the lanes, but to get by everyone at your lane, you really had to wiggle around them because the couches were so close to the balls. It was incredibly awkward and forces you to get super-close to the people you're with.Also, while there were some televisions broadcasting sports above the lanes, one of the screens simply scrolled through random pieces of art. I much rather would have watched music videos of the songs that were playing (which were not good, by the way-Jamiroquai, seriously?!). The whole art thing was sort of bizarre to me and actually made the place seem less hip.The crowd there, surprisingly, was mostly suits who probably came straight from work. I was surprised the place was as busy as it was. While our lane waitress was super-friendly, service was really slow, and someone in our party said it almost would have made more sense just to walk to the bar ourselves for drinks.Prices vary depending on times and days, but if you're going to bowl Friday and Saturday nights after 6 p.m., it'll cost a whopping $39.95 per lane per hour. That, to me, is ridiculous when so many other lanes have unlimited cosmic bowling (with good music and music videos) for only $20 a person. Don't go to Lucky Strike-try Scottsdale Lanes instead.
3	Came here on a Saturday night for a birthday gathering.I was pretty impressed with this place:A) Along with the bowling area, there's a bar with pool tables, and a lounge section with a window facing the lanes where you can people watch.B) A live DJ played songs and mixed videos on the screens throughout the establishment. I liked the songs he was playing, and also takes requests if you want to hear something specific or change the genre.C) The waitresses are attentive, and don't mind splitting checks. Make sure you tell them beforehand to avoid any confusion.**Bonus Points**Rack City came on, and one of the girls bowling next to us bent over and made her booty clap. I didn't even need to give her a dollar!So, why only three stars?! Well, there's one REALLY big caveat to this place. Everything was clean with exception to the men's bathroom. It smelled like urine. Not just ordinary urine, but the kind you piss out when you've been drinking a little too much. GROSS. Annnnd it's all over the floor. Management -- please do something about this.As long as you avoid the bathroom (if you're a man), you'll have fun here.
1	This is solely a review just on the bar:Paid $17.50 for a washington apple and a redbull with vodka. 2 drinks, small cups, about 12 icecubes in these cups too making it about a 10 sip drink. Definitely never going back here to drink at the bar...could have bought a whole bottle of vodka for that. No wonder we only saw 2 other couples there haha, should have guessed.
4	I really like going here for their "lunch and bowl" deal.  Its about $10  for lunch, a drink and a game.  The food is decent, although the service has been a bit iffy.  Usually you can be in and out within an hour...which is perfect for lunch.
1	I've been to Lucky Strike a few times and have loved it. I usually sit in the bar or lounge area with great service. However based on my last time there, I will probably not go back. I was there for lunch, and our server was great and telling us she was about to relocate. We wished her luck and told her that she would be hard to replace. Then out of no where this guy was behind the bar(i'm guessing a manager), said "no she's not hard to replace". Are you kidding me!!!!!! This is how management treats their staff? After I ate, I asked the server if I could see the manager. She told me she would be right back to go look for him. About 10 min later, she came back and told me the manager didn't have time to speak with me. This is absolutely crazy!!!!!! I definitely won't be back, and will tell my friends not to go there, even though the service and food is good. There are plenty of places  in downtown to support where the management treats their staff properly.
4	I went to Lucky Strike last week for a work outing. I had never been before so I was excited to check it out. It is definitely fancier than the VFW-like bowling alleys I'm used to. Full bar & food options were great. The servers were all really nice & super quick with drink orders. There were so many places to sit or stand it never felt overly crowded, which was really nice. Even the music was awesome! Not sure on pricing, but I can only assume it's pricey since it's so nice. It'd be a fun place to go back with a group of friends, though!
4	I organized a company event here a few weeks ago with a blind eye, since I had never been here before. The folks I worked with to set it up were great, and they definitely treated us well. It was a Wednesday night, so there wasn't much traffic downtown. We had a private area, which was clean and looked great. It was a little confusing that you have to go up to the counter to get your names put up on the screen to bowl, but once we figured it out, we were ready to go. The food they brought out was tasty, the drinks kept coming, and everyone had a great time. I'd definitely come here again for a date night or with a smaller group of friends.
4	Went for a late night dinner with a side of bowling.  Very nice place, very clean, decent music, fun overall environment.My wife and I went on a Sunday night ant it was surprisingly slow.  Having worked the hospitality field myself, I know that when a place is slow that staff can get board and can get a little lazy with what few customers are there.  I was surprised that this was not the case.  Actually quite the opposite the staff seemed to go out of their way to find things to do for the customers in order to keep busy.  So that was definitely a plus.  And while the dinner menu is a bit small, the food was excellent and reasonably priced to boot. My only major critique would be that while it is a VERY a nice place, the cost of bowling frames seemed awfully high.  For the price of 2 games for me and her, i could have got unlimited games at a standard bowling ally that offers "cosmic bowling".  But i guess your ultimately paying for the environment more then that game itself. That said the cost isn't enough to keep me from going, but it is enough to keep me from going as often as i would like.
5	My Family and I just got back from a few days in Downtown Phoenix.  Luck Strike was the HIGHLIGHT of our trip.  My 2 boys had such a blast.The Manager, Nicole Joe, really went above and beyond, making our visit the best bowing, food and drinks experience we had ever experienced.  The drinks and food were all super good, and the lanes were so classy.The look of this place is out of this world.  Huge flat screens above the pins, super classy lighting and wood everywhere.  Just being in this place makes you feel great.I just wish this place was in Tucson, because we cannot wait to return.  Thank you Nicole Joe!
5	Our company recently had a corporate event at Lucky Strike and we had a blast!  The team there (Mick, Nicole, Rudy & Dallas) really made an effort to make sure we were comfortable and had no worries.  The whole experience gave a lasting impression to everyone that came.  Thanks Lucky Strike Team!
3	A different way to have fun with your friends aside from the bar and club scene. There is an arcade, and it is attached to a bar so you have a lot of options.
5	We had friends in town and needed a place to hang out, eat and drink.  This place was perfect.  You can eat there (which had ok food choices but GREAT drink choices) or hit one of the local restaurants nearby.  We went to Blue Hound then bowled.  Atmosphere was cool, hip and fun.  Large screen televisions helped entertain and large couches were relaxing after rolling a strike.  Young, old and children alike will enjoy this place.
5	Lucky Strike! This place is Deliciously Classy. I took my sweety there for our first date. It was a Sunday just after the George Lopez "Dream out Loud" tour at the Comerica Theatre.  And as soon as we walked in we were in awe.  Its dark, sexy, and a lot going on.  There were about a dozen bowling lanes, pool tables, and a nice lounge area so you can sit watch your date bowl.  We arrived just before a company gathering had arrived and we were mistaken as being part of the group. So they were very happy to see us come in, and gave us the Royal treatment.   When they finally realized we were not part of the party, they asked politely to ask us to move because it was rented.  Nicole was very nice to us, and didn't charge due to the fact that it was a mix up and I didn't understand that it was rented for another party.  All in all it was a great experience. We had a fun time , even though it was cut short.  And I will definitely be back to play and order and try out the food.  Ive noticed people complain about the price of bowling, honestly it's a fair price, because it includes the ambiance as well and the music and good vibe this place gets.  The atmosphere of an environment is very classy and those are the types of places Id like to continue taking my date and or a group of people that Id like to impress. So 5 stars for great service, great time, and nice decor AND its in the downtown Phoenix scene, theres so much to do there, and now theres bowling!!!  NICE!!Nicole provided AWESOME customer service!!  Great Job!
2	Normally I'm a 5 star (and once a 1 star) kind of girl. Tonight at lucky strike severely disappointed me. We were there to just a have good night out with friends. My friend and I arrived late. It took 26 minutes to get any kind of service (we ended up going to the bartender -who was a doll...she gets 5 stars). Got food and beers and our hour on the lane was over so we went into the soft seating area. We were trying to cash out and still hasn't seen a server -it was an hour later. I got a manager involved and the server had left, charged the card that the tab was on, and never got someone else to cover their section. The manager bought us a round and was wonderful in trying to fix everything. We were waiting to go back on a lane, and it turns out they took us off the wait list since we had a lane earlier and they "didn't think we wanted the later lane as well". They try really hard, but it's like the fart that was forced. :(
5	Came here on a Saturday early afternoon with two kids, ages 6 and 9. Didn't need a reservation because I think it only gets crowded in the late afternoon/evening. This is NOT 1980s bowling, people! Talk about posh, modern, clean, and awesome. It has a warm vibe, probably because it's pretty small. Great music, not overly loud. I will never look at bowling the same again! The "bumpers" for kids come up automatically for the kids' frames, which is pretty cool.  Ordered some food for lunch that they serve right at your lane. Chicken pillows (basically chicken won tons), small burger slider things, a turkey club (with an egg in it! Love it!), and the gluten free green chile tacos. We all LOVED everything. The food is pretty great for "sports bar" type of food, but especially for a bowling alley. Had a couple of beers and wine, pretty good selection for both wine & beer. Played in the really upscale, modern arcade after bowling. It was empty, so that was great compared to the usual Peter Piper grossness/overcrowdedness of the weekends. I would happily pay more money to bowl, eat, and play games in style!! The best part probably is the free photo booth thing where you can put in your email address and it mails the photos to you. The photos are great - they are surprisingly high resolution for a free photo station. We captured a fantastic family photo that will be a great memory of our first time at Lucky Strike! It definitely won't be our last. Can't wait to have a kid party or adults night out here.The staff was really helpful and the waitress was always coming back to our lane to check on us. Places like Lucky Strike remind me why I'm happy to be a Phoenician!
2	I have been to Lucky Strikes a couple times, it is located on the second floor of Cityscape in downtown Phoenix area.  Unfortunately, last time I came with a serious beast-like hunger and I had every intention  of shamelessly stuffing my face with lots of delicious bar food as soon as I sat down. I  ordered the nachos and the mini bacon cheese burgers. Lets just say both dishes were mundane and anticlimactic at best. The nachos left me extremely unsatisfied and wanting to run to Filberto's on my way home! On a more positive note, the place looks very cool, modern trendy and pretty large.  It does seem good for parties and bigger groups. If bowling is your thing, I'd say this place is worth checking out but don't come for the food. just saying.
3	I've gone a few times for lunch, happy hour & birthday gatherings...fun atmosphere and great place to gather, but I've been to better places to for food. They usually have decent live bands on the weekends and serves as a great place to launch your weekend. A fun place to kick back & relax with some room to get a lil dance on, but not a total dance floor availabe. Go in, get your drink on & kick back to some music and enjoy!
5	I had so much fun!! I love this place! I went for lunch bowl and spent $10.00 I bought chicken wings they were so yummy and got a free game of bowling and shoes. It was a steal!! dining and playing :) The atmosphere was great and I would definitely come back at night drink, eat, bowl and play in the arcade. They also validate parking for two hours! A nice little gem in downtown phx, somewhere I would hang out at before I had to get on a flight since its near the airport.
4	Get the green tacos!  Atmosphere is great!  I don't think ill ever bowl at an amc again!  Spoiled!
5	Loved lucky strick! Great bartenders, drinks, and the Brie cheese and apple quesadilla was the best I have ever had! Definitely go!
5	We went for a work party and I was expecting a mundane half hearted attempt to work up some smiles while downing a couple of beers and trying to make conversation, however it was swanky cool in this place, decent music selection, and kinda like cosmic bowling meets ultra lounge meets dave and busters (if that even makes sense). It was not easy to find and parking was a bit of a hassle as most downtown parking is, but they lost a star for location and accessibility. The staff was extremely friendly and they had a huge notch above what you would consider "bowling alley fare". Im currently still on my vegetarian kick so I did the green chili tacos and they were really good. I went for a work party, but I will be back on a date. Check it out for date night for sure.
5	Where oh where are you Lucky Strike? This is a very difficult place to find from the get go, so if you are on your way make sure you KNOW where you are going before you get there. I am giving these guys 5 stars because I love to bowl and this place takes bowling to another level it is does not make me want to finish the phrase bowling with "alley"...Maybe bowling "avenue" :). A group of my friends went to the New Times 'Brews for Benefits" and decided to stay for bowling. Think ultra lounge with the option to bowl. We shared some belgium fries and sliders and it definitely wasn't typical bowling alley fare. The service was great and the manager even came by and gave us all free game cards. If you are looking for a really good way to spend a Friday night these guys do a great job. One note on the location--It is in the Southwest corner on the second floor on the corner of Jefferson and 1st Avenue.
4	We went to watch an MMA fight and it was great, the food was good, the service was good and the atmosphere was great.  We would have bowled but all the lanes were booked, which is a good sign.I really like this place and can't wait to go back
5	Excellent and prompt service.  Cool place.  It's a bar, glow in the dark bowling, and the waitresses are cool too.
5	Did you know... Lucky Strike has a weekday special where you can bowl a free game with your lunch purchase.  What a cool way to spend an office day lunch hour.  The service and food were excellent as well.  I did not expect the food to be good, but they proved me wrong.  We split coconut shrimp appy and I had the turkey club sandwich.  It was perfection and included homemade potato chips.  The iced tea was nice and fresh as well.  The atmosphere was fun, clean, and very posh as well.  Can't wait to go back.
4	I have never been to a bowling alley before that has such a fun atmosphere. I am not even sure I would categorize it as just a boiling alley its really more of an upscale Dave and Busters that has bowling. The lanes are set up nicely with couches to get a relaxed feel the food was much better than a regular bowling alley the waitresses wear cute little outfits and if you don't want bowl they had an arcade, pool tables, and what looked like to be a dance floor at night... If you go during off hours the prices aren't too bad they have a special during the week that if you buy an entree you get free shoe rental and a free game of bowling then after that each game was $4 I believe. great place to do a team outing with your company or just get together with a group of friends.
5	It's been over 2 years since I was in Lucky Strike Phoenix... it impressed me then and it impressed me last night. We booked 2 lanes for a 30th birthday party. We had a great time... the service when checking in, our food/drinks, the lane server... were all super friendly, GREAT and made for an awesome night for us.  They also expanded since I was there so the added bars and game room were a big plus for our 10person group. Had a great time and would recommend going to anyone who wants to do something fun in phoenix that goes way beyond just a bar. Will be back again!
5	I had an opportunity to go back and bowl.  We were able to bowl three games, sampled more delicious food, and played in the arcade.  Everyone had a great time and our games are improving.  The staff were all welcoming and excellent.  Thanks again Lucky Strike!
3	I refuse to think of myself as a crappy bowler, in-fact, according to my Wii I'm one of the best that's ever shoved two fingers and a thumb into a ball...I will instead believe that their bowling lanes are imbalanced. I know it had nothing to do with my "let's try one of everything on the drink menu" flight. I was tilted, sure, but I blame gravity. The flatbread appetizer was scrumptious, just as the server said it would be. The tempura vegetables were pretty good too, although I ended up peeling off the breading and just eating the veggies...great flavor! After playing a few games, we decided we just wanted to sit  (besides, the bowling was getting kinda pricey and we're really trying to give this "frugal" thing a whirl (yeah, we suck at it, but it can only get better right?), watch some sports and have a few more tasty beverages...this is where the stars got taken away.The bar area was HELLA UNFRIENDLY! I couldn't even believe how pissy the clientele were, and the bartender was nowhere to be seen (probably scared off by those mean-mugging brutes hogging the good seats in front of the game)...no biggy, there are other bars with TVs out there. We'll *probably* go back to bowl at some point, but aren't in a big hurry to do so.
5	My first two experiences with Lucky Strike/Gypsy were less than stellar (see my review of Gypsy Bar in 2012). In fact, my first two experiences were so bad that I vowed never to return. Then I was contacted by the new manager of Lucky Strike/Gypsy informing me that the bar I despised was now under new management, had a new chef, a new menu, and a new staff with a new attitude. I was intrigued. My mind is not often changed once it's set, but in this case - the new management team behind Lucky Strike and Gypsy Bar have completely turned this place around. The drinks and food continue to be a bit pricey for a "bar," but they still offer great lunch and happy hour specials, and now there's a HUGE difference - the food actually tastes great and the service is amazing. For three hours tonight my friends and I bowled, ate, and drank to our heart's content. We started out with the homemade Belgian fries with chimichurri aioli and the short rib tacos. The fries were delish, and the tacos were decent - I liked the short rib meat and sauce on the taco, but the shells were a little stale. I suggest that in the future they should serve the tacos in soft corn tortillas and replace the blah lettuce with some sugar cured cabbage (a la Fuego Tacos) because the shell and rabbit food just detracted from the great texture and flavor of the filling and sauce. We also ordered the buffalo chicken flatbread, the chicken quesadilla, and blue chips off of the $4 happy hour menu. I didn't try any of those, but from the way the chips and quesadillas disappeared, I assume they were fine. The flatbreads didn't really win anyone over, but two out of three ain't bad. We also ordered the grilled steak sandwich and the crispy bread pudding bites. The steak was a fatty cut and the juices soaked the bottom piece of grilled artisan bread, but it was seasoned PERFECTLY and the bread managed to hold together. I actually love steak juices and found the bottom piece of bread to be a soppy piece of heaven - much like when I find myself eating a really good French dip with grilled crusty bread and a perfect au jus. The crispy bread pudding bites came with a creme anglaise and were vaguely reminiscent of a simpler time in Jack in the Box's history when they served delicious deep friend french toast sticks on their 24 hour breakfast menu. In layman's terms, the tiny squares of deep fried bread pudding were extremely addictive and hit the spot.  Overall, I was pretty impressed with the revamped menu. The tacos and sandwiches were about $14 each and some of the premium cocktails were about $13 each - once again on the high end - but they were all tasty and I really did enjoy myself with their clean facility, multitude of games available, and spazzy bowling alley. I would give Lucky Strike/Gypsy bar a solid 4 stars for the reimagined bar food menu and ability to entertain people of all ages. However, it was the service that shot this place over the moon for me. The bartenders, management, and servers were AMAZING and I have no problem recommending this place for anyone looking to have a great time with good food, good friends, and really good service.
5	Sat night Birthday celebration! Great lanes, very clean and service to 20 people was excellent! Highly recommend for a different bowling experience. Eric aka Superman provided great beverage & food service.
3	James is the sh*t! He's a funny guy, he ran our food and kept conversation with us :). My complaint is: the draft beer is watered down and I ordered a red bull vodka, uhh where's the alcohol ?? The cheeseburger minis and nachos were great!!! Just be careful of alcohol :/
4	I went to this place for free with an event. It is the coolest bowling alley I've ever been to. The drink that I had (deception) was alright, not good enough for its price(10$). The lanes have really cute graphics that change so you don't see that same thing over and over each time you make or don't make a strike. Every person who bowls gets a graphic popping up which is nice. The food is typical bar far and decent. Again nothing amazing but it fits the bill. There are a ton of people there and you can play pool. It feels like a bar that is also a bowling alley. The girl at the front has an accent and it was somewhat hard to understand her. I would go here again and pay this time!
2	I've been here twice. The first time was great. The last time was absolutely horrible. We bowled six games and not once did anyone come to our table and ask us if we wanted to order anything. They went to the tables to the left and right of us. Even to the table behind us, but not to us. Well probably never go back. That was the worst service ever. The main bar was nice. The bartender was great in there. Just really sucked that my husband had to run back and forth to the bar every time we needed drinks. It completely changed how I felt about this place.
1	Totally unimpressed. Way to expressive and was rushed off our lane 10 mins before we even finished. I was with a group of girls and we opened a tab on my card and the server encouraged them to just bill my card
5	Went to Lucky Strike again and was very happy with my visit.  The staff, especially Johnny, was amazing. Will be back.  My last visit was rough but I have changed my mind and will recommend to my friends. Thank you Lucky Strike for an awesome time!!
2	If you are looking for a place that would meet the needs of different people in a large group setting, this is a great place. They provide expensive bowling with cool tv screens, a dance floor, mini arcade and pool. My first time here was a few months ago when I was invited to a birthday party in the VIP area of the bowling alley. The service we received was horrible. My friend who had spent the money for her husband's birthday was very upset and mentioned a few times that it was a complete waste of her money. In fact, we didn't receive any kind of service - while our waitress was somewhere else, the guys ended up going to the bar and getting all their drinks that way. I think this place has a cool concept and I wouldn't rule it out completely but I definitely think they should teach their employees the basics of customer service.
4	What a sexy place to go bowling. Fam frm the bay are visiting thought we would take em here, glad we did! They had a great time, service was great and the music was not bad and wasn't too loud... Food was good and so were the drinks but a little on the expensive side but what do I expect from a nice place like this. Totally worth it! And got to even dance to a few songs! :) will definitely be back, maybe next time for date night!
4	Great place to bowl and have fun with friends.  I love the jukebox on your phone idea, just wish there were more songs available to play.  Though that's not Lucky Strikes fault.  Anyway, we went there for the first time and there was an unmanned counter where you rent your shoes.  The manager hurried over and apologized for our 30 second wait and comped our shoes.  I didn't been notice we had to wait, but I felt like that's awesome customer service. Overall, great place and I will be going back.
4	Went here for a Bday party. First time. Great setup and decent food. Although traffic flow at the pool tables needs work. DJ is a nice touch. Grace was our lane server and was very attentive to our group of about 20. She provided excellent service with smile!
3	Decent way to pass some time with family. In cityscape across from us airways stadium. Not much else to do there during the middle of the day though, also shoe rental is expensive so bring your own if you have them.
4	I can't imagine how much fun this place trends late at night.
5	this place is so much fun!!!!!!!! we went here as part of my birthday celebration month. we had a mix up with our reservations which was a huge bummer but Rudy took such great care of us. he was super apologetic, bought all 12 of us a round of drinks while we decided what we wanted to do, gave us all free passes to the game room and comped our two lanes when they finally opened up. we almost left when we found out about the mix up but i am so glad we stayed. it was my first time there and because of the delay we got to enjoy the whole lucky strike experience. we got the games, the dance floor, the food, the drinking and the bowling in. i usually don't like bowling but this was such a blast. the service was great throughout the whole place. once we wrapped up our game we headed to copper blues. it was so nice having lots of fun things to do in one small area. highly recommend for parties and thumbs up to the amazing staff.
5	WOW! We wanted a fun rehearsal dinner with class and Lucky Strike beyond delivered. The staff was amazing Nicole, Rudy,  & Dallas made us feel like VIP's even though there was a big corporate event that rented the entire other half of the building. The wait staff was amazing at bringing out the food at just the right time. The food was delicious. Mac-n-cheese bites are a must have. Flatbread pizzas were a family favorite. I only wish parking validation was longer then 2 hours. The best "Hipster" playground in PHX!
4	Super swanky and lots of fun with great happy hour and just ok service, but spendy.  The place is absolutely beautiful!  It's the loveliest bowling alley I've ever seen - basically a plush lounge with lanes.  I've been here many times with different people and it's always fun.  Our most recent visit was on a weekday afternoon, and the prices are much lower (I can't remember exactly how much, and the website doesn't seem to have this info).  After several rounds of bowling, we paid $9/hour for the pool table, which isn't bad if you play fast - and it is pro-rated so you only py for the time you use.This also seems to be a popular venue for large groups and special occasions.  We've even been to a birthday party where we just got drinks at the bar and didn't bowl.So why not 5 stars?  It's pretty expensive for what is ultimately still bowling, and the service isn't great (they seem to attract a high percentage of  "I'm doing you a huge favor by dealing with you at all" staff).My advice?  Go on a weekday and catch Happy Hour - on weekends, the prices are more than it's worth, in my opinion.
3	Place is cool and they play great music ... We went here after a comedy show at stand up live because they are right next to each other. The only thing that sucks about this place is the service. The staff had no sense of urgency and are not personable... Great venue tho ... With better service this place could be a go to for a lot of events
1	If you advertise an industry night and I call about said night please inform us that there is a private party before 10 of us walk up expecting to bowl. When we call to make a reservation just tell us you are closed for the night before we all plan on being there.
4	Our group rented the entire place. Staff was very attentive. Great atmosphere.  Food was not great. Overall good time for all
1	So showed up here on a Saturday night, wearing a t-shirt and basketball shorts ready to bowl. Well to say the least I was denied entry due to my attire. When I asked to speak to a Manager they sent the Assistant Manager Rudy, who when I met him explained I was just here to bowl, I was not interested in going into Gypsy Bar. He said that it was "an UPSCALE bowling alley" and my attire was not acceptable. I could understand the dress code if I was some punk kid off the street. But I am 38 and I was with two friends who are also my age. When I explained to him that as a manager he should be able to make a managerial decision and let me slide. Being that I have worked in the industry for the last 20 years being a manager and a VIP host at some real UPSCALE venues...Cajun House of Blues, Cat Eye Lounge, and the GM of Jackrabbit Lounge in Scottsdale for 3 years, and am currently the Director of Operations at another Phoenix venue. He still declined. To say the least, he obviously has no concept of customer service, or how to make a decision that would probably be more beneficial to his business. We ended up going to Let it Roll Bowl. No dress code, no problems, and made the best of it. I will never go to this business again and per this review, suggest you don't either.
4	I think the lanes must be sloped; balls kept veering away from the head pin. Just kidding. I say that because my bowling score looked like what I wished my golf score could be.  This is a fun place,  great music and not too loud.  Delicious cocktails but beware: the good stuff is not on the happy hour menu. Terrific staff,  nice munchies for 4 bucks.  As for the bowling, remember that it's better to be lucky than good.
2	This place has a lot of potential, but it seems with every visit it brings up major issues. I'm giving the first star for comfortable layout. Second star is for good music not being overly loud, so great place to kick it and have a conversation. Cons: Incredibly slow service and rude employees!
5	I have always heard great things about Lucky Strike and finally got my chance to go this past Saturday. As soon as I got there I knew it was going to be a good time, it is really well kept, blasting AC, loud (but not too loud music), and huge T.V.s. The bowling lanes were very nice with big couches to sit on and large table areas. Our server was great and didn't make a big deal about splitting our checks. He was very knowledgable about the menu and quick. We went during happy hour so we got a bunch of appetizers to share including the mac and cheese bites (everyone's favorite), fries, and two flatbread pizzas (also very yummy). The appetizers were around $4 each, beer $3 and cocktails $4, we paid $4 for shoes and $4 per person for each game. It was pretty cheap for something to do to get out of the house for a few hours, especially in this heat. Overall I loved it and will be returning for some bowling and mac n cheese bites very soon.
4	Very clean bowling alley that accommodates people ranging from families with small children to those looking to drink and have a good time. The only downfall is downtown parking but don't go to a downtown spot if paid parking is an issue for you!
3	Pretty good service.  Bowling could've been better as far as lane condition and ball selection.  But had a great time overall.
4	We went to an event here and were lucky to be in the VIP area for the evening.  It was lots of fun, good food and bowling here!   The margaritas were fabulous and reasonably priced (as to be expected downtown).  Servers and bartenders were friendly and helpful.  Awesome ambiance here, great place for parties, events, big groups, etc!    Close to some other great spots downtown for a fun night out too - swing by Copper Blues next door or catch the late Stand Up Live comedy show - makes for a fun night in downtown PHX!
5	Just had a party here at Lucky Strike and did a pre-pay package. It was awesome. Great atmosphere, fun music, the lanes in bowling were awesome and the service was the cherry on top. They were very nice and were right on it with bringing drinks! New favorite bowling alley/bar!!
4	I've bowled here twice and have really enjoyed the experience.  Lucky Strike has definitely take an old kind of grungy tradition and given it new life.  As many have mentioned, the environment is very much a lounge feel.  It's fun and feels much cooler than any other lanes I've visited.  I've seen others mention the on screen sports and I would definitely add my vote to playing music videos, or something akin to that, instead.  It's not a sports bar, right?They do have a great selection of happy hour snacks and sips.  I don't generally try to go out exclusively in the evening, so if you don't mind going out earlier for happy hour, it's definitely worth it.  Lots of tasty snacks and cheap drinks.  The fried macaroni bites were quite good, as is the flat bread pizza.Now, when we went, as it was early, I guess there were kids around, and they wouldn't post our "creative" bowling names (Sticky Rice Ballz, Fire Crotch, etc.).  So, for better or worse, it's a family conscious environment.  Service on the whole was pretty good, though it seemed our waitress was sometimes absentee, and they weren't very busy.  Overall, I'd go back with friends.
3	Service was very slow. I had to ask several times and the staff was just standing around. All in all fun place for the kids
5	This place rocks.  I love the bowling alley setting with the pool tables and two bars up front.  The connection to the Gypsy bar is fab.  The arcade is a great touch.  And the service is pretty fantastic.  The attitude of their employees is very personable which I like.  I hate going to a bar where the people just put your drink down and don't ever say a word.  I can sit at home and have a better conversation with my dog.  No seriously, my dog speaks on command.  Sounds something like rooo-ooohhh-oooo. And she changes it up, too.  It's much more entertaining than most places around town.  Lucky strike is definitely a great find.
