3	My first week in Charlotte I was lucky enough to be treated to sushi by some coworkers. They wanted to sit in the bar, as you can see they have their priorities straight, so we ordered dinner there too. This place just opened and I think it has some real potential but the service was awful. Not awful because they didn't care but awful because everyone was brand new and I don't think any of them had ever been in food service before in their lives. Now aside from that....we ordered as a group and decided on a HUGE platter of sashimi and another large platter of rolls. We had a veggie in the group so we had to get some vegetarian rolls. The sashimi was awesome. Ginormous pieces and very good quality. The only thing I was disappointed in was the fat belly tuna, it was very tough and must have been white tuna and not blue fin. Aside from that the sashimi was top notch. The rolls were like a 4 on a scale of 5. Not huge and not a ton of fish but also not overdone which i appreciate. The vegetarian rolls were awful. Like we didn't finish them and instead ordered more food. But, A- to the sashimi, once they get the right kind of fat belly tuna it will be an A+
3	Decent place in a really popular area (Epicentre)... bar was extremely crowded on Friday and Saturday night, food was decent, atmosphere is great (but so is every other place in Epicentre I think)Their regular menu is fairly extensive, and they also have a sushi menu that is available till very late at nightIf you don't already have a better sushi place to go to in Charlotte, Enso should be just fine.
4	I'm not a big sushi fan so this review is coming from the perspective of a sushi rookie. The layout and feel of the place is modern and clean. The lettuce wraps came out quick and where darn good. My wife ordered the sushi, it was the best I've had in my brief sushi career. The spicy sauce they put on top lite me up so if you don't want to sweat because of the kick from the spicy sauce get it on the side. The prices were reasonable and the meal quick. If we are in the Epicenter we'll be back.
5	I have now eaten at Enso about half a dozen times and it has always been great. Service has been good, even with 2 large groups (8+).The rolls are always fresh. I am a HUGE fan of the crunch crab and 007. Even the spicy salmon is great. I have only had miso soup, edamame and the seaweed salad as appetizers but they have always been good. I love this place and it completely beats out a lot of the other highly hyped sushi restaurants in Charlotte.
4	The atmosphere is my favorite in Charlotte as far as sushi restaurants go. I love the decor. The women's bathroom feels like a funhouse though with mirrors everywhere. The lounge/bar is very cool. The location is great being at Epicentre. I've been to Enso twice for lunch. It's great for lunch meetings because it's not too crowded or loud and has large enough tables (unlike Room 112, which I love for non-working lunches).  Their ginger salad is HUGE, unlike most places. Great edamame. I really enjoyed the 007 Roll, and the Ninja Roll. Crunchy Crab Roll was also very good. I don't recommend the Tiger Eye Roll. I've also been to the lounge "late night" (after 10pm). I liked it alot. Had some sushi and a few drinks. Decent crowd. Wouldn't be my first thought, but ended up being a great spot post-Bobcat game.
3	Pretty good. Scratch that, the sushi's legit and the atmospheres nice.Pretty expensive. Scratch that... it is *really* expensive. I'm going to KO next time.Note: if you're going to come here, get the Fire Roll.
4	I love love love sushi!  Being from the DC area I thought I would be missing really good sushi moving to the Charlotte area.  But so far, Charlotte sushi has been surprisingly amazing!  Enso has a really nice feel to it.  It has a very DC/NYC feel to it.  I had the Wagyu Carpachio appetizer...best thing I've ever tasted!!!  Me and my friend wanted to lick the plate!  Since I'm not really a rare meat kinda person, I've never had anything like that before...and it won't be my last!   Then I had the special roll that night - LOVE the name = Deadliest Catch.  It had lobster salad inside and tuna tar tar that was flame seared (or something like that)on top and my friend had the fire roll.  The hubby had the Maryland roll.   All were to die for.I was very impressed by the sushi.  It was expensive but totally worth it.  Service was not good though.  It took 4 HOURS!  It was a Saturday night, but it was definitely not packed at all.  I saw 2 sushi chefs leaning on the back counter with their arms crossed like they were bored with nothing to do...hmm why did it take so long if you were bored guys???  The waiter was very awkward.  I think if you are going to open an upscale restaurant, you need to have the wait staff to live up to the atmosphere and prices.I will definitely be back...yummy!
4	A really good sushi addition to Uptown. Let's be honest, yes - Enso is expensive, but really, you would be a little concerned if it wasn't expensive. The fish is really fresh and their hot items are also very good. The Rock Shrimp is delicious, even if it's ridiculously unhealthy. The yellowtail hamachi and maki rolls are very, very good. Be sure to check out their special house rolls, too. My only gripe is that almost every roll was "oversauced". As for the interior - it's laid out nicely with a very large circular bar in the back. Delicious cocktails.
3	Really good food for Charlotte, but sushi is way over-priced.  Had an atrocious time trying to get my bill right and getting out of there.  Halibut for $26 was spot on and I highly recommend the complexity of the Maryland roll.  4.5 stars on food, 2 stars on service, beer selection, and the difficulty of getting in and out of the epicenter.
3	good sushi.. not the best I've had, but good.  Its a tad bit overpriced.  sleek modern zen atmosphere.  good date spot.  If your date likes cold dead fish that is
4	Not to get defensive on the DC reviewer, but why wouldn't Charlotte have good sushi? There is plenty... and ENSO's got it too.I'm not a fan of hodge-podge EpiCentre in some ways... just takes away the authentic feel of the businesses and character most cities have... BUT Enso is good stuff. Fresh sushi, prepared and presented well. Swanky atmosphere and great cocktails. Get the fried cheescake for dessert. It's a great finish to a great meal. Well done Enso.
5	Super Chic spot with amazing service and excellent food! I decided to try this place out during my most recent stay in Charlotte and I was very happy I did. My server Ryan was amazing! He gave great sushi recommendations and I was amazed by how knowledgeable he was. I took his recommendation and tried the surf & turf maki. It blew me away! It is an absolute must try, the roll combines strips of waygu beef, crab meat and shrimp tempura. I am from Chicago and I have had the waygu maki at Roy's which was rivaled by this one at Enso. If you are in the area Enso is a definite must try!
2	The food was okay, but my coworker and I were there for lunch during the work week and it took alomst two hours start to finish which made us have to work late... grrrr!  It wasn't very busy for lunchtime either - this is probably why
3	First I have to say I hate sushi.  I am not one of those people that say that and have never tried it - I have tried tons of it at many different places around the US and decided last year, damn I would just rather have a burger somewhere.  HOWEVER, last night in a quick drunken negotiation with my friend ('Please can we go to Enso??  I'll buy you dinner!!!')  So we ate at the raw bar and she got the Yum Yum roll and I got the lobster tempura roll.  Anything fried has to have some value - yes?  So I do admit when I am wrong - both rolls were fantastic and filling.  Hers - I have no clue what was really in it but there was a sweet taste like roasted red pepper?  I have never had a roll like that before.  Mine was fantastic and not complicated and the ginger was fresh and beautiful.  I think my roll was around $12 or $13 dollars so it was a bit pricey.  Great service and hilarious chefs behind the counter who were sparring with each other in a brotherly way.  And yes I WOULD return even if I had to pay for my own dinner next time!!
3	My boy-something and I met some friends here for a late supper and drinks. The server was attentive at first, but after requesting additional time to review the menu, he turned a complete tease.For about twenty minutes, he passed us and checked in at other tables. When we were able to FLAG him down to order, the drinks took  longer than I would have liked. At this point, we had been sitting at the table for over thirty five minutes.  After finally having been serviced, our server sort of rushed us through the meal. TWO STARS for service plus one for food. Sushi is overpriced in my opinion, but the specialty rolls are fun and tasty. I enjoyed the lighting and ambiance was nice though their "decorative" statues are inauthentic and tacky in my opinion; and there was a stuffiness to the place that was quite palpable. I couldnt tell you what is was exactly- requires further investigation.I certainly wont be coming here for late nights (because of the stuffiness and poor service), but I think they have a very reasonable HAPPY HOUR.
3	My first visit, the food was amazing, the second visit not so memorable. I will definitely give it another go as the portions are good, but the wait staff can be slow.
4	i was in Charlotte for business recently and stayed at aloft in the EpiCentre (http://www.yelp.com/biz/aloft-charlotte-uptown-at-the-epicentre-charlotte#hrid:gs3_Zz-Y0PmRgZwrvBAbqw) - my friends came out to see me and play at Whiskey River (http://www.yelp.com/biz/whisky-river-charlotte#hrid:IKltU6lbVk-uzFqvczHJVQ)  but I needed to grab a quick bite first and was in the mood for sushi. So a friend of mine and I hit Enso, which is located in the EpiCentre as well - it is very clubby - sort of a Geisha house feel to it with more reds and dark woods..  the sushi bar was pretty long and we got a couple of seats near the end - the chefs acknowledged us with a HEY, which is a must for a real sushi chef..  and we placed our drink orders. Carmen had a Mojito variation and I had a Cherry Blosom, they were both delicious. I could say that the service could have been better, but over all the spicy yellow tail, fire roll and paris roll were quite good. I can't say I would SEEK this place out, but if you are already in the EpiCentre for some reason and want sushi, you can hit it.I would say that if you are just in Charlotte looking for sushi - I love UpStream (for the best), Yama (for middle of the road) and Sushi 101 (for cheaper sushi)
2	First off, the menu pricing isn't true. The prices on the menu "is like, kinda old... so it's like, not updated" based on information from our server. For those prices that do apply, the portions you get are ridiculously small. The glasses of wine are really 1/2 glasses of wine, and the 8 rolls of sushi you get probably equal 4 rolls anywhere else. The up-charges for substitutions are also ridiculous. Service was below average as well. I went and had an OK time, but would never go back. Maybe if the owners didn't waste money on $200,000 worth of "Asian art," they could afford to be reasonably priced. Go to Room 112 down the street for better sushi anyway, regardless of price.
1	I think the only reason that people come to this place is location and decor. If you want to feel like a cool little downtowner that pays high end prices for less than mediocre food then Enso is your spot. I love Japanese food and I love sushi. I've worked at a legitimate sushi place and my parents have even owned a place. So i know good Japanese food and fresh sushi. Enso doesn't have any of this. Their food is terrible, I'm sorry to say it. Such a shame for such a pretty place. Prices are jacked up because they need to be able to pay rent, but the sushi is crafted terribly. I could get better for a much cheaper price. Want good sushi? Go to New Zealand Cafe. It is in an unexpected spot, but at least you're getting amazing sushi at a good price.
4	Battled the McCartney crowd last night for a little sushi at Enso. I can say this place has grown on me and I now go here more than Nikko (which I also love). Great vibe, good music (not too loud) and Highlife in a bottle for $2.50. Sushi is fresh and you gotta start with the rock shrimp. Always go with the YUM, YUM roll ($14), with the sauce on the side or else it's too soaked in sauce. Rolls are a little on the pricey side, especially their special rolls of the night so make sure you ask the price because $20 is not uncommon. Nigri is reasonable and the normal maki rolls are in line with other good sushi joints. Sake in the glass has a nice flavor too, and a few choices less than $10.Tip - try to sit in the bar/lounge area. Better experience for me, plus it's a shorter walk to the bar/couches after dinner for more, um "champagne"...
4	I had lunch here for the second time and this place knows how to prepare sushi, ok?  I mean wow, I had the crunchy crab roll on both visits and it was simply wonderful, however $13 is way more than I would like to pay.  I also tried the jumbo lump crab spring rolls with Thai chili.....I wish I could put into words how incredibly delish they were, but again, be prepared to drop $13 for those as well.  One day I will brave trying one of their entree offerings but since the reviews on them are not favorable, it won't be anytime soon....oh did I mention how good their poundcake martini is?  Happy hour is 4-7 during the week....
5	The Spicy Basil Noodles with chicken was delish!
3	First, I don't eat sushi but I loved the earlier comment by Nicole W "Let's be honest, yes - Enso is expensive, but really, you would be a little concerned if it wasn't expensive. The fish is really fresh and their hot items are also very good."This just about sums it up.  Unfortunately, this also applies to drinks.  Everything was really fresh, well presented and perfectly cooked.  Met here with 9 other ladies on a Wednesday night.  There was also a larger party that night and a pretty full house but the service was not noticeably slower.  The waiter was nice, and communicated the status of the delayed plates. There was an automatic 18% gratuity on our party but I would have tipped that anyway.  Just a note, there are 2 entrances.  One you walk in to the bar and you need to walk through the restaurant to get to the hostess station.  It's a little confusing at first if you walk into the back side of the bar unless of course that is where you are headed!
4	Get those fists ready and prepare to pump. The music's popping, and you just can't help to either pump them fists or bob your head. The fish is fresh and I normally don't like special rolls, but Enso makes them right. The 007, Fire Roll and even the blue fin tuna maki were straight up delicious. Unfortunately though, I can't say the same about the service. Depending on your server or bartender, you might end up with a dud. For a restaurant of this caliber (based on pricing), you expect just a tad more attention and care. While some places fail with food, but have epic ambiance and decor, Enso is one of the few that wins in both areas. If prices were more reasonable, five stars would be knocking on the door and it would be more than just a special occasion spot. If you're familiar with the vibe at Nikko and the whole club atmosphere, you will very likely be impressed with Enso. Think of Enso as Nikko on steroids, Jersey Shore style. This is the Tao of the Queen City and quite frankly a worthy competitor to any uber hip restaurant in any city. Pricey yes, but overall another great addition to the Uptown scene.
5	Yelpers forgive me for beating you over the head with Enso reviews, but every time I come here I just fall in love with the food!  I won't get detailed but here are some must try entree's:  Sweet basil noodles, Mongolian beef, seafood fried rice(lobster, scallops, and shrimp), crab rolls......nuff said.
3	Went here with a group of co-workers during a recent business trip.  I did not have any sushi so i cannot comment on that.  The rest of the food was pretty good though.  I went relatively early and only had a couple drinks and dinner.  The place is upscale and elegant but i didnt find it snooty.  We shared a couple of the appetizers (chicken lettuce rolls were good!)  Everyone was pleased with their entrees .... all in all i would definitely go here again.
4	Overall, I enjoyed my experience dining at Enso.  The service was very good, I ended up changing my reservation 3 times (i know - something came up) that day over the phone and they were more than happy to accomodate me.I was a big fan of the ambiance. The lighting was dim and the atmosphere was cool.  It is one of those places where you can go dressed up or casual and either way you do not feel out of place.The service while we ate was very good. Our waiter even went in the back and made a version of little kid chopsticks for me and my friend out of rubberbands and chopsticks when someone at our table asked if they had any.  The sushi was good, wasn't the freshiest sushi I ever had. However, I did go during restaraunt week and I did order off the restaraunt week menu so who knows if that had anything to do with it or not.  I definetly would be up for trying this place again.  Also, you are right at the epicenter so its great place to start your evening if you plan on dining out before going to the bars.
3	I have a feeling this place could go either way for a lot of people.  It has a great location, lots of shops nearby as well as a bowling alley and a movie theater so a great date destination.  I ordered the 007 roll, as all to often these days, it had very little fish and a lot of fillers and mayo.  I would not get it again.  I also ordered the salmon sashimi, the pieces were VERY small.   It was unfortunate.  The reason this place recieved 3 stars is because the sushi chefs were fun to talk to.  They also gave me a slice of their sushi pizza app. with blue fin crab.  TO DIE FOR!  I was disappointed that I could not redo my visit since I had already eaten what I ordered.  Next time I would ask the chefs or the wait staff for recommendations since they try all the specials before hand.
1	I would like to give them no stars but can't. I went here on Friday night with my sister as we were both craving sushi and this place looked hip and cool and trendy and all that fun stuff. Was artfully decorated, trendy etc blah blah blah. We went in what we thought was the main door but were directed by a very friendly waiter (the only real friendly employee we encountered) to the host stand. We were advised there that it would be about 10 to 15 minute wait. They took our last name and number. So we went to the bar and waited. We each got a drink, talked, and waited. After a half hour or so of waiting we went back to the host stand and asked how much longer it would be to be seated. The hostess was like " At the bar to eat? " And we said no we had put in our name for a table about 35 ish minutes ago. She was like oh ok let me check. Then "oh another 10 minutes" and after 15 minutes we left. Won't ever go back.
5	This place is great. From the interior design which features a modern day geisha style theme to the fresh sushi and daily specials. They frequently have a DJ that adds to the nightlife feel of this restaurant. Perfect for a quick bite during lunch or a night out with a big group. This restaurant can accommodate it all.  They have quickly become the new hot spot for sushi in the Charlotte area. Their ever evolving specials always boasts something new for the sushi lover, offering a variety of different rolls that other sushi places cannot. There is always something new and delicious to try. Check it out, you will not be disappointed.
1	What a disappointment...the most over-priced, terrible dining experience I've had in Charlotte. Took 15 minutes to have drink orders taken. After that, the poor performance continued. The calamari was way over-salted!!! Awful. The sushi was sub-par at best. The fish was pretty fresh, but the rolls were simplistic and lacked flavor. Considering the specialty rolls range from 10-22 dollars, I expected a lot more. Ru San's is a much better choice if you are looking for sushi. The only good thing about the meal was that our waiter had the calamari removed from the bill because he agreed that it was way too salty as he had seen the chef season it. Even with that off the bill, way over-priced! Save yourself the time and do not dine here. The staff and customers at Enso are too worried about being hip to provide a decent experience.
4	I ate at the bar but the service was great, the employees were friendly and efficient. The decor is what you would expect from a free-standing restaurant but this a suite to the larger shopping complex. The food was tasty and reasonably priced. I love that House / Dance music. :)
3	enso is good but not as good as sushi at the lake, cowfish, eez and some other places. there sushi portions are extremely small and not as fresh as the other places. i have gone there a few times scattered since they have opened and they have been consistantly mediocre all the time. never great but never bad. i have never had a problem with the service it has always been great and of coarse they did a great job designing the place. it is also very convenient being at the epicentre.
1	Sushi rolls are ok, but not worth $18 to $22 per roll!  Unless you have the need to be "seen' save your moola.
4	I love this place. Its definitely the best sushi i had in Charlotte and the service is fantastic. Yes, the rolls might be a bit over priced BUT the place is beautiful and in a great location.
4	Oh, how I love a good Asian restaurant. And Enso falls in this category for me. It has trendy decor, and being in the Epicenter makes it very convenient for either a weekday lunch or a weekend dinner before a movie. It is a bit on the pricey side, but not out of the ordinary for that area or for good sushi (honestly - do you want to chance eating cheap sushi?). I've had quite a few items on the menu, including a few sushi rolls (try the spicy tuna or spicy crab maki rolls), the ginger salad (dressing is phenomenal), the calamari, and the ginger chicken. I try to get a new type of sushi roll every time I go in and have never been disappointed. On my last visit we tried the Kahlua chocolate cake and it was totally worth the calories. Budget friendly tip: check out the Monday-Friday happy hour specials in the bar from 4-7pm for $5 maki rolls as well as great drink specials on specialty martinis. If you get there right at 5pm you shouldn't have a problem getting a seat and can get a relatively cheap dinner/drinks before going to a movie (or heading home) during the week. Plenty of parking (for a price) in the Epicenter garage and great people watching in-and-outside of the restaurant.
3	Swank to the y! I had high hopes for Enso and was really looking forward to it but it turned out to be just a step above meh. Don't get me wrong, the sushi was great and I love that they offer lunch specials but 15 bones for soup and sushi....and not all you can eat sushi? Um, negatron.  Yeah, the sushi was fresh, tasty and great quality but I just don't have that kind of money to throw around on lunch.The decor is stunning though and I can see this being a marvelous place to kick back with a martini or glass of wine after work or on the weekend. When you walk in, you feel like you're walking into a classy establishment in another city....not at the Epicentre. Dark, dimly lit with modern fixtures plus they have a plush looking bar area complete with comfy chairs--I definitely wasn't expecting that. I actually enjoyed the atmosphere more that anything.  If lunch was $15, I definitely don't want to see what the dinner menu prices are like. Until I get a raise or a sugar daddy, I will be stopping by Enso just for drinks.
3	How do I sum up? Style over substance. The restaurant is beautiful with a chic bar, great decor, high ceilings and gorgeous bathrooms. Te people are pretty and the ambiance is urban decadence. My husband thought the dining tables are too close together.The rolls are decent. Some are good (Yum Yum roll) and some are just bland (Mango roll, Kiss Me roll).  The prices are what you would expect. Dinner for two with a glass of wine for each is like $65  without dessert. It is very convenient if you are having dinner before a night out at Epicentre, the arena or uptown. That said, parking is so inconvenient and expensive at Epicentre it 's not a place I think of going on a random night. Bottom line: go to be seen, not for a great value or the best sushi.
5	I am going to be honest, I was skeptical when going to Enso based off of the reviews on here, but our friends really wanted to go here so we gave it a shot.After waiting for about 45 minutes at the bar (our bartender made some phenomenal appletinis for me) we were seated. Now, I was worried about the service...it took our server a minute to come by...but she was definitely just busy and not slacking.Chelsea was our server and she was great. Our glasses were never empty. Our plates were always full. She was prompt and took great care of us...all 7 of us.I don't care what the reviews were on here...the food was great. The service was great. Definitely worth every penny. Make sure you go and see Chelsea!Thanks, Enso!
4	Great menu. Lots to choose from. Didn't expect to find good sushi in Charlotte, but I was pleasantly surprised.They have a lounge/bar in the back which is pretty cool for hanging out for a drink after dinner. Service was great.I'm deducting one star because the bar-keep or the server seemed clueless about Scotch. I don't expect them to be an expert in single malt since this is not a whiskey bar. However, when you have a fancy lounge, you better know the difference between single malt and blended whiskey.
3	Round 2! First time I visited, Enso was having a bad night...had a rather large business consume most of the fish on a Monday night, not leaving any for the on-the-spot walk-in and had to walk-out after waiting an hour. However, I got my first taste of their Cherry Blossom cocktail. Delicious (aka Dangerous). If you like kool aid, this is your drink! Mmmm.This second stop made for a happy dining experience...we not only got drinks, but also got to eat too. The service was excellent! Very attentive and friendly!We ordered two entrees and one sushi roll. The Grilled Chicken Curry was very flavorful and nicely paired with edamame mashed potatoes. The Asian Pepper Steak was good, but for me, too much of the same. Rather, this dish should be shared to give your taste buds some variety. The sushi was okay...but I have pretty high sushi standards. Overall, the food was good, large portions, and I would dine here again.The atmosphere is classy and definitely a hot spot for Uptown nightlife. However, plan to spend some cash because you will here, but also know that it will please your party and make for a great date night out!
4	I think this is my favorite sushi in Charlotte..I am hesitant to say that for sure but, everything I order off the sushi menu here I love. Plus there happy hour is awesome as well.  The drinks are a little light and small but the food is amazing and only $5 for gyoza, skewers, etc.  The inside decor is luxurious and exotic but being a people watcher I love it outside.  This is definitley a great addition the Epicenter fare.
5	From the absolutely stunning decor and perfect placement for a lounge area I was in love the second I walked in.  Drink wine and eat sushi while lounging on a couch? I'm IN!  My g/f and I had a late night run here a few days ago after a Checkers game.  I think what I remember most was the lighting.  I hate a restaurant that doesn't understand lighting = mood.  This place does and does it right.  The service was spot on and very attentive.  The sushi was incredibly fresh and presentation was perfect as well.  I will certainly be back, this place is one of my "must haves" from now on when looking for a more contemporary and exotic sushi dining experience.  Next time I go, I hope to have a group with me so I can experience what appeared to be "The King's Table"....high back chairs (leopard print?) near the exterior storefront.  Don't judge me, it appeals to me ok? Lol...ENSO....fo sho!
5	This place is amazing.  The staff is wonderfully trained, the food is exquisite and the ambiance is elegant.  I have read the other reviews and everyone has their opinion, but for my money I'm getting sushi at Enso.  I have been several times and have throughly enjoyed each experience.  I would highly recommend Enso to anyone looking for a top notch experience.  Don't go here expecting to spend $10 on dinner ok, you get what you pay for, Enso isn't cheap but it is Damn good!
2	To start with, this is a "cool, hip bar/restaurant" but, I only give it 2 stars because I got bad vibes from the majority of the staff we encountered starting with the hostesses.  The bar was not overly crowded, but the bartenders were sluggish, unhelpful, and generally not attentive.   This place is trying so hard to be "cool" but the atmosphere just came across as prententious.    Now, what I did like about it:(1) the cute little DJ who looked sort of like a young Bruce Lee.  He  was obviously having a lot of fun - which was refreshing! (2) good food...The tuna nigri I had was excellent and my boyfriend enjoyed the shrimp tempura.  But, there are tons of great restaurants in Charlotte where you actually feel you are welcomed and appreciated, so I don't plan to go back here.
3	The sushi here is a bit above average for the kind of upscale sushi place, but not great...especially for the price paid  The sake we ordered was nothing interesting or delicious and was quite harsh.  The service was a slow and they kept forgetting things.  But the main detractor for the eating experience is the horrible music that they BLAST into the place.  It makes a conversation nearly impossible and really ruins an otherwise pleasant environment.  I would go back, but I'd be very strategic about when I go to avoid the crowded times and hopefully the awful auditory insults.
4	This was my first time at Enso but I will make sure I go back the next time I am in town. We had a party of 12 on a Sunday night. The food was fantastic and the service was good.As a side note: If you are a hardcore sushi lover like myself, I don't have sushi at fusion restaurants. You are probably setting yourself up for a disappointment.The calamari was delicious and tender, not overcooked and rubbery at all. The tuna tar tar was fresh and very tasty. I highly recommend the Chilean Sea Bass. The sauce was a little sweet for my taste, so I would ask for it on the side next time but it was still AMAZING! My husband had the Sesame Encrusted Tuna. Tuna was good but the sides are what makes this dish remarkable.The atmosphere was definitely geared towards a hip crowd. The music was quite loud and with lots of base. So, probably not the best place for a romantic dinner but seemed very appropriate for our large group of friends.
4	ENSO has so many things going for it.(1) The food is delicious;(2) The mixed drinks are to die for;(3) On Fridays and Saturdays, the DJ is mixing up dope beats like he's lost his mind;(4) It's in the Epicenter, so, if you want to bounce to a club after getting some Miso soup and a seafood, you can walk upstairs and have your pick of five different nightclubs;(5) The place draws people who are good-looking and, in some instances, will strike up random conversations with complete strangers.What more could you ask for? If you sitting on the coach on a Saturday night and you start jonesing for some good music and good food, grab your wallet (or your purse) fire up the SUV and head to ENSO."Nuff Said,Anti-Charisma
1	If you came here to eat...you're in trouble, because the service is awful. The food looked good...but it was always going to someone else's table. When I asked for a server...sure they said, right away.  I guess some other restaurant in town wants my business more than these guys...doesn't matter how good the food is when the service sucks.
5	What a surprise!  This truly hip sushi bar / restaurant in the midst of the "epicenter" in Charlotte knocked my socks off.  Besides the excellent "people-watching" aspect of being in the middle of a complex of restaurants and bars in the middle of downtown Charlotte, the food was superb!  I have never ever had a larger pieces of sushi in my life.  I think they must have been a 1/2 " of fish on rice.  The sake was also excellent quality.   I will be back!
4	As many times as I've hung out in the epicenter in Uptown Charlotte, I was kinda of shocked at myself I hadn't made my way into this place sooner (especially if you knew how deep my love for sushi is) But I was able to slide in the door right as happy hour was ending (4-7pm Mon-Fri if you want to catch some good specials) But the waiters at the bar were nice enough to let me have a Pound Cake Martini at the special price (very unique taste to say the least but I swallowed it right on down) I had already made up my mind before I arrived that I was going to have the Sunshine Roll (krab tempura,cream cheese,ebi shrimp, cucumber, topped w/ smoked salmon & avocado finished w/ apple aioli sauce) as it seemed right down my ally for tastes and what I'm comfortable spending on sushi ($14).  The service was efficient considering it was starting to pick up on a Friday evening and even though I wasn't helped directly by one, they had more than one waitress\hostess that was easy on the eyes(single guy observation)The sushi was top notch and I took my sweet little time devouring my 8 piece plate. I had a fellow bachelor join me after I finish my meal so I sat with him and he was kind enough to order up some hot sake & rock shrimp (yummy appetizer 2 folks could easily share) I forget what he had for the main course but it looked tasty and he even managed to same room for some fried cheesecake desert. Overall, if you combine the ambience with the food, it's a nice upscale choice if you want to be in the thick of the action uptown. Is it the best sushi in town? I still give the crown to The Cow Fish just because there overall variety and quality is in a class by itself.  Still one of the best in town by far, but certainly not a budget place to come dine in. Bring $30-60 (per peson) if you plan on having at least one alcoholic beverage, an appetizer and a meal. But if you're ready to splurge a bit, you will be in for a nice treat!
1	This is the lowest rating I've ever given. Being from Seattle perhaps I'm more accustomed to better sushi. I was extremely surprised by the lack of freshness. Based on several reviews and high prices I had great expectations. However when I got my sushi roll, first I was surprised by the size being very small for a $15 roll. Then the flavors didn't feel fresh. Even the  tuna on top of one of the rolls was seared (why?). The whole roll seemed like something I could pick up in a super market. I also had the fried rice which didn't seem fresh, it almost seemed day old. It was dry and lacked something. I asked for extra soy sauce but wasn't enough after sushi. Lastly, we had the avocado egg roll. Which was basically hot guacamole in a crispy egg roll shell. It was ok but not worth $10. We did want just a plain old standard egg roll but they don't offer anything like that.Very disappointing. :( I can't wait to get back home to good sushi.
5	First and foremost... This place is not cheap. Deal with it! Look at the menu before you go. You can eat enough to feed a small village for $25 if you look through the menu (which will take you a good 20 minutes). Now that that is out of the way. Enso has it going on. They didn't hesitate to go all out on the decor and atmosphere. The quality of the food here is unmatched by other sushi restaurants in Charlotte. If you don't believe me ask the sushi chefs or server. They won't bull crap you and will direct you to what is the current highest quality fish available. They are not afraid to wine and dine you so be careful. If you are a sake fan they have an amazing collection. Spend the money get the Ty-Ku White. Worth every penny. If you are looking for a place to go big and have an awesome night hit up Enso. They will make your night. Ask for Ginny she is a rockstar server. DO IT!
2	The overall impression I gathered from my two experiences at Enso is that they are more interested in creating a place that is all about "being seen" than actually having a positive dining experience. It was filled with people who looked like they were either going to the prom or the stripclub. No offense intended, but the propencity of playboy bunny blonde extensions, fake tanning, 90 lb females, and overly bedazzled men was a bit unreal. I will say it did make for some interesting people watching, though! I imagine this would be a fun place for a bachelorette party given the vibe.The food/drinks were nothing too special. If you do venture there, I would recommend the avacado/peanut california roll...it was unique. Unfortunetly the vegie lo mein was saturated in sauce and it was overwhelming. Their wine/beverage selection is good, my wine cost $10 for a glass, which is standard. To me, Enso is like a high school kid who is trying super hard to be cool and it was just awkward!
3	Sooooo, I am not really sure what to think about this place. The bathroom is pretty awesome, but for me that was the highlight. The ambiance and decor was neat... but what really matters at restaurants is food. And the food was nothing special. I ordered the veggie lo mein, and for the life of me I can't figure out why it was 12 bucks. It tasted just like any other lo mein I have had before... maybe it was because they used nice plates and on top of the lo mein they put a triangle of little leafy plants? I was underwhelmed. I wanted to get sushi, but I did not feel like paying $15 for a dragon roll when I have never tasted the sushi of this place before. Ridunkulus. The man got mushroom dim sum... not really sure when potstickers became traditional dim sum. 9 bucks. Yeah. He also got veggie sushi. Not even gonna go there with that one. One friend got the Schezwan chicken. 19 bucks. For that price I hope they have a small chicken farm outside and they go slaughter a chicken each time a dish is ordered. Another friend got seafood rice, 18 bucks. His wife got the veggie rice. 9 bucks. So the main thing I am trying to say, is that you are paying an arm and a leg for average food that just happens to look pretty. Why did we eat here you ask? Don't even try to tell me you've never been in the same situation before. I know you have. 3 stars, because the bathrooms are nice. 3 stars because if you were to go on a date here, you'd probably get laid afterwards.
2	While visiting Charlotte for business I dined at Enso twice.  Had I only went the first time, I would have most likely given a much higher rating.  The first time we went there it was great.  We got great seating, there was a dj playing an awesome mix of songs, our food was delish ( a few sushi rolls and some sort of shrimp curry entre).   The second time we went there my friend and I brought two other co-workers because we were pretty impressed from the previous night.  First of all we had to sit outside (on a side walk), my friend and I had written what sushi rolls we wanted on one of their menu papers.  The waiter came back to verify what we wanted and he had someone elses order sheet.  When we told him that was not the paper we gave him he argued with us and tried to convince us we ordered this random order.  We asked to be moved inside and after dealing with the snotty girl at the front we were seated inside.  The service was just as bad.  The waiter spilled a drink all over our table and proceeded to go on and on about how he was so busy and short staffed.  I really wish we had only went the first night and I could have kept my happy memories of Enso.
3	Standard sushi. In a land locked city like charlotte, this is likely the best sushi you are going to get. yes its expensive. but ive found the sashimi and nigiri portions pretty good and the fish is generally very fresh. the atmosphere is very nice, its obviously trying very hard to be upscale, which makes it kind of out of place in a city like charlotte. some servers here are very good, some are horrible. the hostesses are all nice to look at but if they were any dumber they would be legally retarded.
3	I went here last weekend for a friend's birthday.  I wasn't sure how the sushi and other food would be.  I figured it was just the one of the latest trendy sushi spots in uptown.  When we arrived we visited the bar before our table was ready.  They had a good selection of Asian beers.  I would have never of thought of trying a Chinese beer, Tsingtao, but it was a really good light beer.  Once to the table we order a Spicy Tuna Dynamite Roll and the Crunchy Crab Roll, along with some Chicken Fried Rice.  I am no expert but I thought it was just as good as Nikko's or Eez, if not better..........or it could have been the Tsingtao talking.....but I will probably go back.
1	Who do they think they are? The pricing is way out of line for the quality. This is not great sushi. I have had better suhsi from the supermarket. The food is not fresh and the yum-yum roll tasted like immitation crab meat. The ENSO sushi is pure Sysco restaurant supply as best and not at all fresh. I am very disappointed.
5	I'm surprised that there are so many negative reviews of this restaurant. My experience here was exactly as I had hoped it would be and the food was better than most of the Asian restaurants around this area. You can't complain that the food is boring if you're ordering vegetable lo mein. Branch out and try something that you wouldn't normally get from your local "Dragon House" or "Mr Chow's." It's an upscale restaurant, so everything from the rice to the napkins will be expensive. It'll be that way wherever you go. DUH..*The website is epic.*I especially liked the interiors of Enso. A lot of thought was put into evoking a contemporary fine dining atmosphere with a bit of Asian flair. It was a little too dark for my taste (difficult to take pics), but that didn't deter from the quality of my visit. We started off with the chicken lettuce wraps and the Asian ceviche. The wraps were exquisite. The peanut sauce was far better than the chicken sauttee peanut sauce I was expecting. It was slightly tangy, salty, and the peanut flavor was milder, allowing the minced chicken to stand out. The Asian ceviche was good, but the cucumber was somewat overpowering the fish. Needed more citrus and seasoning, but I let it slide because it was fresh and a good contrast to the rest of the meal. The next course was the greatest Korean Short Rib (Kalbi) I've had in a while. Think of freshly pulled pork, but in beef form, with a ton of spices, gooey marinade, and melt-in-your-mouth streaks of fat. All this laid neatly upon the actual short rib bone that rests upon some type of rice preparation and sweet sauce. It was so delicious. My mouth is watering thinking of it. The other entree was the pan seared scallops with the cone/turd looking like edamame mashed potatoes. It could be a little too salty for some people's taste, but I loved it. Powerful and in-your-face flavors. We also sampled the sushi, which was indeed expensive, but spoke for itself with its sheer quality. I ordered the Toro Crunch or something like that and the dish wasn't overpowered by marinades or sauces and was finished with a piece of tuna sashimi on top. Perfect chewiness to the rice. I didn't even reach for the soy.The waitress was knowledgeable of the menu and had superb recommendations. The place wasn't busy which is why we probably got our food promptly. I've been back three times now. It's that goodI highly recommend it. Feels like you're going to a nightclub.5/5
1	Had the sushi selection for the Queen's Feast.  Really mediocre.  I've had better sushi at the supermarket.  Upscale, schmupscale.  Show me the food.Others in my group got some kind of braised short rib dish that most of them left on the plate and took the bone home to the dog.  Not a good sign.If you want to be seen (being ripped off) by all means go.
2	This place has a nice atmosphere, but the food is average I think at best. A little overpriced for the quality of food, but a nice place for a drink
2	Me and my boyfriend were looking for a place to eat in the Epicenter after seeing a movie. I had always wanted to try Enso's and I love Asian food, so why not?First off, we waited like 15-20 mins and it was sooo cold out. Every time the door opened, it seemed to get colder and colder. People were coming and going, so I figured it would be pretty good with the amount of people there. But I quickly learned that big crowds doesn't always mean good food. Now that we were finally seated, our waiter catered to our every need. Service was A+ in my book. For starters I order a cosmo that was DELISH! I could not taste the alcohol at all, but felt the effect! haha. My boyfriend had tea(as always) and thought it was the best tea he's ever tasted. Next I ordered the calamari and my boyfriend had spring rolls. The presentation of the food was nice, and my boyfriend loved his spring rolls(ate the whole plate), but my calamari was sub-par. I guess the calamari at Room 112 has spoiled me.  Any who, the whole menu is mainly Sushi(hence the name of the restaurant) and I hate sushi, so I ordered the orange chicken, while my boyfriend had the general tso's chicken. Well, let me say that after sending back my order, and getting what my boyfriend ordered, I was still dissatisfied. I didn't want to keep ordering, so I just got it to go. Ps. the food was still nasty when I heated it up at home.The bill was only $75, and we tipped out waiter pretty well, because I know I am a handful when it comes to ordering. I will say that the next time I go back to Enso's, it will be for drinks and that's it. Not for the food. The atmosphere was ok, nice music, well groomed customers, and great decor.
1	Not recommended for Sushi or service. I eat sushi regularly and can safely say this is NOT where you want to go. Miso soup was watered down and tasteless. My rainbow roll was overpriced and looked like it had been sitting out for a day and a half. The fish was dark, not bright colors like sushi from any other sushi restaurants. Poor tasting fish and SMALL servings. The description of what my wife ordered (the Paris Roll) sounded tasty BUT it was totally boring and bland. All pieces tasted the same.SERVICE POOR: During the 1 1/2 hrs the waitress came once to fill water then the bill was the last time we saw her. There was no conversation, no smiles, no service.OTHER GUEST COMMENTS sitting next to my wife and I, also said the food in general was so-so and absolutely not worth the price. Not everyone had sushi. So it was not just our opinion.Okay, this is the East and I'm used to Sushi mostly on the west coast, but that should not matter. I've eaten sushi in the mid west too and have been very satisfied. If this is the best Charlotte has to offer then it is a sad situation. I don't have any hopeful expectations for the future.BE AWARE: this place adds 20% to your bill for a tip, does not return the original receipt but gives you a final receipt with only the full price and it has a spot for a tip again. Unsuspecting customers can easily think they still need to add a tip when they've already been charged for it. 20% is not the tip deserved here for the food or unexceptional service we received. Maybe our server and chef were both having a bad day?
3	I walked in here and felt underdressed, but who dressed super nice for a nice night of excessive drinking? Couples having dinner, romance all around with the techno beats popping, wait what? I wasn't sure what was going on but I like the swanky decor and if you get a couple drinks it'll make more sense probably.We get half off due to knowing some people here. It's still pretty expensive to me. I go here for some sort of cherry blossom pear martini or whatever it was called. Lets make the name shorter please! It tastes sweet and nice. I like it, maybe what they say about how opposites attract is true! It's still really expensive after about four drinks though so I'm gonna limit my time here. You might not taste too much alcohol in their drinks but it sneaks up on you after a while!The beginning of the night is drawing to a close and I wander off to the waiting taxi and the next bar. Your bartenders are cool cats, and I probably wouldn't eat here but your drinks are nice. Thanks for the buzz Enso!
1	We were only in town for one day and stumbled on to this place.  Walking in to 3 hostesses at the door was a good first sign.  But it was downhill from there.  We had no reservations, and the place was packed and loud...too loud for normal conversation.  The hostesses were more interested in their own conversation than helping us determine if there would be anywhere for us to sit.  I asked about the bar seating and was told "last time I was in there it was pretty full". I'm sure she was too busy to actually check for me, so we wandered to the bar.  We started to grab and table and were quickly shooed away..."have you talked to the hostesses? we were asked". Well, we had, and they sent us to the bar area.  This guy couldn't really tell us where we could sit either, at least that's what I think he said, because it was too loud to really hear him.  So we looked around for some other place to sit in the bar, then realized how ridiculous this really was.  So we went elsewhere and had Italian.  Good spaghetti.
3	We got in late so the only thing available was the Sushi Menu.I went with a TATAKI ("pounded" or "hit into pieces"), also called tosa-mi, is a manner of preparing fish or meat in Japanese cuisine. The meat or fish is seared very briefly over a hot flame or pan, briefly marinated in vinegar, sliced thinly and seasoned with ginger (which is ground or pounded into a paste, hence the name).I had wanted the queen city for the spicy sea bass but they were out.  Went with the COMBO TATAKI ($16) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/MrSHPvHVdE_VzVN7iRz45Q?select=xKTHp36FX0A_zk5HA9QnLg  The seared fish is definitely a nice touch.FRIED TEMPURA ICE CREAM ($12) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/MrSHPvHVdE_VzVN7iRz45Q?select=jPrZ3OpUA3L3OPcbRS3P6Q Chopsticks came out before this dish and we were all perplexed.  But green tea ice cream wrapped in tempura batter sliced in to look like a sushi roll... the best presentation of a tempura ice cream I've ever seen. +1 star for creativity.Will need to come back and try the full menu... if not for an excuse to eat more tempura ice cream. :PAdditional Notes: Location:  In the Epicenter MallAmbiance: Dark and trendy?Service:  Good.  Server had no issues splitting the bill.  She even split the dessert on to separate bills.
1	Disappointing hostess. Tried last night to get in. Granted it was St Patties day, and the epicenter was extremely busy with college kids. So was Enso. But we walked in and asked for reservations. Was told it would be an hour or so. That was fine, we walked some more and had some drinks at the bar. After two hours and not hearing a thing from the hostess, noticing that several tables where clean and ready to go.(for over 30 minutes). We ask her what was going on. She told us that they where extremely busy and it might be another half hour. Needless to say we walked away disappointed. Why not just tell us there are no tables and let us find another place to eat? Why keep us hanging on for two hours, waiting for a table. (all though i'm sure they didn't mind the $150 we spent at the bar waiting) I have ate here before, and the food was good. All though a bit pricey, I didn't  mind because of the level of service I received. Going to rethink that now. Sorry Enso, don't think you'll be seeing me again. Normally i would not even think about dissing a place when a holiday or special occasion is involved. But some places hold a higher standard than most. And Enso is one of them.
3	This place is definitely trendy and upscale. Very pricey.I can't remember the name of the sushi roll I had but it was very good and fresh (something with eel on top). Everyone else in my table was also very happy with their sushi, so we know that's good. Additionally, I had the Lucy Liu cosmo which was tasty, but way to weak for $12. After that, I ordered a vodka tonic with Absolut and it was $8. I should have just stuck with that the whole time.Our server was EXTREMELY nice and very helpful and the manager came over to check if everything was ok. 5 stars for service. BEWARE 20% gratuity automatically included and we were only 6. CRAZY! My bill came out to $50 and I had the Lucy Liu, vodka tonic, sushi roll and edamamme appetizer ($5)
3	I came to Enso for dinner after work one night. It was still a little early out so the dining room was still a little empty. Everything on the menu looked amazing and the I sat at the bar so II got to see the cuts of fish. Everything was really fresh and stored nice and neat. I had the edamame, combo tatiki, and the shrimp tempura roll. The edamame was just average but what can you do to edamame to write home about? The combo tatiki was just amazing. It was a pretty pricy roll so I took my time to relish every single piece. They don't provide you with much wasabi and ginger. I literally got like three pieces of ginger on each plate. The shrimp tempura maki roll was not the best that I've had. The eel roll was a little to watery for my taste and it was below average. Again, very little wasabi and ginger on the plate. Since  I was eating by myself, I got stuffed so I had to take most of the shrimp tempura to go. When I asked for more ginger and wasabi the waitress gave me a full container of each. How come they couldn't do that when they served it? I devoured all of it later that evening. The shrimp tempura tasted better after it was refrigerated.As for the service, it was OK. My waitress was sweet and not pushy at all but was hard to get a hold of when I needed to pack up and go. The restaurant still was not busy. The sushi chefs, which I sat right in front of, were not sociable one bit. They only talked amongst themselves and did not try to even smile or socialize with the customers. Usually, when I sit at a sushi bar, the chef smiles, asks if you are ok, even gives you complimentary sushi. Not here. Also, I've never seen so many sushi chefs at a restaurant that wasn't that busy. There were six.
4	Went to Enso for a pair of business dinners...and was mildly surprised. First of all, the restaurant is definitely larger than it appears, with a fairly large lounge to the right of the entry way. The restaurant is nicely decorated, modern and well designed. The sushi menu had a decent variety of rolls, plenty of rolls with lots of fresh fish on top. Sushi was good (Bobcat & Toro Crunch rolls stood out), sashimi was decent. The drinks were not cheap, and also weren't very strong. The highlight of both meals we had was definitely the seabass. Absolutely fantastic...large portion, cooked to perfection. Simply delicious, and I would highly recommend to anyone eating here. For dessert, the server brought us a "green tea ice cream roll"...kind of gimicky...but absolutely delicious and a great touch to end a meal.Additionally, their kitchen is open late for sushi in Charlotte, and that was very convenient.The only downside to the restaurant was the service. Both times the servers were very friendly...but also very absent. One of our servers forgot to put in our order until we reminded her. One was very knowledgeable, the other knew little more about the menu than we, the patrons, did. The commonality between the two was that it took 10-20 minutes each time after we'd finished eating for our servers to even appear, much less get the bill. A shame, because it was cast such a negative shadow on an otherwise good dinner.
4	I love the red carpet. I also am a fan of the modern furniture. I remember the food being wonderful the first time I went, but the more I go the more I am not as impressed. Maybe the red carpet got me the first time.
5	Sit at the sushi bar and let them impress you.  (Ask for Steve)I didn't have a single disappointing item, and I can safely say that this is the best sushi I have had in Charlotte.The servers pretended not to speak English until a woman in our party called one of them out as a phony.   After he broke character,  he served us some of the most creative sushi dishes I've ever had.
4	Two words: ROCK SHRIMP. I had never even had rock shrimp before (sad, I know) I ended up at Enso but ohmigod do I love their little guys swimming in that sweet and spicy sauce. The shrimp is incredibly mouth-watering and the batter melts as soon as you pop it in your mouth. I tend to eat too many of these little morsels before I get to the sushi portion of the meal so I tend to be full sooner.. Oops.The sushi is very good. They supposedly only serve the best grade of fish, which is good to know, and everything I've had has been yummy. I've tried several of their sushi rolls and was impressed by many. Their Kiss Me roll is on point if you like the sweeter things in life. The service is extremely professional and attentive. Enso is the most upscale of all the sushi joints in Charlotte so the price point runs very high. An average sushi roll will run about $18 and each drink about $10. The atmosphere is pretty hip and classy. A DJ typically spins on the weekends to give it a fun, live flair and you can't help but just FEEL cool when you walk in here. When people ask me where to go for dinner with co-workers for a fun, entertaining night out in uptown, I usually suggest Enso as it covers all bases: Great food, extensive selection of drinks/wine, excellent service, prime location, and a hip atmosphere and music to keep you there. Only downside: PRICEY!! A friend and I went for a long lunch one day and we both ended up spending $70 each for 2 drinks each, 1 appetizer and 3 sushi rolls that were shared. If you're coming here for dinner be prepared to drop some loot, but it will be worth it obviously. If you would like to try their noms on a budget, stop in for lunch and choose from their lunch menu where you can choose combinations for an affordable fixed price.Enso is a must for those who live in Charlotte or for those visiting, wanting to see what the Queen City is all about!
2	I went here for lunch with my bestie and boyfriend. The decor is nice, the bathrooms are RIDICULOUSLY dark and full of mirrors. I felt like Bruce Lee in Enter the Dragon using that bathroom. I hate to say this, but as soon as you walk in, you get a sense that the place is full of itself. Our server was friendly and actually recommended that my friend not get the scallops because they were tasting extra fishy today. The food wasn't bad but it wasn't good. For the price, I would expect something much better.
4	If sushi is your game, Enso is sure to serve up rolls worth remembering. The EpiCentre houses some great eats and I'm happy to find a Maki/Nigiri haven within this posh Uptown stop. Enso has a great vibe. A little dark, draped from head to toe and decked out in Japanese decor. Apropos for a fancy Uptown affair. I love the bar. Accessible from all sides and just as comfy as the tables or lounge. I've been here several times and have always enjoyed the menu. Though expensive, there are menu items that you simply cannot pass up:The ginger salad, though ubiquitous to every sushi joint on the planet, is one of the better I've had in town. Their ginger dressing is creamy and not overpowering. Rock Shrimp. These little neon orange morsels of shrimp and delectable, sweet sauce might as well be made of solid gold. Lightly battered and perfect to share with the table. If you're feeling ambitiously appetizer-y, order a larger order for an entree. 007 Roll. I don't even know where to begin. Tempura, crab on top and a balance of veggies and other wondrous sushi accoutrement. The service is top and the atmosphere is easy. Can't go wrong for lunch when in Uptown. This place can get slammed for dinner, so make a reservation or dip in for an earlier seating. Thanks, Enso! Love your sushi and all things related!
4	As a person that travels to Charlotte for business, I find Enso to be great for a couple of situations. First, if you are meeting with clients or going out as a team, it provides a great atmosphere for discussion and sushi is a great communal fare. Second, if you want to grab a swanky drink and eats with a date before a movie or before heading up to "The Suite" to dance the night away up stairs. A couple tips, avoid the surf and turf roll, it sounds good but it's not that great. The Rock shrimp appetizer is great! And I really like to get the Sexy Salmon roll is awesome and the Checkers Roll is good if you like cream cheese in your sushi. Avoid sitting in the weird seats in the bar with no back support unless you plan on being there for less than a half hour, they get uncomfortable quickly.Why it's not 5 stars: It's expensive. The drinks and the sushi. Not a good place if you are on a tight budget.
4	Looooveddd the tuna it was fresh as hell. I love eating good sushi and this sure has it. Over priced yes but the sushi is great five stars to just that. On the other hand the rice sucked. The price was over priced but you have to expect that in epi center
4	Parking- Non-validated parking so you will have to pay $10 up front cash at the Epicentre garage (for a weekend night) or find another garage/street parking Atmosphere- sexy and sultry with plush seating and a jewel-toned color palette  though the music was downright stress-inducing. I felt like I was about to step onto an elliptical not sit down and relax.Service- Friendly and prompt. Food- I would skip the maki rolls and head straight for the specialty rolls (though they are pricy). The Paris was our favorite roll by far but ceviche was pretty good too.Pricing- A bit too pricey for the quality and size,  I would not visit here unless it was a special occasion. For the cost, I'd head to Cowfish where the rolls are bigger and the quality is a tad better. Verdict: I enjoyed it, though most likely it will not be part of my regular sushi-rotation. A solid 3.5
4	I don't know what to complain about. The Snow Maiden cold sake was just what I was craving. I had the Maryland roll which sticks out to me as one of the best along with a couple other rolls all were good. Great sushi in Charlotte. I'm just not a huge fan of epicenter so I would rather avoid the crowds at Nikkos instead.
3	Greatness with sushi. Mediocrity with entrees. Though I've had some pretty good sushi here in the past, I was really disappointed with dinner this evening. This following a prior lunch that was unimpressive. Folks, I gave them two chances to make me a believer! There is nothing particularly great or unique about their entrees and yet they charge a premium. I've had better food locally for half the price that they charge. DM me for locations if you like. Folks, you're really paying for the premium location (at the Epicenter), not a premium meal. I may return again for sushi but I'll never order from the entree menu again. IMHO
3	Met a girlfriend who loves & craves Sushi as much as I do at Enso last night for dinner. We've been hitting the same Sushi place for the past few months and wanted to try something different. I think ME 10 years ago would have given my experience at Enso 4-Stars.The Good:- 1/2 Price Bottles of Wine (thursdays)...BUT there's a catch. It's only in the bar area and only the bottles the offer by the glass. The Kunde Sauvignon Blanc turned out to be a great accompaniment to the spicy Sushi.- 007 Roll was fantastic- Rolls can be made with brown rice if requested, however I don't recommend doing the brown rice with nigiri. The nutty flavor in the rice took away the freshness in the taste of the Salmon/Tuna- I did not have an issue with the prices. They seemed right on target for the whole "Enso" experience. The Not-So Good:- I found the Sexy Salmon & the BobCat bland which can be overcome with a ton of soy sauce and wasabi. I would rather not soak the heck out of a $15 roll though.- I just was not WOW'd by the rest of the SushiThe Just Plain Wrong:A magician?!? Really? I would take a bet that even 30 year old me would not have wanted a magician to come up from behind the bar and show me card tricks. Would I go back to Enso? If meeting friends downtown or grabbing a bite before an event maybe. If making the drive to charlotte however; next time I'll stick to Nikko on South Blvd.
3	Fancy Schmansy Ooh Laa Laa!That's what Enso feels like and it works! Dark, romantic, rich, soft, modern, traditional all at the same time. The lighting is dim and the seating is varied (booths, tables, bars) - the experience of eating here is great and really good for a romantic date or to impress clients.When it comes to the food, I echo what many others have said: There's better sushi all around town. If you're uptown, it's good to go here but it's nothing to write home about. The specialty rolls are priced as if you'll get something truly impressive but in our experiences here, the rolls have been loose and the fish a bit warm when it arrives - not super appetizing! The other thing that perhaps is to be said is that the service here lacks any personality - perhaps it's the way they've been coached to serve, but there's no conversation with your waiter, they have no seeming interest in making sure you're enjoying yourself, but are attentive enough to ensure they receive a decent tip. It's quite odd - I don't dislike them, but I really don't ever like my waiter at Enso.All in all, for it's feel and ambiance, Enso is a 10. Otherwise, it's just OK.
5	The only reason i like sushi is because of ENZO. After that i have try so many places and there is no place like ENZO. I found out is that Enzo has TOP OF LINE FISH call sushi/shahsmi organic grade fish i sometimes find this grade at Harris Teeter. I do not know so much about the grades but i do know that there is different types of fish 1. wild caught fish 2. farm raised fish 3. farm raised organic fish. Which number 3 taste the best for me for.
1	i have yet to go and after the service i received i can only imagine what out would be like in person. I am visiting on business and was interested in taking my clients here. I made a reservation just to have it cancelled, but that is not what made me upset.When i tried to reserve for the next day, the hostess was rude and short with me on the phone. I was not upset about the cancellation, heck the DNC just left yesterday. However, i receive a cancellation notice from OpenTable rather than a change notice. Needless to say, I will be taking my clients elsewhere. Again I understand not being ready to open the day after the DNC leaves, but not changing my reservation to the next day after you agreed to do so is unacceptable.
3	We went here last night for dinner.  The sushi was good--nothing amazing.  We ordered the typical spicy tuna, philly, tempura, etc. rolls and the salads with the ginger dressing.  The bill was ridiculously high for the food and the quality of it.  The salads which are normally $3 in sushi places are $6 here.  I really don't think Enso is worth their prices.
2	I go to Enso a couple of times a year and usually find it a place for a pretty good if expensive meal.  I'm no sushi expert but the few "beginner" rolls I've had (spicy tuna, spicy yellowtail, Philly roll, etc) have all been pretty tasty.  I've never been disappointed by their entrees, particularly the Kalbi Beef  Rib and the  Szechuan Beef (although the tiny bowl of rice you get with this is about  the size of what you would expect).My wife frequently gets the seafood entrees and has enjoyed the Halibut and the Salmon. The Chilean Sea Bass was one of the biggest pieces of fish I've ever seen and she said it was rich and delicious.They also have a number of specialty cocktails.  The two or three I've tried were all top notch as long as you don't mind forking over $12 for a drink.I find their atmosphere confusing, though.  Are they trying to be a night club, an upscale restaurant, or a sports bar?  Take our most recent visit for example.  In the bar area they had a flat screen TV showing the Clemson-Duke football game. (I won't even get into why that made no sense considering that Oregon-USC and Alabama-LSU were also available for viewing.)  There was also a fedora-clad DJ playing dance mix music at club levels even though it was only 7:30.  In fact, one of the speakers was aimed into the dining area opposite the bar.  We had the misfortune of being seated directly underneath it, rendering conversation impossible.  We asked the hostess if we could move to another table and she offered us one right in the entrance, approximately 3 feet from where we were sitting already.  We pointed to another open table a little further away but they did not let us move there because it wasn't set.  It got set about 1 minute later and then sat idly there mocking us for 25 minutes.Our waitress was efficient, but not exceedingly friendly.  Here was our first interaction:      Music thumping. thump thump thump thump      Waitress: Can I start you off with a drink?      thump thump thump thump      Wife: Pardon me?      thump thump thump thump      Waitress: DO YOU WANT A DRINK?      thump thump thump thump      Wife: Yes, anything to dull the painThe only part of that exchange that is made up is the bit about dulling the pain.I probably won't be back, which is too bad because I used to enjoy it.
4	Enso has a great vibe. A little dark, draped from head to toe and decked out in Japanese decor. Apropos for a fancy Uptown affair. I love the bar. Accessible from all sides and just as comfy as the tables or lounge. The service is top and the atmosphere is easy. Can't go wrong for lunch when in Uptown. This place can get slammed for dinner, so make a reservation or dip in for an earlier seating.
4	Good sushi, pricey.
5	Giving high marks because it was truly unexpected.  Coming from the food haven of NYC and being Asian-American, I really didn't expected to find any good fusion food in Charlotte.  When I come to Charlotte, I come for the BBQ and the regional cuisine.  When my coworker suggested we come try this place out, I said whatever.  Can't be disappointed when you have no expectations, right?So we walk in, and the vibe is solid.  Nice ambiance; solid decor; and pretty girls with the country accent (am a sucker for it).   Anyway, back to the food.  We started off with the edamame.  Was served cold (used to it being warm) but was well-seasoned and a solid starter piece.  Then we had the halibut and rock shrimp appetizers.  Not only were they supremely tasty, but they just happened to mesh well together (not that they were meant to be).  Great bite to both.  Rolls and entree's were well-seasoned and tasty, as well.  With the plethora of dinning options in the downtown Charlotte area, I'd definitely put this place in my top 5 so far.  It's definitely much better than some of the "higher end" places like McCormick & Schmidt's where I feel that you pay more to get less.
3	Went here before for dinner before going to see a movie @ EpiCentre.We had the 007 and Paris rolls, they were OK.Service was spotty and slow.
3	I'm giving this 3 stars for atmosphere only. I'd like it if they had a great martini menu but they don't, just a handful of sweet martinis made with Sprite. I do go on occasion for happy hour and have never been satisfied with the young unexperienced wait staff.  Whenever I go for happy hour I get a half price martini, once the waitress had no idea what I was talking about as far as specials and half price martinis and had to go ask before she confirmed. Tonight I ordered a cucumber martini, not on the menu, but it's not like I asked for something completely obscure and I got pure vodka with slices of cucumber, sent that back. Tonight, on a Friday night I'd think they'd have more experienced bartenders but they were 3 young females that I'd bet money were all younger than 22. The sushi and food is not that impressive. I actually don't believe you will find good sushi in Charlotte anyway. I've lived in larger metro areas and traveled extensively in Asia. I'm not holding Charlotte to really high standards since I'm sure the sushi chefs are not on the dock getting fresh caught fish at midnight, you know, since we are in Charlotte. It's also kinda pricey overall too. Really, it's a classy place to go and it's not like there's alot of other options in Charlotte.
5	My go-to spot for sushi in Charlotte.  It's pretty swanked out and the service isn't impeccable as it should be at an establishment at this level but head sushi chef definitely knows what he's doing. oh and excellent shrimp tempura. I know it's weird but I am picky with my tempura but theirs was perfect!
4	Went to this restaurant because someone had a groupon. Its in an amazing location at the epicenter across from the time warner center and has bars, CVS, bowling alley and movie theatre there. Parked in garage underground and went up the stairs to what i thought was the main entrance. Had to walk through restaurant to get to hostess stand then be seated right near where we had walked in, in the first place!!The restaurant was dark, decor was confusing but very upscale and pricey. Looked more like nightclub with seating for dinner above it. Went in the middle of the week- thurs night wasnt busy but sat alot of people near us specifically right behind us. Felt like we had to keep our voices down to have a private conversation. Ordered the Chicken lettuce wraps with thai peanut sauce as an appetizer- AMAZING!!!! Ordered 2 sushi rolls that were pretty good but the main course was perfect!  Ordered the Grilled curry chicken- definaly different presentation than i expected but tasted perfect. I love curry and it hit the spot! I even took a picture of it, it looked soooo good!!!!Waitress was attentive and friendly, even ordered a glass or two of prosecco to enjoy the evening. I would definaly come back here again and skip the sushi because i want to try all the other dishes on the menu and see if theyre just as good! flaws- wish they didnt seat people right near us, on the pricier side but is in the epicenter updown area one of the best for dining and was a little more lighting
2	My boyfriend and I joke that 'If it's too dark to see the menu...you probably don't want too". Enso is a 'classy' uptown restaurant where you pay Uptown prices. Even their website plays Jersey Shore Techno.We were saved by Groupon because I know I would never pay that much for Sushi, especially sushi that isn't amazing.The service was a bit slow, and our waiter would appear and disappear, which is bad when my boyfriend is hungry, you don't wanna see him when he's hungry. We ordered Edamame ($5). You can't really mess this up.Then we each got two rolls:Spider Roll ($17) - Deep-fried soft shell crab, lettuce, avocado, cucumber, and masago, finished with sweet glaze and sesame seedThis was interesting because I've never had soft shell crab in a roll, while the textures were intriguing it was overall, not that special.Ninja Roll ($16) California roll with tuna, yellow tail, salmon, white tuna, shrimp, eel, avocadoI love eel and yellow-tail, so this was my favorite of the night. But I feel like I could've gotten this roll somewhere else for 12$My boyfriend had the:Checkers Roll ($19) Yes...$19 ----Shrimp temp, spicy tuna, cucumber and cream cheese, topped with sweet tofu, spicy crab, spicy mayo, scallions, eel sauce, and masagoI'm sorry I can't get over that...$19? Can you say Apple Bees 2 for $20~!He DID NOT  like this ----- The sweet tofu had almost a coconut flavor and was hard to get around, we left 2 on the plate cause I was too full to eat the ones he pushed away. I want to be like "That's like $4 worth of sushi!!!!  Eat it and like it"!!!!!!!Alas I cannot remember the last roll, something probably hot, because he loved hot food.I will probably never go back to Enso, it's not my style. It's not great sushi.Just go to Emzy down the street  (I took my BF here for a Birthday)- It's Cheaper, same Yelp Rating, great for date night.See Sushi menu below....not one sushi roll is $19  :)http://www.emzyuptown.com/files/4113/2735/6530/EMZY_Sushi_Menu.pdf
1	Do you want to pay a high price for false label fish with a lavish atmosphere? Then come on down to Enso. I was looking for another sushi spot and my friends and I stumbled up on this place. What a joke!!!! I ordered the squid and octopus nigiri and I swear the fish was exactly the same but food color made it squid and octopus. Please...I am from Los Angeles and I know my fish. Nice try with the fancy setup inside. Service sucked a melon and I wonder if I actually would have enjoyed the other place I had found online.
2	I travel to Charlotte on business every month - I have been doing so for 3+ years. I used to really dig the vibe of this place. A guy could sit at the bar, encounter a friendly bartender, grab a relatively quick meal and relax. I stopped in twice on my most recent visit and unfortunately my experience with the service there has been so poor that I don't plan on returning again. If you do stop in, the 007 roll is tasty and the sea bass was also excellent - if you don't mind waiting 30 minutes for it. I know the service in this place had bad reviews and I can confirm that in 30 or more visits I never received as much as a nod hello or a thank you from a hostess at the front door - maybe the hiring manager is going for good looking and aloof? My experience has been that the food is very good, very pricey, and the service is much worse now than when I first gained an affection for the place.
1	Have tried Enso several times.  Each time, awful service!!!  Beyond the rudest and most inept servers in all my dining experience.  Overall staff is rude.  I love paying $200 for a meal, only to be treated rudely.  Additionally, the bathrooms were the worst I have experienced (and I travel to Newark NJ for work people). Literally smelled like vomit, only 2 stalls for all the women, no toilet paper, so dirty that I literally was nauseated from the smell and this was after paying $200 for a meal!!!  If you are going to charge that price, clean your bathrooms please!  It was like a dirty skank club after 3 am...just horrendous!  With the awful service, rude staff and horribly unclean bathrooms, I would highly recommend anyone with class and wanting to enjoy a decent meal, conversation and night out....STAY FAR FAR AWAY from ENSO.  It appears they have forgotten whom the customer is and have become skank club central.   So beyond dirty, I honestly worry if the food is prepped in an area as unclean as the bathroom.
4	The food is great-we had 3 maki rolls- spicy salmon,spicy crab and eel with avocado-great!Then we ordered mongolian beef and it was awesome. The place is nice but because we went on Saturday when everybody was celebrating St.Patricks day the place was full and loud-like a bar not like an upscale restaurant.The service is great too.
2	This is my second time dining at this restaurant. The food was not bad- the lettuce wraps and seafood miso was good. However, I ordered this $17 red dragon roll, which turned out to be very fishy (and i normally even like fishy stuff, but this one just tasted weird). I just think their food is ok, but not worth the price that you pay for. The service was so-so and the food took a while to come out even on a not so busy Wednesday night. However, I like their lounge/bar area for just having late night drinks with friends.
4	I have heard mixed reviews about Enso, ranging from great, best ever, to overrated and all about the look. I finally had the opportunity to try this place out for myself last night and had an overall pleasant experience. We had reservations for 7, but our table wasn't ready until closer to 7:30. Not a huge deal since no one had anywhere to rush off too. We hung out at the bar, had some beverages, and took in the sights. The place is beautifully decorated and very detail-orientated. I wouldn't mind sitting at the bar or in the area or the restaurant.  Now onto the good part: the food!Appetizers: there were 5 of us, so we ordered the edamame, which was really tasty, but very salty, so beware. The Rock shrimp was awesome and the perfect size to spilt among a group. The sauce has a great amount of kick and breading on the shrimp is just enough. The calamari was prepared a little different than I have ever had it before; it was lightly breaded, but it almost looked like tortilla strips. It came with dipping sauce that had a good smokey flavor.Sushi: No one could make up their mind on which role they wanted to try, so someone finally got smart and suggested we order a roll and swamp with each other. Brilliant idea. So we had in total:Yum Yum Roll: Solid choice, I love the little bit of crunch from the masago and the avocado mixed in. The glaze mixture provided a sweet aftertaste. Sexy Salmon: This roll was good, but I was hoping to taste more the spice and the apple aioli. Maryland roll: This roll is the end all be all of sushi rolls. It had literally everything in it and was huge, literally size and in taste. Tuna, crab, shrimp tempura topped with a crab cake. delicious.Paris- probably my second favorite roll. The tempura asparagus gave a nice crunch and the tuna, shrimp and yellowtail complimented each other well. Finally: The best dessert I have had in a long time!!Green tea ice cream with a deep dried drizzled with chocolate and whipped cream on the side. It was probably the highlight of the meal. The meal was good for the ambiance, somewhere fun, great dessert, but I don't think the best sushi in Charlotte. The search continues....
4	Whenever we come to Charlotte for our International Training events Enso is always the first place that we go to, to eat. IOkay to be honest we go a couple of times LOL. t is usually crowded but, we are able to find a place to sit and eat. The food is really good. I don't know of anything bad that we have had to eat. Make sure that you request a reservation to get a table to eat at unless you want to sit in the bar and lounge area. Most of the time the staff people are amazing but there has been the one off night where the courtesy and friendliness is lacking. Overall I will be back. Very nice decor.
2	We came here one night while on vacation in Charlotte.  We were looking for somewhere kind of cool and slick, and Enso definitely delivered in that respect.  We called ahead and made a reservation, so we never had any trouble walking right in and sitting down.  We ate at the sushi bar, and although the atmosphere is cool, the sushi itself was very average.  Now I'm a big eater, so I'm going to eat it all anyway, but I have definitely had more satisfying sushi experiences elsewhere.
4	First time for all 4 of us. It as pretty darn good. The waitress has been there 3 weeks but she had a great smile and a real interest in helping us. The wine list is just so so but it was a fun night and a must try.
3	Sure, this place is great but'll cost you an arm and a leg. I came here with a group of friends from Winston Salem to celebrate two birthdays. The sushi was REALLY delicious, but I spent 50 bucks on two rolls and some SPARKLING sake. The ambience is really nice, but I would only go here again for a VERY special occasion. The drinks are way too overpriced, so next time I think I will drink before I go! Great for date night, if you're dating a baller.
3	I'd love to give them much higher because the food is extremely good. However the problem is with the service. I've been there a handful of times and my wife much more often than me. Every time we re there it's an extremely long wait on drinks, drink refills, and the check. On our most recent visit I was about 30 seconds from trying to hunt down our server to get my credit card back. Love the food speed up the service please.
2	I've eaten here on numerous occasions, all but one for business. Sushi bar each time - can't comment on non-sushi menu or service.Most recent experience was this week, a Monday at 6:00 pm, when restaurant had probably less than 10 guests.Waitress was very attentive. I prefer sushi bars where chefs take orders and are more interactive - this is not the case here. Orders are relayed through waitress, and sushi chefs and helpers seem pre-occupied with their duties. Only once did one of the chefs interact with us (at end of meal), even though we were only couple at bar. I feel sorry for locals where this is their only sushi bar...The sushi was good, but pedestrian - they have a number of specialty rolls but after a while, let's face it, every combination has been accounted for. My wife had the surf and turf roll, and loved it. I had sashimi, and it was good.Price is expensive for sushi and sashimi, given the quality and the location. As I've commented for other restaurants, however, if you're making an issue of price with sushi (give or take 20%), you should probably stick to a more continental cuisine.Will definitely eat here again, when in Charlotte. But hope to learn of a better sushi experience.
3	EPIC LUNCH: Had 2 specialty rolls, salad, Asian pepper steak, and an asahi big boy beer for 60 bucks exactly. Since it was a groupon, that made it a clean 30 :)I really wanted to give Enso 4 solid stars, since that is what my lunch undoubtedly deserved. However, the truth of the matter is that that lunch was certainly worth all 30 dollars I had spent - maybe even 40 - but certainly not the 60 that it would have been sans-groupon. Enso as a whole seems to work that way; the food is consistently tasty, the atmosphere hip, but not worth the prices they put on the menu. If I weren't writing this in Tokyo, Japan, this place might have squeezed by with an extra star. However, simply not worth it, and there are better (Akahana, New Zealand Cafe, etc) spots for sushi in Charlotte!
4	Enso has incredible rolls that are very creative. The specialty rolls tend to be expensive, but the Maki rolls are just as good and much less expensive. The drinks (Strawberry Martini) are heavenly - this one had fresh strawberry puree and they have an extensive selection of Sake. The sushi is good no matter what you get and they have a great atmosphere to top off the dining experience.
4	Nice place to visit for lunch. You can order off the sushi menu or use their lunch menu. Many different offerings including non sushi items. They have a Lunch A and Lunch B sushi combo which is excellent. I had the lunch A which consisted of nigiri roll, tuna, salmon and yellowtail along with a chef's choice. You also have your choice of miso soup or ginger salad. I took the salad which was closer to miso salad than ginger. Great location. Our service was very good.
3	So I finally came here for dinner after hearing all this hype about "the best" sushi in uptown.  Well not to sound like a hater, but there isn't much competition to begin with.  So with that being said they are probably the best sushi in uptown.  I was not disappointed by the food at all, and it was very decent.-Seaweed salad: One of my favorite things to get at a sushi place, and it definitely did not disappoint.  I would advise you to get this over miso soup from time to time!-Asian Ceviche:  This is my first time trying this, and it was interesting.  I believe it was a mash up of raw fish with some other items, and served with wonton chips.  I would probably not get this again.-"Tataki" fire roll: This was the first part of our main course, and this was probably the best thing I ate that night!  It was just a well made roll with plenty of seafood inside the roll (very well worth it!)-Sashimi platter: The main main course which was very fresh, and presented very well.  Although I think the portion is a bit lacking for the price, but in the end this is supposedly and very "high end" sushi place.  All the food seemed to match their "high end" environment, but my compliant is their lack of service and wait staff.  They were really slow, and at times seemed to be clueless (our main waiter particularly).  Other than that I might be back.  Enjoy!
1	Mediocre food at best / Horrendous serviceWent to dinner with a large group of friends... We were neglected as a whole having to get drinks, even water, from the bar.  Worst of all the entire group got their food except for two people who had to sit and wait for 20 minutes without any explanation.  Everyone was finished with their dinner by the time the food finally came out.  I was appalled by the management's lack of concern and the inattentive wait staff.  This place has a prime location and a great setup inside but I will not go back.  I could tell we weren't the only ones who had been burned since there was no wait at 7:30 on a Saturday night.  Ate a couple of bites of bland Thai curry and left hungry.
5	This is the only sushi spot I go to when I'm in Charlotte.  Its a little expensive, and there is no all you can eat.  The lobster egg rolls are awesome.  They also offer other dishes, like my GF's favorite, chicken pad thai.  Also if you have room left for dessert.  You have to try the tempura fried ice cream roll.  AWESOME!!!
4	This is a trendy yet chill Asian restaurant. We come here every time we visit Charlotte. We've always had great service. It's a little pricy and there's no all you can eat sushi. I'm thinking that must be a west coast thing???I got the spicy chicken pad Thai. It was actually nice and spicy! We also got a lobster egg roll. Very good. Tried the Maryland roll that has the house made crab cake on top of it. It could have used a sauce on top of it. Very good, just a little dry. For desert we had the most interesting Asian desert ever. It was a fried ice cream roll. Green ice cream rolled in cake, dipped in tempura batter and fried. Then they drizzle chocolate on top and line it with whip cream. YUM!!!
3	In Charlotte for a work trip. Came here to eat at a co-workers referral. Ordered a roll that had thin slices of beef on top and 2 orders of salmon. When looking at the menu, the prices were pretty normal for what I'm used to but when I got my roll, I realized it was over-priced. The roll was $15 but really really small. I'm used to paying around $12-15 but for much bigger rolls (and not because of the rice either). The salmon sushi (2 pieces) was $7. Don't get me wrong, it was delicious, but I'm from Los Angeles and I can usually get salmon sushi at most places just as good for around $4. With these prices and sizes, I probably won't be eating here again.
3	On our first meal in Charlotte for a weeklong celebration of our first anniversary, the husband and I made our way to Enso. It was recommended highly by the AT&T employees upstairs as the best place to eat in the EpiCenter plaza and we were starving.Despite being so hungry, I had a difficult time finding something to eat on the menu. It seemed that all the sushi options were out of my comfort zone and the Chinese entrees were too generic to consider. We are both noodle entree lovers, and Enso only offered one vegetarian option and another noodle choice loaded with creatures from the sea which disappointed us. To boot, at first glance the prices seem fairly steep - more than what we were looking to spend for a mid-afternoon meal. Thankfully, what we ended up ordering was actually quite tasty and artfully presently and agreeably worth the cost. Hubs went with a basic General Tsao that came out huge, spicy, crisp, and one of the better versions of the General we've tried anywhere. I opted for egg drop soup (large portion as well and very different than what I'm use to in such a good way - crispy toppings, some noodles, and green onion - extremely satisfying by itself) and the Pork Dim Sum (aka dumplings). I asked for fried, they gave me steamed. I love both versions so it didn't matter to me, but again for the prices here you ought to get what you ask for. They really were amazing and the sauce that was paired with them was so addictive and thick! I'll be craving these for a while.The ambiance was my favorite part. The whole space is decorated to the nines. Everything is gorgeous, unique, and original. There were few seats/tables that were alike yet everything balanced together. We both spent half our meal being wildly entertained by the constant reel of Kung Fu films that plays alongside the bar area. Such a cool touch.The service, however, really falls flat in comparison to everything else, thus a mid-range rating. Our server in particular was incredibly absent, slow, and not personable despite there only being four other groups at the time in the whole restaurant. Our glasses sat empty for a long time during our meal while he walked by a few times. He did not seem happy to be working.The thing that really bothered me was the sake-bombed couple (ex-couple? We couldn't tell... They were fighting and making up every five minutes) who sat next to us. I have never seen two adults so belligerently drunk at 3 in the afternoon as these two in my life. They were falling off their chairs, falling asleep mid conversation, stumbling all over the place... Yet they were allowed to just get up and leave by the staff. I'm not sure how they became so wasted but over serving your guests is dangerous! As the guy's keys jingled on the way out, I was so thankful we would not be on the road with him. The waitstaff appeared to acknowledge how inebriated they were but did not attempt to call a cab or even question their ability to drive. Perhaps that isn't Enso's responsibility to discern sobriety or protect the streets but it bothered me...
3	Underwhelmed. Cool vibe, very pretty staff, nice choice of background electronic music. Roles were tasty yet they were thin, short and just anemic and incredibly overpriced. The sashimi was good. So if you want to impress a non sushi connoisseur Enso might work or if you have a fix for some sushi, this place works. Just make sure you bring some $$$ scratch!  I left saying that was just "fine" meaning average.
2	I paid $55 for a glass of wine, watered down "gin cooler" and suckey fried rice. Parking not included
4	Great location. Group of 8. Fast and friendly service, although we did have to request water refills at one point and had a slight wait for bar drinks. We were Ok with this as it was a busy crowded concert night. Food was good, fresh and well presented. A tad bit pricey but for a hip, popular big city joint that is to be expected. Overall, pleased.
3	Lunch date on Saturday in Charlotte.  The restaurant was dead but I'm sure it gets busy for dinner & late night.  Service was great considering there were only two other parties.  Ordered green tea and two rolls to share - sexy salmon & tom tom.  Everything came out quick and tasted fresh. Enso is definitely trying to be up-scale and trendy.  In my eyes, that usually means expensive and over-rated.  I was definitely sticker-shocked when I got the menu and looking at the website now, I see that there's a lunch menu with a decent sushi special.  We weren't given that menu and I assume it's because we were dining on a weekend?  Either way, this place is pricey.  For Uptown, not sure what the other sushi options are but I'll look elsewhere before coming back to Enso.
4	Fresh sushi, wide variety of wine and swank vibe.  Word to the wise, this place gets busy!  This is a 'hip' spot to grab drinks and a quick bite.  That being said, the food is a little on the pricey side, as is the alcohol.  However, all the sushi I tried (salmon, albacore, tuna, spicy roll and edemame) was great.  The bartenders were also very friendly (I ate alone as I was visiting on business).  Solid food, just a bit pricey.
2	Poorly marked front door: walking in from the street, we first accidentally went to the kitchen door, then the odd bar door where the bar tender finally told us to go to the other side to find the hostess.  The sushi was fine... Just slightly above meh.  The waiter was far too zealous for a tip, interjected too often and reused the same lame joke.  The bill was certainly high for the meh quality of sushi.  To top it all off, an hour later, me and my wife developed simply raunchy gas; most certainly from the meh sushi.  PS, why is the only draft beer there also the most expensive?  Won't be returning.
2	Sushi is decent, nothing special. The atmosphere reminds me of "the claw" from the movie Date Night if anybody knows what I'm talking about. Too posh for its own good. Way overpriced in my opinion. Server was obnoxious with his lame offensive jokes. The only positive comment I have is that the lovely lychee martini I ordered was delicious.
4	Super tasty entrees, great for groups. And great for the location of midtown Charlotte, NC. I'd say  one of my favorite spots I'd go back over and over to bring friends.
3	As a city girl, I was so happy to find a restaurant with great atmosphere and healthy options in Charlotte. The pros:-Can get brown rice with any sushi-The Ginger salad is very good-They have a variety of "white people" sushi rolls with all kinds of sauces and junk in edition to sashimi for those that prefer the basics so there's something for everyone-Good atmosphere with plenty of room at the bar The Cons:-The Nigori saki is $9 a glass wtf. As a sushi restaurant, you should have a house version of this, as a saki sized glass is 3 sips, which is fine, but it should be less expensive, or you should offer a smaller bottle at a reasonable price (not $42). Holy crap. Maybe I'm spoiled in LA, but dang! No thanks. Disappointed. Please rectify this. -No Red Snapper sushi or sashimi-Bar service could be a little more attentive, as I asked for water 3 times while eating dinner, since I can't wash down my food with 1oz of saki, this needs to happen faster-My best friend's ex-husband goes on dates here (kidding! this has no effect on my review, as a matter of fact it provided the entertainment for the evening)Good job, guys, just please acquire a more affordable Nigori option so I can continue to eat here when I come to visit my friend. This should not be 5 times more expensive than the same thing in Beverly Hills. I look forward to coming back and updating my review feeling happier about my saki purchase!
3	The food was juicy and delicious... I got the Asian spiced steak and the fun thing was to eat it with the sticks. The mood was really good. I have been in better places, though, also with better prices.
1	I rarely write negative reviews. I usually give someone the benefit if the doubt, and if I have a bad experience no review is written. My experience at Enso was so disappointing that I am making an exception.  At the price point they inhabit, I would expect the food to be first rate. For example, nine dollars for two pieces of tuna usually warrants a thick, meaty cut. I was presented with a thin slice on poorly made rice. The ceviche lacked flavor. In general the size and quality of the portions nowhere reflected the price.
4	I love their crunchy toro roll and tyku sake! The bar area is always the best place to sit and eat!
4	Yum! Yum! Yum!But whoa - monies! monies! monies!The sushi was delicious, the atmosphere definitely lives up to the "uptown-swangy-style" of the epicenter, and the server was quite nice and accommodating to our questions and menu substitutions.*Best Tip of this place: not many options if you don't want some kind of mango, crab, or shrimp in your sushi - I myself love spicy tuna or salmon rolls - the simple basics; however here everything is a "speciality" type of roll. Almost everything we ordered we ended up altering or substituting something; which they were very accommodating to, but it's nice to have the staples of simple sushi available. Maybe this place was just too fancy for my simple tastebuds.
4	It was good a bit more pricey than I'm use to but good. Up north in DE u can get more sushi less money but this is the city.  The miso soup was good and tasty. I had the crunchy something with crab and the butterfly shrimp on a bed of rice. I was satisfied once finished and I would definitely go back. I had the combo 1 special $16 plus  tax another thing I'm not use to. Also, very nice inside.
2	The food was ok but the service was terrible. We went around 2:30pm and the place was dead. So you would think we would have attentive service, but no. Also we told them we had never been there before. So we were surprised when the service was so bad. After we got our food we hardly ever saw our waitress. I never even had my water refilled. The when we left the hostess and other worker she was talking to didn't even turn to tell us anything when we left. Not a good way to get us to come back.The only reason I gave it two stars was because the food was pretty good. A little expensive for the generic Chinese lunch specials.
4	As other has mentioned it is a bit pricey, however I don't find it anymore pricey than Nikkos. The shrimp wonton soup is delcious and I enjoy most of their rolls I have tried. Perfect spot to eat at before going out for the night. Wine selection is decent for a sushi bar.
2	Went there for lunch today, pretty empty, it is definitely a night spot instead. Sushi was fresh and very good, but I've never seen prices that high on sushi in the Charlotte market. Just because they are uptown they think they can charge 22$ for one 8 piece roll? And tuna nigiri for $9? I live in Ballantyne and the sushi is just as good, just as fresh, the atmosphere just as nice at several places we frequent, with prices that are even high for sushi, but not even close to what Enso charges for the same product. I think I'll stick those places. I won't return to Enso.
4	I  eat sushi at least once a week and I make it a point to try out different places. Clearly I am a sushi lover!!!  Enso takes the top of my list as my favorite sushi spot!  It really does taste as good as it looks. You can see and taste the difference in the quality. When I sit at one of the stools of their 20 person sushi bar, I always see the chefs cutting and filleting fresh fish. As a bonus: The sushi stays in tact as I always struggle to use chopsticks. HaHa :D  Now let me not forget to mention my favorite dish...SEABASS! Their seabass is always cooked to perfection and whenever my family comes in town and wants fresh seafood this is where I bring them! Great place for a date-night..They have a DJ on the weekends and great cocktails. Oh and Fellas, if you want to impress your lady friend, I would add this to your list. The prices are a little steep but it is located in the heart of uptown at the Epicenter.  I don't think anything uptown would be considered a cheap night out but it is an impressive place and worth the occasional splurge! I
3	I had previously been to Enso a couple other times and was not impressed, but for the review, decided to give it one more shot.  I still was not impressed.  it wasn't horrible, the fish tasted fresh, but the rice was undercooked.  I also ordered the sushi lunch special and asked for a soup.  The server tried to tell me it only came with a salad, so I asked if I could get a soup.  He then said it was being cooked.  I didn't know why he would try to tell me a salad was the only option and not just tell me the truth up front.  The prices are pretty high, so, for the price I think there are better options.
4	Good food, average service.
3	This place was cute and great. I like the decorations and the food was really good.
2	Having a location like the Epicenter dictates a certain aura of class and quality, and as a result, price. While Enso has a decent atmosphere, the quality is what is sincerely lacking. My wife and I went there for dinner with a large group and we were able to sample the flavors. We had two sushi rolls, a Thai curry dish, and a bottle of wine between the two of us and saw what others had. Of the two sushi rolls, the more expensive one was not nearly as good as the cheaper one. But when I say cheaper, $9 for a basic roll is EXPENSIVE. The specialty roll was $18, and most definitely not worth the money either. The Thai curry dish had some good ingredients, but the quality of the sauce was pretty gross. It was like they took a good yellow coconut curry and mixed in a bunch of corn starch to thicken it up into a chunky paste, which made me ask why... Furthermore, I asked them to make the dish extra spicy, which is pretty normal procedure at a Thai restaurant, but instead of adding some extra chili sauce or peppers while cooking, they gave me the standard dish and sprinkled red chili flakes all over the top. Another person at the table ordered the same dish, just not extra spicy, so I was able to see the difference. Frankly, I found it pretty insulting. In the end, despite the good atmosphere, the food was incredibly lackluster, and as a result, completely undeserving of the incredibly high price. There are plenty of better Japanese, Thai, and Chinese restaurants in the area. I'll be going to those instead. I won't miss the food, the price, or the classless kung fu movies being played on the wall. And just FYI, dim sum is a style of food, not an actual food item.
4	This place is pricey and crowded most nights. You certainly need a reservation if you are going on a Friday or Saturday night. The food was worth it however and the atmosphere really reminded me of a lot of places in NY. I order the sushi which was excellent and the large soup my cousin ordered she enjoyed very much. The waitress was extremely nice and helpful. I hate that they do not validate and it is a bit noisy. Its also a tad over priced for what you are getting, but I would go back on a few more occasions.
4	Been here several times. Mostly for bday dinner/special occasion. With that being said, service has always been acceptable (especially with big group). Last week 3 of us stopped in for a late night dinner at about 10pm. We sat at the bar. Service wasn't as good that night, our waitress had a tendency of going MIA, and the food took a long while to arrive given that we were only ordering sushi. In fact I didn't even see the sushi guys in front of us making them, so I'm not sure where they came from.As many have mentioned, this is not a cheap place to eat. However, I do give them credit. The nigiri pieces were fresh, of good size and not too much rice. I was told that they always have toro & uni, which are rare in Charlotte. We also had a bottle of sake that was very good (Ty Ku Black). While prices are higher, it is one of the better dining options in EpiCentre, especially late night (and extra star for that reason)
4	Went here for lunch. First timer. It reminded me a lot of Tao in Vegas, which means "swanky." Doubt if you'll see Britney Spears here though (thank God!). Anyway, I decided to save their sushi for another time, so I tried one of their grill dishes....the Mongolian Beef. We go there early so we didn't have to wait long (there were 6 of us). I opted for a side of their egg drop soup which was delicious....crispy won tons and delicious scallions.Then came the Mongolian Beef. First off, I was shocked at the large portion size in the plate! I thought it would be dainty....a lot of "fancy" places tend to provide tapas size portions. NOT HERE! All us big guys commented on the portion sizes....now on to the taste.The beef was fantastic! Very flavorful and TENDER! Two or three types of mushrooms and lots of green onions to go over white rice (my choice - I could have opted for fried). Really delicious flavors. Only "knock" is that the dish was lukewarm at best. I could hear my 85yo father yelling...."In the Depression food was always served HOT!" In fact, most of us had the same complaint. That would have really bothered me IF the food wasn't so good. But it WAS! One more slightly negative was that while the main portions were huge, they gave a very petite portion of rice! How odd...usually it's the other way around. But they did gladly give more if you asked so no big deal.Overall a really good lunch! As many have already commented, it's not the cheapest place in town for sure. But I have to say the food was worth it. I'll update this review when I try their sushi.....to see if they can best Sushi Guru in Southpark. So far nobody has......
3	I haven't been a fan in the past, but lunch today was a bit better than usual. Not a ton of vegetarian options. I previously tried veggie stir frys and a few veg sushi / maki rolls, which was all very average (especially considering the price ...$11-$18 for lunch). Today might start a new relationship with me and Enso. The ASHEVILLE ROLL is a lightly tempura fried rice paper roll filled with carrot, red pepper, broccolini, and maybe one other veggie. I do have a problem with sushi rolls that are too large to eat in one bite (why do this?! Cutting into two bites makes it all fall apart!). And the Asheville roll has this problem. But the plus side is that one roll would have been more than enough to fill me up, and it was delicious! At $12, it's on the pricier side for vegetarian sushi. A smaller, but more affordable $4 roll, was the AVOCADO AND PEANUT ROLL. I can only tolerate avocado or cream cheese in a roll if there's some other texture to balance the mushiness. The peanuts served that purpose. Overall, this was an interesting roll that I will definitely get again. The service was great. I've never seen this place have more than 3-4 tables filled at lunch. Seems like that can't be good, but it's nice for service.
1	This review won't help you one bit with the food at this establishment, since I never got to eat here. I was seated at a table, and waited upwards of twenty minutes for a server to just acknowledge me. Another table was seated after me, and got attention immediately. When I saw that a server wasn't going to come over, I got up and left. Poor service is usually indicative of bad food, but you will need to judge for yourself, if you actually make past just looking at the menu. Epic fail!
4	Definitely a hip and trendy spot in the epicenter. The speciality rolls are delicious as well as the cocktails.  This place is a little pricey but the food and service are always great!
1	If I could leave no stars then I would! Came in after NBA playoffs in Charlotte and it was empty. We had to wait to get a table and then wait forever for the server who was the most unfriendly I've encountered. My friend with me frequents this spot during lunch hour and raved about how good it was.. Well clearly the lunch staff doesn't work at night. The server was in a hurry to go nowhere. Food was mediocre at best. I could have gone to Soho Bistro and had great food for half the money.. Definitely my first and last time.. #awfultasteSTILLinmymouth
3	I went to enso for lunch the other day with one other person. The ginger salad was just like you would expect. The sushi really pretty but tasted just like typical sushi. The spider roll was awesome. As for atmosphere, it's way too dark inside and it's super swanky. The place is run by Americans and there is nothing authentic about it. We ended up spending $100 without any alcohol. It's pretty good but not worth the price. Head to New Zealand cafe for better sushi for half the price.
2	Went to Enso's for a friend's birthday.  His girlfriend had tried to make reservations for 7 or 7:30.  She was told that 8 was the earliest.  No big deal, except when we showed up at 7:30 it was not crowded at all and we were seated right away.  At our tables there were already glasses of water waiting.  However, they already had beads of condensation on them and the ice cubes had already melted.  I had ordered Pad Thai, not wanting sushi (for once), mistake.  The Pad Thai was horrible.  I can buy instant Pad Thai at an Asian Market that has more flavor.  My boyfriend ordered the Mongolian Beef, that was better than the Pad Thai, though that's not saying much.  There were A LOT of green onions.  One of our friend's order the Asian Pepper Steak, he could see the peppercorns.  The birthday man, ordered sushi.  He said he's had better, for less.  As far as the ambience, it was a little bizarre that they were showing a kung fu movie in the restaurant, some of the staff looked like they were wanting to sell more than what was on the menu.  The drinks were tasty, that's why I gave them 2 stars.  Over priced and most definitely not worth the hype. I'm pretty sure none of us will be going back.
1	Came in on a Saturday afternoon for a quick snack of what has been advertised as the "best sushi" in town but was totally underwhelmed. The service was slow and limited, the server kept disappearing for long periods of time. The sushi selection was not good at all, most rolls contains either cream cheese (ew!) or tempura. We found a roll that seemed like it would be ok (the Tom Tom) and it was tiny and flavorless for $17. The spicy tuna roll was not spicy at all. The sashimi was the only decent part, the "tuna" was ok, the octopus was average, and the salmon was good. I wasn't expecting Tsukiji fish market quality rolls, but I also did not expect crap.
1	Had the Asian ceviche and nigiri platter. The ceviche was tasteless and put in a food processor. Fish and All. It was awful. The nigiri rice fell apart and the waitress never once came back to ask how the meal away. Overpriced and not worth it. I don't care if it is in the epicenter. I will never eat there again.
4	Great Sushi!  Very fresh but a little pricey.  The place has an excellent ambiance...great for celebrations!  Location at the Epicenter is great, especially if you are planning to go out for drinks afterwards.
3	Came here for my boyfriend's sister's birthday and it's a very nice place. Love the atmosphere but everything on the menu can be found somewhere else for a better price. I'll only come here again for a date night
3	As I needed to stopover in Charlotte (who knew Charlotte Douglas International was such a major hub?), I found the nearest Japanese restaurant to my hotel. It was pretty loud, more formal than I had anticipated, and the food was alright. The waiters were quite attentive and helpful, and the sushi was quite fresh, though I think the miso soup was not made from scratch. Overall a decent place to get dinner, but probably wouldn't visit again on my next trip.
1	First, I've been here before. Speaking as a Los Angeles sushi snob, this place has the best (if not most expensive) sushi in Charlotte - that I've been to anyway.Today, lunchtime. 5 people in the place including me. Not 1, BUT 2! hostess looking females walked passed me (averting their eyes away from me) from the restaurant to the hostess stand - and back into the restaurant without acknowledging me AT ALL!! I took matters into my own hands and accosted the last one before she got away and asked if I could sit at the sushi bar, she said yes. Whew!Sat at the bar, waitress comes over, asks me what I would like to drink. I reply a large Sapporo. 3 mins later, she returns and says they are out of Sapporo. That's TOALLY understandable, as you are a restaurant that serves Japanese beer. How could you possibly be expected carry enough product so that you didn't run out? (To myself btw...).i told her I'd think about what I wanted to drink.She returns a couple of minutes later with menus and leaves. At this point I've heard 4 dance songs from the tunes above that equates to at least 20 mins since I've seen her last. To add insult to injury, she left me no pen with which to order my sushi. The sushi chefs are too preoccupied with their prep work to acknowledge me. I am alone here. "Manager please???"Manager, Eleanor approaches, listens kindly, offers to serve me herself. A very kind and generous offer. I decline, and just politely ask that the situation be addressed and rectified, as I would love to keep coming back to get more of the sushi that reminds me of home. Thx Eleanor. Good luck.
3	The Yum Yum roll was really good but the Spicy Tuna was a little weak. Service was good as well but I think you pay for ambiance.
3	Average to slightly above average sushi.
4	First. Nick our server was fantastic. His recommendation on out spicy pad Thai was fantastic. He's awesome. Our sushi rocked it out. Love the vibe in this place.
3	Great place, good sushi and great ambience! Love the atmosphere. A bit pricey but very worth it, also good drinks and appetizers and awesome presentation!
3	Ok for the money. However I haven't been overly impressed. Service is good and good is decent, just don't get the sense that it is worth it for the money. Get the rock shrimp - worth whatever they charge.
5	Absolutely love, love, love Jessica the server and Rob the manager is very accommodating. We come here every Wednesday and feel apart of the Enso family!
5	BEST SUSHI in CHARLOTTE!!!! Our server Laura was spectacular! Awesome atmosphere, great service, AND beautiful women! We will surely be back!
4	This one of my favorite places to visit when in Charlotte. The sushi is always good and never disappointing. I haven't tried too many things from the menu other than the sashimi and sushi rolls. Everything that comes from the kitchen looks delicious. On my last visit with friends, we started at the bar and were treated very well by Christina and Elton. My glass was never empty and they worked very well together. When we did eventually sit at a table, Marion was our server. She was very friendly, attentive and always smiling. She suggested a few things of the menu I hadn't had before and definitely enjoyed. All in all, I will definitely go back next time I'm in town. I always do.
3	Location - awesomeService - disappointing Drinks - yummy Sushi - pretty good, borderline very goodAppetizers - mehDessert - mehPrices - can't complain Wait times - decent Will I return - sure, why not? Done
4	Great sushi, friendly staff and comfortable environment. My waitress Chrissy was very friendly and extremely attentive.
5	Best start to a girls night! Service was great, food was fast and delicious. Our server Chrissy was professional and an absolute delight. Will be returning :-) *** try the spicy scallop roll- delicious :-)
4	Great sushi, good vibe and decent music. Had a sushi platter (Buddha something) which was great as a starter for 5 of us.Brooke was a pleasure, super friendly and generally really accommodating (even puts on a passable South African accent) Would definitely recommend the place.
1	Came here friday night and got seated right away at the sushi bar. They ran out of toro and do not have ume. They brought the wrong appetizer for my husband and the beer from tap seems flat. While enjoying our appetizer a server carrying a bunch of plates hit my husband on the back of his neck with all these dirty plates- No apologies and walks away! Food overpriced! Don't come here!
3	My fellow diners loved their seafood dishes. I wasn't crazy about my miso soup or vegetable tempura roll. The roll was a little cold and not as crispy as it should be. Very limited vegetarian fare. Cocktails are divine. The Kudzu-tini was fresh and bursting with cucumber/melon. The ambience is the major draw. Sexy, dimly booths with lit red leather banquets, high ceilings, and modern lifting fixtures interspersed with Asian inspired accoutrements throughout. Almost like a modern take on a British Colonial bar in Singapore. Very elegant and a great place to come on a first date.
3	The ambiance is very nice, but food is ok. I didn't think the food is that great. It is a nice spot to go on a date.
5	Everyone has that "place" in every city that when they are in the area they have to go there. Enso is that place for me and my husband. We've been to many high end restaurants in Charlotte and Enso has everything we want. The bartender Chris is extremely knowledgeable and provided extraordinary service. We had a few flights of Saki and he was able to give us a rundown of each one.  The mixed drinks were unique and thoughtfully put together! We also highly recommend the pan seared scallops which were prepared AMAZINGLY, very hard to find! Sushi great and music bumpin! We were able to speak with the manager, Sean, as well and his enthusiasm and receptiveness to our comments was on point. Prices were great for the quality of product provided. We will be back again!
3	The first time we went to Enso, the sushi rolls were so good we were floored.  It was a great night uptown all around, so maybe we were just living in the moment - this was a 5-star place for us.The last time, it came back down to earth.  It was a sunday night and largely unoccupied, but our rolls still took 25 minutes or so to be presented.  That was completely offset by our server, who offered a complimentary salad to make up for the wait.  Awesome, more than fair - one of our rolls was tempura anyway, no biggie.My wife had the miso soup, while I went with Egg Drop.  When the foodrunner brought it, he said 'soup of the day?' which was a red flag.  My egg drop did have egg, and fried noodles on top, but underneath it was largely some kind of unusual consistency - more like a chicken noodle soup than an egg drop.  The two conflicted and let to a pretty bad experience.Still the rolls are good, fish will be high quality, pretty big choice of rolls.  The biggest downsides here are a) the clubby music, if that bothers you, and b) high cost.  Two rolls, a free salad, two soups and a tea: $44.  But hey, its uptown, prime location, and focusing about 70% on ambiance, so whatever.
4	One of the best restaurants here in Charlotte,. Now, I'm Asian. So I know Asian food. I also know that a lot of Asians disagree with me because some food do not taste authentic. It's true; but only because they serve Korean, Chinese, Japanese, Thai, all types of Asian. They have chefs from Korea, Japan etc. but they don't get on shift 24/7. So if a Japanese is on shift, Galbi might not be the best. But even still, it tastes good. Say Pad Thai doesn't taste exactly like the ones they sell in Thailand, would you complain? No. I actually think people won't like it so much if it tastes exactly like the ones they sell in Bangkok. My favorite Asian beign Korean, of course, if I wanted to get Korean, I go to a Korean place.Enso is an 'Asian' Bistro. You will get good 'Asian' food. And it has an awesome bar with DJ's on the weekend. No one cares if you dance and yell out your name either drunk. Go, have fun!
4	We ordered miso soup ($5) and a lobster egg rolls ($16) for appetizers. I ordered a sake to drink ($6) for what was approx 2 ounces. I think the flavor was lychee but I cannot remember. For the main course we ordered two rolls-the Honey River and the Maryland. Honey River:  shrimp tempura, cucumber, avocado, krab, blue crab, spicy tuna, salmon, shrimp, spicy mayo, scallion, sesame, potato flake ($17)Maryland: spicy tuna, cucumber, krab, shrimp tempura, blue crab mix, Maryland crab cake, cream cheese, masago, sweet glaze, spicy mayo ($22)The food was all excellent in quality and taste. The rolls were appropriately sized. The sake was definitely the best I've ever had- fragrant and crisp in flavor. My only qualms are the food was a bit over priced, the sake was too small, and our waitress did not provide the greatest service. That being said I would definitely recommend this place because of the quality of food.
4	I decided to go to lunch today by myself because I was told the best sushi in uptown was there by my colleague. I was seated immediately, and service from Chrissy and Jayson was prompt and efficient. They were glad to stop and help me go through the menu to make my selection and their sushi recommendations were perfect. Even though the prices are quite steep I will most definitely be coming back.
5	Its hard to find good Asian food in Charlotte.  This place is great.  Trendy decor and great location.The shrimp wonton soup was loaded w shrimp and not greasy at all.  We also shared the 007 roll, chicken spring rolls, lettuce wraps and edamame.  Everything was fantastic and really fresh.Will definitely be back.
4	Went here for the first time!!! Had the Mongolian Beef with a side of fried rice. Overall my experience was GREAT! I don't think I'll be ordering the fried rice again, wasn't that's great...But the Mongolian Beef was AMAZING! Loved it
4	Jason Durant gave some incredible recommendations for the specialty rolls that really hit the spot! Good sushi, good service and great location!!!
2	Food was pretty poor. Service was also bad. Constantly being rushed to clear out. Would not recommend.
3	I've only had the sushi at Enso and it is very good. Interesting rolls and everything seems fresh. The service is good, but rushed. Late night is a little too hip for me but not a big deal.
5	I went here for dinner while visiting Charlotte, probably one of the best places to go on a weekend for dinner. I loved the ambiance, trendy decor, great music and good food. Definitely recommend for meeting up with your girls or even a date :)
