3	Pei Wei is a less  expensive version of P.F. Changs.  Most of them deliever and the food is better than your average Chinese take-out.  Chicken lettuce wraps and egg rolls are great options.
5	For Asian Fusion, which I don't necessarily agree with, this was an excellent place to eat.  Nice selection, nice prices, quick service.  It's an offshoot Of PF Chang's, kind of like their fast food brand, actually prefer it to the owners'.
3	It's hard to give a place more than 3 stars when the food is decent but you can get much better and more authentic for the same prices elsewhere. This is quality Chinese fast food, but it's uninspired and you feel like you're at a glorified McDonald's after more than 3 trips here. However, once in awhile McDonald's does hit the spot and Pei Wei may do just that for you as well.
4	Pei Wei is pretty good eats, and you always know what you are going to get.  The food is good quality, the place is well run, and it's clean.  They have a pretty good selection of veggie items, and I really like how they prepare tofu (it's like, baked & grilled... or something).  Plus, their orange iced-tea is really tasty.
3	visiting a friend in scottsdale we stopped here on the way to spend "football saturday" with her family...she likes this place said it was usually quick, full of flavor and easy to get to on the way to her parents.I definitely had to agree it definitely was pretty tasty chinese fast food. the noodle dish i ordered was full of flavor and spicy...which to me is always a plus.  the next time i visit AZ, i'll probably be making another stop here.only flaw was the staff, i know it was a slow time, saturday midday, but you could look a bit more friendly...
3	I make a real effort to avoid chains, but I can't stay away from this place.  We have one in KC and it is the perfect solution to a Sunday hangover.  Fresh, fast and clean....I feel good eating here.
3	What exactly is an asian diner?  I think thats some kind of oxy moron if you ask me... my new arizona pal and natalie g recomended this place to me on our business trip.  I was surprised that a chain like this could have halfway decent food.  I probably wouldnt eat here again by choice but it wasn't bad at all.
4	When I am in the mood for a little asian fusion I call on Pei Wei to bring me some cheap and good food. They have a little of everything and I have discovered that the best dish is a toss up between the Cream Cheese Rangoons and the Crispy Honey Shrimp. I love the self serve sauces and complimentary fortune cookies. I always go for two.
3	I must say, I do not really like thier food. But since they do not use any hydrogenated oils, I wanted to give them a shout out for doing it the right way
3	I went to Pei Wei last night for a casual girls' night dinner.  It was a perfect place for a group of girls to meet because of the following:-it's cheap-it's fast casual so each person pays their own bill and then sits down (no stress when the bill comes as is often the case with groups)-there is plenty to choose from on the menu-for those that are picky or dieting, they are great about special orders, sauce on the side, etc...That being said, Pei Wei is just average in my eyes; never my first choice of places to go, but I can always find something to eat... Last night I had the shrimp teriyaki bowl with brown rice.  The shrimp tasted like it came from the freezer (probably because it did), but the veggies, rice, and sauce were all pretty good.  I noticed they changed the menu a bit since my last visit, and a new 'special' is a Vietnamese Noodle Bowl - Pho type dish.  The chicken lettuce wraps and edamame are always safe bets and hopefully will remain on their menu forever.I'm sure I'll be back to Pei Wei because of the positive factors listed above - the concept is a good one, just don't compare it to a high end restaurant and enjoy it for what it is!PS - shout out to all the girls that came out last night - I had fun seeing all of you and can't wait for the next one!
2	Nothing special. the food I thought was too greasy and its definitely not an authentic place. Only went once and not going back
2	Ugh, this place is terrible!  It looks good, and it smells good, but it unfailingly ALWAYS disappoints!  I seriously have not had one dish that tasted close to right.  Its salty and very flavorful, but somehow it just tastes off.  I've tried a lot of dishes here too.
4	Great fast cooking Asian menu. Hot or cold food chemically and physically. My fav is the Pei Wei Spicy Chicken Salad. For a little kicked up performance, ask for a small serving of pot sticker sauce, then mix in i spoon red pepper, one spoon ginger, several drips of vinegar and hot oil (all of these ingredients are found at the service bar except the pot sticker oil you will have to ask a server for) and mix it all up. It's a great concoction you will love to kick things up. Generals chicken is also a fav.
4	You always liked P.f. Chang's, cause they're ok for 'americanized' chinese food, and 'cause they gots the gluten-free menu. But you wanted it faster and didn't want to need a reservation or dress up (at all). And, you wanted giant digital lcd screen menus like shit from 'Blade Runner'. Shazam-o! Pei Wei was born, conjured up fer you by the Chang-ers themselves.  ~ The end ~
1	Terrible. Two people, two lunches, one appetizer. The app, crab wontons, was delivered first and had a good flavorful sweet and sour sauce that I used to flavor the rest of my food. One star for the appetizer.I see that even though you may order your food on the same ticket as your date, the food comes out one at a time. Which meant that my food was delivered and since my date and I didn't care to share dishes we both sat there awkwardly waiting for his while my food got cold. "Spicy Korean" was neither spicy nor korean, nor did it have any flavor at all. But it had a shitload of carrots for all you rabbits out there. I find it amusing that garbage restaurants think a sprinkle of sesame seeds suddenly makes food "Korean." It doesn't and your marketing sucks. The crowning jewel of this fiasco came down to a competition between the Dan Dan Noodles and the birds. While I was attempting to choke down my too-soft spaghetti drowned in too much sugary-sweet brown sauce, little grisly bits of chicken and a handful of bean sprouts that I tried valiantly to save with some hot sauce (and failed miserably), the birds were stalking us. One bird attempted to make his domination attempt known to the other birds by yipping at them and following them around like a nagging old wife chasing her husband with a rolling pin. This continued as they waited for us to finish our food so that we could leave so that they could attack the leftovers. I eventually gave up on my food and just stopped eating; it was that bad. By the time we were finished and standing up to leave, no less than fifteen birds were advancing toward our table. We took the dirty, food-filled plates inside to turn them in but that didn't stop the birds from descending on the table in search of any bits of missed rice that may have fallen onto the ground.
2	This place is like a Panera Bread or Dickey's BBQ, one of those chain restaurants where you order at the counter and they bring your food to you your table.  It's a tad bit more "upscale" than a Panda Express (I said 'tad bit') but it's stil fast food.  And it is for sure an "American" Chinese hang out.I like the concept because it keeps costs down and you can get in and get out.... However, the food.... ohh... sooooo salty.  It's like licking a salt lick....  If you want to retain water for a good 2 days, go to this place!  I'd order the Korean beef stir fry and it was so salty, I had to drink 2 glasses of ice tea to calm myself... Now, I get to wear my fat jeans for awhile!
1	Got pei Wei take out for dinner.  UGH what happened to this place? Food use to be good.Crab Puffs I wouldn't even give to the dog.  Dan Dan noodles had no taste.  Got a chicken entree and it was just gross threw it out and ate a bowl of cereal.
3	This is my favorite Pei Wei. It is always clean and never too crowded. They also have a fantastic covered patio. I like the Mongolian beef or chicken and the Dan Dan noodles and my husband likes pretty much everything he tries here. They used to have a beef ramen bowl that was to die for but I guess it was only offered for a limited time. The food can be salty at times but I always enjoy it.
2	I've been to Pei Wei a couple of times over the last couple of weeks and probably about five times over the last year. I love the outdoor seating area and the orange slices you can put in your drink as well as the portion sizes. I also like that their dinners with a drink are about $10 dollars. I don't like the inconsistency of their food. I had Kung Pao chicken with white rice and it tasted good, especially for ten dollars. At the next visit,  the Kung Pao chicken seemed to be overcooked and just meh. This is like free throw shooting in basketball where two out of two free throws made will win the game. Sorry, one out of two doesn't get it done for me.
1	Horrible service!  It took them forever to answer the phone so I could place my To Go order.  When I took my food order home, it was incorrect.  So I called the restaurant only to be put on hold for 15min, with employees picking up the line on occasion to ask me to hold longer.  When I asked for the manager I was hung up on.  After another 5min. wait back on hold, I was finally able to speak to the manager.  He was nice enough to refund the price of the entree that was incorrect, however, I would still not recommend this location.  I have been to other Pei Wei locations in the Valley with much better service.
4	This review is for take out only.Whenever we have large family gatherings and we're in a pinch for some quick take-out, Pei Wei is our go-to restaurant.  The food is consistently good, the portions are big, and there's something  on the menu to please everybody, even my picky nephews.  I also really like their hearty brown rice, it's yummy and it makes for a nice alternative to the same ol' boring white rice most places offer.The take out service is better than most too.  The staff is super friendly and they always make sure we have plenty of extra sauces and fortune cookies.  Maybe it's because my family are regulars, but the staff at Pei Wei couldn't be nicer.  This last weekend we ordered food for 12+ people and they got everything right. Lastly, there's the value.  Considering how much food we carted away for take-out, we were surprised at how reasonable our tab was. Although we've never sat down for a meal in the restaurant, I highly recommend Pei Wei for take-out.
2	I have eaten their food for years now at several locations.  It usually tastes the same at all. DecentToday, my noodles were burnt. If I were to imagine what a melted plastic fork would taste like, this would be it.I stomached thru a few bites before doing the unthinkable.  I sent it back.  If an employee had not come by my table and asked if all was good I would have finished eating and left.The crab rangoons were good and I really like the chai vanilla tea.   My replacement meal was of the normally expected quality.I think today they had a bad chef.  My friend that went with me said his meal sucked too.I will eventually eat their food again but it won't be my sugestion to go.One possibility for the bad food could be this.  Two cops (police officers) were dining there too.  Perhaps we got their meals instead.  Many fast food places have a reputation of messing w/ cops orders.   Who has seen Super Troopers???
3	I have had Chinese food three times in the last two weeks.  Each time I ordered beef with broccoli, among other things.  It was prepared the best at Pei Wei.  The seasonings are just right here.Quick, priced right and plenty of fortune cookies.  What's not to like?
4	Pei Wei is consistently fresh, tasty, and a good value.This location is no different, and during the rainy storm of the century last week, it did the trick for a great lunch.I don 't know a ton about this area, so I can't help much, other than saying it's in a strip mall, surrounded by other retail stores. If you've been in one Pei Wei, you've essentially been in them all. The one strange thing with this location, is that near the drink section, there are a row of bar style seats. They are nice looking, but when people are sitting in them, they pretty much block the pathway from the beverage section to the main seating area. Weird.Anyway, if you are in need of a tasty, predictable lunch, this is a good spot.
4	There spicy ramen dish is delicious! Great food, fast service, great place to eat. Lunch is super busy around 12-12:30
5	Picked up lunch to go and brought it back poolsideWas great food and really quickMongolian beef is the best
4	This is a great place for a quick, healthy lunch.  I love going all veggie with the sauce on the side for a low cal alternative.  I love that it is quick and easy in and out.
4	Chain Schmain!  Pei Wei is awesome. At Pei Wei I can spend less than $10 and have a great lunch, bring my dog, relax and read a book in the shaded patio AND get myself unlimited refills of fountain drinks.  BTW, when you have access to a good soda fountain, do yourself a favor and mix in a little soda water with your diet coke. You can't taste the difference and it's much healthier for you.  According to my calculations, I have been here about 84 times now and my favorites are the Pad Thai with chicken and the sesame beef.
5	P.F. Chang's little sister serves up (almost) the same food, but at value prices. Hankering for delicious pan-Asian cuisine in an informal setting? Pei Wei is owned by the same company as P.F. Chang's China Bistro. Pei Wei provides much of the same menu, but in an informal setting with value prices. Stand in line, place and pay for your order. Get your beverage, condiments, and fortune cookies at the self-serve bar. By the time you've settled into your table, your piping hot, freshly cooked plates of happiness will be delivered to your table. My favorite is the Minced Chicken Lettuce Wraps, diced chicken, shiitake mushrooms, water chestnuts, and scallions, served with a side of cool lettuce leaves. Yes, it's an appetizer, but it makes an awesome meal too. Another top choice is their Asian Chopped Chicken Salad. It tastes fresh and crunchy with a tangy Asian flavor. While the lettuce wraps and the chopped salad are delicious, the added bonus is they're fairly low in calories. What a great way to enjoy a lot of mouth-watering flavors without blowing your diet plan.
4	This place does a great job!Last night, I really needed some sort of recovery food, and "Asian" was on my mind.Yes, this place is a chain, but who cares. If it's good, why not go. I'm Elite, not a pretentious moron. I placed my order to go from their Web site. The site is pretty easy to navigate and each item has a corresponding picture. The best part, was you could customize each dish without having to call and tell them. For example, I wanted each of my dishes, "spicy". This is the way on-line ordering should be.Then, I drove up to the location, and noticed there was a separate entrance for Pick Up orders. FANTASTIC! By the time I got to the counter, my food was ready, and packed neatly so that none of the sauces would spill. When I asked for chili and soy sauces, I got TONS. Also have a bunch of chopsticks now. Great job here. A+The food itself was fantastic. It wasn't like home-made, but then again, I wasn't looking for home-made. We split the Thai Dynamite Chicken (large chunks of chicken, delicious basil, no vegetables sadly), and the Chicken Japanese Chile Ramen (very spicy, delicious and perfect). Each dish is portioned for one person, so if you want "a la carte" or "family" style, tell them ahead of time so they can separate the rice or noodles for you.I can't wait to come back and dine in. The restaurant was a cafe and "Fast Casual" style. Clean, simple menu.Stan W. hit the nail on the head. "Chain Schmain!" A good place to eat, is a good place to eat, regardless of how many locations they have.
4	Excellent service and food.Very clean.Friendly folks.Beautiful patio
5	Love this location at Gainey Ranch! Great food consistently!
2	Forget the lettuce for my to go lettuce wraps once, shame on you. Forget them twice, shame on me. The third time and Pei Wei is officially dead to me. Awful service and I was promised a credit for my jacked up un-lettuce wraps that has yet to happen. And I tried to call. Three times. And all three times some airhead hung up on me. Unacceptable. Stay away!
4	Hey buddy, I was pleasantly surprised with this little joint. It was my first time at the rodeo, and the guy behind the counter explained everything on the menu so a little pigeon head like me could totally dig it. I chowed down on the Thai Dymamite with steamed chicken instead of fried, cuz momma don't need any more junk in the trunk. It was pretty good, brown rice of course of course. Not nearly spicy enough for sure. The spring roll appy was mighty tasty as well, crunchy and hot in all the right places. The style of the place is hard to pinpoint... It's not quite a chipotle, but not a sit down. You order and pay at the counter, they give you a number and then bring your comida to you. Easy peasy, lemon squeezy.Definitely, and I mean definitely, check out the ridiculous soda fountain. It will knock your ever living socks off.
3	While I like the food here, it seems like the service is just really hit and miss.  Just went a few nights ago, and after waiting 20 minutes for my food, I was informed they were out of what I ordered.  Then, they were out of forks and fortune cookies.  That being said, when they do have my order, the food is always fresh and flavorful.  The management seems to realize when there are issues, as they have provided free appetizers and such when we were unhappy.  Overall, a decent place, but might have to start trying other locations.
4	Quick, cheap and good eats.  A bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it.  Love the Pad Thai, all the diner select meals, & lettuce wraps.  Consistent in the their taste and freshness.
5	This was my first time at a Pei Wei and I was thoroughly impressed. I had the spicy chicken, my wife had the honey chicken, and both were excellent.Probably the most surprising was the vegetables. There were pea pods and carrots in the meal and they were perfectly cooked. Last but not least, the crab wontons, don't miss them, they are exceptional. More crab than any I've ever had before.The service here was also impressive. Since it was our first time it took us quite a while to order, and the cashier was very patient and helpful. The table attendant was also great, making sure we had everything, and very friendly. Don't know if all Pei Wei's will be this good, but my first experience was excellent.
3	This is a nice place for quickie food. Feels like a good variety for what they serve. my fave are the lettuce wraps because they're not quite so spicy. Some of the foof can be too salty, but I'll admit my tastes tend to be bland. quick service. it's a good standby
4	Our restaurant of choice for a take-out dinner.  Always good - and with many options
1	Epic fail for this Pei Wei. Came in 30 mins before closing to order food to go. Maybe the managers had left home because my bf saw two of the employees pick at the food that the cook was making. Health code violation for sure! Wish the employees were more cautious where they stuff their face. We didn't say anything, just took the food home. Definitely not returning to this one.
5	Pei Wei.  If you have been, you know it is 5 stars. It is always consistent, the Pei Wei Spicy is always good, and I have never heard a complaint. Love this restaurant.
4	My whole family likes it!  I'm not a fan of their pad Thai, but anything with their Teriyaki sauce is awesome.  I like getting Teriyaki tofu with vegetables over brown rice.  My husband gets the teriyaki stake with vegetables over white rice, which I thought was yummy too.  My kids like their kids meals, but I have them add veggies.  Friendly staff!
2	Went here for lunch on a work day. The food is good. Not fantastic just good. It's usually always busy at lunch time, so make sure to plan accordingly. In my opinion, the staff at this location were a little on the lackluster (borderline rude) side, but honestly, what can you expect from a "fast food" Asian diner. I ordered the crab wontons and the Thai-style lettuce wraps. The crab wontons were pretty good, but came on a plate that was drenched in sweet and sour sauce. They didn't have much crab taste to them (or much flavor at all), and were primarily cream cheese. The Thai lettuce wraps, in my opinion, are pretty sub-par to the original style, but they were still pretty decent. When I was there, there were two employees walking around clearing dishes and bussing tables who managed to get in a little bit of a heated argument while walking around, which wasn't the greatest show to eat to. But all in all, wasn't a deal breaker. I have more free lettuce wrap coupons, so of course I'll be back. It's a quick bite for Asian food. But if you're looking for a super quality Chinese/Asian place at really good prices, I would recommend Joyful Chinese (Mtn. View and Hayden) or Da Vang Vietnamese (19th Ave and Central)
4	You will not be disappointd. Deliscious entreys! Great place fo take out or eat in. Heat up leftovers the next day. Yummy
2	If you ask me? I thought this was awful and the cashier was a unfriendly. The caramel chicken was ok but the brown rice did not taste done to me..overall it's a nice comfortable setting.
3	I work right next to this place and I've been here a bunch of times so let me tell you what the deal is.A lot of people complain about this place because they say "Ooh the cashier was unfriendly" or "Oh the food wasn't like an asian master would prepare" well no kidding you big drungus, it's because you're at Pei Wei and it's like a fast food place if you wanted authentic asian experiences you screwed up already.Pei Wei is where you go if you want a bowl of noodles or rice and you want some stuff on top with a sauce.  Just order it and move down the line and if there's a table then sit at a table or maybe take it back to you office.  It's just food.  This location is pretty average in terms of speed and politeness, and the food seems to be cooked appropriately so what else do you want?Here's my PRO TIP: When you go to the place where the drinks are right after you order, get a fortune cookie, but slip it into your pocket, then at the end of the meal, go back and say outloud "Oh man I am going to get a fortune cookie" so they don't think you're taking two and then swipe a second one and eat it there.  They've got the most delicious fortune cookies and even though the messages are usually something stupid about sports like "Oh you're gonna have a good sportsball game tomorrow" you can still enjoy the cookie, and you've already swiped a second one to enjoy later so you're the real winner - sportsball or not.
4	The dishes are unusually large and are very good.  My wife and I were expecting a stereotypically fast food type of lunch, but were delighted to have quickly served, fresh-cooked, delicious food.  Highly recommend this place.
4	I wrote this restaurant off 2 years ago. The menu was boring and frankly the food was not good anymore. Last night my husband suggested we try it agin. I was reluctant but agreed. Boy am I glad we did. I ordered the pork egg roll and chicken teriyaki with brown rice. The egg roll was so good, the best I have had in years. The egg roll is large and served with a mustard sauce which is a great compliment to this egg roll...YUM!! The chicken was moist with the right amount of sauce and perfectly cooked veggies. The prices are very reasonable and the service was fast. Ok, I am back on board now. If you want to order take out, give yourself sufficient time as the takeout is very busy.
5	I have been eating Pei Wei for over 10+ years now, and this is my favorite location. Restaurant is clean, and the food is always top notch for its price.  The employees are all very friendly, and their is nothing like leaving happy.Thanks Pei Wei, you have exceeded my standards.
4	I'm giving Pei Wei four stars because if I really wanted authentic Asian, then I'd go somewhere else for authentic Asian.  Pei Wei isn't bad at all, especially if you know exactly what you want when you walk in and you know what you're getting for the money.  It's a "slightly slower fast food" joint (I don't put Pei Wei in the same category as McDonald's or BK, because it's not) and I have to throw Pei Wei a bone because they do offer plenty of vegetarian and gluten-free options.  Pei Wei is a go-to when I want carry-out and I want it simple and clean and I don't have to think too much about what I want.  I know it won't disappoint and I'll usually have leftovers for the next day (you shouldn't leave Pei Wei hungry, as the servings are only slightly smaller than a bass boat).  I'm not one to do Pei Wei every week, however it's not bad at all when I don't feel like cooking and just want to stay in with some good carry-out.
3	It was easy to order ahead online, and the food was ready when I got there, which was nice. The food is average/ok, but like another reviewer said... if you're looking for authentic Asian food, you already screwed up, lol.The first employee, a teen male, was aloof and didn't even greet me. A minute or two later, a second employee, another teen male, was helpful and friendly. Maybe things balance out?
5	This is the best Pei Wei establishment by far! Great food with professional staff who are quick to deliver your order whether it is to pick up or dine in. I've always had a great experience eating here! Recommend this place to eat any day, anytime!!!
4	I like to grab carryout from this location because they have a separate desk for it and they make my life easier. I also like that I can order online and pick up my meal in five minutes. The big bowls and super large meat portions aren't what I'm in for though, I typically get an order of the lettuce wraps and the hot and sour soup (very good). It's nothing ultra traditional Chinese, but it's cheaper than PF Changs and the same quality in a convenient location. Plus, fortune cookies.
4	I'm a big fan of the chicken salad rolls. This place is clean, the staff is attentive and I got my food fairly quickly. I'm a big fan of Pei Wei and this locations meets my expectations.
4	First off I would like to say that the overall layout of the restaurant is appealing, very cleanly, seating arrangement isn't too close together and depending on the weather the patio is always nice. The staff at this location is always very helpful and friendly, ordering online for this location is always awesome because your food is waiting for you when you get there. I know it's a minute detail but the front desk set up was a nice touch as well, makes it fairly easy and efficient to get people seated or on their way with a takeout order.If I had to suggest anything as far as food goes, Thai Dynamite Steak Wok, Steam it, Extra Spicy and Extra Vegetables. Couple with an order of the Chicken Salad rolls or Crab Wantons always work! Don't be afraid to grab a handful of fortune cookies, the staff here won't judge you, they just turn a blind eye to your addiction.. ;D
4	Good service good food. Starting to get used to the change in menus.  This location seems to be better than others
2	6:45 PM - So I ordered online, with the intent of picking it up a little takeout Pei Wei for my wife and some out-of-town friends before I take them to the airport. I got the email confirmation, but when I got to the restaurant I was told that there was some kind of computer snafu.  According to the young lady at the register, the manager had to restart the computer and apparently didn't receive some online orders. Even if you restart your computer, you still eventually get emails, so the explanation is a bit odd.  I was told they would take my order now and that the food would be ready in about 15 minutes. Fine, it's easier than starting over someplace else, but I'd rather be with my friends in these last few hours before they fly home across the country. I got a pretty weak, afterthought sorry from her as she was taking the order.  She did offer me a copy if I would like a soda while waiting. Other than that no discount, no consideration. I'm sitting here now waiting patiently for my order. I'll be interested to see how this resolves. My rating is pending. .........7:00 PM - I just got the food. I feel sorry for the young employee working the register. As a business owner myself I can tell that she obviously hasn't been trained properly how to handle situations that she can't change, but can make less inconvenient for the customer.  I can see the manager floating around, perhaps she hasn't been well trained either. At the moment there seems to be a lull with his workload, but it hasn't occurred to him to say anything to those of us who have had to patiently wait for orders. I wasn't the only one.
4	I order using the website which is very easy and you can customize your order. I would like to add comments to make my order extra-extra spicy though.This location has a separate area for order pick up and my orders are always available on time.  Chopsticks, utensils & soy sauce is offered for your bag.
