5	Al-Hana is the cafe located inside the Baiz Market that serves amazingly genuine middle eastern provisions ... this according to my fiancee who hails from Michigan, worked in a Middle Eastern restaurant while going to MSU, and considers it her favorite cuisine.  Wrap that into one giant grape leaf, and you have one crazed Middle Eastern food enthusiast.  We went here to pick up a few groceries and some take-out from the small cafe tucked in the front corner of the market.  I had already called 'dibs' on the chicken shawarma while on the short car-ride to East-Central Phoenix, and I fist-pumped in her face to let her know I just shook her down.  Um, no worries for her because she dominated the rest of that menu, ordering a falafel sandwich [in pita], za'atar bread [dipped in labne purchased at the back deli], and six veggie grape leaf rolls.  Lunch + leftovers = $20.All of it was fresh, delicious, and enormously stirring.  Their blends of spices and dips are phenomenal.  I considerably recommend Al-Hana as a quick stop for genuine M.E. grub.
5	Awesome Beef Shawarma. The chicken taook plate is just yummy and so filling. Cheap. Halal. They also have chicken shawarma, falafel shawarma and other plates. They do rotisserie chicken on site as well. Meat pies. Yumm... They have a wood burning oven where they make all their stuff. It is pretty cool to watch. Recently updated their eating area. Dont forget to get the Mango Lassi located behind you when you are ordering. While you are here, you can shop for fresh meat such as goat chops, beef, chicken, lamb e.t.c or groceries and spices. They have tons of choices in Indian spices as well as Mediterranean spices. They have a good selection of European Cheese and European Fine Goods. They also have fresh pita bread. We bring the pita bread home and throw them in the oven at 250 degrees for a few minutes and voila, you have pita chips to eat with your hummus.
4	I tend to forget about Middle Eastern food when I'm considering my dining options, but I have to thank Jason W - who invited me to try this little lunch spot in the Baiz Market - for reminding me of how satisfying and delicious (and in this case, affordable!) it can be. I met him and some other Yelpers to sample some of Al-Hana's wares and while there were a few strike-outs (specifically, the hummus, which didn't have enough garlic or lemon, and the tabloulleh, which had way too much parsley), the falafel sandwich, shwarma beef and chicken sandwiches (both with garlic sauce), and cheese pies were all so flavorful! And at $2.99 and $3.99 for the sandwiches and $.50 - $3.99 for the other sides, the lunch was also incredibly affordable. If you are ever in the area or work or live nearby, you should definitely check Al-Hana out. Given how affordable it is, you can have a savory and enjoyable lunch that really fills you up. If you have time after you finish eating, definitely take a few minutes to walk around the market - there are some real deals on Mediterranean staples, like 2-lb bags of dates for $3.99! One final note - there is a $10 minimum for debit/credit card usage, so bring cash.
4	A fellow yelper told me about this place, and I finally made it there a week or so ago. Since then, I can't seem to stay away- Sunday's venture was the third time in two weeks. What can I say? I like it. It's cheap, it's tasty, and it's fresh. No, you won't find the best middle eastern food in the world at Al-Hana, but you can't go wrong with a $3.99 chicken shwarma sandwich. The baba ghanoush is perfectly smoky, the hummus is ok. The chicken shwarma sandwich was really good, the falafel- not so much. Try the spinach pies. Maybe spinach isn't the first ingredient you'd like to find in a pie, but these will change your mind. Don't bother coming here if you're looking for a fancy sit down meal. It's completely no-frills, but completely tasty. One great thing to know about this place: They open at 9 am every day. Taboulleh for breakfast? Sure, why not?
4	Rather than continuing to repeat what is said in the other reviews, if you like Middle Eastern food, you'll love Al-Hana.It is fresh - made on the spot with Halal meats and fresh produce, the breads, wraps and pies all made from scratch and cooked there.It is inexpensive - the little pies start at 69 cents and most of the sandwiches are under $5. You can easily feed two for about $10.And it is good - all the fresh, homemade ingredients really come through in the flavors and textures, tasty meat, warm bread, crisp, fresh produce.I am definitely going to make eating at Al-Hana a habit. It sure beats the alternative of corporate chain restaurants, processed ingredients and assembly line packaged food.
5	How many curse words can I say in one sentence to describe how good this place is?Holy f*****g hell, this is the best g*****n thing I've ever f*****g eaten that only cost $4 and s**t, b***h, it is good!oh, seriously though, anyone who is a friend of mine knows I don't mind eating in a market in a neighborhood bordered by the projects. This place definitely fits that criteria. It's about 3 blocks north of Van Buren, on 20th street, across from the county hospital, and one of the most drug ridden project housing developments in the city. I don't care. The food here is absolutely delicious, and it is cheap cheap cheap.I just got home from another visit, and for the first time, I found something negative to say. The cute little hispanic girl that was running the cash register, said to me at 8pm, "we are closed dude" as I was finishing up my last bite and starting to get up and leave. Maybe next time I'll try to get there about 17 seconds earlier so I won't inconvenience you. Shwarma, hummus, kebab, kafta, etc. it doesn't matter, everything is all made from scratch, and when you order it, is amazingly delicious.
5	Have you ever tried the chicken rotisserie here? They go fast so you have to be lucky to get one unless you call ahead. Its not so much about the rotisserie chicken as it is about the amazing and creamy and smooth and exceptionally well balanced Garlic Sauce/spread they give you that goes along with the chicken. Have I told you how amazing this spread is. If only I knew the recipe...I would eat it by the tub...okay maybe by the spoonfuls. Anyway...try the chicken rotisserie or the chicken taook. Heck if you don't want to eat either of those things...just ask for some garlic sauce on the side with whatever you are eating. You will not be disappointed.
5	After reading the reviews I had to try this place so I took a friend today. We had beef and chicken shwarma, kebob, and 3 pies. Everything was really good and very inexpensive. The pita sandwiches are $4 and the pies 69 cents each so everything including drinks was under $20. While your there you HAVE to check out the store. They have some awesome stuff for really good prices. I had to get some olive oil and lamb chops becuase I couldn't pass up such a great deal and the meat looked very fresh.
5	This place has excellent shawarmas for a low price of $3.99.  I go here almost weekly and they are consistently good.  They have a $10 minimum for debit so bring cash.  Also, the store that they are connected to, Baiz Market, carries hookah supplies.  Phoenix needs more places like this.
5	Two words, super awesome.  Slightly more west of the 51 than I am normally comfortable traveling, but I was feeling adventurous, so glad.  So it's this little eatery tucked inside a market, no frills.  You order at the counter and they call you when it's ready.I had the whole rotisserie chicken which comes with pita, garlic sauce, and a huge plate of lettuce, pickles, and tomato.  Since I was being so adventurous, I opted for a soda.  Altogether, about $9.  The food was great, almost spectacular.  I literally ate the ENTIRE chicken with most of the extras.  It was that good.  My dining partner has the Iraqi Plate, which looked amazing, and judging by the amount of conversation (nil), I can only conclude that it was delicious as well.I can't wait to try more things here and eagerly await my next visit!  Oh, and if you're looking for desert, you can walk outside the market and hang a right or left and pick up some crack, heroin, or maybe even a lady-friend for a few minutes of after-dinner relaxation in a nearby alley.
5	What a gem!!!! I tried this place for the first time yesterday, and we ended up going back again today!!! The Chicken Schwarma sandwiches are awesome. The hummus is great, and the Chicken Tahook with garlic sauce is going to be the death of me (in a good way)  The food is in expensive (we paid 15 bucks for a chicken tahook plate (great chicken skewers served with pickles, hummus, pita and garlic sauce) a chicken schwarma sandwich, a small lamb meat pie, small cheese pie and a large spinach pie. Needless to say I"m speaking from a bread coma right now, but it's well worth it!! Do yourself a favor, this place is great!
2	8/20This grocery-slash-eatery reminds me more of Cafe Istanbul in terms of its lighter traffic than that of Haji-Baba's eatery and market.  Some of the items on the shelves had a light blanket of dust...Ordered the beef kabob (2 pcs.) platter, with lettuce, onions, hummus, and two pitas.  The kabobs were tasty, even though they were slightly overdone in temperature.  Liked the pitas, disliked the hummus.  I couldn't taste any flavors from the chickpeas, tahini, or spices.  Just that of an oil I couldn't even place its origin.  As I was finishing up the kabobs and pita, I spied two young men enjoying their beef shawarmas, so I ordered one to-go.  Got into my car and couldn't wait to have a bite...  I should've gone with my first choice (of beef shawarma)- this was a very tasty selection.  I'd come back to order it again.I also enjoyed a Lebanese baked dessert, almost cake-like, with two distinct layers- slightly sweet cheese, reminiscent of dried-out ricotta and cream cheese, on the bottom and golden-orange wheat (semolina?), topped with crushed pistachios.  A side sauce dish of simple syrup accompanied the dessert.  I had asked the woman behind the counter two times what the dish was called, and she didn't sound too confident in telling me that she knew it as "shmeer."  (It's the closest thing I could decipher.  Perhaps "shmeed" might be a better word... can anyone help me?)  The ff. is the closest image I found to what I think I had.  (If so, then my dessert was missing the ashtar topping, a type of clotted cream, pictured below.)  The dessert I bought doesn't even come close to approaching the wow factor of this link's image... Kanefe/Knefeh.http://grabyourfork.blogspot.com/2007/08/rabeih-sweets-punchbowl.html
5	Just off the 10 freeway in Phoenix, past the Cheech n Chong looking chop-shop, beyond the unsavory, indigent-from-poor-decisions addict looking for a quick fix, ahead of the prison like barbwire engulfing the area, a little further then "Alamo (and yes, probably a bullet hole or many) Beer & Wine" quick shop, rests an unseemly building: Baiz Market. The inside of this establishment is not any better so disregard any hackneyed phrases--"don't judge a book by it's cover"--for now. There is a lite smell reminiscing one of there grandparents cold, dark, musty cellar; and do not expect a warm greeting like the one received from former-convicts at the entrance way of Fry's. The floors match the smell, looking like they have taken a fifty or sixty year beating; and, yes, on the non-perishable items there is some dust. But their ripe produce, tasty deserts, just-chopped meats are definitely worth the trip; also within this repelling at first hub for commodities, sits an eatery to the left from the entrance: Al Hana, the orgasm in your mouth.  Once free of unfavorable feelings, casually walk (nothing to fear, unless you are afraid of rockin' taste) over to the counter of Al Hana's; and order some unforgettable Mediterranian cuisine. We recommend the Shafta or the Shwarma (beef or chicken) with the garlic sauce, wow! Their pitas are made fresh in the "red-brick" (you'll get it later; but you have to try it) oven; their hummus tastes how really Hummus should. Also, try their pies (basically pita pizza)--cheese or meat. Everything we ate--shafta, shwarma, hummus with a grip of pita, 1 large cheese pie, 1 small meat pie, a can of pineapple soda (with really sugar) and a can of grape soda (also not corn syrup)--totaled to only $17.46. True story. So word to the wise, let go, try it, wolf-down a shafta or shwarma pita burrito (for only $4.99 each) because haste does not lack taste. Side note: their saffron is $24 for 4.5g (best deal around here we have seen).
4	After Yelp Office Hours on Tuesday (Thanks Again Gabi! :-), Mr. K, Brian S and I decided that we needed lunch...were to go?...were...to...go?We were sort of in the neighborhood of Al-Hana, (OK, not really, but close enough) and it won out over some of the other suggestions...and I'm glad it did:)We all like discovering new places and this little spot takes some discovering:)If you don't know that it's inside Baiz market, you will never discover Al-Hana...and that would be a shame:)Much like the cafe at Ranch Market (just up the street) this little cafe is a genuine delight embedded in this small grocery market (with, apparently, no end of interesting food items and sundries in its aisles:)One of the more interesting things I noted, during our visit, was the sizable inventory of hookah's, under lock and key, in the front of the store:)They must have 50 of these things in stock!I'm not a hookah marketing expert, but if asked about inventory management of hookah's, I would have said "hold on there, Earl, I think 3 or 4 hookah's in stock is plenty" :-)So, imagine my surprise and delight, when, during a one hour lunch, I saw 2 of these water pipes walk out the door, accompanied by all sorts of tobacco cans, and other paraphenalia:)And, these hookah's aren't cheap...sticker price looks to be around $200 for the low end models (I really can't tell high end from low end, with hookah's...I'm just going with size as the differentiator:-)What is cheap at Al-Hana/Baiz is lunch...cheap and delightful:)I had Chicken Shawarma and fries (I know...intriguing combo:)...quite tasty:)I got a chance to sample Brian's Hummus and Babaghannuj and I looked over the menu for future visits...because there will be future visits:)The menu includes kabob's, whole roasted chickens, delightful little meat pies ($.69 each...wow!:), and whole host of middle eastern delights...and fries:)And last, but not least, the staff at Al-Hana is so friendly, smiling and eager to please:)It's a stark contrast to the places that think it's enough to just take your order and toss your food at you...the nice people that took care of me just didn't stop smiling the entire time I was there...and I didn't even have spinach in my teeth...this time:)Half-way between Roosevelt and Van Buren on 20th St.It's worth making the trip:)
4	I finally made my way to the market and Al-Hana yesterday for a lunchtime feast. I ordered WAY too much for myself and 2 co-workers but everything was just as I remember from my childhood (of eating things most other kids wouldn't). I thought the dolmas in particular had a great consistency, density and flavor. my boss loved the meat and cheese pies, the hummus was nice, not too thick like pre-made hummus, and the babaghannouj was blended to perfection. I spent $27 on what turned out to be 5+ meals. YUM! Al-Hana I adore you!
5	I feel a little funny granting five stars, since that kind of rave implies everyone will love Al Hana - and I dont think that's true.  It helps to leave one's Scottsdale or Camelback corridor preconceptions in the parking lot, in order to find treasure within the area blight, and indeed, within the gray, dreary walls of Baiz Market. If you approach Al Hana with a traveler's sense of wonder, however, this establishment is very cool.  The market is fascinating, especially the tiny bakery and butcher area in the back. The restaurant is more of a simple counter, no frills and limited menu, but rates an objective five stars based on food quality, value and service.  Delicious, cheap, and the young lady who helped us was very nice.  I dont need a sorbet course to give it five stars. Maybe it's different during lunch hour, but at 5:30pm we were the only Anglos in this fairly large neighborhood facility.  Many women in hijabs and abayas.  Young men of varied Middle Eastern persuasion. In most respects, it felt like a market half way around the world.  Iraq or Jordan maybe.  Not every Arizonan's cup of tea, perhaps, but for foodophiles and the culturally curious, definitely recommended.
5	"Do you like Middle Eastern food?" This question started my impromptu tour of Cool Places I Didn't Know Existed in Phoenix.  Uh, wait... where are we?  A grocery store?  I like it!Al-Hana is located within Baiz Market - if you didn't know that, you would probably never find it.  Walking inside, I was immediately taken with the scent of exotic spices, and the interesting combination of hookahs and religious artwork for sale.  I could have spent way longer lingering in the aisles - they have items that I haven't seen elsewhere, and at very reasonable prices.    The dining area is a simple order-at-the-counter setup, with a small collection of tables and chairs.  It is easy to see that everything is made fresh on-site, since the brick oven is right behind the counter and you can watch the goodness happen.  Ooohhh... the food...  babaghannuj with fresh pita, chicken shawarma, and adorable meat pies.  Oh yes!  The more I ate, the happier I was.  By the end, I was smiling and waving at the guys working the brick oven.  You are awesome!  Oh, and the whole table full of delights was only $12...  Too bad I ran out of stomach real estate (and was actually stuffed for the rest of the day) - so many other things I want to try and buy...  little pies that look like pizza... baklava (OK, actually the entire dessert case in the back of the store)... and the cheese, glorious cheese!This makes me wonder, what other hidden gems are out there, waiting to be found?
5	Oh Al-Hana, your garlic sauce will be the end of me. This little spot in the Baiz Market is not located in the best part of town but is truly a gem. My husband loves their schwarma sandwiches and I always get the chicken ta-ook (I apologize profusely for the atrocious spelling). I also love the tabouli. We have also had their meat and cheese pies which are pretty good. They have really good hummus and babaganoush. The garlic sauce that comes with it is to die for and I always want to eat ungodly amounts of it. Pita bread and garlic sauce...that could be my meal in itself. Love it. I always like picking up a packages of pita bread while we are there. I think we spend less than $1 for a pack of 6 pitas. Crazy cheap! Would I go to Baiz to buy groceries? Not so much but we definitely make the drive for Al-Hana.
4	I went with a few friends and we split a few dishes, so I got to try a good amount of stuff.  Here goes:beef shawarma - Very, very good.  Only about $4, so it was tasty and well priced.flafel sandwich - Also good.  Falafel is incredibly hard to make well, and there's is pretty damn good.  Not the best I've ever had (that was at a street market in Amsterdam), but it was still much better than most.baba ganoush - like falafel, this is also very difficult to get right.  Any idiot can make a decent hummus, but baba is tough.  Theirs has excellent flavor, but it was served too cold.  I like it to be a bit chilled, slightly below room temp, but this was straight-up cold.  I don't know if they always do it this way, but this was my experience.meat pie - this was okay, nothing too special.  It was pretty cheap, so I guess I can't complain too much.  Oh, the garlic sauce was frickin' amazing.  An absolute must have!other notes:  since it's a market, you're better off buying your drink in the market side.  1 bottle of water from the cooler next to the food register was $1.50, but a package of 24 bottles of water from the market was ~$5.  You decide.
3	It is a hidden place you would never know about, but really is it worth knowing? I went here for lunch with my coworker who took some convincing. We walked in the front door of the market and saw the menu. We took some time staring at it as we expect to see a few more options. I opted for the falafil sandwich $2.99 and a side of fires for 1.99. I also purchased a juice from the market side of the store. While our food was prepared we walked the isles of this market. We enjoyed seeing the alien to us foods. Our number was called out and our food was waiting for us on the counter. We picked up and then unwrapped it. My first surprise was the bread, it was not a pita, peta nor lafa it was some other form of thin flatbread. Along with my falafel there was a salad of pickles and other pickled vegetables some were shades of neon purple and ample sauce. The falafel was a bit too firm for me, and the flat bread was not my favorite but the salad part was good. My coworker did really enjoy his chicken shwarma calling it "damn awesome"They did lack the condiments I wanted as some hot sauce would have been appreciated. The fries were a bit undercooked, unsalted and we lacked ketchup.Overall it was a cheap decent meal, but the location, ambiance and lack of cups of water or fountain drinks lowered my score.
4	I went back here today with the same cowoker as last time.This time things were a bit more user friendly. We were offered a full print menul to look at by the register, this listed everything and described it.I went with the flafil, at 2.99 it is a bargain, and a "cheese pie" as the name just spoke to me.The Flafil was decent, the flat bread is not my favorite but for 2.99 its a good filling meal.  The cheese pie is best described as sauceless pizza, cheesy bread etc. It was good, the cheese was nicely melted and browned and the crust was good and chewy. at 1.99 is a great addition to any meal.My coworker loves the fries for some reason. He also tried a mint yogurt drink. It may have been bad (but the date said it was good). Maybe that is just the taste, either way it tasted like bad milk wit a mint after taste.
1	What is the hype people????I went here for lunch after seeing all the awesome  reviews, but I was disappointed. First, the menu is very hard to understand (see the pic that someone posted). I ordered the chicken shwarma sandwich and hummus platter. There isn't much of a drink selection in the tiny fridge. For soda, all they had was the cans and they charged $1.00 for them. Later, while I was eating I noticed a lot of people were buying their drinks from the market, then coming over to order their food (pain in the ass if you ask me). Anyhow, so I was only 1 of a few people there and the food took quite a while. When they finally called my order I went up and asked for the "garlic sauce" that I heard so much about on here and the lady said it would cost $1.00. I said nevermind because I wasn't going to pay that for a small container of condiment! I was surprised at how small the sandwich was. It wasn't  impressive either. Just a grilled flatbread with a few pieces of  chicken, a few tomato slices, lettuce, and a little sauce. In my opinion this wasn't worth 3.99, but more worth 2.50 or something because of its size and how little filling there was.The hummus was good, but  nothing spectacular. This place is also in a dodgy part of town right across from project housing...literally right across the street. The market was pretty cool though and I'll prob return (during the daylight of course) for some olives, olive oil, and pita. BUT will skip out on dining here.
5	Ben B. and I visited Al-Hana after a tiresome IKEA outing and BABA-GODDAMN this stuff is YUMMY AS HELL. We nearly stuffed ourselves to capacity on the smoky babaganoush and hummus. We had the chicken shawarma and Ben had something with spiced beef in it... the name lasted on my tongue about as long as the food, can't remember it, so sorry.Nothing over 3.99. Seriously. You must.
5	I love to gfrab a bite and then shop here.  The falafel wrap is great.   Price is amazing for such a filling item.  My husband and I like to eat a few of the items when they come fresh out of the oven.  Everything tastes homeade.  The market has the best persian cucumbers, veggies, and fresh meat.  We like the Turkish jams and other Turkish products.  The soap assortment is also really neat!  I give these out as gifts and everyone loves them.
5	Let me start off by saying that I love this place. They have wonderful food, fantastic prices and are located within the Baiz Market (which I also love).I grew up pretty spoiled in Chicago when it came to Middle Eastern food, and I was a little sad when I moved out to Phoenix. Don't get me wrong, there are some great spots out here for Middle Eastern grub, but it's nothing like it is back in Chi. Al-Hana though is where it's at.There Baba is probably the best I've had and I love that they had fresh bread from the bakery to serve with anything you order. I was blown away by their sandwiches as well. I've always been used to the pita boat style of sandwich, but at Al-Hana they prepare it like a wrap that's then grilled for a bit to make it crispy. That was new and an incredible treat for me.If you're a fan of Middle Eastern food and can make the trip, you kinda need to pay your respects to this place.
5	Al-Hana makes me sad for one reason: I am so in love with the falafel that I still haven't had a chance to try their world-famous cheese pizza thingies.For the uninitiated, Al-Hana is the restaurant that occupies one corner of Baiz Market, the amazing Middle Eastern grocery at 20th and Roosevelt.If you want amazing food, period, you gotta eat here. The pitas are baked in-house and they are amazing. flavorful, soft, just chewy enough, and perfect. The falafel is seasoned perfectly and fried to a crunchy perfection. The babaganouj is impressive, as is the Hummus. The only thing I am not 100% in love with is the Tabbouleh, which is just a tad short on lemon flavor for my taste. If you're feeling like a salad, I would recommend the fettoush salad instead, as it is an unexpected delight.The set up is a bit on the disorganized side: The menu board is an incomprehensible mess, so you're better off asking for a menu, or even better, describing what you want to the helpful staff. The food does take a bit of time, so feel free to explore the market while you wait.Al-Hana is a great place to take people who think that Phoenix is just a city full of Macaroni Grills and Cheesecake Factories. They will be surprised at what unique, authentic spots we have here in town....but you might want to warn them about the whole goat in the butcher department first.
3	i have to admit that i am a fan of haji-baba's falafel. a big fan. a big, huge fan. that being said, this was not haji-baba's falafel sandwich. it was slightly dry, had floursecent pink pickles (i think they were pickles) and the falafel balls were mushy - not crispy on the outside. based on other reviewers' recommendations, i ordered a side of garlic sauce. it was definitely garlicky and good, though the mayo-like consistency was a little bizarre. the pita bread was good and hummus delicious. despite this, my craving for falafel went unsatisfied.
5	OK, I'm not used to getting so much tasty food for so cheap. Another rare gem found through yelp! While some of the reviews described an eatery that seemed to good to be true, I've never been disappointed by any establishment recommended by my fellow reviewers so I knew I was in for a treat. And boy, what a treat is was! The babaganooj was the best I've ever had, the beef kebab sandwich was really delicious and so substantial that I almost regretted having ordered other things. I wish I could remember the name of the dessert we had (I'll have it again anyway, when I return) but the cheese, the crushed pistachio nuts and the syrup made for a really rich heavenly delight. Another place that I'm kind of glad isn't too near where I live ... otherwise I'd be constantly overeating.
4	Thanks to a recent post on the "Downtown Phoenix Journal" blog by Justin Lee regarding cheap eats (11/4), I decided to give this place a try as I pretty much agreed with his other choices.As I've previously been told many times, 'don't you ever get tired of hummus?', and apparently the answer is 'no'. Even though I had leftover hummus from Switch from the night before, I was not to be deterred from trying a new source relatively close to home (especially since Pita Jungle doesn't seem to want to open up in my lifetime, although the rumor is any day now). Sure enough at lunchtime, the place was not too crowded, but did do a solid and steady business. The girl behind the counter was extremely helpful and nice when asking for suggestions. Her's was the chicken shawarma, so off we went!  Of course, the crux of the story was to also get some hummus, which she mentioned didn't come with the sandwich, so I'd have to order separately. No prob, mate, its all good, so of course, let's get a small side.My number gets called and the shawarma comes out more like a wrap, and the 'small' hummus was the size of a 12" dixie plate - fantastic!!Net/net - the sandwich was solid and hummus was great.The kicker is that its inside the grocery, so you get to do a little shopping for middle eastern coffee, turkish delights, cookies, etc., as a side benefit.
4	Yum! Finally after having enjoyed the Biaz Market for several select items I stopped in the other day just to try the food at Al-Hana.I ordered 2 fried kibbeh (deep fried football shaped Bulgar wheat crust stuffed with seasoned lamb/beef) and the chicken schwarma. I have to say that this is some of the best kibbeh I have had and the schwarma was quite tasty as well. I really need to go back soon to try other items they had. Plus I can not be without the Namoura or Zoolbia Bamieh they have in their bakery for long.
4	Tip and tricks, that is the key.I love pita and hummus, And the do offer this at Al-hana, however do not forget where you are, AT A GROCERY STORE. for .99 you can get a bag (5 or6) fresh still warm large pitas. Then for ~1.50 you can buy a can of hummus.  so for less than $3 you can have a huge amount of this to have with your meal.As always I opt for the falafel sandwich which at 2.99 is a great deal but a bit small alone.They do have hot sauce I found, but it is just franks red hot sauce, and it overwhelms the flavors of your food.Try a Thyme (zatar) pie. for .99 it packs a huge flavor punch.I recommend brining a bottle of water as there is no fountain for drinks here.
4	I was already headed to Baiz Market to go to Al Hana for lunch, was craving a shawarma sandwich.  Wanted something out side of the normal lunch foods other coworkers were coming in with.  Since I still have some time before I could clock off for lunch I looked up Al Hana on Yelp and boy was I happy I did! I already knew that Al Hana is just a corner in the Baiz Market and that the sitting area was small but great food comes out of that little corner! Yes the menu is on the wall and kinda lacking in details, but the cashier behind the counter is very helpful in explaining what the items are.I normally get the falafel sandwich, but I had read many reviews who all stated that the cheese pie was worth a try and once I saw it was only $1.99 I thought why not! I had talked my coworker into giving it a try, so I had placed our order, 2 chicken shawarmas, priced at $3.99 a piece and 2 of the cheese pies, 2 meals under 15 bucks!   While waiting for the food to be ready, I walked to the back of the market and got a tray of deserts to share with the office.  Man I cannot get enough of them little treats! The phyllo dough, crushed nuts and honey!! Oh that is heaven! Picked up my order and headed back to work.   The chicken shawarma was very delish! Chicken, tomatoes, onions, Arabic pickles and creamy garlic sauce wrapped in a fresh pita! Let me tell you I can eat pitas with just the garlic sauce, it is soo good!The cheese pies, which is more like a pita with cheese was fabulous! It's just bread, but that doesn't quite describe it correctly, with cheese melted on top, so simple but yet so dang good!  My coworker even was happy with his lunch and it was his 1st time, he dug the garlic sauce too!  One day I will try the other items they offer. Look forward to going back.
3	Holy price increases value man! We knew something was up when the faithful menu board was down, there are new glossy printed menus, with new higher prices to match. The falafel is now 4.49 up from 2.99 a 50% increase. Most other items went up by $1 to $1.50For that price the falafel is rather small and does not include any sides.I still like the overall quality and taste of the food but the value factor bottomed out with this one move.One a positive note we finally found a can of hummus on the grocery side that is good, and the fresh bags of pita are still .99 so you can still have a ton of pita and humus for $2.50 or less.
4	Good food and inexpensive.  The market is worth walking through while you wait.
5	This place is great. Hummus was awesome. Just a great all around place for Middle Eastern. The market is great too. Great to pass the time looking around while you wait for your food
4	The City of Angles, Los Angles, has to be one of my favorite foodie destinations. Pretty much every food trend over the past 5 years or so has its epicenter in LA. From Korean style frozen yogurt to cupcakes and now food trucks, the people of LA know a good thing when they taste it. While all of these trends have some how made their way to the Valley of the Sun, there's one thing that I've never been able to find here, garlic sauce like the one that's served at the LA institution Zankou Chicken.  If you've heard of Zankou and its amazing Lebanese chicken and tangy fluffy garlic sauce you know exactly what I mean when I say it's ethereal. For those who've never tried it either pack an overnight bag and head to LA or drive down to 20th Street and Van Buren to Al-Hana inside of Baiz market, its the closest thing to Zankou Chicken in Phoenix and its close location makes it even better.The area located around Baiz Market might seem a little rough around the edges but the market itself is clean, well lit and packed with all sorts of interesting Middle Eastern grocery items from dairy and fresh produce to meat and hookah paraphernalia. Tucked in the corner of the market is Al-Hana, a postage stamp sized restaurant specializing in, you guessed it Middle Eastern cooking. While the offerings might seem typical the flavors are bold and shouldn't be missed. The creamy roasted eggplant dip Babaghannuj ($4.49) had a smokiness usually not found in many other places. Al-Hana leaves their version thick and chunky with just the right amount of olive oil drizzled over the top. Ordering the Falafel Plate ($5.99) will get you 6 deep fried cumin scented pucks of ground chickpeas and fava beans. Pile a couple of these onto a freshly baked pita, slather with tahini and enjoy the crunch. Id also highly recommend the Labneh Pie ($2.99) which is filled with labneh, a Lebanese cream cheese, onions and tomatoes all baked in a light tender crust. The main dish for me was of course the Whole Roasted Chicken ($9.99). It comes with pita, pickles and garlic sauce. The chicken itself is so well seasoned and juicy it would seem like a crime to adorn it with anything until you get some garlic sauce on it. The texture is light and fluffy, almost like a garlicky mayonnaise. After one taste you might ask them for another container, seriously delicious. After a wonderful meal you'd think there wouldn't be enough room left for desert, but my rule is there's always room. With that I sauntered to the back of Baiz Market where their in store bakery is located, most of the case filled delights are around $2 each including a flaky syrup soaked baklava. While I love LA, knowing that I don't have to drive 300 miles to get my garlic sauce fix makes the drive across town all the tastier. Al-Hana inside Baiz MarketOpen Daily
4	Came with my hubby and a friend, we ordered two entrees and hummus to share.  Chicken Kofta sandwich (aka pita wrap)  was awesome.  It's rare to find ground meat - even chicken - that doesn't taste like it's bathed in oil and fat.  This had great spiced flavor and tasted fresh and light.  Not crazy about the garlic sauce (it's clumpy and a little bland...tastes almost like regular butter to me), so I just dipped mine strait into the hummus instead. Yum!!Prices were reasonable. 5 dollar wrap, and 4 for a "small" side of hummus that's more than enough to share.  Will definitely be coming back to try the falafel and take a look around the market.  (We took a peek at the deli while waiting for our food, and the fresh lamb looked outstanding!)And IMO the surrounding neighborhood doesn't seem that sketchy to me.  Across the street from a park and some apartments that look pretty well-kept and clean.  I'm rolling my eyes big-time at some of the previous reviewers, here...
4	Great place. I love going to restaurants inside of markets...is it just me or is the food almost always better? The only downside is I always spend more than I anticipated because I start browsing the store while I wait for my food. The meat section is not for the faint of heart. There are whole lamb heads!The babaganoush is so good! It has great flavor and texture...little mushy bits of eggplant come up every so often. I also love the chicken shwarma with garlic sauce and pickles. The meat, cheese, and spinach pies are a great little appetizer. To be honest, it's hard to go wrong here--I have yet to order something I didn't thoroughly enjoy!
3	I've been to Al-Hana at the Baiz Market several times and the consistency of the quality of their food, portion sizes and some of the pricing has changed but going in the wrong direction.  It still an A-OK place to go, but it used to 4 to 5 stars.Restaurant ~ it's in the Baiz Market, so if you're needing to buy some Middle Eastern or Mediterranean food, staples and condiments this is a great place to shop!  They often have great buys on their ground lamb and beef.  Al-Hana is located in the front of the market.  The distinctive and spiced filled aroma hits you when you enter the market ~ "take a deep inhale, awe.." There is a small area for dinning up front that's clean and not too cramped.  Most people order to go, so don't worry about seating when you see a lot of people at the counter.  Service ~ is quick and friendly.  Usually there are just three to four people working the restaurant, two cooks and one girl working furiously taking orders and ringing people up.  I don't like how they have their menu.  It's laminated on sheets of paper tied together with a ring.  They only have two sets, so you may need to wait to see their menu.  They get a lot of regulars which will walk right up to the counter beside you and in front of you if you give them an inch.  This experience is starting to remind me of that Seinfeld episode "Soup Nazi".  You stand in line, hold your ground and order quickly, pay ~ then move aside and wait for your number to be called.  Having an idea of what you want ahead of time is recommended, so read the Yelp reviews before going.  Food ~the spinning skewers of meat look and smell amazing, one beef and one chicken but no lamb? WHAT??  The beef and chicken sandwiches used to look more like middle eastern burritos stuffed full of meat and veggies but lately they look more like taquitos with some veggies thrown in.  Their kabobs, both beef and chicken are better and you can get those as a sandwich if you ask.  Their Babaghannuj is much better than their Humus.  Humus is ok, small side is now $3.99 and sold seperately, but their Baba is delish!  The pitas lately have also been hit and miss.  Our pita's were too dry and almost brittle on our last visit.  Thanks to the Baba, we didn't mind so much.All in all, Al-Hana has changed in my opinion with there being better options to choose from within a 5 mile drive.  I will go back to shop the Baiz Market and plan stop by Al-Hana again soon.  Hope to see you there.
3	Al-Hana wasn't bad, it just didn't blow me away.  I went there for lunch and ordered the chicken shawarma and a (very large) side of hummus with some pita.  The sandwich was smaller than I expected, but for $5 is pretty fair.  Everything tasted pretty good, but I've had more flavorful Middle Eastern food outside of Phoenix. A note about the neighborhood.  I can understand why some reviewers weren't totally comfortable here, but I really don't think it's a bad or dangerous area.  In my opinion, low income doesn't always equal 'hood.  There are families in the nearby park, well-kept homes, clean sidewalks, etc.  It's not an area that's going to entice to explore on a leisurely walk, but I felt plenty safe walking there from McDowell.
5	Wow! During a bi-annual allergy induced laryngitis, I went in search for my favorite tea- dry desert lime. Apparently, I am the only one in PHX who knows it because no one is carrying it this year. Next best thing? Find dried limes. This quest led me to Biaz Market. The neighborhood it is in is rough, but it's more poverty than unsafe. The parking lot, though, was full. Walking in I decided to spend some time wandering the aisles. Within 30 seconds I was blown away. They have rose water and orange blossom water for 99 cents! The only place I had found it before sells it for $4! Fresh produce, cheeses, meats. Fresh herbs that I can't find elsewhere for only 89 cents! What? Am I dreaming? An entire aisle of spices- so many that I missed my limes I originally came here for. The very, very nice employee didn't just tell me what aisle, she walked me straight to it and when I commented about a ground version, she helped me search for that. Dolmas in cans and jars for under $3 (and they're freaking delicious!). Pita bread 50 cents. So much yummy stuff priced so well. We don't often get such gems of ethnicity in Phoenix, but this hidden treasure made me feel sooooooo good on a sick day. I can't wait to go back and try the restaurant, buy more groceries and test my cooking skills, and get get my fix of the world abroad without having to buts out the bones for an international flight.
5	I'm writing this update on Al-Hana to let everyone know they've made some changes recently and for the BEST! The Baiz Market is pretty much the same.  It's a wonderful Middle Eastern and Mediterranean food market and THE BEST place to buy olives, oils, middle eastern spices and pita bread!!  2 for $1and it's fresh daily! Al-Hana~ "take a deep inhale as you enter the Baiz market, awe...." It's the same wonderful aroma and quality of food but they've made some changes to their menu.  Yes, that's right I said menu.  They have menu's now!  They are nicely done with full color pics of most dishes so no more guessing and no need for an interrupter!Their dishes have changed.  They've added rice to most of their dishes at no extra charge. In fact they lowered their prices on a lot of things and changed up a lot of their entries to include rice, hummus and garlic sauce! The chicken and beef schawarma are both some of the best in town but I prefer the Shish Taook ~ two huge skewers of grilled to perfection chicken seasoned in taook spices on top of a large bed of seasoned and delicious rice served with hummus, mixed pickles, tomatoes and their garlic sauce.  It is a HUMONGOUS plate full of tasty goodness that comes with two fresh pitas on top.  It's enough food for two people, people!  So be ready to share.  Their garlic sauce and hummus are as good or better than anyone else's their Shish Taook will leave you wanting!I also recommend getting some of their small meat, cheese or cheese with spinach pies, the small square ones that are folded, heated for an appetizer and share a plate of hummus.  Their small pies are full of flavor and the pie dough is awesome!! Plan to par-ooze the market while you wait for your food.  Skip the pepsi coolers near the Al-Hana counter for your beverage and pick a beverage from the large coolers on the first aisle leading back to the produce.  This is where you'll find just about anything and everything from the middle east to drink.  Yes!They still have the same wonderful team of two guys cooking and the young lady running 100 MPH taking orders and serving everyone all at once.  They have made some fantastic changes and they one of THE BEST places to go for your Middle Eastern and Mediterranean food fixes.  I hope to see you there!
5	I only wish we had found this place sooner!  My husband and I moved here from Michigan 5 years ago, the Middle Eastern food in MI can't be beat!  One of the things I missed the most was chicken shawarma sandwiches.  I spent almost 4 years searching for a good Middle Eastern restaurant but it seemed every restaurant I found around the Phoenix area was Persian style which I personally don't like.  One day a friend recommended Al-Hana inside the Baiz Market.  My husband and I decided to give it a try and we were blown away!  This is how chicken shawarma should taste, and the garlic sauce is perfection.   The meat, cheese and spinach pies they sell are also incredibly good.  I think you can get a dozen for $9 or $10 dollars.  We usually buy a dozen to take home and eat them for breakfast over the next few days.  The best part is they're located inside a Middle Eastern market so you can buy specialty items for a really great price while you're waiting for your food!  You can buy jars of tahini for less than half the price you would pay in a normal grocery store, and get specialty spices like Sumac for a very cheap price ($1.99.)I also have to add that both of the girls that are usually behind the register are very sweet and always strike up a conversation with me, and if I ever order anything special the cook always double checks with me before making my order.
4	There isn't any other place I think I could eat an entire order of hummus by myself.... This is the Real deal. Yeah it's in a crappy neighborhood, and the food is served on styrofoam, in a market that could use a major overhaul, but who cares?! The food is SO good. I'm a vegetarian and have eaten at pretty much every middle eastern place in this city. This one unarguably has the best baba ganouj and hummus ever, as well as great tabbouleh. And that dessert with semolina on top of cheese? Heaven.
4	Lebanese food is one of my favorite cuisines.  Having heard about this combined market/restaurant, and seen it on Howard Seftel's list of top Middle Eastern restaurants in Phoenix, I decided to check this place out.  I couldn't decide whether it sounded more like a Haji Baba or Cafe Istanbul type place.Upon entering the facility, it became clear that this place is much more market than the aforementioned establishments.  It's basically a grocery store, with a little corner cordoned off for the restaurant.  There is no table service; you order at the counter.  The menu consists of appetizers, salads, pies (I may have to venture into this territory; it's something Cafe Istanbul and Haji Baba don't have), plates, and sandwiches.I was disappointed to find that they don't have lamb tongue, and that they were out of soujouk and ma'anek.  I went with the lamb sandwich, which didn't have the lamb in kabab form like you would expect, but rather as a ground-up kafta type of consistency.The sandwiches weren't huge, but I will say, that lamb was nicely flavored.  And my dining companion mentioned that the beef shawarma was pretty tasty as well.  The food really is pretty good.Cafe Istanbul still has this place beat.  This is true when it comes to food, but even more so when it comes to ambiance.  But it's nice that there is a respectable place to get Middle Eastern food in downtown Phoenix.
4	This restaurant is inside the Baiz Market!  So, don't waste your time trying to GPS it- just GPS Baiz market!Secondly, ambiance or quick service are probably not the reasons you'd come to eat inside an outdated restaurant on styrofoam plates.The food, however, is pretty tasty.  They have a wide variety of items typical to Middle Eastern cuisine: shawarmas, falafel, kebabs, pies, and more.  They heat items up in an open oven and the food comes out very fresh and hot!I tried the cheese pie and shawarma.  Both items were very good.  I still got onions when I asked for them to be excluded.  I suggest skipping their small beverage options in the adjacent cooler and going to the selection on the south side of the store for a better deal and variety.All in all, it is definitely worth trying out, especially if you are going to Baiz Market anyway!
5	Oh my!!  Not only was this some of the best Middle Eastern food I've had in Phoenix, but it's rates right up there with some the best food ever!  And for cheap!  Met up here for lunch today with Rand H, Mike C and Arlin B and even though it's in a crappy part of town, it was well worth it.  We started with some of the little pies, we had the meat, and the spinah/cheese.  Different than other pies I have had at Middle Eastern places, these were made with a tasty dough instead of the layered sheets of whatever they use.  The fillings were seasoned and fantastic, so good I bought a dozen to take home!  99cents for one, 8.99 a dozen, how can you beat that price?! We also all shared a plate of hummus that was delicious, creamy and tasted like hummus should.  For my meal I ordered the beef shawerma plate, but was already full from the other goodies I brought most of it home.  While the meat looked like it was burnt, it was nothing but tender and seasoned just right.  Oh...and everything came with what seemed a stack of fresh made pitas!  Hours later I'm still in that happy food coma place and I'm already planning my next visit.
4	After almost two years, I finally made it back here to eat, this time joined by Arlin B., Robyn N. & Mike C.  The menu has changed, although not necessarily the food choices overall, & they have remodeled the cafe into a cute little area from it's totally plain past.I suggest coming here a little early with your ice chest & begin your Al-Hana adventure with a little fun shopping in the Baiz Market encasing this little eatery.  I would call it a small supermarket (?), the prices are reasonable, & they carry lots of things that I feel sure you won't find where you usually do your shopping.  Of course it's most fun shopping hungry, not full.     :-)Ok, then it's on to Al-Hana Cafe.  They offer about 18 combination plates plus a host of ala carte items, so it's going to take you a lot of visits to get tired of this place!  For my much-too-seldom visit today I ordered a Lamb Kabab plate, which came with tomatoes, onions, pickles, hummus, rice & several big circles of pita bread to roll it all up in.  It was plenty to eat, totally delicious, & priced very fairly at $8.99!A negative is that you still have to bring your own water if you don't want to buy a bottle of theirs (or a soft drink including MIddle Eastern treats), but the counter service is friendly & they are open 7 days from 9 AM to 8 PM.Yum!     :-))
4	As most reviewers have already pointed out, Al Hana, located in the Baiz Market, is not in the best of neighborhoods but the food, the prices and service with a smile will have you coming back for more. We ordered tabouli, hummus, shisk taook a falafel plate and 2 bottles of water (sorry, no cocktails here). The bill came in at just under $28 and we paid at the counter. Our food was quickly prepared and was ready in less than ten minutes. Everything was delicious and the portions were generous. The baklawa is actually to the rear of the store at a separate counter and there are many varieties to choose from. We will absolutely come back not only for the food but also for the vast selection of middle eastern and international foods sold at Baiz Market. After our meal, we spent another half hour in the store picking up various items to stock our pantry. All meats sold at Baiz are Zabiha and Halal.
5	Highest of recommendations for this place.  Superb flavor, great prices.  Perfect spot to grab a bite before a ball game downtown (not near the rail line).  Just know what to expect-- it's a deli counter in a middle eastern market in a "questionable" neighborhood.  The tables are aluminum and rickety, so I usually take it to go.The hummus is the best in town, as is the pita.  I usually take an extra order of both to bring home for the week.  The baba ganaouj is good and very smokey, but I prefer the hummus.I've tried every sandwich on the menu.  The best is the chicken shwarma.  Rotisserie chicken, shredded and seared crisp on the griddle, then folded into a pita with garlic spread, tomato, lettuce and pickle.  They are small and amazing, so I always get two.  The beef shwarma is also good.  The kebab sandwiches are very tasty, but the pieces of meat are huge and difficult to eat in sandwich form.  Better off getting kebab plates.
4	A small restaurant located inside the Baiz Grocery story. The food is not that bad, although I have not tasted enough of the dishes...The meat pies and chicken shawarma were the big deals for me and I really like them.
1	I used to love you, Al-Hana.  I have fond memories of enjoying good food and good company while sitting at your little wobbly tables and chairs.  I fell in love with your babaghannuj.  Yes, you had a lot going for you.I was disappointed, but kept coming back, when you decided to raise the price on Every Single Item I Like, while making all of the portions smaller.  I understood that you have to pay for those new glossy menus with the pretty pictures somehow even though I liked the old menu board with the plastic letters just fine, thanks.  I settled for slow and sometimes surly service from your staff.  Why?  Because I loved you. Well, I think our one-sided relationship has come to an end.  That last visit - you know, the one where you gave our food to another customer (uh, you were confused?), and left us waiting for over 35 minutes without an apology while fulfilling orders for people who arrived and ordered much much later?  That will be my last one.  I especially will cherish the charming way in which the 'manager' grudgingly provided a refund for the food I never received.  "Do you want to return the water as well?"  Um, no.  Since I had to get it out of the cooler myself, I actually received that portion of what I ordered.  Thanks.Keep your rising prices and shrinking portions.  You are no longer worth my affection.
4	If there was a 4.5, they'd win it...simple cafe inside Baiz Marketplace. I ordered entirely too much food to-go and was not disappointed by the price or taste!! Large hummus, baba ghanoush, tabouli (entire package of house-made pita included) + falafel wrap and shawarma wrap = about $30 and is enough food to eat as leftovers for days. Best of the best was the baba ghanoush. You can really taste the roasted/charred quality of the eggplant and it is balanced perfectly with the tahini. I love the slight chunkiness of the puree that really highlights and respects the ingredients. (Grade: A+++)The falafel sandwich/wrap was also AMAZING! Great balance of pickles, tomatoes, tahini, etc. Cheaper than the other wraps (though all are super cheap given the quality ingredients, this is about $4) and the staff favorite. (Grade: A)I asked the gal taking my order what her next fav wrap is and followed her suggestion of the chicken shawarma. This was certainly good, but I'll definitely stick with the falafel. (Grade: B) Tabouli was also spectacular! I would have preferred a bit more lemon, but was pleasantly surprised that they didn't overload it with bulgar (huge pet peeve of mine). (Grade: A) Lastly, the hummus is flavored more strongly with tahini than other hummus I've tried from M.E. restaurants, but texture is fantastic and I'm a fan! I'd say it's a standard hummus that won't blow your socks off, but is still certainly delicious. If you are new to hummus, this is the perfect intro. (Grade: A-) All and all, everything was well worth the trip, money and calories. The large sides fill up an entire full-size to-go box.  I will be back for sure!!
3	----------------CASH Preferred.  Credit Card -- $10 minimum---------------This is important if you're a single as most things on the menu are less than $10.     This place does not have filtered water or even water from a tap.  So, don't forget to grab your drink and pay for it with your food.  I didn't realize I could not get a cup of water when I ordered/paid for my food, so I ended up drinking a bottle of warm water in my car when I was done eating.  Meh.This restaurant is down a street I would never drive down.  Most people would probably never pass this store in their commute to any place in the Valley.  The restaurant itself is located inside of a middle eastern (maybe Islamic/Kosher/?? as there are no pork products in this store) grocery store.  You will not see the name "Al-Hana" on the outside when you drive up, so don't be confused.I had lunch here last week with the Yelper lunch UYE group with Rand H. I tried their chicken schwarma and the fatoosh.  Both tasted very good to me.  I thought the chicken was over cooked, but the flavor was still there and exceptionally good.  The fun part about eating here is exploring the grocery store and standing out like a sore thumb.  I loved checking out all the products.  The herbs and spices you find in whole foods for astronomical prices are not so expensive in there.I would love to go back and try this place, when I have cash on me.  I hope the 2nd time is the charm!----------------CASH Preferred.  Credit Card -- $10 minimum---------------
3	I don't exactly agree with the reviewer, who wrote, this is not only the best Arab food in Phoenix, but everywhere!  Well, having been to Syria, Lebanon and Jordan, I can happily confirm the last sentence to be a BIG exaggeration; but it's an exaggeration even for Phoenix.We had the dolmas, hummus and babaghanoush; so to be fair, that's what my review concerns.  I can't speak for any of the meat dishes, but while the hummus and babaghanoush are very good, my partner and I are in disagreement as to HOW good.  We both find the hummus to be better than at Haji Baba, a staple and favorite of ours in Tempe.  The hummus at Haji's is smoother; this one, more grainy.  You would think smoother would be better ... while it's a matter of taste, I would argue it isn't.  The grainier one leads me to believe it's most likely "homemade", while the smooth indicates mass-production.  Not saying that's the case for either; but having tried canned hummus, I suspect, I'm not wrong.  The babaghanoush here is of the same consistency as at Haji Baba's, but has a "smokier" texture.  As far as those two dishes go, we rate them hands down better than Haji Baba (though I think not by much; my partner thinks they're significantly better).  The dolmas ... meh.  Tastes like they're out of a can, whereas Haji Baba's is very distinct and "non-traditional".  Now, here is a point, which, for some people --- including me --- is important:  ambiance.  Just as Haji Baba is not a "real" restaurant per se, this place is located inside the shopping center.  The difference is that while Haji Baba's grocery section is smaller and distinctly separate from its restaurant, eating here is akin to going to the hot dog and pretzel counter at Costco.  There is NO separation -- except for a steel railing --- and as you eat, customers mill around the store.  It does not leave an impression or quiet, calm and privacy.  If ambiance is important to you, then this is most likely not the place to think about having a "real" meal.  On the other hand, the service at the food counter is friendly and quick.I will do a separate review of the store, Baiz Market, which is the REAL gem here, but overall, I'd say the food is good, but nothing spectacular
4	Great hummus and good tasting pita and lamb! A great culture experience all inside a busy little market
2	Food in this place is alright and it is a little overpriced compare to other MiddleEaster eateries.I ordered Lamb Kebob sandwich. It tasted alright not something I will ever order again. It had only three small  pieces lamb and the rest was vegetable. I won't eat here again that is for sure. I rather do the drive and go to Haji Baba
4	Very tasty food. Great grocery store for Mideast products. I have British Lebanese parents, grew up eating all the different styles of this food, one being a bit different than the other. I like this place.This is worth trying..Cheers
5	This place is my favorite for lunch!  After discovering Baiz on yelp I have been back for lunch almost once a week, sometimes more.  I usually get the chicken shawarma plate.  Wish it came with hummus, but it's available as a side.  Kabobs are good also, but they take awhile because they are cooked to order.  They make their own pita, it's always fresh.You have to try this place if you haven't before!  Great food, friendly staff, and a market full of food you can't find in other grocery stores, you can shop while you wait for take out.
4	Enjoyed a fun little UYE here today for lunch, this time joined by Jackie C., Mike C., Scott D., Jon H. and Robyn N.!  I went with a Combo plate that included Lamburger Kebabs on a bed of tasty Basmati rice, plus little sides of diced onion, tomato, mild green peppers and hummus, plus 3 big round Pita Bread.  (You assemble everything to your liking.)This good-sized meal was delicious, and for a drink I went with a bottle of tasty Mango Lasso.     :-))Lamb Kebab Combo $8.99, Mango Lasso $1.69.
4	I visited Al-Hana for the first time today for an Unofficial Yelp Event with Rand H., Robyn N., Mike C., Jackie C. and the other Jon H. I enjoyed some great Hummus and Pita Bread plus my main course of Lamb Kafta for $8.99 and a can of soda for $.099; this meal set me back $10.75 today.Prior to arriving, I perused some reviews and the menu. Pro Tip - this place is not located in the ghetto as some reviewers have mentioned. I did not have to use any of my martial arts training to get into and out of the restaurant. There was decent parking at about 11:10 when I got there. As I'm writing this review 4 hours later, I can tell you that I'm still stuffed. I really enjoyed my food along with conversations with my awesome lunch companions. Thanks to Rand for "inviting" me. I probably would have not tried this place otherwise.
4	Little no frills cafe integrated with a small international market. Had the chicken shawarma which turned out to be excellent. Could be better with the addition of some side dishes but for those who want a small light inexpensive hot lunch this isn't a bad little gem.
5	Really good stuff. Authentic. Wide variety of food on offer. The staff is small so sometimes they can get really busy and you see the staff working really hard right there. The restaurant makes the knefah dessert right there so it's fresh (and good) - very few restaurants make their own.
3	It was alright. After reading reviews, I expected better. Restaurant is located inside a really cool market, so spend some extra time looking around. The produce and meat is worth a trip back.You order at the counter and the girl who took our order repeated some special instructions, but they were either not written down for the kitchen or the cook just ignored them. After waiting for the food, we just decided to pick out what we didn't like rather than return the item.You have to get your drinks from a cooler. There's more than the one near the counter, so look around if you don't see what you like.The menu is pretty standard middle eastern fair. I got a chicken shawarma sandwich. It was okay. The hummus was good. The pita a bit flat and dried out for my taste.Prices were good.A word on the neighborhood. Yes, it's not your typical trendy location and there's a lot of poverty around, but that can be said for a lot of neighborhoods in the Phoenix metro area. I've been afraid in some South Scottsdale places and there are some areas in North Phoenix that are down right nasty.Part of the charm of places like Al-Hana is where you find them. It's those immigrant, ethnic places that you know are authentic and have yet to be stamped with watered down big box culture. I guess if you're not up for an eating adventure, there's got to be an Olive Garden holding a booth in your name!
4	Ordered some tabouli and hummus, both delicious. Comes with pita bread which was a nice surprise. I was able to order, get in line and pay for my groceries, and waited a few minutes before my food was ready. It spilled a bit in the bag, but that may be from the drive home. It was busy too, which is good to see. That means people enjoy the food.
4	Al-Hana restaurant is an excellent small dining area in the Baiz Market. The food is nicely prepaired and presented.. I had Small humus, falafel, shawrma chicken, spinach pie & knafa. Portions are large and reasonably priced. Everything is fresh. Oh, while everything was really good, for me, I have never had falafel remotely close to this good.
5	This little restaurant is amazing.  As authentic as it gets (as far as I know).  With cheap prices and traditional food, you cannot go wrong.  Chicken Shwarmas, babaganoush, hummus, falafel, pies, and kabobs are delicious.Baklava from the bakery area is amazing as well.I do suggest covering up your shoulders and wearing pants, as there are a lot of Muslims who frequent the store and restaurant.  I felt uncomfortable wearing shorts and a tank my first visit (which was during the summer) but it was my mistake.
