3	My husband is the fan of Indian food, and I had a gift certificate from some students, so we gave Indian Delhi Palace a try.  The service was spotty, depending on who was in our section at the time.  The naan and puri were excellent, and both of our entrees were tasty (my husband had the chicken tikka masala and I had a mild lamb dish in cream sauce. The jasmine rice was beautiful and well cooked, but also had cardamom seeds in it (not my favorite). My husband loved his palak paneer. We agreed that overall, we have had a little better food and service from Taste of India.
4	First off, I must say, friendly smiles upon entering an establishment goes a looooong way for me. Family owned and nurtured with love comes through at Indian Delhi Palace. I've eaten in a few times and mostly had take out. Service was always right on, attentive not intrusive. Take out packaging is an art in my book. So often, things are forgotten, mispackaged and spilled and well, sometimes just tossed in a bag. Here they do it right. Garlic naan bread in house is better than to go. Unfortunately they wrap it in tinfoil and it sweats and loses any of it crispy outer crunch. Chicken tikka marsala has just enough cream and spice to hit all my F spots (you know like a G spot, only F for flavor!). Saffron rice is fluffy, flavorful and fantastic. Rickie loves their sauteed okra...generally not something high on my list to order but yowza Potsie...dee - lish. Samoras, tandori chicken all A's all around. And you can't beat a tall, cold Himalyan beer while waiting for that to go order and they always provide me with some papadum and a tangy, sour, spicy dip. Remember a smile goes along way with me!
4	The food is good... The service is good. Again this comes from an Indian who did eat at EVERY possible Indian food restaurant in phoenix!!!Try the kheema(minced lamb) naan-its extremely filling. The butter chicken is good, and the portions are decent enough! Its family owned and operated so that is always a good sign!
1	I went here once with a friend.We had the lunch buffet which was average. Until, I saw two cockroaches crawling around. Not, even your normal cockroaches but, gigantic cockroaches.I couldn't eat anymore but, for some odd reason my other friend did.
5	Delhi Palace has won my heart for Indian food.  There is a great lunch buffet that is well worth a drop in from time to time.  I'm not sure if this location is associated with the Delhi Palace on University, but I have been to both and liked both.  Sometimes Indian food buffets can feel not so fresh, but both of these restaurants keep things fresh and heated.  This restaurant has my stamp of approval as my favorite Indian food in the Phoenix area.
3	I really want to give this place more than 3 stars.  I like the food and the restaurant and the banana milk shakes!BUT!  in the little Indian store to the right of the restaurant there were rat traps all over the place....  with rotten cheese in them...  THAT is not something I, a paying customer wants to see....  AT LEAST hide the traps.THEN it made me think, that my food could have been contaminated with rat droppings and then my stomach started hurting.  Which is unfortunate because I probably won't be back, and we had been there quite a few times.
4	This was my introduction into Indian food.    The first few times I came here I was like "ah not bad".  Then I started to try other places, even out of state and in other towns.   When I came back to IDP I really liked it.If you go to a buffet, which I prefer, so you can try a bit of everything keep in mind that the dishes change daily.   If the food is not so good on Monday well go back on Tuesday and they'll have a few different items.They had these parsnips once that were soooo good I've been having "nocturnal emissions" about them for the past year. Cool little shop that is attached to the restaurant, they have fresh bakery items, Indian food stuffs, and a ton of Bollywood movies.
4	This is my favorite Indian restaurant in Phoenix. The food is always the best tasting of places I've been to, and probably the least "watered down" in terms of spice. The place is modeled to look like a little taj mahal which is kinda goofy, but it's very nice inside and out. They have a delicious buffet for lunch with a menu that changes almost daily, unlike a lot of indian buffets where they have the same items for a week on the buffet line. The service is always good, even the first time I went I ordered chicken curry (I'd never had indian food) because it was a safe bet. The man asked me if I wanted an order of naan or rice and I didn't really want to order anything else. He said "well how are you going to eat the curry? with a spoon?" and brought me a basket of bread on the house. He knew I was trying something for the first time and wanted me to enjoy my experience. I've been back quite a few times and tried just about every other Indian place in town, and this one is still by far the best.
3	I think this place maybe the best Indian food in the valley but if compared to the DC area,LA, Chicago, or the Bay area, it would be at best average
4	Fantastic Chicken tikka masala and garlic naan!  Gulab jamun is good, but not the best I've had.  I didn't like the palak paneer.  Service is friendly and efficient.  Preparation of food can take awhile, so don't arrive starving.  Lunch buffet available, and you can even take lunch buffet to-go!  (Haven't tried it, yet though so I can't vouch for the food served.)Ooh, I've got to get this on my rotation soon!
3	We stopped in here for the ubiquitous lunch buffet, and I am a little torn because I wanted to either really like it, or really hate it. But I don't. It seems that decent Indian is hard to come by out here, so I tend to stick with the same couple of places.My usual Indian haunt is Flavors of India, because the food is mostly good and it's close, but I think this place is a close second. The things that Flavors does well, Delhi Palace does so so on. And vice versa. Where Delhi Palace shines: (within the confines of today's buffet, of course) Palak Paneer- even though the paneer was noticeably absent or microscopicBengan Bhartha- My eggplant-hating dining companion even liked it. Mutter Paneer- The one dish with peas that i'll eat willingly. The service- they weren't in your face, but they were around more than most buffet meals. The atmosphere- it's classy without being over the top gaudy. Where Flavors of India kicks Delhi Palace's hiney: Naan- I prefer the flattened, nearly scorched naan to the fluffy puff that was plopped on the table here. It was fresh though, so bonus points for that. Tandoori chicken- The flavor was fantastic, but the meat was dry. Yellow lentil daal- I'll save my colorful description of this one and just leave it at Blech. Curry chicken- Where's the spice? Possibly the blandest curry chicken ever. The water- This sounds weird, but every time the server came by to refill water, we ended up with more UFOs (unidentifiable floating objects) in our glasses. Overall, I think it's a toss-up. The things that I like about Delhi Palace are the things that my old stand by place doesn't do well. I'll definitely be back, but not for the curry or lentils.
4	Lately, I can't seem to get enough of South Asia in my belly. I have my Valley favorites (India Gate in Chandler and The Dhaba in Tempe), but I wanted to give a new joint a go. So I decided to try the rather palatial-looking India Delhi Palace in East Phoenix because I had heard good things about its lunch buffet.  Luckily, my foodie friends aren't liars. I arrived shortly before the lunch rush. I was greeted promptly and politely. I then asked if the buffet had a large selection of vegetarian options, and he actually gave me a brief but thorough tour of the veggie offerings, which, much to my delight, comprised much of the buffet. I promptly filled my plate with aloo matar and daal maharani. But don't worry, omnivores; there were plenty of delicious-looking meat dishes on the slate as well. The food was very tasty, but what makes this place stand up above other Indian buffets was the exceptional, attentive service. A team of servers worked to make sure I received fresh naan with my meal, my water glass was always filled and any questions I had were answered. I don't expect much in the way of help when it comes to buffets, so this was a pleasant surprise. I will definitely be back one of these days to try something from the menu (bengan bhartha, I'm looking at you).
5	In my mind, there are two types of Indian restaurants in the Valley that I can afford to eat at.  There's the ones in strip malls that typically feature a grouchy old man behind the counter and a huge TV displaying Indian MTV or soap operas, and largely do-it-yourself service. (See: Kohinoor)If I'm feeling like spoiling myself, I'll take the next jump up to the places with painted walls, friendly waitstaff, and a-la-carte style menus instead of "specials."After a long day at work and in hippy progressive meetings, me and my beyonce decided to try Indian Delhi Palace, which is an excellent example of the latter.The waiters were attentive without  being overbearing, and the complimentary appetizer - I always forget the name - the crispy, slightly sweet cracker thingamajig with the green sauce? - was yummy.  And the samosas we started off with were also great.  Not overly greasy or soggy or stale like a lot of Indian places.The palak paneer is wonderful!  Ask for it spicy if you are a fan of spicy foods.  The creamy spinach flavor doesn't become overbearingly hot, but has a pleasant spicy aftertaste that mixes perfectly with their garlic naan, served fresh, of the soft and chewy variety that I prefer.RE: The people who miss paneer... The paneer was definitely on the skimpy side, but I didn't mind.  The taste was definitely still there - perhaps they blend it in more than other restaurants?  Anyway, if you are a huge fan of blocks of paneer in your food, you might want to mention as such to your server.The lady ordered vegetable bhriyani, which is sort of our Indian comfort food, and it didn't disappoint.  Flavorful rice with tons of veggies.Indian Delhi Palace has good food, good service, and an atmosphere that will embrace you like a vampire who feeds off of stress instead of blood.
4	My boss is Indian and we decided to try and find a good Indian restaurant while in Az. We loved this place. We went back twice! Delicious food and wonderful service.They have a facebook page with coupons.
5	Really good Indian cuisine. Beautiful interior and great food. They'll give you the option of how spicy you want your food on a 1-10 scale. They appear to have a buffet option, though I haven't had the chance to try that yet, as it's for the lunch crowd only.
3	Ok, here we go again... 1-Star, 5-Stars...  How can it be both?This is a stylish, modern, mid-sized place on the east edge of Phoenix.  When I showed up just after opening time, about 11:45 on this Tuesday, it already had a good crowd of lively diners on hand.  The food was all good, particularly the delicious yogurt salad dressing, very sweet honeydew melon, & the best lentil soup I have ever eaten!I like Flavors of India more, for it's menu, it's more comfortable (to me) atmosphere, booths, & the way it's naan bread is served.  Thus, I can't say, "Yay! I'm a fan" of Indian Delhi Palace, but it certainly is "A-OK!"Lunch is $8.99.  Full bar.
5	Finally, another Indian restaurant in Phoenix worth praising (Udupi is my other spot) -- we stopped in after work this evening for a quick bite, expecting the usual bagged frozen veggies in watered-down curry.  What we had was a hearty, flavorful, fresh, vegetarian meal. There is plenty of meat on the menu as well.My wife and I both ordered the Vegetable Korma, which was full of fresh veggies in a rich, aromatic curry. We tried two different breads -- one was doughy and stuffed with cauliflower and the other was a crispy whole wheat. They were totally different from each other, yet both were fantastic.Each staff member was friendly, responsive and never devoid of a smile. A nice, intimate atmosphere, perfect for a quiet and economical meal.  I will certainly be back soon... and will consider becoming a regular.
2	I poped in for a quick lunch yesterday knowing they would probley have a buffet. they are'nt overly cheery to have you as a customer not that there rude there is no emotion at all....so i was told to take any table and off i went to the buffet you better be ready for chicken because thats the protien du jour one of the chicken dishes was quite tasty the other tandori was dry the spinich dish was good along w/the naan the food was not bad but when i paid it was 11$ a bit pricey....no...alot pricy for the selection of dishes.....maybe there dinners are better but i most likly wont return to find out
3	Avoid the lunch buffet.  Excellent Chicken Tikka Masala.
4	We arrived at 2:30 with a craving for something that wasn't mexican food or contemporary food. We were seated and told there was a lunch all-you-can-eat buffet going on. We looked over the menu but decided after all on the buffet, it was a good idea to try some new things since I always get matar paneer. I filled a plate and proceeded to stuff my face.. in classy form, of course. The Aloo Mattar had the perfect amount of spice and an immense amount of flavor. It was impressive, as was the chicken curry, the rice, and the chicken masala. I was in heaven! The garlic naan was perfect. Everything was right with the world..Then the bad news came. Not fifteen minutes after we sat down with our first plates filled were we told the buffet was going to close soon. Had we known earlier, well, I'm not sure what we would do. But it sure is lucky we are a couple of small ladies who can't really eat more than one overfilled plate.. I thought.I finished my plate and decided to have more aloo mattar, rice, and then some raiti and fritters. Then I got some of the coconut basmati rice. Oh everything just.. sighhh. I think it was the first time I've really been rendered speechless by food in a long time. tl;dr Service was friendly but didn't come around often enough to fill our drinks, food is incredible, the place is relaxing and aesthetically appealing inside.They lost a star for the failure to tell us we had fifteen minutes to enjoy the buffet and for being a little lagging on the refilling of drinks.
3	A craving for Indian food.. popped in here about 230p...The waiter seemed a bit annoyed when we didnt sit and jump right at the buffet..BUT I hadnt had time to look..buffet or no..offer the menu! All in all....since I couldnt decide, my friend and I opted for garlic naan and the buffet.. Chicken curry is a fav of mine..but maybe Im spoiled..I like it to contain more than chicken legs .. Ive actually only had it boneless.. (probably not traditional.!).. I liked the curry , but not the chicken.. Im kind of a white meat girl... Loved the daal... the fritters, the raita.. the mango lasse.. the aloo mattar... yum... a new fav... NOW heres where they FAIL... not 5-8 minutes after agreeing to the buffet and serving ourselves... the waiter comes back and asks if we are done with the buffet.. Kind of a WTH look came across our faces?? I mean did he kind of lure us to buffet it...away from menu...just to rush us ?? Yeah...no.. wrong... SO, we proceed to get another selection of items on another plate.. small table now full.. as they took away the buffet.. I mean, are you serious!? Just let a customer know that when they sit... 'oh btw, get your buffet.. if not its going away...'.. The naan rocked.. its large and enough for 3... I just always feel at a buffet per norm.. I dont get my moneys worth.. I dont eat alot.. So I sample when at buffets... this lunch buffet, for the short time it was 'there'... was priced right..
4	Two reasons for coming here: 1) You love Indian Food2) You love to sample a variety of dishes My first visit to the palace was on a Friday, for the lunch buffet.  For $7.99, you have your pick of Tandoori Chicken, a delicious chicken Curry, Three Vegetable Curries, Basmati Rice, Daal, Naan, and. Salad. To complete your feast, they offer Kheer (rice pudding with almond and pistachio) and Gulab Jamun (Two balls akin to donut holes - made from cream of milk in scented light syrup).The greatest thing about this buffet is that it is "western" friendly.  This means that none of the curries are too spicy, and even the mint chutney is not over-powered by peppers and chilies.  For your first experience with Indian food, this is a terrific spot.  If a seasoned veteran of this cuisine, you may be more picky where flavor is concerned.I personally feel the buffet had very slim pickings, especially for someone that enjoys diversity in dining.  However, I thought the tikka masala, chicken curry, daal, pakoras, and saag were sooo delicious.I am interested in returning here to explore its dinner options.  For example, along with the varying lamb, chicken, and vegetarian dishes Indian Delhi Palace offers - they have complete dinners for under $20.  For instance, the chicken dinner includes One Papadum, One Tandoori Chicken, Chicken Curry, One Daal Maharani, One Plate of Basmati Rice, One Naan, One Ratia, One Dessert, Chutney and Tea.
5	I was very surprised to see that this location is a great advancement from the Tempe location. I love the Tempe location (due to it being the best in proximity), but everything about this location is better. As far as the food goes, it's just as "top-notch" as Tempe. All the food is hot and fresh, and they are constantly bringing in warm bread and new refills.  The chicken curry is even better with the addition of red and green bell peppers, but everything else is just as tasty.The building the restaurant is located in is perfect. It looks like it was built for this restaurant alone, and I gotta say I was impressed. There was even an Indian Grocery inside which was cool to look around in.I had a great experience here and I'm sure anyone else who enjoys Indian Cuisine would as well.
4	Coda B. and I both crave Indian Lunch Buffets when we're hungover. Him more so than me. He's actually called me at 12:30 at night, from a bar, talking about how he wants Indian Food. It's as though he can already feel the hangover coming on and wants to make sure his priorities are in check. 1) Get home (or wherever) safely 2) Indian Food. I may have mixed up the order.This Indian Delhi Palace is apparently under the same ownership as the Tempe location, but I like this one much better. For several reasons:1) The Chicken Tikka Masala is AMAZING. Like, I've never had buffet food this good before. I don't really like Tandoori Chicken. Honestly, the color kind of freaks me out. I know it's from the sauce or whatever, but chicken, on the bone, with a kind of fluorescent pink glow is weird. I'll pass. But boneless chicken in a delightful red curry sauce? Don't mind if I DO!2) This location has a much larger variety of dishes, especially vegetarian dishes, which are usually my favorite offerings at an Indian lunch buffet (see above about tandoori chicken freaking me out).3) Um, hello? It looks like a freaking palace. These guys did not hold back and I freaking love them for it. I actually think more places offering a lunch buffet should treat its patrons like the hungover royalty that we are. I wouldn't mind if Souper Salad and Sweet Tomato hopped on this trend already. I mean, how hard can it be to add a few fancy door arches and some gold plated silverware? Not that hard really. Up your game, guys.However, the only complaint I have about Indian Delhi Palace, and the primary reason why Flavors of India remains my favorite Indian Lunch Buffet has to do with the atmosphere. Yes, I appreciate the super sexy high-class water goblets, but Delhi Palace doesn't have any booths. And when I'm hungover, I need a freaking booth. I need my own little eating sofa. I need to be able to kick off my flip flops under the table and sprawl out like I'm enjoying their delicious naan on my own little loveseat. That's what I need, and that's what Flavors of India gives me. Oh, and some Bollywood wouldn't hurt either.
1	went here with my bf and his friend. came in at 7pm. took 10 minutes for someone to even realize we walked in the door..then took about 35 min to even get our food. they didn't seem very friendly. luckily, the food is pretty good [i've eaten indian food in europe before and it almost stood up to that.] i just didn't care for how slow they were.
4	Delhi Palace saved my dinner party! I was getting over a nasty 24-hour bug, and was panicked about how on earth I was going to be able to pull off a vegetarian duel birthday dinner party for my Scorpio-signed, non-meat eating folks. My boyfriend suggested ordering a bunch of food for everyone. I was non-too-thrilled by this suggestion, but felt I had nothing better to offer. Cooking, cleaning and preparing for the party would have surely put me over the edge, so I went along with it.The responsibility of ordering for everyone sort of put me in a state of quiet anxiety, but I knew I needed to bite the bullet.  Ordering for 13 people I got the following:APPS3 Vegetable Pakora (6/order) apps - too salty, over done, wouldn't order again5 Samosa (2 large per order) apps - we split them in 2 so there would be 20. They were gone in minutes.  So delicious, and really reasonable at $2.49/orderDINNER1 Vegetable Korma - excellent, should have ordered 2 of them2 Daal Maharani - excellent, and there was nothing left2 Bengan Bharta - too salty, wouldn't order this again, hardly touched2 Palak Paneer - excellent, a true hit1 Malai Kofta - delicate and deliciousOh, how could I forget, we ordered lots of Garlic Naan, and a platter of Basmati rice.  The apps came with mint chutney and tamarind chutney, and I ordered raita (cool whipped yogurt) to drizzle over the spicy preps.Dinner was around $170. It was entirely worth it.  No stress, no mess, and everyone was thanking us for the Indian treats. Plus, we had Indian food for dinner the next night!What I gleaned from this experience was I could have definitely ordered less food.  There was tons of left overs.  I would say that one dinner dish safely satisfies 2 guests.  Favorites were: Palak Paneer, Vegetable Korma, Daal Maharani, Garlic Naan, Samosas.One last thing, this place has the best Indian Buffet in town... if you're into that sort of thing (wink).
4	Great food, and affordable as well.  My wife and I get it to go.  It travels very well.  I've had better Naan, but overall.  It's great Indian when you have the craving.  Tip:  Don't get the Meat Naan.
4	Came here last night with the girlies to satisfy our craving for Indian food.  We've talked about this place for a while, and I'll be damned if I was leaving AZ before stopping by this place!  So luckily, I was able to convince one of the girls that finals are not as important as saying goodbye to me over a plate of curries.We got their around 8 and the place had a good crowd.  We were the only white girls, so we know we were in for a good meal.  Going over the menu took us a while, because one of the girls had no clue what she wanted, and the server was polite enough to let us take our time.Before we figured out what we wanted for dinner, of course we had to figure out drinks.  So we all order and still continue to peruse the menu.  Then our drinks came out...huge plus for this place right here, they were huge!  My gin and tonic was in an oversized cocktail glass and my friend's Chardonnay was filled to the brim.  No skimping on alcohol here!  The waiter advised us the drinks were strong, which I was fine with but my girlfriend needed 3 more limes to take hers down.We finally end up decided on dinner, with the shahih paneer, chicken saag, and vegetable korma, and an order of garlic naan.  I was a little unsure about the paneer, but my girlfriends swore by it.When the food arrived, we were excited!  Everything smelled so flavorful and the naan was huge, good thing we only got one order.  I loved every single bite I had at dinner, and the feeling was mutual across the table.  All of us ate beyond the point of feeling full, but we couldn't help ourselves!  This food was too good!Luckily, we were able to stop ourselves and save some food to take home.  I got the chicken saag and I am so excited to have some for my own brunch.  Mmmmm...I'm getting hungry thinking about it now.Overall, $20 a person including tip, with strong drinks, good food, and extras to take home we were satisfied.
1	Placed a take-out order of vegetable pakoras, shahi paneer, garlic naan, and papadum. Did not receive the pakoras at all, the naan was COLD (not even lukewarm), the papadum was burned, and the shahi paneer was crappy. As your lawyer, I advise you to become a patron of any other indian place in the valley but this one.
4	Decent but not awe inspiring North Indian style food in east Phoenix. I haven't been for their lunch buffet in years, but dinner is good and reasonably priced. Their idea of hot is not that hot.Things to try that I especially like here - Mango pickleAny of the paratha breadsHot teaAnything with cauliflower
4	I cooked dinner at home the last four nights in a row... this may be a record for me.  No joke!  We eat out way too much.  But, as a reward for all of my cooking as of late, my husband took me out to dinner tonight.I suggested we try Indian Delhi Palace, and he agreed!We walked in and were immediately greeted by Nick, Mr. Delhi Palace's son.  Nick is a college student with one hell of a sense of humor.  The banter between him and Jared made for one comical meal.  Here's what we ate:-Garlic Naan-Peas Pulaou (Basmati Rice cooked with Peas)-Fresh Okra with Sliced Onions, gentle Herbs and mild Spices-Bengan Bhartha (Eggplant roasted in a delightful pulp, seasoned with Gentle Herbs and Mild Spices)-Shrimp Tikka Masala-Kheer (Basmati Rice Pudding sprinkled with almonds and Pistachio)Everything was extremely tasty, especially the okra and shrimp dishes.  I normally do not like dishes that have onion in them, but pretty much everything we had contained a lot of it.  And actually, I still liked it!The serving sizes were large, so we took home leftovers.  The price was a bit steep ($60 out the door), but we really enjoyed it.  I think this will be my new "go-to" place for Indian food, and my new "go-to" place for dinner when I pick up friends and family at the airport around dinner time.As a side note, the Indian Delhi Palace building also has a large banquet room upstairs that Nick showed us upon our inquiry... it has a capacity of 250 and it's really nice.  Future Yelp event potential, perhaps?  We'll see about that.
4	This place has a fancy exterior and you definitely pay for the ambiance. Definitely a sit down with a napkin in your lap kinda place. I have tried the tikka masala, pakuras, vegetable korma, and naan.  It's all very delicious and the portion sizes are bigger than expected. Drawback: kinda pricey. Not a good place for cheap take-out.  I ordered out for 3 and it cost $50!!!
4	After all the issues we've had finding food sushi in Phoenix, I was worried about beginning to Indian food venues.Luckily, we were much more successful with this type of food. The Indian Delhi Palace was absolutely scrumptious, and just as awesome, it was incredibly affordable.The Samosas were perfectly sized and scrumptious.  I wish that they'd brought the tamarind sauce out before them with the chutney, but it did go perfectly with the samosa.I got Malai Kofta.  Not exactly what I was expecting (it's my favorite dish), as it was a bit different than other places I've had it, but it was still delicious.  My partner got a good ol' favorite; Saag Paneer. It was a bit too spicy for her (her fault for ordering it medium), but we wound up mixing the two sauces together, and it was perfect. Portions were generous, especially given the affordable prices.The service was so-so; our glasses stayed empty for some time before they got refills.  I wish I'd gotten a mango lassi, but it was a bit pricey, and we chose the Samosas instead. Also, I was a bit disappointed that the naan was sold separately, but I guess that's the way lots of places are going now.All told, it was delicious, comforting and satisfying Indian food, and we were quite impressed! I can't wait to try their lunch buffet.
3	Yes, I am totally deducting a star because they charge for soda refills. Not just charge refill price (which is ridiculous anyway), but charge you for a WHOLE ADDITIONAL SODA when you get a refill. Who the eff does that? I can quite honestly say I'm never going here again, because I only crave Indian when I'm hungover and full flavored (not diet) ice cold coke is a hangover necessity. I'm not going to pay for each one I down, that could bankrupt me. Plus, everyone knows fountain soda costs like 4 cents a piece, who are they trying to fool?
3	Rand H. and myself went here for lunch today.The place is big and very nicely decorated it is probably one of the more fancier Indian restaurants.They had your typical Indian buffet items that were all good,but the tandoori chicken tasted like benzene. Other than that the food was all pretty good so I will give these guys a solid 3 star review
2	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =It's been almost a year since I was here, & last time one of the things that I didn't care for was that I was seated near a glary window.  Thus, I dropped back in here today with Mike C. to give it another try & see if I could get it up to 4-Stars.Well, we sat well back inside the restaurant, so there wasn't a glare, but now that i've visited many (all?) of the Indian buffets around the Valley, I found the selection here to be a little small, the Tandoori Chicken tasted like benzene (!), & the service wasn't friendly.  It IS a stylish place, inside & out, & it wasn't "bad", really, but I'm not likely to return to this one.  We just have better choices in Indian Buffet.  Lunch Buffet $8.99
4	Finding good Indian food in Phoenix has made the move here easier...especially a place that's a mile from my house.Parking is easyService is always fantasticTake-out is always ready very quickly and very hotGood variety of spices at the attached little storeTried and recommend: Shahi paneer, chicken tikka masala, veg korma. chana masalaMight revisit but not thrilled with initially: saag paneer, aloo gobiIf you like spicy (or not), tell them--they go kinda easy on the hotness unless you specifically ask (use the 1-10 scale)I wish it was a little less formal feeling inside, but I typically do take-out so not a big deal--it just makes for a date-ish environment rather than a group o' friends environment.  Again, not a bad thing, i'm just sayin'. I've also never checked out the lunch buffet so maybe the white tablecloths and preset water glasses are a PM thing. [p.s. i'm now officially amused that i just said i wished a place was less nice. don't really hear that too often...]
4	Tasty and reasonably priced food and beer. A little hard to park but worth the maneuvering. And they have a rocking grocery store attached to it so you can make your own!
5	As good as it gets.... I went there years ago and never went back.... My stepson's girlfriend took us there and we absolutely loved it.... Being of Indian Punjabi origin, yes I am very picky and finicky about my tandoori food. This was fab.... It was like being in Delhi.... Really....
4	So I had a toothache.  Heard that clover oil worked.  This lead my search for a local ethnic store and I voila: The Indian Delhi Palace.  They actually have a small grocery store attached to the restaurant.As I entered the restaurant my world was curry.  My toothache disappeared and I wanted to sit down and grub. Beautiful decor:  Very Indian, nice table sets and even nicer glass goblets and interesting utensils.  Service was excellent.  The curry chicken was DELISH.  Everything is A la carte.  So be prepared to pay for rice as a side dish.  I could've sworn the mango drink was freshly made.  Great companion to the spicy dish.  Ah the sweet and spicy.Between my date and I everything came up to about 30 bucks. If we had came in just an hour earlier it would've been 20 because of the buffet.  Oh well next time.  And there will be a next time.Check out the grocery store as well.  They cater to those who want to prepare their own Indian variations.My hunny promises he will be my guinea pig.
4	It was our first time here so we had to have the defaults to judge the quality.  Everything was well prepared and spiced well.  You can actually taste the flavor of the spices and the heat doesn't kick in till you stop eating.  Any other restaurant we can normally eat super spicey, but we went conservative of 4 out of 10 and that was perfect.  The food is hearty stick to your ribs.  Two dishes, a rice and two naans was enough food for three plus enough leftover for a fourth diner.  So even though the prices are a bite high, it works out in the end.Mango Lassi - creamy and refreshing, not too sweetChicken Masala - sauce was a little thick but well spicedMalai Kofta - sauce was a better consistency but was not a fan of the homemade cheese ballsPeas Pulaou - okPlain and Garlic Naan - both good but the garlic one kicks it up a notch.
5	I may be biased as this is the first Indian restaurant I've ever eaten at but I love it. My sister and I have "date night" here about once a month. We look forward to gorging on their delicious naan, chicken tikka masala, palak paneer and rice. Those dishes are so good, wonderfully flavored and full of awesome. I love spinach, my sister hates it. Once I got her to try the palak panner she was hooked! Now we fight over who gets the last piece of cheese. Their chicken tikka is the best I've had. The chicken is flavorful and the sauce has a creamy and silky texture, perfect to dip your naan in. We've also had their butter chicken and chicken curry. Both were excellent. They also offer traditional Indian dinners (vegetarian and meat) which have a little bit of everything. They're great for introducing Indian food to first timers. Oh, and the mango lassi is delicious! Since everything is a la carte it can get pricey, but the portions are generous. I have yet to try their lunch buffet.It has a really nice atmosphere and is never overly crowded so you can have a nice conversation. The decor is also lovely. The staff is very friendly and helpful. They have a small market attached full of spices, medicines, bangles, hena kits and other various food items.Really great restaurant!
4	Nice little lunch buffet at a fair price. They had a fantastic chick pea salad and I really liked the Tandori Chicken and rice pudding. I even got a $5.00 off coupon on their website, which made it a very economical lunch choice.
4	It's a good lunch buffet and they don't take you to the cleaners.  I enjoyed the Chicken Tandoori and Curry Chicken,.  I would have preferred that they would have used boneless chicken but it was still good.  I also liked the rice pudding!  As my friend Jessica F stated, make sure you print the $5.00 coupon from their website!
5	We've recently moved to Phoenix and we've been looking for a fantastic Indian restaurant (and I think we've found it!)The restaurant is nice, with nice decor. The service was friendly and quick. The waiter was a pro and we loved one to ten spicy-scale for our dishes. I ordered Veggie Korma, he got the Chicken Tikka Masala,  and we shared some Naan and the 'assorted snacks' (Vegetable Pakora, Samosa, Sheesh Kabab, Papadum). Everything was DELICIOUS. Giant food baby. We'll be back for the lunch buffet and we can't wait.
4	Had the buffet.  Loved it!  Food was hot but not overcooked like so many buffets.  Will be back again.
4	Great lunch buffet, for the price, you get a ton of different types of food to try.  The naan is great and piping hot.  I will say that their chicken tikki masala is not my favorite but overall for the ambiance, this place is super pretty and delicious!
2	Let me just preface this review by saying that it does pain me to write a negative review about almost any establishment in the valley.  Unfortunately for India Delhi, it has to be done.  Honestly, I have not dined inside this restaurant, my experience is purely from multiple take out orders over the past year.Living in Arcadia and loving food as I do, I am lucky in the fact that I do not have to travel far to enjoy ethnic culinary delights that other cultures have to offer.  If your a foodie in the 21st century, Indian food is all over your radar.  India Delhi, found at 54th street and McDowell in Phoenix, fits the bill of almost every other Indian restaurant in the valley. Nice external building, clean looking restaurant and the normal tinctures related to that region of the world.  Always friendly and eager to take your order, the young gentleman at the front counter has never let me down in taking care of my to go order. Always checking each container to make sure it has the correct contents, etc.  On the Saturday I am referencing for this review, the young man was not there, but the owner and his wife were. In my opinion, Indian food is not a cheap venture. I always find myself wanting to try a dish as well as getting a staple that I know is going to be solid. When you add in the extra charge for rice(never included), yogurt sauce(not included), etc, the bill for myself and companion always tops $40.  I usually do not gripe as I know the quality will be there and I just love the food, what can I say.On this Saturday though, something was different. This was evident from the moment I walked in the door, I could not put my finger on it, but something was just not vibing.  The owners wife(or co owner for all I know) was at the counter and asked if I wanted the buffet. I politely turned it down as I am not a fan of buffet food, especially with Indian cuisine.  I politely turned that down and proceeded to order tandoori chicken, saag paneer, chicken biryani, basmati rice and some naan.  What happened next is not something I will forget soon.  I watched as the owner walked out of the kitchen with the pan in hands and used the spinach for my saag paneer from the buffet.  The owners and my eyes met as he processed that I saw what he was doing.  In that moment, the owner sold and gave up all his culinary credibility. He proceeded to head back to the kitchen to use said items.  I waited for another fifteen minutes and took my order home.  What did I find? The chicken biryani, the only item I might add not in the buffet, was extremely hot, almost too hot to touch.  The saag paneer was warm at best. The tandoori chicken was a collection of small legs(customary for Indian buffets) and once again, not hot.  I knew what had happened and could not help feeling beyond annoyed with the situation. Normally, I just deal with what is, I do not ever send food back and especially on to-go orders.  This time was different, I could not let it go.  I called the restaurant and without pause the owner got on, knowing exactly who I was and what the problem was. He put up a fight for around 20 seconds saying that he just used the spinach as a base for the saag paneer and what not, but then finally just apologized and said he would "make it right."  I do not really see myself going back here, but who knows.  This is a good excuse to venture out and try some more of the valleys offerings in this arena.
4	Great, authentic, delicious Indian food.  We are always excited to make the trip over here, knowing we'll get some REAL Indian food.  The samosas, garlic naan, biryani, and lamb korma are among my favorites, and should always be had with a mango lassi.  Ah, perfection.  The only thing that is making me hesitant to give that last star is their lunch buffet.  Not the biggest selection - which wasn't a huge deal... still plenty to eat. The problem was the temperature of everything.  I was seriously afraid that I was going to get food poisoning (I didn't, thank goodness).  This can not be a safe temp to keep food at for more than 10 minutes!  Although, the husband claims that it is pretty much the same at all Indian buffets... you can tell, I usually just order off the menu wherever I go.  Definitely stick to the menu, and your experience will be 5-stars.  Attempt the buffet at your own risk...
3	This place was disappointing on different levels. First, the food was okay but not great. I thought the naan was below average and tasted more like flatbread than what naan is supposed to taste like. My dish was the chicken tikka masala and it just lacked flavor and any hint of spiciness. I did get the mango shake and it was truly excellent!The waiter seemed quite inpatient throughout the night. On a couple instances he assumed what we meant instead of getting clarification; thus, bringing out the wrong thing. Then the restaurant turned off the music 10 minutes before closing and basically tried to rush us out. Seriously??? Not a way to keep business coming back! I mean, chill out... most of us were pretty much finishing up at that point so at least give the diners the courtesy of a full experience.Too many better options to want to come back here...
3	Lunch at the Dal HouseFor the ignorant, like me, there's a small plate for one or all of the several salads, a large plate for the entrees, and small bowl for the desserts.  Those tiny salad plates get full of everything fast.My favorite feature - the store in the east end of the building.  I want to go back and pick upf a little henna for my Friday night henna painting parties and some of the foods that made my mouth water, for instance, cilartro and ginger.  You can have lunch however you like.  Spicy or not hot, meat or veggie.  Delhi Palace serves a good lunch buffet.  Speaking of service, I hate to whine and I realize it was a Lunch buffet, but I felt forgotten more than once.  It was one of three reasons.  My server was either a new hire or the bosses son, or human beings of the SIkh persuasion focus on service to humankind.  I got the bosses son.  My tough naan came in the middle of the meal while people around me were breaded while in the buffet line.  My ice tea was almost forgotten.This place has beautiful decor.  A romantic place for a darkened corner meal for you and that special someone who loves Indian food.  You could curry up some real heat in this place.
4	Some the best Indian food in the valley. I am reluctant to give five star on any place, always being the explorer, but I would go 4 1/2 because there is not damn TV and the atmosphere is excellent
4	Excellent food, very authentic. We love the garlic naan and every main dish we have ever ordered have been flavorful and delicious.  We like the fact that each of us can order our own degree of spiciness.  The atmosphere is charming and the service has always been warm and friendly. We highly recommend the Indian Delhi Palace.
2	I  just ordered Malai kofta a vegetarian dish. The quantity was so little for the price and it was really salty. But the chicken biryani I ordered along  with it was not bad.  I still would not be ordering from this place again.
2	Stopped in for lunch, and it was definitely a solid "meh."  Lunch buffet is $8.99, which was a bit steep considering the lack of selections (only 2 chicken dishes, chicken curry and tandoori chicken, neither spectacular).  The vegetable curry was fine but again, nothing special, and everything else was quite bland.  I won't be returning.
5	My all time favorite at IDP Chicken Tikka Masala, Peas Rice & Garlic Naan!!! Yummm
4	I was checking the reviews when I saw the yelp coupon and bought it! We ordered: Samosas, Chicken Tikka Masala ($10.99), palak paneer ($8.99-spinach and "cottage cheese"), and goat masala (11.99?). I'm not a frequenter of Indian cuisine establishments so i can't really compare it to others but the chicken tikka masala was AMAZING! Palak Paneer was also great. The goat masala was good, not gamey at all! They definitely don't clean the bones away very well so be careful not to chip a tooth.Server was not overly friendly but good enough between him and the 2 bussers who were prompt to refill our waters from ordering a little too high on the spicy scale :)I need to come back for the lunch buffet for $8.99 sometime!
5	I don't understand the low rating for this restaurant. - Great ambiance relative to the numerous other Indian restaurants I have been to.- Good service, water was refilled 3 times, naan was replaced immediately upon decimation. - PRICE. With the yelp deal its incredibly cost effective to get full off of good indian food. - The food was good, not great, not bad, but good. Of course I always compare a meal relative to how much I paid. I paid $5 dollars for AYCE indian food that had a decent selection of food, all of which was delicious. For 5 bucks this place is as good as it gets. Always review relative to how much you paid. If you rate this place any less than 3 stars you are truly a snob.
5	Uh-May-ZingThis was my first time eating Indian food and I am now a new  fan of it! My cousin who loves Indian food and was visiting from LA said it was the best Indian food she has ever had! The location is cool because they give you a taste of the Indian style and culture from the moment you enter the parking lot where the building has a palace shape and their is a cool looking mural on the large wall. The inside is pretty nice and the Indian cultural theme continued here with a homely feel because it is owned by one family it seemed. The chicken masala I ordered was impeccable and just my taste at a level 6 spiciness and the garlic naan was mouthwatering with the yogurt dipping sauce. The place is pretty nice but there's no need to overdress here. Best part was that they offered a 15% Yelp check in discount! Also, they have an attached spice shop if you are interested.
5	A great restaurant.  The goat, chicken and Nan, are delightful.  Great service and authentic.  A must try.  If you like it spicy ask for hot.  Medium wasn't as spicy as I thought it would be.  Otherwise a perfect meal.
4	Great food and atmosphere. Had the mixed grill, a little bit everything on one piping hot plate.  Dessert was great too, always a fan of rice pudding.
4	This is place is AWESOME! Don't get why it's not rated higher. They have Delicious Vegetable Curry and really good lunch buffet. The Naan is off the HOOK. Everyone I know that has eaten here loves it and this place has been awarded by NEW TIMES as well. Seriously you should come here. I usually get take out because I have small kids but the service is always great and the food is Delicious.
2	Decent. The dishes are somewhat bland and seem to be not quite as authentic as I have had in the past. The curry was ok and the tikka masala, well Ive had better. The buffet is above average and as always the Naan was wonderful!
3	Quite pricey. I got the Tandori chicken and thought it was a meal (as most Indian places service it with rice or other sides).  But here, it was 4 pieces of chicken, and they weren't even whole pieces.  Like the breast was cut in half and counted as two pieces. Quite odd. And it was pricey for 4 "pieces" of chicken. First went here with a Groupon type deal.  Only go again because it is halfway to my friend's house and we meet up.
5	after a hard day of racing go karts at octane, we stopped in here for a lunch break. it is sunday and they have a buffet for 10 bucks. i was quite impressed with the buffet offerings. there is chikpea salad (ok, not great), about 6 curry meat options, and 4 curry vegetable offerings along with the basmati rice, and 2 desert options. i enjoyed all the veggie options. the curries were thick and full of lentils/spinach/potatoe, etc. the rice was fluffy, despite being in a buffet. even the pudding desert dish, with cashews and raisins was tasty. a bit sweet, but good. there are about 6 chutneys and sauces to compliment your dish if you choose. i always like the yogurt ones. the achar was way too salty for me. our indian guest was well pleased and we took that as a good sign. they passed the water glass test with flying colors. very formal interiors and the staff was quiet, yet polite and professional. a great dining spot for curry lovers. i have eaten off the menu before and thoroughly enjoyed it as well.
4	We went here for lunch and got the buffet for around $10. The chickpea salad was ok, not the best I've had. I got a scoop of basmati rice and enjoyed all four veggie dishes (creamed spinach, spiced lentils, spiced cabbage and curried vegetables). The vegetable fritters would have been good if they were freshly put out, but they were cold and a little too hard/crunchy. The multiple sauces were delicious and sort of fun to get a bunch of samples and try with your meal or dip with the naan bread. Oh, and the naan by the way was fantastic. They brought an order to the table and it must have just come out of the oven as it was super hot and toasty. MmmmmmmThere were two desserts on the buffet, a sweet "pudding" with almonds and cashews and a fried dough with honey.  Both were tasty, but again, I think the fried dough sat out a while so it was more chewy vs. crispy and the pile was all sticking together. The service was prompt with removing our plates and refilling water glasses. All in all, very tasty food! I would've given 5 stars if it wasn't for a few of those buffet items being a bit stale.
4	Went to Phoenix today visiting our son.  One of our favorite things to do is to find new Ethnic Restaurants.  We had some chores to do in and around Scottsdale and were craving some good Indian lunch Buffet.  We had heard about this place being a tasty and reasonable place to eat.  Funny, we got there fairly early even before noon on a Friday and the parking lot was full.  A good sign.  We walked into a beautifully appointed clean place with white table cloths, red napkins and that was another pleasant surprise The price for the buffet is $8.95 per person and well worth that. They were constantly filling up the trays.    The salad was crispy lettuce, tomatoes with an assortment of Indian dressings, a chutney, and some other wonderful dressing.  The chick pea salad was so good that I devoured 2 plates of that.  They also had a large bowl of what looked to be taco chips.  However, they were homemade and so crunchy with Indian flavoring.  I could have just eaten that alone.  I was pretty stuffed at this point.  The main dishes were Tandoori chicken, Curry chicken with a great sauce.  Another curry dish with potatoes and onions.   Of course rice and paneer which was also yummy.  A couple of simosa fritters which were a little tough but was still tasty.  Three different deserts.  Rice pudding was great to take the bite out of some of the moderately spicy  dishes.  Also a carrot pudding which if your'e Jewish reminded me of Tsimis. Not sure how to spell it.    There was also like a sponge cake ball fried crispy.  I just threw that into the rice pudding to end the meal.  The place was packed by the time we left about 1.30PM or so.  Lots of business people enjoying some heavenly treats.  Good price, good service.  What more can one ask for. No dinner for me tonight.
4	Awesome. Indian. Buffet.
4	Food was absolutely amazing! I got a carafe of cab and the non vegetarian dinner, which comes with a bit of everything. The chicken curry was by far the best curry I've eaten. But in all honesty everything from the naan to the rice to the pistachio ice cream and tea was amazing. I will definitely be back and often since the prices are pretty reasonable. I took one star off because the servers seemed bothered that we were there and weren't entirety helpful when we had questions, one server kept whispering everything then just basically walked away before seeing if we understood. Thankfully my friend was there who is a veteran Indian food eater and explained all the meal items to me.
5	I'm not biased when I say, humble little joint but great North Indian food. Have been here for years, buffet and dinner and always come out very satisfied with no issues. Remember, it's all about the food here and not the atmosphere although it is clean and friendly.It may be a bit dimly lit at some of the tables or booths but they will rectify it if you bring it to their attention. The owner Anil is always happy to have you back and he'll make sure you are pleased.It's located in a partially vacated strip mall on the southwest corner of 28th drive and Bell Rd. just one light west of the I-17 frwy. You might still have to squint to spot it from your car, on the inside corner of the elbow. Follow your nose once you exit your car,you can't miss it. Take some home...it's always a tad better the next day..besides you're home too!!
2	Seriously guys, adding a bunch of spices to cooked rice with lamb is NOT how you make biryani.  Oh, and who places green bell peppers to biryani?  I'm not sure what I was eating but with eachbite, I asked myself loads of questions:"Is this what I paid $13 for?""Why did I pay $13 for this?""Why am I sitting in my car, on my way to the Phoenix Sky Harbor airport, eating this spice flavored rice withnot lamb?""What is this big black thing that looks like a beetle.  Oh, its just a cardamom?""When I asked the guy who gave this to me for some raita (Indian yogurt condiment), why was he saying that was going to be extra when it is always customary (and FREE) to hand that out with the biryani?""Should I finish this or no?  I need to finish this, I paid 13 freakin dollars for this - that's why!"Then, the cycle of questions would start all over again and if that is not torture, I'm not sure what is.
5	awesome food. fresh and very indian
4	I went here for lunch on a Sunday. The parking lot had quite a few cars, but I got right in. :-) I got the buffet and had the chick peas salad (very good), chicken tikka masala (flavor was great, but the chicken was slightly dry), goat masala (this was amazing), and their tandoori chicken (which was some of the best I have had). Overall a great lunch. Would have done 5 stars if it wasn't for the dry chicken tikka.
5	I think a lot of people might get this place confused with "Delhi Palace Cuisine of India" (which is on University, near ASU). That place - avoid avoid avoid.This place - must go. This is a place that serves really good North Indian food, kind of Pakistani style, if you ask me, and it's really spicy and really good. They'll even give you chili peppers if you ask them to notch up the awesomeness even further.This place has great service. Came here with my dad near closing time and they still seated us and let us order, even with only 15 minutes or so until closing. Food was hot and fresh even at the late hour. We were keeping the staff from closing up yet everyone was still extremely friendly and helpful, and of course we left a sweet tip.The food here is amazing, anything you can point to on the menu is awesome and delivered fresh to your table. Now, I have never foot the bill myself, so of course I'm biased, but the prices seem reasonable to me, especially for a dinner for two or more.  I read in another review that the rice was crappy. No idea what that means and no, it's not free, grow up. Rice was somewhat dry but hey, it's rice, you eat it with something else.Every time I've been here they have quickly seated my group. The waiters are prompt but not perpetually hanging around - fantastic service, although you *might* need to remind them for water once or twice. Food is extremely (OK, it can be extremely) spicy.
2	Our entrees didn't seem freshly prepared, especially my Chana Masala that looked like some dry, clustered up entree leftover from a lunch buffet.  I've never seen Chana Masala lump up like that unless it was my leftovers at home.  Garlic naan was average.  Prices were reasonable, but EXCLUDED rice.  Restrooms were deplorable.  Not sure I'll be back again anytime soon.
4	I like. I don't get over here that often, but when I do, I always have a good meal. With restaurants that vary their spice levels according to your taste, it's always nice when you find one where your medium hot corresponds to their medium hot and so on. Too many times I've ordered 4/5 for spicy and gotten a 2/5 of 6/5 (yes, that's a thing that can happen). Their naan is delicious, always served hot and fresh baked. The Madras Shrimp are great if you can take the heat, if not, the butter chicken is everything butter chicken should be. Mango kulfi for dessert! Or gulab jamun, as fun to say as it is to eat.
5	Tongue is dancing in delight as my cravings have been satisfied with perfectly seasoned spiciness.
4	Food is always great and the service is very attentive... We'll go back another day.
4	One word... CHICKEN TIKKA MASALA!Ok...it's one word if you say it like I do. I like to say it fast so I can hurry up and get past the ordering part and on to the eating part.This place is awesome. I ordered samosas, garlic naan, mixed grill (tandoori oven cooked variety of meats) and chickentikkamasala *giggle*. The mixed grill was good, but the naan and the masala was the highlight. I had to slap the hubby's hands to keep him from eating the whole thing...ok...by 'slap' I mean I may or may not have skewered his fingers with the fork, pinned them to the table and gleefully devoured the tender saucy piece of chicken as he sniffled something about needing an ambulance...we're so playful. DISCLAIMER: *No hubbies were actually harmed or manhandled before, during, or after the consumption of the delicious items procured from I.D.P. The improvised narrative describing the dinner-eating portion is fictional...the tastiness of the items we ordered is factual.
5	Excellent food, great staff - it's family run.  Good atmosphere.
4	Haven't been here in ages, but went with a friend on Sunday.The weekend buffet is when to go -- more items than weekday.I would give this place 5 stars if it had a few more items, but all the dishes are good! Nice atmosphere, nice tables, and attentive service.I'm actually awarding 4 1/2 stars.My inside skinny: The carmelized onions with the tandoori chicken are yummy!They also have a goat dish that's very good ---- WATCH OUT FOR BONES, CHEW CAREFULLY. Sometimes the bones are obvious, sometimes small.This is one of the best Indian restaurants in the PHX valley, and they have awards on the wall to prove it. I'm not the only one saying this. I think there are only a few places in the valley for Indian food for me (but I haven't been to every one in the valley) -- this place, The Dhaba in Tempe on Apache, and one other that has a great buffet but I haven't been there in years because it's far away. Somewhere in Mesa perhaps?
4	came here last Saturday night with a friend. the food is very good and you get a large portion - I had leftovers for lunch the next day. my only gripe is that the naan was a little more burnt/crispy than I like. I will be back to try their weekend buffet though.
4	I am hoping for a little bit of London here in Phoenix with this Indian Resturant. Fingers crossed!!!!
4	Big bunch of family over so we created our own buffet!  Shrimp biryani, veggie biryani, tandoori shrimp and tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala, palak paneer, samosas, raita, and lots of naan (plain, cheese and garlic).  Everyone loved the chicken...which I don't eat, but others said it was good.  I loved both biryanis and the paneer with raita over it.  I also loved the naan dipped in masala sauce! SO glad it's close to home!
4	Very satisfying fix for my travel-induced Indian food craving. Delicious lamb biryani and an eggplant dish the name of which I can't recall. Attentive, perhaps slightly pushy service. Definitely recommend.
4	While leaving Scottsdale to drive home, the hubby and I found this place randomly without me Yelping. (Which I never do now that Yelp and I have such a deep and intimate relationship.) But lo and behold, it wasn't so bad! It wasn't the best or varied Indian lunch buffet ever, but the food was right on, the veggies were good, the mango lassi was yummy, and the naan was spot on. My only  complaint was that I was cold the whole time. But that was probably just me. Good place for a lunch buffet here in Phoenix.
5	Just moved to this area and tried this place for the first time. Lovely, attentive staff and nice interior. The food was amazing. We had samosas, chicken tikki masala, curry shrimp and garlic naan. I can't wait to go back and try more dishes. A little pricey (never had to order rice seperately) but worth it.
5	The best Indian food in the valley hands down. Every time I go it nothing but the best, food service and price! The never skimp on spices like the other places do and everything is always just how you order it (mild, medium , spicy). I have been to England and India and this place is closest I have found. If India is a 10 this place is a 9.5!! Just go and make sure you have some mango ice cream for desert (it's unlike any you have ever had).
4	I've only had Indian curry chicken once in Singapore which was a very negative experience.  One bite and I was unable to talk for a few minutes.  After 20 years, thought it was time to try again.  Found Indian Delhi Palace  on Yelp.  The reviews seem generally positive.  Dropped by on a Saturday evening to try it out.The restaurant was about 2/3 full.  Two wait staff were also covering the reception station resulting in a low level frantic pace.  That is primarily the reason for not giving five stars.  Our waiter was quick and to the point.  I told him this was the first time to try Indian food.  He suggested the dinners that included a combination of dishes.  He asked how spicy on a scale of 10 we wanted.  I said about a 5.  He suggested maybe a 3 to start.  Probably was a good suggestion.  Not much time for questions before he was gone with our order.  The dinner included Indian milk tea (Chai) which I really enjoy at Starbucks anyway.  It had more spice flavor than the Starbucks concentrate version.  A nice improvement.  While a little picky, my cup of tea was spilled into the saucer.  Not sure why it was served that way.  I dribbled on the white table cloth every time I picked up the cup.  The tea was good though.Questions about the food served were sort of answered.  The waiters were too busy to spend much time with amateur questions.  Guess I need to find an Indian to dine with next time.  Not really sure what I ate or the main ingredients in each item.  Everything tasted good.  Next time I will order individual items from the menu so I will know what I'm eating.  So, good food, will try again, but waiters were too busy to be of much help to Indian cuisine newbe's.
5	Still as good as it has been for the two decades that I have been going to Indian Delhi Palace.
5	This is my favorite Indian restaurant in the Phoenix area. They have a grocery on the side and they are obviously very authentic. Their veggie koorma, chicken curries, and tandoori are excellent and all served with their lunch buffet, along with their superb naan.The buffet is probably the best buffet I've ever had, since they are usually populated with cheap meats, and mass produced sauces. This place is excellent, and every dish oozes real Indian spice and care.  Very highly recommended, though I've only tried them for lunch and don't know how and if their dinner would be different.
3	Had the Sunday buffet which had quite a spread much of which tasted just fine. Three different types of desserts. The samosas were not kept warm which was a bummer. I also should not have to ask to have my water filled or wait some time for plates to be cleared. Service was not as attentive as I would like but the food was pretty good.
4	As I'm crusin' from PHX airport to my hotel, I randomly see a sign for this Indian restaurant and immediately hit the brakes and make a U-turn to stop in for lunch!  I had my doubts, really I did.  I don't ever do Indian buffets because its guaranteed to disappoint me so I opted for the regular menu.  Delicious shrimp madras is what I got (extra spicy) and garlic naan...yummy, yum, YUM!
4	Good flavors, good service, Interesting dishes odd pakora.Walk in and you will see nicly set tables with table cloths and cloth napkins. There is a buffet with plates behind. This makes it a bit confusing as to which end to start at.I started with some pakoa and mint chutney. The pakoa was the low point of my meal as it was oddly hard as if it were fried twice.Moving on the the food at least the veg items. There was a Palak dish which had great spice as well as some cabbage dish that was miss labeled  and full of great flavor and textures I went back for more. The chana masala was also quite good spiked with many fresh veggies in sauce. I am a big fan of their naan bread, it tasted as if it was made in a fire tandori, it really complemented the meal.If you are in this area of town give it a try.
4	we discovered this place while wanting to meet up with some friends on a friday after work. the actuall resturaunt looks great but the location is in a rough neighbor hood in ph. the food was great i'd definetly go back for the shrip curry ... the one negative.. i didn't appreciete the waitors smug comment about how much food we were ordering... last i checked we were paying for it so i think we can order as much as we want.
1	Based on the reviews went here for Lunch, they had Buffet with one Meat and 3-4 vegetarian dishes for around $10. Tried palak paneer but the paneer(cheese) itself  was missing the dish, it was like having chicken curry without chicken. Long story short the food lacked the taste that you find in good Indian cuisine...
2	I've been here twice on trips to Scottsdale and the food is pretty good, but the service is terrible! The waitstaff is not attentive or helpful in the slightest! For the price, I would expect better service. The lunch buffet is better than dinner because you don't have to rely in the waitstaff.They seem to have a fly problem, flies kept landing on my food, my face, and one got stuck in my water.If you've got endless time to wait for you food and can handle a waitstaff that acts like they have better things to do, then this is the spot for you!Otherwise, go elsewhere.
2	We used to love this place, but the food has gone way downhill. I ordered the Vegetable Korma, and it looked like they used a bag of frozen mixed vegetables - it had corn and green beans in it, something I've never seen in any other Korma dish I've had. We also ordered the garlic naan, but it hardly had any garlic on it at all and tasted like it was reheated. I'm very sad because we used to go here all the time, but we won't be eating here anymore.
1	They did not make a great first impression and I don't think I will be back.  I took some friends to try Indian food for the first time. The service was not good at all. We had to go to the kitchen to get service for our drink orders. My friends enjoyed the food although I have had better.  But the naan was good.
5	This place was phenomenal, the food was amazing. They catered to me which was amazing. I can't handle spicy food and they took that into great consideration when I asked what they had that was not only low on spiciness but also vegetarian. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal there.
4	Came with friends and ordered med hot for all our dishes, they were fantastic! Everything we ordered was delicious! Ask me what we ordered and i couldn't tell you, we asked the waiter to order for us!!! He brought a great selection. Now the wait staff were really in need of some customer skills training. sorry to say but true. Our older gentleman waiter seemed annoyed with us because we really had no idea as what to order. Sorry. it was our first time. and next door to the place is their store where you can buy goodies, just make sure to check all expiration dates before you purchase anything. Will definitely go back, this was a wonderful out of the ordinary place to have some amazingly different food.
1	The appearance and cleanliness of this place is really nice, however there isn't hardly any variety what so ever for there buffet. There is one table of food and that's it and most of there food was cold and tasted exactly like those canned foods that you buy at the grocery store. Price is outrages for what they offer as I went to golden corral with my spouse, and spent the same amount, exact same and got a ton and I mean a ton of options, and best of all there food tastes great! Sadly I do not and would not recommend this place to anyone. If you are looking for a buffet try golden corral or the mandarin, but don't be lured in by the appearance of this Indian place as you will leave disappointed.
1	Cockroach on table (and a neighboring table). Lamb super mealy. Wine bottle "opened" in back and then brought to table with cork from another bottle. No apologies. Just arguments. You've been warned.
5	All I have to say is - I'm a punjabi and I endorse this message.Portfolio - Chicken Tikka Masala, Chana Masala, Palak Paneer. garnished with courteous service. A gem in the middle of this desert.
4	I'm not a huge fan of Indian food, but I do believe that's because I was probably eating at bad places. This place has converted me! I had the Lamb Korma and my hubby had the Butter Chicken. Everything was very flavorful! The establishment is very clean and very authentic. Our service lacked, slow and didn't ask us for drinks etc, but they were very friendly regardless. We will definitely be going back to try more!
4	I believe this is probably the best Indian food in the valley.
3	The food is delicious, but the prices are WAY TOO HIGH for the small portion sizes. I feel robbed when I spend $50 on dinner for two people and probably $7 of that was their actual food cost, if that. Look at it this way... for $10 you get their lunch buffet that has naan, rice and an assortment of foods (all you can eat). But when you order food to go, they charge for every single item... $10 for each entry, $2.5 for naan, $3 for rice, etc. It adds up quick and all of that is at cheap cost for them, so their margins are huge! It's a ripoff, but the food is -like I said- delicious.
5	B day party here Sunday buffet and they really tended to our table. We never had to wait for refills or naan they kept our table clear. The food is the best in town and I'll be back soon.
4	Don't be put off by the fact that they're super rude on the phone, it's probably cultural, and the food is totally worth it! Have eaten almost every vegetarian dish on the menu and d*mn do they do it right! Amazing flavor, spice level is pretty precise. If ur going to get a 7/10 you'll need a water standing by, other than that its amazing spices as you requested. Bf is in love with the Mixed Grill- as a non meat eater I have to say: it looks and smells AMAZING! And per his review its the best things he's ever eaten. A little pricey at 18$ but he says its worth it. Watching him eat it- I completely agree. :) Been eating here for the past 3 years and even though the customer service has yet to take a giant step forward I still keep stepping through their doors, inhaling those delicious spices, picking up my 'to go' order and grinning like a thief as I enjoy it for days and days to come. :)
5	Great food. Great service. Give it a shot!
4	Needed a spot close to the airport. After reading reviews was skeptical but since we were going early gave it a shot. The food was fabulous and the big shocker was the service was excellent! Many reviews found the service horrible. We were very happy with our meal here and would return.
4	Been here almost a dozen times. Good service. Open later than a lot of Phoenix restaurants.  Never crowded or noisy.  We are always trying something different and have never been unsatisfied.  Every dish is full of  intense flavor.  A must try!!!
4	not the best
4	Yes I would say this place is good. Service a little slow maybe but the quality of the food was very good. Nice atmosphere.
5	Stopped in for lunch on a weekday.  Service was excellent in giving advice on what is popular and what we might enjoy, they were spot on. Food was delicious and timely. I'll gladly be going back.
5	For those who have come here and ordered anything lower than 7 on the spiciness scale, you shouldn't be eating Indian food in the first place. The Chinese buffet is down the road. That aside, my boyfriend and I have been here twice and have been blown away both times. We order the samosas, lamb vindaloo, chicken tiki masala, a veggie dish I can't remember the name of, garlic naan, and basmati. The first time we ordered a spice level of 8 and the second time 9. I'd prefer somewhere in between. The food makes it to the table quickly and is full of flavor. The two times we've been there for dinner, the service has been friendly and attentive, so I'm confused by the yelpers who bag on the wait staff.  We spent about 50 dollars on a ton of food (half is in the fridge to be enjoyed tomorrow as well) and it's always worth it. There's also a small market with a wide selection of authentic spices, marinades, chutneys and other ingredients so you can attempt to cook Indian at home.We crave this restaurant constantly and would recommend it to anyone who thinks they know good Indian food!
4	My first time at this restaurant was on a bad date.  I didn't drive at the time and since we were meeting at the restaurant, I took the bus and walked for about half an hour in the summer heat to get to the restaurant.  By then, my date had taken the liberty to order my meal.  The entree itself was a little pricey but scrumptious even with the terrible company.  (Might I add that he even asked if he could take my leftovers home.  Seriously, what?)Anyway, since then I've been back way more times than I could count - with much better company.  Generally, I go for their weekend buffet which at $10ish per person, I say is a pretty damn good deal.  They don't have a huge spread for their buffet, but their items do not disappoint.  Their chicken tikka masala is by far my favorite item there, and goes perfect with the rice or the naan they bring to your table.  The fried vegetable fritters are amazing and I'm always a sucker for their desserts, especially these things that resemble donut holes but are drowned in syrup.Oh and be forewarned (and this isn't at all a bad thing) that you might fall into a food coma after this buffet, so plan to get a cup of coffee or some other less sedentary activity so you don't immediately pass out the moment you reach home.  Trust me, I've fallen into that trap too many times, even when I thought I ate less than before.
3	We were here for their lunch buffet. The chicken tendori? was very tender. Coconut dessert was good. Everything was bit too salty.
4	Nice place. Food was pretty good. Great service. Very respectful. Be careful if you are not used to eat spicy food.
5	Amazing food and even better service. Also has a great atmosphere where they take good care of you and do not rush you. Really nice place to sit down and have a great meal.
4	Really nice indian. Location could be better, but that's just nit picking. Delicious food, hot is important, service adequate.But again GOOD FOOD.
4	Good spice levels. Chicken tikka masala and samosas were the most popular with our group. Did not enjoy the shrimp curry.Great friendly and helpful service.
5	Delicious food, not too spicy, lovely decor, pleasant service. I've been here many times. Great place!
5	I love their lunch buffet. I always forget what I love most, so dinner is very hard for me.. Decisions decisions.
5	Excellent service, beautiful atmosphere, and the best indian food in Phoenix. Highly recommended!
2	The worst service ever :( They messed up our food and we complained we go yield at. I will take my money some were else. There are plenty of Indian restaurants in the valley, and you just lost a customer :(
5	I've never had indian food prior to coming here. After coming here I fell in love with it!! Oh my god their lunch buffet is the freaking best!! So many bold tasty flavors! Love love love it. I'm obsessed I seriously go there once a week now lol. It's my new addiction.Oh yeah ask for the garlic naan!! Yummy omg it's also free :)
5	Best Indian Buffet ever!!! My favorites were the naan of course and the tandori chicken.
2	I went to this place on my trip to Arizona and Phoenix. Ambience, location and staff is pretty nice. The food was average. Me being from bay area may be a little rude but the food just had the taste of cream. Ordered for the following dishes:Malai kofta: koftas tasted frozenPaneer: panner was good but gravy was all creamOnion pakoras were awesomeI would may be go there if no other option is available, but then it could be just my taste buds.
3	It is an ok indian restaurant, the quality is not vwry low but it is alao not high at all
5	Awesome vegetarian food here. We tried shahi paneer and dum aloo . Both were awesome and naan was fantastic!!.though mango lassi was disappointing!!!
