3	After failing miserably to get walk-in spots at Garde Manger right when they opened, we tried to locate L'Orignal in Montreal's Old Town, run by the same folks behind GM.  It was not that easy to locate, though it was our faults...  we stupid Americans thought we were looking for a place called L'OrigInal; not L'Orignal, after -- "the Moose" -- rather than "the thing that is quite different from everything else."  Finally, thankfully, a hotel concierge in the area was able to (after much chagrin over our mispronounciation of "Orignal") point us in the right direction and we found it -- though it's also tucked away somewhat quite inconspicuously down a side-street...Saturday night without reservations is tough everywhere, and they graciously fit us in only after the slightest hesitation - luckily, we were there early enough.  All in all, after all the excitement of getting turned down at Garde Manger, and wandering in a near fruitless search for option #2, we settled in.  And - while the service was charming and attentive, and the restaurant had a wonderfully chic but warm ambiance, the food was... just... ok.We both shared a tuna tartare with home-made potato chips.  The tartare needed more acid; the potato chips crisp but overcooked and a little too browned.  The boy's peppercorn-crusted steak had nice flavour; the broccoli accompaniment was a surprisingly plebian ho-hum.  My coca-cola braised duck breast, though cooked a nice medium-rare, was just too sweet for my liking. By this time we had already been to Au Pied du Cochon and Toque! just the previous evening. And L'Orignal left just just a tad wanting...we'd be willing to go back and give it a chance, though... next time we're in Montreal.
4	Walked into this restaurant on a whim one Thursday evening, and while it was pretty empty when we arrive around 7pm, it got pretty full by the time we left.I particularly enjoyed their cocktails, which were curious and creative - a fig and date martini came with a "chaser" of blue cheese and their "red russian" was a fresh blend of pressed apple and beet juice.We indulged in a few oysters and scallops from the raw bar, which were tasty but ended up being a fair chunk of the bill (which should have been expected, but that's what happens when you don't ask when the waiter is tempting you with the selection).  Our food (cerf tartare, gnocchi & coleslaw between the two of us) was otherwise pretty decent though not outwardly spectacular by my Montreal resto standards, with the exception of the filet mignon which stood out as being melt-in-your mouth tender.
2	Went here for a birthday dinner in Montreal. The food was good, but being from NYC it was really nothing amazing. It was pretty pricey too...my boyfriend had the boar which was 40 dollars. this seemed a little much, esp since it was fairly plain. I had the rack of lamb which was ok, nothing special. Dinner ended up being $230 for 2 people, definitely not worth it. One plus is that Fred Savage was dining at the table next to us. That was very exciting!
4	An inventive, creative menu with helpful and attentive staff. I was dining by myself, so sat at the bar and enjoyed a nice selection of oysters with my martini. That was followed by the bison tartare, which was excellent. Several entres and specials looked very tempting, most running $23-25. I really liked the feel and general environment of the restaurant and look forward to returning on my next trip to Montreal. Certainly on the expensive side, but considering its location and food, but well worth it as a destination for a special event or couples/date night .
4	We had a really great time at L'Original.  The whole hunting lodge theme was cool.The staff were very friendly and attentive.  There was a food paparazzi (possible fellow yelper?) eating at the table next to us who seemed amazed by everything. The oysters were great, they had six different kinds, so we ordered two dozen.  The lamb mini-burgers were great ans was the Bison tartare and the venison.
5	One of the best restaurants I've been to in Montreal! The food was exquisite and the ambiance delightful.  The oysters were excellent, as was the selection of creative main dishes.  A must see, especially on Friday and Saturday nights as the night life picks up around 11 pm.
4	Great ambience, amazing service, and solid food. The menu is eclectic and unique and the braised bison we got was delicious. I recommend this place highly.
5	My boyfriend and I were visiting Montreal from New York and read about this place so decided to check it out. We wanted to get the poutine but didn't realize they only serve it after a certain time. So we ended up getting their lamb sliders and fries and they were delicious. If I'm ever in Montreal again I'd definitely go back. Still wishing we had been able to try their poutine.
4	My former roommate and dear friend Stacy suggested L'Orignal, which means "the Moose" in the quaintness of Old Montreal to have dinner while I was in town.   This restaurant felt like it was a hidden gem off the beaten path as the entrance is just off Rue Notre Dame, on a narrow side street. It was very intimate as you walk in with its candlelit dark interior and original stone walls and woodsy cabin-like feel.  The menu featured traditional Quebecoise cuisine (fish, game meats and top local products) and a fresh oyster bar.  They also have a late night menu which features poutine which I must try!
3	The good: The food. Hot damn, these people make excellent food!The bad: I'm getting old and it's starting to show. The ugly: The music is terrible and I felt it attracted super loud peopleIn the L'Orignal's defense, we showed up a bit early for our reservation. It was not their fault that I had to fight my way past obscenely loud and drunk patrons down the stairs and into the coat area. We did, however, have to wait about five minutes, standing around with these super loud people who were talk/shouting to each other because there was no host person and we couldn't figure out who worked there.When someone finally came by, they invited us to sit by the bar until our table became available. It was another lonely five minutes before someone came by to drop off a drink menu.By the time our table was available, I was already pretty tired of all the loud patrons, the crappy music, and hoped that we would be seated by people who didn't feel the need to shout to their friends sitting across from them - we weren't that lucky :(It was late and packed, so by this point, I just wanted to order, eat, and go. We decided to share our starter, the pork terrine (with pistachios and figs, red cabbage and daikon radish cole slaw) and get our own mains. The pork terrine and the slaw was fantastic! It calmed me down a bit and helped me regain some of the patience I had lost earlier. Our mains came - I had the elk steak with mini bok choy on beans with some type of salsa with chorizo. It was incredibly delicious and soul-soothing. My dearest had the deer stew with veggies on mashed potatoes. He said that he enjoyed it. Overall, the food was fantastic. I just wish we would have known to expect the overjoyously loud music and patrons.
5	This off the beat bistro with its authentic Quebecois dishes features venison, game meat, fish, fresh local produce, a great selection of wine and the service is impeccable. For after midnight, try their delicious poutine! Best service, the food is delicious and the decor is homey and elegant.
5	Best food we had on our trip to Montreal. The atmosphere is great - relaxed. Our server, Shannon, was awesome and made some great recommendations. Food was simply outstanding. It is pricy but well worth it.   Montreal has many great places to eat but our party vowed that on any future trips we will definitely come back here - it was just that good. I had the bison tataki as a starter and it was superb. For my entree I had the deer steak (recommended by server) and it was excellent. The cinnamon sidecar martinis were also very good. Recommended.
5	After a long day of wandering around from the LARP, to Tam Tams, to climbing up to the top of Mont Royal, it was time for my day's companion and I to grab some food. Dutifully I checked my yelp bookmarks of places I had yet to visit (Of which, I unfortunately have at this time of writing, far too many). This place sat atop the pile, and off to Old Town I began to venture.All in all, this is a fantastic experience. It's not overly expensive, around 75 a person, it has a great focus on local produce, and Quebecois game meat. A nice rustic ambiance. A nice gem in Old Port.Personally I stuck to the Yelp favourites. The tuna tar-tare had a brilliant balance of spice, and creamy sweet avocado. The tomato below, fresh, crisp, full flavoured.I opted for a main of the deer steak, perfectly cooked, and flavourful. Set atop a beautiful mash, parsnip and fresh local mini heirloom tomatoes. Still, so very full, a dessert must be tried upon the first visit. Chocolate mousse and caramel? Why yes, yes I shall. A nice balance of bitter and sweet, given my general dislike for the stupidly sweet chocolate concoctions so often featured on desert menus, this was a welcome relief.Ahh, but I forget to mention cocktails. The two samplings of the evening I tasted were the Moscow Moose(Mule), and The Concord Grape. The Moscow Mule was done exceptionally, no points for creativity, but full points for to the book execution. The concord grape reminded me of Welch's as a kid, except alcoholic. A wonderful thing if you are a boozing 8 year old. A interesting nostalgia 2 decades later. While it didn't pair at all with the deer, and I should have had wine, it was surprisingly welcome with the dessert.
5	This place was sensational in every way. That's all there is to it really...but for the sake of those reading I'll break down my meal a bit.I was in a group of 4, celebrating a good friend who will be getting married next month. We had a reservation for 6:15, and given that they open at 6 there was no wait.We started with some delicious and interesting cocktails (the concord grape crush was especially good) while looking over the menu and wine list. Our appetizers were the Lamb sliders and Tuna tartar, and both were excellent.  The burgers were perfectly cooked, a little pink still inside, and the the tuna mixture was perfectly spiced and super flavorful.With our wine and meal ordered, we didn't wait long for what had become a very anticipated main dish. We were NOT disappointed. My three friends had the Deer steak special, and I went with the roasted Halibut. They went on and on about how good the deer and Polenta were, and I still can't get over just how good my fish was and the squash puree it was placed on.After all this, we decided to share some desert, sampling all 4 flavors of their AMAZING and homemade sorbets (go with blueberry and raspberry), and their white chocolate Creme Brule. The food was amazing, the service impeccable. The place isn't cheap, but it's not insanely expensive either. For everything outlined above (including a bottle of wine with dinner) we were at $100 per person After tax and tip. An average main was about $24 just for comparisons sake.I WILL be going back!
5	L'Orignal has a fantastic atmosphere and some great options. Our server Shannon was more then helpful, having great knowledge of the menu. The pear salad was a party in my mouth, so much flavor! For the main we both had the chicken dish with the mushroom puree, I had to restrain from licking my plate! When you are in Montreal I highly recommend stopping.
5	While in Montreal we stumbled upon this place while walking in Old Montreal.  There are many to choose from, but this was a diamond in the rough.We got there early for our 6:30 reservation.  We sat at the bar to have a drink.  I noticed a great selection of bourbons and asked about a few.  The guy behind the bar was very knowledgable and allowed me to sample a few.  I chose one and my wife had a glass of persuco.  We chatted with the bartender and he made us feel very welcome.We ordered the steak tartare and the tuna tartare as appetizers.  They are known for the Tuna, but the steak was best ever.My wife had the wild boar and I had the daily special, braised short ribs.  Both cooked perfectly and falling off the bone.  The reduction on the ribs was great, not overpowering.  The portions were too large to finish.  It has a cool, stone loge atmosphere, eclectically decorated with vintage knick knacks and pictures.  Music was great alternative rock from the 70's through modern day.  We got out for about $100 a head with a couple of drinks each, including tip.  Very much worth it!!
3	*3.5*I was planning a birthday dinner for my bf and boy...where does one go in Montreal! With more restaurants per square mile than any other place in the world (or some insane statistic like that), the research was daunting. However, I stumbled upon L'Orignal and the reviews were good, and the website was informative, and the pictures looked great. So, I booked and was looking forward to the dinnerIntro. A walk downstairs brought us to the restaurant. It's decorated in woodsy tones and animal heads on the wall to go with the Moose theme. The place was packed for Saturday 7pm, and the hostess brought us to the worst table ever. We were wedged between a table of 14 and another table for two forming a L-shape. This meant that everyone who got up and down from the table of 14 bumped into my boyfriend and when the table beside us for two (they sat by a wall)  wanted to get out, we had to stand up. However, there were no other tables available...My bf and I started with a dozen oysters which were all right. I also had the Tuna Tartare which was the heaviest dish I have ever had. Large chunks of tuna smothered in some heavy mayonnaise-like sauce and the portion was the size of my head. Then, for my main, I had Elk which was so very big and heavy. For dessert, my bf loved their Tiramisu so much that we ordered two, so again, another heavy course.I will have to say that my review is slightly biased in that I was very sick afterwards (I suspect it was because I just had a huge Sausage lunch just hours before and I am not used to eating heavy dishes). Would I have loved the food if I was famished and on a different night? Perhaps. I'll give the restaurant that. However, I just thought the food was too much and too heavy.Service was just AMAZING! Our waitress was professional and kind and knowledgeable and very accommodating. The table for two beside us soon left and I asked if we could have their table (away from the table of 14 cougars). She said absolutely and even combined our table to make it for 4. I have to say, this was one of the best service I have received in Canadian restaurants which is why I am bumping this rating to a 3.5.With so many other restaurants in Montreal, I highly doubt I will be back here again.
4	Definitely one of the better eats in Montreal. They're open late, service is excellent and they have some unique game dishes if you're up to try something new. Must go back to try the rest of the menu.
5	fantastic food and cocktails. .i was disappointed that i could not get reservations at my favorite resto - Joe Beef.. i have to thank the L Hotel concierge for recommending this gem around the corner from the hotel... she described it as both modern and a good example of Quebec cuisine kicked up with a contemporary twist.  gotta love when your waiter really knows the food and cocktails.  between the two of us we had the bison tartare and smoked duck to start and the boar shoulder and the quall as entrees.  sampled 2 martinis and 2 cocktails and loved them.... i forget the same but the cucumber/grape cocktail was refreshing and a makes a great spring/summer drink.  my only regret is i wish we left room for dessert!  definitely a resto to repeat in future visits..
5	I loved this restaurant!  As a vegetarian I was nervous when this was touted as a game restaurant (l'orignal means moose afterall) but this is a restaurant I would go to OFTEN if I lived in Montreal.  The ambiance was so relaxed and fun, the food was fantastic, and my server was a cutie and very knowledgeable about the food.  He explained each dish in great detail which was very useful for deciding what I wanted to eat.  I got the oysters - if you like oysters GET THEM!  They were a delicious spread of West and East Coast.  I particularly enjoyed the New Brunswick oysters.  I got two starters for dinner the anchovy salad and the scallops and they were great.The kicker was the goat cheese cheesecake, this was everything I could want from goat cheese and more!  Delicious!!!!  Honestly what I got from this restaurant was the feel - it was fun, relaxed, and just seemed to enjoy food.  I have eaten at many of the top notch fancy Montreal spots but this really hit home for me.  I loved it.
5	Yee Gods was this good! Everything from the smoked duck appetizer to the venison chop was expertly prepared. The venison was served with the trendy Ecuador quinoa. Never had it before "yeah baby", it was a great compliment to the chop. Toss in a red peanut salad, some Malbec, terrific service from the whole Staff, and the whole experience goes nuclear - blinding perfection!
2	As a New Yorker we have eaten in some of the finest restaurants in the city. We were looking forward to a three star experience. We had a lovely server but I was disappointed in the food. The chef tries too hard to be different and looses subtlety of food taste. Everything is with a heavy hand. I ordered the halibut but it was dry. The flavor of the fish was overpowered by the peppers and the artichoke was so overdone that all the taste was lost. We arrived at 7:30 and the restaurant was quiet enough for conversation but then it became full and I couldn't even have a conversation and asked for the bill. Too bad disappointed
5	I have never had a better steak than the one I was served at L'Original in November 2011. It was an elk flank steak and I have been obsessed with finding a version of this delicious game meat ever since. Bison steaks have not been cutting it for me. The sides served with my steak were fantastic, if I could remember what they were. I'm guessing some sort of root vegetable puree or potato puree surely paired with a mixture of sprouts and microgreens. Whatever it was, I couldn't put down my fork!Also, the cheese plate was delicious. This place might take the cake for leaving me the most stuffed after any dining experience. My own fault, of course. Cheese plates are dangerous with only two people at the table...
5	Awesome - loved the great food and excellent service. There's real work from the chef to prepare amazing dishes blending flavors that end up like a firework in the mouth - highly recommended !
5	Happened upon this place by chance and what a treat!! Everything was perfect and is hands down the best place I've been.The decor is perfect, raw stone and wood, and although not large the place could accommodate quite a few larger tables without disturbing those wanting a more intimate setting.After some good cocktails we began with the duck smoked meat and for mains had the venison chop and boar shoulder.  Everything was perfectly proportioned to ensure most normal people could make it to dessert...which we had the bruele.  The meat was sensational, great mild seasoning and sides so you could still taste the fantastic cuts of veal and pig.Service was perfect as well, personable & knowledgeable.Will definitely be heading back to this place next time I'm in Montreal...and there are a ton of good places already, but this beats them.
5	One of Montreal's best restaurants hands down. Their chef Dan is phenomenal and produces just the best possible plates, from taste to presentation everything deserves five stars!! The waitress who mainly only spoke French made the biggest effort to speak in English to my boyfriend. This is a quality rarely seen in Montreal now a days so props to you! She was fantastic as well. They also have an amazing industry night Monday. A 25$ table d'haut, so worth it and the regular menu is mouth watering as well. I was truly impressed! Thanks guys!!
5	My favorite restaurant from our trip to Montreal. We were able to get a reservation without a problem, and I'm so glad. The cocktails were amazing. The list of wines by the glass is really short, but every one we tried was excellent (and reasonably priced). The decor is relaxing and the staff is welcoming.My husband started with the bison tartare, and I ordered the special of scallops two ways. Perfectly cooked scallops sitting among pickled-this and fruity-that--it was a really fun dish. My husband had deer steak (also a special) served with hummos and chick peas--great combination. The smoked duck was the highlight for me. It was so many flavors: tender smoky meat, soft mustardy something-or-other on top, pickle, crunchy rye. Put it all together, and I wanted to never stop eating it.We didn't have room for dessert, but that can wait for our next visit.
2	Perhaps I was unlucky, but what happened to me should not happen when your bill for two people is over 100 dollars.The menu is small and quite fatty. I saw a fish item that was supposed to be served with "eggplant sauce on top of tumeric pita and with israeli salad". After a long wait, the waiter informed us that they burned the pita and had to remake it, and assured me "it will be worth the wait". When it finally arrived, the pita was again dry and simply awful, the eggplant sauce was nothing but bagabanoush, and israeli salad was tabuleh. Except for the fish fillet, which was simple but nice, you can get the rest much much tastier at any middle-eastern street vendor! For much less than $30!!! The waiter was nice and tried to make up by offering free desert and a drink for me (sadly i do not drink :-\).My partners dish was a pork chop, and it was tasty but extremely fatty, like the rest of the main dishes on the menu. We ordered the free desert that was supposed to be whiskey-soaked cake. The cake was tasty, but they had covered the whole thing with a massive amount of whipped cream, so we could barely get to the cake. Everything else on the desert menu was also extremely heavy so we could not find anything.Overall, the menu is limited, the service slow, and the food not that good. Simply not worth the money.
3	L'Orignal was our third choice after we were unable to dine at two other restaurants due to Quebec's absurd liquor laws (not unlike Utah) that do not allow children to dine if the restaurant can serve people drinks without ordering food. I think that I have just eaten at too many great restaurants and they are all starting to seem the same to me. I think I need to return to much simpler, rustic fare to be re-inspired. We were seated promptly and our waitress was very nice and attentive. We started with New Brunswick oysters and the foie gras appetizer. I loved rye bread that accompanied the apps and creamy, curdy cheese underneath the foie gras was heavenly, as was the apple bacon chutney on the side of the plate. I probably should've just had a salad from there and called it good. For entrees, my husband got the pork chop special, which he enjoyed but the top of it was overcooked and dry. My daughter and I split the surf and turf which had beef instead of elk that night, with lobster salad & cabbage three ways. The steak was excellent. The lobster was barely discernible in too much mayo and the pureed red cabbage had too much vinegar. Hubby and daughter split the s'more dessert with meringue, chocolate fudge and graham cracker. They enjoyed it but it was too sweet for me. I guess I just expect to be more wowed when paying nearly $300 for dinner. I should've just gone to Schwartzes for smoked meat and an equally Canadian experience.
5	My wife, dad, and step-mom thoroughly enjoyed L'Original! I wish I could remember our waiter's name, because he was the best waiter I have ever had. He was patient and explained just about everything on the menu to us. He even recommended a bar for after dinner - and it was the same bar he was going to! You'd think the last place wait staff want to be is where their clients are going.But I digress... The food was AMAZING. My dad ate the boar (one of the specials) and loved it. My surf and turf was great, but I wished I'd had the boar. Get that if it is on the menu. For dessert, I had the blueberry cobbler. I was disappointed only because I was forced to share it. Definitely the place to go in Montreal!
2	I'm in Montreal for a couple days for meetings along with the rest of our division.  Eight of us had supper at Restaurant L'Orignal in Old Montreal.It was cute inside.I ordered the pork special.  I specifically said I just wanted potatoes and pork.  When it came, there were also asparagus and mushrooms.  When I mentioned it to our server, she said I must have miscommunicated with her.  Yet when I looked at the bill afterwards, it did say that I just wanted mashed potatoes.  So there!  The pork was apparently wrapped in plastic and poached in spices and then grilled to order.  It was okay, not great.  The mashed potatoes were cold and too pureed/mushy.  I was shocked when the bill came to see that it was $29!Desserts were a bit hit around the table!  I had blueberry crumble ... it was delicious!  It was the best part of the meal!I'm not a fancy schmancy diner so it's a treat when I'm in a nice restaurant.  Though our server was friendly and took good care of us (other than saying I had miscommunicated with her), I wasn't impressed with the food, especially considering the prices.
5	My wife and I found this place after random Googling/Yelping, looked at the pictures online and thought it looked good and decide to give it a shot. I've been to a lot of restaurants where i've looked at the pictures on the website, thought the food looked great and was then very disappointed by the presentation and flavor, however this place was not like that at all. The menu had a lot of great items, however we decided to go with the off-menu tasting which was recommended by the bartenders at Taverne Merchant Royal (owned by the same restaurant group - also a great place). In total we had 7 courses: 1. 4 Oysters2. The green salad3. Foie Gras Tourchon4. A tomato salad - I think this was a special5. Bison Tartare & Duck Smoked Meat6. Guinea Fowl 2 ways - the special that night7. Deconstructed S'moreEvery course was great, however the Duck Smoked Meat was probably one of the best things I've had in my entire life! The meat was perfectly prepared and the different bits that came with it made it even better. If you go with the tasting menu, you won't be disappointed, however I highly recommend the Duck Smoked Meat if it's available. Desert was also great, but we were too full to eat it all.Service was great, the waitress was very friendly and explained every course and also the wine tastings they had selected to go with my meal(s). If you are only in Montreal, definitely check this place out, even if it only for a quick drink and an appetizer.
4	Spent some quality time in this little sunken spot this week, making use of the Open Table service via the Yelp app in one case, and just wandering in to sit at the bar a few days later, drawn back for more. Fresh, plump, perfectly clean oysters were the standouts for this kid, who is currently on a kick, but I also swooned sincerely for the duck done up like smoked meat, and the roast chicken plate and the goat cheese cheese cake. Cocktails appreciated included the Moscow Moose, the grape Martini and that one with the grapefruit which was memory-bendingly delicious. I like that this restaurant is tucked off an Old Port sidestreet, an easy walk from downtown metros and close enough to cobblestones for a rolick on your walk home. I like the dim lighting, the corner tables and deep booths, and the incredibly friendly staff, who have been markedly professional by me in all cases, except for that one back and forth over our heads about who had seated whom and whose fault that was. An unnecessary awkward pause in some otherwise nicely dreamy evenings.
5	Fantastic dinner for our party of 11!  For starters, we had the bison tartare, smoked duck, and tuna tartare special.  All delicious!  I had the braised venison as a main course and it was incredible! In all, we ordered most of the main dishes on the menu, and everyone went away happy! Great evening, and the restaurant staff provided excellent service, including helpful advice on wine selection.  We were very impressed!
5	Food was amazing. Service was great and. Very friendly. Will definitely be back next time I'm in Montreal!
5	I was first introduced to L'Orignal earlier this year at Table of Hope, an annual fundraiser for a local charity called Share the Warmth. L'Orignal was there serving, amoungst other things, a killer chocolate dessert. I immediately grabbed their card and made a point to visit their restaurant. Ok to be honest I grabbed two more of the desserts then I grabbed their card! Since then I've had the opportunity to eat at L'Orignial twice and have thoroughly enjoyed every bite. The atmosphere and service is top notch. The restaurant is small and cozy and the design naturally breaks the space into a few even smaller areas so it feels even more intimate. As their name suggests the main thrust of L'orignal's menu is gamey, but as a person who does not eat meat (I do eat fish and seafood) I'm always able to find something scrumptious on the menu. Also, they are oyster experts, so it is a mistake not to start a meal without at least a few fresh oysters on your plate.  And of course don't forget dessert!
4	I chose this place for my husbands 40th Birthday dinner. We were visiting Montreal and I knew he really wanted to eat game meat while visiting this area and L'Original  came up repeatedly as the place to go. The location is on a quite alley area, the restaurant is a very woodsy chic decor. I felt that the menu was amazingly inventive, however for someone who prefers not to eat game meat you choices are limited. But in the true spirit of why we came, my husband was overwhelmed by options, bison, elk, duck, it was great to see them elevated to a higher level. In full disclosure this is not a cheap place, you come here and just for food you are looking at a minimum of $50pp. The only reason I am not giving them a 5 star review, is because the waitress was down right rude. The level of service she gave us (English speakers) vs the French speaking patrons was like night and day. It was precisely the experience of she was borderline polite to us, but chatty, flirty and animated with all of the patrons around us. It was a slightly deflating experience to what was a special night for us. In the end, I will say our food was excellent. The bison tartare was flavorful with the right balance of flavors. The red salad was fresh and inventive and I enjoyed the creativity of committing to a dish that was only one color but had great flavor dimension. The chicken dish was like comfort food, hearty and would be perfect on a cold winter night. My husband opted for the surf and turf, a bison fillet and lobster served three ways. It was an artistic plating, and he enjoyed the combination of flavors. I would recommend it, but hold your expectations on the level of customer service to be low, so that you are not disappointed.
5	Had pirogues, ceviche and pizza with white wine. It was great . I highly recommend it.
2	The disclaimer is that this is not a full review.  The service was so odd, awkward and potentially drug-effected, that our party left after a single overly salted appetizer. The waitress was jangly, pushy, non-responsive to requests, telling us what we should eat instead of letting us select, telling us that we were required to order entrees and mains at the same time, even though the restaurant was empty. The hard sell and the instructions on how we need to order in a vacant restaurant was off-putting. Her clipped, abrupt manner seemed to be a result of a very bad day, some awful pre-work news, a handful of diet pills or that first line of biker's coke before service. What should have been a $140 dollar peaceful meal was a $40 20-minute countdown, making us eye the door and trying to finish before the next strange encounter with the server-from-speedville.I would try it again if the front of house was a little more emotionally together and professional and the back of house was not so salty.It seems like a very nice place. Perhaps this was a bad night. (That said, it was pretty strange and a little reminiscent of the aggressive homeless that were so ubiquitous in Old Montreal a decade ago.)
5	L'Orignal has a fantastic atmosphere and some great options. Our server Shannon was more then helpful, having great knowledge of the menu. The pear salad was a party in my mouth, so much flavor! For the main we both had the chicken dish with the mushroom puree, I had to restrain from licking my plate! When you are in Montreal I highly recommend stopping.
5	The duck smoked meat with mustard pearls is fantastic! The atmosphere is cool too.
4	Was here for dinner. As soon as you walk in you feel like you are in a cabin up north. Very nice and cozy. We started with a mix of oysters which were very tasty and the smoked duck which was much better than i had imagined. I ordered the lamb shoulder and as my main and it was extremely succulent and cooked to perfection. The menu is nit very big but i could have easily ordered any of the dishes as they all sounded good. For dessert we had an apple crumble which was nice and warm with a scoop of whisky ice cream on top. The whole bill came to $166 plus tax and tip. We each ordered 2 drinks each, so for all that the price is very reasonable for the area. Our waiter was extremely friendly and took his time explainable all the specials and was always there right when we needed anything. There are parking lots and spaces right outside and it is located right in old Montreal which is a huge plus.
3	Don't get me wrong it is a nice restaurant but when you consider price quality ratio, it just doesn't deliver. We started with oysters. Nice and fresh. No bread an butter. Actually it costs extra!  The pasta with rabbits  was nice but the portion just too small and I felt sorry for the empty plate. The desert ( crepe cake) was nothing special. The service was also just basic. All I am saying is in a city like Montreal, there are far better choices.
5	This is by far one of the best restaurants in Montreal both it terms of food quality and service. The restaurant is cozy but large enough to accommodate a moderately sized group. The wine selection is impeccable and the Caesars are a must-try. Want a real treat? Have a dozen oysters followed by the rabbit pasta. You'll leave wondering if you've just been to heaven.
5	Great place- the chef will make foie gras poutine for you if you're nice! Also, the 1/2 smoked chicken with a beurre blanc emulsified with foie gras was to die for! A great meal and the bartender/manager is GREAT!!!!
5	Had a great experience for dinner. The restaurant has a great atmosphere that is perfect for date night or dinner with work colleagues. Our server made the night for us. She was pretty much a one-woman show. She knew everything about the menu and did a great job going over every dish for us. She also picked out some great wines for us to try that were delicious. Overall, I would highly recommend!
5	Expensive, but what a treat.  It's a bit dark inside as it's in the basement.  But the decor is very rustic and it adds to the ambiance.  The service was excellent.  The chef changes the sides frequently and the waitress made everything sound delicious.  My husband and I both had the trout.  It was cooked perfectly and melted in my mouth.  I had the most delicious heirloom tomatoes that tasted like they came straight off the vine.  My husband had the smoked salmon which he said was excellent.  We shared a chocolate mousse, but I could have easily eaten 2 more if not for the calories.
5	Service was exceptional. It is a very cozy restaurant with ambience beyond belief. Attention to detail is the key attribute of this restaurant. Many unique dishes that you cannot find anywhere else in Montreal.
4	This place prides itself on locally sourced food and it does not disappoint. We started with the tomato and ricotta salad. Ricotta is made in house and has a soft creamy texture and tasted great. The tomatoes were delicious especially when you consider that we are at the end of tomato season. Our entree was the venison for two and it was amazing. It came with salad, potatoes and glazed carrots as accompaniments. It is plenty of food for two and everything tasted delicious. The service was very cordial. The location was contemporary rustic. I overheard the hostess telling someone that it has recently been remodeled. Very pleasant to be in. Would recommend.
4	What a gorgeous, cozy space to spend a few hours in. The menu is really lovely and rich, a perfect Winter spot I'd say. I had the heirloom tomato salad with grilled aubergine and ricotta cheese, followed by the cod with kale and lentils. My meal was very good and my meat eating colleagues loved their deer and bone marrow. The wines by the glass are a tad limited, but I won't hold that against them. Everything was a little on the salty side and the dessert (flourless chocolate cake with a squash mousse) was just ok.
5	Chalet chic done right! One feels like they are Up North in the Country Cottage while being nestled warmly in this Old Montreal eatery. The food, atmosphere, staff, and music are delightful, and the owners make you feel at home every time. This place is a new Montreal institution situated in Old Montreal.
5	My wife and I were in Montreal for one night only, and we could not possibly have picked a better place for our only dinner in town. From the moment we walked down the stairs and experienced the inviting scent of cedar(?), we knew were were in for a awesome experience. The ambience is classy but comfortable, and the service was top-notch. We especially appreciated chatting with the sommelier about her recommendations, which of course were excellent.Overall, the drinks, food, and service were all top-notch, and well worth the price. (I've paid more for worse in all three areas.) Steak tartare and a venison chop were personal highlights, but everything we ordered was fantastic. My only regret is that we can't go again until we find ourselves in the city again.
