4	Man, this place was the bomb. Can you say Mango Habanero!, These are one of the hottest ones but damn are they delicious. Me and my brothers went there. We ordered 4 different kinds (they have 14 flavors). We got Caribbean Jerk, Hot, Asian Zing, and Mango Habanero. We all loved the Asian Zing also. The Caribbean Jerk were ok, kinda had a after taste. The Hot were also ok, nothing special but still delicious. Please if you like to drink up and watch sports this is the place. A bunch of big screens all over the walls. Oh yeah they also serve ribs, hamburgers, sandwiches, breast bites, etc. Just go and let me know. Peace
5	Great family and adult bar.The environment is overall very friendly open and smoke free. Any and every kind of sports event will be on one of  their 8 billion TVS. Crowd is diverse, from guys night out to family lunches and dinners. On Friday and Saturday nights, after 10, a younger crowd (under 30) frequents the bar, but nothing too crazy. Beer is decently priced, especially the tall boys, and the food is a little high, but very tasty! I have never had a bad time there.
4	Do you love sports and trivia?  Do you have a burning love for wings?I have just the place for you...Buffalo Wild Wings.  And that's just what they have - wild wings.My favorite day here is Thursday.  Thursday = 50 cent boneless wing day.  I love boneless wings.  They are tasty and not as messy as traditional wings.  The ones here are great because they are nice and crispy (see FRIED) on the outside and hot and juicy (see MEATY) on the inside.  A perfect combo to match with one of their many sauces.  They even have a page in their menu with the sauce listings and descriptions.  They also list them in a heat-o-meter style so you know just what to order to suit your spicy taste.  You + a buddy + $15 +Thursday at BWW = 4 flavors, 24+wings, celery, ranch, bleu cheese, and enough wet naps to clean up even the messiest wingstravaganza.If you are more of a traditional style wing fan, hit up 40 cent wing Tuesdays and chow down on all of the wings you want.  They also have a karaoke night and other gimmicky feature nights, but the wings are where it's at.  They have a lot of beers to choose from, but the selection is a little lacking for a gal who likes an amber ale.  Most people would (and should) be satisfied with the selection - especially for a chain establishment.As for the sports, it's a good place to watch.  They have several (6 maybe?) gigantic projection screens so no matter where you sit you can see your game - as long as it's something reasonably popular.  Don't be tryin' to see your exhibition game when some national contest is being decided.  They also have about 30 other TVs showing other sports and the trivia game being played.  The place is family friendly, but I find that this is the type of place where parents just let their kids run amok (see ARCADE GAMES).  Leave 'em at home please - for me?
3	My biggest issue with this place is the location.  I don't live out there... but a couple of friends do... so...$.40 WINGS ON TUESDAYS!!!!!!!The place is huge.  They have huge TVs.... I can see where it would be a log of fun if there was a good game and a bunch of friends.  There is plenty of beer, and CHEAP WINGS.   So, after work, I wandered (more like drove for ages even though i work on the west side) over for CHEAP WINGS.... Life is good with a table, a beer, and CHEAP WINGS.  Did I mention the CHEAP WINGS?
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!! I just moved out to East Mesa and will miss it. The wings and service are great. Back when I lived in Cleveland we called it BW3'S BABY!!!
4	You have to understand, I have this love/hate relationship with my stomach. I have a masochistic addiction to terrible, terrible food. And BWWs is the culinary dominatrix of my dreams.Buffalo Wild Wings will punish you. The queso dip will dominate your GI tract. The hot sauces will humiliate your palate. The potato wedges will whip your insides to a frenzy (ok, that one was a stretch - you try keeping an S&M food analogy going more than three lines).Oh BWWs, I kneel in supplication. Your hot wings deliver, your popcorn shrimp are awful/wonderful, and I dream about your queso dip when I'm away. I even love your pathetic attempt at nachos. Oh I know the pain will come, but I'll take it. You're cheap and dirty, just how I like it.
4	The service is great. Unless you come on a game night. Or your friend asks the waitress for her phone number.The food is fab. And by "food" I mean wings. Nothing else counts. That's why I can't really dock them for having shrunken, misshapen potato wedges, watery coleslaw, bare bones ribs or tasteless nacho chips. It's a wing joint. It would be like docking points from a pizza joint for having a dried up hamburger. Check the sign, buddy. If it says "Buffalo Wild Wings", then chances are that's the only safe food to eat.The atmosphere is dull and lifeless. Unless there's a game going on. And then there's too much atmosphere. If you're lucky the screams and cheers of the other diners will drown out the fact that your food is like a half an hour late and your sprite needs a refill.The price is appalling. Unless it's a Wing Tuesday or Boneless Thursday. In which case it's only semi-appalling, if you have no bones with paying extra for a cup of ranch or bleu cheese. Look, not to be a pain in the ass, but you have vats of them in the back. Maybe if you had a little man sitting there in the back heaving and hoeing to pump that artery-clogging goodness in its tiny plastic cups, then I wouldn't mind so much. But I shouldn't have to pay an extra 50 cents because you can't afford to offer 40 cent wings or 50 cent legs three times a week. Take a fucking economics class, you bum.
3	I have been here about 4 times , usually when I have a coupon. We have been with the kids (both teens) and we have never had a bad experience. They can be a little stingy with the sauces...like we all asked for ranch and was brought one little container...oh well.Their wings are tasty and they have a good variety. I had a great time playing the trivia and totally kicked ass !!! I won a round and decided to stop while I was on top. Everyone here has always been friendly and will definitely return .
4	After reading the other reviews, here are some things you need to know.- There are many different sauces for the wings. If something is too hot: get a different sauce the next time.- This is a sports bar. It's built around sports, wings, and alcohol. It is NOT a romantic spot, a high class restaurant, or a place to have deep conversation. On the other hand, if you want to watch a game, play trivia, and hang out in a loud bar, you've found home.- The staff at this location are friendly and professional, and work their butts off. Any bar that doesn't let me go thirsty has earned my business.
1	We've given this BWW franchise several tries and each time they've bombed. Very disappointing considering the other Buffalo Wild Wings in the valley are good. Mismanagement plays a huge part - the staff seems unhappy, management is defensive and rude. The atmosphere at this location is lousy. The wings are tiny sample sizes compared to other BWW locations (and overcooked every time), salads are smaller too. Five out of five times they've messed up our orders - both dine-in and takeout. We won't be back. Worst review I've ever given and unfortunately well deserved! :(
4	I've been to a few Buffalo Wild Wings before but I don't remember the food being this good! We started out with nachos with chicken for an appetizer was super yummy! The cheese and chicken was fresh. The tortilla chips fresh and thin! I had the buffalo child ranch wrap! It was great and super fresh as well! The waiter was prompt and overall a good experience!
2	I took my wife and the girls last night to happy hour at Buffalo Wild Wings. The place was very crowded and loud.  The waitress was not that friendly and started by asking for my i.d. along with my wife's.  I find this somewhat irritating since I am in my mid forties and it is obvious that I am not under age.  We service was good but not exceptional and it matched the food.  Nothing special!  I think if you look around you can find a better deal with better quality food.
3	As a follow-up to my previous review, there's one other helpful hint.We used to go to BWW for the UFC events. However, UFC100 was the last one we'll see. We arrived 2 hours in advance to find people saving seats in the bar, and unable to get a seat in the dining room. In the end, we were seated with a bunch of teenagers in a large booth.If I arrive two hours early AND pay a cover, I kinda expect semi-comfortable seating. We won't be back.
5	Love this place! Good food friendly staff and love all the tv's, the atmosphere is great!
5	We LOVE BWW!! My husband is from Canada and before he moved here, he always talked about how much he missed going to BWW. The wing sauce choices are great because there is such a variety, everyone will find something they love. My personal faves are Parmesan Garlic and Asian Zing. 60 cent boneless wings on Thursdays is a great deal. For those of you "offended" by being carded, don't show up. They card everyone. Get over it. Only downfall: Happy hour beer prices are only for draft beer. Draft beer makes me sick so that's a bummer. They do have $4.00 margaritas though, so that makes up for it. Also, on Thursdays they charge for ranch or bleu cheese to go w/ the wings. Whatever. They're still the best!!
4	I admit that I only usually come here on Tuesdays cuz that's when they have their special on wings. I LOVE eating wings and I totally fell in LOVE with the SALT & VINEGAR flavor...oh man! That is what I'm talking about!!!This place can get crowded and service is not as great due to crowds, but it's alright.
5	Went to BWW for the last UFC fight. There were five of us in our party and we chose to sit out on the patio. The service was incredible and when the sun went down and it got a bit chilly, the staff brought out gas heaters which made a huge difference! The food was wonderful as always and we had plenty left over. Also, to the reviewer who suggested people leave their kids home: Might I suggest you choose a location where children aren't allowed such as the bar area in Native New Yorker. Wild Wings is a FAMILY restaurant. That doesn't mean I condone allowing children to "run amok," however, unless you are in an environment that is specifically for those "over 21," children will probably be there.
4	I have been this Buffalo just a few times. However, I always enjoy my time here. The fact that they stay open late is a definite plus. Recently I made a trip here for my sister's 20th birthday celebration. Her friends, being the sneaky snakes that they are, got the waiters to bring her a peice of cake and sing to her (which is something they don't normally do). She loved it. The entire experience was great. The waiters are friendly and the food was really good. Usually I order the medium boneless wings and the southwestern dippers to start off with. I can't say much for their alcoholic beverages, despite the fact that I am now 21, I've never gotten a drink there. The happy hour menu, is pretty legit.
5	Wonderful experience, ask  for Julia... best server I've had in a long long time.
3	The food is good....selection is ok.  The service is good. It is WAY loud ALL of the time.  I understand that it is more of a sprots bar kinda feel but not being able to hear the waitress was a little frustrating/We will go back I am sure of it.
5	Great staff.  Fast service.  Able to handle a crowd.  Largest B-Dubs I've seen.  I Like It.
4	We have eaten at Many BWW's for years and this location about 5 times in last 10 months...Two complaints:  Noisy (we go for wings, not sports bar atmosphere...so try to hit off times)  and COST...wings are getting outrageous...we spend $30-40 for dinner for two without alcohol.Service is great.  Curry wings are to die for.  tons of flavors.  Manager took awesome care of us when half our wings came out cold on one of our many trips..even in the busy times, we have never had a bad or inattentive waitress.We'll continue to go as often as our budget and waistlines can afford tit:).
4	Typical sports bar with a clean and open atmosphere.  Found a great seat quickly off to the side of the busy bar where I could people watch.  My server, Ennio was johnny-on-the-spot with a menu and drink suggestions. He even suggested waiting a few more minutes for the 10pm happy hour!  I gratefully accepted and respect him for informing me!  He came back promptly at 10pm for my order.  I decided to trythe the Parmesan garlic chicken wings, a shot of Di Saronno liqueur and a tall Blue Moon with an orange slice to wash it all down!  What can I say! Everything was superb! The Parmesan garlic wings where cooked to perfection, the garlic parm sauce was OMG delicious! Not to garlicky with plenty of the wholesome Parmesan cheese flavor!  Celery sticks arrived but sadly, accompanied by a teeny weeny ranch sauce which was much to scrawny with only a half shot or so of ranch dressing for dipping. I definitely expected more dippy sauce for a half dozen wings and a load of celery sticks.  A place like this should know better than to go skimpy on sauce! Shaaaaame!  Hahaha!  Over all, I thoroughly enjoyed the food, drinks and atmosphere. The staff was fully attentive and happy to serve.  I'll be back with friends for sure.
1	It's closed! They didn't pay their rent"
1	They are closed now. They forgot to tell their employees that they were closing so when people showed up for their shifts the following day, they showed up to a locked door. Now thats Classy
1	Way to go not letting employees know...that's awesome!
1	Not impressed with the food at all, chicken was dry. Was offered outdoor seating with misters but they forgot to mention being surrounded by smokers and the misters weren't working. Manager did his best along with our second waitress, but I won't be returning.
5	My 5 stars is for the fact that I passed by the location last night and THEY ARE RE-OPENING!!!  No word on when...but there is evidence outside that they are already working on it and the sign just says "OPENING SOON!"  Thank goodness!!!!  The food may not be the greatest, but this place became a favorite hangout and "neighborhood watering hole" for friends and I! Not many sports bars like this in the West Valley.  I no longer have to have a moment of silence and "pour one out for the homies" every time I pass by! Now I can smile and start the countdown to OPENING DAY! Hope it's just in time for football season!
3	They just reopened.  Tons of TV's, lots of waitstaff, nice clean place.  Wings and beer are relatively pricey (best is 60 cent wing Tues with $5 22 oz drafts).  Native New Yorker actually has better wings but this is a newer restaurant with a lot more HD TV's and room to move around in.
1	My husband and I have been there twice and each time the kitchen has gotten our order wrong. The first time I figured it was because the restaurant had just opened and the kitchen was new. Now this second time they got our order  (6 Asain Zing 6 BBQ traditional) wrong (they gave me 12 zing) and we got the mis-ordered wings free. Also we got the wings (the BBQ) that came out free because it took a long time. Now to top this experience off when I started eating I found a hair beneath the sauce of my BBQ wings and no it was not mine. The only bright side I can say are the servers are excellent the kitchen it just a sorry excuse. Until I hear the kitchen has gotten their act together I will not be going back.
5	I love the remodel! Food is great as always, can't wait to come back this Sunday. Staff is friendly and their are a ton of TVs. What more could a man ask for?
3	Been here a couple of times.  This place is ok.  Service was good.  I had the chili cheese fries.  They were so bad.  I also had a whiskey and coke.  I can't really say much good or much bad about this place.  It was really really cold inside, though.
2	Was happy to hear BWW re-opened at this location in Glendale.  We met several friends there to watch a football game and enjoy some food.  It was ok.  The service was slow, had to keep asking people for refills, food was average.  We/ve always like the wings at BWW so those were good, I tried fried pickles for the first time and enjoyed them.  They brought the wrong order for 3 people in our party of 7.  Waitress gave my hubby a beer, he took a sip from it and told her it wasn't Blue Moon (like he ordered).  She said "Oh, it's a Michelob Utra!" They proceeded to ask a couple of other waitresses nearby if they were waiting on an Ultra.  She went to hand the beer to another waitress (to give to another patron).  I practically jumped out of my seat and stopped her...I told her AGAIN, my husband took a sip of it and realized it wasn't Blue Moon...you can't give it to that person!  She gave me a glare and told my husband he shouldn't have sipped from it if he didn't plan on drinking it.    I told her that she brought him the WRONG BEER....I told manager on duty what happened, between the beer, waitress trying to give to another patron after sip was taken, orders messed up with 3 at our table, etc.  We were not happy with this visit AT ALL.
3	Came for a munchies ...clean, friendly staff.....except the service was slower than slow.  We ordered our drinks and had to ask for them a couple times.  While our waiter was running around trying to get all his tables tended too, one waitress was just standing at a booth chatting away like she had no care in the world.
1	Absolutely LOVE Buffalo Wild Wings but will never return to this location. Went for dinner on a Sunday n I was pretty patient considering they were slammed cuz football. Waited about 40mins for our food which came out wrong n I had ordered 8 boneless wings n received six. Service was terrible. Manager took 20% off our bill, but was rude n server appeared confused about it. I will drive 30 mins to a different location. Highly disappointed.
4	I'm glad they reopened.  Good service, good food.We're not really sports bar people but come here b'c the wings are dee-lish.  There's plenty of tables and booths and TVs though.
4	I'm a fan of Buffalo Wild Wings; but my last trip left more to be desired.  Most visits have been generally great experiences, unfortunately my non-meateating friend was served a 100% beef patty, not the blackbean burger he ordered.My Spinach-Artichoke Chicken Flatbread was delicious.  They have delicious options aside from their wings.
4	We ordered the 24 wings (8 honey bbq, 8 lemon pepper, & 8 hot).  It is nice that they can split up the wings that way and everyone get their own flavors.  I loved my lemon pepper wings.  YUM!  I ordered and shared a flatbread pizza:  Garlic parm chicken.  Right on!!!  The served was ok.  We had to ask for refills.
5	Seriously love this place. For the people who complain about any wait on food or a table, you can SEE how many people are sitting in the restaurant. Go to Little Caesars down the street on a Friday night if you want your wings in 2 minutes. I'm so happy this location reopened. The TVs are great, you can easily watch like 3 games at a time from the bar tables. My husband and I are treated like regulars whenever we walk in. The wings are awesome- order them crispy and wet for the perfect meal.
3	Food is great but service for food and even drinks takes FOREVER make sure you have No plans the rest if the night when coming here as you will spend most time waiting for service.
3	I love their tortilla chips & salsa!  Try it next time you're there :)
4	Watched a colts game here while in town. Place was crowded as hell, but some nice dude let us sit with him. This is the nicest bdubs I've ever been to. Tons of big screens and a cool layout. Food was good but typically overpriced. They (and this goes for the whole chain) need bigger restrooms.
5	Excellent service....drinks full the whole meal, suggestions for a new sauce when i didn't like the one i ordered, with no hesitation....good food too. Definitely coming back!
2	Jasmine was our waitress. She is AWESOME! Unfortunately, it's still loud, crowded and overpriced. I give Jasmine 5 stars but the atmosphere dragged it down to two. Also, I had played several songs on the jukebox. During the middle of one of them, it shut off and skipped to my next song....which stopped and went to the next one..I couldn't figure out what was going on until I saw a server with a remote control in front of the TouchTunes machine, skipping through the songs I just played. I went up to her and asked why she was doing that. She told me they were just random songs that plays automatically. I told her that, actually, I had played them. She said that another customer had requested they play something else. Newsflash***It's a machine where you can put money in and choose what you want to hear just like I did!!!!! They couldn't get it to go back and replay the songs she skipped and the manager didn't do a damn thing to correct this. It's certainly not a huge deal, but I thought it was a bit ridiculous that they just randomly decided to do that....Honestly, this place is just not cutting it, even after their renovations....
5	I don't care if anyone else gives this less than 5 stars because I freakin' love it!  Their Asian Zing boneless wings are what my Happy Hour dreams are made of.  They have great seasonal beers on tap throughout the year as well.  I'm a huge fan of their buffalo chips as well with chipotle dry seasoning...but ask for them well well well done, or they'll come out super soggy.  Mmmmmmmm.I wish it wasn't so loud in there, but it is the best place to go for Happy Hour on Fridays.  Ask for Chris...he is my favorite waiter there by far.  Most of the them are great, but I have had to deal with one who came to our table once and then took way too long to come back and get our order or bring our food.  My other complaint, that won't stop me from coming, is their hostess stand.  You could stand there for hours with 2 hostesses right in front of you and not be acknowledged...not even a, "We'll be with you in a second."  Nothing.  Most of the time I just bypass them now and tell them I'm going to the bar and listen to them stammer as I leave them in my dust.
5	This place is always great! The servers are so friendly and remember us whenever we come back in. They're wonderful and patient with our 2 year old daughter who tends to throw food and scream when she's angry. The Honey BBQ and Asian Zing boneless are so good! FRIED PICKLES! Amazing. We go every Sunday during football season!!
1	went here last week and the server was very rude and when I talked to her about it she acted like she didn't care.   I guess I can spend my money other places.
2	maybe we ordered the wrong things.... 12 boneless, nachos & a black & blue burger.  burger was ok. boneless chicken was like the frozen stuff you buy out of the grocery stores, bleh! and my nachos would have been ok if it was prepared as I asked!  it was a to go order so I asked them to separate the wet toppings on the side for me so I could put it on when we got home so it wasn't mushy... we had mushy nachos. gross.  the were generous w/ the military discount tho I'm not sure we'll be back.
2	If your namesake is wings, they should be awesome. And at BWW, the wings are merely mediocre. They do offer a wide range of sauces but nothing stood has stood out so far in my experience. They offer all-you-can-eat wings on Thursdays during lunch but their idea is to wait the customer out - we were there for 75 minutes with a very light crowd and we only got to re-fill our baskets (4 wings at a time) three times. That's barely passable service.In terms of their drinking selection, BWW is really missing the mark. They understandably are catering to the sports fan crowd but to make it synonymous with only mass produced beer is terrible. There are so many craft options they could incorporate, especially local in Phoenix, and they really could do better if they aspire to be a go-to bar.There is nothing wrong with BWW, there are just so many other good options, especially for their price point.
5	Best wings in Avondale!
4	We visited twice in a week, the first time was fight night so it was busy and loud. Overall it was positive, food was good, Mariah served us and did a great job. The only negative would be the front door hostess isn't the fastest at acknowledging you when you come in.Second time was a Friday about 4 it wasn't to bust yet, but the food was good, Jess served us and did a great job as well, manager walking about asking of everything was good, which is always good. The only negative again is the front door greeting or hostess just isn't what it could be. I would visit again.
2	All I can say is okay food and TERRIBLE customer service at EVERY location. I think it's in their handbook that they have to be slow and mess up your order cuz even getting a glass of water takes about 10-15 minutes!!!!
4	Not too bad of a place to watch games but don't expect too great of service especially when busy. The food is so so and they will charge you for extra sauces so use them wisely. Other then that it's a good sports bar to go to
1	Bad food horrible service if your a women and theirs some kind of big event going on. I will NEVER be back here again. I rather go to Apple Bee's and deal with the long wait.
1	Food is good but the service is awful!  Every time we want to go there, we always think of bad service!  One time they took an hour to serve us and it wasn't even busy!
2	Bad food and bad service.  Been here twice since the reopening and likely wont be back.  +1 star for the TVs.
3	As expected of any Buffalo Wild Wings, this place was on par with all other places. We spiced it up this time and tried the Pepper Steak Wrap, along with the Mango Habanero, and Carribean Jerk. Would definitely do the whole combo again, although the Habanero killed my taste buds for awhile LOLGet here early on special event nights! BWW doesn't charge covers for UFC fights, but the place starts getting packed during prelims. And then...I heard they also ran out of chicken, whoops :P
1	The wings are substandard, service was okay. There are so many better places for wings. I don't understand why this place is popular, my guess would be the TVs.
1	Wings were good (not better than others) Service was good except :::: Like the airlines they are nickle and dime you.  They ask :"carrots or celery ranch or blue cheese" . What they don"t ask is you will pay for them.... $.60 each for 3 celery stocks and a small cup of dressing.  It add over $4.00 to our bill.  Sorry Buffalo, on to the next hunting grounds.   Did I add, too loud to talk.
2	I really want to like this place since it is not too far away, it's big, has lots of TVs and is a reasonably good place to watch a sporting event. Unfortunately 10 wings for $11 in a cardboard tray that are average at best, never hot and never extra crispy as ordered just doesn't cut it. Every time I have been here, I order my wings extra crispy and they come mushy and never hot and crispy.  I have never had this problem at any other sports bar or restaurant I've gone to.  Since wings are the main thing they do, you think they would have it down but they definitely don't.  Having lots of commercials and a large selection of sauces doesn't mean your wings are good.I get they are trying to cut costs by putting them in cardboard trays, but they are more expensive than any other sports bar and not as good, so I just don't get it.I have been here half a dozen times since it re-opened and every time I kick myself on the way out for coming here.  I usually don't come back for months and then see the commercials or someone's going there etc. and come back and it's always subpar!  A couple of times the service has been so poor I have almost gotten up and walked out.  I don't plan on coming back unless I can ever get hot and crispy wings or have a family member friend who begs me to go here.
4	They are so nice and attentive here. I like wings, beers, food, and good company.  So I have no complaints!
2	The food was fine, so I have no complaints there.  However, the wait time for food and drinks on this visit was just insane.  After being at our table for ONE HOUR we still don't have our food.  People around us have arrived, eaten, and left since we got here.  This is my first visit to this location, and I don't think we'll be back.
4	You can't go wrong with Buffalo Wild Wings. Beer, Wings, and over a dozen flat screens on which to watch sporting events. The only thing l will say, is that it sometimes gets too loud and it's hard to carry a conversation.
5	I came here to watch the St. Louis blues play and with in seconds of me sitting down one of the managers came up to me and said the game would be on the big tv directly infront of me, without me having to ask at all.
1	Between the servers talking crap about patrons or the servers kids running around my table and honestly its about the homeliest staff ive ever seen i cant go back. The servers need to shut up and the person who hires needs to be fired
2	Over-priced and overrated. Somewhere along the way, this chain started prioritizing the gimmick over the food.
2	Honestly, I expected better.  It took a while to get seated even though tables were open, the service was not so great, and it took too long for our drinks to arrive...our food made it to the table first.  Just not my favorite.
1	My family and I went here for dinner,  and one star overrates our experience. We were seated right away, but after 15 minutes of waiting we had to go ask for a waitress to serve us. We waited a long time for our food and had to ask for silverware. Finally, we were overcharged. The waitress double charged us for the wings we ordered. So, we had to wait another 30 minutes to get our bill corrected. The icing on the cake was cold food.
4	WINGS BEER SPORTs, Iove that they Newcastle on tap. BWW has nba league pass so u can watch ur fave basketball team play, just ask the captain. Try mango habanero flavor wings, chili con quest for appetizer. Then if u have the balls do the blazin challenge. The only thing I don' like is how small the men's restrooms r. Almost 11every dude is drinking . That means they need more than two urinals and one stall. Hence four stars not five prefer bww than native and hooters.
1	I wasn't expecting anything amazing because all their food is frozen but I waited way too long for undercooked wings. And it's also freezing in there!!
2	Pretty disappointed that they don't give ranch with wings any more.  They wanted to charge 60 cents per container...not sure if this is a new or temporary policy... Either way, it sucks
2	I have visited this location many times however my most recent experience was horrible. It started with their signs on the door stating TAKE OUT ONLY ENTER THROUGH PATIO. The wording was a little off and confusing. We read it as take out orders are to enter through the patio. We walked in to the restaurant to discover it was all closed off. At first we thought they were closed and only accepting take out orders. Then we saw people standing by the patio so we walked back there. We stood in front of the host podium where there were 3 employees and a security guard who were all carrying on a conversation about one of the girls who was pregnant. Never were we greeted. We had to wait until their conversation was over. Then we asked if they were open (since the wording on the signs was vague). Instead of saying yes she immediately asked how many people we needed a table for in a rude snappy manner. Clearly there were only 2 of us there with a little baby. So she had someone bring us inside and the guy brought us a high chair as we requested. Well then we were told we would need to put the high chair on the inside of the table and not in the aisle. Understandable but the place our table was located when the table behind us was sat the man behind my son was backed up to the high chair causing barely any room. If the position of the high chair was such an issue why didn't they put us at a normal table. Our server was very sweet and nice. Seemed she was fairly new at serving but she was always smiley and kind.  I have always ordered the Cajun Quesadilla and enjoyed it however this time the chicken was very sparse in the tortilla and there was a weird taste to the meal over all. I would recommend BWW to anyone however I feel the tactics of this particular visit were sub par and need to be reviewed. Also, do not try and visit this restaurant when there is a big fight on PPV or a big sporting event because you will not be allowed in unless you are there for that event.
1	I've been to this chain many times mostly in California. Food is always decent but a tad over priced. This location has terrible service! Host didn't say hi when I walked in nor could she quote me a wait time "because people might stay to watch the game"... Ya think? There's only 100 TVs in here! Ha. After we were seated, we received warm bottles Coronas. When our food came, the order was wrong on both our meals. When my 60 year old father was complaining to get our order fixed the server kept calling him "Bud". Excuse me... but when did it become okay for kids to call their elders anything other than Sir or Ma'am?
2	What a down slide this place has taken! Use to be a great place to go. Now the beer taste like they never clean the lines food is so so. Only good thing I'll say is they do have good sauces for the wings. Other then that went downhill fast. Even the shirts they wear now look crappy and dirty! Prices seem to have gone up and with decline of everything else how do you justify?
1	I like Buffalo Wild Wings, but this one in particular I despise. I walk in, full staff of employees just standing there looking at me. I don't get a hello or a welcome to bww and the girls just didn't seem like they wanted to attend me, if that's the case then what are you doing there?!
3	Love my B-Dubs, but this one is exceptionally hit-and-missFirst, I'll confess that I'm a fan of B-Dubs. The dry rubs are my faves-- Salt and Vinegar, Chipotle, Desert Heat... Mmmmm.  Second, this location is so convenient that I'd probably keep going there unless they literally harmed me somehow.That said, this is a frustrating location to eat at.  One day, your chicken is moist, the seasoning is plentiful, and your server nails your order.  The next visit, your wings and drumettes would more accurately be called "bony meat crisps", it looks like seasoning is on  war time rationing, and your server convinces you that s/he has a form of spongiform encephalitis by successfully getting every person's order at least a little wrong and by taking two McDonalds visits to bring the food out.At least there's a little adventure in each visit... Oh, and lots of TVs to distract me.
2	The food is okay and I'd actually give 3 or 4 stars if their service wasn't absolutely dreadful every time I come in! The first 2 or 3 times I went, I had to wait forever for the server to take our drink order. Then I had to wait maybe 10-15 minutes to get the drinks, and then wait like another 25-30 minutes for our food. I thought maybe its just cause its a little busy? The next couple times I had exactly the same experience, only it was not busy at all!!! Their servers takes forever to greet us and take our drinks. Once they give us our drinks, they just leave right away so then we have to wait for them to return and take our actual order, which means we have to wait even longer for the food.I'll probably stick to the Westgate location seeing as how this location's service completely sucks!
3	Love their boneless wings - Asian Zing but always have horrible service.   We frequent this one a lot as it has been the closest one to is till the Westgate facility opened.  Last visit took an 45 minutes for our food to arrive, asked the server for sweetener for my tea and she forgot 3 different times to bring it.  After that we didn't see her so we had to ask another server for napkins.  When it came time to pay - we asked for to go containers and she brought us lids for our ranches. That gave us a little laugh.  Manager came by to ask how we were and I had to ask him for Togo containers.  He brought them and the server came by 5 minutes later with more containers and looked completely puzzled as to how we got some.   Think I will make the drive to another facility next time.  The three stars are slowly because we like the wings.
3	I've been here many times before and it really just depends on the night. Some nights service is fast and great others it takes forever. You better order everything you want from the beginning or else it'll take forever to get just one additional sauce. Today our server Kimberlee was great.
1	I want to echo what Rob L. said about this place ... I usually LOVE BWW, but this last time was horrible! From the moment we walked in we sensed something was off. There was nobody there to seat us, which is no big deal, but the place was pretty slow and we waited about 5 min before anyone even acknowledged we were there. Once the girl finally came by, she was clueless and said somebody will be with us ... 10 min later someone finally sat us.The server was probably the worst server I have ever had! disinterested and seemed like he'd rather be flirting with the other female servers or horsing around with him friends than paying attention to his tables. I had to have him flagged down by other servers a couple times and then finally talked to the manger. Bad experience all around and it saddens me because as i said I like this place and usually have a ood time, but the BWW on Mcdowell in Goodyear is going downhill real fast if they let servers like Sean continue to work there.
1	This place was horrific. Horrible food! Breaded to death. Barely Enough Sauce And poor response to my complaint. This place should be avoided at all cost.
1	Food sucked way not worth the price and the service was horrible. Waited an hour for our food!!! Not going back to that bdubs!
2	Came to this place cs I heard the wings were really good . I mean the food was great BUT the service was awful !! The waiters take forever to bring your food/refills . They forget everything & totally ignore you . HORRIBLE !!
1	It's the second time I have had a terrible and horrible experience here. Never going back. The hostess was rude, took 25 minutes for my drinks to be ordered,  my appetizer never arrived, my food was cold, th e waiter was talking smack about other customers, my bill was overcharged for stuff I didn't order. I was there for about 3 hours, not enjoying,  just been patient. My alcoholic drink was nasty, the wings were cold and I was charged for the appetizer that never arrived. Horrible!!!!!
1	Stay away from this BWW......Worst experience I have ever received at any BWW. My husband and I always visit the one located in Westgate, but living closer to the one on McDowell, we decided to give it a try...BIG MISTAKE! We should of walked out the first moment that we arrived as the girl in the front simply said "oh go ahead and go to the bar area." Didn't bother to at least give us a menu. After we sat ourselves down we waited for about 10 minutes for our server to finally come by and acknowledge us. It was around 11:00 pm and it wasn't busy at all so I assumed the wait would be minimal. The waitress finally took our drink order and said she would be back in a few to take our food order. After another 10 minutes she finally took our order. She came back with the food and no ranch, she made it very clear that it would be a .60 cent/per ranch and would not bring some unless wee were ok with the pitied. We said ok, and another 5 minutes passed before we could get our ranch. At this time she finally brought my husband his SODA. Not only was the service horrible but the food was disgusting. My onion rings were hard and needless to the say the wings were dry and some didn't even have sauce. I should have called a manager but I honestly didn't have the energy. Never going back here again and taking my business elsewhere!
4	Went to Buffalo Wild Wings on Monday. Wasn't as busy as I thought it would be with the different sports on TV. But I go for boneless wings, not to watch games. They had brand new menus! You could tell they had never been used before. The Italian burger caught my eye right away. It had mozzarella sticks, marinara, and pepperoni! Red Robin once had a burger like that called the Wise Guy and it was delicious. But I digest... I came for boneless wings and I was getting boneless wings. The menus now say small/medium/large instead of the actual number of wings... kind of annoying. We got the medium size which was 18 wings and got 3 sauces: honey bbq, lemon pepper (dry rub), and teriyaki. We also got the potato wedges with cheese and bacon. Everything was good. They put a lot of bacon on top of the wedges! Those wedges are so tasty and are great with just cheese. Really the only bad part about the meal was when we got a box for our leftover wings and forgot to grab it when we left! I was so mad. 6 perfectly good wings gone to waste... :'(
3	I love buffalo wild wings food. The service at this location was ok. I couldn't hear the server the music was so loud and i had to keep looking for her. She was supposed to bring more chips but never did.....i will try again. However this seemed like a customer service training issue. Get it together guys.....5/10 on service.
4	BWW has became my go to spot for wings always pretty good! Always really good and the wings are big too! The Asian zing has easily became my favorite flavor dellllllllicious!!!!!!!!
