5	Absolutely YUMMY!  Great place to stop to get a fresh cool treat!  They use only the very best ingredients and put lots of love into each delicious paleta!  The menu changes depending on what fruits are in season.  It is independently owned by the sweetest (no pun intended) couple.  Go out and support them and try something new!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE. LOVE THE CONCEPT.LOVE THE PALETAS.I've already tried the peach with mint, mango with chili, rice pudding, hazelnut, and I have a chocolate (inspired by mexican hot chocolate) and an orange and beet in the freezer. So excited!The mold she uses to shape the popsicle has a cute little bite mark in the top.Really fresh ingredients and truly kind owner/operators!
5	Wonderful, light treat after dinner at one of the local restaurants. My favorite flavors are the rice pudding flavor, peach mint and the pecan. My dog loved the chicken flavored paleta.
5	It's hot today. Not been too bad a summer til now.  Finished lunch at Lattitude 8 with the missus and stumbled onto Paletas Betty.  A memory tickle from growing up in Houston...Popsicles!!  Went in and got arroz con leche and missus got the mango. Price a little high (for a Popsicle) until you realize the thing is all fresh fruit or dessert!! Now price sounds just fine.  Betty is a cutey and my wife agrees! Get  your butt over there ASAP.  Plan to bring the Yorkies over next time.  If you eat over in downtown Chandler, skip dessert and go here.
5	Came here after having dinner with friends at a brewery around the corner. I love paletas! I grew up in south Phoenix and looked forward to the paletero (guys with the carts and Mexican popsicles, I know you've heard them ringing their bells) every afternoon. After moving to the east valley the only thing that came by was the Schwann's truck. Wah wah. So I was super excited to know my childhood treat was a little closer to home. From what I can remember here are the flavors they have right now: pecan, spicy chocolate, mango, mango with chile, strawberries and cream, pineapple, arroz con leche (milk and rice with a hint of cinnamon, I use to have this for breakfast as a kid). I tried the pecan flavor and there were chunks of pecans in the paleta. So yummy! Every popsicle has an impression of Betty's bite mark. So cute. There are also popsicles for the dogs. They are like frozen chicken treats. *Don't forget to bring cash because they take cash only.
4	I love paletas. I found this place through Yelp and loved what everyone said. I grew up in South Phoenix and I do remember the paleta carts rolling around. Since those aren't around I had to find an alternative. I do recommend this place however for me $3 / paleta is quite high. They used to be $1.  FYI: It's cash only.
4	I tried the "Peach-Mint" and it was delicious. It has actual chunks of ripe peach in it ...I want to try the "Blackberry-Lavender" next ...
4	Simple and quaint little shop around the corner from the main downtown chandler strip.  They make Paletas (popsicles) with real fruit and have a pretty interesting variety of flavors that seems to change quite often.The stuff is cheap, couple bucks each but oh so good.  Went with a group from Gangplank on one of our "let's go check out another small biz downtown" tours and I can say that I'm stoked to go back and try the other flavors.  Had the raspberry one and it was good... real good.I'll be back.
5	Great tasting paletas.  All natural flavors, lots of real fruit.  The Mexican Hot Chocolate will satisfy any chocolate craving you have.  The Platano one is probably my favorite if you have a sweet tooth, that is the one to get.  The strawberry and orange/tangerine cream ones are also fantastic.  I think I've tried every flavor now.  It's hard to pick a favorite to be honest.  The Mango con Chile has some kick, it's cold but hot at the same time.  How do they do that?  Also, the drinks are yummy too.  The sidral mundet is great on a hot day in AZ.Only takes cash but they are cheap considering the quality of the product. And the digital moving menu looks awesome and is neat to stand and read the banners when they change.  Don't forget to come in an get a free paleta on your birthday.  If you missed that banner, made for a cheap dessert for my gf on her bday.
5	My boyfriend and I found this place when we were visiting his family in phoenix recently and what a find it was. I tried the pecan and mango popsicles. The bf had the chocolate and the peach mint popsicles.  (we had seconds because they were so good!)Calling these delights a "popsicle" is almost an understatement. The fruit paletas are like fruit frozen on a stick! The paletas only use freshly cut fruits ripened on the shop's shelves. Everything is homemade.. they told me that they even make the cookies in the cookies 'n creme popsicle!You can just tell that the owners pay a lot of attention to detail.. as seen in the unbelievable gourmet flavors of the popsicles, to the bite mark mold, to the shop itself-- spotless, white, chic. It's great. I'll definitely be back to phoenix just to try more of these paletas.
4	This is a nice treat for pretty much anyone in your party. Fresh, tasty and simple treats that will satisfy your craving without setting you back 700 calories.If you are in downtown Chandler, you have to try these.
4	Great Paletas! I had the Arroz con Leche, which tasted exactly like that. It was thick and creamy and not watered down. The rice was a little more crunchy than I'd like, but the flavor was great. The store was clean and the cashier ready, but they need to be a little more upfront about their product and more energetic. The stickers on the popsicles peel off! I think its a great marketing idea.
5	Best Paletas in town!! They are very well made and refreshing. I had pineapple and then came back later for fresas con crema (strawberries and cream), both of them were great.
3	This is a cool little place for a nice little treat.  I hope to see them w/ a paletas cart in the local farmer mkts or events, b/c I'd be alot more motivated to purchase a $3 popsicle when it's 100 degrees or just when hanging outdoors vs driving into DT Chandler.It's a bit barren when you look into their freezers, perhaps they should rearrange the look somehow... add in multi or variety packs...
5	I was in for a great surprise when I walked in Thursday afternoon. I was with my baby and craving something sweet, yet sour and also good for me. I walked in and was immediately greeted/served by Betty's husband. After going through a display case of flavors to choose from, he told me they have key lime pie with homemade graham cracker crust. I swear, he read my mind! So happy, I almost snagged it from his hand. I sat down, baby was sleeping, and quietly enjoyed my key lime paleta. It was creamy, and very tart with a little sweetness. Just the way I love key lime pie. The crust is what made it all come together. I can't wait to go in for more. Especially after talking to Betty herself. She said everything is fresh. Meaning no frozen fruits/juices added and flavors are seasonal.
5	This place is a great find if you are looking for a light, fresh and tasty dessert.  The pops here hit the spot without the tons of calories you would get from a Yogurtland or Cold Stone.  My wife had the arroz con leche while I had the naranja. We both loved our pops and we're planning to come back sooner rather than later and bring folks along.  What I liked best about this place is that they use fresh and natural ingredients.  In today's age of manufactured food production, it's nice to find a place that produces a wholesome natural ice cream bar rather than high fructose corn syrup injected into flavored ice.I haven't had a paleta before, but my wife has and she commented that eating a paleta is usually a race before it completely melts.  However, the paletas from Betty didn't produce this problem.Like many businesses with a great product, there isn't a whole lot of variety in terms of what's offered - just paletas in an assortment of flavors - but it's plenty once you give it a try.  Enjoy!
5	Simple, yet so delicious.  Betty has taken the paleta from from the cart to a whole new level.  I've tried only two flavors but I'm already looking forward to trying them all!  It's especially nice to have all natural ingredients.  They are a lil' bit pricey but when you think of buying good natural products these days, it's worth the price.  I live in Tempe but will find myself making excuses to dine in Chandler just to have another opportunity to have another paleta.  So glad to have access to how I used to eat ice cream when I was a kid!Paletas Betty rocks!
5	This foodie thinks it's well worth the drive from North Scottsdale to Downtown Chandler for a refreshing paletas.  All their flavors are unique but my favorites would have to be the Key Lime Pie, Mexican Hot Chocolate and Strawberry Cream.  My dog was also in frozen treat heaven, he ate the chicken flavored puppy paleta so fast I was afraid he'd get brain freeze!  A local business definitely worth checking out!
5	Amazing, Amazing, AMAZING!! I had never had paletas before this and was really curious to try it. The most amazing "popsicle" you will ever have. The flavors and freshness of the ingredients are undeniable and your tongue will thank you over and over. I have tried just about every flavor they have and still stand by the Arroz Con Leche(I think I got that right). It's a rice pudding style of paletas and I just want more and more...I've learned to take my time and slow down while eating these. They even have dog-friendly ones that my puppy enjoyed while sitting outside with us. They only thing wrong for me is that they don't accept credit cards(they may now but I doubt it). I usually only carry my debit cards for business and personal like a lot of people so I can keep track and itemize purchases easier. I've been to similar places that charge a small fee for this and I would be willing to pay that just for the convenience. Either way, please go and support this local gem in Chandler and you will find yourself going back more and more.Stay healthy and don't forget to Call Your Doctor or Naturopath Now.www.CallYourDoctorNow.com
5	First time here....Had the key lime pie with homemade graham cracker crust. ..WOW!!!  These are great....Need to go get more!!  I also bought  a Plantano.....made with bananas and caramel!!  Yummy!!  Will go back for more!!  Cash or Check Only!!  Very clean store and friendly!!
5	Fresh, delicious paletas.  The selection varies a little each day, and I love how Betty's logo on the paleta wrapper can be used as a sticker.  If I ever go somewhere exotic and/or foreign, I'd love to place a Paletas Betty sticker in a random location there.  I used a Groupon here initially because I had never tried paletas before, and now I'm hooked.  If I'm in the area I will definitely be stopping by to get my paletas fix.So far I've tried the bananas foster, arroz con leche, mango con chile, and pina con chile, and all have been flavorful, refreshing, and satisfying.
5	I love Paletas Betty! The paletas are freshly made everyday and every single flavor I've tried is delicious!! Highly recommend.
5	I ordered the Fresas con Crema (Strawberry with Cream) and Nuez (Nut Flavor).  The Strawberry Pop was milk based with lots of fresh Strawberries bits into it, the Nut one has a layer of Nuts all over the top.. Both Very Good!!  I wanted another flavor buts seems that they have seasonal flavors depends on what is more fresh and available at the moment than same regular flavors.. Both Pops were a lil under $6 - takes Cash.. Very Friendly Employee's and fun Spanish music in the background.. Very Clean too.. Would surely return and even get 3 pops next time!  Fun design, stickers on cover of sleeve and a bite mark on the edge of pop mold..  Located in nice Center a little hidden at end of center though..
4	Tasty treats in downtown Chandler!  I got the cucumber mint and it was soooo refreshing on a warm spring day.  My husband got the mango but ate it so fast that I didn't get a taste but he said it was like pure mango fruit that was frozen.  Delicious!  There were so many other flavors that sounded good, we will definitely be back.The only reason they don't get 5 stars is because they only take cash.  Even though the paletas don't cost a lot, we live off our cards and rarely carry cash.  The other thing is that I wish that they had the nutritional information available.  I know they are healthy since they are all natural but still fruit has a lot of natural sugar in it that can be problematic for a diabetic or someone else with dietary restrictions.
4	Very inviting atmosphere. I wanted to try all the flavors but I restrained the gluttonous side of me. I ate the one that tasted like banana fosters it was amazing. Great fresh flavor and texture. I'm a little cheap so I knocked it down to 4 stars because $ 3 is still a little steep for a popsicle.
5	Simple!!!!!!!!! Just plain great.  Do go with the mexican hot chocolate!!!!!!
4	Lovely little shop in a quaint little part of old town Chandler. It was very clean and fresh inside and the paletas were simply delicious. Refreshing, fresh-tasting and definitely something special and out of the ordinary. We all tried different flavors (family of five) and each of us enjoyed our flavor of choice- mine was Pura Pina...YUM! The only downsides? They are a little pricey (though not unjustifiably so...these are handmade and unique and not your standard Good Humor fare) and they don't take cards...cash only. This was not a problem as I happened to have cash on hand, however, this is never the surprise you want to find when you happen to be without bills on a given day! Definitely worth a try! We will be back again!
5	Paletas Betty is a nice, clean, hip little local joint that specializes in handcrafted mexican ice pops, made with fresh ingredients in small batches. These are not wimpy pops. Several varieties have chunks of fresh ingredients lodged in their frozen goodness, like the Nuez with chunks of pecans. When you're so stuffed from eating in the nearby restaurants, walk it off down to Paletas Betty, where you can pick a pretty hefty but light & refreshing specialty popsicle. We've treated ourselves three times now and have always completely cleaned off our popsicle sticks. You can see my full review here - http://tinyurl.com/paletasbetty
4	I've been wanting to try this place and am so glad we did! I had the arroz con leche, my daughter had the fresa con crema and my husband got the pina con chile. I LOVED all of them! Mine was cinnamon-y and had actual rice in it, my daughter's was creamy and delicious, and my husbands was refreshing but surprisingly spicy! I thought they were reasonably priced for what they were. Only reasons why I'm giving it 4 stars and not 5 is because they only take cash and the available parking wasn't great. Plus, I wish it was in a better area where you might already be walking around, it would be perfect for an outdoor mall.
5	I would gladly pay $5 for a popsicle from Paletas Betty!  Tried the amanecer (ripe pineapple with fresh raspberries) and the chocolate (Mexican hot chocolate with spices), both were absolutely fantastic (though it was extremely difficult to pick just one flavor - they all looked delicious!) My fiance and I couldn't stop looking at each other in awe after every bite.  The amanecer had the juiciest chunks of raspberry, despite being frozen, packed into what tasted like a fresh slice of pineapple.  The chocolate tasted exactly like Mexican hot chocolate with just a slight kick of chili powder and a little bit of something else, maybe coriander or nutmeg.  Either way, both were convincing enough that we will definitely be back.  Perfectly refreshing and the best way to end an evening in downtown Chandler.They do now accept credit/debit cards, but it is expensive for the business, so if you don't usually carry cash, know that you can charge it.  I will most likely focus on paying cash to help out a small local business, plus - if I can get four amazing (seriously, I am out of adjectives to describe them) popsicles for under $10, I know I can carry at least that much in my pocket.
5	These paletas are delish! Imaginative flavors (honeydew-kiwi-cream for St. Paddy's), with fresh fruit and bright flavors. I especially like how they are not too sweet. Uber refreshing!
5	We visited Paletas Betty on Saturday night looking for a dessert after sushi. THe store was spotless and brightly lit. It was definitely minimalist on the inside, but we loved the fresh fruit display.They have 8-10 flavors of popcycles plus some drink options (and even a frozen treats for pups). We both got the arroz con leche, which was sweet. You could really taste (and chew) the rice bits mixed with cinnamon.We'd love to go back and taste the other flavors! Handmade, real fruits, local biz... Check it out!
3	I thought this place was pretty cool and chill.  Love the little ice cream shop atmosphere.  I remember eating these from the ice cream man pushing his cart around.  I can't say I enjoyed them much when I was younger since I was chubby little stinker wanting drumsticks....Mmmmm -- think I'm still a  chubby little stinker minus the chub :)  I ordered the Mango flavored paletas -- chunky full of mango pieces and the ice cooled me down as I walk along the warm streets of downtown Chandler.  Great location and great dessert after eating out at the restaurants around! - Enjoy!
5	Who would have thought an ice cream bar could be made with so much love! The marriage of flavors, spices and fresh ingredients will take this small business from a single shop to a franchise very quickly!
5	Such a unique place.....a nice change from all of the Frozen Yogurt and Ice Cream places in the area.  The owners are sooooooo nice too.  I love supporting them.  It is nice to know that they are making things with local and fresh ingredients.   Try it, you will like it.
5	Have been meaning to go here after checking out their cart at the Chandler Farmer's Market last year and then after visiting their storefront to find out about their product. The place is bright and clean and the paletas offered were all delicious sounding. The gal behind the counter was very friendly and patient when I chose the dozen flavors and wrote each one down on the sticks to help me remember for the small gathering I was bringing them to (Betty was out of town, but I had spoken to her the last time and she is adorable). The paletas were a huge hit. Everyone wanted to try out each of the flavors and they were all yummy. Perfect treat for the summer heat. I selected Fresas con crema - tasted just like strawberries and creamMora - whole blackberries were a delight with a hint of lavenderMango - could have sworn it was the actual fruit and not a frozen treatPina con chile - fresh pineapple with a bit of spiceAmanecer - great combo of pineapple and raspberryNuez - pecans which are their most popular flavorLimon amarillo - tart yet sweetMango con chile - slightly spiced up version of the mangoArandano - loved the combination of blueberries and lemonSandia - a minty watermelon - perfect summer treatArroz con leche - who would have thought a rice pudding popsicle?!Chocolate - mexican chocolate - fudgsicle You can't go wrong with any of the flavors. What threw me off was that there appeared to be a bite taken out of some of them and then I read later that is how Betty had formed her paletas mold. How unique! I am planning a return visit very soon.
5	Hands down, this place has the best desserts I've ever had... and I've eaten a lot of desserts.These are NOT the cheap, watered down paletas you find at Food City or buy from one of those guys who has a pushcart bicycle that also sells tamales.These are high quality, gourmet pops that are worth every cent.  The owners have extremely great recipes and put a lot of time and thought into each of the pops.  In case you're wondering, there is a Betty and she's usually there at the store (she looks just like the caricature on the wrapper of the product).  Since I found this place, I've stopped going to Coldstone Creamery and other ice cream places.Some of the pops are fruity; like the pineapple, mango, watermelon, and peach flavors... Other pops are very rich and creamy, honestly better than ice cream or cheesecake; like the key lime flavor, the orange creamsicle flavor, platano (banana fosters), and especially the arroz con leche (the rice pudding flavor).The owners and the staff are extremely nice and make you feel welcome.  The store has a great look and feel and is always nice and tidy.  They'll also cater a party for you; I had my 30th birthday back in January and chose a Mexican theme.  I hired Mariachis and also had Paletas Betty come with the push cart.  The price was definitely reasonable, the owners showed up to hand out the pops and answer questions and everyone enjoyed the dessert.Highly recommended!  Oh and by the way, they take credit card now
3	They were good. They were interesting. It's definitely a cute idea. I just, I don't know, I couldn't help thinking that they were just popsicles... for $2.50 each.
4	Pineapple Chili is my favorite flavor... Well, it's actually the only one I've tried because I like it so much. It is so fresh with chunks of pineapple and flakes of chilies roasted in house. Its cool and refreshing with a zing of spice. Check it out if you are downtown Chandler. Perfect treat on a hot day!
5	What a nice cool little treat. I found this gem on groupon and so glad I did. Fresh fruit paletas made by hand. Ive had a few flavors and I have loved them all. Lemon is nice and tart with a lemon sugar sprinkle, mexican hot chocolate tastes chocolaty and amazing, mango has chunks of the mango in it and you can tell its fresh fruit because it still has that stringy texture fresh mango has. My husband's favorite flavor is the one with nuts. Its not too sweet and delicious. I love the cute little bite in the corner too. Its just a fun little thing.Prices are pretty good too. Less than $3 for each paleta. Its nice to have a place like this in the summer you can go off to, and they are open pretty late on the weekends. Its nice when they have the art stuff going on in downtown Chandler you can grab a paleta and walk around the area and check out all of the art. Just one thing. Its cash only! So make sure you bring a $10 and you are good to go.
4	One lick and I'm hooked. These Popsicle are a real treat and the spicy kick seals the deal. After lunching with fellow yelper Anna M, she took me on a tour of Downtown Chandler. As we browsed the adorable shops in the corridor, my sweet tooth kicked in so Anna introduced me to Paletas. I had heard about these Mexican Popsicles but I'd never actually tasted one. We walked inside and I was pleased with the fresh and clean decor. The menu was extensive which is bad for someone like me who has menu anxiety. But the owner was extremely friendly and happily explained each flavor in depth. After pondering my choice, I decided to go with the pineapple and raspberry combination, two of my favorite flavors! The choice was right on! It was refreshing, fruity, fresh and just the right way to cool down on this hot 112 degree day. I can't wait to come back and try the chocolate, banana fosters and all the other flavors. Plus, they are about to open a location up on Mill! I feel like these Popsicles are going to be the next big thing and I'll be first in line!
4	We went far out of our way to go to this frozen treats shop, and glad we did.  Not only were the paletas wonderful, but the store is located in an attractive village-type area in downtown Chandler. There were plenty of restaurants and interesting boutiques.  Betty was out of the mango with chile flavor, so I bought the "pure mango".  My husband settled for Mexican chocolate.  He is pretty darn picky, so I was surprised when he said how good it was.  The hint of cinnamon and spice that gave the chocolate a bit of a zing made it a memorable taste treat.  The mango was delicious and included just the right amount of small fruit chunks.The only reason I didn't give this shop the full 5 points is that the interior is pretty stark, not very warm and inviting.  However, kudos to whoever designed the business car and logo. It was appealing, distinctive, and colorful front and back.  The store needs to incorporate the color scheme on walls and furnishings.
5	I try not to eat a lot of sweets, as everyone in my family is diabetic, and I'm borderline. But I *have* to go in here to get my fix every once in a while. (The chocolate paleta is my favorite -- so rich, so yummy; the strawberries & cream and key lime pie flavors are close behind.) The staff is always super-friendly too. Great little place.
5	unique flavors and they make great gifts for dinner party hosts! always appreciated!
3	Had read great reviews on this place from my Yelp friends Lindsey and Anna, so of course I was intrigued. One day when the hubby and I went into the big shitty (we live in the Copa), I told him I really wanted to try this hyped up treat especially since it was a super hot day and a Popsicle sounded mighty refreshing. So we went and I ordered the Mexican chocolate pal-eta and then cringed when Betty (I am pretty sure it was her) told me it would be tree fitty for the one Popsicle. Tree fitty?!? I said to which she replied "yes tree fitty." Ok Southpark lovers, this is not how it actually went down but yes, the Popsicle was about 3.50 for one! While paying, I asked how much they charge for a box of Popsicle's thinking it might be a fun new change for the once a month birthday celebrations at my work. I was told that they are the same price but once you order 12, you get one free. So that means I would be paying approximately 36.00 b4 tax for one box of 12, plus one extra free! Not trying to slam Betty but this is a bit outrageous. I will say that the Popsicle/ Paleta I had was good but to me, I could have had a fudge-sickle from the store for 2.00 less and it would be just as tasty. Awww Betty Betty Betty, you have a nice location and you were truly a sweetheart, but your prices need to come down for me to become a regular and to turn other people onto this place. I hear that they sell Palettas from carts in bigger cities for wayyyyy cheaper so its really hard for me to justify the cost at Paletta Bettys.
5	It seems to me that this is one of those ideas that I should have had... but I didn't. Opening a popsicle shop in Phoenix? Hello?Paleta's Betty offers high quality popsicles and ice cream bars in flavors that I would not have dreamed up. My favorite is the pinepple cayenne pepper. The chocolate was decadent. The arroz con leche was divine. The arandao was flavorful.I love grabbing a treat from Betty's and walking downtown Chandler with Hubsky.
5	I love supporting local and this is a place I can support often. The shop is kind of hidden but glad I found it. Devour: Freda Von crema (strawberry's & cream) Key lime pie Price: $6 Simple and sweet, I will be back
5	Handmade popsicles done extraordinarily well. An amazingly cute concept...a Popsicle shop located in one of the hottest places on Earth. The staff is always warm and welcoming, and patient as you go through the menu (and learn a little Espanol in the process). My favorite is the mango con chile. Spicy and sweet with fresh chunks of mango. A perfect treat on a hot day. My kids love the fresca con crema (strawberries and cream) or the mexican chocolate. A new one I tried today was the lemon pie...a take on the key lime with a graham cracker crust layer...spectacular!I read some reviews complaining about the price. We spend $4 on coffee drinks every day, so this treat seems about right in the grand scheme given the homemade natural ingredients. Bravo to this local gem!
4	I went to this place last friday as I got a wonderful Groupon now deal... 1$ for 10$. Sweet! The place is very cute and I appreciate that they make all of the paletas in house and use fresh ingredients. We got an orange creamsicle, nuez (pecan), arroz con leche, and banana/rum one. Some were better than others... the BF loved the orange and I thought the nuez was excellent. The banana was not as awesome as I expected, but it was still good. The arroz con leche was also good, but not my fave. The paletas are super cute, with a little 'bite' taken out of each one. They are affordable and you can get a few and keep them in your freezer. I'll definitely be back.
5	This place is awesome! I love their yogurt - so tasty and unique! It's unlike anything I have tasted before.They even have yogurt bars for the doggies! My dog LOVES them!You guys are awesome!
4	We came here with some friends who love this place. We're not huge huge sweet people, but I enjoyed trying it. I love the variety of flavors they have on their menu. In the last month and a half, we've been there about 2 times and have only tried 2. (Again, neither I nor my husband can really finish a whole popsicle.) The first time we tried the limon - it's kinda like key lime pie. With half of it having the really really tart lemon taste and the other half made of graham crackers. My husband likes the tartness, but for me it was too much. I liked the "crust" part. The second time we came we tried the limon amarillo. That was very good. Very refreshing. It's not too tart. Has a good balance of sweet and tart. That's been my favorite so far. We've always come late in the evening and it's pretty chill there. There's not a lot of seating, but has always been sufficient for the groups that we've gone with. I also like that they have free water with lime, lemon, or orange in it. When the weather warms up again, I'll look forward to trying some other flavors. Also, I think the groupon deals are helpful. I'm not sure if I would come that often if I were just paying regular price. But we'll see what comes when it gets warmer!
5	Love Paletas Betty!! Great location & unique flavors. My favorite are the limon, and the mango con chile. My dog loves the perroleta. Stop by and support this local business!!
5	I am obsessed with this "paletas".  I am finding every excuse to drive 36 miles to the Chandler store.  I have been there twice and I will be going tomorrow.  The first time I was lucky enough to meet the "Betty" of Paletas Betty.  She is a cute, tiny little thing.  So charming.  She was so nice and accommodating.  I had my soft side cooler with me, hey, I have twins, you cannot imagine what I carry in my cars.  Armed with my cooler, I got a dozen paletas the first time.  I tasted Pineapple con Chili, so special.  Great pineapple flavor with a great kick from the red pepper chili flakes.  The Naranja, Orange was delicious I only had a small bite since the twins wouldn't share.  My hubby had the Cookies and Cream one, another one who wouldn't share.  The Cereza (Cherry) was awesome.  I really liked the vanilla based ice cream with big cherries all over.  Then, the piece de resistance, the Limon, it is like biting into a frozen piece of key lime pie, one side of the paleta has the graham cracker crust.  So delicious.  I had two, plus all the other ones.My second trip I got another dozen, of course I had a few Limon, plus Strawberry, Oh this is like fresh strawberries and creme.  Those two are my favorite.  I also tried the Zarzamora, a blackberry/lavender concoction, very refreshing.  The "Platano" is very good.  It is like biting into a frozen caramelized banana.  Can't wait for my next trip to Paletas Betty.  I already placed my cooler back in the car.  Yay!
5	I use to take a bit out of every sandwich I made for my kids school lunches.  It was my way of saying I love you.  Well to my delight and my sons there is a bite out of every popcsicle.  Ok so it is the mold but still quite a nice touch.I has balckberry and and a touch of lavender in mine.  My husband and son had strawberries and cream which was delicious.  My sons girlfriend had cherries and cream.  All four were yummy in our tummys.  I will be back when I visit again.
5	I really love this little business.  They are true to what real Mexican Paletas are supposed to be - fresh fruit ingredients, no preservatives, all natural with no fake flavors or fake colors to account for cheap ingredients.I wish the owners the best with this business because I think they are approaching Paletas the way I would - upscale target audience (ie. they are not .99c paletas like at the grocery store) that appreciate the work and ingenuity they bring to the flavors and combinations of their paletasThis evening, we tried the Cereze (cherries *baptized* and wading in brandy, then mixed with home-made roasted almond milk) and the Zarzamora (blackberries with a hint of lavender) - my sister and I were both on cloud 9 with the flavorings (she liked my Cereza waaay more.... I found hers was equally awesome).  Their price point is 3ish, depending on what the ingredients are.I will keep being a fan and loyal here, as long as they keep to their clean, natural, creative ingredients.
5	This place is fantastic and I can tell you why in six words: Key Lime Pie on a stick. There. That's all you need to know. Now stop reading all these reviews and go get one.
4	My kids thoroughly enjoyed having dessert here.  I am not too big on desserts, but the paletas they serve there tastes as natural as can be..  It's a pretty healthy alternative to to other desserts.  Paletas Betty has a great selection of flavors.  I rather enjoy that they have a rotating menu.Their facility is simple and clean.  The kids and I will be coming here a lot as the temperature skyrockets.
5	even better, they now take cards!
4	Went here one night after searching yelp for some form of late night ice cream. I walked in close to closing time and the girl working behind the freezers was super helpful when I said, "I have no clue what you guys are, but I want to buy something." After hearing the sales pitch, I purchased a mango flavored Popsicle. I proceeded to wolf that down because it tasted SO GOOD. If I'm down in Chandler, I'll be coming back.
5	What an awesome dessert place tucked on a little side street in downtown Chandler.  Their paletas (popsicles) are to die for, we'll definitely be back!
4	Got to enjoy the Zarzamora and Fresas con Crema at the Mcdowell Mountain Music Festival. A nice refreshing treat between bands.  Glad that they set up as one of the vendors for the festival.  Love the signature trade mark of a fake bite out of the pop
5	Bar none the best and most unique frozen treat you'll find in Arizona. Betty's treats are made with seasonal fruits, so the menu changes regularly (though there are a handful of flavors you'll find all year). The staff is very welcoming, and they'll even offer you a handful of ice to pack in a bag if you're taking a couple pops to go!
5	I used to make fun of the notion of a business renting space to sell $3 popsicles, but Betty has won me over.  Her paletas are legit.  Her storefront is located on the edge of the Downtown Chandler business district.  When you walk in, the first thing you notice is how immaculately clean and bright it is.  There's usually only one clerk working because all he does is pull popsicles from freezers, but these are some awesome Mexican popsicles.  They have fresh, in-season ingredients and unique flavor combinations.I prefer the paletas with cream in them because of the softer texture.  Yesterday, they had both of my favorites on hand.  You can taste the distinctive freshness of the fruit in the fresa con crema (strawberries and cream).  The berries are not pulverized into powder; you sitll get some texture.  You get even more texture in the nuez (roasted pecan) with whole pecans in it.I also enjoy the chocolate, the arroz con leche, and my wife's favorite is the key lime pie.  It has a graham cracker-like crust on one side of the popsicle.  I'm less of a fan of the paletas without cream because they're hard like a block of ice, but I still appreciate the bold flavors of the fresh fruit and spices.This place has a lot going for it.  I like their marketing.  They have a bite mark in their popsicle mold, and attach a peelable sticker on every wrapper.  (uh... for kids, not for me... let's just move on.)  They regularly offer discounts on coupon sites.  They provide fruit flavored water to their patrons.  They have dog popsicles.  (I'm dying to buy one for one of my friend's dogs and/or to pass off to my friend as a human popsicle and see how long it takes him to realize the joke.)  The place just seems like a nice family business in the sea of chain restaurants known as Phoenix.
5	There isn't much to add on this place.  It's just a really awesome ice cream shop.  That is way different than anything else around here.  The popsicles actually have pieces of the ingredients in them so you aren't wondering if it's just over priced frozen drink mix.  I had the Blackberry Lavender popsicle and it was very good and had chunks of blackberry in it.  My sister's Banana's Foster popsicle was even better.  I will probably get that next time.  The only disconcerting thing is the bite mark, ha.  It's very real looking... we both looked at each other and wondered if it was supposed to be there, but they all have them so it's part of the mold.  The girl getting ice cream for everyone was really nice and helpful.  A really outstanding place.  If you are in downtown chandler definitely go by and get one.Try:- blackberry - bananas foster
5	Arizona is hot. If that's your thing, great, but it ain't mine. I grew up in Powell, Wyoming, a little mountain valley town where winter lasts about nine months out of the year and you're lucky to get through it without getting snowed in at least once. I have never owned a pair of shorts as an adult, because I prefer to stick to climates where they're not needed. Unfortunately, sometimes visiting the people you love involves putting up with temperatures you don't, so when Boyfriend and I were killing an afternoon in the Mill Avenue district in Tempe and stumbled across Paletas Betty, I jumped at the chance to duck in someplace air conditioned for a cool, sweet treat.Some people will probably balk at the idea of spending $3 on a popsicle. I, on the other hand, am very much a believer in the idea that you get what you pay for, and these pops are no exception. Betty uses fresh, natural ingredients to make her delicious frozen creations, with flavors ranging from standards like strawberry and lemon to unusual ones like Mexican hot chocolate (spiced with cinnamon!) and even chicken stock and peanut butter pops for your canine companion.The personal touches to Betty's paletas, like the mold she uses to create a bite-shaped indentation in each pop and the peel-off stickers on her labels, add a bit of whimsy. As others have mentioned, the store was uncluttered, very clean, and brightly lit through huge windows facing the street.Boyfriend and I sat at a table on the patio (which was refreshingly free of sticky goo--try finding a non-gross outdoor table at most frozen treat places!) and enjoyed people-watching while we munched on our paletas. As soon as the clerk got around to describing the spiced chocolate pop, I knew exactly what he was going to order. I went for the melon, a delicious combination of cantaloupe and basil that was amazingly refreshing after traipsing around shopping in the heat. We had just eaten lunch at a local brewery and were in for a huge dinner that night with family, so I was glad that the pops could satisfy our jones for a little treat but didn't fill us up. We traded bites and each enjoyed the other's selection very much, although I can safely say Boyfriend would not have been up for a trade.While I probably won't be making my way out there just to have another, I will readily admit that knowing I could stop in for a paleta here would make a trip back to America's oven much more tolerable.
5	This is the perfect way to cool down during summer. They put fresh fruit in their Popsicles and they are extremely reasonably priced.
5	I still like to stop by every time I'm in downtown Chandler. It's so nice to take a stroll after dinner and get a refreshing light dessert. The creamy pecan or Mexican chocolate ones are good palate cleansers after a few beers at San Tan, too.They do take credit cards now, fyi. They have one of those fancy "square" thingies for the ipad. They also now offer a variety of fruity drinks, some of which have no added sugar so that is great.
5	If you have never been before you should really try harder... Your mother taught you better than that. Go and buy a smoked pecan paleta.
5	Love this place! If you have not tried this out yet definitely do so! Perfect for the hot AZ summers.I have tried the Mango with Chile, Roasted Pecan, Strawberry Cream, Orange Cream, and the Watermelon with Mint. All were fantastic. My favorite flavor really is the one that I am eating at the moment. They are all that good. BTW if you decide to sit down and eat your popsicles in the store, their water cooler is always filled with different fruit flavors! The last time I was there it was strawberry and orange flavored water. Genius!
5	I'm not exactly sure why this place isn't packed on a 112 degree day like today. The paletas are so delicious! We just happened upon the place because we parked in front of it. After our afternoon activities in the sun, a frozen treat sounded so good, and man did this place hit the spot!No short cuts with their product here. The fruit is fresh and the flavors are bold and well-blended. I got the mango con chili which had just the right amount of heat. Hubby got the Mora (blackberry with lavender) and it was delicious! So fresh!Great customer service too. Very warm and friendly and she even offered to pack our treats in ice if we wanted to eat them later.Price is on point. We got 2 paletas for $5. Great spot. Can't wait to return.
5	So fresh, great flavors inexpensive
5	The best popsicles i have had, simple as that.
5	Wonderfully unique dessert. Limon is a must have.
5	omg!!!! so many delicious flavors! i love this place!ps. pick one up for your pup!
5	Perfect place for a hot summer day.  Amazing paletas!  Friendly staff and fresh ingredients.  Welcoming environment in downtown Chandler.
4	I stopped by today to get a key lime bar, but it was sold out.  I decided to go with the Pineapple/Raspberry.  My first impressions: the product is high quality, very tasty, and survived a 7 minute ride home in 106 degrees (my vehicle's AC is lacking).  The staff was attentive, friendly, and informative.  There is a branded sticker on the wrapper, and my daughter wanted it for the back of her phone.They do have another location in Tempe, but if you are familiar with Porkopolis, at the north-east corner of Arizona and Willis, you'll be able to find Paletas Betty there as well.The only reason I didn't award 5 stars, was the price.  $3.04 including tax, seems just a bit steep, but you do get what you pay for.  I'll pay it to try the key lime bar...
5	Paletas Betty provided a refreshing cool treat after our meal at San Tan this afternoon.  We walked down the block and around the corner and I had a blueberry lemonade popsicle and Mr. M had a mango popsicle.  For $2.50 each they beat the hell out of a fatty 8-dollar dessert at a restaurant.  We will definitely be returning for more of these.  The mango tasted like I was eating a chilled fresh mango and the blueberry flavor just popped AND that one turned my tongue purple, so that was a bonus.  I am so glad we stepped into this nice, clean little shop.  We'll definitely be back.
5	Yum.
5	You can't get better than this!  There's always a different flavor to try when we stop in!
5	Love the fresh ingredients, flavor combinations, and the concept.  Be sure to get on the secreto list....
5	I love this place but I can't understand why more people don't go here. My dogs love this place as well. The staff is always nice.
4	Great popsicles for sure!  I think the price is a little steep as well (about $3), but they are very good and taste fresh.  I have had about 4 different flavors.  The fresas con crema (strawberries and cream), as well as the Mango were both delicious.  I had one that had pecans in it and there were way too many for my liking.  The peaches and mint was pretty good, but too much mint as well.  Overall, I think their product is great, but those two things (cost and some flavor combos) have me give it 4 stars.
4	After eating a hearty Korean BBQ lunch, we all wanted something sweet and light . Our friend, recommended Paletas Betty, which my eyes lit up at  the moment  he said "Paletas". I've never had the chance to try paletas,so today was perfect for it.The store is spare and modern with pops of color accents, which instantly drew me in. As a chocolate lover, I chose the chocolate, which is a take on Mexican hot chocolate and spices. Wow, it's just like eating frozen hot chocolate on a stick. My husband chose the Mango con Chili and by the time I turned around to have a taste, it was gone! My other cohorts chose different flavors, but overall, everyone raved about their paletas.  Because we are all pigs, we decided to go for round #2, with different flavors this time around. I was nothing but happy and pleased with my choice of the mango and chili. I think if we hadn't eaten lunch before our dessert, we most likely would have attempted round #3.This place is now a favorite of mine and will make time and effort to go back again, and again, and again...
5	WOW! I Love this place. The naranja is my favorite flavor although the pura pina is a close second. Fresh ingredients make all the difference in the world. This is a great frozen dessert if you are looking for something sweet and refreshing. You won't be disappointed with these popsicles. YUMMY!!
5	Ok, I've been to this place probably ten times.  And most of the choices we're so-so... but recently, I was introduced to their orange creamsicle.  It has two levels of deliciousness, and every time I try one it blows my mind.  It's like the top level has flash frozen fresh squeezed orange juice on it, and the bottom level is the perfect blend of creamy orange goodness.  It's without question, hands down, the best popsicle I've ever put in my mouth.  Go try one!!
5	Coming from a city who has some of the best ice cream in the country (aka Jeni's), I have high standards when it comes to this cool treat. When I heard about Paletas Betty I knew I had to try it, as the flavors and concept reminded me a lot of Jeni's. While at the Chandler farmer's market last week, they had a stand there and I couldn't pass down the opportunity to taste one...even if it was right before going to dinner!They only had 4 options at their cart that day, but I went with the calabaza (creamy pumpkin pie) because I'm a sucker for anything pumpkin. It was absolutely delicious and refreshing on the hot day it was. Nice and creamy, with the perfect amount of pumpkin flavor that wasn't overpowering. They offer a lot of other unique flavors that I can't wait to go back and taste...this might be added to the "must go" list when I'm in town!
5	Love the company, products and service.  My wife and I visited from Colorado and she was in love!  We love promoting great homemade quality foods and this is the real deal.  If only we had something like this in CO, but we have winters so it might be tough.  Thanks again for your great products!
5	We have been here SO many times, with SO many different kids and people - EVERYONE loves it.A nice little place with delicious popsicles (paletas!) - definitely try the key lime one - really good. And the sour lemon.Some people really like the chocolate one - spicy - and my son loves the orange one. The arroz con leche one was good too.Go try those paletas made by Betty that have a bite taken out, and stick that sticker on the wall!Also, it's best to keep track of their ever-changing selection/availability on their constantly-updated website! Very nice touch!
5	Betty has done for popsicles what Jeni did for ice cream!These are delicious, creamy, artisanal popsicles that are incredible. No matter where you go for dinner, be sure to stop at Peletas Betty for dessert. Or go to an AJ's to buy a pint a Jeni's - made right down the street from me in Columbus, Ohio.
5	Have you always wondered what the true potential of a popsicle was?  Me neither.But if you did, you can find out here.  My Yelper daughter Emma W brought us here to @PaletasBetty and we were wowed. Awesome fresh, natural, vibrant flavors.I think we've been back here almost every time we're back in Phoenix since the first time we went.  Some of the flavors are so good you can't wait to have them again, like blackberry-lavender or key lime.
5	:)
5	What a great find Paletas Betty is. My family and I have bought popsicles at both the Chandler and Tempe locations and are yet to discover a flavor that doesn't deserve to be tried again. With that said, there is something about the traditional Mexican Chocolate Paleta that is downright addicting. Creamy, smooth, and just sweet enough without being too sweet. In my book, you also can't go wrong with the Arroz con Leite. My kids love the creamy fruit flavors, and if you're adventurous you might want to try the Pina con Chile (pineapple with chile powder).The service is alway quick and friendly, and even though you're eating sweets its nice to know the ingredients are fresh and everything is made from scratch. We have a lot of hot days in Arizona - Paletas Betty is a great place to cool off.
5	Very fresh tasty and interesting paletas and for your canine companion they make peroletes (how cute is that!).  I had the watermelon mint AND the cantaloup basil yesterday and both were awesome.  Give this awesome local business your business.
4	The Coco is my favorite! Pure coconut- not too sweet, very refreshing! Definitely a great compliment to the other businesses in the area.
5	We LOVE Paletas Betty, especially after having dinner at El Zocalo around the corner.  You can really taste all the ingredients, the store is clean, and it's a healthy alternative to ice cream.  You really can't go wrong with any of their flavors either.
5	how do you review a place that makes heaven seem like someplace you can wait a little longer to go?  to put it simply:  this is (hot/bright) arizona.  PB's makes unique, fresh, and homemade popsicles in dreamy flavor combinations.  the math is pretty simple.
4	I think i have yelped their other location on Mill.This one is exponentially better because there are no crazies or drunk college students here. YAY!I normally get pretty standard flavors here. Nothing fancy. I got the naranja and my wife the coconut (don't know the name of that one). They were good as we knew they would be and expected them to be.They have stickers all over their wall that you can slap one up there. mine is the upside down one on the speaker.
5	Yum! Yum! Never let down.   I have tried many flavors and they are all amazing. What a wonderful little treasure this place is.
5	I've been here quite a few times, and this place is definitely one of my favorites in the Chandler/Gilbert area. It usually isn't too difficult to find parking, but you might have to circle around a few times on weekends as it is downtown Chandler. Anyone working is always incredibly friendly and won't hesitate to help out if you have trouble deciding which flavor to get -as I often do. Even when there are a lot of people here, as there often are on weekend nights, the line moves really quickly and there are a few tables for anyone who wants to hang out around the shop. I've had the:-watermelon with mint (amazing! very refreshing and not too sweet)-peach with mint (probably one of my favorites that I've had there so far)-key lime (my sister's favorite, but i really just like the graham cracker crust on it)-lemon drop (i liked it a lot, but it was very very tart)-plain pineapple (also very refreshing, it was more or less just like eating a frozen pineapple spear)-blackberry lavender (a popular flavor, but I didn't particularly like it because i couldn't really taste the lavender)-orange vanilla cream (definitely one of my favorites, i like that it's vanilla with a separate layer of orange on top)-bananas foster (it was a little too sweet for me, but my sister likes this one)I especially like that their menu changes almost daily so that there's always a new flavor to try, and they even have paletas for dogs! I'll definitely be back!
4	This place is pretty neat.  Nestled in the heart of historic downtown Chandler. Paletas Betty have a great selection of frozen deserts.  My favorite being the pineapple con chile popsicle, its the pefect treat on these hot summer days!  A definite must try!
5	Awesome paletas you can ask my son lol
4	Not a big fan of Popsicles however I will say these are pretty amazing. Had the cucumber with mint and it tastes like a cross between Yoplait lime yogurt and sugarcane. Loved it! Family loved it too.Taste - Excellent. Trying the key lime next timeAmbience (inside) - simple and easy to choose products. (Outside) - well, its in the historic zone so nice at 730pm. Wouldn't want to be sitting out here past 10pm with the characters that normally lerk around after dark in these parts. Service - Great. College kid at register. Very helpful and bubbly.Interesting fact - They even have a Popsicle for our dog called a 'perroleta'.
3	On the very rare occasion we were in downtown Chandler for a friends birthday dinner.  After dinner we were full, the weather was nice and we were craving dessert.  I had heard about Paletas Betty and always wanted to try it.  I decided on the arroz con leche which basically tasted like rice pudding.  It was good and creamy .  My brother had the platano (bananas foster with carmel and rum) - his was pretty good but it didn't have that creamy texture but more of a frozen bar that you had to bite down hard to break a piece off.  Though the concept is neat all with the mold that shows each bar has been taste tested with a "bite mark" on each corner, it isn't something that I would really ever crave again.  It was nice to try to say I have now tried it, but I definitely wouldn't go out of my way to have it.  Nonetheless, it's a local business, so everyone else who lives in the area should frequent the place!!
5	This place is awesome!!! The employees are so nice and helpful and the food quality is great. I will be back for sure. So glad I found this place :)
4	Quite good actually.  You just need to ask yourself if you're prepared to drop $3 for a popsicle.
5	Still great!
5	If these things are PokeBalls then I'm Ash Kechem because I WILL catch them all. The place is small and kind of hidden but very nice and clean on the inside. I tried a lemon flavored paleta and loved it. Not too sweet or tarty but perfect. I also tried some of my girlfriends Aroz Con Leche which was also really tasty.  I haven't tried all yet but I will be back!
4	Came here after eating Korean food for lunch and loved these paletas! I spent several summers in Mexico and had a daily paleta (fresh creamy/fruity popsicles), so I was thrilled to hear that we could get them in Chandler. Paletas Betty is in downtown Chandler right next to a bunch of gift shops, bridal stores, and some other restaurants. We did circle a bit before finding it. The store itself is super clean and cute inside with all the different flavored popsicles laid out in the freezer. I got the Arroz con leche (like cinnamony rice pudding) paleta and my sister got the pecan popsicle, each just $2.79. My other friends got a pineapple paleta and blackberry paleta. They didn't have strawberry paletas today unfortunately. I can tell the paletas are fresh and haven't been in the freezer too long. My arroz con leche was yummy, sweet, and creamy. My sister's paleta had real pecans in it, and the fruit paletas had real fruit in them too! The store also has a creative sticker wall where you peel off the popsicle label and stick it onto the wall. Kinda fun!Next time I'm trying the pear with cranberry!
4	Love their popsicles. They use all natural ingredients which is a big plus.
4	Good Popsicle, great flavor combinations.  My dog loved the dog Popsicle, but the agua frescas are the best.
5	Paleta Betty's may be the place I miss most about Arizona. Two perfect locations, downtown Tempe and Oldtown Chandler. Delicious homemade popsicles for whatever you are in the mood for. Sweet and fruity? Herbs and lavender? Something chocolately and spicy? Oh I miss this place! Now my husband torments me when he flys to Tempe on business and can walk here from his hotel.
5	What a little gem!  We love Betty and her paletas.  Locally owned and put pride in their food.  Great flavors from simple to complex.  In the day of dying out ice cream shops this place is a keeper, make it out to Betty's it's worth the effort!
5	I highly recommend these paletas! Great robust flavor. The chocolate, Nunez and orange are awesome.
5	Handmade Mexican fruit popsicle that are so delicious.. If you are in downtown Chandler for dinner, take a walk around the corner to this little shop and grab one...yum! It is hidden around the corner from DC steakhouse.  The shop is very clean on the inside and you get to put your sticker from your popsicle on the wall- the higher the better ( a big hit if you have younger kids...ok, I like doing it too!).  I am a fan of the lemon bar, but recently discovered the orange creamsicle!  No matter how full I am from dinner, I always seem to find room for one of these delicious treats!I might add, this is a fun little area to go to if you have out of town guests visiting.  Downtown Chandler is full of great little restaurants and little shops, and why not stroll along with a Paetas Betty in hand?
5	We were in downtown Chandler for lunch and decided to walk over here for dessert. I had the nuez and it was delicious. I also got the hibiscus and lemon drink for my drive home and it was so refreshing, especially since it hit 100 degrees today. I would highly recommend this place, plus you don't have to feel guilty because everything is all made fresh there.
5	Cool, refreshing, and all local ingredients! Best flavors: Mango, Strawberries and Cream, Bananas Foster, and Cherry Almond! [Please bring back Cherry Almond, Betty!]
5	Delicious, simple, and cheap!
5	Great dessert option to keep things light. Flavors are special and unique. Tried the arroz con leche and it is delicious tasting like horchata or rice pudding with cinnamon.
4	Love the flavorful options which seem (hopefully correctly) to be healthier than other frozen treats.It's nice, bright and clean-feeling inside, and you gotta love the cute stickers.And...though I didn't see a pup onsite enjoying one, they sell dog paletas!
5	Paletas Betty totally doesn't need yet another enthusiastic review, but I can't help myself. Located in the cute downtown Chandler area, it is walking distance from tons of little restaurants and shops. The storefront is adorable - big tall windows, a couple of tables on the patio outside and some additional tables inside. There are some cute paintings on the far wall of various Paletas-making and selling scenes - picturesque and perfect.The menu is a digital readerboard and is a little tough to read - it flips through the various flavors, listed with the flavor names in Spanish and the descriptions in tinier writing underneath. I usually have to watch the rotation and reread the descriptions a few times before I'm able to determine what I actually wanted. I'm not always a big popsicle fan - melty sticky sugar water on a stick has never been a big favorite of mine. I was drawn into Paletas Betty by the fact that they use real ingredients and that a million billion yelpers can't possibly be wrong. We frequent a few of the restaurants nearby and one of our favorites (San Tan Brewery) has a rather lackluster summer dessert offering. After ordering their Blondie and being disappointed more than once, we finally decided to search for an alternative sweet treat destination. Paletas Betty was oh-too-convenient, amazingly delicious, and the price is more than right. On our first visit, we tried the Pineapple (sweet and tart, just perfect!) and the Mexican Hot Chocolate (also amazing - the spice mix incorporated into the creamy chocolate makes for a nice complex flavor that I couldn't get enough of) On subsequent visits, we've tried Orange Cream, Strawberry Cream, Raspberry, and Butter Pecan. They were all really delicious. I'm always so torn on whether to return to a previous favorite or try yet another new flavor... its a tough decision :) Luckily, at $2.75 each, they are inexpensive enough that we can make plenty of visits without breaking the bank. There are a few little touches that make them unique and fun: each popsicle has a little "bite" out of the corner - so cute! and the popsicle packages have a purple Paletas Betty sticker that can be removed and stuck to a toddler's t-shirt, the wall, etc. Service has always been good - there has been a younger girl working the counter each time we've been in, and the last couple of times she's recognized us (you're back again? :)  ) I wish they had a "kid" size for the popsicles - the regular size is a bit unwieldy for my 3 year old, but he's at a point where he doesn't really want to share with mom and dad. That's really my only complaint, and even that is a stretch. If you haven't been, please go try one and pick one up for me while you're at it!!
5	So....I was going to visit my uncle in Sun Lakes today.  I had a sandwich at Pane Bianco and then decided I wanted some dessert.  I saw that this was kind of on the way to my Uncles house, so I decided to stop in.  I went with an Arroz Con Leche and a Mango Con Chile.  They are $2.50 each and here is how they were...........Arroz Con Leche-  I ate this one first.  It was like eating rice pudding on a stick.  It was damn delicious.  It had hints of what seemed like cinnamon throughout and was nice and creamy and refreshing for this hot day.  I liked it a lot and can envision getting it again.Mango Con Chile-  This was my second popsicle I ate.  This one was fantastic!  It had a ton of chile in it.  It was spicy and hit you in the back of the throat yet it wasn't so overpowering that you needed some water or so that you couldn't enjoy it.  I enjoyed every bite of it!  The texture was awesome and it was filled with pieces of mango bits.  The flavor of the fruit and the chile together was a great combo!  I will definitelyget this flavor again the next time I come.$5.00 for 2 popsicles is a steal!  I will be back soon enough.
5	Came here at 9pm on a Tuesday and had the whole place to ourselves. I got the pecan bar, my husband got the seasonal blueberry lemonade. Both were unique, and packed a lot of fresh flavor. The pecan is a good sweet/savory flavor while the blueberry lemonade was tart and refreshing. It was clean, well kept, and the cashier was super friendly. I left feeling like my sweet tooth was totally satisfied without the fatty feeling you get after Ice cream. I can already predict what I will be craving the next time I get pregnant. Paletas!
5	OBSESSED with their Popsicles oh my gosh, you honestly can NOT go wrong with any choice. Love the ones with fresh fruit in them  yum. Love that it's a hole in the wall and homemade seasonal flavors
5	Wanted some post-lunch ice cream, gelato... basically something cold and tasty.. looked on yelp and came across this place. Also up for something different we went to check it out... good selection of flavors, cheap price... BF didn't want his own, which I really wanted to try two different flavors, but ended up splitting the strawberries and cream with him. Very fresh with large chunks of strawberries and a smooth creamy flavor.
5	Great Arizona gem!  Amazing sweets to savor and can only dream they will come to North Scottsdale soon!
5	Such a cool spot to visit when I'm downtown. Great, tasty, and so so yummy. The spaces is fun, clean and open that makes it inviting to anyone passing by. Staff is always friendly and they often have samples of drinks. Such a welcomed treat on typical hot summer days.
5	Popsicle popsicle popsicleI want to eat my popsicle popsicle popsicleI want to eat my popsicleI want to eat my popI want to eat my popsicleI want to eat it where I likeIt's weird. Never been that big into popsicles. Still, when the Michoacan paleta cart pusher happened to be passing by wherever I was I'd usually stop and get one. Sometimes the flavors were good, sometimes just ok. But I'm addicted to Paletas from this place. I've liked everything I tried so far at Paletas Betty. I know I'll keep coming back just to try the stuff I haven't yet. And even after that I'll come back for the ones I liked the most. You can pay with credit card because they're running Square or something like it. Always plenty of parking when I come by - Boston Street west of Arizona. The Paletas all come with a bitemark. LOL. Whenever I've treated friends to these paletas that's the first thing they notice. Another cool thing is the plastic wrapping around the paleta has a peelable sticker on it. I've stuck em all over the place. There's a contest on their website where you need to stick the Paletas Betty sticker in some exotic part of the world and you can win a free Paleta. I'll stick it on a Kim Il Sung statue on my next North Korean vacation.
5	I have tried so many of their flavors and only found one I did not like, zarzamora. I found it to be too tart and lacked the lavender. Otherwise, this place is great for a paleta (or two) while walking around downtown Chandler.
