4	The best homemade tortillas in Scottsdale!! Located in a historic adobe home in Old Town Scottsdale.  Dishes include ancho raspberry-encrusted pork chops and Shawnee sea bass with a cheese and rock shrimp quesadilla, topped with shoestring sweet potatoes. The banana crisp wrapped in a sweet tortilla with blackberry compote is out of this world.
1	I can't believe I have to give a star to this place in order to provide a review.Had the worst restaurant experience, EVER, at this establishment.  The food was a nightmarish mess.  It was so bad it was hysterical!  Service was absolutely 3rd world!  The nerdy waitress had the nerve to overcharge our table $40.  The manager stumbled out bellowing, "What's your problem now?!" "FIRST OF ALL, we aren't pleased with the food and the waitress overcharged us." I retorted."Well get out, we're closing in 20minutes anyway!" he snickered.Long story short --- this place is an overrated outhouse.
3	I've never been terribly impressed with the food. Way overpriced for the mediocre entrees they're serving up. But this is a great place to go for drinks & appetizers - sit on the patio around the fountain. The appetizers are decent and fairly priced and the ambiance is really nice. I like to take tourists here when they visit me. (Then if they're still hungry, we'll go to Los Sombreros for dinner!)Do try their homemade tortillas with flavored butter - they're better than anything on the menu.
1	This place is just plain rank.  We were seated late - the food came cold and late and the time between the first plate and the last plate brought to our table was over 20 mins. I do not care if they comped the appetizers or the last entree' the place is a joke, and some loser in the bathroom asked me Hurry up while I was peeing in the urinal!!  It almost got violent.  Not only is the restaurant a loser the customers are also.
3	Decent food.  Had the poblano de mariscos - stuffed pepper with creamy / crab meat filling.  very rich.Homemade tortillas were good, but not as wonderful as I remember from last September.Great atmosphere.Service was a tad slow.
2	A group of us went to Old Town Tortilla Factory as a local recommended the place. We sat outside on the patio, and it was nice to feel the water mist.The food is NOT worth the price. I shared a Green Chile Enchilada Stack ($12) and Pollo Margarita ($20) with two other friends. The entrees were not impressive. The enchilada had so much cheese on it and I could barely taste the tortilla and the chicken. The enchilada sauce didn't bring out any flavor to the dish. The Pollo Margarita was stuffed chicken breast with cheese and peppers. It was topped with tequilla citrus sauce, and included potato cakes and vegetables. The chicken was sooooo dry. For $20, I was expecting to eat excellent chicken.In addition, we had to ASK for the homemade tortillas. Come on!! Since they are known to make the tortillas, I was expecting tortillas to be made constantly.Eh, not a good restaurant.
4	thankfully it's warm enough in the desert to eat outside, with the aid of heating lamps. the house margarita is sublime, the horny isn't that bad looking either. i loved their mushrooms & tortillas. while there, the bartender convinced me to have some partida tequila. i sniffed, ogled &  proceeded to let the smoothness trickle down. great staff- they're really accommodating.
3	I pretty much agree with the lukewarm reviews.  This is another case of style over substance.  Old Town Tortilla Factory is to Sonoran what Sassi is to Italian, except where Sassi gets 5 stars for ambiance and 3.5 stars for food and to me is worth the price, OTTF gets  3.5 stars for ambiance and 2 stars for food and isn't worth the price.  So I think I'm being generous with the 3 star rating.  After reading the yelp reviews I made sure to not get my hopes up, but before leaving Boston my co-workers gave me a gift card here so I had to give it a shot.  On to my particular experience. . . The outdoor seating is very nice, but I wish the chairs weren't plastic.  Plastic works at brunch on a farm, not dinner in Scottsdale.  And I still can't believe how many heaters they had going at full blast, it was a calm 62 degrees when I was there.  If you get cold, throw on an alcohol jacket.  Which is what my husband and I proceeded to do.  He had the Treasure Margarita - at first he balked at $11.25 but they give you a shaker to pour it yourself so it comes out to be like 1.5 - 1.75 drinks.  He liked it very much, but laughed when I had said another reviewer had called them "sublime".  I had a sauvingon blanc which had a funny taste to it.  Meh.  Instead of bread and butter, there gimmick is, as you would guess, fresh house made tortillas.  When the waitress brought ours out she remarked that the spread was a cilantro butter, then proceeded to open the tortilla holder and said, "Oh, and the tortillas are cilantro flavored. . .they make new flavors all the time so I guess this batch was cilantro. . ."  Quick hint to OTTF - if you're serving cilantro butter, skip the cilantro flavored tortillas.  The tortillas were very good no doubt sans extra cilantro flavored butter.  We started with the Chorizo Fundido which was nothing special.  It was a bit too creamy (think sour cream) and not cheesey enough, certainly not the Queso Guillermo at El Encanto which is a bowl of melted cheesey goodness.  Since I'm sort of a wimp when it comes to spice, and considering nearly every dish is marked with a "spicy" chili logo, I asked the waitress how spicy the Chicken Calabacitas were.  She said that they are very safe with their "spicy" designation and none of the dishes have overpowering spice.  "It's not like you'd need a sip of water after every bite."  I trusted her unfortunately, and was disappointed that I needed a sip of water after every 2 bites.  Besides the spice, the dish was good and bountiful.  My husband ordered the Pork Chile Verde and was disappointed at how tough and chewy it was.  The highlight of the meal was when we paid with the $75 gift card for the $67 meal (being so underwhelmed, we were willing to forfeit the additional $8 without getting anything else).  The waitress came back, apologized that she couldn't get the gift card to run properly, so instead of being left with $8 on the card she just gave us a new $10 card.  Of course, this now means we'll have to go back. . .at least for a drink. .
1	This place is a joke, the food is bland. Nay recommended!!!
2	Warning: My review might be jaded because I had just had amazing Mexican food at Dick's Hideaway (yum!) just the night before.  The outdoor patio lighting was nice, but failed to give us the romantic atmosphere we were hoping for.  It also kept starting to rain on us.  One additional star for the waiter for being super willing and nice and able to find us an indoor table that we passed on 3 different times.I love Mexican and Tex-Mex, but this restaurant was sub-par.  We had the appetizer sampler platter.  The santa fe roll was weird.  I dont like that the shredded/mashed beef was cold.  The flavor was just weird. The cheese sauce on the nachos was decent, as well as the pico de gallo that came on top. The ribs were okay, and were served room temperature.  The quesadillas were also just okay.I was confused by the pablano pepper tortillas and butter they brought out.  I didn't know what to do with them.  Tried the butter on the tortilla.  Tasted like regular tortilla.  I couldn't find the stuffing in my stuffed filet mignon.  It was just an 'okay' steak. For dessert we had the flan.  The almond liqueur gave it a good kick and was a good differentiating factor.  The slivered almonds was nice.Sorry, but I won't come back.  There are plenty of other good & better Mexican restaurants in the area.
2	It's in a pretty good location in DT Scottsdale, just slightly off the beaten path.  There's a large area outdoors for those nice fall/winter nights.  The pros:  the bread (in this case tortilla) is really good.  It's served with a special tasty spread.The cons: the rest of the food is pretty mediocre.  Service was not so good for a slow night.  Waiter only came by about twice.
3	A beautiful little oasis spot in a gorgeous location, this restaurant has survived off word of mouth for ages. My sister nominated this place to me as having the best Margaritas back before I was old enough to drink. Sadly, today this place is a mere shadow of its former self (if a place can have a 'self'). Today, the Margaritas taste like they came from a mix you could by at the grocery store. Much of the food is sub-par and tastes pretty bland... there is talent behind the scenes though. Management just chooses to cut corners to save money. Honestly, this place could really be magic. It's a good candidate for Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares. Especially considering that word of mouth is dwindling on this joint. It barely gets by on walk-in business from out-of-towners staying across the street at the Valley Ho, but even this won't last. A friend of mine works here (as does or did the short and slightly douchey Mike from the Paradise Hotel 2 reality show) and even admits that the place isn't doing well. It's really a shame because like I said, this was once a place that earned its word of mouth praise which was literally heaped on at one time.As it is, this place is merely okay... the ambiance is better than the food, but it's not horrible. The only reason I suggest staying away is because I hope someday they turn it around and make it worth going again so that I can truly recommend it. If you do go, please tip generously. ;) Best times to go are early evenings in the spring or fall or on only the coolest of Arizona summer days.
2	My mouth is watering just thinking of the fluffy floured freshly made tortillas.  The tortillas along with their cilantro butter are nothing short of amazing. And they should be.  I mean, it IS called the Old Town Tortilla Factory, so they had better be delicious.  Other than that and the expansive twinkle-lit patio, there's nothing to really write home about here.  I found myself here twice in the past week so I was able to enjoy some great patio dining.It seems like every Mexican/ Southwestern restaurant says they have the best margarita in Arizona.  OTTF makes that claim on the back side of their menu, along with a litany of other awards mostly from Citysearch.  City what?  City who?  The award-winning Treasure margarita looked impressive and robust presented with the shaker - providing an extra drink or so.  The taste was not anything out of this world like I expected.The patio is really huge and makes up probably 70 percent of all the seating in the establishment abutting the quaint historic adobe home - meaning fall and spring are definitely the times to go here.  But the green plastic chairs - gahh!  A charming and impressive patio is diminished by the cheap picnic ambiance the chairs emit.The food is ok.  The first time I had the Poblano de Mariscos -- stuffed poblano peppers filled with crab, cream cheese, herbed butter, roasted corn, diced red bell peppers with a shrimp cream sauce. The reality?  Stuffed peppers with mostly cream cheese and a smattering of crab flakes.  I couldn't even taste the crab.  The second time I ordered the tortilla soup and it wasn't all that great either.  It was more red than orange and had more chicken and not enough tortilla than I have had elsewhere.  It's ok if that the way you like it, but I will pass.  The salsa was the worst though.  Mostly a red tomato sauce with bit of chile included.  It was the most mild and un-spicy salsa I have EVER had in my life.  I think Pace mild sauce is hotter than this stuff. Since I was with my friend Maya and a friend visiting from Queens, I was shouting "New York City?!" - mocking the old Pace commercials.  Maybe they accidentally served us Ragu.  Who knows? All was fine once we asked for habanero sauce to spice it up. 2.5 stars overall. 5 stars for the tortillas.
3	For a place with "tortilla" in the title, there really wasn't much there that required a tortilla for the eating of it.  There was meat loaf, pasta and mashed potatoes on the menu.  That's Mexican?  It was very weird.  I had  the quesadillas, which were filled with vegetables and very tasty, but they should have grilled it more since the cheese wasn't fully melted.  The portions were a good size, and flavors were good, but not fabulous.The tortillas with butter are a bit confusing to me.  What am I supposed to do with it?  Eat it like a piece of bread?  I'm a Midwesterner, so you might have to explain it a bit to me.Our server was fantastic (and adorable).  He checked on us just the right number of times, and was friendly without being overbearing.
3	Pretty good.  5 of us decided to try it out.  Sara said her margarita was something to yelp about, so I am.I had the quesadilla, it was stuffed with veggies but was really messy to eat.  It kept falling apart.  Gary had the meatloaf, he dug his mashed potatoes but said the meatloaf was too spicy.   Emily had a wrap type appetizer.  She really liked hers, and had leftovers.  I never have leftovers, I have a Gary! ha!  Kathy had salad with shrimp, and she ate it all, so it must of been good. The cheese tortillas were fantastic! Apparently they have 12 different tortilla flavors. For dessert we had almond flan with berries, SO GOOD!  More please!  And a chocolate cake, I didn't try any of it but it disappeared so it must of been good!The patio was nice but it's summer in Phoenix so we ate inside.  I don't know if I would go here again.  It might make it's way into my rotation.  Maybe for a drink on the patio in the winter.
1	Ever see the 2 girls, 1 cup video?  I think I'd rather try that than ever eat at Tortilla Factory again.It's that bad. Really. The worst (in every way) restaurant I have ever been to. In my entire life.  And I'm 369 years old.
1	I always here great stuff about this place.The food and service totally suck.The tortillas are pretty good and the scenery is great but seriously, a blind homeless guy could cook better.Complete rip off, dont believe the hype.
4	Wow.  Some of these reviews absolutely floor me.  How can there be THIS much difference of opinion?I just got back from a weeklong vacation with the family in Scottsdale, AZ and while looking for places to eat my wife had jotted down the "Old Town Tortilla Factory" on her pre-trip search.  She said the Food Network had them listed as some of the best Margaritas around.  So last Tuesday we stopped by for a few and some appetizers.  The kids ordered their non-alcholic cherry margaritas (on the kids menu) and some nachos. My wife, mother-in-law and I all ordered different Margaritas to compare.  We planned on getting the "Million Dollar Margarita" (well reviewed), but at $20 it just seemed steep.  But we were all raving about the Treasure Margarita.  Definately two thumbs up.  We also  some appetizers - "Nachos Del Sol" which is loaded with jalapenos, chorizo, pepperjack cheese, pico de gallo, guacamole and probably a few more things I can't remember. It had a kick to it, which I liked..... the small order was pretty well sized.  My wife & mother-in-law ordered the "Plato Apertivo" which was kind of like an appertizer sampler (ribs, Santa Fe rolls, nachos, quesadillas, etc).  They enjoyed that.   The Tortillas however, were OK.  they offer different kinds depending on what's the special of the day.  When we went it was Black Bean.  They were fresh and served with a dried tomato butter.  Interesting.  Overall we had a great experience.  Good, friendly & prompt service and it wasn't crowded at all.  So good in fact that we went back for dinner on Friday night.  This time we went light on appetizers and ordered full meals.  I have to absolutely RAVE about the "Poblano de Mariscos" - it was two nicely sized poblano peppers, roasted and stuffed with a crab, cheese, roasted corn, red pepper stuffing over rice with a shrimp cream sauce.  It was AWESOME.  As good as a similar dish I like to get in a small restaurant I like in Cabo San Lucas.My wife ordered the Achiote Ribs and my mother-in-law got the Pork Chile Verde.  All seemed quite happy with it.  My sister-in-law got the Penne con Pollo which she quite liked. The kids on the other hand, got orders of Mac 'n Cheese.  Hey, they're kids.Overall I really liked this place and would definately go back again the next time I visit Scottsdale.  It beats the ever underwhelming, overpriced Cheesecale Factory or similar chains.
4	Rolled in last Saturday...still hot so we sat inside. Great atmosphere...service kind of slow however our waiter was very helpful. We ordered margaritas (platinum) they were served in a shaker A+ for that as we re-filled our glasses twice-good value. The chips were a bit stale the salsa OK, the flavored tortillas were great! I ordered the pork chops the wife a salad...the wife liked her salad and my chops were fantastic....the portions of both meals were huge A++. The overall dining experience with atmosphere was a solid 3-1/2 stars so I will round up because our waiter did a great job.
1	Food still tastes like doo doo.And the service is still on par with the food.Caveat emptor.
3	Great patio at night during the cooler months. We recently enjoyed the nice weather with a southwestern feast here. The menu was definitely Mexican, but a little off-beat too. This is a great place to go with a group of friends to get the "old town" party started.Overall good food, nice atmosphere, fair prices, and an amazing location.
3	I found this place last April when I took my first work trip to the greater Phoenix area. It is located just west of the main drag of art galleries in Old Town Scottsdale. For someone who prefers mild warmth to severe heat, the atmosphere was perfect in April. Having just been there in February, the temperature was a little chilly.The restaurant has an indoor seating area, though I cannot imagine a scenario when I would try to sit there. There is also a full patio which is why you have no reason to go inside. The patio (covered in the rain) has space heaters if it does get cold out. There is a beautiful fountain in the middle of the patio that mixes a fire and water show with ambiance. The menu is a modified Mexican. Traditional Mexican meals and tastes presented in new ways. The food is very good and I am told their margaritas, though not the best in town, are very good as well.
2	i heard so much about this place, so came with very high expectations.  the outdoor patio dining space is nice, the lighting is cute.  they have good tortillas and the tequila sampler was good.  everything else was just edible.  the funny thing is that everything looked tex-mex, and the ingredients were mexican but it just didn't taste so mexican to me.  maybe they should rename this place fusion tortilla joint - this way people can better prepare their taste buds and expectations.lesson learned: filter the concierge recommendations with yelp.
4	the best patio in my opinion. such cool lights at night. the portions are hefty and tasty but their happy hour margarita's are buzz inducing and delicious. great for an evening out.
5	The atmosphere outside is amazing.  Im my opinion I think the setting is half the reason to go to a place.Not only the atmosphere, but the food here will impress as well.  Their Sonoran Meatloaf is AMAZING.  I crave this all the time, and you will too once you experience it!
2	Underwhelming.  First time back in 5 years or so and I was looking forward to eating here.  We had such a nice experience the first time.  We went on a Friday night, kind of late, around 7:45pm.  We were seated right away, outside on the patio, which is nice.  Good margaritas.  But, the service and the food, um, not so much.  We were really pushed, being served our soup before our appetizer and our entree while we were still eating our appetizer.  Also, the food, which we liked so much has really dropped off.  The pasta my daughter had was very oily.  My pollo margarita was dry and almost tasteless.  My son-in-law's ribs were good, but not outstanding.  Overall, a disappointment.
3	Order appetizers and set outside.  The waitress was very helpful.  The food was alright.  I did enjoy the specially made tortillas and the spread.
4	I had my first date with my Wife here about 4 years ago (2005), and I really like this place! Great Scottsdale atmosphere- Not snooty or pretentious, just classy enough! Nice quiet bar for drinks, and really good food.
3	My first experience here was 9 or 10 years ago and I tried to go back a year ago at lunch time - SOL they are not open for lunch. I was underwhelmed this time. They do have an amazing tequila selection, one of the best I've seen. The green enchiladas were good, but the menu is limited and all of the wait staff that I observed seemed to be bothered that they had to wait on customers. And $4.99 for chips and salsa at a mexican place-it's not right!
2	As I walked in, I was reading some bad reviews on my blackberry.  But the joint was jumping, there were good-looking pople all around, and I had a good recommendation.  So I took a seat next to the flaming fountain on the patio, and absorbed the cool atmosphere.I wasn't jazzed about the menu descriptions.  They all sounded dull:  grilled sea bass topped with shrimp over garlic mashed potatoes;  Grilled salmon with an apple glaze; various enchiladas; chicken with penne pasta.  I decided that a place called the tortilla factory has got to have good tacos, so I ordered the house tacos.  How could I go wrong?I ordered chips and salsa, and the waiter brought some complimentary black bean tortillas with tomato butter.  I wolfed down one thick, leaden, undercooked flour tortilla and pushed the plate away.  Maybe the worst tortilla I've ever had!The house tacos were just like the fajitas from any chain restaurant:  grilled chicken, steak, and shrimp with accompaniments: guacamole, beans, rice, and pico de gallo.  Shredded iceberg lettuce was the only vegetable.Each individual item was quite bland.  It all could have used a squirt of lime juice, some cilantro, or even just salt and pepper.  The gilled chicken was as tough as could be.  And the plain flour tortillas were nothing special.   I picked at the steak and shrimp and left the chicken.Then I made a huge blunder and ate a second black bean burrito.  As I write this review, I can feel this baseball-sized lump of dough in my stomach.   The atmosphere is cool, but the food stinks.  It reminded me of cafeteria food:  bland, overcooked, and not really fresh.
4	Went to the Factory thinking that it was going to be some great place that gives you beans and rice for some spectacular tortillas.  One would be lead to think since they are called "The Tortilla Factory".  But this wasn't the case.  As someone stated below the tortillas are your starter.  They give it to you in place of chips and salsa, or bread and butter.  Looking at the menu we really didn't see what we thought we were going to see, we got some recommendations from the staff and ended up with Meatloaf (very good by the way) and a dried out pork chop that was covered in a chipotle raspberry sauce (gave me a great idea for my next BBQ) they stated this dish was there best/fav. dish.  Very overpriced.  Margaritas that can run you from $8-$35.  Yeah it was good (I got the $10 marg.) and would have loved to ordered another, but we still had to pay for the food.Overall, I would go back knowing what to expect.  We would order less and eat more of the free tortillas and salsa.  We could have even shared an entree, and gotten some appetizers.  The entrees were large and we had take home.  The flavors of the food were terrific.  The meatloaf was wrapped with bacon.....tasty....
5	I love this restaurant for many reasons... Great service, great atmosphere, and great food! I recommend the Pork Chops, Seabass, or the Meatloaf. All the Margaritas are awesome. Located in Old Town Scottsdale this is a great place to start your night then head out the the bars after a great meal and a few drinks.
4	Moved to Scottsdale yesterday. While our furniture is set to arrive next week, we decided to stay at Valley Ho for a few nights. Didn't want to go far from the hotel since we were super tired, having just driven down from San Francisco. Decided on the TF. Maybe it was the warm weather, outside seating, good margaritas, or maybe it was that I hadn't had those things in so long...SF just can't seem to get that combo right. Whatever the case, the place was good. House-made black bean tortillas with a chili butter to start...good stuff. This was followed by queso fundido (I have missed you) and chips and salsa fuega. California, by-and-large, can't get cheese dip right. Not sure why, or maybe I've just been eating at the wrong places over the last decade. Either way, this was great. Salsa fuega lived up to its name, too. Spicy and roasty. Chips were crispy, not greasy. Margarita was fantastic. No sour mix. Actual citrus. Always makes the difference. Entrees...red chix and cheese enchiladas and pork chili verde. Both were really good. Red sauce on enchiladas was no joke. Complex and good. Potatoes in the chili verde could've stood to be salted more, but there was salt on the table...problem solved. Service was what sealed the deal. Why only 4 stars? As I mentioned, I was tired and only just getting acclimated to the change in weather, scenery, and general niceness of AZ. I'll def go back in a month or so, and see if it was as good as I remember. Until then, this is my story..and I'm def sticking with it.
4	YUMMY!Pretty sweet and simple. I haven't had the opportunity to dine in, but I hear the ambiance is great. We generally do take out when we work late nights, and the food hasn't disappointed me yet. The Nachos del Sol is great..Tortilla chips topped with chorizo, pepperjack cheese, pico de gallo, guacamole,chipotle sour cream & jalapeno peppers with house salsa. (not appropriate for those sensitive to heartburn) A healthier approach would be  the Tequila lime salad with grilled chicken. The dressing is a great touch and the flavors just mix well w/ the chicken and greens.Last but not least- you must try the Chicken Tortilla soup. Thick, and sooo good with the touch of avocado and sour cream. So next time you're looking for a different touch for take out- you should try Old Town Tortilla Factory
3	First night in town and we decided on Mexican food. This place was recommended by the concierge thus we tried it. The outdoor dining area is terrific but was awfully dark making reading the menu difficult. The menu items were more of an "upscale" selection. Our dinners were fantastic, but I would prefer some more traditional choices, as well.
4	Make no mistake - this isn't a mexican restaurant, and the menu seemed somewhat random to me.  Anywho.  My husband and I arrived early to head to the bar for a drink before our reservation.  I ordered a margarita, and loved the extra shaker that went along with it - nice touch!The group arrived and we headed to the patio, which was made quite warm by the heaters.  We started with one order of the Chorizo Fundido, and were brought two big bowls of chips and salsa to go along with it.  Word on the street was that it was delicious, but as a vegetarian I withheld.  A little while later, we were served some yummy warm tortillas and butter - a nice treat!  There aren't many vegetarian options.  I was able to ask for the tacos with extra black beans instead of the meat, and our server was extra accommodating.  It came with 3 small tortillas and a plate full of lettuce, guac, beans, tomatoes, and rice.  It was good....but a little pricey for what it was.  Overall, this was an A-Ok restaurant but our server made it a Yay!  He was friendly and helpful.  He was professional.  He offered, pleasantly, to split checks for our group of 8 and even knew who was together.  Kudos to him!
3	A group of friends and I tried here too on Saturday.  The margaritas were fantastic, but the food was so-so for everyone at the table.  The setting is really unique and fun to hang around.  I would go to the Tortilla Factory again...as long as we were just going for drinks and atmosphere - not for food.
2	I have been here twice, both were very different experiences. First time ain't half bad, the second time was pretty awful. The first time I came here was for a rehearsal dinner (something I learned they are well known for) and had a great time. We sat outside on the patio and it had a very relaxed feel to it. The food was good and they kept the margarita's coming. I went here last week and had a really blah experience. I grew up in Tucson so I am used to fantastic Mexican restaurants, and I was wrong to assume that this was in the same boat. I like when menus are five pages long, there are combo plates, rice and beans come with every entree, and chips and salsa are given (not ordered) and continually refreshed as soon as you finish the bowl. Old Town Tortilla Factory had none of those, on top of the fact that there was only one vegetarian option on the entire menu. I ordered the chicken enchiladas (minus chicken, meaning just cheese) and they were not great; they actually had a sour/tart taste to them. Our server was also not-so-great, he was MIA for the majority of the meal which made it difficult to get refills, condiments, and our check. Also, it was kind of pricey, especially since the quality was pretty low. I will say this, their order of guacamole is large and in charge (about 3 avocados worth) and pretty tasty.
2	so sad when you have a bad experience but i hope it's the only time because we liked this place. the food can be marginal....but what i hate is bad service. we must have gotten a trainee, which is fine, but attitude is everything. i don't berate, complain, or otherwise be rude to my patients (not to their face anyway). it's bad work ethic and i'm providing a service to make them feel better and to let them know i care...ugh....our waitress kept rushing us all night....taking away the chips too soon, constantly pushing the bill on us "have you paid, have you paid, have you paid"....enough! for christs sake, it's not even that busy right now, relax! couldn't get our bill right either. as for the food this night....cold and slightly stale tortillas....the stuffed quesadilla was absolutely flavorless and way too cheesy/greasy....yikes. better luck next time!
3	Not bad.  This place came up in a Yelp search for Mexican but I'm not sure I'd call it a Mexican restaurant.  Food was good, however, and different.  I had the Pollo Margarita and really enjoyed it, especially all veggies.
4	So I have completely been MIA lately! It makes me sad, and I realized that I haven't not been going to as many new places or seeing new sites without Yelp's guidance! So this is my return.Old Town Tortilla Factory was a-ok in my books! I had the enchilada and it was truly delicious. It was almost tex-mex and not truly a "mexican" enchilda, but it was still tasty! The sauce had just the right amount of kick, the tortilla appetizer was delicious, and our server was friendly and gave us space. I'd definitely recommend it as long as you keep in mind that it's not TRULY mexican food...The only thing I would change? It was cold and windy and the heater wasn't close enough to our table to really warm things up ... but if that's my only complaint it wasn't too shabby. :)
3	It's not bad and it's not great.  I definately don't think it's worth the price.. But, I get why people go here.  I guess I'm just one of those folks that doesn't need an expensive diner menu to feel that I am getting quality mexican food.  In addition to this, we were starving when we got there, so we wanted some chips and salsa, which we ended up paying for.. Which is fine and all, but I kinda like when those are complimentary..The tortillas they had the night I was there were potato.  They were delicious.  I could have lived off of them, and the margaritas.  Which, btw, were a great price during happy hour. ($5)  I had an enchilada dish and it was good.  My boyfriend had a pasta dish, and it was also good.  All in all, what we ate was good.  That's all, just good.  If I go back, which I don't know if I will unless someone else suggests it, I'm going to live off the tortillas and margs..Soo, overall, 5 stars for the tortillas, 4 stars for the margaritas, 3 stars for the service, and 2 stars for the food quality vs. price...
4	Best house margarita in Phoenix. Their ingredients are standard, but something makes them tangy and I can't figure it out to duplicate at home. Keeps me coming back I guess. We'd be back more if they offered better vegetarian selections...
4	Had a great meal here - tasty green enchiladas and loved their guac.  Homemade tortillas were a huge hit with our table!  Service was great - quick, but not rushed and very attentive.  I'll be back again.
1	disappointing. we asked the waitress for suggestions and she provided a couple of suggestions including the "starred" pollo margarita. waitress recommendation, star on the menu, highlighted in red.. must be good right?WRONG. the chicken was dry, the potato cake unimpressive, the seasonal vegetables were okay. this dish was so not very good that my mom who hates wasting food.. refused to help me finish it.  she hardly ever says that she doesn't like a dish, she'll usually just say "oh its different" or "its okay.." but she was pretty straightforward in expressing her displeasure at this dish.this place is a bit overpriced, service was just okay and the food... i could have done without..  i don't live in the area, but even if i did, i wouldn't come again.. nice people, just didn't care for anything else..
3	After reading about this restaurant featured in a Phoenix Travel magazine for its patio dining, my hubby & I decided to give it a shot.  The wait was long, the servers were nice, the place was super busy and the patio was beautiful  (Minus the really cheap plastic patio chairs).It was nice to wander the local art galleries during our wait time.Food was decent.  I have no complaints, but I found myself wondering if any of the other patios that we'd past, may have had better more unforgettable foods on the menu.  Oh well.P.S.  I didn't realize they were going to automatically bring tortillas to the table so I made the mistake of ordering chips & salsa.  NOT necessary unless you want to stuff yourself before your meal :)
2	This place is only for cocktails on the patio for the nice local. The menu was nothing but heavy-heavy dishes in the heat of Spring they need to lighten the menu options. I mean really- Rack of Ribs, Steak, Stuffed Chicken and some other options that weren't very good. Don't get me started on the staff!  Our waiter was arrogant and uninformative. If you don't want to be known as a Mexican restaurant maybe you should change the name....last I looked tortilla's were strictly a Mexican dish. So what kind of restaurant is it?  Over priced and living on it's historic name and local. So if you go for drinks, I'm with Noah the house margarita is the best and it packs a kick so be careful!  My friend had the fancier version and didn't like it as well as the house.
4	Best House Margarita in town, hands down. Honestly, I've tried to duplicate their tangy concoction a few times--the waitstaff says it's the standard stuff--I'm convinced they let the lime juice go a little bad to make it tangy. Call me crazy. Doesn't matter how they make it though, cause that shit's fantastic and it keeps me coming back. Can't remember their food too much. I mostly just remember that their vegetarian options are sparse or less-than-exciting.If you've not been to OTTF, make sure to sit outside; you're wasting your time if you end up inside.BTW, I've only dumped ice from the margarita tumbler all over the table once. Woohoo!
2	Yuck.   Great tequilas, food is not worth writing home about.  If you are into sundried tomato butter and flour tortillas, then enjoy.  The food was mediocre at best, not worth the time it took to get there.  Tex Mex, and their specialty are their signature potato flour tortillas.  They claim best in show (Food Network) and if that's the case, then I'd stop watching FN... not even worth appetizers.  HOWEVER, head over to the bar and talk tequila!  They are proud of their selection, and on a quiet nite out, even the most experienced tequila lovers will learn a thing or two.  As for the food, touristy and blech .  Im not a fan of tex mex... better luck next time.  El gusto del buen provecho, definitivamente no fue nuestro!
4	I would not consider this Mexican food but they sure do make a delicious tortilla and a yummy margarita that comes with a shaker to top off your glass throughout your meal.I sat on the patio on a normal 108 degree July evening in Phoenix and even the misters were not strong enough to battle the heat.  My skin kept sticking to the cheap plastic patio furniture when I would try to move.  The ambiance made up for all of that.It took a while for the server to come over and take a drink order but I was given an extra large glass of water as soon as I was seated so at least I stayed hydrated while waiting for my Mrs. Sames Original Margarita.  I ordered the Old Town Tacos w/o shrimp.  Took a while for it to come out and they don't bring out complimentary chips/salsa ($4.99 on the apps menu) so my Margie kept me company.The plate finally came out piled high with steak, chicken, black beans, rice, lettuce, pico de gallo and guacamole.  They also bring out flavored tortillas and butter with the meal which they say is their version of bread and butter - could have used them around the same time an Italian restaurant serves their bread and butter.  Anywho, tonight's flavor was cheddar cheese tortilla with a sour cream and chive butter.  They were really good.  As for the taco plate, the steak was good but too smokey flavored to eat on its own.  It was just right when wrapped up in a tortilla with all the other fixin's.For dessert, I had the banana crisp with blackberry compote.  It was good but nothing to write home about. The cinnamon covered tortilla that the bananas were wrapped in could have been crispier and the blackberry compote did not have enough flavor.  The compote would have also been better if it had been served warm.  The whole thing was just too mushy for me.  The one thing they got right with this dish was the presentation. It was so pretty that I took a picture before I took a bite.One more thing they could improve on - the music.  It was a step up from elevator music.  Not what I want to hear at a dinner table.The end.
2	This place is the perfect example of a tourist trap.  Nice location not far of the main drag of Old Scottsdale, beautiful building and layout.  The margaritas are good, but probably $2-$3 more expensive than they ought to be for every one of the many styles.  I thought paying $5 for chips and salsa was a rip-off, but then when the chips tasted stale, I was even less happy.  C'mon, if you have tortilla and factory in your name, you ought to have fresh chips.  I thought the tortillas themselves were okay, not great, but okay.  The carne fuego, or whatever I had the waitress recommended, was not good.  Small chunks of fire roasted steak completely ruined by a gloppy sweet/hot sauce. The veggies that went with it were just okay and the sweet potato-stuffed chile was weird.  It could've been great, but it was nowhere near good.  Unless your Aunt Hattie who has never had Mexican food is in town from Ohio, i'd skip this place altogether.
5	I can't believe the 3 out of 5 ratings. This place rocks. 4 different meals...all boss. I promise you I have no affiliation to the place.
1	I will skip this place next time I am in the area.  Staff?  Don't get me started!  Everything, including the food is overrated.
3	The good: Margaritas, fresh tortillas, service.The bad: bland, over-priced food.  Don't put a pepper beside a dish on the menu representing a "spicy" dish and then have it be bland of flavor and heat.  I had the pork chili verde and the pork was boiled and tough.  I really did want to like this place more-the ambiance is great and if you just want to meet up with friends for some nachos and drinks, then you will be fine.  But, if you want to go and have a good meal....there are many better choices in the area.
1	Old Town Tortilla Factory's patio and outdoor ambiance is beautifully romantic. On a perfect Arizona evening in the spring or fall, it's an excellent spot to enjoy the comfortable climate. One star awarded. But if you do anything besides sit on the patio, you will be disappointed. Four stars deducted.   Our server took our order after we had been seated for about 10-15 minutes. Then it was like she completely forgot that she had to actually bring us our margaritas and food. Total space cadet. We asked for things, like waters, that never came. Call me crazy, as most people do, but I was also highly irritated by the fact that the chips and salsa here are not complimentary. That's something I expect from a Mexican dining destination. For the top shelf pricing, they could at least throw in a measly chip and salsa bowl on the house. Yeah, their tortillas with cubes of butter are supposed to replace the chips and salsa...... but tortillas and butter? Methinks not. Methinks that I'd much rather have chips and salsa!The food is mild to bland, yet it costs a pretty peso. I ordered the "El Tesoro Del Mar" - a salad (consisting of mostly iceberg lettuce ick), spicy honey chipotle dressing (waaaaay too sugary with too little spice), pico de gallo, corn, black beans, tortilla strips and large gulf shrimp (only 4 shrimp!! and they were hardly large, more like small to medium sized!!). This disappointment of a dish cost about $15. Overrated. I can honestly say I've had a much tastier shrimp salad at Baja Fresh, for half the price and double the shrimp nonetheless. I tired some of the enchiladas that Matt ordered, and they tasted forgettable at best. I've had better enchilada sauce from a store bought can. And then my mother, who was in town visiting for the weekend, ordered the grilled salmon. She was so unimpressed by the meal that she didn't even finish it... and she always finishes her food. It takes a lot of skill to mess up something like a grilled salmon. As far as their margaritas go, they are good but with the $8.50 to $11 price tag I'm just not convinced that they are worth it. I've had better margaritas at places with better menus. I can honestly say that after eating here once, I have ZERO desire to ever go back.
3	The food, service, and atmosphere are great, but for the money you can get better elsewhere.  It is a good "first date" place or anniversary meal place when you want to talk during your meal - nice and quiet.  I'll probably go back but not frequently.Try a Tequila Flight!  Very educational and a nice way to sample several tequilas and not get plastered.They could put just a little pizazz into this place and make it really neat - a "must do" activity.
3	I have been here twice. My first time here was great. I sat outside and the atmosphere was awesome. The service is good and the portions are large. I love the Margheritas and the guac is very tasty.  The old town tacos are amazing. However, the second time I dined here I ate inside and  the atmosphere was dark and crowded. The tables were too small and the space is cramped. I would go back here in the summer when the weather is nice because the experience is completely different when you can sit outside. It was like going to two different restaurants depending on the weather.
1	2 people $70+ for $12.00 worth of food given the quality.  (and $12 is pushing it)The patio is very nice and I think would be both fun and fine for drinks, chips, guacamole, and salsa.  The Salsa is quite good.  If your planning to eat, go elsewhere!However, that's about where it ends from our experience.  Tortilla factory's food didn't rate on par with even some of the taco carts around town (some of which are actually quite good, so it's probably in insult to the carts to compare them with this place).  We ordered the mole ribs.  The mole was not traditional and was very bad; ribs were dried out and cold.  I think maybe they made the mole early in the day, and then held it around.  The taste was sour, burnt, and harsh.  Not the subtle spice and flavor of a good mole.We then went on to have several main dishes.. one of which was the green pork Chile Verde.  The presentation was awful and the dish looked washed out and very bad.   Think Alpo.   The flavors of the sauce as good but, the meat was dry and tough.The other dish we had was a sweet honey steak dish.  The flavor was fair, presentation was decent however.Overall, I'd have to say I felt sorry for the servers and anyone going here thinking that they are getting a taste of local fare.   Sadly, the food is a very poor representation of the city and its diverse southwestern/Mexican culture.This restaurant has such potential due to its location, but, it's time to change out the chef or get a restaurant consultant in and refresh the menu for it ever to be taken seriously for anything but drinks on the patio.   If you want good southwestern fusion fair in old town Scottsdale, try "The Mission" on the other side of Scottsdale road and just a couple blocks south or Barrio Cafe in central Phoenix.
4	Brought a group of 16 people to dinner.  For having a big group they did a good job attending to us. Set us up outside real nice set up with lights and nice weather that evening.  Food was very good, if you like spicy food, this is a good place for it.  Platinum margaritas were delicious, wish the would sell by the pitcher, cause their prices for drinks were a little high.  Margaritas should not be more than $10 dollars for top shelf, unless your seeing 12 oz or more. Nice place for a night out and location gives you options to walk and see art gallery and hit many of the other bars in the area.
5	Oh my gosh..  This restaurant is amazing.  Love the patio and the atmosphere of the restaurant.  The blue corn tortillas are totally yum.  (Mouthwatering just thinking about it.).  They have great margaritas and menu. If you have not been here, go like NOW!!! If you are ever in the Phoenix area, you need to try this place out.It is a casual place with a higher end price (otherwise if you are on a limited budget, this is a special occasion place).
4	I had my rehersal dinner here for my wedding.  I had a lot of people coming in from out of town and staying at the Vally Ho so we chose this place because it was within walking distance.  I must say I was hesitant because I went with my then fiance (now husband) for dinner one night just to check it out and I was not impressed with the food.  However my very large group was so well accomodated, I couldn't have asked for more.  I would hightly recommend getting the hors d'oeurves packages that they offer.  A great price and something for everyone, they can get a plate and munch at bar tops with drinks while talking to everyone.  It was like having a bar with drinks and food just for my wedding party and family.  A truly great experience and I look forward to using this restaurant in the future for any event that requires a great atmosphere with great food and great service, for a large party.
5	My wife and I love this place .. super chill atmosphere and there tortillas ..  Amazing, I highly recommend this place the food is great and the over all vibe is very cool
2	Initially, this place had a solid 5 stars going for it. Waited in the bar for our table and had a drink which was very good.  After a short wait, we were seated in the patio area, which has a relaxing, running water type feel going on. I dug it. We ordered a couple more drinks which came out immediately along with some chips and salsa. I must say that the salsa was incredible. At this point the dining experience was really good, but then the food came out. After taking a couple bites, we both stared at each other with a WTF kind of look on our faces. The texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong. We pushed the plates away, ordered another round and spent the next 30 minutes debating how we thought the meat was cooked.Aesthetically, this place is amazing! The staff was friendly and very helpful and the bar was above average for a restaurant. Unfortunatelly, for Old Town, I go to restaurants to eat, and frankly the food here sucks.
1	Nothing ticks me off more than having to spend a lot of money on food that doesn't taste good. The patio atmosphere was nice, and our waitress was attentive, but the prices were very high and the food was bland at best. Even the salsa was lacking. If you are looking for good Mexican food, don't look here.
2	Mixed feelings about this place.  Good food was a plus for sure and the outdoor patio is very pleasant.  Drinks and food are pricey but thats to be expected but the service really blew.  We were with a large group but man the waitress never even came to my end of the table except for my initial order, I had to get up twice to get service and they never even brought chips and salsa. We were the last table in the place and they practically ignored our table.   Wont be returning with so many choices.
5	Mexican restaurant review numero dos...The Tortilla Factory.How are the ratings on this little gem so low? I loved it. I visited the Tortilla Factory and sat outside on their lovely little romantical patio. The garden-ish area was lit by pretty white lights and the service was perfect. I ordered fish tacos and they were incredible. My +1 ordered the salmon and it was super good as well. Hit this place up, you won't be disappointed.
2	We had a group reservation for The Old Town Tortilla Factory, that was great. The problem was that was about all that was great about the place. The credit card machine in the bar was down for the time we were waiting for our table, chips and salsa was $7 and the food was not really good at all. I had asked our waitress about two items and she suggested the restaurants signature dish Pollo Margarita, stuffed chicken breast with chiptole mashed potato cake and seasonal vegetables. The chicken was extremely dry the stuffing was bland and the mashed potato cake was the same bland and dry. The only thing good to eat was the freshly made tortillas.
2	Great outdoor patio...but that is about it.  Went last night and the highlight of my meal was the cheese on the nacho appetizer.  I tried their signature margarita chicken dish...what a disappointment that was....had no taste and wasn't hot.
5	I don't get all the bad reviews.I popped in for dinner last night. Saturday. 7pmish. Yes, it was busy, and the wait was about 90 mins or so.Our party went over to the bar and promptly sat down. This is where things could have become a bit of an issue. It was a bit of a clusterfuck in there. No servers, one bartender. We had no idea what we were supposed to do.Wait at the table? Go to the bar and place an order?Eventually, we were able to order our food and drinks. We summoned someone to come over and the service ended up being great from there. We received our drinks and appetizer in a flash. We ordered the crab dip. It was tasty, but a little bland. Perhaps it needed salt....but it definitely needed a kick. Make sure to ask for a few hot sauces (cholula at a minimum). Also be sure to ask for chips and salsa. It seems like this is by request only.The crab dip came with just six chips. Kind of sad. Oh well.Like I said though....the speed of service and general attitude whenever we needed refills and whatnot was good. This made up for the potentially disastrous start to the evening.We were eventually seated at our table in the patio. Oh yeah. Don't ever come to this place and sit inside. It's a waste. Trust me....I am usually the kind of guy that prefers sitting inside.The patio is dimly lit, is very romantical. Perfect for a date....if you are brave enough to take a date to a mexican place.Service was no issue from here on out. So if you read all the other reviews and see notes on bad service....you heard it from me. Mr. Elite Yelper. The service was great.While the server took our order, she brought out red pepper tortillas with garlic butter. Nom.I ordered the Carne De Fuego. Tender pieces of steak in a honey chipotle sauce, with peppers, onions. Garnished with a green chile pepper that was stuffed with a mashed sweet potato.The food was VERY good. Everyone seemed to really enjoy their meal. I heard no complaints.Also, our server was pretty friendly. Made good conversation and even took our photo at the end of it all. A great night, with great food, but most importantly....great company. Bring your friends. Bring your lady. Bring your man. Bring someone. It's worth sharing.
5	This place is always worth the wait.  The atmosphere is unique and the food is excellent.  Be patient! On both occasions I've dined here we passed the time with drinks and appetizers at the bar.  If you sit inside for pre-dinner libations, bring a sweater--the a/c is cranked up and it gets quite chilly.  After finding a table at the bar we had to wait for our [nonexistent] waitress to come take our drink orders...but the Tortilla Factory redeemed themselves.  Our drinks came out in record time, as did our crab dip.  I wasn't impressed with this dish--definitely not what I was expecting crab dip to be.  Definitely ask for extra chips and salsa (and some hot sauce...the salsa isn't spicy at all).   The waitress later came by to apologize; the poor girl was running around servicing over 15 tables by herself!  The 90 minutes quickly passed and we were soon seated on the expansive patio.  It's so intimate and the service is friendly and prompt.  I had the shrimp salad.  The prawns were huge and tender--charred to perfection.  The greens were crisp and plentiful.  The cilantro dressing was AMAZING.  Just the right amount of food. This is one of my favorite restaurants in town because of the unique touches: fresh, house-made tortillas with garlic butter...candlelit dining...a fountain with blazing fire...delicious food...AND unpretentious people!  Definitely a world of its own. If you're in Scottsdale, you MUST visit this restaurant!
4	I am so not a tequila person.  (Long story involving training police officers, shots of Hornitos and throwing up on a room mate).  Point being, even margaritas can be painful for me.  Although I make an exception for this place.  I don't go often (again because of the Tequila issue) but when I do go I go all out.  The food is good, more Richardson's style than say Garcia's mexican style.  The margaritas are huge.  $10.00 for two good pours.  A fun place to go with friends and sit and catch up.  There is generally a long(ish) wait but well worth it.  It's even worth braving the tequila monster.
2	Not overly impressed.......  It was a large group which I know presents some problems, but the server was not attentive (maybe because he know there would be a Forced 18% tip??). The food was OK, the drinks were OK, although a little on the expensive side. You have to BUY Chips, but thier so-so tortilla's are free.....  Checks showed up severl in a folio, but nothing was said, leading to some confusion. Then the server was indignat about it.  Not sure I would go back, which is a shame as the atmosphere was good..........
1	Horrible, Horrible, Horrible!!!!Customer Service was AWEFUL, on a scale of 1-5 food was 1, drinks were ok, the only good thing was the atmosphere, which is NOT going to change my mind about going back there, I've had much much better fish tacos @ Rubio's & Baja Fresh for fraction of the price & didn't have to go to dinner somewhere else after leaving, which we had to do after leaving Tortilla Factory!There are Plenty of Great places in Scottsdale with Great food, Great service, Great drinks & Great atmosphere.We even tried talking to the manager but he got all Upset & tried to make us feel like we were lucky to be there & didn't know what we were talking about.So if you want, BAD Service, Over Priced & Tasteless food & like to waste your money this is the place for you!
1	This place did not impress me at all. The food was mediocre at best and expensive, service was horrible, much better food at Taco Bell. The waiter was nowhere to be found most of the evening, when he brought the checks they were doubled up in the Folios with no explanation. When the waiter returned the checks for credit card signatures he dropped them in a big pile and left. We approached the Manager to discuss the service, he was very indignant and made us feel as if they were doing us a favor by allowing us to visit their establishment. Definitely would not recommend this restaurant unless you value poor service, high prices and mediocre food. I will definitely never eat at this restaurant ever again.
3	We have dined at the Old Town Tortilla Factory several times over the years and as recently as two weeks ago.  The outdoor seating area is very nice, there is a roomy bar and fairly large indoor restaurant (I agree with Sarah K., bring a sweater).  The Chorizo Fundido is delicious!!  They serve it with a large bowl of chips.  I always ask for a side of soft corn tortillas too, they are a nice change from the chips. The Plato Appertivo is gigantic, you could feed four people with this thing.  The nachos, ribs and quesadillas were all fantastic.  There is a generous scoop of their great guacamole on top and a bowl of salsa on the side.  You might want to ask for the chipotle sour cream on the side rather than on the quesadillas - it has a great smoky taste but can dominate easily so I prefer to regulate the portion.The enchiladas and soft tacos are very good.  Their flour tortillas are great (when they bring them).Margaritas were excellent and generous for the price.Service can be spotty.  If you're in a rush or are frustrated by slow service to the point it impacts your food enjoyment, this place may not be your cup of tea.  I enjoy the food/drinks so I go when I know I have the time to be patient.  Test it out during a leisurely happy hour and see what you think.
4	We went here last night after more highly rated Yelp places nearby were completely empty.  It was a slow night for dining out although the weather was fantastic.  We saw this place and loved the outdoor seating.   Service was terrific.  Our waitress was very honest about the menu and what she liked and didn't like. When I asked her opinion about an appetizer, she said not to get it but to have chips and salsa instead.As for the meal, I took her feedback and ordered the grilled mahi mahi tacos. They were small but I am not a big portion eater.  Probably better as an appetizer for most people. They were FANTASTIC.  Best fish tacos I've had in a long time. Loved it was a small size and I sometimes hate eating at Mexican restaurants with huge portions.Chicken Margarita was also great which was a waitress pick.  Red enchiladas had a lot of sauce (almost mole) and were just okay.  That person in the group wished she listened to the waitress.Margaritas were all tasty, too.  We all will return when we are back in Scottsdale!
1	Wow, just wow. I'm sitting here with the worst tummy ache from eating at Tortilla Factory last night. I really wanted to love this place but the only thing to love is the patio and the sweet, albeit late servers. My friend D's veggie quesadila came...it was microwaveably uninteresting. My steak dish -Carne Del Fuego I think, never came, and when I asked to cancel it, it was brought out and unfortunately prob the worst concoction of flavours I ever tasted. It was as if someone chewed some meat up in their mouth, spit it out on my plate and covered it in warm honey mustard. It was reminiscent of spaghettio's. Sorry Tortilla Factory, I really am...and if I didn't have such a headache I might wax more poetic about the atmosphere. Bottom line, order some wine and soak in the beautiful patio. That's at least worth a few stars.
4	Great service got there when they opened and hardly anyone was there. Our server mike was really nice. Tried the margarita chicken and  I loved it. Tequila lime sauce was to die for. And the quesadillia was huuuuuge! Its a little pricey but hello your in scottsdale!
1	Wow. All I can say is wow. I have lived in Scottsdale for a looooooong time and usually when I dislike a place, it's for something like customer service, or overcooking my $35 steak, or a hair in my corn chowder, but this, this was an EXPERIENCE. My best buddy moved back from San Diego this past year and it was her birthday. She loves Mexican food and I had heard about the "great patio" and "delicious margaritas" this place had. It is also next to one of my favorite hotels, the Valley Ho. Well, everything I heard about this place IS true. The margaritas WERE good (better be at over $9 a pop) and the patio is breathtakingly lovely. But OH MY GOD... the food is INEDIBLE, and when I mean INEDIBLE, I mean I swing by McDonald's on the way home for chicken nuggets. THAT inedible. The salsa was so weak I had to ask for hot sauce to basically make it go from tomato paste to some flavor. We ordered a crab dip, and it was just chunks of crab (which I was fairly confident was imitation, but mind you, I was sucking down as many margaritas as I could to mask the horrendous meal I was consuming) and avocados. I didn't even understand it. I ordered mole ribs, and the were inedible. I took two bites, and threw it away when I got to a dumpster. Normally, if it was me just dining alone, or with my fiancee, I would have wigged out, but it was a birthday, for my friend, and in all honesty, our server was top notch. She was so sweet, attentive, and wonderful, and took all of our pictures, and helped us cut the cake and everything. I would have felt bad complaining, ruining a birthday, and frankly, what would I complain about? "Your food tastes flavorless"? "I have had better Mexican food at Del Taco"? I am at a loss at how this place is still in business. It was SLAMMED when we were there. Please, if you want Mexican food in south Scottsdale, go to the Mission. I am embarrassed to say I did not check out what my fellow yelpers would have said about this place, cause I would have steered clear! Dear Tortilla Factory, go to Mexico for a while and learn what a taco tastes like, heck, just save yourself the trip and go to Taco Bell.
2	We live in Litchfield Park, but took the trip to Scottsdale based on this place's reputation. The building and decor are super nice in a throwback Spanish mission sort of way. The separate "tequilleria" and patio are attention getting. since it was 119 degrees, we sat inside. That is where the fun ended. We ordered chips and salsa for $5. No big deal, but where else do you pay for that in any sit down joints anymore? They do bring out fresh tortillas, gratis, but we didn't know that and it's not mentioned on the menu.The menu is pretty limited and oh so pricey. $15.00 for two a la cart tacos. Holey Moley, they better be stuffed with caviar. There is no taco on the planet worth $7.50 (maybe worth $7 :-)) and I have had some great tacos. These are not those tacos.The fish tacos were under seasoned portions of Mahi Mahi. The fish itself was not seasoned at all and actually had a fishy taste. Not pleasant. It was served with radishes rather than coleslaw which was interesting and the crema which was tasty. But as a whole, it was bland and underwhelming even after adding the accompanying sauce.We also had the bacon wrapped spicy meatloaf on garlic mashed potatoes. Served with a zippy red pepper sauce and tree trunk sized asparagus. The sauce was very tasty, the meatloaf was tender and not  dry. There was something so rich in the meatloaf itself, that after 3/4 of one slice, I couldn't eat anymore of it. It just began to turn my stomach. The potatoes were cooked really well and had some nice flavor, but needed salt. That was funny, because there was no salt on the table. The asparagus was well cooked and still had some snap, but like the potatoes, it was under seasoned.We ordered the banana stuffed fried tortilla in blackberry reduction and were disappointed there too. The tortillas were overstuffed with banana, so that you couldn't enjoy the crunchy texture of the cinnamon crusted tortilla. It just became mush. The reduction was not "reduced" and was runny, but tasty. For three of us, the tab totaled over $85 before tip. That included 2 bud lights, which WERE cold and refreshing. All said, the environment is far more interesting than the food. The place's reputation is undeserved at half the price!
4	If you are in the mood for classic Mexican, this isn't the place for you.  I went in hoping for a yummy enchilada and a few strong margaritas.  I came out with a taste of delicious fresh tex-mex, well made drinks, and a GREAT dining experience.Granted, I went to Tortilla factory early in the evening before they were busy.  The waiter spent ten minutes chatting with us, educating us on the menu, drinks, and cuisine.  His recommendations and interactions are what made the experience above and beyond.My recommendation is to jump right into the traditional "entree" cuisine, even if you are in more of a greasy enchilada sort of mood.  Ask the waiter for his or her recommendations,  (I loved the pork), and even if it's hot, sit outside.  The ambience is well worth it.
2	I've got to add to the chorus of one and two-star reviews for this place. Another Scottsdale establishment that's faaaaar too pricey and waaaay too full of itself to justify the median price of $11 for margaritas (mine was served in a small, 10 oz. glass, and was mediocre. And don't even get me started on the food menu - which I gladly passed on, though I could have eaten). The atmosphere in the daytime is blah to average at best, with a gaggle of servers all congregating and giggling amongst themselves too busily to distract for something called..."service". And, servers? Listen up...never, ever address your valued customers as "buddy," or 'bud". It's plain condescending. That's "sir", or the name on my gold card. And your server's salary is much too jeopardized to be smirking your way through your Tom Cruise in Cocktail trying-to-impress-the-girls-not-the-customers fantasy...okay, bud? That's why you got a 12% tip tonight. Oooooh, I know it hurts, but you need to shape up and read a book called "Customer Service for Beginners", grow up and step into the real world, bud.Alternative to night out at Douche Factory: grab some Fresh and Easy tortilla chips and awesome restaurant-style salsa, a sixer of Corona, some fajita fixins and a friend, and settle in for an actually ENJOYABLE evening - all for about a fifth of the cost (or less) of this sorry-ass place.
3	To put it straight, our server was awkward. We were a group of four chicks, so I'm not sure if he was nervous or what... but there was some definite strangeness going on.The crab dip is pretty bomb if you like big chunks of avocado... Which I do... Mmmmm.. Also had the green Chile enchilada is super delish. Supposedly it's a spicy dish but I'm super anti-spice and I didn't notice it.The super awesome bigass patio is pretty cool, especially with all the romantic lighting. This COULD potentially be an excellent spot to just chill and have a drink with your buds, but we were surprised to be told at 10pm that it was time to close down shop. :P
2	Atmosphere is great. Service was good. The food left much to be desired. The margarita chicken was dry and had little flavor. The ribs were worse. The texture was strange and they were tasteless. I was really disappointed since the atmosphere is so neat.
5	Yum I love the food! The building is nice, its a little expensive, but I went with my sister who knew exactly what to order. We split an appetizer, entree, and both had great margaritas! If there's a huge wait, go early to miss the rush.I can't wait to go back !
2	Well,My wife got a deal on Deal Chicken for an app, 2 entrees, and 4 margaritas, and dessert for $44 (supposed value $110). I thought is was a great deal, but there were some problems with the food and ambiance. The food was bland across the board. the app we got with the deal was chorizo fundido (not much flavor) and the chips/salsa need some work. The salsa tasted like tomato puree from a can, and my entree (Pollo Margarita) had a great presentation, but the meat was dry and the "Chipotle" mash potatoes tasted like paste. My wife (Vegetarian) opted for the Penne con Pollo (without the chicken). The dish describes veggies in the pasta, but little was seen. The drinks were ok, but tasted like Sprite was added to the margaritas. We had enough of the food and got the cake to go, which actually was the best part we ate the next day.It was 100 degrees that night, and we ate inside....SUFFER and eat outside...the ambiance is much better (fountain and lights) than inside (dim and plain). The service was great (the reason for 2 stars)!!!! But too bad the food/drinks couldn't match :(.I felt the experience wasn't worth the $44, and could've got better tex/mex at a hole in the wall place somewhere else in Scottsdale.Look at the magazine covers they have framed, about "how good the Tortilla Factory is"...they're all from 2002-2006...TIME TO UPDATE TORTILLA FACTORY!
4	Our stop was a spontaneous drive by, the place was packed...so we decided to stop in because my sister was in desperate need of her spicy Mexican fix.  The service by Trent was fabulous! My sister offered to marry him for the fish tacos and his extra attention to the side of cabbage.  The  house salsa was incredible, and the banana crisp with raspberries was incredible! Worth the extra 30minutes on a treadmill afterword.  We both had the house chips and salsa w gauc, the fish tacos with sauces to which we had the added shredded cabbage, and we split the banana crisp.  Thank you for a great evening Trent!     - from Ohio
2	The courtyard patio is nice... They should stick with that and change everything else. I called to make a reservation that day for two and was told they weren't taking reservations because rain was in the forecast for that night. We arrived after about 5 minutes of rain to find that they had a party of 90 that was outside that they were trying to accommodate inside. The hostess was rude and said they were trying to figure out what to do with all the people outside that had to be brought inside due to the rain and it could be up to 2 hours until we're sat. Ok. A party of 90 would have been booked well in advance. They knew there was a chance of rain and may need to accommodate them inside prior to the rain falling, that's why they weren't taking reservations, right? We asked if we could eat at the bar and were told yes, only to go to the bar and be told "no because it suddenly got slammed in the bar." So we went back and put our name in because we saw plenty of dry tables throughout the dining areas and sat at the bar and had drinks. The bartender was friendly but we heard all the servers complaining and it was just a bad vibe all around. Thank god I was with good company here. I bought a 3 course meal for 2 on DealChicken that was going to expire and me lose my money or else we would have gone any place else. The margaritas were good. The appetizer, chorizo fundido, was good. We were done with those when it slowed down enough that the bartender said we could stay there and eat and our table was ready. We sat down at our table for a couple minutes without seeing a server and decided to go back to the bar to finish our food. The servers were confused about who was going to get our table, so it would have been a long time before we could have ordered our entrees if we didn't go back to the bar. My friend ordered tacos, which she had one and took the rest home since she was full on the appetizer and so much time passed between courses. I ordered the pollo margarita which was a little dry, but good. The potato thing was nasty. The chocolate cake we took to go and ate the next day was good. There's hundreds of restaurants in Old Town and this does not compete against any of them. If you want terrible food and service and a great patio, this is the place. If you go just a couple blocks northeast, you'll find great Mexican food, good service, and a great patio at a different restaurant. There's plenty of competition and this place must get by on a reputation from years ago, because it sucks now.
4	Beautiful day for outdoor dining.  We were early for dinner - they were not yet busy. Our service and food were good and we will return on our next visit to the Phoenix area.
4	I cannot believe this place has such bad reviews! There are so many good things about this place! My co-worker suggested that I go here when traveling to Scottsdale for work. He really insisted. Then my other co-worker seperately decided to take me here because "it is the best Mexican food ever". He even claimed it is better than San Diego's Mexican, which I cannot agree with ;)So, we went before I checked Yelp.... The patio is GORGEOUS. I took pictures, it was like a fairy tale land. The waitress was on top of it! Everything she suggested was awesome. We got the margarita that she said was the least sweet and oooh let me tell you, it was Uh-Mazing! She suggested the queso dip and that was another winner with nice big pieces of bean and tomato. I had the chicken enchiladas with green sauce. if you like enchiladas GO FOR IT!!! So Good.One thing I will say is that it is a little pricey. Work was paying for it but I definitely wouldn't have gone all out like we did if I had to pay, call me cheap... whatever... hatas gonna hate!And the dessert was... eh... ok. the deep fried banana... wish I woulda got the flan or cheesecake.
4	This place was fabulous.  It was an hour and a half wait but in the meantime we tasted delicious Tequilas and they let us keep the super cool bottle!  Had the amazing stuffed quesadilla for an appetizer (I mean seriously delish).  Then we headed inside for our main meal.  The cheese tortillas with chive sour cream were delish as well! When it came down to the main meal I was way too adventurous for a tex-mex place and ordered the Mexican meat loaf.... eh.  I am sure some would love this but it was definitely smothered with too much chipotle gravy, and the asparagus was, well..... limp.  No worries though, the service was fabulous for the most part, although a little slow to get our bill out to us but that's fine.   The place is really fun with a cool vibe and totally worth the semi-expensive cost.  I would recommend it to anyone!
4	Awesome place with a very cool ambiance.   Great bar area with a HUGE selection!  They have a very large patio seating area, but it was drizzling when I visited so wound up waiting a half hour to get seated. It's probably wise to make a reservation for this place.The food was great.  We had stuffed quesadillas for appetizers that were absolutely delicious!  The complimentary cheese tortillas when we were seated were also quite the treat!  I had the Fish Tacos, which were also fantastic.  It was a bit expensive, but it was worth it.  Highly recommended.
3	I expected tacos, tacos and more tacos..  What I ordered didn't even come with beans.  the tortilla du jour was spicy, and not amazing. However the food was pretty good.  One of our entrees was pasta, and it  was very good.  My Something Fuego, had far too many green peppers, and nothing to do with a taco.  Ok, I could have spent a lot more time reading the menu.  What I read was on Yelp, and I didn't get it.  Margarita was VERY good... at one of the lower priced drinks.  No meals in the bar
2	so this is 2 star reviewed for the second time in a row. we had a former arizonan in town for the week and she really wanted to go to the Old Town Tortilla Factory so we headed there after a hike up Piestewa.i can't figure out why my first experience here was so good, but so bad since then. tonight, our service was well below mediocre. we had to wait, and wait, and wait for everything....menu's, the tortilla's, our food, our drinks, our water, the check, etc. my wife's salad had cold, overcooked shrimp. our other dinner guest ate only half his carne dish. he even commented that while the margarita's were good, if they put any alcohol in them. i love the patio here. i think it's so charming. but 2 times in a row of sub par service and lackluster food pretty much does it for me.
2	We've been here many, many times. Mostly for the same reasons everyone goes here: the gorgeous patio, the margaritas, and the warm homemade tortillas. That being said, when we were here last night and my husband "checked in" he was surprised to see only two stars. So we discussed and realized that what really kills this place every time is the service. Which is unfortunate, because they usually have a good product. Until last night the food has been pretty good, not spectacular but again we go for the 3 reasons mentioned above. Last night though, I think I'd had it. We had our trifecta but it simply wasn't enough. The service was awful and my meal was served cold and tasted like it had been sitting around for 30 min. Which is probably the case because it took a rather long time to come out. I ordered the tesoro del mar which is basically a salad with jumbo shrimp. I've gotten it many times and the flavors are usually good. Last night the shrimp was stone cold and hard--I had trouble cutting it with my knife. Our server was MIA most of the evening, and when she did show up it was to try to get us to order more drinks after we told her we had our fill at the bar waiting for our table. We had to request the tortillas because she didn't automatically bring them out, she was delayed with our check and with taking our bill after I was clearly fed up and wanted to leave. I think I'm done. After I work all day, going out to eat is a treat. Going here again is not worth my hard-earned money or my aggravation.
3	I would say that "meh" accurately describes my experience here. Came here a few weeks ago for the first time and was seated with a large group on the patio. The patio is fantastic and their drinks (treasure margarita) hit the spot. We started with the chicken quesadillas which I think were overthought in execution and didn't enjoy too much. Munched on the chips and salsa for a bit. I decided on the margerita chicken which was not what anyone who ordered it expected. The "stuffed chicken breast" is actually 4-5 pieces of chicken that are stuffed/rolled. In any event, it wasn't AMAZING, and the people who got the pork and salmon off of the menu seemed much more pleased then the chicken diners. I'll definitely come back and give this place a second shot
4	I loved living in Scottsale because of the warm weather and sitting outside! Tortilla Factory has a HUGE patioI don't really understand all the bad reviews aside from the service being really slow. Slow service and bad service are not the same. We had to send our queso back because it tasted really watery and the server didn't give us dirty looks about it or anything. The margaritas are delicious (could probably use a little more tequilla..but i like to taste the alcohol), and the tortilla's they give you are really good too. The chicken entree I ordered was also very tasty.Would probably come more for the ambiance than the food but it def does NOT deserve 2 stars.
1	At first we thought we were lucky to get in on a Friday night after 6. In retrospect it's understandable to see why they weren't busy and we got right in. This was to be a reunion dinner for my Mom (83 yo) and my brother and sister and law visiting from CA, and my wife - and it was my decision to go here. What a mistake. The reception was impersonal and she tried to put us in a dark corner inside. I pointed out two tables by the fireplace and was told that those table were for parties of eight and we were only five. Except for one other couple - we were the only ones in the room! Wife and I went to the two tables - put them together and we sat down. OK - fast facts - I was told no beer on draft only bottles - so I ordered DXX amber - a bottle of DXX (no amber) arrived with lime sticking out of top. No glass at these prices? Wife had Margarita (rocks no salt) - came with salt and tiny glass with refill. Tasted like crap so she switched to Cabernet. So much for the beginning of Mexican food experience. My Pork Chili Verde was tough with gristle running through it. Tasted boiled and sauce ladled over it. Pure garbage. I returned it and ordered the chicken pasta. More garbage. Cold, no flavor, runny cheese sauce and hardly any chicken. My Mom had the same dish and ate without complaint - I was embarrassed for her - she was just happy to be with the kids.Wife had fish tacos. Terrible - no flavor, cold. I didn't find out until this morning that she hated them. The tortillas they brag about were cold and tasteless. The chips were stale. The guacamole dip was OK if you like only mashed avocado - I've had better at Taco Bell.Our server was attentive and did the best she could - she took over after the first gal that took drink orders then disappeared. No complaints with her service but reception and the first server were inattentive and poorly trained. Funny, even after the returned food - we never heard from the manager or anyone. This place is horrible - go somewhere else. I'll never return.I don't understand the 4 star ratings unless management has insiders writing glowing reports.
1	This is the first time I've written a Yelp review, but my experience at this place was so bad it had to be done!! First of all we for at least 15 minutes before our waitress came over to take a drink order. Our drinks slowlly trickled to the table one at a time, and were a combination of wrong and bad. Dinner w.as amazingly uninteresting. I had a caesar salad with grilled chicken - I know, it's a Mexican restaurant and I should have ordered Mexican food - but still I expected a nice, freshly grilled chicken breast on a nice salad. Instead I got a salad with virtually no dressing, covered with cold, pastey chicken. I tasted a few of my friends' dishes and didn't think it was a whole lot better. At the end of the meal, the famous fresh tortillas, which were supposed to be an appetizer, arrived at the table.If you want a nice dinner with good service, look somewhere else!
4	Really great service.  For some reason our server was held up and she gave us a free appetizer.  Drinks were very good and the meal was huge.  I hadn't had a lot to eat during the day and when I got my dinner, I managed to polish it off.  The atmosphere was really good.
3	Nice patio and large enough for a crowd.  X-mas lights and the water fountain reminds me of the Friends opening credit - Yes, I'll be there for you!Came here with my gang and it was buffet style but regardless I must rate the place. We had a nice baby green salad with some balsamic vinaigrette, but things went downhill from here fast. Let's start with the pork; Cough! Cough! (Pound the chest!).  Someone pass me some water cause as much as I chewed it didn't go down - It was so dry it soaked up my saliva! Atop of it were some chili flakes so that didn't help much. The stuffed chicken came with a nice creamy sauce, but I don't recall what it tasted like.  The pork overwhelmed me and to add insult to injury don't serve mashed potatoes to dry out my tongue more!Regardless, a friend of mine made a great point; we are served what we did not order.  Saved!  Therefore, I shall return on another visit to give my full report so stay tuned!
1	You know how your wife or girlfriend is always whining about how you never listen to them? This of course as a shoe comes whistling past your cranium.Well The Tortilla Factory must have the same listening skills....their management never listens either.You would think that after 111 reviews, someone over there would recognize there's a problem with the service. Nope.This would lead one to conclude no-one in management knows about Yelp, or, and I suspect this is more the case, they can't read,Prior to writing this, I read some of those 111 reviews in an effort to see how my experience last night paired-up.Uncannily, it was true to form, explaining why this place gets two and a half stars.Service was bad with waiters only stopping by to sell more drinks.Had to ask for the tortillas twice before ever seeing them..appx 20 minutes waiting on the free tortillas.Hey TF, do I need to remind you of your namesake???And the prices for the amazingly tasteless food will stupefy you. (I sampled everyone's food in our party of eight) Old Town Tortilla Factory...you're really one sneaky bastard.Laying in wait....for all the unsuspecting Scottsdale visitors looking for the 'Mexican Food' experience, and instead ambushing them with your bad service, high prices and tasteless garbage you call food.But you do have some nice attributes, which is why, similar to my situation of never listening, I still have a wife.Only I'm not sure how a fountain, large patio and a cutesy margarita cup are going to keep you in business.Oh well, who cares...right?There'll be another plane full of visitors headed your way tomorrow. Are you related to Rustlers Roost by any chance? You both have so much in common.
3	Food = GreatAtmosphere = GreatService = So SoWe were told we had an hour wait and went to the bar for drinks and appetizers. Waited 15 minutes to get acknowledged. We finally got to order (had to pay for chips & salsa?!?) and just got our drinks when our table was suddenly ready, which was a nice surprise.  Once seated we had pretty decent service and the food was great.  Wouldn't recommend during Spring Training season or on a busy night but would on a slower night.
2	We were walking around Old Scottsdale, trying to settle on a place to get a relatively quick bite.  When our first choices were further away than anticipated, we opted for Old Tortilla Factory, thinking from the description that it might be a tad kitschy.  When we saw the patio, we thought, "not too bad" and decided to stay.Unlike the other reviewers, our server was friendly and helpful and attentive to our requests.  I was not, however, terribly impressed by the food, even those famous tortillas. We started with the queso fundido, which was very watery, and not nearly as flavorful as I'd expect.  This was served along side some red pepper tortillas with jalapeno butter.  The butter was good.  The tortillas were ok, a little on the dense/doughy side for my liking.  Admittedly, I prefer corn, so I was biased from the start, but they tasted just like any other flour tortillas I could find at a supermarket.For the mains, we got the chicken calabacitas and the pork chile verdes.  The sauce on the chicken was the highlight of my meal - creamy, garlicky, full of flavor.  The chicken underneath was moist, and the accompanying relish was quite tasty.  The pork chile verdes was disappointing.  The pork was dry, the sauce was watery, the potatoes undercooked.  Definitely not worth it.The drinks were good.  The patio atmosphere was relaxing.  But the food wasn't worth the cost.
4	We went to Tortilla Factory on Tuesday, which you would think it would be dead right? WRONG? It was packed! We were told March (because of spring training) is one of their busiest months. This is my first time there!Our family arrived before my husband and I  (a little before our reservation at 645PM) and they waited about 5 or 10 mins and were sat. When we got there, they were already sat. Trying to get a parking spot is a joke and they do not have valet. We drove around for about 10 minutes until we found a spot, finally in a dark unlit area. That is my main complaint. Their parking lot is soooo tiny, for how large the restaurant is, I was surprised. We were greeted by a young smiling girl (who knew right where our other 4 ppl were at) and brought us to our table outside on the NON smoking patio. That is a huge plus for me. So many spots in AZ. are now allowing smoking on their patios during dinner! YUCK! I dont want to smell someones nasty cigarette OR cigar while eating. I think they might have another patio that is smoking, but not sure (The sign said MAIN patio is non smoking). Now for service. Keely was a our waitress who was great. She was friendly and quick at her job. She was slammed and still made us have a good dinner.My father in law ordered the large sampler thing with nachos, quesidillas and ribs on it. It was decent. The ribs were kind of bland. I didnt try the quesidillas, because I heard they were really spicy. The nachos were underneath everything on the bottom, those were decent. I wasnt too impressed with any of it. I ordered the chips and salsa and it was awesome. I liked it, because it was not spicy and I could eat it, but had great flavor as well. The guys ordered beers and us ladies had non-alcoholic beverages so not sure how their Margs are, but as I could see many people ordered them, so they must be good. Their bar has a million diff. bottles of tequila lined up, so if you are in the mood for tequila, you can prob get anything you want. We all ordered the same thing pretty much, two of us got red enchiladas pretty good. Nothing too special, but good. 3 got Build your own tacos, you get shrimp, chicken and steak.. A little weird because you have to pay extra for cheese and sour cream, you get guacamole, lettuce and pico. Dont ALL tacos come with cheese? lol Seemed weird. They all liked it tho. Lots of food that is for sure. The last person got a shrimp salad and she liked it. Almost all the way done with the meal my mother in law said they usually give flavored tortillas as a starter. She asked if they had any? Keely brought out Cilantro maybe? they were bland and had no flavor. I was full anyways, but I wanted to try it. For a company that has the word TORTILLA in their name you would think it would be amazing ya know? It was my father in laws bday so we got some deserts. I was so stuffed didnt even eat half my dinner. I did try some of the cheesecake we ordered it was regular with raspberry drizzle. AMAZING. They also got a piece of choc cake, they said it was great! It looked like it could serve a part y of 10. It was HUGE! All in all, I would give the food a 3 out of 5 stars. BUT Keely was such a great server I had to up it to 4. Keely did tell us that the weekends are crazy busy and there usually is a longer wait, so for people that had a long wait I would advise to go back in during the week. The patio also had a fountain and heaters. It was so nice out there, I could have just sat outside for hours.
4	I really loved this place! Don't know what the reviews are bad because i had a great experience. We started with the chips and guac and there was a ton of guac and it was so delicious. I had the tacos which were awesome and lots of flavor and also huge portions. My friend and I both had margaritas and loved them as well! Only issue is the wait is ridiculous and they don't take reservations...
1	This place should now be called Old Town Tourist Trap. Brought out-of-town family (seven of us) here for what we thought was going to be a nice dinner out on the patio. Ha!Here's a summary of the evening (a Wednesday night no less!). The crowd was mostly Spring Training (baseball) fans and it was fairly busy. We had a 7 pm reservation. Table ready when we arrived. (this is the only star they get!).The margaritas were watered down - basically glorified juice boxes. And this place is suppose to be famous for their margaritas? Dining Area: Too many tables crammed together, including a wait-station (extra plates, silverware, cleaning rags, napkins, pitchers of tea and etc) in the middle of the dining area. Nasty. And to top it off way too many backwaters and cleaning staff - can't tell you how many times they bumped into our chairs walking by with their buckets of dirty dishes. Management needs to streamline and reduce the number of employees on the floor. Bathrooms a mess - water all over the floor and trash overflowing.Decor and Ambiance: Christmas lights wrapped around a dead tree that should have been removed years ago and replaced with a live tree. Leftover over Christmas ornaments are still left on the other trees. Really? In late March?!? Tables covered with vinyl. Sticky brown vinyl. Wait staff attire and look is sloppy and disheveled. We ordered appetizers - nothing special. Tortillas came with butter that was practically frozen. Nephew practically ate a whole basket of tortilla chips! Why? Because we waited for an hour (we watched four tables come after us and finish their dinners - two had already left) ...for our dinner to come. Our waitress, Samantha, was practically non-existent and spent the better part of the evening hitting on the three guys at the next table.  She should have spent the time yelling at the cooks to get our dinners out and sending the manager to us to apologize. (Side note: the table next to us (the three guys) got their dinner within 15 minutes of sitting down! Their food arrived right after ours did.)After an hour, the food arrived - mine and my nephew's enchilada's were luke warm. I wanted to walk out at that point, but partner did not want to make a scene in front of the kids.Not once did Samantha apologize for the el crappo service nor did she bring the manager over to apologize and maybe comp the dinner or drinks.Bottom Line: Won't be coming here again. And I highly recommend both the locals and tourists to avoid this place.
4	Great place to eat outdoors.  They have tons of flavors of tortillas and give you some of their freshly made tortillas of the day with some sort of buttery spread complimentary before your meal.The House Margarita is pretty excellent and you can refill your glass with the shaker they leave at your table.  Almost 2 glasses worth.The outdoor area is filled with plants and trees and twinkling lights.  If you're in the mood for outdoor dining, this is a great option!
3	A busy spot in Scottsdale, lots of tourists, spring training baseball fans. We had a great waitess, Jessica, which made our dining much better than others. Noticed slow service by other waiters. Food was ok, ate in the bar, beer was served warm, had to ask for ice. Probably will pass on this place for second visit.
2	You would expect a place called Old Tortilla Factory to deliver the best tortilla...as yelp would say on a 2-star, "Meh, I have experienced better."  The chips that we got made from the tortilla was cold to start off with.  They gave us a tortilla separately with a cheese butter.  That was pretty decent, but when it came to my red enchiladas, I was not very pleased.  The red sauce on the red enchilada sauce tasted like very bitter vinegar.  I have tried enchiladas from many establishments throughout my life, and this has to be THE WORST.  What saves this from a 1-star performance was pretty decent margaritas.  I may have to come back here to try something else, but it may be a very long time.
1	The drinks were too weak, what is advertised as hot is not. We had the Shrimp Diablo which was bland (as were the home made tortilla). We were one drink and out..
4	Seriously 5 stars for ambiance! This place is very original since it was an old house turned into a restaurant. The garage is actually the bar, but it does not have a garage feeling or look. Had "quite a few" of the Horny Margaritas and they were delish! Fresh squeezed citrus juice with sugar water they actually make. They know how I do margaritas! Had the fish tacos, simple, but so fresh and tasty. The prices are on the higher end, but it shows in the quality of food, location and decor/ambiance, etc. The service was decent, nothing spectacular, but certainly not bad either. Never felt rushed, very relaxing and enjoyable! Great spot to have a nice fresh meal, few adult beverages and excellent conversation!
4	It may be 100-plus degrees outside, but that isn't going to stop me from sitting on one of the prettiest patios in the Valley for dinner. I went to Old Town Tortilla Factory in Old Town Scottsdale, which combines two of my favorite dining elements-a classy atmosphere with tasty Sonoran-influenced food (the menu also has Native American influences, too).The restaurant is known for its gorgeous outdoor seating, with candlelit tables and twinkly lights decorating pecan trees throughout the patio. It also has a really cool outdoor bar, which serves excellent margaritas-I had a Blue Agave Margarita ($8.50), with Blue Curaco-it was really sweet, which I liked.I had been there once previously with a big group, and while everything went smoothly then, things this time were a little rougher. Our server, who was busy with several other tables,  didn't write down our order, and the chips and salsa ($4.99) we ordered came after our salads, only after we asked our server what was up.I got a Tequila Lime Salad ($4.50), which was amazing and would be a great meal in itself (there's also a dinner portion for $8.99). The leafy greens were topped with refreshing pico de gallo and covered in a tequila lime dressing that had the perfect amount of tart to it. It was so good!I also really liked the yummy handmade tortillas that were delivered to every table, which were accompanied by a really scrumptious butter. I could have had a meal of that alone!For my entree, I ordered the Green Enchilada, with cheese and tomatillo sauce ($13.99). Even though I specified I didn't want chicken in it, the enchiladas came with chicken in them, and I didn't have time to eat a new order, which I had to take home. It's just a reminder that no matter how uncool it may look, servers should write down orders to get everything out right. Having disappointing service sort of made the beautiful surroundings a little less appealing, but I would probably still go back because the food, when it comes out correctly, is so delicious.
4	I'm a little shocked at some of the poor reviews of this place. I've gone twice with the first time being my boyfriend's birthday dinner and the second just a dinner out with friends. I would agree that the service here isn't stellar but nothing horrible enough to write/complain about on a review. Pro's: Great patio and indoor atmosphere, great tortillas (I've had the cheddar cheese and red pepper), good foodCon's: Weak margaritas (for the price), limited indoor seating and limited menuOverall, I had a nice time both experiences and would recommend to others. I would like to go back when the weather is cooler so I can experience the patio.
2	Had a deal chicken for this place and heard it was fabulous so I spent $49 on a deal chicken...I was really very very very disappointed with this place.The service was awful, which should have been my first sign.  The food, especially one that is promoting a "tortilla factory" was bland and really nothing special.  The chips were cold, the chorizo queso was coagulated and our meal wasn't anything you couldn't get at a mexican restaurant for half the price and double the flavor. The margaritas were watered down.  The best part, dessert.  The chocolate cake and the cheesecake are both pretty damn good, hence the 2 star.Oh, and parking sucks too.
4	We had a group of 3 couples. Two of us had the Deal Chicken coupon, $49 for $117.00. Our coupon gave us the tortilla chips with the salsa and fundido and two margaritas for each person. I thought for sure that after drinking the margaritas I would turn red from drinking all that alcohol. That's because I'm allergic to something in the alcohol whether it be beer, wine or the hard stuff. NOT!! These drinks were watered down.Average price for their margaritas came to $11.20. Maybe if we paid full price for our meals, it would have been much better.My wife had the Pollo Margarita, stuffed chicken breast . which was a lot of food for her. She brought half of it home. I ordered the Grilled Salmon which was so GOOD that I cleaned the plate. The next order was for dessert which I had the Flan and my wife had the Tuxedo cheesecake.The service was excellent. maybe because the table we were at was reserved for 8:00. Our server. Samantha, was very knowledgeable and personable. She was on top of everything; water glasses were constantly filled and she would make sure all the finished plates were removed.
5	this is my absolute favorite restaurant in Arizona! I love the ambience, the outdoor patio (huge) the menu is diverse and outstanding!  The wait staff is top notch! and the food is incredible!  I always bring out of town guests here, for a special dinner!  Love it!
1	DO NOT EAT HERE.  I was ecstatic to find they had a gluten free menu completely separate from their normal fare. After ordering tacos off the GF menu I knew immediately something was wrong after eating one taco. The waitress came around and I asked her the tortillas wereGF, which they weren't. She brought me GF  tortillas but it was too late. I had already thrown up in the bathroomand was extremely sick. Also, the margaritas are NOT smooth, and the chipsand salsa are not free. If I could give a negative star review, I would. STAY AWAY.
4	Best patio in Old Town and extensive tequila list.
5	I stopped in Scottsdale to visit an old high school friend of mine and we decided to try Old Town Tortilla Factory. Right off the bat, the service was wonderful! The waiter was knowledgeable and knew how to sell the menu! Nice job! I ended up ordering the Carne de fuego and I added the large gulf shrimps for an extra $9. It was well worth it! The chipotle honey sauce was delicious, the stead was cooked perfectly as were the shrimps. The overall atmosphere was wonderful!
4	Had street tacos.. really good!
5	Solid food, get the pork chop and the Shrimp Diablo. Dlish!
3	My experience at Old Town Tortilla Factory is probably very different than that of the average patron. I dined here with a semi-private party with 40 other guests and we were served buffet-style.Our group was seated in their outdoor dining area, which I absolutely loved. I thought the atmosphere was great and brought an authentic Southwest feel and vibe to the restaurant. The food was as decent as you would expect sharing buffet-style with 40 other people lined up outdoors: nothing mind-blowingly memorable, but nothing too bad, either.My one complaint would be the servers. Especially at our single table of 8, it did not seem the server we were assigned was equipped to take care of a large group. There was much unnecessary confusion at the end of the night when it came down to settling some bar tabs. Overall, it did not ruin our experience, but definitely took away from the overall positivity. Regardless, I would love to come back here with a smaller group and enjoy a fresh plate of food! The outdoor dining is definitely something you can't pass up...
3	Excellent customer service. Went with a large group on 1/29/2013 I thought it was going to be mexican food so was confused by the vegetarian quesadillas with light cheese for appetizers & dinner without beans, it was rice, vegetables, lots of zuchini, salad  had jicama which made it good & the steak with chipotle was quite good, it looked a little dry but ended up being nice and juicy and delicious. The chicken on the other hand was dry and the sauce was used sparingly so not sure what it was supposed to taste like, I was turned off after a couple bites. The salsa is not spicy so if you like spicy, which i do, it's disappointing but again...this is Tex-Mex so maybe Tex-Mex isn't supposed to be spicy. Margaritas were very lemon & like it had sprite or something in it, I had asked for cadillac margarita and I guess thats what I got, couldn't taste any alcohol. The good thing the food seemed much more lighter and healthier if  that's what you are looking for. The place is really cool looking too.
4	The best restaurant patio I've been on in Scottsdale.  I've been here twice ... the customer service is great, the food and drinks are great, but the ambiance is the best around.
2	Food ok we ordered the pork chops the menus said that they were 10oz I worked in the meat business for many years the pork chops we got were closer to 6 oz
1	This was one of the worst restaurants I have ever eaten at....The service was left wanting to say the least, the staff were rude, inattentive, and seemed far more interested in talking to each other, texting on their phones or just doing their best to avoid customers... their were slow to take our drinks order, I looked at the time it took about 15 minutes... our food order took far longer.... then when our food come out it came out in four trips.... (there were four of us at the table, I am glad not more I would hate to think how long that would have taken)The food.... while the menu looked good and the food sound appealing , although a little on the pricey side for what it was... when it came out I don't think it could have got much worse...  I order a chicken dish that was poached... I think that my napkin would have had more flavor in it... I am certain that it was just cooked in plain water and all of the flavor that might have existed in the chicken was left in the poaching water, I know that it wasn't in the chicken that I was severed... my wife ordered a dish she ask is this spicy? she was told not at all.... I would have liked to ask the server what their meaning of not at all is, if only I could have found him and kept him at the table away from his phone long enough to ask... I like spicy food as does my wife, but we could not eat it.... a-la Guy Fieri, Triple D, atomic chicken wings... I think that they put quite an amount of habanero if not bhut jolokia in it... fun thing was though they forgot the salt or anything else that might have resembled flavor.... my sons ordered fried chicken strips.... I think that they were left in the frier just short of becoming shoe leather... if they were trying to bring visions of the Sonoran Desert they did with the chicken strips!From reading Yelp these guy are just all over the place... sometimes good... sometimes you get them like us.... I would like to hope that it was nothing we did to upset them.... if it was us I am sorry that we upset you that much!The only good thing was they were able to serve the beer cold... it was the only the got right all night...Oh when we went to complain... well good luck finding a server... paid... left... disappointed
4	This has become our regular spot when in town if for no other reason than the wonderful outdoor space.  The food has always been great - although more vegetarian options would be welcomed by the wife - and the margaritas are sublime.  Service has always been fine but we do arrive early before it gets crazy packed.  (Old people style has its benefits.)
5	Visited here for the first time while my mom and sister were visiting from Ohio after having 3 recommendations to try it out! Food was delicious and portion sizes were great! Everything was great, and the server even offered to take several photos for us to showcase our experience via Facebook for Ohio friends and family! (Haha) overall great positive vibe with great good and great service!oh, and OMG!!  the chocolate cake for dessert was impressive!! all 4 of us shared, and we still took some home! margaritas were good, as well as all of our other food!!
3	Nice patio with white lights strung overhead.  Nice hostess and waiter, andres, was great.  Mexican food is our favorite, but the flavor was lacking.  Actually had to ask for some salt from the hostess for my Mahi mahi tacos.
2	Great spot. Bad service and cold food even after asking if they could please reheat 3 of the 4 meals that were served to our party of 4.  As we were walking out I thought the management would appreciate discussing my concern but the management apparently wasn't concerned enough to visit with me.  When you pay for quality service and food you should get it.
3	The patio makes it worth it.
5	Great place! I just went to OTTF for a first date on Friday and it was a fantastic choice.  Great outdoor ambiance with open space, ample shade, good lighting, and cooler temperatures provided by the mister system.  The food and service were top notch.  The margaritas were the best I've had.  It's not cheap, but what you get is great quality. Definitely coming back here for another special occasion.
1	This place does not even deserve a star. Upon arrival get handed a pager with half of the restaurant empty. We still had to wait 20 minutes for a table. Tired of waiting asked I we could eat at the bar, was told no as a dinner plate goes to a couple at the bar. We finally get seated, starving thinking okay chips and salsa... wrong that's an appetizer that is 4 bucks. So we order what ended being a basket of stale chips and some fondidto (melted cheese). Well after the third attempt of serving the cheese actually warm enough to eat, it sucked. I am waiting for my entree as I write this only for the entertainment of how horrible this is going to be. Should of gone to Oregano's
3	When we found out that they didn't take reservations for parties of less than six, we decided to go early.We arrived just after 5:00 and found plenty of parking.  We were greeted warmly, and immediately ushered into the dining room after being asked our seating preference.  Our server, Concetta, was efficient and friendly - explaining the Deal Chicken "can have and can not have"s.  There was no "coupon vibe" at all.The menu is not extensive and the Deal Chicken deal eliminates most of the pricier entrees.  Still, there is plenty to choose from if you remember that you are in a Mexican restaurant.The decor is Old Town old - comfortable, but I don't think you'd take your camera out.  The patio looked nice, but hey, it's 104 degrees out - I don't care how many misters you put out there.  And for me, misters over my food is not something I feel great about.The Chorizo Fundido was the only appetizer available with the deal - but that's ok, it was great.  Slightly splice with lots of chorizo and peppers.  I think some reviewers may have mistaken the peppers for "coagulated" cheese.  We ate the entire serving.The 4 margaritas that were part of the deal were "OK", not bad, not great, certainly not over proofed.  Just fine for a dinner that you might want to be able to drive afterwards without being overly concerned about being impaired. They are served in plastic shakers and they hold enough for a few "top offs".  They go well with the food.Concetta was continuously monitoring our table and making sure we were ok, filling our water, asking if we were ready for more margaritas and in general looking after us.We ordered the "Old Town Tacos"  and the "Achilote Ribs".  The tacos were, again "OK".  Nothing that you would urge your friends to have, but nothing you would try to dissuade them from ordering either unless they asked for your advice.The ribs - a large portion comes with french fries and coleslaw - was again, "OK".  No spice on the ribs stood out.  There wasn't the heat I expected. They were just short of falling off the bone done. They had obviously cooked previously and then sauced and fired.  The hit of the plate was the coleslaw.  It had a cumin component that made it really stand out.  The french frys were wilted and soggy, but that's not uncommon when you get 'Q'.At this point we were stuffed - and we still had two deserts to go.  Our server recommended the Banana Crisp to have there and the Flan to take home.  The Crisp is sliced bananas in a tortilla that is deep fried and then sauced with raspberry compote.  I can only say that I am not a desert person and this did not make me want to become one.  A cursory taste and we were asking for the bill and a chance to walk some of the food off.The bill, $106.50 before Deal Chicken was $4.30 after.  We were happy to have had the opportunity to try the place for more than 50% off.  Big eaters will appreciate this place more than those with smaller appetites.We probably won't go back for dinner, but could stop by for the Chorizo Fundido and a couple of beers.
2	This was the worst Mexican restaurant I've ever been to. We had to buy our chips and salsa ($4.99) and the chips were cold and stale. I ordered the fish tacos and asked for flour tortillas, our waitress explained the only flour tortillas they have are the larger ones and warned me that the fish will look small on it. Really? A tortilla factory and you only make flour tortillas in one size?! She was right the fish was small, each of the three tacos came with a small strip of fish...worst fish tacos I've ever had. My daughter had the mixed tacos that came with steak, shrimp and chicken and she enjoyed them...which is my only reason that I didn't rate this place just one star. Not only was the food a disappointment but the place was a dump. Skip this place and Old Town all together.
4	Atmosphere was great, service was great, margaritas were great. I had the carne de fuego which was really good. The menu is a limited for vegatarian wife, but she was still happy with experience.It's interesting to see all of 3 stars and below. There are a lot of really good restaurants in area and foodies in scottsdale, so I wonder if the bar is set ridicously high for some folks...
5	We used a deal chicken which was a very good value as the menu items vary from 15-33 dollars.  Rather expensive for a Mexican restaurant.  We had a wonderful reception when we arrived. We were greeted by two different people.  Seating was timely and very pleasant.  Our waiter came immediately to our tables, got us started on our Margaritas and brought the included Fundido appetizer which was very good.  Contrary to other reviewers we did get a basket of chips and salsa as well as fresh tortillas within a few minutes of being seated.  The Margaritas are big and really good.  Again, to get 2 each was a great deal.  Our waiter, Trent, was very pleasant, efficient and nice.  No bad attitude about the deal chicken voucher.  I had the taco plate, shrimp, beef and chicken served with beans, rice and 3 more tortillas.  Good but a lot to eat!  My daughter had a spicy chicken dish, she really liked it but, like me, said it was too much food.  It seems the reviews here are based on the poor service as opposed to the quality of food but I have to give the establishment 5 stars because I can't fault to service in the least.  They really went out of their way to make sure we had a good time.  We sat inside, too hot outside, but there were 20 or more people enjoying the evening on the beautiful patio under the mister system.  Would I go back?  Yes, with a deal chicken.  Had we paid full price the dinner would have been over $100 total  including the drinks which to me is too pricy for a Mexican restaurant.
5	Great ambiance! Great food!
3	Went here while visiting Phoenix as it was advertised in every magazine I opened.  While this place had some delicious food, I am not a fan of pretentious Mexican food trying to be something it is not.  Also, prices were extremely high for all drinks and food.  It seemed very much like a yuppie spot for hip 20 somethings to eat outside and drink overpriced booze.  So while everything tasted great, I am not heading back here any time soon or possibly ever again as I do not live in Phoenix.
4	Awesome waitor(can't remember his name), awesome margarita, awesome patio, awesome tortillias, ok main entree(pollo margarita), awesome dessert (banana crisp).  I think that covers it.
3	Not even going too lie- Love to eat there black bean tortilla's.... They are very good. I had the Pork shank or chops, don't remember-what they call the dish,but they were good. One time it was good and second time, we went was not good at all. Thought it was pricey for the food quality and service received. On the fence, but love the black bean tortilla's... Ha
2	I went to celebrate one of my friends birthday dinner and I so disappointed. Never again will I be going eating at this restaurant. To start off they have no parking lot so you have to park on the side of the street or wherever you can find parking and walk up to the restaurant. Second because we were a huge group of 11 ppl we asked them several times to group two tables together (which we had made reservations days in advance) they didn't do it until they saw us trying to move the tables together. Third the menu wasn't that great. I was expecting lots of tacos, burritos, more Mexican dishes and the prices were ridiculous, I guess because it's Scottsdale. The lowest price for a plate was 14.99 which by the way while reading the menu the food did sound that delicious/appealing. I can say that the green enchilada was really good. I had the tequila lime salad and added chicken. The chicken was so dry and had no flavor. As much as I tried to finish it after awhile I had to stop eating. Margaritas were expensive and the alcohol amount in them were small. The beers were pretty cheap 4.25 though. Fourth, the decor was pretty decent. Nothing too fancy we sat outside in the patio they had fans and misters which was pretty nice however they had this fireplace in the middle which I did not understand. Inside the restaurant is pretty ghetto looking for being in Scottsdale. Bathrooms were clean but really small, I felt so cram in the stall. The bar was alright but it looked dirty. The bottles on the wall looked they haven't dust them in months. Finally, the server was good he seemed really awkward and nerves. I know we were a large group and did a good job getting us drinks and our food correctly. Until the end when we were about to pay we ask to split up the tabs and he said he couldn't. After that we got irritated. We spent 30 mins trying to figure out who ordered what totaling the amounts each person owed and several ppl were paying in cash while others with their cards and what amount of change certain ppl were going to get back. We pretty much had to wait an hr to figure that out and for the server to figure it out. Not to mention that my bf and I had to pay our tab plus the gratuity tip because we were the last ones. What should have been a tab of $53 they charged us $67 (wtf). Didn't have a good experience I doubt I will ever return.
3	It has a nice patio and decent quality ingredients however the flavors are geared for tourists who want to tread lightly. To best enjoy yourself here come order a marrita sit on the patio and snack on some chips with your dip of choice. Note the salsa is quite mild again for the tourists I believe. The service here is quite good as is the selection on the menu.
2	Only a 2 because of the great atmosphere. The patio and lights were terrific at night.Unfortunately the food was terrible.  Possibly the worst Mexican food I've ever had (and I've had a lot!).  I was vacationing in Phoenix with my wife and fell for the pretty pictures of the patio.They attempt to be innovative (eg cilantro tortillas with butter for an appetizer ... Which was awful) but it doesn't end up tasting like Mexican food or frankly anything that I'd care to eatThe chili verde was nearly inedible.  The sauce was soupy with very odd flavors and the meat was gristly and of low quality.  Avoid and hopefully the'll close down and something else will move into this great location
2	i came here with my family for my sisters birthday. hate to say it, but the service was horrible! With a party of 8 or more horrible customer service should not be allowed a gratuity option. The food was okay, i've had way better mexican food! Scenery was nice we ate outside, but it took forever to just get our food. We asked our server if she can take a family picture for us, but said no she was to busy. As I watched her she was just hanging out at the bar just talking and laughing with co workers. I would not recommend going here for birthday dinners, scottsdale has way better mexican food in the city.
2	Watered down marguerites. I think they put sprite in their house drinks which is sad.  The food was bland and needed salt. The service was very slow and the waitress was not attentive. We ordered guacamole with our chips and got it 40 mins later after asking twice for it.
1	The food was cold and just plain bad. The restaurant doesn't respect its food. If your lucky you'll get a warm meal. The place itself looks nice and for that reason it should only be a large bar.
4	It was my first time ther and we went with a group of girls and had a great time the foor was great and it was such a great night to sit on the patio!!
5	I am a vegetarian and this restaurant is very accommodating to my food preferences. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and give great service. The margaritas are divine and the ambiance is spectacular.
1	The service was great, the drinks were good. We had chips and salsa and chorizo fundido. The chips and salsa were just fine. Nothing to rave about. The fundido was good, but there was no chorizo in it to be seen. I ordered the tortilla soup. Which was sort of like a bowl of enchilada sauce. I wouldn't recommend it. I had the grilled shrimp salad, it was good. My husband had the pork chili verde and it was not good. The pork was fatty and more like pork soup.
4	Although the food was mediocre, our waitress Emily made the whole experience amazing. The patio is great this time of year for dinner. Everyone was super friendly, the ambience was awesome, the food came out incredibly fast. We would definitely come here for another date night, or even just drinks on the patio.
3	I had the opportunity to come out for a large dinner and here is a break down of that experience:1 star for the location, it has great outdoor seating and a really comfortable patio1 star for the food, it was a large self serve style because we had a special group event, but it was delicious1 star for the service, kind of sort of, some of the servers were great and some were not so great
4	I like visiting this restaurant every time Im in town. Good food, GREAT margaritas, fun atmosphere. The patio is great and the tortillas are literally hand made right inside, you can watch!
5	Tortilla Factory is one of our favs in Scottsdale. The food is great and they have amazing margaritas.  Most of the seating is out on the patio. They have tons of patio heaters, so you are dining comfortably outside even in January.  The staff is always super friendly. Everyone that works there seems to be really happy.  We took our toddler there on our last visit for an early dinner. She loved all of the action. Check it out if you are looking for tasty Mexican food and drinks!
4	Wow, surprised reviews from others were on the so-so, not too happy side. We really enjoyed this place. The inside atmosphere had a "quaint" kind of feel. The carne asada steak tacos were delish, they have great homemade tortillas.  I recommend this fine Mexican establishment if you are in Scottsdale!
2	Although I did enjoy the food here, I was completely unimpressed (and slightly annoyed) by the overpriced margaritas.  I ordered a platinum which contained "fresh" juice.   It tasted like it had sprite in it, so I thought surely she gave me the wrong one.   It turns out that "fresh juice" is really margarita mix on tap from the same gun as the sprite.   I asked for something fresh to replace the horrible margarita and received a rocks glass with just muddled lime and a salted rim.   I'm not sure it contained any tequila.   Horrible!   It's not that hard to make a fresh margarita!
4	My roommate and I took his parents here while they were visiting. We were in the mood for Mexican. I couldn't believe I've lived so close to this hidden gem for so long and never knew it was there! The spacious patio area is great. A perfect setting for a date. The food was really good too and came is pretty large portions. We left full. The ONLY reason I did not give 5 stars was because my margarita tasted like it didn't have much alcohol in it. But overall a great experience. I highly recommend!
1	I've been to Old Town Tortilla Factory several times and always recommend it for out of town guests because of the great patio. On my last visit, all four in my party were terribly disappointed with their dishes. There was no flavor, no spice - even though we all ordered the "spicy" dishes, and completely disappointing considering the high prices. The margaritas - at $12 a drink did not contain much tequila and were watered down.
2	Kinda high price. Food is OK. I've had better. They advertise the heck out of this place, and make it sound so good, but, honestly, the food was small portions with a big price, and tasteless, to boot! Overall, we found no good mexican food in Scottsdale area. If you want some good nachos, though, go to the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess Resort, and eat the Nacho appetizer at the Ironwood American Kitchen. Is run by a famous chef. Also, walk around the property. It's amazing!The nachos here, were made with more gourmet ingredients. I've never had nachos that good anywhere else.Skip the Old Town Tortilla Factory!!
1	So I'm not usually one to negatively review restaurants as I know each diner has their own palate and desires but I feel this one needs a little forewarning to out of towners looking for a great Mexican meal. We were in town for Spring Training and saw advertisements in nearly every publication for this spot and it appeared like a very cool, relaxed, romantic outdoor environment so we said let's do it!Upon arrival the outside decor looked amazing and like the perfect dining spot for a great meal, drinks, and conversation after a couple of hot days watching baseball. To our dismay the wait for the outdoor courtyard/patio was an hour and a half (understandable though on a Saturday night. So we decided on the 45 min wait for inside and headed to the bar/cocktail area. After waiting nearly 10 min at a cocktail table we were finally addressed and were able to order chips, salsa, and guacamole and two of what were plastered over all their advertisements as "Arizona's Best Margarita". The chips and salsa and guacamole were fantastic!!! The margaritas, although accompanied by their own plastic shaker with refills in it, left far more to be desired. Very sweet, no sense of alcohol in it, and on the watered down side... Suppose we should've heeded the other reviews on here about them. Finally our table was ready and I had to chase down our cocktail server to tab out for about 5 minutes since the bartender was unable to assist us with paying as he appeared far less busy than our cocktailer. Our table was nice, the server very friendly, and we selected a few apps to share since we had filled up on the tasty chips and salsa. The water had a funky taste to it so we passed on that. Chicken quesadilla was okay but I've had better. The Spicy Shrimp Diablo clearly was a lost dish on this menu... Embedded with sundried tomatoes mushrooms and garlic, no heat or sense of spice or Mexican cuisine, it clearly felt like it belonged in an Italian restaurant - the shrimp were cooked perfectly though! Did see kitchen staff nearly run over three guests as the restrooms are in the same location as the kitchen exit and I'm sure there's numerous instances where collisions and food spills happen because the staff is rushing out without regard for patrons. I guess the woman's restroom is very small and difficult to maneuver around - and my friend is very petite!Overall I'm sure there are probably really delicious dishes on the menu based on the number of clientele dining but we were left with far more to be desired from this experience. Just a warning for those of you looking for a great Mexican meal.
1	Had dinner with some friends.  Very disappointed in food and margaritas.  Food bland not much flavor man someone needs to use salt and pepper in this restaurants kitchen!  Mahi Mahi tacos smelly and not fresh.  Green pork chile more potatoes than pork and very runny just in a broth.  Crab dip bad... rubber crab texture and bland like most items on this unseasoned menu !
4	Good place, great patio dinning experience. Food was really good, fresh ingredients and very well displayed. Would visit again in the future.
5	Fantastic, the food was great salsa was good and spicy. The tortillas were nice and thin.
4	This place has a great patio and good food.   Old town tacos were good as were fish tacos.   Margs are small but tasty.  Have to pay for chips and salsa which is silly to me.   Go and get a seat outside!
3	I was a bit hesitant to bring my brother-in-law and his wife here based on the reviews I've read.  I agree that the food is not top-notch Mexican...if that is what you are looking for, pass it by.  However, for our occasion, it was perfect.  Lovely patio atmosphere in Old Town, the service was quite good and we were able to have a very relaxing dinner.  We went at 6:30 on a Saturday night, and there was no wait for a patio table.  I give the menu some points for trying to be inventive - I had the Pollo Margarita, as did my partner, and it was fine, but I understand why people criticize the food for being a bit on the bland side.  My brother in law had the meatloaf with chipotle sauce (he's the culinary guy in the group) and he was quite pleased with it.  SIL had the red enchiladas, and while not her favorite, she said they were good.  My partner and his brother were raised on homemade tortillas, so they were not impressed with the tortillas here, although they are house made and I thought very good, as a gringo.  So yes, three stars for a perfectly good place, but if they stepped the food up a notch, I would go the extra star.
2	I'm giving this place 2 stars because of the value. It was good Mexican but not for the prices they charge. The total for 2 entrees and a few beers was $70. I don't feel like the meal was worth any where near that. We had the pork Chile Verde and the carne de fuego. Pork Verde was very average, carne de fuego was delicious. Again, overall not a bad place, but I would not eat here again.
2	I've been to Tortilla Factory several times with mixed reviews.  The food is solid, but tourist Mexican with no real hot food options on menu.  Beware of the "Chile Verde", it's a tomatillo based water sauce that is a joke.  Drive over to New Mexico to get proper Chile Verde.  Last night we were seated in the beautiful courtyard Nextel fire and waterfall. Unfortunately our server was more d in the girl waiter he was flirting with than our service.  I've heard that the kitchen takes forever and this trip was the worse of all.  Sat with our kids for an hour to get our meal.  Restaurants that don't work to the end of the evening are just poorly managed and this place is obviously very bad in that department.It's a cool Scottsdale location, but beware unless you are patient enough to put up with poor service and a long wait.
3	OK, the patio is great - fun drinks and lively place.  I would give the food an average rating though.  Not bad but not great.   I would go for some nachos and tortillas and enjoy a marg on the patio on a lovely evening.
3	I read really great reviews about this place and had the impression that I HAD to come here while I was vacationing in Scottsdale. The tortillas were good, no doubt. But everything else was just kind of bland. We did sit outside and the mister system they had was leaking on our table, which didn't help matters. I wouldn't rush to go back if I were in town.
4	Was there Saturday night and they were busy but we were seated right away. Server took our order quickly but food took a long time to come out. There were two large parties so I'm assuming that is the reason. Our server took pretty good care of us considering he was waiting on a large bachlelorett party also. Food was yummy, the chips and queso were awesome. Nice ambience on patio.
2	3 stars for the nice outdoor dining (when cool enough) area and the service but more importantly in this case 2 stars for most everything else.Had one of their recommended margaritas and although the taste was nice and light for a warm evening there was a reason it was nice and light...I don't know if they pour extra warm ingredients over the ice then shake it up a lot for a watered down taste or if there is simply no booze in the drink but was extremely weak and my guest said his was the same.I ordered the fish tacos of which there were three and they were just OK.  Served on tiny corn tortillas with a very small amount of jalapeno sauce and no roasted corn guacamole which it should have come with. My guest had the achiote ribs which surprisingly came as an entire slab. Neither he nor I were familiar with achiote sauce beyond knowing that achiote is a spice but even if we were we would have expected the "glazed with..." description to be an actual glaze and not a 1-inch thick bland paste. The ribs were tender just not as flavorful as one would have thought.Overall the place was overpriced for the quality for food and beverage.  Disappointing.
2	This place has great ambiance, but the quality of food does not match.  First off, you have to pay for chips and salsa, which is fine, but I find pretty annoying for a Mexican restaurant.  I do expect if I'm paying for chips though, that they are made on site.  These tasted bagged and almost stale, though the salsa was good.  They are definitely trying to offer more upscale Mexican-influenced entrees, but the menu left something to be desired.  I ended up making a meal of sides.  The veggies were cooked fine, but the garlic mashed potatoes were gummy, and had absolutely no flavor.  For a restaurant that was a bit pricey, it's sad to walk away disappointed with your meal.
4	I am also surprised at the not too good reviews, I was pleasantly surprised to find an absolutely charming large and inviting patio.  The wait was not too bad for a Saturday night (20 minutes), and the margaritas were quite good (though not on the cheap side).  I love how they have different and very unique flavored hand made tortillas, and oh man, the guacamole? YUMMM! We all went with the steak tacos, and they were really good, loved the marinade they use for the steak. The only downfall I would say was the limited parking but other than that, I am a fan!
3	The outdoor space is really the attraction here.  It's great to sit outside and enjoy the tasteful lights, landscaping, fire pit and a fountain.  Ample seating inside or out. The food was good but a bit pricey, it's not anything authentic.
1	I love the outdoor ambiance but I have to be honest the food and drinks are awful.  The margaritas taste like a whole lot of water and no alcohol.  Their sweet and sour mix taste like Sprite.  I am so surprised as to how this establishment in a nice area can offer such bad food.  The chips are out of a bag.  They are the low fat kind you buy from the grocery store.  Oh and you have to pay almost $5 for chips and salsa.  They use to serve a fresh flour tortilla and butter but thats no longer an option anymore.  I waited over 40 minutes for my entree.  By the time it came to my table I realized the wait staff forgot it.  The only saving grace was the sweet waiter.  This place is a major tourist trap and they apparently can get away with charging people over-priced dishes and watered down drinks because of their location.  Do yourself a favor and skip on this restaurant.  I promise you will enjoy a better meal at Rubios or Taco Bell.
4	I loved this place. Just gorgeous decor and atmosphere. My tortilla soup was ok, but for the price you do get a lot of it. The house salad was good, and it looked like the street tacos were the hit of our table.
4	My best friend was visiting from back East and she wanted some good Mexican food while she was here. She had never been to Arizona before and we had spent the day walking around Tempe and Scottsdale. We just ordered drinks and appetizers because it was 104 that day, and she didn't want to eat anything heavy. We had their chorizo nachos which was delicious with fresh jalapenos, cotija cheese sprinkled on top and crema, instead of sour cream. We loved it along with the guacamole dip.My only complaint was that there was inside seating available along with the patio where we were seated. We should have been offered a choice, but we weren't. It wasn't the server's fault. The blame lies squarely with hostess.
3	Service was great; food good! Patio awesome, sangria yea!!! They have recently been voted best in accommodating "large groups" but I may have to disagree on that... They don't even split checks, my biggest con. Especially since we had a party of 16, some ppl didn't even order entrees or drinks. So we split it ourselves.
2	My hubby and I are fairly new to the Scottsdale area and on the hunt for a good Mexican food restaurant.  We stopped in here because it had a nice patio area, but the menu prices were high.  We ordered chips & salsa and guacamole to start.  After reading the mediocre reviews on Yelp, we decided that this place was way over priced for what the offer.  Our chips & salsa and guacamole cost us over $11.00, (not including the tip). The guacamole came in a very small bowl and wasn't all that great...definitely not worth the more than $5 we paid for it.  We have opted to spend our hard earned money elsewhere.  BTW - where I come from, good Mexican restaurants don't charge for chips & salsa...
4	Texas visiting this weekend.  GREAT patio. OMG loved every bit of being outside.  The food is really pretty good but the tastes here are a smidge different than Texas.  I like my food spicy. I had the green enchiladas that were just wonderful and the black beans were NOT bland.  The salsa and guacamole are wonderful here.  Beer ice cold too.  Would come back again.
1	Absolutely GROSS!!!!Ordered Sea bass, was a cheap frozen piece of fish in batter, disgusting, didn't eat it!My boyfriend ordered the ribs, fowl!! Over cooked with congealed disgusting sauce & soggy fries.... YUCK YUCK YUCK!!!!!!Do not recommend!!!!!
2	My daughter and I went to the "Award Winning" Old Tortilla Factory having very high hopes for the Mexican food - we're from New Mexico and like hot & spicy.  I thought the courtyard was nice if a little run down (could use a re-fresh).  We  had good service until we were ready for our check - it had gotten busy so we had to flag down our waiter.  The food was just mediocre; not enough spice and flavor.  My daughter had a gargantuan plate of nachos that were just mediocre, nothing special.  I had the shrimp tacos that were flavorless, the corn tortillas were like cardboard and there was no white creamy sauce that's usually served on tacos - rather disappointing.  The best thing we ate were black bean tortillas and herb butter that were not even part of the menu and served as a pre-meal bread.  I wish I had eaten only the black bean tortillas and butter!  This looks like a place that had its' hey-day once and now are just old and tired of it all.  I think it could be brought back with new menus, some bright updated decor, and new management/owners.  We don't have to try this place again; I'm pretty sure the people that really like this place have had a few margaritas before dinner.
4	Recently made my second visit to this restaurant with a friend.  Beautiful, large patio, excellent service, and great food.  Certainly not your typical Mexican restaurant - I would review the menu online before deciding on eating here.  Our meals have always been very good.  It is a nice place to go for an evening of visiting with friends without feeling rushed by a staff looking to turn the table.  It is also one of the better options for a larger party in terms of seating.
4	Food is great, and patio is very nice.  So many reviews that are poor for no reasonable reason.  Probably these are people that like Ajo Al's hehhehe.  Fish Tacos were tasty, fundido was awesome.  My kids devoured it.
2	Was excited to try this place out with the wife for a friends birthday dinner. Atmosphere was great even for June on the patio. They had black bean tortillas and whipped butter on the tables that was delicious. Margaritas were good and that would probably wrap up all the good. Now the ugly, we were with a large party that showed up in groups. Which most service people would assume separate checks or at least ask. This wasn't a concern until the end of the evening, when our server presented 1 check and expressed dismay along with words of discouragement that it would take a while to split, very unprofessional for an upscale Mexican restaurant in Scottsdale. I believe that the management at this establishment is non existent. Servers seem to do as they please, reach over guests, place plates in front of incorrect guests. Many of the simple things that management would typically ensure that there staff is engaged in doing correctly. Now the food. Carne y Camerones (steak and shrimp) great ingredients but poor execution. The steak was overcooked as well as the shrimp and served cold. The mashed potatoes were tasty but dry and cold as well. I feel that the cooks had their timing off, maybe because of the large party or just the fact that they didn't care. The technique and the ingredients were there for a great meal but it felt thrown together and was served cold. This restaurant could be great, they have a good menu, good drinks, great atmosphere, but the service, execution, professionalism, and passion is not there. I blame the management.
4	My first experience at Old Town Tortilla Factory was nearly 11 years ago and this place is just as good as ever.  I hosted a large group dinner (120+ people) in May and we thoroughly enjoyed a buffet dinner sitting under the lights and stars of the beautiful patio.  The food was great - just the right amount of spice and flavor, the staff was efficient and friendly and the atmosphere was great.
2	Good atmosphere but the food is sub par compared with what you can get at other Mexican restaurants close by...over priced as well.
5	My husband and I went for dinner this evening at the Old Town Tortilla Factory in Scottsdale.  We didn't know what to expect after reading some of the reviews.We got right in and seated as soon as we got there. Water was brought to us as soon as we sat down.  Our waiter was excellent, very attentive.We had the Carne De Fuego and the Pollo Margarita.  Both meals were great.  Food was well prepared and hot.Thought the place, service and food were very good and would definitely go back.
5	DELICIOUS margaritas at the bar accompanied by hot, homemade tortillas. Bartender is a pro with the large selection of tequila on hand. If you find yourself stuffed after the amazing chips & salsa, tortillas and tasty beverages...order the Old Factory Tacos - you can mix and match your favorite fillings while keeping it light!
3	First piece of advice: Don't order a basket of chips! They were the only part of the meal I didn't care for, and didn't even end up needing since they eventually brought out their fresh and flavored tortillas that they pair with flavored butter. The tortillas of the night were black bean flavored and were paired with chipotle butter, both of which tasted amazing! I ordered enchiladas which were good, but nothing too special. The food was overall average but I'd probably come back solely for the cool night-time environment.
5	I was asked to check our this restaurant while I was on vacation for a possible future work function and I cannot wait to go back. The surroundings were amazing along with fantastic service and stellar food. The Chorizo Fundido dip is a must for an appetizer and the Flan is a work of culinary art, I can't wait to have dinner here again.
1	I was very un-impressed w/ this place. I ordered a Margehrita while waiting for food to take out, "W"? lets have ice-water.........Come up w/ a new menu and have not everything tasting the "Same" and I might re-consider. Until then I will not be back.Heck "Filbertos" is much much better, no josh.
1	Where do we begin?   People have been telling us about the Old Town Tortilla Factory.  We were in Scottsdale and hungry and decided to try it out.   Had we stopped with just appetizers this review might be different. We were greeted in a fairly empty restaurant by Jason - who claimed he was pulling double duty in the bar - which we found out later was a lie.  Oh sure - he WAS IN the bar, but not behind it working.We ordered the chorizo queso as an appetizer and a couple of margaritas.   The margaritas come in those little plastic shakers, which have lose tops.  The appetizer was great and delish. The margaritas were weak with little or no alcohol.   I ended up ordering 3 and still didn't feel any buzz.  Jason never seemed around for an empty restaurant and when we walked in...the outside bar looked fairly empty...hmmmmWhen Jason finally arrived back to take our order, I proceeded to self-pour my margarita and the top fell off the shaker, pouring a margarita all over the table.  Jason didn't flinch.  All he said was that happens all the time and promptly noted that they don't give away free drink replacements when it happens.   So they know tops fall off, they still continue to use such tops for their weak drinks, and won't replace them.   Hmmm...We were stunned.  We then discuss our orders with a drink spilled on the table.  I was vacillating between the sea bass and the snapper.  He said how good the snapper was so I ordered it.  Less than 5 seconds after I ordered, my lady said "Try the sea bass it looked better" so we wait for Jason to return.  No Jason.  We call another waitress to find Jason (and find our own bus boy to clean the spilled rink on the table.).  When Jason returns, I tell him to change my order - he says "Too late the chef already started it."  Again - we are stunned.  I can't change my order moments after I order it?  We are still trying to figuring out why he disappears in a nearly dead restaurant, so I say, "I guess I'll have to stick with the snapper for your sake - I hope its good." Our entrees finally arrive, and the snapper is unremarkable.  It's a whole fish - head and tail.  Snapper is a very bony fish so every bite is filled with bones. It's like a streamed fish.  No sauce and nothing to make it remarkable.  I take about three bony bites and then just stop.  Jason never came by during the meal to check on us.  He comes back about 15-20 later, never notices I didn't eat his shitty recommendation of fish but want to push more weak drinks, in flawed containers that fall apart onto us.  We refuse.  We get the check.  All the while through dinner, I stare at a stack of dirty plates from my appetizer of chorizo and empty spill glasses that never got picked up!Now I will digress.  We both worked for tips as kids, through high school and college.  TIPs are a privilege and not a right.  I don't think restaurant workers automatically deserve TIPs.  One earn TIPS.  My lady always feels bad not leaving a tip.  I never feel bad.  TIPs are about the hustle and making a client happy.  I saw none of this in Jason.   After much discussing with my lady - I left Jason ZERO tip.  Not even a penny.  I thought he sucked.  I thought his recommendation sucked.  I thought he was uncaring.  I thought his lack of empathy with a spilled drink, cleaning it up (He did tell us he was "working" the bar...didn't he??) sucked.  I left him nothing and didn't feel bad about it at all.  I thought he was worthless and lazy.  We get up and walk out of the restaurant.  We walk out the front door into the courtyard where the bar is and we see Jason.   Sure- Jason was in the bar....SITTING ON A BAR STOOL WATCHING A FOOTBALL GAME while some blonde girl was behind the bar, tending it.  My lady just smiled at me and says, "For once I agree with you and can't wait until you tell the world about this on Yelp."  Suggestions to the restaurant:1) Where is your manager?  No one is walking the restaurant asking how everyone and everything is?  You allow your associates to sit in the bar and watch a football game?  My drink wasn't cleaned up nor was my food order corrected because some assclown is sitting on a bar stool watching a football game???2) Don't serve drinks in shitty plastic shakers that fall apart.  Don't tell patrons you know this and still continue to do it.   Replace your weak drinks when spills happen since it's your own damn fault.3) Fire Jason.  Look up worthless and lazy in the dictionary and you'll see his picture.  There's a reason people like him make no money in the restaurant business and he is a piss-poor reflection of what your restaurant could be.  For all we know, maybe he was the manager or part of the owners family which is why his ineptitude is accepted. 4) For patrons?  Don't go to this place.  Around the corner on the other side of Scottsdale is a very old gem named Los Olivos.  Go there.  Your experience will be much better.
1	In all honesty ... 1 star might be overrated.  I rarely write reviews, but this restaurant needs to step up their game!  I would not only return, but I would discourage others from going.WAITED - over 30 minutes ... after a reservations was made.Food was awful.  Drink were awful.There was a cockroach at our table.I could go on and on, but overall, the management was rude, the food was not edible, and it was very disappointing. We had a lovely waiter that was doing his best, but could not compensate for everything else.
1	Tried to call to make a reservation number on web site was wrong never could get there
1	Ordered the enchiladas... hardly any chicken and very little flavor... and for $16!  Service was spotty as well. Will not return.   Very disappointing.
