3	The Big AZ is big and greasy!  Tastes good too!
5	I passed this place a few days ago and it looked like it was already open. I stopped in tonight for the first time and was told that they just opened yesterday. This is a nice location with a patio. I like what this plaza did with the traffic flow too.This Smashburger did not disappoint because I got Smashed tonight. I had a regular smashburger with grilled onions, jalapenos, tomatoes, lettuce, sweet relish and mustard on an egg bun. The burger was juicy and perfectly cooked, what more could you want.
4	Awesome burger.  I had one in Ohio about two years ago and loved it.  For only being open two days, this place was humming and the staff had their business down.  My order came out perfect and quick.  The AZ burger was awesome.  Not too spicy, but very good balanced flavor with each bite.  The smash sweet potato fries were just delicious.  Tossed in salt, olive oil and rosemary, still crunchy, and nice and sweet.  I'm glad we have one close to work now!
3	$12 for burger, fries, and soda.  Unbelievable how much some of these "nicer" fast food places charge.  Added jalapenos to my burger and it was just four little rings in the middle.  What kind of add-on topping value is that?  On top of this, the habanero cheese isn't really hot at all.  Parking is atrocious since it shares spots with Jimmy Johns and others.
3	Good burger place. Beats In n Out and five guys.
5	Very pleasant burger joint for the more sophisticated taste buds!  You form a queue to order, fill your drink and grab a seat.  Staff bring your food out and even bus your table.  Our family ordered smash fries and regular fries, kids' cheeseburger, grilled cheese, an Arizona burger, standard cheeseburger and a salty-caramel milkshake.  All of it was delicious!  Kids ate it up.  I love the Arizona burger--just the perfect amount of fresh crunch and spice. Yum!
1	Was not impressed at all, I wouldn't call this a Gourmet Burger, and they are expensive! didn't like the way the meat tasted, too salty, and the french fries were ok, we ordered the Rosemary,Olive oil, and Garlic fries, my husband loves Burgers, but we will not go back !  this was the second time we had tried them!I will say the Staff was Great, too bad their Burgers are not Great !We would rather go to In In Out, or Five Guys ! They have really Loud Music playing also, which is not very pleasant, my husband and I could barely hear each other talk !
4	Yummy! Much better than fast food fare. Don't you dare leave without an order of Sweet Potato Smashfries. OMG. Delish! It doesn't hurt that GiGi's Cupcakes is two doors down. Somebody grab the burgers while someone else nabs the dessert.Some things work out perfectly!
4	I have been wanting to check this place out for quite a while.  I finally had a chance to go and get a classic Smashburger.  When I first walked in I was presently surprised with the modern decor!  Large HDTV's for the menu, modern dining room.  I thought it was all great.  When I got my burger I was disappointed by how messy it was.  Also, the portion of fires you get are a bit disappointing.  Other then that, Smashburger is a great burger joint.
5	ok i'm editing my review, i now love this place, been addicted for past week....must have just been a bad experience the first time i went!ps: if you dont like your stuff salty just order it with mild seasoning
4	Much better than five guys not even comparable. Enjoyed 3 meals at Smashburger recently.
5	Their burger is great! We go there all the time and we order different things off the menu and they are all great.  Staff is friendly and helpful.  This is not fast food. I think I would call it casual dining. They are slower than In and Out but about the speed of 5 Guys.  Better than both IMHO.
5	So this was my first time having a Smash burger and man do I have to say that I freakin loved it!!!! The flavor that explodes in your mouth is absolutely amazing!!! I ordered the Arizona and what a nice spice kick to it and very flavorful!!! I also order the sweet potato fries and they were ok nothing ridiculously good. After all set and done I got the bill and realized its $9.02 with tax, kinda was thinking to my self did I just really spend that much on a burger with some fries? Yes I apparently did haha.I wish they were cheaper lets say $5.99 + tax = ( 3/4lb burger + fries ) would be nice.  ARE YOU READING THIS SMASH???Any way I was impressed so impressed I ended up going back a second time two nights in a row, got the original and that was flavorful too!!!!Thanks again SMASH!!!!Ciao, Luca
4	Back in the good ol' meat eating days, this place was bomb-diggity. I love the custom burger option, and it's really wonderful to have a ton of different bread styles. That  might be my favorite part. Unfortunately for me, I am fairly uncreative when I am left to my own devices, so they have some great specialty burgers to offer too. Deliciously addicting fries, zesty soda's, and top of the line service. Best "cheap burger" place, hands down.
2	I just scrolled through the reviews and I am shocked. Someone really likes this place? It was a huge disappointment. The food was below adverage. In and out is much better. The price is fine the fries never showed up so I can't say. Two stars at the absolute most. I may , if desperate, try a chicken sandwich. It was a greasy disgusting hamburger, I did not take the leftovers for my dog.  The ambiance is car wash. The help are looking suicidal.
4	wonderful in every way - great food, super friendly service, clean for sure - A SURE THING
3	Above average burger, but over priced compared to the other burger places in the Valley. I ordered the Classic Smash with the haystack onion rings. They put the smash sauce on the side, which is good, since I really didn't care for it too much. The onion rings were thinly cut, but a tad to greasy. If you plan on going a lot, sign up for the Smash club and they'll send you coupons for a free side.
4	Our fourth satisfactory trip to Smashburger seals the deal as far as my review is concerned.  Though there isn't much variety on the menu, they offer a lot of great choices to customize what you're getting - you can even choose what type of bun you get.  The burgers are great, black bean burger is excellent, fries and onion rings are awesome and they have really good shakes.  The one and only complaint I have so far is they are a little stingy with the blue cheese when it has been my cheese of choice.A solid spot for burgers.
2	First time was the last time. It wasn't so bad. But, after eating there, my Wife says to me, "Would you ever come back here?" Answer was a definitive no! Hence, the 2 star rating. Burger was really greasy, sweet potato fries were... Merhhhh... Onion rings (Haystacks) were very thin and, just... Mehhhh. I also don't like this new trend of fast food restaurants pretending to be gourmet dining, with no service. It's another do it yourself deal, and for 24 bucks for two, I want a waiter or waitress, thanks very much. One & done, Smashburger. See ya!
4	This location just opened in the past year.  I've had Smashburger before, when I lived in Vegas.  I finally got around to eating at this location.  I decided to order the Arizona Big Smashburger, $6.99 and Fries, $1.99.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/smashburger-scottsdale?select=5lRFB7Gm-1U8tkOVjwU25A#5lRFB7Gm-1U8tkOVjwU25Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/smashburger-scottsdale?select=IRp7RymmFmSQng5DDymnGQ#IRp7RymmFmSQng5DDymnGQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/smashburger-scottsdale?select=0uFd1V0_r9BfvSJXA96fkA#0uFd1V0_r9BfvSJXA96fkAThe Arizona Big Smashburger is pretty good...comes with Guacamole and fresh cut Jalapenos.  It has a nice kick to it....and tastes different than most Burgers you find out there.  The Guacamole is fresh and rich....adds a creamy smooth texture and compliments the sharpness of the Jalapeno.The Fries are average at best.This place gets very busy.  To avoid the crowds, try coming between meal periods.  Also, the parking lot can get nuts here because it's way too small for this shopping center.....I avoid it on the weekends.Return Factor - 88%
4	I have gone here for lunch twice now and really liked it! The first time I got a goat cheese salad with chicken and the second time I ordered the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich. Our food was delivered in less than 10 min. (which is a must when you are on an hour break from work) and the staff was very nice. The atmosphere is nice, casual, and clean and the prices are about average for lunch. The only negative would be that the salad was somewhat small for the price...they just need to add more spring mix or spinach since the toppings were plenty, but the chicken was cooked perfect.  I am very critical when it comes to chicken and it was not veiny or chewy, which is really important since I always worry about chicken being undercooked. The sweet potato fries were also amazing and not too greasy. I have yet to try the burgers (which is weird since this is a burger joint) but I will be sure to update if I do!
2	Second time at this location and cold fries again. Over $45 for 2 adults & 2 kids and I didn't order a side. Burgers & chicken sandwich were okay but it's pricey. For the $ there are better choices with table service.
4	I like their chicken sandwich and they have great shakes!
4	Burger joints that purport to be something special abound these days, and burgers are on the menu in many "fine" restaurants.  Is Smashburger any different?  I guess not.  Its menu is burgers.  You can pick the toppings.  They have french fries and sweet potato fries, shakes, drinks, and a few salads.But Smashburger has an edge on most of its competitors - the burgers themselves are juicy and tasty.  This may be because they use (they say) fresh meat, "smashed" to order.  Also a bit above average: the bacon, the fries, the courtesy of the order takers.  With no outstanding negatives to offset these, Smashburger moves up into the four star range, as compared to other burger joints.When will it all end?
5	Good solid and friendly service. The BiG Smashburger was delicious. Good comes out fresh and fast. The burger was juicy and one of the best around. The chocolate shake was sooooo good, I gave myself a brain freeze and it was worth every ounce of pain. Well played Smashburger...well played.
4	Received a BOGO coupon and decided to give Smashburger a try.  Still wondering how all these burger places manage to put a new spin on a burger - seems like every new opening is a NEW burger place here.  This location is in a new little strip mall at 101/FLW - it has about 5 food joints all lined up so take your pick - sushi, Vietnamese rice bowl, cupcakes, subs, burgers....   Smashburger is kind of a trendy smallish place, they take your order and deliver to your table in reuseable paper-lined wire baskets.  I tried the Classic Chicken sandwich.  I had no expectations but was really impressed - smashed flat chicken breast perfectly seasoned with the standard lettuce, tomato, onion on top.  Very fresh with a real lettuce leaf, not that shredded iceburg stuff.  Served on a whole-wheat bun.  He ordered a Classic cheeseburger that was juicy and well dressed, no complaints.  We split an order of fries - cooked to perfection.  So I can't say I tried the most inventive item on the menu, but I feel Smashburger delivered a very good meal.  Call me a new fan, I'll be back.
4	We hit this place up regularly for lunch and no complaints thus far.  They have regular coupons if you sign up for their mailing list - so that definitely cuts down on the "gourmet" burger pricing (especially if you use the BOGO one).  The staff is always friendly and moves through the sometimes hectic lunch lines pretty quickly considering there are only 2 registers to use.  Pros:- good burgers (it's a burger joint first and foremost, so don't go in expecting restaurant service or fancy pants ambiance)- chocolate shake is yum- good serviceCons:- a touch pricey, especially for a work lunch break (Use those coupons and go on a Friday as a treat for yourself!)- this location doesn't have the online ordering option which would be nice for a quick in-and-out if you are in a hurryOverall: A-   Go in with expectations of a burger joint that isn't trying to be McDonald's, but also isn't trying to be Ruth's Chris and you'll be good to go!
4	Smashburger is one of those places that I'd always wanted to try but just got around to it last week. There is a location close to my office so I grabbed some lunch for a couple of people. I picked up a couple of burgers and for myself got the Arizona Chicken burger with smash fries. It held up by the time I got to my office and sat down to eat. There is a lot of heat in this sandwich, which is what I was looking for so I was very pleased. I also really liked the smash fries, nice and crispy and nice seasoning. I'll definitely be back.
3	I much prefer the Smashburger at Desert Ridge.  This place needed a little bit of help.
5	Love this place and let me tell you why, not only is it because of the food-- It's the customer service I get at this place!!! It had been a while since I have been in and I mean months, Emily remembered my name and what I order! She IS the  definition of what customer service is. Yes I understand its hard remembering names and what each person orders. But no matter what she always has a smile on her face and talks the same way to each person! She is going to go far in life no matter where or what she ends up doing! Thank you! And thank you Smashburger for making excellent choices when you hire people. Now on to the food-The "Smash Fries" have rosemary and olive oil on them... they are a great change from your normal everyday fries.The Arizona Burger is really tasty, hot jalapenos piled high (I love this), habanero cheese, guacamole, lettuce, tomato, purple onion, chipotle mayo, all on a chipotle bun.Plus++++ if you join their club they send amazing coupons to you!
5	I really like this place for "fast" food without feeling like you are at a McDonalds. You order your food at the counter and pay there and they bring it to you at the table, but will come to your table again to see if they can get you anything else.I have been here many times now for dinner when I just wanted a quick, fairly inexpensive meal, and it is consistent and reliable. I have only had chicken sandwiches but each one has been great. I'm also told the burgers are good. I love the sweet potato fries. The milkshakes are also fantastic. They sell beer which is a nice plus over typical fast food places.
1	This place is not good and not worth the prices. I suggest you drive up the street to In-N-Out and save yourself some $$The burger menu is over hyped and Smashburger doesn't deliver. Please don't use truffle mayo and call the burger a truffle burger. You are not Umami.The buns here are soggy and gross, and the meat here is tasteless. Don't go here.
4	It's a great place for a burger. The meat is very good quality and the hamburger comes very well cooked and juicy. The ingredients are fresh and you have a lot of choices with the burgers and with chicken.I had the avocado and bacon burger and it was fantastic. The smash fries are wonderful with the rosemary and olive oil.Highly recommended if you're in the mood for a great burger or chicken sandwich.
2	Not a fan. The burger was greasy and the meat, flavorless. I opted for the Arizona, so the only saving grace were the semi-spicy toppings. The staff definitely doesn't look like they enjoy being there and as another yelper said, the decor reminds me more of a carwash than a burger joint. For the price it costs to go there I'd definitely recommend taking your money and driving to the In-n-out nearby. Heck for a few dollars more you can head over to Four Peaks and have a REALLY good burger.
5	I love this place! The Arizona burger is perfect! This is the burger joint that I bring my family and friends from out of town! I love the convenience of the location as well! Very yummy food! The smash fries are the best and a must order when you go! Once in a while I will treat myself to a shake but sometimes it is hard to resist! Also it is right across from the Camden #apartments that I live at so it is a great go to for a Burger night or quick lunch!Thumbs up Smashburger! #scottsdaleaz #scottsdalelife #camdenliving #camdenlegacy
5	Service at this Smashburger is outstanding and the food is great.  I had some service issues with another location and I have to give kudos to the customer service team at Smashburger.  They really showed they cared.  Keep up the great work.
1	I have to say that I've been to plenty of Smashburgers so I knew what to expect when I visited this location. Sadly, my family and I were really disappointed. First, we went to get our drinks while they cooked our food and the drink station was filthy. Not just dirty but FILTHY. Trash, dried soda and, here is the kicked, HAIR!!!!!!!! It was disgusting. I told an employee they may want to clean up the station in a kind manner but he was more annoyed than anything.Food was good but the chicken strips was a chicken breast cut into two pieces and deep fried, my daughter wouldn't touch it. Smash fries had NO seasoning on it and yes, we did ask if we got the right fries, they said yes. It was just a really bad experience and I hope if you read this Smashburger, you make sure to keep the drink station area clean and hair free.
5	Best Hamburgers and French fries in the area. It is clean and a friendly, great atmosphere. It is enjoyable every time I go there.  My most favorite place for a burger and fries.1
5	A yearning for a chargrilled burger led me to find Smashburger.  Although  not charcoal grilled, I ordered "The Classic" which turned out to be  one of the tastiest burger I have had in a while.  Served on a tray with themed paper, it was adorned with fresh lettuce, tomato, Smash-sauce, pickles, cheese,  and red onions sliced really thin.  Really juicy and tasty.  The regular fries I ordered were thin, crispy with a sprinkling of salt.  My granddaughter had the Smash-fries which were garnished with rosemary, garlic and olive oil. These were incredible.  I had to steal some away from her.  The service is quick and friendly---Pay first, find your table and then they find you.  The only negative was a nasty wasp annoying us since we sat outside on such a beautiful day.  All in all it is a great value for a great meal.  We will be back....
4	This is my favorite fast food burger spot around. They have some great healthier options like a multigrain bun, chicken sandwiches and salads. They easily have the best fries around too. Love the Smash fries and sweet potato fries. I just wish they stayed open a little later week nights.
5	Love smashburger! Great taste, great price, and great staff! Try the shakes if you never have, they're amazing. Try avoiding 12-1:30, parking is limited due to all the lunch spots. Other than that, this place rocks.
5	Actually surprised at how good my burger was here! Great service & free fries if you fill out the survey on your receipt.
4	We've been going to the smash burger for quite some time now when I meet my wife for lunch at work. The food is always prepared fresh and the people are friendly. They have both indoor and outdoor seating options. Burgers are nice and juicy, the toppings are very fresh. Milkshakes are handspun at the time you order them. For all of their sandwiches, you can either order one of their pre-designed burgers or chicken sandwiches, make custom tweaks to those, or completely build your own burger or chicken sandwich from the ground up with their nice selection of toppings and dressings. A personal favorite is the Smashburger with the chipotle mayo and the haystack onions on top. Usually my wife and I need to get our own burgers, and split an order of the smash fries. If we're feeling extra hungry we'll add on a milkshake as well. They bring the food out to your table once it has been prepared, and every now and then someone swings by to check on how you're doing, take away the plates, and fill your drink if needed. It's like a nice combination of fast food meets dine in restaurant.
4	Great location to get to, good service and very prompt with the food.Love the smash fries, bbq bacon burger with fried egg is delish. Try the oreo shake which is always a winner. The truffle mushroom burger is also a great choice. This is above the in n out burgers and is as good as the expensive gourmet burgers at half the price.Place is very clean and friendly.
4	Love ability to create my own smashburger, especially chicken sandwiches.  The fries are great too.
2	I was really disappointed with my burger. It's 5.99 for just the burger and it was made pretty poorly. The atmosphere there is pretty laid back but if your looking for a meal I don't recommend going here. Instead, you can go to a place like in n out burger and get a whole meal for the same price.
2	Very greasy food and if you want to have a heart attack, check out their calorie count on their burgers. Oh yeah you will have a heart attack after eating it.  This place seems to be very popular but has mediocre food.
1	Horrible service. After waiting 15 minutes in line, I ordered my food & sat down to wait. Before sitting down, I specify to the gentleman working the counter I wanted smash fries, opposed to regular fries. He acknowledged I said this & then yelled it to kitchen worker. I go to sit down, and they also tell me there's no bacon available for my bacon cheeseburger. I ask for a substitution or a refund of the dollar I spent on that bacon. Also requested a peice of lettuce because at this point my food had come out with regular fries. I Got neither, the young man avoided my table for the remainder of the evening & left unsatisfied and irritated. . I will NEVER eat at this mismanaged restaurant.
3	We were disappointed.  For our fast the burger was too juicy...but as a result of their cooking style.  This caused our hamburger bun to get soggy.  The serving of french fries was small.  The ambiance was nice.  But too expensive for the quality of food.
4	Always great for a burger fix. The Smashburger menu is limited, but grow the hair on your chest and customize it. Super Bonus, they have local beer!
1	Was so disappointed eating lunch here. The fries were soggy and way too greasy. Also, I ordered a Salted Caramel Shake, and it was brought to the table in a takeaway cup, even though we were eating in, and our food was on a metal plate. The cup was half full, and mostly made up of whipped cream. For $5, that's unacceptable! About 10 minutes later, we saw another customer receive their shake in a glass cup, WITH even more in a metal tin! What is going on with this place?! Consistency? The burger was nice, but overall it was a bad experience.
5	Black bean burger was delightful. Love the smash fries! Jared is such an awesome person! First time at this location and I was very satisfied. Super friendly, outgoing, and courteous.
5	1st time at this location. Very friendly people and nice too.  Great service and their manager is funny :D
5	This location is great. Very clean interior with friendly staff. The ordering process isa  little overwhelming at first (SO many choices), but our food came out deliciously. Their burgers are SO juicy and delicious. I love their smash fries w/ rosemary - unique and scrumptious. We also tried their fried pickles for the first time and I was really impressed with how tasty those were as well (not as greasy as you might expect). Prices are a little high for a burger at a fast food-ish type place, but I think it's well worth it. Would highly recommend!
4	Very enthusiastic employees, great service. I appreciate Smashburger for having gluten free buns. Their personal Smashburger ketchup isn't great, definitely not Heinz.
4	I love the menu at Smashburger because there are plenty of healthy options. And my wife loves that they offer a gluten free bun. Burgers are consistently good and the service is always great at this location. I have used Smash&Dash the last two times I was there. Order ahead on my phone, skip the line and then eat in or take it to go. Slick. Removing one star only because our order has been incorrect both times we used Smash&Dash.
1	The burgers are always greasy here and the staff is rude. They also kicked us out 10 minutes before close.
3	I wanted a burger the other day, decided to finally give Smash Burger a try. I went for the Arizona Big Burger. Guacamole, Jalapeno. Regular Smash Fries. Large drink. While the burger was nice and juicy, tasted very fresh.....I have to say the fries just weren't my style. Super thin and oily. I enjoyed the burger, but for the $12 I spent, there are just other places to go around here. While I didn't buy one, I have to say their Beer Prices were pretty ridiculous. $3.49 for a Can of Kilt-Lifter? $2.99 for a Can of Macro Domestic? C'mon. Then again I was in SnotsDale so I can't speak for the prices at other location. Will I go back? Maybe. Next time I will skip the fries and enjoy a better than average burger.
3	I get the Arizona burger with a black bean party. Its awesome but always falls apart when I eat it. Sweet pot fries are good. Do not order the veggie fries, they taste like they have been marinating in oil and are not crispy. I've never had a milkshake here but they look great and have a lot of flavors to choose from.
4	Better than in n out or jack. The staff is fast! Very friendly and always smiling. Thank you fuys for a great meal.
4	In one word... YUM!Have had a hard time finding a good burger since moving here. Have been 2 times now (sorry, neglected to write a review after time 1) and find it really tasty, considering it's made to order fast food.Burgers are juicy and tasty. I got the classic burger ('regular' size) both times. Their special sauce is yummy. Fries are really good, I always prefer shoe string so that made me happy. Get their special fries - I believe they are called Smash Fries - they truly are special and verrrry yummy!Service is good. Super nice folks working up front! We don't eat fast food (BK, McD, W types), this is way beyond that - food, quality, atmosphere, service, everything. Promise you won't be disappointed!
1	I am reviewing not on the food itself, because it's good, but rather the employees... Was not pleased to see an employee from the front, go to the back, put gloves on, then lift up his hat and scratch his head WITH the gloves on, then put the hat back on and NOT change his gloves while he continued to help the other cooks.....this is not the first time I have seen this either at this location.....regretfully, I will not be returning again....this is just completely unacceptable to me in food service, and quite frankly......disgusting.....:-((
