3	Nice spot to meet up wit frenz & chill out...They got the upstairs 4 folks 2 get loud...Family area downstairs, if U got the kids...Amy & I went 2 this joint & thru down a few beers...DAMN!!!  Took us a memorable glass home 2...Food is aight...I-candy, 4 sho...
4	Yes, it's a "theme" restaurant, but in my opinion the only thing that may appear theme-ish is the fact that they serve deep dish pizza, (which is quite tasty, by the way).I do not like beer, but for those who do enjoy the frosty beverage, they have several local and on-site drafts on tap. My boyfriend really enjoys their summer ale at the moment.They have a fairly extensive menu, which ranges from gourmet pizzas to pot roast to standard bar fare. The food is definitely good, but some items are a little on the expensive side. For example, a large chicken caesar salad will set you back $12 (it's decently portioned, but it's still chopped lettuce with some chicken). Conversely, the chicken parmigiana, which is absolutely delicious, is $12.99; but any average eater could easily get two meals out of it.The staff is nice and fairly attentive, but sometimes the service is a little slow, depending on if you sit in the bar or not and the time of day.I'd definitely recommend, but know you're probably going to throw down about $20 to get the full Chicago experience.
4	Great beer here, and a better atmosphere to boot.  I ventured out to this place and was quite impressed with the beer offerings that they had.  I had the Black Star Stout, the Hardway IPA and the All Nighter and all of them were stellar.  For dinner I had the Cajun pasta, which I would highly recommend to anyone.  The guy sitting next to me at the bar, who appeared to be a regular, told me the deep-dish pizzas here were stellar, but since I was a party of one I thought that a whole deep dish would be too much my waistline.  The rest of the menu appeared to be standard brewery fare with a solid selection of pastas, pizza, sandwiches, burgers and appetizers.The atmosphere of this place was kinda nice.  Downstairs had a enclosed smoking area bar (where I learned the bartenders can take your food order but not deliver it to your table due to smoking laws; they leave you food right outside the section, tell you it's ready and you have to get it yourself) complete with many TVs, and there was an upstairs section as well that had a Golden Tee machine and a cigar lounge.  There also was a normal dining area and a patio as well.Service in the smoking area of the bar was a bit slow, as the bartenders seemed a bit preoccupied by the girls at the end of the bar rather than my empty beer glass, but I can't really blame them too much since the girls were hot.Great food, great beer, great atmosphere.  Hit his place up if you are ever in the area.
4	Really good New York style pizza,better then their Chicago style in my opinion.
4	Try the Hefe!
2	Admittedly, 3pm on a Thursday afternoon may not be the ideal time to assess a brew house, but it's worth logging the experience nevertheless. While the atmosphere at the bar wasn't unfriendly, it wasn't friendly either. Nothing like, "be with you in moment" or "what can I get you", but rather a somewhat removed bartender going through the perfunctory motions of his job and getting to you when he was good and ready, although without malice or attitude. Beyond that, the place seemed generally cheerless with a scattered assortment of that discomforting and singularly Vegasian type of the damned you run into occasionally off the Strip, not quite consigned to the clear, uncontested merit of hell, but somehow more vague and less defined--purgatorial or limbo-esqu--half plowed, engaged in chain smoking and vapid, pointless, loud conversation, or even worse, simply voiding any meaningful existence, head down, playing countertop video poker machines. The beer was certainly decent and what food came out of the kitchen looked adequate (at best). As a friend noted hours later after we'd left and found ourselves five minutes into a visit to Big Dog's Brewery, "I already like this place a hundred times better than the Chicago Brewing Company." Woof.
4	I was in Sin City for an Allman Brothers show in Red Rocks Casino when I found this little gem.  Actually I always look for Brew pubs around any area I travel to and try to taste different beers.  I stopped in for lunch and some beers.  I sat at the bar positioning myself to see the Red Sox game.  There are plenty of big screens in this place and they have all the games.  The restaurant was divided between restaurant and bar, smoking was allowed in the bar but not in the restaurant.  This was a clean and cozy place which had an upstairs lounge,  The bar  had about 8-9 beers of their own beer on tap and I started off with the Ramblin Wreck amber ale.  This was a nice refreshing beer, ice cold and ran about 4.5% alcohol.  I then scoped the menu and quickly honed in the Filet Mignon Sliders, the thought of fillet sliders made me forget about the other things on the menu although I did see  Cheese Knots on the appetizer menu.......hmmm.  So, I ordered the sliders and my next beer reluctantly passing on the garlic-cheese knots(next time....).  Being a "hop-head", I ordered the Hard Play IPA.  Though not as strong as I thought, this beer had plenty of hops.Being a Sunday afternoon, there were several locals playing video poker at the bar and some just getting plastered on Jaeger bombs at 1:30 in the afternoon.  After the barkeep carded and shooed away two under aged kids, he brought out my trio of goodness.  There sat in front of me three sliders made from fillet mignon loin, grilled onions and mushrooms served with au jus.  So I started to dig in, man what an experience and guess what I had three of these little morsels to satisfy me.  Too bad I was pressed for time or else I would have tried more of their beers.  This is a good place to hang out and the service was great.  I would definitely stagger back in here, even though it's about 11 miles from the stip.  In fact I might just drag the Buffet Boys to this place next month, when we take over Vegas.  Look for Buffet Boys invade Vegas.........................Oh yeah, the concert that's another story..............
4	Every time I come to Vegas, I make it a point to grab lunch here! There pizza is top notch, the brews are cold and delicious and the service is usually awesome! The last couple of times I've gone, the bartender/server was a younger guy that was happy to help, knowledgeable and even cut my cigar for me when I left! I totally recommend grabbing a pie and brew here, and try the wings as well! Worth the trip, every time!
5	I used to live across the street from this place so I ate there quite often. Beer is pretty good but I'd have to say the food is what sets this place apart from other breweries anywhere. I live in the bay area now and theres nothing like this out here sadly :(.I have to say, this place has the best Ruben sandwich I've ever had in my life. You seriously need to try it.
5	I thought I was coming back to update my review.. just to find out I hadnt reviewd this place, what?!Its a small spot but very comfy sofas and a few TVs to watch sports, excellent beer and even better chicken wings (they are enormous and delicious)My own little secret corner @ the 4 queens....ah!
2	Stick to the beer and pizza and you'll be fine.  I've had most of their beers and they are very good.  I like the amber beer in particular.  The pizzas that I've had are good, although, I have to wonder what they mean by thin crust, Chicago pizza.  I don't think the menu writer has been to Chicago.  As to the idea of eating anything other than the pizza, forget it.On a recent trip to Chicago Brewing, we got the steak sandwich and the Huli chicken sandwich.  The steak sandwich comes on a large roll with the steak inside smothered in some sort of mayonnaise based glop.  You would have to unhinge your jaw to take a bite.  No problem though, the greasy stuff they coat the steak with acts as a lubricant and with only a slight tilt, the top slides right off.  After I scraped off as much of the oily mess as possible, I took my first bite. I found the meat sufficiently tough that it would take a school of Piranhas about a week to consume.  Resorting to a knife, I chiseled my way to a second bite only to discover I was eating a solid piece of gristle.  Disgusting.  My waitress agreed and I was spared paying for this tribute to the lowest consumable grade of meat the USDA permits restaurants to legally serve. Then there was the Chicken sandwich.  It was so dry that I do not believe it could have been served in a place where smoking is permitted due to the imminent fire hazard posed by the flammable material found in the bun.  The skin on the chicken could not be pierced by anything short of an industrial laser, although,  I'm certain that any Texan would love to have a pair of boots made of this stuff.  Eating it, however, is out of the question.Go to Chicago Brewing for beer and pizza and avoid getting too adventurous when ordering from the menu.
4	Great looking brewery from the outside and inside. Went for their graveyard happy hour and was extremely impressed with both the micro brews and the price points of $2.50 for a 22oz :0. Great service even though they were slammed. Awesome all the way around.
2	Stopped by here for a quick dinner on a late Sunday night. They have a midnight menu that starts at 11pm and happy hour that starts at 10pm. Their menu is limited to pizza, sandwhichs, typical bar food. We didn't order the pizza or beer because we just had it for lunch. I had the chili, my bf ordered the pastrami sandwhich which was just ok but I didnt like the bread it came on. He also had a side of mac and cheese that looked like it was kraft from the box. I could of made that for 25cents. The only cool thing I thought they had was chicken wings or tenders with ghostpeppers. It is supposedly the hottest pepper on the planet? Its pretty expensive too, $14 for 4 tenders or 6 wings. Since no one in our group wanted to eat it for a challenge we ordered the tenders and each took one. I think we all had about 1 bite and immediately needed a jug of water and glasses of milk. It was SPICY!!If you ever have friends to want to take a challenge, Chicago's ghostpepper chicken wings are the place to go for it.
4	The second floor is a great place to watch sports!
4	This is another spot in Vegas that my wife and I frequented often. During the week their happy hour is great, with a 22 oz. tall beer for $4. The staff has always been friendly, though there seemed to be a lot of turnover the last time we were there.While we always sat on their back patio, they do have a large inside, a smoking bar section, and an upstairs for private parties and events.
2	Had a craving for potato skins, so went here before a movie at Red Rock.  To my surprise, was told they changed their menu and no longer make them.  What's up with that?  They didnt bother to change their online menu and that's the only reason i went.  Since we were already there, had the trio of filet mignon sliders served with au jus which were tender and actually good.  Also had their onion rings, good but not as yummy as fleming's stack.  Also ordered their chicken quesadilla.  Yuck, made with overgrown dried out triangular crackers.  Tried their light beer they brew themselves.  Not impressed.  The highlight of the whole dining experience was seeing the girl next to us win 800 bucks at keno, of all things!
5	this place has always been good to us, we frequent this bar during happy hour with largish groups and they always take good care of us,  the beer is good, the food is good. Try the 6lb hamburger when you are there, for 20 bucks it could feed 10 people.
1	I definitely won't be returning here. My wife and I are new to town and wanted to start checking out the "local" scene! We were recommended to this place, and let's just say we won't be returning. The service was painfully slow and they weren't even busy. We ended up deciding to just share an appetizer, so we got chicken wings. I enjoy sauce, my wife does not, so I asked to get the BBQ on the side. They wanted to charge extra to put it on the side, the same sauce they would have put ON it. We both got one drink, the one appetizer, and ended up spending almost $30 on just three items. We will be going else where from now on.
3	The beers are extremely well done. Would definitely return and sample more of the lineup. They could put a little more effort into the pizza, kind of a half-hearted attempt at Chicago-style. It wasn't bad and I would eat it again but it's not anything I'd get excited about and I can get excited about deep dish.
3	So last night 13 Biking Las Vegas crew members assembled at the CBC for a birthday celebration.  Ample parking in a well lit lot.   There is a bar when you first enter so you get a whiff of cigarette smoke, but it's not too bad.  Just noticeable.  The Hostess was nice.  We were seated and as our group grew, they were very accommodating bringing an additional table and chairs without any indications of hardship.  It was like you were family.  Alex was our Rock Star Waitress.  Funny, outgoing, fun, gracious and kind.  Beers came out cold, Alex was seamlessly attentive.  Never made us feel like she was trying too hard; know what I mean?  Anyway, we never felt like we waited too long for anything and she and her team managed our big group with the smoothness of a well tuned and oiled machine.We did not order appetizers and got right down to business.  There were a lot of salads consumed tonight.  Go figure, eating with a group of cyclists.  I had the Ahi Tuna Salad.  It was big and I was full when I finished.   It was comprised of about 6 ounces of seared Ahi on top of a bed of baby greens, daikon sprouts, crushed cashews, colorful yellow and red pear tomatoes.  It was supposed to have a wasabi plum dressing, but what I got was more teriyaki based.  It was okay.  A little salty.  They poured the dressing for me.  Gratefully it was not a heavy pour. No one complained, plates were cleaned, and they brought out two desserts for the birthday boy...to share.  Deep Fried cheesecake and a chocolate lava cake.  They were both delicious. I wasn't blown away, but I'd come back to try some of the other items on the menu.  It's clean and Alex was the Bomb.
4	I've only come to Chicago Brewing Company twice, and both times were because of their awesome happy hour.  Happy Hour goes from 5:00pm-7:00pm and 10:00pm-12:00am daily.  You can get a pitcher of beer for $6.00; you can get pints and so forth with happy hour prices, but $6.00 pitchers have won my heart.  My two favorite brews at the moment are the All Nighter and the Weisenheimer.  Also notable are their chicken tenders on the happy hour menu, which is $6.00 and includes around 8-10 pieces of chicken.  Sauce options are mild, medium, hot, BBQ and I think maybe one more option; chicken is served with ranch and a celery/coleslaw hybrid kind of salad that I'm not too crazy about.  I'd rather have plain celery sticks.I would say that if I'm ever in the area during happy hour, I would recommend going to this bar.  But that would be a lie, since this past Friday my friends and I were on Fremont Street and I STILL recommended this place for happy hour.  I'd like to try more food from the place before I give a full 5 stars, so stay tuned for an updated review in the future.
4	Although I live right across the street from this place, I don't eat there often.  This time I enjoyed it.  The baked ziti deep dish was a treat!  They take ziti, mozzarella, parmesan and fine marinara sauce and bake it right in to a deep dish pizza crust!  Fantastic.  The salad was good.  I got a beer but found it too warm.  I asked the server to make it colder so she brought a frozen mug to pour it in.  Didn't help much.  For $4 I would have preferred her bringing me a newer colder one.
4	The four stars are for the beer. Mr Cormier is a true craftsmen. The wife and I thought the food was unremarkable and somewhat bland. the service was fine.
2	Price for 1 cup of milk: $1Price for ghost chili pepper wings: $15Price of seeing a big guy being brought to his knees, getting into a fetal position on the floor, and crying like a baby after one bite of the ghost chili pepper wings and then writing about it on Yelp even though it didn't really happen so people will vote this review as funny.: Priceless!For everything else you have Yelp.@ Chips + Salsa / Beer Cheese - The salsa was just okay. The beer cheese just really didn't work. It just drowned a good portion of the cheese, minus all the fat that goes along with the cheese. You might as well pour oil into some beer and dip it in that. Thats essentially what you're getting.@ Calamari - This was one of the saving grace of the night. Very delicious and crispy. The scores would be a lot different if this was the only dish I was rating, but it isn't.@ Filet Mignon Sliders - Absolutely disastrous. I asked for medium rare, one of the 3 sliders was overcooked. The taste department was so dry, flavorless, and uninspired. The onions and mushrooms did nothing for this dish. I had to add barbecue sauce to a filet to make it not suck! When you have to do that, that just tells you how bad this dish is. The bread looks like it just came from a 20-pack at Costco . Not even warmed up or anything special done to it. Slider Truck is where its at for sliders. @ Olive Deep Dish Pizza - This just wasn't that good. Deep dish is suppose to be packed full of flavors. This was like eating bread dipped in ketchup and olives, flavorless and boring. @ BBQ Chicken Pizza - Some redemption. This did carry some good flavors and was good. I've had better BBQ Chicken Pizza before, but this  at least saved this place from getting a 1 star. @ Ghost Chili Tenders - Ghost chills is the hottest peppers in the world, period. I didn't try it because I'm really sensitive to any kind of spicy food. Our group did try it and it wasn't that bad for many. The worst effect is some numbness that lasted 10 minutes. But with a little milk and time, everyone was okay. Not like the oh em gee I can't open my mouth or eyes.The reason for coming to this place was solely for our group to try the ghost chili. The menu is dull and uninspiring, its your typical bar food, and not even that good. Our waitress was very friendly. She was really attentive and personal. Nothing more you can ask from a waitress. However, food did come out kind of slow taking around 35 minutes for our food to come out. This place does take Restauraunt.com certificates, which could make a group meal cheaper. Double check to make sure the Happy Hour Deals aren't cheaper.I wouldn't come here for the food again. If someone wanted to try the ghost chili, this would be the place to go. A great staff can only make bad food go so far.
5	Never eaten here but the beer is some of the best. The Saison is to die for!
5	This place is my favorite bar in Vegas.  Enough said.
4	Took a trip to my hometown of Las Vegas and made a special trip to CBC. I've always loved this place. The bartenders are hilarious and the beers delicious. Black star stout is really good. Reaaalllyyy good. I had the BBQ chicken pizza and it was nice. Like many others, I cannot stand behind the food here. But the beer and service are worth every penny. Special thanks to bartenders Seth and Adriana for keeping us entertained and our glasses full on this last trip.
3	Been to Chicago Brewing Company 3 times. Really like the beer but the food has been average. First time, I had clams that were all but flavorless, but my next two meals (blackened chicken quesadillas and then a bbq burger) were better. Still nothing more than you would expect from pub fare.I've tried most of their beers and they have been consistently good. Of particular note are the Ramblin' Reck Amber Ale, the I.P.A. and the Black Star Stout. Last two times there, the seasonal was a rather nice version of a Belgian Dubbel.
4	Lots of reviews for Chicago Brewing Company, so I will stick just with the highlights. First, we had the deep dish veggie pizza. Probably one of the single best pizzas either of us have ever had. The veggies were cooked to perfection, and you could taste them. They were not just limp pieces taking up space. The sauce was nice and tangy, and the cheese was perfect. Not too much, but just enough to compliment the veggies. The crust was very crunchy and very buttery. I've only had better deep dish crust in Chicago. Second, the beer. Overall the quality of beer was great. I've had CBC beers before at Lee's Beer Experience, but never at the restaurant. They do taste different when you are on site and they are the only beer you are drinking. I had the sample for $9 (which was a good deal, better than chain samplers). My faves (already mentioned here) where the Ramblin' Reck (Red Ale) and Old Town Brown (nut brown ale). The Old Town Brown was one of the best nut browns I've ever had, and I've had a lot because it is my favorite style of ale. Third, this is the only "microbrewery" I've been to Las Vegas that actually has the feel of a brew pub. Unlike other "brew pubs" in Las Vegas and the lower West Coast in general, this place screams brew pub. I felt like I could have been at a brew pub in a place like Denver or Boston (minus the Chicago aspects). Fourth, the prices. We didn't do Happy Hour, but as others mentioned the prices are great. Additionally, the regular prices of beer is not bad at all noting that you can't get a beer half as good for less at other bars in town. I am happy that this place isn't too far away, because while I would go back for the food, the locally crafted beer is better than I could find most places in town.
4	Went here on a Wednesday evening to hit up the 5-7PM Happy Hour (5-7PM and 10-midnight, I do believe).  Parking lot was crowded, but the place was not.  Busy, but not like we expected from the lot.Sat in the downstairs bar area, and got a table no problem.  Great service.  Our waiter kept checking on us, even though we took our sweet time looking over the menu.  Settled on an all Happy Hour fair.The beer ($6 pitcher):  We got the All-Nighter first.  It was good.  A nice, light blonde.  As expected.  Round 2 was the seasonal All-Nighter (Sommerbrau, maybe?).  This one was better.  Definitely worthy of my ordering it the next visit.The food (prices guesstimate, from what I THINK I remember):  They had Chicken Fingers ($5- mild, hot, bbq, teryaki), Chili Cheese Fries ($4), Spinach Artichoke Dip ($6), 10-inch thin cheese pizza ($5), and there was one other item, but I can't think of what it was.  We had the Mild Chicken Fingers (pretty tasty, and plentiful), Spinach Artichoke Dip with tortilla chips (good, have had better, but have had worse), and the cheese pizza (filled the void, but probably wouldn't order again).Overall:  $30 total (incl. tip) for 2 people, 2 pitchers, 3 apps, all HH items.  Will be back for more.  Next time, I'm thinking we'll try the 10LB burger though.  Sounds yummy!  And as we left, we peaked our heads upstairs and will probably look to sit up there the next time, as the couches were full but the tables were empty.  I would just question the amount of service attention we'd get up there.
4	I'm giving this place four solid stars. My friend and I ate here during happy hour after seeing a movie at Red Rock. We stuck with the HH menu - some Garlic Knots, Chicken Tenders, and of course, their draught beer. The knots were delicious and definitely a HH crowd pleaser. The chicken was pretty good; they were tender fingers, but even though we ordered them hot, I could almost detect no spiciness.To wash down the food, I had a Blonde Ale, while my friend started with their Hardway IPA and then switched to the Blonde Ale. I found the Blonde Ale to be quite tasty. At $2.50 for 22oz, it's definitely a steal. I tried a sample of the IPA and it tasted like a solid IPA! I wasn't in the mood for something that hoppy, but I can see myself ordering it next time. I also had a sample of their blueberry and vanilla wheat. I'm glad I did the sample first because it wasn't something of which I'd want a whole glass. It reminded me of another beer I've tried in the past that tastes like Fruity Pebbles!What I truly appreciated about our visit today was the service that John provided us. It was just the little things he did to make sure we were happy. After all, it was happy hour. For example, when my friend ordered the IPA, he warned that it might be getting towards the bottom of the barrel, so he brought out a sample first. He also suggested that I get a sample of the blueberry and vanilla wheat first because other people have found it to be too strong in its fruitiness. I was actually going to ask for a sample, but he suggested it ahead of me. (And I'm really glad because I ended up not ordering it). He was also mindful of the fact that we were there for happy hour. He offered and came through by warning us when happy hour was almost over.I can't speak for their entire menu, but this place is certainly on my list of good happy hours. Oh wait, I need to update my list! It's a little out of my way, but I will definitely return if I'm in the area, especially since I've now decided to see all my films at Red Rock.
3	Since this is a brewing company, I had to try the beer. The best way I thought was to go with the sampler... It comes with 9 (i'm not sure, I stopped counting after the first buzz kicked in!).. Out of the beers, I enjoyed the seasonal beer which was the blueberry vanilla. Guess it's cause I like fruity. I don't usually like dark brews but I enjoyed the black star stout. Had a very yummy coffee taste to it. The other beers I didn't really care for.. and actually some had a really really bitter to it. (Yes, I know beer is suppose to taste bitter but I didn't care for these). The food was good. Nothing I'd actually really crave again. The chili cheese fries were good.. reminded me of an upgrade weinersnitchel  chili cheese fries. I liked that they used thin fries instead of a thick cut. I don't like blue cheese but it went well with my sliders. The carmelized onions added a nice sweetness to it...And there you have it, my review of chicago brewing company.
4	Another excellent place to find craft beer in Vegas along with some pretty good food.  With the recent addition of their Hardway IPA, they have gave me a reason to visit more often.This location offers a nice variety of seating, dining area, bar, upper level lounge.  Good deal on beers during happy hour, off the beaten path, in Summerlin.
4	I've now had my return visit to CBC and it is definitely a 4 star for the food. We went with another deep dish pizza and also had chips and salsa as we had a friend with us. The veggies on the Lakeshore Veggie are cooked perfectly (we get it without mushrooms because I can't stomach the fungi). The crust is crunchy a buttery, the sauce tangy but not overpowering. The chips and salsa (plus beer cheese dip) were also good. I loved the chips and the salsa. The cheese beer dip was sweet. I don't know what that was about, I don't know what beer they used, but it just didn't taste right. I could have eaten more chips, but thank goodness the pizza came out just in time.I also had a full mug of the Ramblin' Reck Red. It was quite delicious. I bit more carbonation than other reds I've had, but still a nice malty flavor. I would have considered a 5 star, but our service just wasn't good. It was dinner time and happy hour so CBC was hopping. Our server was working tables inside and outside. We kind of got the shaft. He was very apologetic, which was nice, but not fun. I am looking forward to my next time so I can have some more beer.
4	Chicago Brew Co. has become our neighborhood bar over the past five years we have been going there.I am not a HUGE fan of their food but I can tell you that their Spinach Artichoke Dip is KILLER and if you catch Happy Hour, you can get it for a helluva deal at $4 or so.Their Happy Hour in general has a lot to do with why this is one of my favorite bars. They have traditional happy hour along with a reverse happy hour that starts at 10 and is good in the Beer Garden (fantastic outdoor patio with stringed lights) and the Loft (located upstairs and where you can find me a majority of the time). Their (tasty) brewed-in-house beer is 1/2 off and I think it's $1 off wine and well drinks, too. The atmosphere and staff of this bar is what got them the "Yay! I'm a fan" rating from me. Everyone is super friendly and it's one bar that doesn't feel like your run-of-the-mill PT's thanks to The Loft and the Beer Garden. My only complaint is they recently got rid of their Big Buck Hunter game machine. This may sound ridic but a girl's gotta hunt.
4	I have to talk about the beer I fell in love with initially: the stout of order. Now if your a Guinness lover, like me, this little number will have the similar joy that it brings but with a bigger coffee kick that lingers at the end. Oh buddy!As for food, my boyfriend and I got a garlic, mushroom and spinach deep dish pizza that included roasted tomatoes which pulled the entire pizza together. I would love to high five to creater of the amazing sauce and crust that went into this pizza. Its as if the pizza Gods came and just delivered this piece of heaven to my neighborhood brewery. And its crazy to think that I've been living in this area for years and never thought to stop in. Count me in as a regular!
3	This was not our first visit, but it pretty much sums up the others.  Last time we sat at the bar, but this time in the dining room.  It's pretty, all brick, high ceilings, nice circular booths and also tables.  The service was excellent.  I ordered a glass of wine and was happy to learn that it was not overpriced.  My husband had the brown ale, and he reports that it's very good.Our server had to return numerous times, because it takes me forever to figure out what I want to eat, but he never displayed any impatience.  I finally decided on a burger with avocado, and my husband orderd the Chicken Piccata special ($10 - such a deal!), and the Split Pea Soup special.He liked his chicken a lot.  It was a good-sized portion of chicken, and came with green beans and fresh red-skinned mashed.  The soup was good, too - a large-sized bowl with thick pea soup.  I tasted it and, as usual, it was way too salty for my taste, but he doesn't care about that.My burger arrived on a huge bun, with the avocado, lettuce and tomato.  The tomato was a slice of completely white tomato CORE.  I asked the waitress who delivered it to bring me a slice of real tomato, and she promptly delivered a whole plate of red, sliced tomato.The burger was big, and is supposed to be Angus, but it was dry, somewhat overcooked, and definitely not flavorful.  Instead of fries, I ordered a side salad.  The waiter had said I could substitute the salad for the fries, but he didn't say there'd be a $3 extra charge.  I didn't make a fuss when we got the bill because a) we had a $25 restaurant.com certificate, and b) the salad was absolutely huge, a composed salad of greens, iceberg, carrots, chickpeas, tomato, cucumber, olives, and croutons.  I gave half of it to my husband and still had enough to fill me up before the burger arrived.I like this place:  great atmosphere, great service, and if the food were a tad better, I'd ramp up my rating.  But we'll be back.
4	My wife and I recently visited this place after driving by it a couple of times while running errands. The huge Chicago sign outside of the attractive building is what drew our attention to it... then, of course, discovering that it was a nearby microbrew, well, how could we resist?I love microbrews... and I enjoy trying them out from the different regions of the country. When we first sat down, we were greeted by a very knowledgeable waitress who helped us through the beer menu. We started our evening with the nine-beer sampler for $9. This gave us a chance to warm up to all of the local offerings. After working our way through them all, my wife and I both chose our favorites.Next came the food. We ordered the spinach and artichoke appetizer. Sure, you've had this in other places, like your neighborhood chain restaurants, but this one takes the cake. It was a huge portion and the flavor was nothing short of spectacular. If you like spinach and artichoke, this appetizer must be on your list of things to get here.We then looked over the good-sized menu. There was a decent amount of things to choose from, but given the name of the place, we were immediately drawn to the deep dish pizza. I mean, with a name like "Chicago" how can we go wrong with deep dish pizza?We chose correctly!The deep dish pizza was some of the best I have had, and unlike other places that specialize in this style of pizza, it arrived to the table a little faster than I expected, which gave it a little time to cool down, which was good, because it was piping hot when the waitress arrived with it.The dough was perfect. The cheese was real and it was perfect. The sauce was homemade - and one of several you could choose from - and the pepperoni was spicy and plentiful. Definitely a good choice if you like deep dish.We finished our food, drank our beers and the waitress cleaned out the pint glasses - which had the restaurant's logo on them - and we got to take them home with us.If you're in this area of Las Vegas and you have a little time, I strongly recommend visiting this place... it'll fill you up and it won't set you back a whole lot of money either.
3	DISCLAIMER: BEER AND SERVICE REVIEW ONLY!I dropped by here and caught a bit of Monday Night Football in the upstairs sports bar area.The bartender hooked me up with some samples and I ended up enjoying a hefeweizen (although they call it something else) and a stout.I preferred the hefeweizen to the stout. It had a nice finish.Service was fine, nothing special.  That is all.
4	Bar area tends to be smoky, but the patio is a great atmosphere and always good times.
4	I finally decided to go after passing it for quite a while and am happy I did!  I arrived quite early for breakfast so I sat in the down stairs bar area.  I ordered a regular breakfast(eggs, bacon, potatos) and started some small talk with the bartender when she mentioned to me about their blueberry-vanilla beer.  WOW!   Love it!  So refreshing and fruity!  I plan on going back for more!  You will see more check-ins here by me!  Service is friendly and quick!
5	This place is what makes me love living in Las Vegas. Chicago's has a large menu so take your time when choosing. The buffalo wings are amazing with a slight vinegar twang and not too hot. The deep dish pizza is completely customizable, I recommend layering your pizza CHEESE FIRST, sauce, pepperoni, extra cheese, and extra sauce. Pot roast, when it is available, is probably the closest to homemade you can get. Lastly, I recommend the in-house brewed root beer: it has a sweet, vanilla, molasses taste. Simply awesomeness.Chicago's is open 24/7 and the menu differs constantly so make sure you familiarize yourself. BUT the wings are available all the time, FTW.The service is always friendly, knowledgeable about their brews, and (forgive me for saying) very easy on the eyes.The beer review section: I suggest everyone to try the sampler then pick their favorite. The Old Town Ale and Hawaiian Honey are personal favorites. All the beers a distinctly different taste. I do usually prefer a dark ale (Guinness drinker) but Hawaiian Honey is the first light ale I've enjoyed in the at least 7 years.I will definitely suggest this to EVERYONE that visits Las Vegas. A little trip off of the strip will definitely do you good.
3	CBC is pretty solid as brewery/restaurants go, but nothing special. Though, as far as micro breweries in Las Vegas, it's the best I've tried. The beer selection is decent but nothing I tried struck me as special. And isn't that the point of brewing your own beer? To be different than all the other guys? The food is typical brewery fare, comfort food, pizza, and a lot of fried stuff. The service is quick and friendly, and the prices are reasonable.
3	BABY DON'T YA WANNA GO?  Sweet Home Chicago!As a born and bred Chicagoan, I was really excited when I first  saw the glowing 'CHICAGO" shining on to Fort Apache.  I've been several times since then and always come to the same conclusion:Awesome variety, average food, good beer.This menu has something for everyone.  They have wild game burgers such as Alligator and Elk, deep dish pizza, and a lot of standard fare.  What has got me buzzing since my last visit though was the Ghost Burger.For those of you who have ever watched the TV show Man Vs. Food, you know all too well about the hauntingly hot ghost chili, but have you ever tried it?  A lover of all things hot, I was thrilled to learn that Chicago Brewing Company had several items on the menu featuring the ghost chili.  I have a good tolerance for heat, but let me tell you that the ghost chili is the REAL DEAL!  After my first bite, my mouth was an inferno of pain, my face began to sweat, and I couldn't reach for my mug fast enough.  I struggled to get through all the burger, but did it. It was an experience I'm happy to have had, and would never relive.  Expand your horizons, and taste some fire!Bottom Line:  Great selection on the menu and good beer make this brewery a great destination for happy hours and group gatherings.
5	Had some time to kill, so I stopped in here to grab a bite to eat and watch the Cowboys vs Eagles Sunday night football game.  It has been over 5 yrs since I last visited this place and have heard a lot of good things about it, so I figured it was time.  I'm glad I did!The waiter brought over the menu and as I turned through each page I got more and more excited......2 pages dedicated to Sliders, what?!!  I love Sliders!  Yes, it's true....two whole pages (see pics).  One page has exotic style sliders....ie Alligator, etc.  The other page has some unique ones.....I decided on getting a 6-pack ($15) which allows you to select 2 styles of Sliders.  I chose the Black and Blue (Black Angus w/Cajun Spices, Blue Cheese Crumbles, Caramelized Onions, & Chipotle Mayo)  and the Chicken Cordon Bleu (Grilled Chicken, Honey Baked Ham, Swiss Cheese & Honey Mustard Sauce).  However, I was extremely curious about the Ghost Sliders, which has Ghost Sauce, made from the world's hottest pepper....the Ghost Pepper.  Plus there's an entire 1/2 page on the menu dedicated to items prepared with Ghost Pepper!As most of my friends know, I love spicy food.....but have never tried anything with Ghost Pepper before.  As a reference point, Habanero Peppers are 350,000 on the Scoville Scale, which measures spiceness.  Ghost Pepper registers 1,000,000+ on the Scoville Scale!I asked the waiter if I could have a side of the Ghost Sauce so I could try it out.  He said sure.....however, he didn't tell me I'd get charged an extra $1 for that....which kind of irks me.  Keep that in mind if you decide to order a side of it.To wash it down, I had a Hardway IPA ($3)....that's right $3 for a 20 oz glass!After a few minutes the 6-pack of Sliders came out as well as the Ghost Sauce.  I wanted to try the Ghost Sauce before the food, so I took a toothpick and dipped the tip into the Sauce.....it burned the hell out of my tongue!  That is seriously H-O-T!  It's no joke!  But that's what I enjoy!So....I took a Chicken Cordon Bleu Slider and dipped a little Ghost Sauce on it and took a bite.....yum!  It was great!  Perfect proportion of Ham & Chicken.....they complimented each other well.  The Bun was soft and fresh.....again, perfect.  Next I tried the Black and Bleu Slider.....it was just as good.  Although I could have had it without the Red Onion....I'm not a fan of grilled Red Onions...oh well, next time I get them without it.I'm glad I ordered the IPA because I needed it to put the 5 alarm fire out in my mouth.  I also ordered a glass of Blueberry Vanilla Wheat ($2) after I was done with the IPA....it was also very good and cheap!  Can't get over how cheap the Beer was!Overall, it was an awesome experience.  Good food, good Beer, and I lost my Ghost Pepper virginity!Other things worth mentioning.....there's a 7 lb Burger challenge, yes 7 LBS!  If you can eat it in less than 12 min and change, then you get it named after you.  Believe it or not, it's been done before.  No way I could do that!Will I return?  As the Macho Man Randy Savage would say......Oh Hell Ya!
4	I've had a restaurant.com GC for Chicago Brewery for about 6 months as I knew Id eventually find myself hungry in the middle of the night. Last night was that night.They had only their late night menu available, but there were plenty of options available.  My girlfriend and I ordered the filet mignon sliders, garlic knots, and chicken fingers. All were well above average, but not amazing enough to come back exclusively for.  We didn't get to try the pizza because of the late night menu, but I remember it being pretty darn good.We also had the beer sampler... I'm not much of a beer drinker but all their beers were pretty good. The sampler was more than enough beer for the both of us.
3	Beer is pretty good priced, and pretty good quality. Service was disappointing. Food was late. Iced tea cups only refilled once, and then only half-way. I guess it was a bad day for the team at Chicago Brewing Company. The three stars are because the price was modest, the quality (of the beer especially) exceeds the price point, and happy hour is good.Irish Nachos (see below) were tasty and good quality. Also had Chicken Wings, Hot. Good quality bird. Tried the all-meats deep dish. Good quality pie.Pecular recipe for "Irish Nachos", although very tasty. These particular "Irish Nachos" are served with deep-fried, twice-deep-fried chips...which in my mind makes them regular nachos with a flair. Irish nachos are supposed to be served with "potatoes" which makes them "Irish". Any of a dozen websites indicate potatoes as the main ingredient of "Irish Nachos"...not chips. But the food really was tasty!  Nice location. I expect this place to stay in business for decades.
4	Good price, good happy hour, good beer. good location...underskilled or mishappen circumstances in some cases. Look, this place gets props for trying really hard... I mean "Big Big Beat", "Little Bottle" props. Don't get the reference? Check it out on YouTube.Anyway, I went there twice in one week recently because they deserve patronage and they have really good beer. On special that night was Steak Diane, a real sexy hunka cow with erotic sauce and a little bit-o-"I Luv U" thrown in for good measure. Only problem was, I ordered it blood rare. I told my server (Joe, great guy!) "Get it? Still kicking. Barely warm. Just slaughtered. Blood Rare". Joe understood. I don't think the chef did. Served Medium to Medium-well.I sent it back. Yes, forty dollars worth of meat and I sent it back. Do it again. Joe was bang on with the iced tea refills, and I noticed there was a huge level of concentration going on everywhere, including the kitchen (which I observed from my booth). They try hard, they redid my forty dollar hunka cow with the erotic flavors, and they deserve patronage. Good Blondie and Clyde dessert. Out-STAND-ing IPA. Frack me, the IPA was good.
5	The flavored beer is awsome! Especially with cheese knots. They have a 7 lbs burger on the menu as well for $20
4	Tonight I am having the Buffalo Mozzerella Salad for appetizer and BBQ Chicken Pizza for my main entre.The salad was not bad.  I could have used more mozzarella and tomato.  Balsamic vinagarett was a reduction, I think.  Whatever it was, it was very good.  I shared it with my dinner mate.The BBQ Pizza is amazing.  I like my BBQ sause sweet and the sause fitsthw bill. Everything is fresh and made to order.  The only hint I ammnot understaning is why thy pit corn on it.  I ordered it without the corn as I could not imagine it with corn.  The deep dish crust is amazing.  It is doughy and chewy and tastes great just like I like it.Im conclusion, it was a great night with great food and great company.  You should have a good time.Ps, they have beer to.
4	The food is standard, nothing special, but they do offer good portions for the price. What makes this place great is they offer many different options for seating, there's a place for everyone.Oh, and the micro-brew selection is pretty god, especially if consider the happy-hour special is a 100 ounce tower for a mere $10.
3	I read some great reviews several months back and but it on my backburner to try.  Looking in the most recent reviews today I should have checked out the place sooner.  Really, a borderline 3 for this place.We got there on a Friday night and it was a bit packed.  Decor is nice, dark, lots of brick.  Liked seeing the huge vats for their in house microbrews, real plus.  But really folks, does it take you 10 minutes to acknowledge that we might need a place to sit?  Naughty, naughty you hostess you!  On a Friday night you know business will pick up so be on the ready!After finally getting seated we were greeted by our server.  Nice guy.  Told him we had never been there before so he showed us the menu and told us about their house microbrews and some of his favorites.  I told him I like dark beers like Guiness but I also don't mind a more medium brew like a Newcastle.  He told me I should have both!  His suggestion: 1/2 of their Old Town Brown and 1/2 of their Black Star Stout!  Also known in many places as a Black and Tan!  At $5 for a 22 oz. glass how could I go wrong?  Turned out to be a great choice, malty beer with chocolate notes, and a light bitter finish.  Fantastic!I get around to looking into the menu and behold what do I see?  Chicago's master brewer...is a Filipino!  Graduate from UNLV no less!  That's it...go Filipino go!  Nice job Mr. Pascual on making some killer beer!  Makin' our Asian community strong, one person at a time.  Glad he got a page for him on the menu.  On to the dinner menu, lots of variety!  Definitely bar food in the works for sure.  Appetizers looked appealing, garlic knots, onion rings, chicken tenders, brew wings, calamari, mussels, and clams.  So much to choose from.  If I had been there in time for happy hour we would have sampled some of these.  Menu has a diverse selection, salads, burgers, sandwiches, wraps, entrees, and pizzas both Chicago deep dish and thin crust.  They even have a section devoted to their popular sliders.We thought about getting a specialty Chicago deep dish pizza at first but it was a bit pricy at $14 for a 9" (man did they look tiny sitting on the warming line) and $24 for a 14".  You can also build your own deep dish pizza if you like.  Maybe next time!The lady and I both ended up getting sandwiches from their menu.  She got the Hot Pastrami Sandwich ($10) with thin pastrami, coleslaw, Swiss cheese, and honey mustard on marble rye bread.  I got the Southside Cheesesteak ($10) with peppers, mushrooms, and onions on a French roll with their signature beer cheese sauce.  The lady had onion rings, and I had fries (asked for them to be well done).The verdict?  Food was ah.  It was ok, but nothing to really write home about.  Nothing was really all that special.  Her pastrami sandwich was alright, but it wasn't exactly overflowing with meat, and the coleslaw was a bit bland.  The onion rings didn't seem super fresh, do I detect from a bag and not hand battered?  Oh goodness I hope not.  My cheesesteak was fine (I've had better), their signature beer cheese sauce had a hint of beer but mostly tasted like basic Cheez Whiz to me.  Does no one know how to toast the inside of bread before putting the meat on it?  That crunch makes a world of difference.  My fries on the other hand were very good.  Super crispy on the outside, light and fluffy on the inside.  An ok experience overall.  Hostess could have been better, but our server was A-OK.  I must go back just to sample more of their beers!  The food though, might need some improvement.  Plus a star though for their Filipino master brewer!
3	We went to Chicago Brewing Company last weekend at my wife's suggestion.We started with a bowl of clam chowder. The presentation was nice and had a fresh clam shell on the side of the bowl. The taste was okay but had a little too much pepper and more vegetables than I care for in my clam chowder.We both got one of their micro-brews to drink. I ordered the Weizenheimer which is their hefeweizen. My wife got the black widow stout. Both were decent though we both preferred the beer the other ordered so we swapped.For our entree we split the wild game sliders combo plate. It consisted of six different sliders: alligator, antelope, bison, rabbit, jackelope (antelope and rabbit), and wild boar. I was really excited to try all the different types of game but was underwhelmed. The alligator tasted like seasoned salt and cumin and was a little heavy on the spices. The fried egg on top was a nice touch though.The antelope was really dry and I had to choke it down. It had a licorice/anise taste to it.The bison and jackelope sliders were also dry and not particularly memorable.The rabbit had a very mild taste and wasn't as dry as some of the others.The wild boar was my favorite. It was a little dry but the meat had a nice taste and wasn't masked by spices.The sliders had animal toothpicks in them labeling what kind of meat they were which was a nice/cute touch.The sliders were served with waffle-cut sweet potato fries. They were pretty good and not too sweet.Not sure if I'll go back. If I do, I'm gonna try something else.
4	I like this place alot. Mainly has to do with the beer, but it has its other benefits.Food is a good mix of pub / restaurant fare. Dining area is completely seperate from bar and lounge. I have brought my family with two young ones here quite a few times for dinner, as atmosphere provides enough distraction that my kids are not bothering others patrons.Lounge area outside and upstairs are great and offer nice happy hour specials, even late. Would definitely recommend this place.
5	We have been to Chicago Brewing Company (CBC) a few times now and always have really enjoyed the fun atmosphere, the great hand crafted beer, and the food. CBC sits in the corner of the parking lot on the Ft Apache side off of Sahara. Very cool looking brick exterior which really reminds of you of a older restaurant from back east, possibly Chicago. When you walk in they have a few areas for you to choose from on where to sit and eat, and of course drink. Off to the immediate left when you first walk in is the enclosed bar and gaming area. They do serve food in here as well, and with all the TV's neatly tucked up under the bar we usually choose this area. Off to the right hand of side when you walk in is the main dining room which is pretty good size with all different sizes of tables to accommodate a couple or a large group. There is also a second story that is accessible through the bar area, but if I remember right its strictly drinking up, no food. Last time we were there was about 3 days ago. We went into the bar area like I said we normally do, and as usual it did not disappoint. We mad small talk with the bartender who is very friendly and even more knowledgeable about his beers. I always go for the Chicago style stuffed crust pizza. They offer many toppings of meat and vegetables. I kept it pretty plain on this night and ordered just pepperoni. I ordered the large which is a little pricey at over 25$, but the pizza is huge and very filling. I also ordered their soup of the day which was the Cajun chicken. My girlfriend ordered the steak sandwich which turned out to be the star of the night....more on that later. We then ordered a few of their hand crafted beers, I ordered the blond, and my gf the stout. Both were very good and not over powering, but not watered down either. Now onto the food. My soup came out first. It was a huge bowl of soup, with plenty of great tasting veggies and chicken. The broth was very satisfying and eventually I ate the entire bowl. Next came out my pizza, and my gf's steak sandwich. The pizza was great as usual, very thick, very meaty and the sauce is something that will keep you coming back for sure. True Chicago style pizza. Now the steak sandwich stole the show with a nice 7-8 oz what looked to be NY strip steak, a garlic aoli, lightly breaded onion rings and a very nice bib lettuce. All together this sandwich is top die for. At one point I found myself trying to steal more of the sandwich and left my pizza to the side. Overall we cannot get enough of CBC. We always take the extra time to figure out how we can get over there at least once a month, maybe more. True Chicago style pizza, but with a lot more. Check it out, I don't think you will be disappointed.
4	Me and my husband went one night, they had a great atmosphere. We had a choice to eat outside since it was so nice out. I myself tried their blueberry vanilla beer and I personally very much liked it.
3	Thanks to Ken M. who organized an UYE here tonight, I got to try their new wild game sliders.  They were added to the menu last fall.  The six sliders are made from the following game animals:  alligator, antelope, buffalo, jackalope (rabbit and antelope meat mixed together), rabbit and wild boar.  They come 3 for $16 (must be all one kind of meat) or a sampler platter of all 6 for $30.Three of us shared the sampler and we each had a taste of all 6 meats.  My rating would be from best to least: Rabbit, wild boar, alligator, antelope, jackalope, and bison.  All had sauces to enhance the flavors of the meat.  For example, the wild boar had red currant jelly and sharp cheddar cheese while alligator had a remoulade sauce and a fried egg.  There was a toothpick to break the yolk and make the alligator meat really flavorful!  The platter also came with some waffle cut sweet potato fries which were really yam fries--not sweet potato.  This was a good choice, and I'm glad Tony and Clint shared the sampler with me.Service was good, and I had a mug of their on site brewed root beer.  Another great UYE (Unofficial Yelp Event) with a nice bunch of people at a good place.Photo of the six sliders with the animal depictions on the toothpicks:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XeDLyY2a7nZ3IEY4RYslXA?select=1iaD27IslbUgrrdPt1O2sg
4	Very nice place. Great atmosphere and great food. They have many great choices for beer and they are pretty good beers. If it is nice you can sit outside and it is very enjoyable. My wife and I loved it and would definitely go back.
4	Its been a few years since i last frequented Chicago Brewing.  I was really pleased with my recent visit!  Chicago was opened in 1999, and back then the craft beer and the menu would have been a real exotic in Vegas.  They have several slider hamburgers with odd meats like alligator, bison, kangaroo, and antelope.  These days, it might be just a novelty, but I loved it!  I had alligator sliders with the house stout.  My coworkers tried the house IPA, the cheese steak, and one of the salads (the one with tuna on it).  My alligator sliders were awesome.  They each had an egg sunny side up, a tomato, lettuce and sauce.  The dish came with a side of sweet potato fries.  I've never had alligator before!  It tasted kind of like a cross between fish and beef.  The patty itself was lightly fried with some spices that really made the flavor quite nice.  My friends both enjoyed their lunches as well.  The salad wasn't the best, but it wasn't an iceberg bomb either.  The beer was pretty good.  Back in 1999, this beer would have been top notch.  Today, the West Coast style of brewing is to make bigger beers.  None of the beers crafted at Chicago are above 6.5%.  Chicago has kind of fallen behind the times a little, but the beer is still awesomely fresh.  You can see the brewery through glass walls in the center of the establishment!Overall, while not the best brewery in Vegas (ahem, Draft House), it is a real treat for craft beer drinkers.  The food is good too.   The restaurant is small enough to be cozy and intimate, so even non-beer drinkers should have a visit to check out the strange sliders or maybe a pizza!
4	Oh Chicago Brewing Company, why did you kill your happy hour? CBC easily had the best happy hour in town but that recently changed when they got rid of their late night happy hour and shifted their regular happy hours to 3:00pm to 6:00pm. Aside from the terrible hour shift the happy hour still does provide some delicious beer on the cheap. Six Dollar pitchers by itself would be a pretty good deal but the quality of the beer brewed at Chicago brewery puts this happy hour over the top. Their Old Town Brown being my favorite, they offer a variety of beer to match just about any taste.On the food end of things, I can't say I'm too experienced. I've usually stuck with the run of the mill bar food. The chicken fingers are easily one of my favorite in town. They're very lightly battered, none of this extremely crispy business you get from other places. They're decently sized and the Brew-BQ flavor is delicious, and a major plus is that they are discounted during happy hour along with the drinks. I've also had an above average hamburger there, nothing spectacular but it's definitely satisfying.Overall a great place to have some good bar food and good beer. My only complaint is that they need to bring back the late night happy hour and shift their current happy hour an hour back so that it ends at 7:00pm instead of 6:00pm. 6:00pm just seems too early for a happy hour but maybe I'm just spoiled because of the hours that the previous happy hour ran.
3	After driving by Chicago Brewing Company countless times, I finally decided to stop by for Ken M.'s UYE last week. In short, the company was great, as was the brown ale. I sampled the Oatmeal Raisin Cookie brew... meh... not my thing. I split the wild game sliders with Norm and Tony (6 for $30) and my favorites were the rabbit, wild boar and bison. Honestly, I can't even remember what the others (alligator, antelope, rabbit/antelope mix) tasted like. It was a week ago, afterall.  If you're a fan of sliders, check it out since they're some of the more unique ones you'll find in the area.
3	I came here with two of my Co workers for Ken M's UYE Pizza, Peppers, and Pints event. Unfortunately I didn't see anyone from Yelp so we sat in the bar area because my co workers didn't want to sit around children. I really wanted to order some of their Sleeners but my co workers and I are participating in a weight loss challenge. That means we shared two salads. We ordered the Greek Salad and the Buffalo Mozzarella Salad. I mostly ate the Buffalo salad. It had mixed greens, Roma Tomatoes, sliced Buffalo Mozzarella, and we had the Balsamic dressing on the side. The croutons were two small slices of  toasted French bread. Everyone was being good and didn't really want to eat them except for me. I mainly had veggies all day and needed some substance! The two salads can easily be shared between three people with enough to take home. It also makes you full fast!
4	Went here about a month ago, very enjoyable meal.  We shared the Chicago deep dish pizza (excellent) and the garlic knots.  My wife and daughter split the ziti dish and I had a buffalo chicken wrap.  All of the food was very tasty and fresh.  My wife, who is from Chicago, also greatly enjoyed her meal.  The portions are enormous, especially the deep dish pizza.  We had plenty of pizza, garlic knots and ziti to bring home and enjoy for a couple of days after.  The buffalo chicken wrap was also very good and had just enough "zing" to satisfy my spicy food cravings.      As we had a child with us, we did not check out the bar area, only the restaurant, which is physically seperated into two different rooms to accomodate both families and bar customers.  Overall, I found the Chicago Brewing Company to be a very good find, and would definately recommend giving it a try if you haven't been there already....
2	I've been coming here for the past 3 years since I moved to Vegas.  Usually for the good beer and their happy hour.  I never really got into their specialties of the ghost pepper sauce (because I like the inside of my mouth fire and burn free) or their wild game sliders (not that I mind the wild game meat, more so the cheese and sauces they coat each particular slider in).  I'm not really happy with a few of the changes they've made recently thou... First off they changed the timing of their happy hour.  It's now 4-7, whereas it was 3-6 and 10-midnight in the past.  I'm still not sure why they got rid of the nighttime happy hour, that always seemed to be the most popular one.  Still thou, all their beers and a handful of their appetizers are included in the deal.  Also, in order to be able to utilize their happy hour, you HAVE to sit in one of their smoking areas, their smoke-free lounge area is not included.  That's annoying!  Having to sit around 20 burning cigarettes in order to be included in a restaurants daily special.The second change I'm really not liking, due to an indoor smoking law that was explained to us by our waiter that the restaurant is now abiding by, they can't physically bring us our food in the happy hour approved bar area.  Instead they bring our food to a table in the hallway, then we have to go and get the food ourselves.  It's just a weird and annoying feature of eating out.  Also after having lived in Chicago, the deep dish pizza here doesn't rank up to the real deal at all.  Also the sliders here are only decent.  I'd honestly much rather hit up Slidin' Thru since their selections and taste are better, not to mention priced lower.
5	I just love this place.  The bartenders are a lot of fun and their summer seasonal beer rocks.  The spicy chicken tenders are a must and the all menu is very affordable.
3	We recently went for dinner with a medium-large party (10) and were seated quickly.  The service was spotty, but the food was good.I had the Chicago style pizza which I really enjoyed.  We also got the garlic knots, which is a very economical appetizer - 8 knots for $5 (?) - those were pretty good.My son had the chicken strips and they were amazing - lightly beer battered.  I actually ate too much to fit in dessert, but it sounded amazing - one of those cookie-brownie "pizza' things" with ice cream.
4	The happy hour is now 4-7 again but still no late night happy hour and you no longer have to leave the bar area to get your food. They deliver it right to your table as before. It is annoying that the happy hour is only offered in the smoking venues. I would love to drink my $6 pitcher and eat my $6 pizza without having to go home and shower and wash my clothes afterwards. Other than the smoking complaint, this place is great. Maxx is a great server and takes good care of my party at least once a week. All of the food I have tried at CBC has been above average. This place has been a staple for my friends and I for the past two years and we will continue to frequent this place even though they discontinued our favorite 10pm happy hour. The seasonal beer right now is awesome! I hate it that the springfest is no longer available but the brew they replaced it with is a 9% ABV Belgium beer. It's not sold in pitchers but during happy hour it's available in a 16oz goblet for $3. Well worth it.
2	It's getting downgraded and fast - 2 stars.Listen people, we understand that times are tough - their tough on us too. But if you're going to cut back on your happy-hour offerings, don't use the lame excuse that it because there were too many drunks making trouble.No more $10 yard beer specials and who knows what else was lost in this recent management decision.If you cant manage your restaurant and its patrons, just close down and make room for someone who can.
2	Things that have brought me great disappointment:1. The Minnesota Vikings 2. The discovery there is no Santa Claus3. The quality of the beer at Chicago Brewing CompanyLas Vegas lacks a brew pub with great beer, great food, and fun atmosphere. (Big Dogs comes close, but not quite.)  Chicago Brewing Company offers okay food coupled with mediocre beer.  The cavernous (and usually empty) dining room gives off a forlorn vibe.  Combine this with the quality of the beer and you have the epitome of depression right on Sahara Avenue.What can Chicago Brewing Company do to save itself?1. Start brewing truly original (and tasty) beer.  They are a prime example of how microbrew doesn't always mean good.  For example:  A porter should have a hint of roasted coffee aroma, not taste like someone's excrement after a trip to Starbuck's.2. Expand upon the more creative options on the food menu.3. Rearrange the dining area to make it more intimate and less "cavern of doom."Until then, I will wait for someone to open a great brew pub in Vegas.  However, I won't hold my breath.
3	We decided on this place since some of us wanted dinner while the rest just wanted a drink.  As a group of 7, we were seating right away as the place was pretty empty.  The waitress came by right away to take drink orders.  They had a blueberry vanilla ale on the menu, but when we ordered it, the waitress said they didn't have it, and then recommended some sort other beer with mango.  I ordered that just because it sounded interesting, and it was pleasantly surprising.  However, I do not recommend drinking this if you are going to be eating a full dinner.  The beer was full bodied and filling.  We also ordered a brewtus which was a 50 ounce glass filled with a beer of your choice for $15.  (You get to keep the glass.)  We chose the All Nighter which we all shared and enjoyed.  I think the best part about the brewtus was that refills were only $5!  Food-wise, everyone seemed satisfied with their food.  The artichoke dip and alfredo pizza were the two things that I found to be really good.  The service was really good here.  By the time we ordered, the place got busy but the waitress still made it a point to come by every few minutes to check on us.  I'd like to come back for their happy hour.  I glanced over their menu and they had some pretty good deals going on for their beer, well-drinks, wine, and munchies.
4	First time I came here was with an old friend.  We sat upstairs at the bar and enjoyed each others company along with 50 others that were nothing but friendly.  The bartender was a sweetie and so was everyone else.  Drinks were average, but at least they listen to you when you say "No Ice."  I enjoyed my evening as we wondered downstairs since they close the upstairs. Everyone was wonderful and our bill was only half of what we expected.   It made my night wonderful and I'll never forget it.  Thank you guys for making that evening wonderful!
3	We came on the recommendation of Desert Companion's best-of eating issue, so I was expecting the good stuff.  What I got was a pizza and a tall Stout, which both turned out to be mediocre.  What I should have gotten, apparently, was their burger fare.  Between the game sliders (with sweet potato fries, yum!) and the HUGE barbeque burger, I felt like I'd made a mistake with my tiny, thin-crust mini-pizza.  The stout seemed weak-tasting, but I'm the kind of person who likes a dark beer that can hold a spoon in it.  The hef my friend ordered seemed like a far better, tastier option for Vegas' summer. The loft area would be great if there were a couple tables instead of being purely for two people to eat / groups to drink in.
3	The happy hour is great for beers, but food choices are limited. For $2.00, you will get the 16oz glass and for an extra .50 you can upgrade to the 22oz. The two beers I was struggling between were the Seasonal Daisy Triple and the Fruit Seasonal Mango Hef. Jeff, our server, was helpful in helping me choose between the two. I was looking for a lighter beer and he steered me toward the first option and offered me a sample to make sure I enjoyed it before I committed. The beer was a nice balance to the snack that we ended up getting.With four choices of food on the happy hour menu, we decided to get something to tide us over and wait until later to get real food. We decided on the chicken tenders ($6) tossed in the Brew-BQ sauce with a side of ghost sauce. I had experience the insane heat of ghost sauce before and was willing to press my luck again. My lips were on fire and I was in sweet agony. I am truly a sadist when it comes to hot and sour foods. If pain is not something you strive for while eating, don't get this sauce. Jeff was kind enough to keep watch on our waters. I drink a lot while eating and it was only intensified ten folds. The tenders came in an order of five large, juicy strips, dosed in the BBQ sauce.
2	I had been coming here since this place opened its doors....but do not come here anymore.The quality of the beer has become a damn joke and management has completely lost it.It is really sad to see one of the breweries we had here in Vegas that used to be so great....fall to be so low. And please understand...used to be great..REALLY GREAT and I used to be here 3-4 times a week.I had waited to do this review.....but it seems to just get worse. It's really sad
4	I don't want to stray from my burger reviews with so many places in town yet to try, but I feel compelled to talk about an interesting meal I had last week.  My girlfriend and I wanted to try something different for dinner, and I quickly remembered hearing about the wild game sliders that they serve over at the Chicago Brewing Company. One thing I like almost as much as burgers is trying weird and new foods, this promised to do just that.While I suppose I should come back to try their burger at some point, this establishment is more on the 'typical' pub food side, and isn't necessarily on the top of my list for burgers to review. Still, the wild game aspect was intriguing enough to drag me in. The interior of the restaurant as well as the bar side are nothing fancy, pretty standard faire for a local restaurant. We went there on a random week night around 6pm, and quickly decided that based on the large amount of families and screaming kids the bar side would be better for our needs. Even though there are high top tables away from the bar itself, you can still anticipate a smoky atmosphere with mediocre service. We waited a bit too long to get our menus and first drinks, but after that it wasn't too bad.There are six wild game sliders on the CBC's menu, each paired with what the chef believes to be the perfect complement to that meat's flavoring. You have the option of trying 3 of one style, or all 6 for a little less than twice the price. Based on a slider meal we had a couple days earlier, we knew that 6 sliders between the two of us would be more than enough and would allow us to divulge in all flavors.Here's the rundown:Alligator: from what I'm told alligator meat has very little flavor, so it is always seasoned to give whatever dish it is served as more character. Having a connotation with the cuisine of the south, this one is quite over seasoned with Cajun flavors. Don't get me wrong, they're good, but you really don't get an idea of what alligator tastes like based on this. The soft egg, Remoulade, and other toppings paired well with this.Antelope: almost too gamey for my liking, but quite good. The meat was pretty much what I anticipated it to taste like. Again the jalapeno jelly and toppings all paired quite well with it. The meat might have been a tiny bit dry, but I'm not sure how much of that is a natural trait of antelope meat as opposed to it being a slider which is always inherently dry.Bison: I'm always a big fan of bison meat, and this didn't disappoint. I buy bison steaks quite often at Whole Foods, and have also been known to make a great bison burger with some of the ground bison meat from Smith's. Unfortunately we're not treated with different toppings for the remainder of the meats I will mention, but as I've stated already they paired well so why mess with a good thing.Jackelope: possibly one of my favorites of the bunch. Wasn't sure what to expect with this one, but it turned out to be a great mix of two different meats, a little sweet with just the right amount of gamey. This one definitely stood out for me.Rabbit: could have been my least favorite of the group. It seemed very gamey, stiff and dry, which I've heard should not be the case with rabbit meat. The dryness I could tack on to the slider size always being impossible to cook (see my review of Slidin' Thru coming soon), but I can't explain the gamey taste. Neither of us were really a fan, I think it was the only one that had a bite or so leftover.Wild boar: a favorite of both of us. Picture a sausage patty, but the tastiest, purest form of that. I may not have gotten my full half of this one because someone else also really liked it, but what I had I enjoyed quite a bit.Overall this meal was a lot of fun, the little signs on each patty are a great touch, and it's an easy way for the commoner to try something 'exotic' while still sticking with a familiar form. If you're feeling a little adventurous and want to try something different, definitely give them a visit. Their beer isn't so bad either.
2	Not all that. I won a free lunch for two from a local radio station and I'm glad I didn't have to pay the bill. The atmosphere is ok. Service was ok, not great. The menu didn't have much of a selection and the prices were a little high for the quality of food. I wouldn't really go there again unless I won another free luch.
4	We went here on a high recommendation from a friend who brought us. I got the beer sampler and absolutely loved the red, brown and IPA. The seasonal beers were too fruity for my taste. The food: sliders, seafood and wraps were surprisingly good for bar food. I really liked the atmosphere and our waitress was great. Finished with some great Bacardi and Cokes. I would like to revisit this place when I return to Vegas. A lot better of a deal than the Strip.
1	YUCK, YUCK, and MORE YUCK, or is it YUM, YUM, YUM?If you are a smoker, especially an excessive one...you just may like this place.  A little mini-casino, but mainly a bar with food.  Horrible ventilation, so you walk into a complete and utterly thick and smelly fog.For the rest of us, the non-smokers -- no way no how.
5	Holy moly. I think I just ate an entire cow. And then some.First off, heads up: If you're looking for a beer review, go check out Elite Emily's review. I'm not a huge beer drinker and can't really tell the difference between a stout or an IPA, I can't tell which one had more hops and which one had more malt. I'm even worse at beer than wine (and I'm pretty bad at wine), so if you're looking for that, sorry.But if you're looking for a food review, I just had the Chicago Chili Burger. This thing should have its own ZIP code. It's huge. They serve a huge patty open-faced -- not even trying to hide it, like, "Oooh, we put a tiny bun on top so it looks bigger..." No, it was like, "MAN UP, SPARKY, THIS AIN'T OUR FIRST TIME AT THE RO-DEE-O." Then, on top of this delicious hunk of meat (the burger, not me) they pour on some sloppy, messy chili and green onions on top of it.This is no sissy burger. This is not one of them chain restaurants "Oh look we dropped a bit of chili on this burger" burger. This is a burger that looks your daddy straight in the eye then makes out with your momma then slaps your sister upside the head while walking out your front door and fist-bumping with some very bad dudes.Grab your fork. This burger ain't here to f**k around.It was a test, but it was also really good. The meat was juicy and tender, and the chili was really tasty. It was a sweeter chili, since of course it was Chicago-style, so I wish it had a little more spice to it, but that would be my only complaint. Otherwise, A+, gold star, attaboy.BUT WAIT! There's more!One look at their dessert menu will give anyone a foodierection. I was looking at something called "Blondie & Clyde" which is like a mash-up of a brownie plus a butterscotch bar, but on the bottom of the page were their deep-fried treats. Elite Emily and I share a weird love/hate relationship with deep-fried anything, and she spotted the deep-fried carmel apple (which was either a caramel apple or an apple from Carmel, CA). Hector went with the deep-fried honey bun, and I couldn't be the odd man out, so I indulged in the deep-fried Ho-Ho.I loved mine... the deep-fried Ho-Ho reminded me of a chocolate chip donut bar, and the deep-fried honey bun was like a bear claw. But I was most impressed by the deep-fried carmel apple. As you bit into it, you heard a "crunch." This is because somehow, after the apple is deep-fried, somehow it still comes out crisp and tart! It's really great, you have to try it to believe it.Great place, I highly recommend it, under one condition: don't go see a movie right after it, because it's bound to lead to food coma.
4	So yah, here I go with yet another Groupon-related review!I have wanted to check out this location for a while. Honestly, if I'm in the area I'm usually too tempted by some of the other restaurants to check this place out, but I'm glad I finally took the plunge.I came with my two fellas for some burgers and beer. I ordered the Bar Brew-Q Burger, as did my main fella and my friend Ryan B ordered the Chili Burger. I was very happy with my food. Huge, I'll definitely be doing some sharing next time I'm there. The burger was moist, flavorful and cooked perfectly. Great price for the quantity and quality. To top that glutton fest off, we couldn't resist some delectably indulgent deep-fried treats. We ordered the deep-fried ho ho, honey bun and caramel apple (I refuse to type carmel, lol). They were interesting options and I was quite happy with the choices. I liked the honey bun and apple the best, but I definitely would suggest sharing at this place. The beers are great too. Tasty and they go well with the pub grub. We'll definitely be checking this place out more regularly.
5	Okay, I went here first on a Groupon so this may be a somewhat biased review. I went here again with a few friends after seeing a movie at Red Rock for full price. All I can say is wow, this is a pretty darn good microbrew. Now the beers are pretty good, but nothing to exceptional. The thing I was impressed with far more was the food. My groupon came with a burger, and all I can say was holy cow, the thing was both ridiculous and awesome. Was huge (about 7 or so inches in diameter, 3/4" thick patty IIRC) , had barbecue sauce and onion rings on top. Was pretty darn good. Now I would agree with my friend David S.'s review, between that and their normal bar food if I were a nearby resident I would have a hard time visiting on a frequent basis because the food is all just too much. But for living on the other side of town, you can hardly ask for more!
3	Las Vegas Brewery Stop #3They have a restaurant and a bar area with the brewery in the middle, which you can see through glass windows. Open 24 hrs. We tried there:All Nighter Light AleRamblin' Reck Amber AleOld Town BrownHardway IPAWeizenheimerBlack Widow StoutSeasonal: Raspberry WheatSeasonal: Belgian DoubleSeasonal: Honey Ale?All the beers were light...flavorful, but not too exciting. The most exciting thing was that they have a variety of sliders with different meats....alligator, antelope, bison, jackelope, rabbit, wild boar. You can order a sampler for $30. I wish we could have tried them, but we were short on time.  Next time.
4	I'm going to upgrade my rating for Chicago Brewing Company to 4 stars based on the last 2 times I went there prior to moving away. The food which I originally thought was just OK seemed to have gotten better and more interesting. The last time I was there, my friend and I shared a sampler of their wild game sliders. I believe we got the alligator, jackalope and wild boar. And, as always, they have a nice, rotating selections of their own locally brewed beer.
4	Been here a few times - always enjoyed myself. Went most recently with my husband and toddler to have lunch. It was a Monday a few months ago, the place was pretty empty as it was a little after what would have probably been the lunch rush time and it was on a weekday.  But that didn't stop the server from making it a wonderful visit. I wish I could remember her name to give her props, but needless to say, we were happily impressed with her service along with the food.Server was knowledgeable about majority of the items. There was a question I had she wasn't sure about, but she answered honestly that she wasn't, went to the kitchen to find the correct answer and returned promptly. I'd rather have a server treat me with honesty than lie to hide the fact that they didn't know the right answer. Also proved that she had good relation with the BOH team and encouraged our guest perception that the whole establishment was working well together.The beer was as it should be - cold, delicious and served in clean glassware (seems simple, right? but we all know that's not the case).Food was perfectly done and served hot and fresh.My toddler was - as always - a little pain, but our server coddled him flirting with her and paid extra attention. As a veterans of the food service industry, my husband and I were impressed at the attention given to us and the overall quality of the entire visit.Highly recommend to families and to anyone who wants a great dining experience.Thanks, Chicago!
3	Great place to visit and have drinks and finger food with friends. The beer is pretty good and the food is tasty (try their wings--they are very good). I would have given it 4 stars but the service was not the best...table was a little sticky, first pizza was unusually sweet (they apparently put brown sugar on their caramelized onions) and the waitress forgot about us a couple of times. Overall, not a bad place to visit.
1	the beer may be good but the food and the service was terrible i wouldn't reccommend this place to my worst enemy
3	We have been to this restaurant several times and like it enough to bring family to it. The menu is pretty big and offers something for everyone, but in my experience I will say that the Deep dish baked ziti is AWESOME! The ziti comes out and the outside is like a deep dish pizza. Inside you have a well spiced ziti that we also included itailan sausage, onions, and mushrooms. There is more than enough for 2, and this is what my wife and I usually share when we dine here. Now like the name states this is a working brewing company and they have about 10 of their own beers. I always get the Black Star or Black Spider (can't remember the name) stout. I think it has a great creamy roasted flavor. Only complaint would be that it never comes to the table very cold. I really think they could step up their beers and their beer service if they would serve it ICE COLD in a frosted mug.
3	A glance from outside reminded me of a speakeasy from the 1920s area in Chicago.  Not that I'm that old, but it looks like something from Boardwalk Empire.  As I entered, the front waiting area was filled with a pungent aroma of cigar smoke mixed with hookah tobacco.  I immediately noticed the size of brewing vats, bigger than hip -hop, to the right as we were led to our table.  The smell of smoke dissipated as we neared our table until it was only the smell of pizza fresh from the oven.  The waiter was pretty awesome, no complaints about the staff at all.   We ordered a 2 pitchers of the sweet nectar known as beer.  The Weizenheimer came in a pitcher that looked like sweet golden honey, but upon tasting it we realized something had gone horribly wrong with the beer.  The beer tasted like Juicy Fruit Bubblegum, bleeehhh!  We set this one aside and poured out attention into the Ramblin' Reck Amber Ale.  Mmmm, the amber ale was a tasty brew!  I ordered a BBQ burger which was surprisingly dry and the BBQ sauce burned my lips like hot lava from Mt. Vesuvius!   I waited for it to cool down slightly while focusing on my fries which weren't bad and went deliciously with the fine ketchup they had available.  I would visit this place again, but I would definitely avoid the wheat beer like the plague.  How this beer won awards in 2004 boggles my mind like an enigma wrapped in duct tape so much that you can't even tell what it is anymore.  3 stars for gross beer and dry burgers.
4	I have only had the bar menu, but I like the Chicken Fingers.  The chicken fingers tossed in ghost sauce are terribly spicy and are not worth ordering, but definitely get a side of  ghost sauce for dipping.
4	Do groupons work, here is proof. They are all the way accross town for us but worth the drive. I had the patty melt which comes on rye. Cooked to order, juicy and tasty. The had a board full of beers (i didnt think to ask about a sampler.) Had a Weizenheimer with lemon. Very good. Would also reccomend the homemade potato chips, the pizza and the handcraft root beer. Service very good. Found out they have great happy hour specials. $2.5 for a 22oz, $11 for a pizza, $6 for a pitcher, yeah...i'm there.
4	We came to try this place again, we'd been here a few years ago and brought guests, I don't remember what we ate, it wasn't that impressive, so my husband and I thought we'd try it again.I was trying to stick with a fairly health meal and I ended up ordering the soldier's cobb salad.  It has chopped tomatoes, egg, smoked bacon, and crumbled blue cheese tossed over mixed greens.  It was a decent size and very fresh.  My husband got the ribs and chicken.  I was able to try a few of the ribs and they were very good.  Our service was good, the food was decent, since they brew their own beers, it will be something we come back for to try another day.
4	Fun place with good drinks and food.  Perfect for a group of friends to hit on the weekend and try some unique items.  We ordered the wild game sliders which included Alligator, Antelope, Bison, Jackelope, Rabbit & Wild Boar!  Now of course some were better than others but just to say you had them is a conversation starter.  Also they have a ghost pepper sauce that is not on the menu but if you like it spicy ask for a side of it.  They also have deep fried desserts if you're brave enough.
5	Upstairs bar is way better.  Great bar staff.  Quick service.  Cheap beer and wine.
3	I come often because it's a block away. If i have to walk, i will. Their house beer offerings have never really impressed me, but the food is really good. The king salmon dinner, the caprese salad, all amazing. Just recently I tried the blackberry wheat and Hopocalypse which were both incredible to me. The rest of the beer has been just ok. I know i'll be back again,lolPS: no more late night happy hour :(
3	My boyfriend and I tried this place out a few days ago and weren't impressed with the food. He didn't really like their American Amber? I don't drink beer, but I think that's what he called it. He liked their hefeweizen, though.For an appetizer, we got the steakhouse fries. The menu said it was topped with beer cheese and I'm not a huge fan of beer, but we tried it anyway. I didn't like it much, but it was all right. I probably wouldn't order them again, but if my boyfriend wanted to, I'd munch on the fries on the bottom that didn't have much (or any) cheese on them, which is what I did that day.We both tried the country fried filet mignon. I didn't really like the mashed potatoes -- they were sour for some reason. I've had mashed potatoes like that and I'm not sure what it is in them that makes it taste that way, but I don't like it much. The meat was kinda tough and dry; the fried batter just fell right off. I just felt like I was eating a kind of dry steak and some chips.As for service, the staff was nice. However, we got the wrong drinks three times. We had a guy that was in training as our server, but I don't blame him for this. The first time, my boyfriend ordered I think a 16oz beer, but the bartender poured him a 20z, which he said was fine. Then a waitress refilled my raspberry iced tea with unsweetened iced tea. I let our server know what happened and he got me a refill of the right drink. Lastly, my boyfriend was trying to ask our server for the hefeweizen before he walked away; however, he had already swiftly walked out of earshot. The busser was handing us our plates of food and heard my boyfriend, so he said he'd send the server back our way. The server was nice enough to return with a beer, but it was a refill of the same beer. I'm guessing the busser just told him my boyfriend wanted another beer, but didn't specify which or did not indicate that the server should come and ask. He also could've, but the server didn't bother to. Can't really know for sure, so I can't say who's responsible.The place didn't seem that busy as there were empty tables, so I don't think that was the problem. I think they need to work on communicating or fulfilling orders a bit more. Overall, it was decent. We're not sure if we're going to come back, but if so, it won't be because we enjoyed the food. I'm willing to give them another chance, though.
2	The look of the building made me feel right at home. We have these types of buildings in the midwest so I was looking forward to the visit.  When we walked in we were advised by the hostess that the upstairs would be a fun place to sit, so we went up there. Upstairs There are three small  seating areas, but only small group was there. The  first thoughts I had were that the rug looked like it had seen better days and that table bussing was apparently not a priority. The little bar was crowded with happy people and the bartender was great- wonderful smile, nice personality. I didn't find the leather club chairs to be especially comfortable and would have preferred a real table, but overall, it wasn't a bad experience. There were two nice flatscreen TVs showing basketball, which the bar group enjoyed loudly. I loved how the natural light looked, streaming in through the windows and hitting the brick walls. Ah, Ohio...The food? Meh.  When you serve cheese sauce with beer in it, the beer does not make up for using VELVEETA. Ok? REAL cheese, please. The chips weren't that good either. I was so disappointed. I tried the garlic pretzels and they were good, but more like soft, kosher-salted rolls. My friend's steamed clams did not taste fresh to her, but she thought they were ok.  I don't know that I would come back here. I don't have anything awful to say about it, but I was underwhelmed during this visit.
1	Beer was good ....  that's about it.   We went during happy hour , to try out their own beer brews and have a little food.  My wife and i were looking for new and were HOPING this place would be good.   We were unhappy. We got the chips and salsa , it came with some sort of cheese sauce.  Kinda tasted like that stuff you get in a glass jar ( tostitos ? ) from the grocery store. I ordered a steak sandwich with onion rings.  I think i got 5 onion rings ... not worth the upcharge , the steak sandwich was good however , it was literally a whole steak thrown on a peice of bread .....  Anytime i have ever had a steak sandwhich before .. they usually slice it at least.   My wife ordered a ruben ... the waitress brought out my sandwhich and basically told us my wife would have to wait for hers since another waitress took her food on accident . ...  dont they put tickets next to the food for this exact reason ?  It took nearly another 15 minutes. By the time she got her food , mine was almost cold as i didnt want to eat and make my wife sit there while i was eating. We did get an apology out of the waitress , but thats it.   I dont think i expect free food or discounts for everything , but there are certain things that you would want to take care of your customers with , and this was it. Im sorry but first impression like this is hard to break .. will not be back.
4	Been here a few times with friends. The service is fine, a decent happy hour, good brews and tasty food. Been to a couple other brew pubs in town and Chicago leads the pack. I will be going back..
3	The BF and I sat on the patio to enjoy some beer. It was during their happy hour so we ordered off of the specials of select appetizers. Beers are $2 off, $1 off wells, half off the house wine. Their patio is pretty nice and in the afternoon part of it sits in the shadow of the building so it isn't too bad. There are TVs out there if you want to catch a game.Order of teriyaki chicken tenders - these were crispy but the teriyaki was too salty for me since it was tossed with it. Probably would order them plain and just put a little. Mini cheese pizza - this was pretty alright flatbread type. I wouldn't really order those again. We also got some waffle sweet potato fries which were crispy and really good. Washed it down with their Black Star Stout which was really nice, nitro nice dark malt and dark chocolate notes.Service was decent, but standard. I definitely love their beer and some of their food, but this visit was just A-OK.
4	Based on the beer alone, I'd give Chicago Brewing Company 5 stars.The selection of beers is great and the prices during happy hour are awesome! Definitely try out their beer tasting sampler if you're curious about the selection of beers they have.The atmosphere is really nice and fun to hang out in. I dig the brick walls and views of the brewery. The servers are friendly and make sure that you're doing well regularly.Although the food is a bit overpriced, the portions are huge and everything I've tried has been good. The chili fries are perfect to share among friends, although I wasn't stoked with the beer cheese sauce they make. The burgers and sandwiches have not disappointed, and I really enjoyed the homemade ranch chips.For a couple beers this is place is perfect, the food is consistently good but not amazing. However, the quick service and chill vibe will bring me back.
5	The 5 stars are for the Brewery and upstairs lounge. I have only ever had a couple appetizers so I can't really rate the restaurant. The IPA, Hefeweizen and Old Town Brown are soooooo good. Happy hour prices are very reasonable. Worth the drive to westside of town. They also have a location on Fremont St.
5	I love CBC.  Consistently good service, tasty beer, and yummy food.  Their IPA is my favorite.  There is plenty of booth seating for the restaurant downstairs, and a nice bar area upstairs (elevator available- we met an elderly gentleman who was unaware and had taken the stairs).  CBC used to have big game sliders- which was my favorite menu item, but I have been told they were removed from the menu. Still, plenty of delicious items to choose from.  I have not been disappointed.
4	Not bad. Their happy hour goes pretty late. I would recommend their large pan crust BBQ chicken pizza. Yum!
3	I'm giving them just three stars because their happy hour menu used to have way better deals. Otherwise though the beer and food are great.
5	This place has fantastic deals on food during Happy Hour and I love their Pot Roast and Full Rack of Ribs!
4	Place has been here forever. I never bothered to try it until tonight. Dinning room was closed had to eat in smoke filled bar....... But wow was the food good. Fresh and tasty.
5	Excellent deep dish pizza, craft beer, garlic knots, onion rings, and chicken.   Nice service, as well. One of my favorite places to invite friends and family to.
4	This is an awesome place to come and relax and have a couple of house microbrews. Had never eaten here before until last Thursday. The service was pretty good, attentive and fast. The food was pretty good as well. Had the veggie pizza and it was to die for. Typically don't take leftovers home, but did this time because the pizza was so good. Now I wont just look at this place as a great place to have a good beer on the weekend or after work. I will consider it for a good lunch or dinner spot as well. Kudos!
5	Great Place!! I felt at sweet home here thanks to the bartenders!  The Italian Beef was EXCELLENT!!   Add some Provolone and you're in heaven.  My BF got the BBQ Bacon Burger and also loved it. It was huge.  The beer was great too.
5	I spent a few hours here today and must say I was impressed. The food once ordered was top notch, delivered fast, was plentiful and was fresh and tasty.I sat upstairs at the Bar with a few local/regular patrons and they were both inviting and great to talk to about current events and most importantly micro brews.I love heff beers and theirs was pretty darn good. When I commented on the color and taste the bar tender I believe his name was Max was happy to share his extensive knowledge on the subject.Its a pretty far drive from home but if Im in the area I will be happy to stop in and have a great brew, great food and great company.
3	This place was just okay. Service for happy hour was pretty nonexistent. Yes, I know I am ordering one beer and one appetizer but that's why it's happy hour--some people choose to get happier than others, and you still have to wait on me. $5.40 is ultra-cheap for a beer and an appie, but we were there for a couple hours and my friend (who was of the getting-happier variety) had to wave down the bartender who would pass us on his way to and from the other happier tables. Also, the loft is a cigar bar, which I didn't know going into it. I'm not that bothered by that type of smoke but some people might be.I did have a blueberry beer which I did like a lot, but it would have led to a severe case of gutrot were I to have had more than one. My friend kept downing their IPA and believe me, her happy hour mission was accomplished.
4	Chicago Brewing company does beer well, has a great patio, a separate smoking bar for pipes and cigars, and is perfectly average for quality of bar food.  The Beer:  Chicago brews a lot of great beers that keep the beer snobs coming back ...Coconut Porter, Hawaiian Honey, Blueberry Wheat... and a solid selection to keep novice beer drinkers happy as well. The Patio: My favorite thing about Chicago is the beer garden (patio) when the weather is nice.  Cool lighting, nice feel, great Happy Hour!Two Bars:  Both bars are separated from the restaurant to allow for smoking, but the upstairs bar is cool, classy, and comfortable.The Food:  Chicago has a huge list of food, with a lot of interesting options...but all-in-all the food is just average bar quality...maybe slightly better...but nothing to write home about.
4	Chicago Brewery Company (CBC) HAPPY HOURS:- 5 stars for its beers and bardishes; 4 stars over all.CBC is quite a nice place for happy hours (5-7, 10-midnight daily), though a bit too quiet during week days. They have a good selection of great draft beers (20-22oz for $2.50-$3.50!), 1/2 off wine, and tasty bar dishes for $3-6. There is a large bar counter in a medium size lounge area downstairs, as well as a bar in the loft upstairs (elevator available). The main lounge downstairs is nice, although a bit on the dark side. There is also a small open patio facing the street. The dining room is comfortable, spacious, bright with a high ceiling. - My friends and I went there for happy hours twice in Sept, both times on week days. We had dark beer(22 oz, $2.75), IPA ( 20oz., $3); chicken tenders ($6), garlic knots with salsa ($3), and bar pizza. all pretty tasty.  The service was excellent both times. In our 2 visits, the lounge and patio areas were quite empty around 6pm.  So, the atmosphere was a quiet one, unlike the exciting, jumping, somewhat noisy one in Kona Grill and Gordon Biersch. One of our friends took a look in the bar upstairs, and told us that the customers up there were more on the younger side.  - Our friendly waiter told us that the happy hours during game days and weekends were busier and much more lively, and that its reverse HH (10-midnight) was popular for movie crowd. So, take YOUR pick.CBC's great beers and tasty bar dishes, especially their attractive prices did make us very happy! CBC will probably become one of my favorite places for happy hours. Next time, we'll give their loft bar a try, and perhaps, even stay on to sample their dinner menu.Peterskis, Sept 2012
4	Excellent beer. And the deep dish Chicago pizza is great., robust sauce and big. My wife had the Caesar salad wrap and she says it was quite good .
5	I will make this short and sweet. I posted pictures of the food. It is as good as it looks. The head cook came to our table and said hello. The place is very clean. You can see into the kitchen. I had pizza and salad. Its got TVs and beer! So you will love this spot if your a sports nut like my husband. It can be a romantic lil spot. Nice lil cuddle spots if you get a booth. Its a must return to for me and the husband. Its a lot of beer snobs at this location so if you want to sit around talking about how great the beer is others will join in and give their 2 cents :)
3	Specialty beer is definitely worth a try. Everything else is decent beer. Very good resemblance of Chicago style food like their pizza
4	PizzA was pretty good, happy hour is a pretty good
3	This is for the Irish nachos.. Gross!! Mixing cheese sauce with shredded cheese is disgusting!! Just use cheddar people! The beer selection was great and tasted really good. Next time we come back we will do without the nachos
4	Cant beat 24hours.  I had sliders with caramelized onions and blue cheese... delicious. Their IPA isnt half bad either.
4	Chicago Brewing Co. -- An UPDATE THREE THINGS..I NOTICED IN LAST SUNDAY's Happy Hour:1. Its Happy Hour STARTS at 4pm, NOT at 5pm as I had mistakenly thought before.2. Beware:  There is "NO Happy Hour SEATING at the Bar Counter downstairs"!3. Its HH is POPPING during game time with excited screaming fans (me included)!YES, its attractive offers are still ALL there, i.e.:- 22oz draft for $2.50; wine, 3; well drinks, 4; delicious HH bar dishes ($3-6) ); - Its reverse HH still goes between 10-midnight (I've got to give it a try after movies sometime)!YELPY DETAILS YOU CAN IGNORE:- After a long walk in Pueblo Park yesterday (Sunday) afternoon, I wisely decided to hydrate myself properly, well, deliciously! So, I went to CBC for the 22oz draft and thin crust pepperoni pizza($6 plus $1 extra for pepperoni)...over exciting NFL games!  - And...What a healthy HYDRATING experience it was, indeed! Now, here's something STRANGE about "Seating at the BAR COUNTER", though: - When I got in CBC around 4:30, I first went upstairs to take a look at their small loft bar. The bar counter itself was completely full; the lounge area still had a few bar tables. However, other than the lone barkeep, I did not see any server upstairs (perhaps, not until after 5pm). - As I was alone this time, I wanted to sit at the bar counter, so I went back to the downstairs lounge.   Here I was surprised to find out that the Happy Hour seating is "restricted" to the lounge area! In other words, one cannot have HH at the downstairs bar counter itself! - I think the reason for CBC's doing this is that they want the gaming machines available to playing customers. Perhaps, CBC knows that most their HH customers are NOT INTERESTED in playing video poker machines?- There's no such restriction in the loft bar lounge, however. - Well, luckily, I got a comfy bar table along the wall, with a great viewing angle for several tv's! The food and drinks were great! My server was pleasant and attentive. And the atmosphere was just right for the occasion! The lounge area was almost completely full by 6pm, full of screaming fans for the 49ers and later for the "home team" Bears [who lost, if you care to know, to the Texans!]BTW: - Oh yes, there's an elevator, too, hidden around the corner of the bar. So, CBC is handicapped friendly.Peterskis, Nov 2012--
5	I love going to Chicago Brewing Company and have been a return customer there for more than 2 years now.  Although the parking lot looks crowded during peak sport seasons, if you're just popping in to eat in the dining room- it's not crowded at all!  (Everyone else goes upstairs to watch the game.)  I have not tried the adventurous side of their menu, but I can vouch for their philly, fries and chicken fingers.  Members of my family have ordered the spicy chicken sandwich with ghost pepper sauce, and they love it (at least, I'm assuming the tears rolling down their cheeks are tear of joy with each bite...)  Customer service is always on point here.  Oh and be sure to try their root beer!  Yum!
3	Decent-Good craft beer (big selection) but their menu is so-so for me. I always end up noshing on their food after a couple drinks, but the menu is kind of pricy to go there just to eat. Cool environment, can get pretty busy but is often really low key.
5	All I have to say is the blueberry vanilla wheat beer is AH-mazing! Haven't been able to find anything like it anywhere else.
4	Just like Ty Murray, I found this little "Jewel" on the Northwest side of Las Vegas, just East of Red Rock Casino. And started thinking when I walked in, "You were meant for me..." (yeah, lousy Jewel reference).There's a dining room (remember, in Vegas you can still smoke in the bar areas), a bar and a secret loft cigar bar with a fireplace and an outside beer patio. Honestly, being a non-smoker, the air in the bar was fine.This is an eatery that brews beer, and brew master David Pascual has won numerous awards (well, the beers have) . There's a great assortment, I tried the IPA and the creamy Black Star Stout. The IPA is on the lighter side, a tad hoppy, not too bitter and not over whelming. They offer short mugs, 22oz mugs, the 50oz Brewtus, Pitchers, Growlers and the Brewzooka's (oh my).You're my boy Blue!Well, maybe not.I ordered the Black & Blue Sliders. A compact set of three each equipped with a black angus patty dusted with cajun spice, loaded with caramelized onions and a microcosm of blue cheese crumbles.The caramelized onions were delicious, but extremely over powering. I looked, searched, opened and anticipated a burst of blue cheese, but sadly found just a smidgen, a dot, barely a hint of that penicillin-added mold culture we know as blue cheese.  Just rename the thing the Caramelized Onion Slider, don't tease us with Cajun Spices or Blue Cheese...or better yet, offer a side of Blue Cheese- and for goodness sake, spell it BLEU Cheese.Friendly service, the bar is loaded with video poker, so sitting at the rail is tough. The high back tables in the bar area are comfortable and it's not too loud, bright or over powering with smoke.
5	I went here to watch the Bears game and they are losing the game.  Had a bit of fun time last night dragged myself here. Alex, the waitress was like a cute little sister she sat down with me and helped me pick the menu. The hostess was very friendly and put me in a booth to watch the game. I ordered the Reuben. I must say all the staff seems genuinely friendly relaxed and it was refreshing in a NON smoking  environment in the dining room downstairs. The Reuben was stacked high & freshly sliced which came with cross cut sweet potato fries. Very good!The only issue I would like to hear the game here but perhaps in the bar the  game audio is on.  The dining room had Christmas carols playing  in the background.
4	have been trying out some Brewery's around town.  My friend went to this one said I needed to try it out.  The beer we had was the Amber and their Stout.  They were both pretty good.  I had the Chicago Dog, in order to fulfill my chicago cravings.  It was a good dog, but nothing like what you get at Wrigley.Upstairs is a smoking/cigar lounge.  Its a cool place to hang out, specially if you like cigars.  In terms of the service, it was to be expected.  The bartenders there were friendly and accommodating.  There isn't much more to ask for from an environment like this.  Either way, a pretty good place to grab a beer.
4	I come here for my Iceacholics fantasy football drafts but this year decided too add fantasy hockey too draft night at Chicago Brewing Co. One of teammates gets us the hook up if weather permits we get a reserve section out in the beer garden area (they only run that during the summer months) just did it inside since too cold. We were upstairs bar area. Part of the restaurant that most people don't know about but lot more spacious then the downstairs bar area. It carpeted upstairs, the lounge chairs lot more comfortable (downstairs more stand up bar stool/chair), and even have little arcade type area have golden tee and couple other games.  Watching any games have more then enough televisions upstairs or downstairs. They do also sell cigars if in the mood for stogie and cognac. The restaurant area not all that big but have ample amount of booths and tables too choose from. It interesting setup since you literally have three different area can hang out at! They do have great prices for HH. It been while since came here for HH. The beer here is delicious! Every time I keep coming love mixing up my brews from darker stouts too lighter ales. I know not many brewery in Vegas but feel Chicago Brewing Company Brew the best craft beers in Vegas. They mix it up from time too time and they do seasonal beers all the time.The food I order the Italian Beef Sandwich. I believe it first time ordered this sandwich and why not ordered it sooner. Not that I had problem with any of there sliders (they have few too choose from) I love! Especially if put some Ghost sauce on the sliders or just about anything goes well. The KEY is NOT ON THE MENU.......So if want too get kicked by some SERIOUS heat just have ask the server for some Ghost sauce. We got some last night. Italian Beef Sandwich had so much flavor no need too kick it up. The pickled jalapenos, roasted bell peppers, onions, and something else all combine put on top of the sandwich. You have cup of au jus dip it in. So good!! The fries nothing special skinny cut fries. Even if nothing special refreshing basic fries come out hot and well seasoned. Sure this sandwich would order again and again.
3	I've been here many times. Primarily because it's the closest bar to where I live.If you're a member of the younger crowd 21-35 you'll probably love this place. If you're looking for a quite place to get away and have a drink this is not the place.Friday and Saturday nights, as well as many evenings, the place is so packed it's hard to find a spot at the bar.You'll find a lot of kids yelling and screaming acting as if it's the first time they've ever had a drink.As for there food I've tried most everything on the menu and every time it's been a disappointment.The staff is usually very friendly and attentive.So although I go here on a regular basis I wouldn't give it high marks. But like I said if you're younger and want to hang out with a louder crowd you'll probably enjoy this place.
4	This is a difficult review, because if it were a bar/brewery only, I would EASILY give them 4 stars. I think their beer is pretty solid, and the happy hours prices are excellent. There are a few things that irked me, but we'll get to them. I was here with a pretty large party, so I suppose you should take that into account. Service wasn't exceptional, and maybe serving a large party affects that somewhat. The manager of the restaurant was extremely polite and accomodating, and I appreciate that. I don't regret celebrating here at all-- I'm glad I chose this place. I probably could have done just as well picking a big ol' corporate BJ's brewery or a Yardhouse, but as always, I give preference to smaller businesses and experience their unique spin on food. I tried their standard pale, which was very smooth but perhaps a bit uninspiring. Perhaps it could have been a bit more floral but it was very easy to drink and that is a plus. Their amber is sweet and comforting. Better than a bottle of Fat Tire no doubt. I also tried their brown ale. Slightly less malty than a New Castle, but again, fairly easy to drink. Trying these beers was fun and I would like to try more of them. The coconut porter looks especially tempting, so I'll have to save that for next time.My food experience wasn't phenomenal, but it was decent enough I suppose. I ordered the italian beef sandwich, because my understanding is that its' an authentic Chicago food item. The meat was perhaps a tad more well done than I would have liked, and salty, but the Au Jois was adequate. The macaroni salad was pretty standard. The chicago pizza that others ordered looked pretty agreeable, and the Reuben looked delicious-- I think I will choose it next time. I think it's a bit silly that happy hour is not allowed in the dining area. Several from my party walked over to the bar and brought back beers at a much better price than the rest of us who had to order at full price. I don't quite see the purpose of this policy, but hey it's not my business. For my birthday, a complementary chocolate pizookie was served.  I am partial to chocolate but it was honestly pretty damn good, and I do appreciate gestures such as this. So how does this place stack up to a BJ's or Yardhouse? Probably about even. I'd give them a 3.5, rounded up to 4 because of that personal touch, and the novelty of brewing their own beers. I WOULD certainly recommend this place for an event , just manage your expectations I suppose. It was a cool looking, fun environment to celebrate in and I thank them for helping me have a fun night.
3	Decent pizza at a fair price. Sat outside on the patio on a lovely day and enjoyed my lunch
4	This is the first time I have been here in years.  The previous time the beer was average at best.  I was very surprise on how nice the brews have come along.  I only had the Red and the IPA.  But both were ver good.  I was disappointed that I could only get the IPA in a pint and not the 22 oz.  The food was above average bar food.  the bartender was kind of stand offish but nice when she came around (sidenote...she is/was pregnent so I have to assume it would be hard to be in the  work mood)
4	Place had a really good IPA. I went with a local that has lived here for 30 years. He was right about this place it is really good. The beer was good as well as the pizza and appetizers. Would go there again.  I could recommend it.
3	Food was pretty good but service was lacking. We sat outside and enjoyed the day. Would return if I was in the area but definitely not seeking it out...
3	I've been here twice. The first time, we sat up in the loft area.  There was a pungent overpowering smoke odor and I just felt like I wanted to shower as soon as I got home to get the smell out of my hair.  We sat at a table and one of us had to get up each time and order pitchers at a time since it took awhile to get drinks.The second time, I sat with a few friends at the tables on the first floor by the fireplace.  The service was extremely slow and I realized after awhile it was because the main bartender was also running around grabbing table orders too.  I'm not sure if that's usually how it is, but that definitely caused a delay in service.  Again, we'd preemptively order a couple drinks at once to hold us over until he came back around.Don't ask why, but I ordered the ahi tuna salad. At a bar. Hmm.  It was actually pretty okay though.  Too much salad to tuna ratio, but it was okay.  I wouldn't order it again though.  The general agreement from my other friends about the food was that it was okay.If I was rating just beer, I would give this place 4 stars.  They have a house blueberry vanilla kinda beer that is really yummy.  Their house beers are good and I'd go back for that alone.  I really like their house blonde, it's light and tasteful.  But the service is just terrible and the food is just okay. And they don't have that famous big glass drink thing they used to that I've heard people talk about (sorry for the ambiguity since I've never actually seen it).
4	They are right across my house, they have nice beer, and  good prices. So definitely in my favorite beer place.I used to be a Gordon Biersh fan, but after I discovered this place, it's my go to place for beer.
5	If you enjoy drinking a nice beer as much as I do, then you have to come to Chicago. They brewed their own beer so you will always find something different. If you like girly/ sweet beers, then you must to try the strawberry wheat. Although this is a seasoning beer, they always have something fruity in their menu.  However, if you are embarrassed to drink a fruity beer then the hefeweisen is always a good option. The best part about Chicago is not their beer selection, but their PRICES!! If  You go during happy hour,( I believe is from 4pm to 7pm ) you can get a entire pitcher for only $5.00 bucks!! Really... you cannot bet that price. Their food is good, their ambiance is awesome and their staff is amazing..
3	Tried their beer sampler- it was very good! I tried their garlic knots and calamari, both are very good! I look forward to trying the rest of the menu!However, these are my complaints: my friend ordered a grasshopper for me. Don't get me wrong- it was very delicious. However, when it came to the bill, it appeared charged as a Colorado Bulldog (those are two COMPLETELY DIFFERENT drinks). Also, my friend asked me to suggest him s drink to order at the bar (I'm a bartender) and I suggested a Sombrero (milk and Kahlua, nothing special) the bartenders apparently were clueless on what it was, apparently googled it and still had no idea what it was or even nearly claimed it does not exist. But yet they have a button on the register for a Colorado Bulldog?! (basically a sombrero with a splash of cola)Well, I really want to like this place. I'm giving it another try, just because the food was great.
4	Yay! I am so very happy that we loved this place. There's a very relaxed environment, I love that you can look right into the kitchen all the while following your team on the flat screens. We ate in the main dining room, downstairs and didn't venture around - but it was a great experience. I had the Strawberry Harvest Wheat brew and it was delightful, not overpowering and quite refreshing. I was interested in the steak sandwich; however, the waiter talked me into the club sandwich. The portion was huge - which is good for taking home, but the club itself was so large that I couldn't actually take a bite. It was cut into quarters, and speared with a long toothpick - but there wasn't a good way to take a bite of it. I ended up with a handful of food that I just had to kind of gently shove into my mouth. I was NOT happy with it. My husbands hot pastrami sandwich was phenomenal! We will absolutely be back to try this out again; although I will definitely not be getting the club sandwich. :)
5	We have eaten here several times.  Everything I've eaten has been superb.  I love the country fried filet mignon.  But if you want something lighter the ceasar salad is wonderful, the dressing is really good.  My daughters love the garlic knots, which are so filling you could make a whole meal out of them.  My second favorite dish is the steak sandwich, it's tender juicy and definitely large enough to fill you up. If you are still hungry at the end, try a Blondie and Clyde....takes a while for the desert but well worth the wait.
3	After work one night my co-workers and I decided to stop by here for some draaaaaaaanks n' food. This was my first time here... We ordered some dranks and a BUNCH of food. No complaints, your average bar food and we are drinkin so it's allll good anyway! I never saw the bill, just threw down some money to pitch in but I think they have some good drink specials... We were hangin' out upstairs which I guess closes earlier than the downstairs bar which I found a LITTLE annoying but I guess we could have just moved the party downstairs, however we just called it a night then anyway. I would definitely go back for some more draaaaaanks n' food for a fun low key night!
4	Great atmosphere and very accommodating. Put tables together, Alicia was very attentive and took care of everything.
3	From the outside the place looks great. Inside decor is not so much - nothing special. Saturday night place was kind of dead, yet the service was really slow. Our server asked if we wanted to reuse our beer glasses and we were drinking different kinds of beers.  Food came out, our server did not ask if we wanted refills on our drinks - glasses were empty. Food was pretty good and seemed fresh.
3	On the few times a year I am out late, this is a dependable place to get okay food and a drink before heading home.I am not a fan of their beers, but they have plenty of other beers in bottles.I like the ghost wings and pizzas.I would go to BJ's over this place during the day, but a good place to go ending a night out.
4	Being from Chicago I have to say that If you can't eat the crust by itself, its not good pizza. This is one of the few places in Las Vegas that got it right. Make sure you order the Garlic Knots. I highly recommend them and The Cinnamon Roll knots are awesome.
4	Interesting menu~ looking forward to exploring it further! "Black and Bleu Sliders" are a culinary head trip~  To start with, they are thicker than most, and mine were cooked to perfection! (Tasted like beef~ Seriously!) The carmelized onions were sweet, candy-sweet~ The chipotle-mayo was a sneaky character~ An intensifier~ And the acid from the Bleu crumbles balanced the bite to perfection!  Steak fries were crisp and airy, which was a pleasant surprise for a Vegas Pub~ They do this one right, and if you are a food-dude or dudette~ Do yourself a favor and give this one a try!  The staff was busy and pleasant in the downstairs bar, and the basketball playoff game was drama, even if you're not a huge fan of the sport~A nice deviation from most Vegas pub food~
3	Food portions are huge so bring an appetite. The brewed beers a good as well and they run a good happy hour. Not quite true Chicago style but a good place to stop for a quick beer and snack before a movie at the thearter next door or a good place to catch a game.
4	we moved to vegas a year ago and this our favorite deep dish pizza place.  The deep dish pizza is very good.  The beer is fair.  The serivice is good but it takes forever. We like to order out.  Everyone that visits loves the pizza
5	On the Saturday afternoon of Memorial Day Weekend, my Dad and I decided to check out Chicago Brewing Company.  He loves beer and I love daytime drinking so our only requirements were somewhere that you could have/do both. We got the BEST seating outside, directly under the speakers that were playing the BEST 80's songs.  We had so much fun guessing artists and song titles while drinking in the shade. The beer flight there is a STEAL! You pretty much get to try every beer (I don't recall the exact number) and for a great price (I don't recall the price either, sorry!). They also have chilled Fireball just WAITING for you to shoot. The best part for me was complimenting our server on what a great job she was doing, only to find out that she's actually a busser! She said our original server got too overwhelmed with his other tables so she had to take over our table.  I was just in awe that someone with such little serving knowledge gave me one of the best dining experiences that I can recall.  I wish I could remember her name but CBC I hope you promoted her to be a server!!I highly recommend the hot wings as well.  If you're gonna go big and get beer and Fireball -ya gotta get hot wings.  We tried their 'death sauce' or whatever they call it - basically the hottest of the hot. But being hot sauce connoisseurs it wasn't anything we couldn't handle. This was my first and only experience at CBC but I can't wait to go back!
4	First off this place had the best food! The garlic knots are the shiz. Pizzas as well! Not to mention brews on brews! I love the heff w/ an orange! The only thing about Chicagos that sucks is the vibe. It's just a regular bar, cool but nothing special. Quality wise Chicagos has the upper hand though over mainstream bars like PT's. if you're looking for custom brews and some serious bar food Chicagos is your place! If you're looking for something high class and date worthy it's definitely not going to knock the socks off your potential mate. Four stars.
4	Probably the best Chicago deep dish pizza in Las Vegas.  Definitely beats B.J's deep dish, maybe Amore's...  not sure I think I have to go back to make sure since it's been a while.  The crust is amazing and for sure the best crust I've ever had in my life!  Also had the garlic knots which were decent.
4	Nice staff, clean, lots of places to watch games etc pizza is not bad and the beer is good, I reccomend this place
5	I had this place bookmarked after seeing several delicious looking pictures being posted on yelp. Hubby and I decided to come here for dinner and we left full and satisfied. The beer here is brewed on site and has won several awards at the Great American Beer Festival and The World Beer Cup. Did I try any beer? Nope! Another visit I will though ;)We sat in a comfy booth in the dining area. Our server was very nice and checked on us often and went over any questions we had. The menu had so many good choices so hubby and I decided to pick out 2 different things to share. We ordered the "Buffalo Chicken Wrap" priced at $10 and the "South Side Cheese Steak" priced at $10 with a $3 up charge for the substitution of onion rings instead on fries.Buffalo Chicken Wrap - The chicken tenders are handmade and tossed in hot sauce then put into a tortilla with lettuce, tomato and chipotle ranch. I asked them to leave the lettuce out. The chicken was all white and cooked perfectly. The whole wrap would have been good to me if the hot sauce wasn't on it. It wasn't hot at all and tasted like straight up vinegar. The portion was great and the fries that came with it were delicious. I asked for a side of ranch to dip my fries in and the ranch was cold, thick and delicious. Hubby thought the wrap was OK, but this isn't something I personally would order again unless is was minus the funky vinegar flavor. South Side Cheese Steak - This has beef with peppers, mushrooms, and onions, with their our own signature beer cheese sauce. This sandwich was just delicious! The steak was tender and flavorful, the peppers and onions cooked just right and the beer cheese sauce makes this sandwich a match made cheese steak heaven! The onion rings were beer battered and yummy! I could easily just eat a plate of the onion rings!Happy Hour is daily from 4 - 7 pm. HH is only available in the beer garden, loft and lounge according to their menu.While there we noticed a promotion for "Slot August Nights" where you can stop in and enter to win a 1966 Ford Mustang! You can enter at their other locations Magoos, Loose Caboose, Golden West and of course here at Chicago Brewing Company. Just ask your server for details.
4	Went in for dinner, hostess was nice and friendly.  My friend ordered a chicken sandwich and I ordered country fried filet.  Both dishes were really tasty and the service was very good. We had the garlic knots for an appetiser and they were really tasty.  Would definitely go back!!!
5	This place is just good. I have been twice now and regret not eating here sooner. I have only been in the dining area so I can't speak for the rest of the place, but apparently there is a beer garden, cigar room, full bar and outdoor seating. my fellow yelper buddy, Ethan Z., has been trying out some pastrami sandwiches in my honor. I decided to try out the pastrami sandwich here just for him! Too bad he couldn't be here to taste it because it was damn good. I also tried a chili cheese dog that was very good. The dog had homemade beer chili, cheese and green onions on it. The dog came with a side of fries that were good especially dipped in their homemade ranch. I would order both again and probably will.The service here is great and the servers checked on us often.
3	I gave a mid rating only due to the fact that I only had alcohol & the place has a smoking section. First time here & the place is broken into a smoking & non smoking area seperated by a door. This is awesome for non smokers as they get to enjoy the bar & restuarant w/o the issue of smoke. The downfall is if you sit in the non smoking area there's no bar. I tend to want to sit at a bar because normally it's faster service & you can chat w/ the bartenders too.We decided to go to the bar which is located in the smoking area, both. We chose the upstairs bar which is small about 8 seats total. There is a small table w/ lounge type chairs, about 6 in that same area. It was great because we got to interact w/ the bartender who was very tentative to us & all the other patrons as well. He even suggested a twist on an old classic. There is a small balcony which we got to step out to to grab some air.We must have come at the right time because there was very little to no smoke around us. Either that or people were just being very respectful to the non smokers, which is hard to find at a place these days. The drinks were on point & we were never fully empty before the next round came. That's a sign of a good bartender. Solid place! Next time we will try the food!
4	My family really likes this place. The outdoor seating is wonderful, especially with a young child. The happy hour specials are great, and can be utilized outside. I enjoy the food, the beers, and the pizza is a nice replacement for almost the real Chicago deal. The service is top notch.I am looking forward to the cooler weather, to enjoy lazy weekends on the patio, watching sports and enjoying the amazing food and service.
5	Great food and super friendly bartenders/servers.   Definitely will go back.
4	Great service and fabulous food, brews are just as they have always been tasty.
5	One of my favorite places to eat, drink and enjoy cigars. They have awesome food, love their chicken fingers.. massive amount of fresh chicken and the sauce is great. Craft beers are very good and the service is always top notch. Their cigar lounge is upstairs and they have several big TVs and comfortable seating. There is a small patio on the N side if you would like to sit outside. Their happy hour is great and sometimes they run the specials during games as well as 4 to 7.
3	This place offers a smoking and a non smoking side. The menu has a some Chicago favorites but not as many as you would think from the name. The beers are good and what you expect from brewery's today. Nothing I would go out of my way for, but good while you are there.
4	Okay place to grab a beer and watch the game. The food is average and prices are okay not to pricey but not cheap.
5	I was so pleasantly surprised by this place! The brewmaster does excellent work! I tried 6 beers: the stout, hefe, IPA, blueberry wheat, triple, and quadruple. All of them were excellent! I like trying breweries and craft brews everywhere I visit, and I usually find that each brewery has a couple of really good beers and a few not so good. At  Chicago brewing company, I did not try a single mediocre beer! This may be the best brewery I've been to, as the beers are across the board good, especially the triple and quadruple, which I hope they make permanent items. I typically do not like beers with fruit, so I ordered just a sample of the blueberry wheat. It was good, and the blueberry taste was neither fake nor overpowering. The food was decent, which is more of a bonus for me with a brewery. I had the happy hour chicken tenders, which were quite good. I then ordered some sliders, but I was so full from chicken tenders and beers, that I couldn't do much damage there. The sweet potato fries are waffle fries, and decent. The sliders were good too. My only disappointment was with the staff. The service was excellent, but when you go to a beer place, you expect to be surrounded by beer fanatics. Apparently the servers have a mild interest in beer at best. I still highly recommend this place to any beer connoisseur! You will not be disappointed.
4	try the beer...quad damn it...went home with a growler of it last night...
2	I called in an order and it included a buffalo wrap and garlic knots. I asked to have the buffalo wrap mild but when I got home and had the first bite, my mouth was on fire! I think they accidentally put it as HOT instead of mild. What a terrible mistake. It was too spicy, I couldn't even eat more than two bites. I ended up throwing it away. There goes $10. I also ordered the garlic knots. Now those were pretty good. However, the menu on yelp said it would be $5 but when I got the bill, it was $8. I know $3 isn't much of a difference but the prices should be listed correctly! There goes $20 down the drain. I was not impressed. The service wasn't good but it wasn't bad. Then again, what should I expect from a brewery/restaurant. I would like to come back to give this place another try but we'll see.. This review was based on my "to-go order experience."
5	Super awesome!!! 5 star food and 5 star friendly service.  Baked ziti with Italian sausage to die for.  Definitely two meals, baked in a garlic crust. Heavenly.   Black and white sliders delicious.   Angus beef, blue cheese, carmilized onion.  You have to have the ranch chips......yummmy...home made food at very affordable prices.   The lemoncello is secret Italian recipe.   Do eat and drink here.   Will be back....
4	I was pleasantly surprised with Chicago Brewing.  Not sure why, but for some reason I wasn't expecting much.  We sat in the bar area and ordered a sampler of all the beers, 9 total.  They were all actually pretty good!  I liked that they had all different types, everything from Wheat beers to IPA's.  Some were better than others but they were all good.  We each ordered a glass of our favorite and had a plate of garlic knots, which were also good.  The service was fast and friendly and I noticed they had an upstairs area along with the bar and main restaurant.  The food menu had lots of choices and they also have a full bar in case you don't like beer.
4	This place is crazy cheap and it is 24 hours!  I rarely come out to bars but this is a pretty nice bar that isn't too sketch and has plenty of sitting space.  I hate when I have to stand the whole night waiting for a stool.  This place has plenty of tables downstairs and lots of couches and seats upstairs too.  Definitely a good spot to hang out.  Fireball shots are only $6 each!  Cost-effective if you ask me.
3	Great place for happy hour (minus the smoke). Can't beat $2 draft beers, I love the hefeweizen. If it wasn't for the smoke, I'd give it a higher rating. Maybe I'm just spoiled from all other places without smoking these days.
2	The food wasn't that great. The sliders were lacking flavor. The thin pizza was made with some funky dough. The kind of dough that you get from Pizza Hut. The service was spotty. Our server would disappear at times. He also didn't have much of a smile in his face and it felt like he didn't want to be there.
3	We were in tonight for dinner. We sat in The dining room because the bars were both full. It was football Sunday at the the end of the season so that is to be expected. Our server was really attentive and rocked it. She checked on us often but wasn't annoying about it even though the dining room was empty. We started with the steak sauce fries which were absolutely yummy. I would definitely suggest them to anyone coming in. After eating those I was expecting our sandwiches to be just as amazing and they just missed the mark completely. I had the NY steak sandwich. The garlic aioli sauce on it was the only thing that saved it. The French bread was really soggy, the steak itself had no flavor. It could've at least had some salt and pepper on it. Overall the food was good but with BJs and Claimjumpers so close in distance I was hoping for better food for the price. I will stick to the other two instead and possibly stop in to pick up those fries again.
4	I've visited Chicago Brewing Co. various times for business lunches, nighttime drinks at the bar area, and even for a group fantasy hockey draft event. The service in this place is superb. The food is quite good as well and I believe they offer daily lunch specials. So far I have had both the pozole soup/pizza combo and the fish and chips (each lunch special was $10). The soup was very good, pizza was cooked well, and the fish and chips were spot on but the portion size left a bit to be desired. The craft beers here are extraordinary. You'd be hard pressed to find one you didn't enjoy! From pale ales to IPAs to blonde ales, they typically have the perfect beverage for any pallet. Boasting upstairs and downstairs bar areas to enjoy these custom brews in addition to a cigar smoking area with cigars readily available for purchase, makes Chicago Brewing Company one of the coolest spots to hit for a night out away from the strip.
2	Must be a beer thing, cuz the food sucked.
4	Went for dinner last Friday.  The most notable item consumed was definitely the spinach and artichoke dip!  ($10) probably the best I've had in Vegas.  Delicious thick white cheese and not a ton of pesky vegetable spinach.  Comes with baisc tortilla chips.  Nice portion!  Also had a decent buffalo chicken wrap served spicy style...not too spicy...came with thin fries. ($10)  Wanted to try the mango wheat but resisted.  Good job by Jonny our waiter keeping the iced tea flowing.
3	We stopped in for a quick bite after seeing a movie nearby. Sat in the bar area, which surprisingly was not smoky (unlike many other bars in town). There were a few people playing slots, but it didn't seem like this place is driven by its gaming presence. In the past, I have not been that impressed with the beers here. I'm not sure if they've changed their recipes or their brew master, or if my tastes have changed, but my husband and I both enjoyed our selections: the Ramblin' Reck (amber ale) for him, and the IPA for me.We weren't that hungry, so we split two orders of sliders: meatballs and buffalo chicken. Both were fine but underseasoned. Each was served with a sizable side of fries, which neither of us finished.The rest of the menu seemed like typical bar fare -- burgers, pizza, salads, sandwiches -- but I think I'll stick with the beer next time. See you for patio weather!
4	Chicago Brewing Company is Legend-ary!The fresh brews are all tasty. The Amber being superior. Upstairs is a nice cigar-friendly lounge complete with second bar, leather chairs, plenty of seating, and patios for fresh air. I've spent a lot of time at this bar and really enjoy the atmosphere.
4	Great service and a cozy bar environment. They have a back section where you can get away from people and chat with your friends. They have deep dish pizza, but just like Windy City, it's not REALLY deep dish. It's not deep enough! I don't understand why they can't make the crust thicker by using a deeper pan. The crust was REALLY good though and the pizza, in general, was delicious, so I'm not going to complain too much. They brew their own beer, too; I had their light ale and it was very drinkable. :) If I'm in the area again, I'll stop in fo' sho'!
4	I took my sister out for dinner here. This place is awesome! We had Teriyaki wings and deep dish chicken Alfredo pizza soo delicious!! Loved the beer sampler as well! When I come back to Vegas def coming back!
2	Signed up for yelp to leave this review. Making this review while waiting for my check. It's been at least 30 minutes since my bartender has even acknowledged me, though he has helped customers to my immediate left and right. I have had my empty beer mug pushed as far to the inside of the bar as possible and I haven't even been asked if I'd like another drink. Service is atrocious and I will never be back. I will also advice everyone e I know to stay away.
5	Excellent Beer and appetizers and service. I highly recommend for tapas, good beer and cigars during happy hours. The calamari was excellent and cooked to perfection.
4	Good selection on the beer, especially when they're having the seasonal beer. Great atmosphere at second floor bar/lounge. Food selection here is pretty good too. Whoever likes spicy food you must try the Ghost Wings. Chicken wings with ghost Chilli pepper sauce, hottest pepper in the world. They should have a challenge here for eating those wings. Another signature item must try is their garlic knots.  Overall a fun place to hang out and enjoy their hand craft beers.
1	Not so Good, fries burnt other half not cooked.burger wasn't anything to talk about Tuna salad was Nasty Tuna was spoiled but they made good on it. U be better getting McDonald's and little ceazers pizza
1	TERRIBLE!  I so wanted this place to be great...unfortunately, it was disgusting!  The ahi plum salad had fish that should not have been served atop over-dressed wilted greens. They DID take it off of our check, but it never should have made it to our table. Half of my bf's fries were over-cooked, half were under-cooked...you could see the color difference. It was the first time I've ever seen BBQ sauce on a burger not move; he was able to hold his burger, shake it and the sauce still not drip or even slide around at all. While I had no beer, the bf ordered their blonde and it was flat. My "date night" ended an hour ago when my bf went to bed sick to his stomach. WY to cock block Chicago Brewing Company!
1	Horrible food, Buffalo sliders tasted like puuure salt sweet potatoe fries tastes burnt and hard as a rock, servers were rude and non helpful.
3	Great patio seating for afternoon dining- shaded with a barrier to muffle the traffic noise and block exhaust fumes, as well as lights for evening hours.Service was dismal- saw signage advertising their lunch special and ordered it, was not told about it by our server. Other than being super cute and taking our order, then later bringing our check, didn't see much of our server as other staff brought out our food and we were not asked how we liked it until it was nearly gone. Initially intended to ask for ketchup but never saw anyone to ask. Seemed like we may have been a bit forgotten on the back patio.Ordered the lunch special of a ham and cheese melt with a cup of the soup of the day- cream of mushroom. Sandwich was a good value with tons of ham- a bit salty for my liking but like I said, good value. Soup was very tasty and smooth, with good flavor. Added a side of onion rings, which was about ten rings for $3- perfectly crisp in beer batter, did not fall apart while eating.My guy had the 10 piece hot wings with a cup of chili- wings were not hot but had good flavor and were a large size, priced well at $10 for the order coming out to a dollar a wing. Would come back for these wings despite lack of heat, wish they offered more sauces. Chili was also good quality- meaty with a few kidney beans, topped with green onions and cheese. Beer used in cooking was clearly eviden in the flavor of the dish itself.My office occasionally has happy hour meetups here, and after experiencing the food I'll have to attend next time. Highly recommend the soups to order, and patio seating for dining and enjoying the weather.
4	Chicagos isn't quite what it use to be but still a great place! First, they don't have the celery salad any more! It was so good! Second, the servers just aren't what they use to be. Yea, I don't regular this place like I use to but at once a week, at least, you'd think they'd start remembering their regulars, after all they tip better. There are very few servers that are still there and still don't recall us. But the service isn't the worst and most will check on you before HH is over, big bonus. The HH is still the best at $6 a pitcher for craft local beer! The food portion is yet to catch up or rather has fell behind, it use to be way better. But alas it is still the best place to sit on the patio and have a beer. Recently, we were told the patio was closed due to damage to the patio wall. A couple times we checked in on the status of the patio being open, it's the best place to air and the perfect weather!, each time however getting various degrees of confused looks and responses. But yet there were people seen on the patio on a couple nights when I drove by. Seemed there was a major miscommunication on the situation? Weird, Chi-brew lost our business several times during that period. On the last try we called ahead, I didn't make the phone call but Traci T said they talked to her like she asked them if they served beer. 'Duh our patios open.  But I was excited! When we got there the wall was damaged but if I hadn't of know I wouldn't have know, ya know! ;)Visit Chi-brew, it's a great local place!
3	I have to give this 3 stars because of the food & food alone. I've been here more than a handful of times & before, I always sat in the dining room. There, the service is excellent.But the last couple of time I went, me & my guy sat in the bar. We went in the middle of the week & usually around 12 or 1 for lunch. I understand that the servers that wait in the bar area also have tables in the dining room area but they need to manage their tables better.Our server was nice enough, a bit awkward & standoffish. He took our drink order & my guy wanted to sample a couple of their house beers which the server brought quickly enough. Then he went into the dining room & didn't reappear for a while. My guy had decided which beer he wanted to order but our server was nowhere to be found. No biggie, we waited & another server ended up asking us if we needed something. After we placed our order & my guy got his beer, the wait wasn't long for our food to come out. And boy was it amazing!I've had their baked ziti with chicken (which I adore) & their pizza & both have been excellent but for lunch I love getting sandwiches from bars. So I ordered their hot pastrami sandwich (for the second time) & bf got their "black & blue sliders" & instead of regular fries, upgraded to their smokehouse fries. (Note: I may be wrong about the name of the fries. Basically it's steak fries with melted cheese, bacon, chives, creme fresh, & other stuff I think) The pastrami sandwich is awesome! It's served on marble rye bread (my favorite rye) that is crispy & crunchy & not at all soggy, the pastrami is perfect, and it comes with melted Swiss cheese & cole slaw (on the sandwich). The combination of the hot pastrami & the cool crispy cole slaw is divine. It's exactly the way a sandwich should be made. My hats are off to the cooks. My side was their regular fries which are pretty lackluster & bland. But I never care about the fries. Bf said the black & blue sliders were good (who can go wrong with steak & bleu cheese?) but that the "smokehouse fries" were not very good. I had a bite & they were alright but very sweet. The problem was what happened after we got our food. The server asked us if we needed anything else & we said no....and then he didn't come to our table again until we made it obvious we needed him. He came in a couple of times but never came up to us. Once even when we were done with our food and clearly just sitting there. Finally he came in, took an order at the table next to us, went on our other side & asked if that table wanted more beer, and eventually landed at our table. We asked him for a box & the check & when he came back, I just handed him my debit card without even looking at the check. And I NEVER do that. But I was afraid we'd never see him again. He came back fairly quickly & gave me my receipt. While this was going on, another couple had come in & sat at a table & no one had come up to them at all in 5 minutes. No acknowledgement, no menus, nada. They got mad & left. I could see the woman telling the hostess & being pretty upset about it & frankly, I don't blame her. I would have done the same thing. Our server could at least acknowledged her. He saw that they had left & after the woman stopped talking to the hostess & walked out, that's when he walked out to the host stand to inquire about it. Nice. Bottom line: if you want to eat in the bar area, prepare to wait. If it wasn't for their awesome food, I'd never go back again. But sometimes you have to put up with sub-par service if you want a great meal.
3	I've been wanting to try this place out for a while now and my first visit was definitely a pleasant one. The man who greeted us at the door was very polite and showed us to our table. It was such a nice day out that we decided to take advantage of the outdoor seating area. It was really nice and had plenty of shade. We couldn't come here and not try a deep dish pizza. We ordered one with pepperoni and sausage and some steak house fries as an appetizer. Everything came out great and tasted as good as it looked. I'll be back again when the mood strikes for good pizza with a good beer.
5	Holy Cow!!!!! Have you tried the Pizzas???? If you havent, you're doing yourself a GREAT disservice! The pizzas and food in this establishment are amazing (the 4 Queens location too). The Service here is attentive, but the service at the other location inside the 4 Queens is the opposite. You need a neon sign around your neck saying "Help me" over there!
1	I've been to the brewery a few times and enjoyed it the fruit flavored blueberry beer is really good so ordered the beer the bare tender told me we are all out of any fruity beers. I seriously doubted it. Cus the guy next to him said under his breath keep that fruity shit downstairs. How are you of of beer at a brewery what a joke. Being that it has a Chicago name most would assume it's a Chicago sports friendly bar. Well the other night during the Chicago Hockey game there were plenty of Chicago fans I jokingly said to the bartender hey were in a Chicago bar why aren't you a Chicago fan?! Wow the attitude I got from the bartender and the customer at the bar was amazing. He responded this isn't a Chicago bar!!  I will never return there again used to be my go to spot to watch football games. Just a price of advice have Chicago friendly bartenders at least support the name. Jeez. I felt like I was in LA with the way they acted.
4	Tasty food, been coming here on and off for years. Machines aren't bad, won some and loss some. Cocktails and beers for all
4	Came for a private party. Who knew they had an upstairs?  Nice lil area with a full bar. They had an appetizer buffet set up for the party. I'm not big on fingers but theirs are so good! Might have to do my husbands party here.
4	Beers are great!! Food is outstanding.... from the salads (yes, salads) to the deep dish pizzas to sliders to the baked ziti that probably weighs 4 lbs, DELISH!! My boyfriend and I have been 5 times now and has become one of our favorite spots, and we're picky!!Would have rated it a 5 star but due to the terrible service we receive EVERY TIME we are there, yes, EVERY TIME, I just can't rate it a full 5! Such a shame! Between the servers sitting in the back soda station complaining about anything and everything to the curt disposition the servers posses each time they need to refill water or to take your order is beyond me!! Even when I ordered my salad with no olives yet came out with olives I did not complain, the server quickly realized the mistake but without apologizing or even making eye contact takes my plate away and brings me a new one. This new one, clearly picked through for olives, STILL HAD OLIVES.... which I placed on the rim of my plate so she'd notice, oh, she noticed yet did not mention a word!! Folks, I'm not asking for a foot rub or someone to bring me food on a gold platter but is a smile or even an attempt at pretending to care about a guest that loves this bar/restaurant, that keeps returning such a large request?! I rate this place between food and beers a 5 star, service on the other had? A 1 star!!
2	In the interest of full-disclosure, this was my first visit here and I have not had another since. Overall atmosphere was less than impressive. Service was average, but nothing worth coming back for. The beer was fine, but also nothing worth making a specific trip back for. Being huge fans of BBQ chicken pizzas, we tried their version - the Brew BQ Chicken Pizza. I imagine the chicken used is the pre-cooked, sliced strips you can buy at the grocery store (which, if you've ever had, is terrible). We picked most of it off or even had to just spit it on the plate. It lacked an adequate amount of sauce and the crust was about as good as crunchy cardboard. Not saying this place doesn't have other tasty options, but I certainly won't be back to try and find them.
3	Food is okay at best but the beer is AMAZING! My favorite is the All Nighter and the sampler (you get to try 9 of their beers, including specialty and seasonal ones ) Its also really cool to bring beer lovers here or friends out of town because they brew their own beer in house which makes for a great visual.
5	We took a friend out to eat here for his birthday dinner because we wanted something that was "nice" but also "kid friendly" since he wanted to spend some time with our 2-year-old. Clearly, he doesn't have kids or he wouldn't have said this. It turns out, our server was awesome, the food and drinks came out fast. But hold the phone.. The cinnamon knots for dessert were out of this world!!! Made fresh and served hot, they melt in your mouth, not in your hands! I think I might even pop in some time just to order that and nothing else. While I am not, if you are a beer person, this is the place for you! The 2 men I was with thoroughly enjoyed "beer hopping" brews they would normally not have the opportunity to try elsewhere. And I happily sipped my glass of red wine, while my son happily enjoyed his milk.
5	only down side, no Wifi....   but we dont came here for that.
5	Great place to eat/drink/watch sports. Happy hour from 3-6 is also worth taking advantage of.Favorite beer is the chocolate stout
3	Late night burger & wings - burger rocked but the fries & wings lost their crispness since the chef forgot to pop a few holes in the styrofoam but it's ok - next day I broiled em & yum yum gimme some!
3	I came here last Friday night while I was in Vegas to hang out with my brother and my best friend...we came at around 11:30 just for a few appetizers and beer. I was surprised it wasn't busier, but it was good - there were only a few other groups in the bar area. My brother and friend liked the beer selection, I didn't really pay attention as I'm not a huge beer drinker. Service was average at best - our server checked on us maybe once after he brought our food and just seemed kind of aloof. My friend ordered wings which were DELICIOUS, but I had the chili fries - they came with tons of cheese as well as this creamy beer cheese, which was all right but it was just way too much cheese. They should do one or the other. The chili on it was good but we couldn't eat very many of them. (They were cheap though - I $9 for a HUGE plate.)I did like the feel and atmosphere of the bar and I'm going to give it another shot when I'm back in Vegas and in more of a drinking mood. Maybe if I'm drunk next time I'll love the chili fries.
5	Awesome place to go with my family we getPizza and it is always good. Good costumer service. But it always smells like smoke I thought that was from the bar. Other than that it is a good place to eat at!!!
3	My boyfriend and I went for happy hour. Its was really good we has the calamari, beef sandwhich, Reuben. Was really tasty except for the ranch chips, I would not recommend to salty. Taste like They just put ranch mix seasoning on chips. Overall I recommend coming here!
5	This is our favorite place to take the family and out of town friends for dinner.  Casual dining, with overall great food!  We always order the queso & salsa with an order of garlic knots to start.  It's become a running joke that we could drink the queso with straws, it's so good.  Whenever we're lucky enough to get her, our favorite waitress will bring us extra without us even asking.I will usually order one of their large salads, either the buffalo mozzarella or ahi tuna, but have tried the steak sandwich and buffalo chicken wrap, which are delicious.  My husband is a fan of the cheesesteak, and the pizza.  Our kids will usually share one of the HUGE entrees, and will even bring leftovers home to snack on.  Our son has ordered the kids mac-n-cheese with extra queso several times, which seems to be one of his favorite things to eat.  The sliders, sandwiches, fish & chips, and burgers are all great.  A friend ordered the chopped Greek salad and loved it. They brew their own beer, which you can sample before you order.  They also brew their own ROOT beer, which the kids always have to have, and is the best I've ever tasted anywhere.  I've read a review in which a diner said it did not appear very busy, but they do have a patio and a bar area that many diners choose to be seated in, thus it may appear emptier than you would expect.  We personally love it when it's quieter in the dining room!The servers are always attentive, and funny.  They work very well together to make sure their diners are served efficiently, so you will often have someone other than your server bringing your food or appetizers out when it's hot and ready.  You can substitute sweet potato fries for the regular ones, and I recommend dipping them in their barbecue sauce, which is warm and amazing!  We are usually so full from our dinner that we can't eat desert, but when we do it's the deep dish brownie with ice cream, slightly undercooked.  Fantastic!Unless we have a large party of friends with us, we will usually choose to be seated in one of the cozy booths.  We've never had an issue with having more than several people seated in a timely manner at a large table on a walk-in basis, without having reservations.  They are also open 24 hours, which is convenient when my husband and I are hungry after seeing a late concert at the strip.  If you are looking for good food in a casual atmosphere, we recommend Chicago Brewery.
3	I love the way this place looks from the outside.  The inside is also very nice and comfortable.The beer here is worth stopping in to try.  I enjoy their Amber ale, very good taste.  I've eating here a few times over the years and the menu changed recently, probably for the best.  One time I got the exotic animal meat sliders like rattlesnake, alligator and deer.  Not bad, but no need to try it again.  The last time I got the Cajan chicken sliders and they are an above average slider.This is a good place to stop for a beer and some sliders.  Check it out if you're in the neighborhood.
5	I go to this restaurant all the time, so I'm not sure why it took so long to write this review.  Anyway, there is no better deep dish pizza in Las Vegas.  My wife and I always get the Hawaiian and it never disappoints.  Note:  this pizza isn't for health nuts, so if you're on a diet I would avoid it.  The 9" is the perfect size for two and, though it looks small, it will fill you up.  Chicago Brewing also has excellent beer, with 4-5 standards that they serve all year and some wonderful seasonals.  Last night, I tried the Fauxlanders Red (a sour) and it was outstanding.  For a casual night out with the family or a friend, this is the perfect spot.  Staff is friendly but not suffocating and they have a nice small patio out back.  You can fill up your growlers here too.
5	Great service.  Ashley was so nice and explained the menu items. The garlic knots are super good. Great place. Can't beat it!
5	They have a friendly staff. Food is always great. I'm from Chicago...& this is pretty darn good. Love their pizza. One of the closest to the real deal. Their hot dog is my favorite. Can't forget their homemade brewed root beer. You can get a jug really cheap. I get the root beer to go..and buy vanilla bean ice cream..so good. Gotta try it. And if you bring back the jug you can get a refill for cheaper. Also you can buy their home brewed beers in jugs too. Refills also cheaper.
3	The quality in food has dropped in previous years, the pizza tastes like a 99 cent frozen pizza with little flavor and the crust feels like cardboard. The garlic knots are not soft and tasty like before, they feel hardened and also loss of flavor, the beer is still good though
5	Delicious juicy burgers and beer! I went with my girlfriend and friend on a recommendation. We were met within a minute to be seated and our server followed right after we were seated. Good start! First off, I was recommended the Old Town Brown Ale. Absolutely fabulous! I must say that this beer was better than one of my tried and true favorites, Newcastle Brown Ale. (I never thought I'd ever say such a thing)The pizza looked amazing but I was more inclined to try their BBQ burger, medium, of course. Very savory and delicious burger! I was absolutely enamored with the combination of burger and beer that I had ordered. I also had a chance to sample my friend's filet mignon slider and the au jus that it came with. Another fabulous choice! The burger was tender, juicy, and the au jus was excellent. Not over powering or to salty like some. Mouth watering!Needless to say, I will be back to try their tempting looking pizza soon!
5	Great place to come for Happy Hour for their great chicken wings. Their pizza is great too. They have a wide variety of things to choose from on their menu, and offer a  variety of beers also, that they make there. Go and enjoy !
1	DO NOT GAME HERE OR DRINK HERE!  Blah!!!!! Crappy service!  I mean hello were putting $20's in every 15 min....acknowledge your guests!!!!
3	Chicago Brewing Company (CBC) is alright in my book. They're open 24/7 and have consistently decent food. The variety isn't much and there's nothing healthy options on the menu. I will highlight that the soups and house-made root beer are too legit to quit. The bar section is separated from the actual restaurant. Happy Hours during the game are extended into the main dining room.Good service, decent prices, and portions are large. I always need a to-go box when dining here.
4	Stopped by here on a lazy Monday afternoon with a buddy of mine.   The place was easy to find and it was about half full which was surprising for a Monday afternoon around 1.   We were greeted and shown to a table.   We looked over the beer selection which was pretty decent, but we wanted to try the stuff they brewed.   We both ended up ordering the IPA.  It was good, it had a nice bitterness to it.   Since we really weren't that hungry, we ordered some steak fries to snack on.   Those were pretty good.   It was a good match for the beer.   Overall, this is a nice place to go.   Will I be back?   Yeah, probably, but I need to see more of what's around first.
4	I have yet to try their pizza.Great buffalo chicken sliders though. They also run reasonably priced lunch specials which were a great alternative to having to pick between Jack In The Box or Taco Bell during the days I was at Euphoria. They have an awesome happy hour and a vast selection of beer. Oh, and did I mention that their garlic knots are to die for?Okay, I'll update this with a review of the pizza some other time. The Final(ish) VerdictPros: Great foodGreat happy hour specialsStrong drinksGreat serviceSteampunk-ish vibe and old-timey ambiance24 HoursCons:While the service is attentive, they can be slow to get your food to you at times.Return Factor: 10/10. I still need to try their pizza.
3	Cool spot. Hipster looking lol. More of a restaurant vibe than brewery. Their selection was decent. Light tasting ipa and the typical stout to pilsner list. Bar tender not as attentive but she was aight. 2 stories seems like it could be popping but it was kinda dead at 8pm sat
3	Was here for Small Business Saturday, and scored a giant pint glass for $10. A decent price, and for $15 they will fill it with a cold one.The bar area is typical poker bar chic (I use that term loosely) and is relatively inviting. Chicago Brewing usually has some unique flavors on tap, and I was pleased to enjoy a Coconut Porter. This one deserves kudos, the coconut was not too prevalent but was definitely there. I haven't had their food in a while, and ran out of time to get some garlic knots or pizza. Outdoor seating is available too.
5	Three words: Brad, Brady and Jake.  The best bartenders in Vegas.  True story.  The Llyods to my Jack.  Chicago is the Cheers for Vegas.  Everybody knows your name.  They are always glad you came.  Not only is Chicago Brewing company one of the best zombie apocalypse strongholds in Summerlin,  the food is always on point.  Chipotle ranch 4 lyfe. Shout out to Jake for his stellar performance in The Hunger Games as Peeta Mellark
4	Great happy hour and always friendly service.  They offer 2.50 large beers and 6.00 personal size pizza during daily happy hour.  Great fresh brewed beer and decent pizza.  Lots of parking and a good atmosphere.  Only complaint is they dont have sound on for sports.
2	We LOVE their pizza! We get it downtown all of the time so we tried the HQ. We sat at the bar and WOW they couldn't care less that we were there! This is an old people gaming bar so they don't need our measly beer and pizza money. I put in a $20 but that's small potatoes here, I guess. They didn't take our order, they were short with us and the SECOND I cashed out, they through down the "reserved for gamers" sign on my machine. I'm sure they won't even care about this review. Why would they? The staff is getting tipped from all of the old gamers... Who are we?The location in the Four Queens is closer anyway.
4	In my search for local brewed beer I was led here to Chicago Brewing Company. Chicago is one of the bigger breweries in the Las Vegas scene and pretty much anyone into craft beer has been or heard of this place. My review really just applies to happy hour so keep that in mind.CBC features several standard beers along with a few rotating seasonal. The hefe, IPA, brown, stout and some others comprise the regular beers, keep an eye out for the Hawaiian Honey with an astounding 14% ABV. My personal favorite, the Hefe is true to it's German roots with a crisp wheat taste and golden color. Service is hit or miss during happy hour and may have to wave down a bartender to get your order in. Happy hour is M-F 3pm-7pm in either the upstairs or downstairs bars. I was a little disappointed that there is no late night happy hour which probably explains why this place is a ghost town after 8pm. They offer up $6 pitchers along with $2 14oz and $2.50 22oz. Great prices on awesome beer you can't get anywhere else in town. CBC is pretty weak on the food offerings, $6 for chicken fingers, a cheese pizza and garlic knots. Meh. The upstairs bar doubles as a cigar lounge so if second hand smoke isn't your thing, stay away.
