5	They were so easy to work with.  Easy to talk to and trial run put me at ease.  The day of the event they were really flexible and no one was stressed!  Great wedding.
5	Great place!! ask for Cheri!!
1	Sorry but a one star is all this place deserves. Overall was not a good experience. Sad to walk out of a place paying for services that you would have rather done yourself. Worst blow out I have ever had, who lets someone leave the salon with partially wet hair??
2	Although I was very happy with my hair and pretty pleased with my makeup, the overall experience here was a miss. I was part of a bridal party that was going to get glammed up at the salon prior to the big event last weekend. That Friday (yup, the day before) they called and told us we had to be there at 8:30am instead of the agreed upon 10am. Not cool. Upon arriving at 8:30 (ok... 8:37) I saw there were two of our party waiting and 4 girls who worked there getting ready themselves. The makeup artists were literally putting on their own makeup and no one made an effort to say hello to me when I walked in. Whatevs. After about 5 minutes they got started on two of the girls hair. I just sat around and waited some more. Seriously...why did I need to be here at 8:30?You can see how this is going. They did not have the people there dedicated to our group as promised. The bride was not treated as she should have been (and she was NO bridezilla, ya'll). She wasn't happy with her hair and the girl that did the trial had to leave for another wedding. Not cool. Because they were down people/lacked organization we were WAY behind schedule and it was freaking the bride out over time (we even had two girls drop out and not get services so they were lucky there). I am getting married soon and although I loved my hair, I wouldn't go there again. It isn't worth the stress.
3	I purchased the Groupon and Living Social deals and was excited to try out the neighborhood salon because it's so close to my house and the services- even without the groupons- seemed like a great deal.I booked an appointment for a mini-facial on Saturday evening at 5:15.  When I arrived I was barely greeted despite there being two people at the front desk.  They were very engaged in their own conversation.  I waited for over 15 minutes, without any sort of acknowledgment or apology, for my appointment.  My service was with Cheri, and she was great- exactly what I had anticipated the "mini-facial" would be: general cleansing, an exfoliant, extractions (which I asked for), light massage and then a moisturizer.  She was great, and I loved her, and would certainly return for the service.  Cheri apologized for the wait when I was finally taken back.My only critique this far would be the customer service in the front.  I work in staffing, and know how important it is to have the right people greeting your customers.  You only get one chance to make a fist impression... make it right!  Other reviews indicate that they have had some issues with running on time- so important in a salon!  Especially in this type of salon- one that caters to those wanting to get dolled up for a special event, presumably right after their appointment.I have additional appointments booked for this weekend for spray tan and make-up application, and am hoping that they go well (and are on time!), and that all of the "grand opening" kinks have been worked out.  I WANT to like this place and WANT to keep coming back!Decor- adorable, funky and fun.  Park Ave has a TON of potential...
1	I feel the need to update after the owner posted a comment. The comment is more of an advertisement than a mea culpa. The changes that took place were not on our end. They were initiated by Park Ave for whatever reason.... and they didn't end up making the experience any better. I think there are some lessons to be learned in customer service here (did they ever reach out to the bride? No). In addition to that, they need to stop using Yelp as an advertising tool and focus on delivering great services and customer experience inside their four walls. I don't think I've ever seen so many obviously bogus reviews trying to 'up' the star rating. Seriously... look at the filtered reviews. Such a shame as it could be a really cool place. Fail, Park Ave, fail. This left a worse taste in my mouth than before.
5	I just had a mini facial with Cheri that could be described as nothing less than heavenly. The service was great and Cheri was wonderful.  I'll definitely be back!
1	Not good.  I was very excited to get my hair done at the salon.  It is very close to my house and I had read some positive reviews about it.  I entered right on time and was not greeted by anyone at the front desk, no warm smiles or welcomes.  After standing at the front desk waiting for the two women to finish their conversation I told them I had an appt, one of them said to wait in the other room.  I said this was my first time here and where should I wait.  She looked at me and pointed to the side.  Really?  Not very good service.  I wandered over to a couch in a seperate area of the salon and took a seat.  Then Mallory came and got me.  Mallory was very nice, she took her time to blow out my hair, then did curls with a flat iron.  Unfortunetly my hair went flat almost immediately.  I pointed this out and she re-did the curls.  I have longer hair and I dont think she had much experience with longer hair because my hair did not hold her curl, and looked very flat even after she redid it.  When I got home my family actually laughed that I had paid for someone to do my hair that way.  I ended up wearing it in a bun for the whole night.  Disapointed that I wasted my money on such a bad hairstyle and lack of any customer service.  Needless to say I will not be going back.
5	I went yesterday to Park Avenue Blow Dry Beauty Bar and they are fabulous! I love the products they use and bought a few. Also the ladies are so wonderful and helpful there. They make you feel relaxed and truly at home. I would recommend going there for an updo or a hairstyle to lift up your mood. It is so well decorated inside and really fun! Definitely a great bridal party event place before the big day or like me to go and get ready for a big event the next day!
4	This is my 2nd mini facial with Cheri and I must say she is fabulous.  However, I am still not impressed with check-in/check-out.  It seems the reception staff is never at the front desk!  Is there a dedicated receptionist, or do staff members rotate the duty when they are not helping other customers?  I don't know the answer, but definitely something they need to work on to present a better 'up front' first impression!
5	Now that I have been frequenting Park Avenue for a few months I feel that I can write my review. I found them when I moved to the neighborhood and was looking for a place to get a weekly blow out. I went to a blow out salon (actually tried a few) in Chicago and having moved to AZ in November I had yet to find anything similar in Phoenix. I started with a google search and when I saw that the salon was down the street from my new place, I was more than excited. My other option was Dri Bar (I was excited to see them open since I had been in LA  but I don't live in Scottsdale so I figured I would try Park Avenue first) First off, I was surprised to see the negative reviews because my experience has pretty much been positive since the beginning. I think its important to note that anytime someone new does your hair, there is a learning curve. I have v. rarely gotten an exceptional result from someone doing my hair the for the first time (pretty much everytime I get my hair styled for a wedding, I am disapointed) This certainly doesn't excuse wet hair but I think it its worth mentioning that you can't have insane expectations either. If you work with someone over time, results almost always get way better, at least, in my experience. Also, I have never gone on the weekend and always book my apt. with Lauren on Tuesday afternoons. So I can't review the weekend crowd or any of the other stylists. Lauren is wonderful! She takes time to understand how you would like your hair styled and is always providing styling tips. I actually wish they  would cut and color  hair there too because if they did, I would want Lauren to do it. Second,  I am SHOCKED to read about other yelpers experiences with the front desk. Jessica is usually there when I come in and I have never experienced anything but a very warm and friendly greeting. Which I agree with the other reviews, is a MUST at a salon. I actually can't even imagine her ignoring anyone (she is THAT nice) so I am concluding  that someone else works the front desk on the weekends???Reasons for 5 stars: Lauren always does a great job, the results last almost the whole week, and even with my long hair I can get in and out on my lunch hour, The decor is adorable, I tried a mini facial and LOVED it (I think it was Cheryl who did my facial) IF I actually ever need to get done up for something I would totally trust Lauren to do my makeup for me, I have (and will continue to) rec. to others, and they just added a monthly membership option which is a ridic. deal for a blow out addict like me. My only issue is that I think scheduling could be a little easier if it was available online. A few times I have called to schedule (or reschedule) and the phone goes to VM. I am VM phoebic for some reason so I hate this. I also wish they were open on Mondays but I guess they want some time off so I won't hold it against them. Overall, I love this place. If they added a $35 no-chip manicure option I wouldn't go anywhere else for my beauty maintenence!
2	I've debated about my review for a few weeks now.  Unfortunately, the hairdressers don't seem to really  be very well versed in blow outs.  I used to have curly hair (I have the keratin treatment now), so I  know exactly how to work a round brush.  When I saw the type of brush they were going to use the first time I went, I knew it was not going to be good.  After I left, I went to the Mall and the girl with the flat iron fixed it for me.  If it wasn't because of the Groupon,  I would have never gone on my own.  For $35 I expect a better job than what I can do.  The girls are really nice and that is the only reason why I added the extra star.
1	Well... I should have listen to all the reviews I read here so it is totally my fault. When I booked my apt for a blow-dry I mentioned that I read reviews on Yelp that weren't impressive but I want to give them a try as I live close by.My hairdresser didn't know how to blow-dry my hair. It was a mess. She kept asking another girl (that just stopped working there) questions on how to hold the brush and which brush to use. I realize they all have to start somewhere but maybe they should be supervised ? I didn't leave with wet hair like others but it wasn't what I wanted my hair to look like (and pay for) . It took her an hour (!) to do that so even though I mentioned I wasn't happy I didn't have the time to stay there longer. The owner was there the whole time but it doesn't seem like she supervise her staff or care about the satisfaction of her clients. Again, my fault, should have trust my fellow yelpers :)I love seeing places opening in Arcadia, especially that they are done so well, but that is not enough to keep us coming. You actually have to have good service for that.
5	I had a great experience here. My hair and makeup looked fantastic and the girls that work here are so fun. The pricing was very reasonable as well. I will definitely be back soon.
5	The inside is gorgeous and girly, with a pretty pink and orange color scheme and dainty furniture that looks like it belongs in a dollhouse.Like Drybar, Park Avenue offers blow-outs for $35, but it also features make-up applications, spray tans and mini-facials for the same price.My stylist was Miss Lauren Duet (request her if you go!), and she did a fabulous job. She got my hair perfect--I opted for a little bit of bounce with soft waves--and the make-up was amazing. I don't know how she did it so well, but I couldn't help but feel pretty after leaving (and that's hard to get me to do!)The atmosphere was very relaxed and peaceful, and you get water to sip on while you're getting your treatment. I also liked the Pandora radio station that was playing, a mix of indie rock, and everyone I interacted with there was super-friendly.They also offer bundles of packages, which saves you lots of money, so be sure to ask about those. For more info, log on to www.parkavenueblowdry.com.
3	I have been wanting to try this place for a long time but no joke, on at least 4-5 occasions I have tried, no one would answer the phone. And I am not keen on leaving voicemails. This time I purchased a Groupon Now deal for $24 and was shocked when I reached someone the first time I called. This spot is located in Arcadia next to Arcadia Tavern. It is very easy to pass if you aren't sure where it is located. The salon is decorated very cute and I liked the swivel salon chairs that looked like they came from a thrift shop. Rayanna did a straight style on my hair and did a great job. She let me know in the beginning that the use of a flat iron would be $10 extra. I didn't know that, so I was glad she told me. Luckily, she did a good enough job that it wasn't needed but if the normal blowouts are $35, I would have been pissed to pay an extra $10. Granted, I am comparing this to my frequent hangout, DryBar, that charges $35 even if a flat iron is needed. Plus, at DryBar, you can have wine or a mimosa! So, at $24 (the Groupon Now deal), I wouldn't have been that upset to pay an extra $10. But not at the regular price. Compared to DryBar, that only does blowout/styling, Park Avenue is full service. They do cuts, color, eyelash extensions (after Rayanna described it, I am very curious), etc. The eyelash extensions are approx $250, but check out their website, where their prices are also posted.
5	I used Park Avenue for my Wedding and they were amazing!!! They did everyone is my bridal parties hair and makeup (even some family members), and they were really cheap compared to a lot of places. Plus the salon is really cute, which made it fun to get ready there. Staff is extremely friendly and very organized which is really important to have on your wedding day!
5	My favorite blow dry bar in Arizona. It is so nice here. They use all the best products, and the staff is fabulous. Lauren does my hair and she is amazing. I have thick long hair and she manages to tame it and make it flow down my back. I love it here and would recommend for a bridal party, girls makeover before a night out, or just a saturday to go get your hair done up. I love it here and think they are just fantastic!I will be back in  a few weeks for another hair do.
1	I was attending an event last weekend and wanted my hair to look great, better than I can do it myself.  She asked me what I wanted and I asked for a sleek blow dry.  She ended up teasing my hair and put SO MUCH hairspray in it, I couldn't get my fingers through it.  How is that sleek? Big and teased is the opposite of sleek.  I said it was a little big and stiff and she said to run my hands through it to loosen it up.  What?  I was in and out in 20 minutes with terrible hair for $35 dollars.  I could have asked for her to fix it, but since she didn't understand what sleek meant, I figured I was better off using my time to fix it on my own.   I went home and had no choice but to wash it and start over. I will never be back.
4	Parking sucks big time. The staff was friendly and did a good job.
5	I have been to Park Ave. Blow Dry on two occassions and was very happy both times.  On the first visit, I had a blowout by Rae and was VERY pleased with the service!  She was friendly, nice and did an excellent job (and I have difficult hair to work with).  On my second visit, I had a haircut, treatment and blow out by Kristin.  She did a FANTASTIC job!  The haircut was precise and highstyle, and the blowout was exactly what I wanted.
4	The staff is great, Love the location, the services just take some..extra time. Overall Love this place!
5	LOVE PARK AVENUE BLOW DRY BAR!!  They all are super nice and do a great job with blow outs.  They are all are different which is what I like and they all do a good job.  Cute place and they play good music and treat you to a diet coke, water or even vino if you like:)
4	AT 30 weeks pregnant with #2, I decided it may be nice to take some family photos, but since I haven't been feeling so pretty lately, I knew I'd need a little outside help preparing for the photo shoot.Enter Park Avenue!  I decided to call them due to their location (they are super close to my house).  I believe they've been open for around two years now and I hadn't ever checked them out personally before.Since our photo session was scheduled for yesterday (Sunday afternoon), I wasn't sure if they'd be open on Sundays.  I called a few days prior to inquire about prices and availability.  The gentleman I spoke to on the phone was friendly enough and not only were are they open on Sundays from 10am - 2pm, but their prices were comparable to other places I've been for blow outs before.  I ended up booking a blow out and express make-up session with Lino.I showed up a few minutes early for my appointment, but Lino took me right away.  He was very friendly and I felt so much better after he did my hair!  The make-up was good too, even though my husband absolutely hates me in make-up... (I don't wear it that often).All in all, a very pleasant experience... I'd definitely go back when in need for a blow-out.  They also offer full salon services for those interested.
5	WOW. WOW. WOW.I cannot say enough amazing things about Holli Chris at this salon!! She is the owner and did my hair and makeup for my engagement party!! She is also one of the nicest girls I have ever met!I did a trial about a month ago and liked everything.On my actual engagement day, we adjusted my trial to any changes I wanted, and it was absolutely fabulous.My hair was perfect, voluminous... shiny... curls and teasing held for 2 days even!! And my makeup was flawless.My pictures look amazing and that whole night, everyone was raving about how beautiful I looked.Any time I am in AZ for an event, I will always book an appointment with Holli Chris. I cannot recommend her enough.And her pricing is super super competitive!!!
5	Billy, so friendly!
5	just sent my sister here for a haircut and style with Rayanna and she was raving about how happy she was! she said she finally had a haircut where the stylist listened to what she actually wanted.park avenue has clients for life!
5	The new nail bar is awesome! I got a mani and pedi and thought it was great! Park Avenue is now a full service salon and I am so happy! I feel so relaxed and at home with everyone there. The nail techs are great and very good at everything. I will be back many more times!
1	This place was soo cute when I walked in with a girlfriend.  Unfortunately, it ended up being a terrible experience!! We were going in for blowdry and one stylist did NOT EVEN ASK my girlfriend how she wanted her hair.  My girlfriend also had wet hair when we left.  I was going in for engagement pictures and my stylist first told me how she was sooo over weddings.  She then went on to complain about EVERYTHING!  Including how she was over blowdrying hair and complaining about clients.  we left feeling worse nan when we got there.  I was appalled.  THIS IS THE WORST PLACE EVER!
5	Super cute fun place to spend the afternoon with a friend.
2	My friend and I wanted to try this place out after seeing a sign in front of the building stating $15 manicures. So we thought we give it a shot. We walked in and were greeted by the receptionist and by a man who looked to be the owner. When we walked in were we asked if we had seen the sign in front and if that is what brought us in. We said yes and then we were told a person will be ready for us in 12 minutes and we could pick out our polish in the meantime. The section of polish was very limited only essie polish in about 20 colors. I was under the impression that we would both be seen at the same time but my friend was first while I had to wait. She had gel nails that needed to be taken off so she told the manicurist about them and if it was a problem he seemed unfriendly and then said it was fine. Her manicure lasted about 30 minutes and well she was getting them done the manicurist started to open up and talk to us.  He started to talk about the clientele in a rude way and making fun of the people in the neighborhood. He even asked if we grew up around this area and we both stated yes but that didn't stop his rude comments. After about an hour we were finally done and went to pay. The receptionist told us it would be $20 each, my friend brought up the sign saying $15 and she said that is only for members. But no where on the sign did it state that. We should not have paid the $20 but we did. The manicure was definitely not worth the money.
5	This place is very cheery with bright colored decor.   My experience with Billy was awesome!!!  He helped me with a cut that worked perfect for me and flattered my face.  Love this place will for sure come back!
2	Went in cuz I saw a $25 pedicure sign out by the road... bit of a bait n switch there.  Once you get in, have your pedicure and go to pay, they ask for $30.  Apparently, the sign out front advertises the "member pricing" but fails to say that on the sign and the staff fails to mention that on the phone, even when you say "I saw your sign at the corner and decided to come in."  When I questioned this, I was told I could buy the monthly membership and receive that price... ehh, I'm not a fan of that business approach.  Being that I went in their for those prices advertised, a much better response would have been to give it to me at that rate in the hopes of gaining a customer.  But that wasn't what happened... Anyways, the pedicures were fast (one manicurist did me and the bf in 35 minutes!) and nice, but I do a really good job on my own toes at home and don't see the value in paying someone $ to do just an okay job.  I do like the decor of the place. It was comfy and their products aren't the smelly kind that leave you feeling buzzed.  I feel that $30 for a quickie/express pedicure is about $10 over-priced though.
4	I've been to Park Avenue now 3 times.  First time was for a mani/pedi due to the sign I saw at the corner of 48th and Indian School (I live in the area) advertising $25 peds and $15 manis.  I learned after the fact that those are member prices.  While I didn't get the membership (something about having my CC on file and being charged monthly to get a $5 discount just doesn't jive with me), Adrian did a great job with my pedicure and manicure!  Adrian talked me into having Lino blow out my hair my next visit.  And I don't just let ANYONE touch my hair, because not everyone knows how to handle curly hair.  But after seeing Lino's before and after hair shots, I decided to give him a go.  I returned a few weeks later for a manicure and a shampoo/blowout with Lino.  Let me tell you, I don't know what kind of products they're using at P.A, but Lino was able to comb through my wet hair in less than 2 minutes.  INCREDIBLE.  And my hair wasn't ripped through or damaged in the comb-out process.  Honestly, the most gentle comb-out I've ever had (even including myself combing out my own hair).  With a round brush and hair dryer, Lino tamed my curly mane into sleek straight locks with a little bit of volume.  I paid just about the same price as what I do when I see my regular hair gal down in Chandler.  I saved $$ on gas, so I consider P.A a cheaper option for getting my hair done.  Only thing that would make the Nail Bar/Salon better is the following things - 1) 86 the "membership" and offer the membership prices as regular prices (It's only a $5 discount anyway).  If you price it right, the "regulars" will come.  But seriously...either get rid of the sign or honor the sign prices for mani/pedis - ESPECIALLY IF THE SIGN OUT FRONT DOESN'T STATE THOSE ARE MEMBER PRICES!!   2) It's not a nail  "chop shop" so 86 the $5 up-sell for additional treatments. Not that the nail techs up-sell, because they don't.  But I want to be able to ask for a callus or scrub treatment and not have the tech utter the phrase,  "that's an extra $5".  ....which leads me to the final thing....   3) Offer a Deluxe Pedi or Mani for 1 price  (cuticle work, callus treatment, salt/sugar scrub, and paraffin - $XX.xx).  I can get a deluxe pedicure with my regular gal, at an upscale N.Scottsdale salon at that, for $30 because I've been a client of hers for years.  The only thing that sucks is the commute.  So seriously - P.A owner - get with the Deluxe services.  In the end, though I hate that I'm "cheating" on my regular nail and hair gals, think I've found a closer option for mani/pedis and getting my hair done.
2	I needed to find a new place after newly moving to Arcadia so decided to try them after seeing their banner in the front. I think it was $15 for mani/$25 for pedi. The place was super cute and modern. I walked out having to pay $95 plus tip.  Don't know what all the extra charges were as it was explained to me.  And no, that did not include and callus, scrubs, gel, or any treatments.  Just polish, shaping, usual 5 min massage, and some rhinestones.  And my polish was so horrible that I just had to pay another $65 for my regular person to redo them the next day.  Goes to show that trendy looking doesn't mean better.  I'm not the type to complain so I just won't be back. I gave them two stars for the cute decor and Lino who did my nails was very sweet but just not very trained.
2	I went in for a cut and blow dry after getting a $35 gift card from my work place. I expected to pay like $15 dollars and leave about a 10 dollar tip. I normally would have gone somewhere else, but this time I had the gift card and I couldn't afford a $60 cut at my local salon that I love. So I went in to get my hair cut. The experience was pretty bad. I normally expect around an hour of work. But my total time from entering into the salon and leaving, including wait time was 45 mins. I don't believe you can get the right cut or advice in under an hour. My hair stylist didn't ask more than how much I wanted to take off and if I wanted face framing. I had to wait until after she dried my hair and was starting to style that I realized she didn't even cut my bangs and told her to go back to it. The cut was average, something that I could have gotten at a Great Clips or Walmart. The other employees just sat around texting while she was doing my hair, which personally I think is unprofessional. The only good part about my experience was the blow dry, which was really nice. But the bangs were too low the layers were average. Then when I went to pay somehow my bill racked up to $30. I ended up leaving a $5 tip and I will never go there again. For less than that, you can go to Rolf's and get your hair done correctly.
4	I loved the decor. Very modern and chic. I've been to a couple of blow dry bars. This one falls in the middle. Sorry I misses my mimosa. But very friendly staff and my hair looked great!!! Left looking great! Just wish it lasted more than one night!!!
5	You don't know how good you have it, until you don't have it. That's how I feel about Park Avenue ever since I moved away. I moved from Phoenix to Portland almost a year ago. It took me almost that long to find a stylist I can love and trust out here, to continue to take good care of my hair and get the "just right" color that my girl, Clarice had perfected at Park Avenue over the past two years. I just went back to Phoenix this past month to spend a week out there visiting friends. On my list of can't-miss things to do, was a stop at Park Avenue to give my hair some love and see my friends Holli, Clarice and the gang. Gawwd how my hair and I have missed you girls!When I was living in Phoenix, I was a regular, and a member of the salon. How could you NOT be? It's an amazing value, especially if you're the type of girl who invests regularly in some "me-time" at the salon. Sure, I could go to some foofy salon and pay a lot more for mediocre/just-ok service like I'd done in the past. Or I could visit a salon at the mall and take a gamble (I tell ya from experience, the odds of that are not going to be in your favor!). But the level of customer service and quality of the hair (and make up! and airbrush tanning!) services is unmatched. Park Avenue is easily my happy place in Phoenix. Everyone is treated like they're the favorite customer (that's ok, I'll try not be jealous!). No matter if I went in for more spendy and complex services, or just a simple blow out, I've never walked out of there less than 100% satisfied with my hair cut, color, blow out, tan, you-name-it. Every single time. 100% satisfied. I can't say that about too many businesses. I've only ever received the utmost respect and consideration, and the most thorough offering of services in one place. Even more now that they've got the mani/pedi thing going on - can't believe I'm missing out on that!Blow outs are definitely one of my favorite services at Park Avenue, and every time I've gone there, I walk out wanting to sing, "I feel prettyyy, very prettyyyyy..." It doesn't take much, people. Really.They always make me look like a star. In fact, my profile picture here on Yelp is at the salon, now that I think about it (the one with the leggings and yellow/green top)! That was my birthday blow-out and makeup! Speaking of makeup... before becoming a customer at Park Avenue, I never really thought about going anywhere to get my makeup done for special events. I always thought that was something that was too expensive and too over-the-top. And if i really wanted a little makeup TLC, I could go to the mall or Sephora, and ask one of the makeup artists at Macy's to show me some makeup - maybe eye shadows and liners. I'd buy one item and feel like I came out winning. But then I got express makeup done at Park Avenue one day and LOVED the results. Seriously, for the member price of $25, if this was "express" then I don't even know what to imagine that a full-on make up session includes. This was the perfect level of makeup for me and it became one of my regular services once a month. And I did mention airbrush tanning, didn't I. I only did it the first time because I was going to participate in a dance competition (fun times!). Spray tanning wasn't (and honestly still isn't) my "thing," but I've warmed up to the idea of a little fake bake once in a while for a special occasion. It really does look so nice. This isn't a walk-in booth with nozzles. Nope. This is you and another human being, you're as naked (or not) as you want to be, in a private room, where you will be custom sprayed, getting all the angles, making sure you've got no streaks or splotches. The formulas Park Avenue uses are customized to match your skin tones, don't smell funky, and look unbelievably natural. Totally worth the several minutes of mild awkwardness.Scheduling has always been super-duper easy, and I've always been able to get an appointment when I want it, or darn near close to when I want it if I procrastinated or wanted to drop in - hey, you can't always get what you want, especially when so many people love the same stylist! The place is always buzzin'! Once you're in there, if you remember to book your next appointment before you leave, then there's no problem getting the date and time you want. Too bad, so sad, for the procrastinators! A note about parking, because this isn't typical of a lot of salons in Phoenix: Parking can be a little bit of a gamble (self-parking, that is), if the restaurant a few doors down is busy. But with free valet parking, that's a moot point. You may be running late for other reasons, but you'll never be late for an appointment because you can't find parking. Gotta love that! All in all, there are two things I miss most about Phoenix: my Phoenix friends and Park Avenue. Great true friends and a great salon are both hard to find. If you make your way to Park Avenue, you're already winning.
5	I had both my hair and makeup done for a professional photo shoot at Park Avenue Blow Dry and Beauty Bar. The owner Holli assisted with my hair and makeup, and the best way to describe her work is magic. I was truly stunned at how placing a couple of bobby pins in perfect places completely transformed my hair. I typically don't let anyone do my eye makeup - I feel that the eye shadow and eye liner never looks even. But my eye makeup couldn't been more perfect and I received countless compliments on it. Holli is really a true expert in the industry who shares her tips and techniques with her employees. I would highly recommend Park Avenue Blow Dry and Beauty Bar to anyone.
5	Park Avenue is amazing! I have been going to Kylie, one of their master sylists, for almost two years. Before moving to Phoenix, I lived in LA for almost 8 years and I can honestly say Kylie is the best stylist I've ever had. She has an amazing talent. I have really long hair and I tend to change up my color a lot. She keeps me looking on trend while still maintaining the overall health of my hair. I would 100% recommend her to anyone. Also, the style of the salon is beautiful. The owner Holli is so welcoming and sweet. I'm so happy I found this place; I wouldn't going anywhere else.
1	The reception staff was great and they even did a follow up call but the nail person I for couldn't do the design I wanted and still charged me over $50 for the service.  I wouldn't recommend this salon.
1	HORRID PLACE! I got it thru DealChicken and my feet feel WORSE than they did before I went in. Nail tech cut my one toe back so short it bled all the way home. NEVER will return. Somone named Jonathon spoke with me about my concerns but never once apologized- only accused me of not wanting his help. Will be tossing the other voucher I bought...
1	Very unprofessional style, I could have done better.  Not sure if she was new or just not very good.
4	I really thought I had done a review for Park Avenue before - but it looks like instead of writing an update, this will be the initial review.I've been in four times now - and each has been a positive experience.I will share here what I shared with Holli (the owner) on my last visit (about a week ago):I can't stand the color scheme. Sorry, I am just not a girlie-girl - pink and orange are two of my least favorite colors out there. Bright and happy colors make me feel neither. It's further from my house than the two big name competitors in the blow out business here in town. In fact, one of the others is right around the corner from me, and I really like their decor. It's pricier than either of the competitors. And it's the only one I go to.Why?How I am treated.When I walk in, I am greeted with a smile and friendliness. I am offered a drink. If the stylist I am scheduled with is running even a little late, apologies are extended offers are made for magazines and I am treated as though I am incredibly valued. Every time. I see by other reviews here that not everyone has had the same experience - but from what I've seen when in the salon, every effort is made to accommodate every request from every person who calls or walks in. My experience - both in how I'm treated as well as how I've seen every other client treated has been on point across the board.Thank you, Holli and team - for not only giving my hair a chance to be beautifully blown out every now and again, but for making me feel like one of those shampoo commercial girls when I walk out!
5	Myself and 2 girlfriends were having a last minute blowout emergency and after multiple attempts contacting over 15 different salons, Park Avenue was the only one that was polite in declining (last minute, right before closing). Everyone else simply said no and hung up, but they showed an effort. Ten minutes later they called to tell us that they made arrangements and would love to have us come in. They were also VERY professional. They let us bring our own champagne, which was also something that set them apart. I give them 100% on client service and accommodation, 100% on  the detail they put into my hair, and 100% because I left a very expensive leather jacket there and they were honest enough to mail it to me even though I completely forgot about it for a week. Next time I am in the area, I will be visiting this amazingly staffed salon!  I love Park Avenue!!!
5	I used to get my nails done at "chop shops" and thought they did a great job....until I started going to Leah Smith. She has transformed my unhealthy nails and made them oh-so-stylish! Leah is so creative and detail oriented with her designs, she is the reason everyone asks me where I get my nails done!
5	Kensington Makeup and Hair Artists did a fantastic job with makeup and hair for my full wedding party, 7 women and 4 little girls. Each lady got exactly what they wanted and looked stunning. The salon is a great place for a group because everyone was able to walk around and visit and it is orange and pink (my favorite colors). Holli Chris did my makeup and hair and all night I got compliments on both my hair and makeup. I felt and looked beautiful. They also offer a service where she will come to the venue for touch-ups and she was fantastic. She styled us, fixed our flaws, and was relaxed and a pleasure to work with. Our photographer was also a big fan. He said that was one of the best ideas he's seen because a lot of people take their pictures after the ceremony. All of her staff was nice and professional and all of my wedding party and moms loved the salon, staff, and end results.
5	My friends and I utilized Park Avenue for a wedding and could not have been happier! Everyone's hair and makeup turned out beautifully. They timed everything perfectly so we were not stressed and had ample time to get ready back at the venue. The staff also allowed us to bring in mimosas and supplied all the glassware. The service is really what puts this place in the five star range! Side note- Rhianon completed makeup and hair for the bride and she LOVED it!
5	Beautiful blowout!  I looked like a movie star. I will definitely be back.
5	I don't see many reviews here yet on Park Avenue's nail bar and spa pedicure service, so I wanted to definitly submit one!  Starting with the overall ambiance and apperance, Park Avenue is fun, colorful and has a cute "boutique" vibe.  It is also an extremely clean place with absolutely no chemical odors or fumes that sometimes a nail shop may have.  My nail artist was Summer and she was very pleasant as she greeted me at the front desk.  She took me to the spa pedicure area which is a very cute bench area that sits up so you can soak your feet in the pedicure sink.  The pedicure process was extremely relaxing and I loved all the products she used because it all smelled delicious!!!  As a nail polish and product connoisseur, Park Aveue is definitely "with it" in regards to  their line of polishes.  And I love the color we chose for my toes!  Summer was extremely professional, personable, has top notch technique, and we had pleasant conversation. I felt I received the red carpet treatment through out the whole experience and will definitely be going back!  If you are looking for a place with a great atmosphere and excellent service, this is the place to go!  Thank you Park Avenue & Summer!!
5	Great place for nice relaxing mani and/or pedi!!  Ask for Summer, she's great!
5	I was in desperate need of a hair cut so I popped in keeping my fingers crossed that they had an opening for a walk in. Thankfully they did! Go see Rayanna! Not only did she do an amazing job on my hair but she's also an extremely talented colorist and makeup artist! I promise you will walk out of there feeling and looking fabulous!! The environment of this place is also fantastic!! I love the salon chairs! (Vintage wooden chairs that have been painted and reupholstered.. Super cute!) They also have small section of clothing and jewelry mixed in with their decent variety of salon products! I'll be back not only for the awesome service and environment but I'm dying to sit at their amazing nail bar!! (Wonderful idea for a girls day!)
5	Haleigh is the best!!!  Just moved to Arizona found the best hair salon!!!  Everyone is so friendly.  Love my hair! Awesome mani and pedi. So much fun!!
5	I made an appointment last week to get my makeup done for an event I had. As soon as I walked in a was greeted and offered a beverage. I browsed a little at he boutique-y offerings they had up front while I waited for my appointment (I was there a little early). My appt started on time and my makeup artist did a fabulous job. I didn't know what I was looking for so I said "do whatever, you're the expert" and she worked her magic. I have never received so many compliments on my makeup in my life, it felt good! I cant wait for an excuse to go back. When you call ask for Rayanna, she is amazing!
5	Love this place! So glad that I decided to come here with my friend. Ask for Summer or Kate, they are fabulous and friendly! Love my mani pedi and definitely will be coming back to this cute little place.
