5	I thought Yelpers might want a  review of this show and not a review of ticket prices ...... The king is back .....This show is supurb. Cirque, with a touch of the old style vegas showgirl review.The sets are monsterous. The songs played throughout the performance provide a tribute to elvis and are lavisly choreographed.In the performance - the performer playing Col. Tom Parker says "Elvis would have loved this" - yes he would have.......If you like the Beatles Love at the Mirage you will really like this show.I enjoyed the Elvis tribute much more than the styalistic interpretations of the Beatles music.Viva Elvis has a live band that jusr rocks all night long ......Gymnastists, cowboys and dancers all rolled into one show.Once again the quality of the performers makes the difficulty of what they are doing appear effortless.An excellent new addition to the Vegas Cirque productions.I am positive that this show will be a gigantic and long lasting hit.
5	Well, I'm just arriving from the first audience & preview show of VIVA ELVIS... In my own opinion.... what a great show!!!!!!!!!!!!! Really amazing and if this is the preview.. I can't imagine once the show becomes stronger after some time. The theater is really huge and big...the sound is one of the best things of the shows in my opinion...=) This is a really tribute focus show on Elvis...totally, so for me it was like a journey thru his life. This is a really acrobatic show with a lot lot of dancing... I don't want to have spoilers on my comment but I do really enjoy all of them. Also this is a totally different kind of show, since is more like a tribute, there are several themes that the show has ( example the song of VIVA LAS VEGAS...) so you can imagine what are all the elements in the show when you mention LAS VEGAS.. At the end of the show there was an standing up applause and the audience had a really nice and warm applause to the artist of VIVA ELVIS. Today I was seating in the balcony and I have to say that the view is EXCELLENT... do the fact that the theater is so big, things even in the balcony looked really great... I cant imagine tomorrow when I see the show (my original one) in the middle section at the orchestra! There are no bad seat... even the side seats have a great view.. =) The VIVA ELVIS store was totally full after the show and I saw a lot of people buying the program =)... So, I can say this is going to be a great show, hopefully will also be successful as "O" or LOVE...=) So, VIVA ELVIS! PS. My suggestion is that you book by phone the tickets. Do not use Ticketmaster, is more expensive and you will get one only option of seats, if you call, MGM/MIRAGE agents are more friendly and can be flexible with seats location. Also if you book with Ticketmaster your ticket will be a Ticketmaster format, if you book by MGM/MIRAGE your ticket will be with on an Aria's photo ticket with show logo on it.
1	DON'T GO! A truly amature production with little or no Cirque pizzazz and bad dance routines. I'm a huge Cirque fan so I don't say this lightly. As great as Love is Viva Elvis is low. Don't waste your money on this. There is actually a scene that featured the American flag made with underwear. The opening scene featured Blue Suede shoes where you guessed it, a giant suede shoe wasrolled out for no reason, and, it wasn't even blue. DUMB! The interpretations of Elvis' songs were out of place. "Treat Me Like a Fool" during a very ho hum "engagement ring" routine...WHY? The great thing about Love was that it was still The Beatles singing even if there was some loving retouches to the songs. Not here, just a butcher job done with reinterpretations that made me cringe. The staging was cheesy and a mockery of Elvis' name. I kind of get that as much as they thought they were doing a "loving tribute" I believe they ended up with a mocking parody. Best to leave this one alone for some time un til they scrap it and get it together.
1	My husband and I just got back from seeing Viva Elvis and wondering where I should start.  Simply put, don't go to this show.  The best way I can describe it is as a glorified cruise ship production - nothing about this show says Cirque du Soleil.  From the get go, we know it was going to be bad.  The "blue suede shoe" was purple, the acrobats were out of sync, the curtain got stuck open so the show had to be stalled,  the mc's mic did not always work, etc.  We even saw some people walking out of the show mid-way through.  At the end, when the performers tried to get everyone to stand up and cheer, the majority of the theater sat still and barely clapped.  The only redeeming part of the show was the amazing video footage and photos of Elvis.  We paid $130 per ticket (which is 25% off the normal price) and were completely disappointed.  If you are looking for a Cirque show in Vegas, steer clear of this one.  Go to Love!  Now that is a great show honoring other musical legends.  Sadly, the King did not keep up with the Beatles.
5	Regarding the reviews on this new show.  Look for the first few reviews - do they all look the same? 1 review, no friends? Same style of a boring 1 long paragraph style... almost as if it was written by the same person.Take it from the ones that are elite or have more than 1 review or 1 firend - this show was wonderful and entertaining.My parents retired in Vegas 15 years ago, I've seen almost every show on the strip (I know, I know, I need to yelp them... I will.. promise!)  My brother is the biggest Elvis fan that I know.  In the 70s, he even greased his hear to look like his.  Two years a go he made a pilgrimage to Graceland.  He also likes the CdS Beatles' "Love" and thought he would be so happy to be surprised with tickets.He wore his Elvis shirt, made his girlfriend grudgingly wear one too!  I said NO.  Anyway, our 2nd row center orchestra seats were fantastic!  I recommend having a TCB ("Takin' Care of Business) frozen treat (Peanut Butter and Banana slushy with Malibu) in hand before you enter the theater!I didn't know what to expect, but I know that we thoroughly enjoyed the performance and ourselves!  There was enough music, song, clever Cirque du Soleil acts and, of course, many references, pictures and little-seen videos of Elvis himself!I thought one of the first acts with seemingly two Elvises on a golden guitar was a fitting tribute to the twin he lost, Jesse.  Some of his songs that were best retrofitted.  I do love hearing women sing his songs!  The dancers and the choreography were great!I highly, highly recommend spending the extra bucks on center orchestra seats that were so comfortable and roomy!  Oh, BTW first row sucks, you'll drown in a sea of stage fog - don't do it.All in all, it's a new show and it's premier is, to me, a hint of greater things to come.  I'd love to come back in a year and see the improvements!  Misery needs company, don't pay no mind to the negative and "hate' commnents.  The world needs more tenderness!Wave that red scarf , have fun and enjoy!
2	I'm a huge Cirque du Soleil fan and grew up in Memphis, so I was very excited to see this show.  Unfortunately, it just didn't do it for me like their other shows do. In fact, if you loved Love, stay far away from this one.  If you like broadway musicals, this might be your thing.Unlike Love, the Elvis music has been reworked - sometimes subtly, sometimes its a massive remix.  I really didn't care for a lot of the arrangements, which weren't derivative enough to feel like an homage - more like they changed a few bars so things just sounded off.  Rather than creating the energy and emotion of a time period (as Love did), this is most certainly about Elvis's life.  There wasn't as much fantasy as there were literal references in every aspect of the show.  While the video clips were interesting and very well edited, they were competing with the live performers.  And I think there was way too much emphasis on the musicians and singers, as opposed to the dancers and acrobats.And speaking of acrobats, while the trampoline act is the highlight of the show, there is a lot less circus and a lot more singing and dancing than any other Cirque show I've seen.  That said, there are some really great dancers in the group. The acrobatic couple at the end was particularly breathtaking.As someone else said, Front Row is not a good vantage point and you wind up sucking down all the smoke effects throughout the show.  Also, the stage is above eye-level from the front row, so your neck will be hurting by the end.And to cap it all off, Aria had 2 fire alarms in the 4 hours we were there, one of which completely disrupted the show.  Major props to the singer who carried on when her mic cut out and the house lights all came on mid-song.  She handled it gracefully!There are so many great Cirque shows in Vegas, I would not recommend spending your money on this one.
1	Elvis is rolling under his grave over this abomination. As a preface; I love Elvis and love Cirque du Soleil shows. In fact, I have seen the Beatles LOVE show four times and think it one of the best live shows ever. As for VIVA Elvis, God only knows what they were thinking. It is actually painful to watch, and it was noticable that many in our audience left before the end of the show. One would need to be 75 years old and a peer of Elvis for any chance of this being entertaining (even in a nostalig way). So sad, but this is the biggerst loser I can remember. Save your time on this one and buy one of his albums if you want any fond memories.
3	Good not Great is the best way I can describe this show. I don't know if I got spoiled, but I was a bit disappointed with the show. First, the Aria Hotel, and the theatre is first rate. Very beautiful. I've seen Beatles "Love" , "Jersey Boys" and other Cirque Du Soleil shows. Unfortunately this one did not really compare. There were a few highlights in the show. Superhero characters on trampolines, cowboys with rope tricks and a few acrobatic stunts. I know, I know....what the hell does that have to do with an Elvis show?? Well that is what I was thinking, but it was in the show. Few suggestions: 1) Blue suede shoes are Blue.....not purple. (if you see the show, this will make sense) 2) Elvis on stilts is not entertaining. 3) Narrarator/Elvis manager needs some funny punchlines. 4) Elvis film montages???? really? 5) Seating was great... no changes needed. 6) Girls walking through audience before show starts were funny. 7) annoying photo guys before walking into show... felt like I was at the LA County Fair. 8) Allowing drinks inside is a PLUS!! All in all... there are definitely better shows to see in Vegas.
2	Oh, man!  Thank goodness it ended when it did because I was falling asleep.  Snore, snore.Of course, this hasn't been the first time I've fallen asleep at a Cirque show, but who's counting after having seen 14 different, official Cirque shows.  See all my reviews here on Yelp.  (link: http://www.yelp.com/list/my-favorite-cirques-las-vegas)For me, this show was lacking... well, CIRQUE.  Other than the cool, Spider-man like trampoline act, this was only Cirque-est (like those cheap traveling acts that come through your town with Cirque rejects.  Actually, those fire breathers and dancers are quite entertaining, but I'm going off on a tangent).Anyhow, this is my idea of a high end lounge act... which, in Vegas, you can usually get free tickets to when you endure a couple hours of timeshare lectures.  (On a positive note, the singers are really good.  To which, this review would have only gotten one star without them.)Nonetheless, if you paid and did not get a REFUND due to the pyrotechnics malfunctioning, the breakdown would follow: - $10 for the tribute video, one would pay at an Elvis museum - $40 for a good Vegas lounge act with no headliner - $40 for a Cirque-lite side showThat's a total of $90 for 90 minutes with no intermission, which leaves you in the nose-bleeds section of this show.  You do the math and see if it's worth your time and money.
1	This show was such a disappointment that I could cry.With such amazing Elvis 'material' to work with, how did Cirque get it soooo wrong??I agree with others that this was more of a Broadway show than a Cirque show, but even then, not a good Broadway show.No disrespect to the perfomers, it was just a bad production.The live music was over the top, and not appropriate for Elvis. It was more like a Van Halen show than Elvis. Sad.A woman at a piano singing 'One Night' was a travesty?!Superheros? Big Blue Suede shoe?Why why why? Elvis deserves so much more.I would advise you to take your money and see The Beatles LOVE (amazing show)And to the Cirque company: Stop NOW.Start again and ask for input from the millions of Elvis fans if you want to get it right.
3	My wife and I went to this show on 12/27/09.  When I bought the tickets, I did not know it was a preview show.  I just thought I was lucky to be able to buy tickets to this show so close to their grand opening.I am now starting to realize that Cirque shows are definitely departing from the style of shows like Mystere or O.  Instead, they are moving towards dances, themes, costumes, the set, and the occasional acrobatic stunts that take your breath away.  Viva Elvis is definitely trying to appeal to the Elvis fan.  The set was quite nice and the costumes were outstanding.  I learnt a few things about Elvis that I didn't know before.  Their rendition of his songs were good and bad.  It really depends on the singer.Overall, I just wasn't wowed by the show like I was in O, Mystere, and even Ka.  I guess I'm just not their target audience.  The choreography during the show wasn't that great either and a few of the dancers were definitely in the wrong place.  However, I chalk them up to just the lack of practice during a preview show.  Overall, 3 stars in my book.
4	If you're a fan of Elvis, you'll probably like this show whether its good or not.  Its got everything you'd ever want in an Elvis show (and perhaps some things you don't want or understand, too).My seats were in the front row of the balcony.  I have to admit I was concerned about being so far away and up high, but with the size of the stage and some of the set pieces, I was happy we sat where we did.  We could see everything from there.The show is basically the life and times of Elvis, from his discovery to Vegas.  The Colonel guides us through from beginning to end, working the crowd before the show starts by getting them to dance or sing for an Elvis button or picture.  His mic went out a couple of times during this "preview" performance (shows put on before grand opening so they can work out the kinks).The acts were varied from obvious choices to some weird stuff.  I could, for the most part, follow along even when it was a bit strange (i.e. realize what they were trying to get across), but I can see how a lot of people may not get the ideas being presented.  I have seen KA, O and Believe and Viva Elvis is within the vein of these shows but does make its own mark.  My friend said that Viva Elvis was not as good as LOVE (but he is a huge Beatles fan, too).I would still recommend going to see KA, O or a non-Cirque but Cirquey "Le Reve" before seeing Viva Elvis.  I did like Viva Elvis, a lot, but for the amount of money being spent on a ticket with the probability you'll be far away from the stage, you can get more bang for your buck with the better KA and O, or spend the same amount of money and be at the maximum 13 rows from stage/water in Le Reve.Either way, if you see any of these shows, you'll have a good time.
1	Worst Vegas show I've ever seen.  Period.  We got our tickets for free, walked out before the end, and were still pissed to have wasted so much of our evening.If you are expecting a "traditional" Cirque show, you will be disappointed beyond belief.  Go see Mystere or O or such.If you are expecting a great Vegas revue, you will think this show was poorly produced and horribly presented.If you are a huge Elvis fan, you'll just be sad.Don't go.
1	I wish I could give this zero stars. Cirque should be embarassed to have their name on this show. There were very few "cirque" acts or acrobatics, and the ones they had were so amateur. This felt like a high school tumbling team and high school dance team got together and did a few numbers in front of Elvis video footage. The singing was TERRIBLE- why the creative directors thought it would make sense to have female vocalist perform new arrangements of Elvis classics is beyond me. And was that really a giant blue suede shoe with a trampoline inside? And an American Flag made out of underwear? Could this show get any more absurd (the answer is yes... it just kept getting worse!) Many people walked out- it was painful to watch! This is not a traditional Cirque show, do not expect to see gravity defying acrobatics and breathtaking creativity found in shows like "O" or "Mystere". This is not even a good Elvis impersonator (where your money would be better spent if you are an Elvis fan).
1	If you want to shell out $100+ to watch a glorified version of American Bandstand, here's your chance!  This show has nothing new or interesting to say... just lots of pretty dancers in pretty costumes, twirling around like the ice capades to all the old-time Elvis hits.  Boring!  I am a HUGE Elvis fan, but I am also a fan of art and character exploration, and this show was a ginormous waste of time for me.  It was like watching one of those awful American Idol stage productions, with a cheesy "Colonel Tom Parker" narrator straight out of a junior-high summer camp parents' night.  Awful!  Seriously, how dare they charge this much to watch cruise-ship-grade entertainment?  And how stupid is the public (myself included) to keep paying out the ass to see it?Caveat: I'm not a very big Cirque fan to begin with, but I do appreciate their athleticism.  But this show doesn't even really have any cool moves!  I'm telling you, it's 100% schlock, right out the gate.  A WASTE OF TIME!  Not only do I want my $100 back -- I want the 90 minutes of my life back!  Well actually, I just want about 85 minutes back -- there was one cool scene with Elvis and his dead twin brother that was mildly interesting and thought-provoking.  I'll keep that -- you can have the rest!!
4	I saw one of the first dress rehearsals for elvis. it was definatly a work in progress, but the show was still great. lots of originality and unique apparatus'.the show has alot of potential and has been growing ever since i have seen it.definatly a must see if you are into elvis music at all.
1	If you love Cirque and you have high expectations based on the Love show, skip Viva Elvis.  This production does not resemble the high standards of either the Elvis or Cirque names.  First off, there is no Elvis character, in an Elvis show.  Second, the music didn't match the scenes at all.  It seems the producers had songs they liked and a specific story that they wanted to tell, so they just sandwiched the two together despite the lack of compatibility.  Third, the stage looked empty, lacking the usually busy Cirque stage with amazing actors/dancers and costumes.  Fourth, the show had to be stopped due to technical malfunctions.  Fifth, before the show even started, we found out that our seats were double booked due to errors by Ticketmaster.Overall my party of four was very underwhelmed, despite being moved downstairs due to the double booking.  I am in the process of contacting Cirque to see if they can refund me the money or at least give me tickets to another show.  Avoid this show and see Love or O.  By the way, we went and saw Blue Man Group 2 days later and were wished Viva Elvis could have been have as good.
5	I just got home from seeing the show tonight (1/22/2010). I really love this show.  There were a few glitches (minor).  The music was fantastic.  I love the way the women blended with Elvis' voice.  My favorite numbers were Love Me Tender, Jailhouse Rock, and Viva Las Vegas.  All of it is wonderful, and the finale was quite good.  Most of the audience rose at the end for a standing ovation, including me, and I'm not a standing ovation kind of person.I have seen all the Cirque shows in Las Vegas and most of them  multiple times.  This is a unique addition to their lineup.  I will be back to see this again in a few months.Viva Las Vegas and Viva Elvis!!!!Edit:  I need to add that there are less acrobatics in this show than the other Cirque shows.  There is a good amount of dance, and there are some acrobatics when going with the music or in enriching the understanding of Elvis' life, although I'm afraid some people won't get some of the acrobatic work, especially near the beginning.
1	OMGoodness, how disappointing.  I'm an Elvis fan and was very excited to see this show.  I had the $172.50 seats (which were comped, would have been angry if I paid full price), which were entirely too close.  Most of the show is dancing, which wasn't exciting, it was just, ok.  A lot of the performers looked pissed through out the show, so I was trying to figure out if that was their character or if they were just unhappy.  I concluded they didn't want to be there.  The theater was pretty empty.  The soundtrack for the show had pauses and choppy breaks and inserts, wasn't impressed.  Although the opening song was my favorite, got me jazzed up to be let down.There was no real Elvis character, just his manager who narrated some of the show.There were a few parts that were cool, like the trampoline super heros, the stripper part, the show girl part, the opening number, the red scarf's that are dropped from the ceiling & the outside of the theater (wall lights & lighting door handles).   The singers were great, especially the black skinny woman, she had a cool rendition.  I won't go back and I won't recommend this show.
1	Coming from the biggest Cirque du Soleil fan, it tears my heart apart to write such a bad review but there is only one way to describe this show and that is HORRIBLE!!If you have never seen a Cirque du Soleil show, then PLEASE don't start with this one.   If you do, you will most likely never have an interest in seeing another Cirque performance and that would be a travesty.Secondly, unless you like throwing $200 in the toilet, stay far from this miserable show.    i was so incredibly bored.   I had more fun watching all the people in the audience and trying to read what the girl was texting on her phone in front of me.  ( I know that was wrong )Third,  if I had been blindfolded and taken there without knowing where I was and then all of a sudden they took it off, I would think I was at a high school or junior college performance at best.However, there was one scene that was AMAZING so I must give credit for that part of the show.   There is a superhero trampoline performance that was incredible.   That was the only scene that woke me up and had my attention.   After that, it was back to the high school musical bore fest.I wish I could get my money back and two hours of my life.If you plan on seeing a show, consider Ka o "O".    Those are both great and worth the $$$$ and time.Good luck in the casinos!!
4	I had the privilege of attending the Viva Elvis Premiere Show and after-party at Haze. The scene was star-studded and included actors such as Laurence Fishburne, Justin Long, Chris Noth and Taye Diggs. As such, the vibe in the air was highly exciting and intoxicating. Now, add to that the fact that I am easily impressed. I can't sing, act, dance or do acrobatics. So when I see other people who can do those things, I'm "wow'd." So in essence, Viva Elvis "wow'd" me.Some of the criticisms I heard of the show that night were that the acrobatics seemed tacked onto musical numbers and that the show itself was more spectacle rather than theatrical. My assessment is that this is Vegas, baby. It's not Broadway. This town in of itself is a spectacle and thus the shows here often reflect that.Viva Elvis is a spectacle. It is a spectacle of rockin' good music performed by talented, high-energy (and cute) musicians. It is a spectacle of playful, vivacious choreography performed by smiling, happy dancers all of whom are fun to watch. It is a spectacle of challenging, often-dangerous acrobatics and stunts that made me gasp and cheer at the same time. It is a spectacle of color, lights, costumes and makeup that inspired me to hit my thrift stores for some cute, retro fashion. I am dying for a pair of blue suede shoes!Per the usual formula of Cirque shows, there is a pre-show that includes female Elvis fans interacting with audience members and gushing on and on about how much they love Elvis. At one point three blue-suede-shoe-wearing Elvis fans invaded actor Justin Long's seats which he was saving for his friends. The celebrity graciously interacted with the performers as they continued to stay in their teeny bopper characters, creating an entertaining scene for the rest of us to watch. This pre-show of Elvis fans smoothly segues into the loud, raucous first act of "Blue Suede Shoes." The course of the show basically chronicles the life and career of Elvis. Think of it as a musical biography. Numbers are broken up and explained by an actor playing Elvis' manager Lt. Col. Parker. Surprisingly, the best act of the show is the Got A Lot O' Livin' To Do number in which performers are dressed as super heroes straight out of the comic books. At first this act seems out of place, but the audience hears Elvis himself explaining how influential comic books and movies were on the development of his persona and career. Elvis saw himself as a hero. And as Elvis and the live musicians perform Got A Lot O' Livin' To Do, these masked performers do the most amazing acrobatic trampoline act. It's unlike anything I have ever seen before, and I only wish I had such a trampoline-designed contraption in my home so I could have as much fun bouncing off the walls as the performers seemed to have.The stage design of the show was also impressive and fun. There is so much going on onstage at the same time. Musicians are playing. Dancers are dancing. Acrobats are performing stunts. And all the while photos or film pieces of Elvis are being projected onto a screen above the stage. You need about four pairs of eyes to watch the whole scene, or you may miss something. Or you could simply go back to see the show again, which is what I plan on doing.
5	WOW....seriously WOW.  And we thought Love was good.  Viva Elvis blows Love out of the stratosphere.  We have been attending C du S shows, both traveling and permanent, for years.  The homage to Elvis is one of the best.  If you only like acrobatics, then don't go!  you will be disappointed.  But if you like visualization of Elvis, the music, the singing, the acrobatics...go see this show.  we were so happy we did!
4	I attended the show on March 1st.Had awesome 2nd row center seats.Shelled out $200/seat.Ouch!!!!!!I've previously seen O and Love, along with Le Reve.This show focuses less on acrobatics than similar shows but more on music and visual effects.The "Bossa Nova Baby "number was amazing.First, I found the theater impressive.The better seats were like sofa seats with lots of leg room.Hate to think how much this theater cost!The theater had a large regular stage.The stage went high and deep.This show should appeal to Elvis fans, Cirque fans, Las Vegas fans and everybody else.It's hard to imagine someone not liking the show but people are entitled to their own opinions.I'm quite picky and I enjoyed the show.My main complaint is that they didn't do the song, "A Little less Conversation."(Theme from TV Show, Las Vegas).Other than that, the show was spectacular.If your budget allows you to afford the show; see it.Otherwise, enjoy the free Bellagio Fountains!
2	Just saw Viva ELVIS March 2nd and it was the first Cirque show I have ever seen.  I have done theater in the past (singing, acting and dancing), so I always appreciate the effort it takes to create and rehearse for a show. And acrobatics are cool to a certain extent, but I am not a tricks junkie. I'd much rather see great acting and great dancing. Another reviewer took the words out of my mouth: "I'm not a very big Cirque fan to begin with, but I do appreciate their athleticism." The main reason I went is because we had comped tickets and I am an Elvis fan.I liked the opening numbers but started getting bored maybe 45 minutes into the show (it runs about 90 minutes). Acrobatics are cool, but you can only jump on a trampoline and do acrobatic poses so much. Dancing was mediocre at best. Also I am an Elvis purist, so I did not care for some of the versions of his songs. They do play his voice singing for all the songs (much better than some impersonator) but there were a couple duets with females that made my skin crawl; they succeed in making the lyrics to his beautiful love songs sound cheesy.I guess the biggest issue with the show was something that my boyfriend got to say before I did: it felt very forced, as if they were just using Elvis as an excuse to do tricks. I get that Cirque is all about acrobatics and such, but I felt that they did not blend the two well.There was a western number with guys swinging flaming lassos around that was impressive. The ending numbers include the male cast members in funky Elvis jumpsuits while the women are in traditional Vegas showgirl attire, and that was pretty fun. There was also a ballet number thrown in and I felt that was the most random part of the show, definitely could have done without it (not on a personal level, just that it didn't fit into the show).We sat in the nosebleeds, the second to last row in the theater, but as it turns out I felt that those were some of the best seats in the house; we were not extremely far from the stage. We were pretty much in the middle, and being that high up we were able to see the stage easily as well as all the things going on way above the stage (people drop drown from above and have routines way up in the air) without having to turns our heads way up like people in more expensive seats would have had to.I REALLY liked the theater though. The seats are so comfortable, no seat is very far from the stage, and the sound quality was perfect. It was not too loud as one might expect any large show to be, and it was crystal clear. I would definitely return to see a show in this theater.At the end of the day, I'm glad I got to see this for free since I would not have paid $100+ for it, but 2 stars since overall I wasn't greatly impressed with the show. It doesn't really make me want to see a different Cirque show, but considering all the Cirque fans that didn't like this particular show perhaps I will see one some day.
4	If you love Elvis (like I do) then you will at least like this show.  It was a lot of singing and dancing and less acrobatics then what I would normally expect from a Cirque du Soleil show.  I actually think Love (the Beatles show) is better and I LOVE Elvis while I think the Beatles are just O.K.  I would go and see the show if you are an Elvis fan.  I think that the moderate priced tickets give just as good a view as the expensive ones (and of course I got the expensive ones).Be sure to check out the cute little Viva Elvis store they have right next to the theater.  They have great souvenirs and I bought a whole bunch of CD's that were only $10.00 each.  What a deal!
4	I was reluctant to see this show because of the initial bad reviews, but it is really another delightful Cirque show. I would think of it as more of a tribute to Elvis and his music. The show is more dancing and singing with a live band and bits of Elvis' recordings. There are only a few acrobatic acts. The show made me smile, laugh and I was very entertained even though I don't really care much for Elvis music. I would say it's a different direction for Cirque, somewhat akin to Love but totally different from O or Ka or any tent show. I enjoyed myself.
1	Wow, Where do you begin with something so bad!, Thankfully i didn't have to pay for the tickets. This is a high school musical gone bad. There is one "routine" where they roll out a giant blue suede shoe, it looked like a float out of the movie Animal house. The music is played so loud that my ears are still bleeding. and a song that features Priscilla on a wedding cake is played by a black woman. I mean if can't get over Priscilla being white , what the hell. If Elvis where alive and saw this , he would fly out of town gorge himself on fried peanut butter sandwiches and put a gun to his head. Shame on Cirque and Priscilla for putting there stamps on this piece of human waste.
1	I'd give this zero stars if that was an option. Well, actually, I can afford one star for the "it's so bad it's almost good" flavor of the show. That moment for me was during the Elvis and Priscilla wedding scene featuring a mediocre lady listlessly singing atop a giant, bland looking wedding cake. The whole time I kept elbowing my friend, asking, "is this really a Cirque show? Really? Like, the same Cirque that performs the epic LOVE?" Thankfully I was a guest to this show, because if I had paid $200 for my ticket, I would have cried. Skip this one and see LOVE twice.
4	As I read other peoples reviews I have to wonder," Is this the same show that I saw?" because I really liked it.  First off the majority of people are comparing this to other cirque shows. But take away acrobatics and all the Cirque shows have a different premise. For those that said the superhero portion of the show is the best, than I have to say to you, "You watched this show for all the wrong reasons!" Yes this has the Cirque name in it, but it should never be compared to Ka, or O, or mystere. Just like Zumanity is the sensual side of Cirque, Viva Elvis is a more musical, dance themed type show with a moderate amount of acrobatics. Now that I got that off my chest, Lets get to my review of the show. This show has most of Elvis's greatest hits with a modern element to the sound. I really love that there was not one person that impersonated Elvis, There was many different dancing styles from every genre throughout this show. So that was nice. I really love how they get to the personal side of Elvis' life. Like how and why he enlisted into the draft. Showing how even though he is the most famous and richest celebrity of that time, he was just another person like you and me. It showed a very human side to Elvis. How many famous people do you know now that would put themselves in harms way for their country? None. Some reviewers say the beginning was the best part. I beg to differ. I liked the Fools rush in part. I liked the end part. Yeah I wish it got more in depth. but the show was only 1 and 1/2 hours long. Is this the best Cirque show? No, but I thought it was excellent for the type of show that it was.  Also,almost every seat in the house was a great seat. From what I could see, I believe the people up front to the right or left would have the hardest time viewing the whole stage due to being so close to only one side. But every other seat was perfect for viewing the whole stage. So yeah, Watch cause you like Elvis, dancing, and great music. If you want crazy weird acrobatic Cirque watch O, Ka, or mystere.
4	Saw the Sin City Sinners in Hollywood a couple of weeks ago, and they ended the set just like the show with a rousing "VIVA LAS VEGAS!"  Boys, they really needed ya there!  I went with my mom the day before the grand opening, and I still have the feet stomping in my head. We had a great seat, like A / B 104 with a small balcony on the front row.  I landed it, as i kept losing my tickets trying to figure out how to buy 2 tickets.  The video highlights and sound quality I think were the best.  I loved seeing him with all his girls in the movies.  The guy could act with girls, no doubt there, and so it says he was probably like that in real life.  It was a smaller theater than O and some of the other production numbers, and I like that much better.  Great to take an older person, but the steps to your seat is a killer even for the younger person with bad vision.  No handicap help there, so beware!  Otherwise, it kept us entertained the entire time, and the costumes were quite sparkly and Vegas over the top. I like that, and began to think maybe my husband might look good in one of his 70's flashy outfits.
5	The show was AWESOME! I'm not an Elvis fan, but Cirque did a great job with the songs and the show!Just a warning: This show does not have as much acrobatics as other Cirque du Soleil shows. They mixed in a lot of dancing with acrobatics in between. Before the show began, some of the girls in the show were dressed up like the 50s Elvis teenage girl fans and were interacting with the audience members in the front. Audience members who danced and participated got some Elvis memorabilia. The show is not a documentary about Elvis's life, but it does revolve around some important points in Elvis's life, such as his marriage to Priscilla, concert shows in Vegas, etc. The songs were remixed to have a faster beat and to incorporate all the dance and acrobatics in it. There wasn't a single down point in the show; there was always something exciting going on. I love how the show stayed true to Elvis, and never had a person impersonating him. They either had a female sing the song, do a duet with Elvis track, or just played Elvis track for the singing. Overall, a very good show. They engaged the audience throughout the whole show. Loved it!
5	if you are an elvis fan you will love this show!!!! great performance and entertaining!! my hubby is not even an elvis fan and he said he really liked it!!
5	I have seen five Cirque shows and this is one of the best. Technologically this show is amazing. They recreated Elvis tracks with the help of a live band and it turned out amazing. I was hoping they would have the CD available but they don't yet. They did a great job of updating his music without destroying it. The show itself does not have too much of a story or plot, but NONE of the Cirque shows do. That does not hurt the production regardless. The costumes are amazing, the visuals are breathtaking. I work in videography and know how difficult some of those images are to create. This is a great show. Yes it is expensive, but all the Cirque shows are. It was worth the ticket price anyway.
3	Well.... I got to see the show for free, so I thought it was great! Otherwise.. it was just okay. I wouldn't pay the money to see it.
1	I have seen around 10 Cirque performances.  They should remove their name from this immediately.  I did not get this show at all.  It is not like I am a huge Elvis fan but I do like many forms of entertainment, I was not entertained at all.  I even lost a lot of respect for Cirque in general.  Luckily the next evening we went across the street to see KA.  This was a great Cirque performance.I guess if you are some kind of die hard Elvis fan you may like this.  If not save your money and skip this one.
3	Drumroll please............I have now completed my journey of seeing every cirque show in Vegas.  There were some good things about his show, but  definitely not my favorite.  There was a lot of singing. Alot.  That's great, but I felt like there should have been something else going on too.  Highlights were the trampoline set and the two guys hanging and swinging from the large guitar.  (This is the extent of the acrobatics in the whole show)  I did enjoy the music and the show was okay, I just think they could do so much, much more to make it great.
2	This was somewhere between 2-3 stars.  My tickets for the show were free and I did actually enjoy myself.  However, the show itself needs some work.  While some of the segments were quite good, there were others that didn't hold my interest and it did not flow smoothly from one part to another.  I think this show has a ways to go before it can hold its own against the other shows on the Strip.
4	Viva Elvis is the hot new show in Vegas.  I loved it.  When I was a young girl, I had the biggest crush on "young Elvis" and often watched his movies on tv.  As a fan, I appreciated how the show portrayed his life through a moving collection of pictures, dance, and music.  All of the other Cirque du Soleil shows I have seen in the past contain more exciting and adrenaline raising acrobatics than this show, but Viva Elvis is more lyrical and contains more artistic dance sets than incredible physical feats. Sometimes I found the dances and song renditions so touching I was moved to tears.  For example, there was a scene set to Elvis's One Night With You where two men swing, dance, and tumble through the sky on a high wire guitar representing Elvis's lost relationship with his twin brother Jesse Garon, who died at birth.  There were also some great remakes of Elvis's songs, all sung by incredible female leads.  Afterwards, I checked the gift shop for a copy of the soundtrack but it is not available yet.  The recording should be available soon.  This is a must see for Elvis fans but may be a miss for those who are looking for a traditional Cirque du Soleil show or do not know much about Elvis.
4	I went to see 'Viva Elvis' with my husband and his parents last month. We had perfect seats right behind the sound booth! The 'fan girls' at the beginning (pre-show entertainment) got a little annoying, that could be cut down a little - I don't think anyone would mind. My mother-in-law is a huge Elvis fan, she seemed to really like the show. The symbolism throughout the show, especially in the beginning with Elvis and his brother who died, is beautiful. I loved the voice of the girl who sang 'One Night', she sounded like Adele! I didn't like their version of 'King Creole', it was just....off. My favorite parts were 'Jailhouse Rock', the part with the comic book characters, 'Viva Las Vegas', and the army dance sequence. Really great show, beautiful costumes, would probably see this again!!
2	I personally did not like the show. I have seen several Cirque shows, which leads to kind of having a certain expectation of the Cirque du Soleil shows. This is just not up to what I was expecting. I can appreciate the show, but again, I was coming in with a certain 'cirque' expectation. Too much dancing, not enough "cirque". It would be one thing if mosst of the dancing was good, but it was not. Alot of the dancers were just no insync when they were suppose to be. I do like the the nostalgia of the show, hearing 'the King' rock the stage. Maybe they can add more cirque-ness later?
4	Four Stars because I sat in the very top balcony in the very last row.  You can't get much worse than the tickets I had (hey, they were free!) and I have to say that the show was still great.........inevitably I think if you've seen LOVE you will compare the two shows.  They have the same theme: interpreting the songs of the artists by dance and acrobatics.  In the end, I think LOVE is way better.  But Viva Elvis has it's high points as well.It's high energy.  It flows well from one song to the next.  It's happy...you don't ever really have to feel bad or recall Elvis' drug-induced death.  You'll walk out of the theater cheery.  That's all you can ask for, right?If you are an Elvis fan, SEE THIS SHOW.  If you are a Cirque de Soleil fan, you should see this show.  If you are just looking to see ANY show in Las Vegas, see La Reve at Wynn or LOVE at Mirage.  (just my 2 cents!)
2	I was SOOOO disappointed and also sad we spent $150 a ticket on this.  Here is the problem - I saw LOVE first - and I have seen it 9 times already - that is how good it is.  I would not see this again, ever, unless it changes.I really am trying to be fair, but it really made me sad that it wasn't equal or better than LOVE.  I know the performers have probably worked really hard but:1 - the dancing was not in sync a lot of the time2 - the funny parts were not funny3 - get rid of the singers! They were great singers, BUT again coming from the LOVE experience where they use all the real Beatles music I wanted to hear more Elvis!4 - the movies of Elvis were cool, but if you are a fan you have seen them before - too many maybe5 - the Superhero thing has to go....6 - the two Elvises on the guitar kept messing up - they had no "real" routine that I could tell and it did not fit the musicI know, I know someone out there is thinking I am not being fair probably - but if you are going to spend money on a Vegas show....see LOVE or KA.
3	For this being my very first Cirque show, I really enjoyed myself.  I'm not a fan of Elvis, but thought I would give it a try and I was very impressed.  The show has a lot of energy and keeps is flowing pretty well. I've read a few other reviews and they were pretty low being compared with the other Cirque shows here in Vegas.  I'm looking forward to seeing others and comparing them as well.  Very entertaining IMO.
3	The theatre is really cool but i could see it being a little difficult for those in wheelchairs, which i am not .Oh speaking oh wheel chairs the ushers shoved us out the way so Smokey Robinson could get on the elevator. On a side note I've bet him before, he's actually very nice. BUT back to the king!the dancers are awesome and the band fantastic. At first i thought oh it's like every other cirque show on the strip but then it finally added some elements you will not find in another other cirque show on the strip ( i have seen em all) Is it as big scale as Ka? No, Striped down like Zumanity No. I think it's a new take on a show and done very well. Elvis would be extremely proud.
1	Please save your money... This show is UNWATCHABLE.  We've been to every cirque show and this is just five steps down in terms of quality, performances, creativity, everything.  We were cracking up when we shouldn't have been it was so bad.  Then we got upset when we realized we paid $150 a head to go see what was essentially amateur hour theater.  It's like something you see on a cruise ship or a high school musical... but worse because of the money you're spending.  Applause after every number was tepid... like at 40% (you never see that at a Cirque show) and the people that were excited were over 70.Called Cirque customer service who couldn't care less... they "took down our comments" but not our name or contact info and basically gave us no consideration.  They are attaching their name to this thing and collecting the check...will read reiews next time before we trust the Cirque brand again.  We saw a production of "Legally Blonde" for $40 and it was better than this.
5	AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LOVED LOVED LOVED this show. ( I don't understand the HARSH comments from Yelpers) 10 STARS HANDS DOWN, the most AMAZING show I can never get enough of.I attended the 9:30 show on Saturday night May 15th.Viva Elvis was advertising Summer of Cirque $50 tickets to 7 shows in Las Vegas... of course I JUMPED when on the weekend I was going to be in Vegas, tickets were available at such a steal of a price!!!  I booked Viva Elvis Saturday & LOVE Sunday Viva Elvis was my overall pick! after watching both shows...Choreography, Wardrobe & Costume Design, Props etc.. I enjoyed every detail and narration of the show. It was calibrated to perfection!It was emotional at times. I don't want to ruin it for people but it was an enjoyable experience!!! It's so sad to know throughout the entire show that such a wonderful talented, handsome man that literally put Las Vegas on the map is now passed. MUST SEE!!!
1	This wasn't a true Cirque show, this was like going to a broadway show, and broadway show tickets are much cheaper than Cirque tickets.  Inevitably I compared it to Love and Ka, and KaZaa the three other cirque shoes I have seen.  I have also seen a "wanabee" cirque show on broadway, and this is exactly what it was like, a "wanabee" cirque!Cirque shows have the acrobats coming into the audience, (not just the ground floor) they have much more breathtaking stages, and I feel as though this show was put together in a couple of months, where as the other circque show were clearly dedicated the right time and effort.If this is your first cirque show do NOT watch it, go see Love (which u can easily find discount tickets for) or Ka or ofcourse O, so that you have as high expectations as the real reviewers on this board.  I mean clearly the ones that gave it more than 3 stars, have not seen other shows, all of which far exceed in excellence than this one.Sorry Elvis (RIP).
4	I have never seen a Cirque de Soleil Show before, nor any show in Vegas, for that matter. I really enjoyed it. The musicians were top-notch, the dancers were enegetic and exciting, the acrobats were breathtaking. We had a wonderful time. Of course, our tickets were free, so that makes it all that much better!
3	Had this show been put on by any other group it would have earned 4 stars for the excellent coverage of Elvis' life and his rise to stardom.  But since it was performed by Cirque du Soleil, I can see why many were disappointed.  Without the daring feats and acrobatic eye candy, we were treated to something like an overly costumed musical.  Still, I found Viva Elvis to be entertaining and time flew by quickly.  It was almost a relief to be able to sit back and listen to the music without the brain churn that can happen during a typical CDS performance!
3	I was pretty excited to see the show considering I've been hearing a lot of good things about this show. AND my friends and I got to see it for free so, FREE IS ALWAYS GOOD!It isn't as...Cirque-y as you'd imagine. I say this because Cirque is known for it's acrobatics and stunt; and although this Elvis show does have it's share of acro and stunts, don't expect it to be like "O" or "Mystere" or their other well-known/older shows.Elvis is more a musical than anything; and not that it's a bad thing! It was really fun and entertaining with a dash of acro/stunts.Being from Hawaii, I was kinda disappointed that they didn't sing "Blue Hawaii" or something....but, Elvis had such an array of music that I'm sure it's so hard to choose what to play/sing/perform.
3	I'm a huge Cirque du Soleil fan and I saw Viva ELVIS Friday night. It's a competent show that has its moments, but frankly falls a little short of the extremely high bar the Cirque du Soleil has set for itself.I sat in the balcony via a $50 "Summer of Cirque" promotion ticket and enjoyed the show, but having seen LOVE the night before, couldn't help but feel Viva pales in comparison. I have now seen all the CDS shows in Vegas (except for "Believe") and if I had to rank them, this would be last. I liked the aerial acrobatic routine on the giant guitar, that was pretty cool. The Col. Tom Parker character was likable and informative (if a little out of place in a CDS show). The military segment was engaging and really fun to watch, and some of the dancing was very fun and high energy. The inevitable big Vegas finale -- with the obligatory array of perfectly synchronized dancers wearing huge feathered headpieces, descending giant, underlit staircases, amid banks of flashing lights and pyrotechnics -- also hit its mark pretty nicely. But much of the show I'm having trouble even recalling now, just two days later.Just try to scale your expectations when you go see Viva Elvis and you will probably enjoy it. Oh, and be sure to take advantage of the 2-for-1 you call it coupon they give you for their swanky Gold Lounge. The drinks are pricey, but you do get two of them, and they do make great drinks. (And I'm a snob about that shit!) The swanky, Elvis-inspired decor is done really well. I loved the gorgeous staff's uniforms, bison horn and lucite chandeliers, and other fab design details. I could comfortably hang out there anytime.
2	Cirque du Soleil .......you think that is what you are going to see.......think again! Bad, bad, bad.  I am not a huge fan of Elvis, but wanted to give that show a shot.  The song selection was bad, there was no cirque du seleil at all on top of it.  Don't waste your money in other words!
2	I see free shows a lot, but why do people on Yelp always feel the need to TELL people they saw a particular show for free?I don't really care what you see for free.Oh, and on a side note-this show was completely off. The band and performers are fantastic, but the creative decisions are all wrong. Performers-5 starsTheatre-5 starsProduction-meh.
2	I write this review as both a big Elvis fan and a big Cirque Du Soleil fan.  There are very few songs Elvis sung that I have not heard, and I have seen all the Las Vegas Cirque Du Soleil shows and one of its traveling shows (Varekai).Viva Elvis' problem is that it's only slightly more off-beat than the usual Vegas show:  it has singing, dancing, fancy costumes, hot-looking performers, etc. but every Vegas show has all that.  I expect Cirque Du Soleil show to have mind-bendingly creative costuming, great feats of strength and/or flexibility and/or daring, and far-out stage-set design.  Viva Elvis only has a little bit of each.I really enjoyed the music: the arrangements, the vocals, the instrumentals.  It's definitely one of the show's bright spots.  I don't understand why people complain about the music being sullied.  If I wanted original, I'd have stayed home and listened to my Elvis LPs.  The singers kicked ass, as did the band.  A heavy metal rendition of one of the Elvis standards positively rocked with its chest-pounding bass.Among the performances, I really enjoyed the "giant guitar" set, though I can see how people might not like it much.  My enjoyment came from how difficult the moves are.  Those two guys are amazingly strong and fit.  I felt tired just watching them.  I kept waiting for them to show signs of fatigue but they never did.  However, their moves could have been a bit less athletic and more imaginative.The "superhero" segment, combining a triple trampoline (not new) with a "parkour" set-up (trendy!) is creative and enjoyable.  Some of the moves take tremendous strength and skill, as well as lots and lots of practice.The rest of the show was just so-so.Starting the the stage sets: they're 100% confined to the stage and its airspace.  There is not ONE single performer out among the audience or above the audience as in the other CdS shows.  It's as if they're trying to keep the cost down.The costuming is highly disappointing, mostly run-of-the-mill, missing the usual CdS wildly imaginative combinations of shapes, colors, and concepts.  (A note: in the final number, I think ALL performers, male and female, appear on stage in Elvis jumpsuit, all differing in color and embellishments.  I don't remember for sure, that I *think* nobody was in showgirl costume.)Performance-wise, the "Jailhouse Rock" set has potential, with a "upside down" segment, which they don't exploit enough and that's a shame because it's one of the more unusual and imaginative features; the "cowboys twirling ropes" is so pedestrian it has me wondering _WHY_ CdS would think that such an act would wow the audience;  the "military" dance number is kinda cool, but really not much different than a "Stomp" or "Riverdance" number.As my S.O. said, if the show was not comp-ed and we had to pay for the tickets, she'd have been very unhappy!
4	I bought tickets for this show mainly because I was going to Vegas with my mom and she really wanted to see it.  We both are big fans of Cirque du Soleil and have seen all of the Vegas shows except Zumanity and Love.  I read reviews here on Yelp before buying the tickets, so I really wasn't expecting much.  "Mystere" is still my favorite CdS show because it is so acrobatic and really the foundation on which everything else was built.  So--"Viva Elvis" didn't have as many acrobatics as some of their other shows.  It was definitely more about dancing and the music.  I thought that I wouldn't like this, but it was surprisingly okay.  The music was amazing!  I'm not a giant Elvis fan, but I was super impressed with all of the singers and musicians.  I think the music really makes the show.  While it may not be the most creative CdS show, there were still many unbelievably creative parts---like the American flag made out of soldiers' boxers and longjohns.  I mean, who but CdS thinks of that?  And the "Jailhouse Rock" upside down thing was incredible.  I thoroughly enjoyed the show, and while it may not be my favorite CdS show, I would definitely go see it again.  I was pleasantly surprised.
4	Saw this front row when we went to the opening of Aria for my 21st, I wish it had more acrobatic stuff, but other than that I thought it was a wonderful show.   Loved the stage setting, and the dancers were hot! I'd recommend it for Elvis lovers. Also, the Elvis store has TONS of really cool Elvis stuff, from Elvis barbie dolls to Elvis outfits. Also a must see.
4	The show was very entertaining.They did a good job of showcasing the highlights in his career and music.Elvis is a legend and his music  will outlast us all.The show lasted for 90 mins with no intermission. Loved the Elvis jumpsuit costume towards the end of the show.The live music is a superb accompaniment to the acrobats and dancers on stage. I enjoyed the show. WOuld recommend this show to all the ELvis die hard fans out there.
5	I saw the show again last night, and I liked it as much as I did in January when the show was in preview.  Very well done.
2	Mediocre. It shouldn't even be labeled as a Cirque show. Just an Elvis tribute show. Besides the guitar climbing, none of the show had anything special. Normally when I watch a Cirque show there are always parts where I'm like "Wtf how do they do that!? That's crazy!" I didn't say that at all when I watched this show. I wish they made this show more elaborate and did more with it. It was pretty boring really, I might as well have been watching tv. I did like the Elvis song remixes though, it kinda made me realize his songs were actually good.I'd probably give them 3 stars if I actually got a scarf. They fell on everyone and they handed them out to a lot of people, just not in the rows that we were seated in.
5	My favorite show in Vegas!!!  Before watching this show, Beattles Love was my favorite but this was better.  With it being a Cirque Soleil show, I enjoyed the acrobatics in the show.  It might not have as much acrobatics as KA but with Elvis music playing, a great time was had.  We had the summer promo tickets for $88 each in the 200 section and I am glad that we bought it.  After enduring the horrible Criss Angel Believe show, I wasn't sure what I would get with this version of Cirque Soleil but it was great.  My favorite was the Superhero trampeline part....
5	August 16, 1977.  Do you remember where you were?  If so, you're on your way to a 5-star experience.I remember where I was...at my grandmother's house watching television when the blurb at the bottom of the screen popped up.  Elvis was dead.  What?  Couldn't be!  I seriously thought my little brother was going to have a stroke.  He was 7 at the time, and threw himself on the floor screaming.  So yes, I am somewhat of a die-hard Elvis fan.  But although I did get married in Las Vegas, it was not by an Elvis impersonator sadly.  My in-laws were already suicidal that I'm not Catholic.  Perhaps that would have been overkill.With that said, I will agree this is more of an Elvis tribute show, where music and dance are the heart of the show, with some Cirque thrown in for fun.  Perhaps true Cirque fans may be disappointed, but I wasn't.  It was what I expected and more.The show pays tribute to the highlights of his life through a mix of song, dance, live music, video, and some acrobatics.  The three female singers act as back-up singers to Elvis during some of the numbers.  In others, they perform solo or in "duets" with Elvis.  There are no male singers heard besides Elvis himself.I LOVED this show and would see it again.  The theater is really nice, too.  Although we had 2nd row seats, the layout is such that unless a giant is sitting in front of you, most likely you'll have an unobstructed view of the stage.  Also, tickets do say late arrivals will be held, so get there on time.  If you're an Elvis fan, ignore all the naysayers who can't appreciate what this show was meant to be, and go see it!!
3	It was creative, entertaining, and a nice tribute to Elvis. So why just 3 stars?  Because it was labeled as Cirque Du Soleil and I was expecting unbelievable crazy human tricks.  My expectations were let down because it was so focused on the music and the dancing, the essence of what I'm used to for Cirque shows fell short.  It was a 90 minute show w/o intermission.  If you're picking up your tickets at will call, show up early because pretty much everyone is picking up their tickets.  There's a summer promotion going where the balcony seats are around $50.  I'm seeing Beatles Love tonight, so I'll see how it compares.  Hopefully, Love will prove me wrong about vegas' themed Cirque shows.
2	I'm a huge Cirque fan and love Elvis, and may have been spoiled by seeing "O" as my first show 10 years ago. I've see three other shows by them, and found this one to be rather blah. My friend bought balcony tickets, but when we got there we were asked if we wanted to sit in the front row. We thought this rather odd, but I can see why. For this being a holiday weekend, the show was not sold out at all. All the side rows were pretty empty so they were trying to fill. This was more like a tribute show and nothing fancy.
3	Not a bad show at all.  Viva Elvis is for those who love his music and the man himself.  I grew up listening to his gospel songs, and I enjoyed myself, but for a show that's supposed to be up to Cirque standards, I was surprised by the lack of razor sharp coordination and energy that should flow off the performers. The story line was great, going from childhood to Elvis's Vegas days.  I enjoyed the flow of the show and the personal moments that were shown via home movies and photos.  It's seeing a slightly intimate side of what the man behind the tight glittery suits was all about.  The concepts were nice and fun to watch at some points, too.To be brutally honest, the performers didn't feel excited to be there.  It felt somewhat lazy, but they pulled it off to the point where I did enjoy myself.  However, I expect precision and full on emotion from these guys, and it was totally lacking.I love the concept and the colors, but it could've been more exhilarating.  Still, with friends around, it was a good time.
4	There are no impersonators here. Instead this is a tribute and an insight into his life and effect on fans.Elvis was an icon, specifically in Vegas so this is very fitting to be here....I'm surprised he wasn't first before  Beatles Love. Though the vocalists were good, I have very mixed feelings about their presence, specially since it was all female. If this is indeed a tribute show, then should we not let it just be purely Elvis? It modernized some of the songs, but I think that belongs in a lounge,not a tribute. I feel it would have more impact if it was purely the song everyone knows and loves. Should've kept it real like LOVE and Jersey Boys. With that said though, "Love Me Tender" dueted by Elvis and a female vocalist in it's simplicity made me cry in the theater. One must understand though- while other children had lullaby songs, I had a dad that sang this and his vocal range makes it easy for him to sound like Elvis. When I was a little girl, I sang it with him, and it overwhelmed me with a lot of happy memories and pain to see something similar on stage. Stage shows want people to feel something, be moved and I guess they met their goal in those "tender" minutes. I enjoyed the video clips, specially home videos and personal photos, that lend some intimacy in certain parts of the show. I think the costumes and sets were good. Some people might think it's in bad taste, but all those things makes sense in the scheme of all things that is in Elvis's taste and references to the period in time (I heart the fringe dresses! ). There are elements of things that are in a Cirque, but it is very much different from the earlier, traditional Cirques. There is more dancing and acrobatics here, so if you want stunts and more "classic" Cirque- go see O or Ka. I think this makes some Cirque fans mad and that they're "selling out" or whatever, but they can't do the same ol' thing over and over. Most people think that these Vegas ones are the only Cirques, there are 27 Cirques and 4 in pre-production.They're branching out, they're trying something new....I've seen probably close to 20 of those existing Cirques and seriously, if you have seen as much as me, some of it has blended in my head, repetitive. Some are going to be better experiments than others, but I'm glad they are trying to find something more. I kinda agree with Trina that some of the performers weren't as jazzed as others....some were showmancers, some weren't. Some people were precise, some were kinda sloppy at parts. A lot of Cirques have very familiar faces that jump from show to show and most are foreigners....most of these faces I did not recognize from a previous show and most definitely looked American. I guess makes sense since he is an American idol and this is mimicking his time. Still, I think there is a professionalism and passion that the core Cirque performers have that I think the newbies lack. I'm all for youngbloods wanting in the Cirque, but hell you should bring it and deserve to be an entertainer. Even if you don't like your show you're in at the moment- pay your dues and step it up and showmance us. I would like to shoutout to the band though- they were on point and sounded great. In particular, kudos to the drummer with long hair that was on the standing drums...They were drumming AND dancing. Yeah, I notice the little things and it amused me that you were dancing when some of the band was just swaying side to side even when they have handheld instruments that lend better to fancy footwork.. That's one thing none of the Cirques lack- band is always great but this band is  the short list of the most on point  ones. Kudos band! If you are a Cirque fan, a purist kind, I think this you can skip or you might be upset.  If you are a Elvis fan, I would say to possibly try it out. I think this is for his fans than anyone else- just look at the crowds oldtimers. This is the type of show I would bring parents to/people from that era....If my dad was still alive, I would have totally brought him to this. I got in for free courtesy of Yelp via Cirque Du Soleil (thank you!). I would not value this as a show worth to see at full price as some tickets are like well into the mid to upper 100. I think if you are staying at the Aria and can get a special rate then I would say then that might not be a bad idea. This is very difficult to rate. Though I think this to be A-OK of a show, I am a fan of the concept and The Man. Let's just bump this up since I had a good time and had a little special moment about my father. 3.5 stars. There are always going to be a love/hate with a show like this. It's not terrible, its not just what people are expecting of a Cirque but they lost moments by not holding back in their ideas (Parker narrating- seriously?).  Put expectations at the door and just have fun. I would be a bigger fan if there was a section left open for a dancefloor. I'd cut a rug in my blue suede shoes, but I had to keep it to my
3	The Skinny: would have been good as a tribute show but it's really lacking the Cirque magic (3).If this show gave up it's Cirque credentials, it would be a tribute worthy of the King. However... it IS a Cirque show so I feel like I have to hold it up to the standard they have set from their previous ventures.There is little in the way of interesting acrobatics/stunts. Unfortunately, the show also lacked adequate pacing - going from gravitas to more gravitas. It failed to incorporate the King's sense of humour as well which is odd for a Cirque show.Yes, it mostly consists of dance acts. That being said, at times, the choreography occasionally failed to capture the mood or spirit of a piece like Jailhouse Rock. Suspicious Minds was a total cliched performance with two dancers running away from then towards each other. Bleh! Not to mention some of the dancing was definitely sub par (I noticed they weren't in sync at times).I'm kind of torn by the performances of the singers. It's really hard to live up to the vocal chops of Elvis Presley. However some performances were entirely inappropriate. Love Me Tender was singularly upsetting experience because the singer chose to add a few modern pop warblings (Mariah Carey-esque). There is profundity in simplicity - something that Elvis understood and what the singer clearly failed to. There were a few great numbers - like the Bossa Nova number with stacking chairs. The trampoline number was fun. The high bar number was pretty awesome but I wished it could have been longer (loved the American flag design in the background made from clothing lines). The lasso wielding number is also new and entertaining albeit a few slip-ups by the performers.The band rocked the house! Of particular note was the outstanding energetic performance of the percussionist. I could have watched this guy all night - seriously, eclipsed many of the lackluster dancers. His enthusiastic, frenetic pacing was an absolute delight in many of the numbers whether it was on the drums or even a simple tin box.Overall, if you're a fan of Cirque, you're going to be disappointed. If you like Elvis, you're going to see it anyway and need to judge it for yourself. As for me - I got to see it for free (Thanks to Yelp and our awesome CM Misti Y.!) but I don't think I would pay full price for this.
4	One thing I have learned in this town...it's to have no expectations. Good or bad. Just have an open frame of mind.  Walking in to Viva Elvis, I had no idea what to expect. I am a fan of Elvis' music and his story. I am a fan of the costumes, the movies, the capes and all things Elvis. This show was a good extension of all of those things.Although the show seemed a little cheesy at first, I got past that real quick because, hey...it's Vegas. And it's Elvis. Lose the ego Dave.The sound was great! Elvis's voice was bold and alive! The music was great, because the songs had more bounce, and a modern twist, but was done very carefully as to not ruin the integrity of the original work.Not a lot of acrobatics and "cirque" signature moments, but again, walk in with no expectations and an open mind, and you will enjoy this show. If you like Elvis, musical theatre or just something upbeat and fun...this is the show for you.If you want another good, raw opinion, read Matthew C's review on the show. It's not very flattering of the show. I read it before going to this show, and I still liked it.If you are jaded, cynical or if your name is Matthew C. then I'm sure there is another Cirque show more up your alley.
3	I'll start this off by saying I am not a fan Of Elvis Presley, and after reading several scathing reviews, I was looking forward to adding fuel to the "I hate this show fire", kind of like the Chris Angel "Believe" reviews. I WANTED to rip this show to shreds. I can't really do that. I actually liked about 1/2-2/3 of the show. I'm sorry, I didn't really want to like Viva Elvis, any of it.  Starting off on a positive note the band and the arrangements of most of the songs were quite impressive. I assume (since I saw no Elvis singer on stage) all of the songs has Elvis's voice cleaned up, re-mastered and sampled in, to vastly different live arrangements. I really thought this would be a boring parade of overplayed hits (sure you get that too) but Cirque dives in a little deeper to the song lists, performing several "lesser known" songs, much to my suprise. The arrangements took subtle hints of several genres of music. You would hear traditional Elvis arrangements, a tango version, a la Gotan Project, bluesy versions, gospel, a heavily percussive high school band influenced number, loungy, rocked out versions, even a little toasting in one song. I love music and I'm A.D.D. so this worked for me.   It's about Elvis, and in Vegas, so expect some cheese, some of it bad American cheese, some really good European cheese too. The show had hints Disney's High School Musical along with some other Disneyesque elements, very occasional hints of Blue Man Group, Vegas showgirl glitz, some outstandingly edited and enhanced video works. This is a departure from all earlier Cirque shows. Frankly, I prefer the earlier productions. This is more variety show, glitz, flash, glamour, dancing stage show type fare. I think most Elvis fans would find this really enjoyable. It's funny to read some of the other reviews, some of the parts that I thought were fantastic, others didn't like at all. Some of the parts that I thought blew chunks of Hound Dog vomat, others liked. As mentioned in an earlier yelp, Viva Elvis is a bit tough to review. This show is not for everyone. Some people are going to love it, some will hate it, some people will be somewhere in between, like me. There is a lot of variety going on, so if one part kind of blows for you, the next part will likely be more appealing. This is a good clean all American show right here in sin city. I'm not all shook up over the show, nor do I say return to sender...mmm...OK...maybe parts of it.
4	Viva Elvis!!  Of course Cirque tried to combine it's name with that of Elvis thinking they are going to hit one out of the park.  And to a certain extent the show does, but only for the great Elvis fans out there.The beau is a great Elvis fan...and I grew up listening to the King.  Of course, it was something we had to do.  I didn't know much about Elvis' life so to have the background on the King interspersed between really great dancing and some bar work was fun.  I felt like I was part of the show - because we were so close.  Which I loved.I was seriously drooling over one guy in the show.  I couldn't keep my eyes off him.  His shoulders were deeeeelish!  There is also one part in there with two couples doing arial work on hula hoop type circles.  Super sexy.  Done to one of Elvis' great songs which you don't hear too often anymore.  I walked away wanting the CD with the woman who sang it during the production.  Not sure that was an option though.This was more solei than cirque, but still a great production.  If you love Elvis songs you won't be disappointed.  There are some songs in there of his that are sung really well by some women.  I got chills.The rest was just recordings of his songs...but to super fun dancing and bar tricks.
2	First and foremost, I would like to express my great gratitude to our very own Community Manager, Misti Y, for coordinating the LV yelpers to watch this show.  5 Stars for Misti Y. Woohoo as good as it gets! Now, back to the show. I was really disappointed. Regardless if I was 10 minutes late, I felt that the show wasn't Cirque du Soleil. I have seen Mystere a zillion times and each time I am always amused as if it is my first time.  Zummanity is my favorite.  Viva Elvis felt like it was a Jubilee show or something else other than Cirque and I was not in awe at all. Trust me I like Elvis. When I was a child back in my home country, I believed and grew up thinking that I was coming to America to marry Elvis Presley (little did I know then that he has been deceased for many years! LOL!) So I was a little crushed last night when the show wasn't really what I expected to be.... I expected Elvis Presley and not a bunch of singers and dancers lip syncing to his songs.  Even the acrobats were not up to par as what Cirque is all about.The music production was also diluted because of how old the music was and each time a different song would come on the levels were off and at one point, it became really loud which almost blew our ear drums. The things that I liked were the jumpers dressed in super hero outfits and the fact that they showed Young Elvis alot, still I wished that Cirque worked their magic and brought him back....maybe my expectations are high but it is Cirque du Soleil!!!
3	I caught a glimpse of this performance on "So You Think You Can Dance" so I had some idea of what I was going to see.  There was more dancing than acrobatics.  I am more a fan of the acrobatics.  There were a couple of duets and different arrangements of songs which I felt were ok.  The musicians are very talented.  I love seeing the band up front.It was a good show that explained a lot about Elvis' life up to his time in Las Vegas.  I do not think I will be running back to see it anytime soon but I am glad I saw it.  I did not listen to much of Elvis' music while growing up, but this performance has made me realize how much I like Elvis Presley.
3	Viva Elvis is an entertaining variety show.  It is not at all a typical Cirque show.  If that's what you're looking for, don't go to this or you will be disappointed.  Let's call it "Cirque Light"-- 1/3 the acrobatics and staging of regular Cirque, same Cirque price!If you like Elvis, Broadway-ish/lyrical choreography, and some acrobatics, you will probably like it a lot!As far as I can tell, the director of this show picked 12 choreographers and had them all draw a random Elvis song out of a hat.  Then they each drew a random budget out of another hat, and that's what they had to work with.  It's so weird! Some vignettes are totally low-budget blah-fest, then the next song is a full on awesome major production.  Most "acts" are really enjoyable, but the show has no rhyme or reason to it, other than the unifying Elvisness.I personally LOVED all the old video footage; it made me remember what a hottie young Elvis was! Of course, the music was great too.  And there were some ridiculously cool parts.... it is Cirque after all.Definitely worth a viewing if you can score free or discounted tickets, but for $100+ you'd probably get more out of one of the other Cirque shows.PS, if you like the choreography on So You Think You Can Dance, you'll love it.  I would swear that Tice D'Iorio and Mandy Moore were two of the people drawing out of that imaginary hat.
4	I agree with a majority of the yelpers, this should not be classified as a Cirque show, strictly and purely a tribute to Elvis. There were only few scenes I remember containing any kind of Cirque-ish type performance. And to top if off, hey, I'm no dancer-- BY ANY MEANS, I have seizures induced by music, but I have a huge love for dance and even I know that you must guide or be in sync when you're dancing because, YOU DO. The performers totally failed in this category. It seems as though Aria picked up the rejects at the other casinos. It's kinda sad. You've got to have an appreciation for Elvis's music to have some what of a good time at the show. My husband is a HUGE fan of Elvis and what he enjoyed the most was the music. As soon as we returned home after the show he popped in all his Elvis movies, it was quite entertaining to see how giddy he was, he was borderline annoying with all the singing he was doing. I LOVED the montage of photos/videos, the music, the audio recording of Elvis's voice (yea, at time's it was a little creepy) and Aria's -attempt- at trying to make this a tribute to the King. I DID NOT like that the performers made me feel like I was at a High School talent show, HIT THOSE moves people!!! The show only lasted 1 hr and 30 mins (that's including the amount of time that the show was late and the time that it took to walk out of the show room through the crowd). The 4-Star rating is because we had a good time considering we received complimentary tickets but I really don't think that I would've paid for these tickets, I mean I've been wanting to see Love at the Mirage and haven't because I hearts the Beatles and I have the fear of being disappointed especially at a minimum of $100/ticket.
2	I love Elvis and I love Cirque du Soleil. I didn't love the Viva Elvis show. Pros 1. Video clips. It was nice to be reminded of Elvis' accomplishments. I especially enjoyed the "kissing" montage. 2. The military segment. 3. The ballet dancers en pointe. Having danced balled for 14 years, I'm a sucker for any ballet dancing. 4. The contemporary duo dance scene. Think So You Think You Can Dance, with way too many (read: fake feeling) longing embraces and desperate "push-aways." 5 Jail House segment. Cons 1. Not enough acrobatics 2. Unentertaining "host" character 3. Too many repetitive dance steps and acrobatic tricks. Seemed like they were trying to drag out the scenes. I kept thinking, "didn't they just do that same dance segment?" 4. Random superhero trampoline segment that didn't really feel like Elvis. I understand he liked comics, but it still felt out of place. When we left the theater, I asked my husband, what did you think? He replied with, "we paid the right price." (thanks to Misty Y.!!) I can honestly say I will not recommend this show to my out of town friends or family who are coming to Vegas. Sorry to say that since I love Elvis and I love Cirque du Soleil.
4	First and foremost, Thank you very much Misti for working this out. I know a lot of the others where all shook up about the show..... Okay Ill stop the Elvis quotes there. Anyways, It sounded like a lot of my fellow yelpers did not love it due to the loose use of "Cirque" I have never seen a show in Vegas Prior to this and the only Cirque show I have ever seen was in Reno. My outlook on this show I'm sure differs hugely from most of the other attendees that night. My father passed away when I was just out of high school and before that he was an Elvis impersonator..... Let me explain, he was not the guy on the strip taking pictures for $5 or the old guy you see at imperial palace belting out you ain't nothing but a hound dog at 2AM. He was flown around the country to put on shows and yearly played at Graceland for Elvis's Birthday and other events that had been put on. He would also do shows here in good ole Vegas. SO obviously when I would go visit him and spend time with him, all we would listen to was Elvis and I happened to be very educated when it came to Elvis's story. Watching this show really brought back a lot of memories for me and made me think of my dad. My opinion of this show may be higher due to it pulling on my human strings. I do have to say though the 2 scenes I enjoyed the most would be Return to Sender and Jailhouse Rock.I think it was a great time and I would recommend any Elvis fan take the time to see this show.
5	OK, so I saw this show again on July 12th.  What can I say?  The show is very good, it has great music, it's a fine tribute to Elvis, and there are some good acrobatics in the show, too!  I saw the show with a group of Yelpies.  Since I was the most senior Yelpie there who lived and remembers the years when Elvis was performing, I was anxious to gauge the group's reaction to different segments of the show.Most appeared to like what I do, but perhaps with a bit less enthusiasm than me.  Sure this isn't your traditional Cirque show, but what is?  Every Cirque show, and I've seen them all more than once (well I'd never put myself though Believe a second time), is different.  Each has its own blend of dance, music, and acrobatics.  As Cirque has matured in Las Vegas, it has placed a bit less emphasis on the circus like part of Cirque to the artistic, musical, dance part of Cirque.  That's neither good nor bad--it's change.The one lame part of this show is the aerial pas de deux used as a scene changer.  I have thought this was out of place from show one, but if they leave it in, that's OK too.Any time you have a group of performers dressed smartly and signing Viva Las Vegas, you've got me hooked.
3	A musical, acrobatic journey through the life of Elvis.I'm actually named after Elvis Aaron Presley.  My mom is a devoted fan.  Thanks to dad, I dodged the bullet of being named Elvis as my mom suggested.  I'm sorry, but the amount of teasing I would have endured throughout elementary school with that name would have been enough to scar me indefinitely.Anyway, this is a good show.  Not bad, not the best.  It's good.  The avid Cirque connoisseur may be a little disappointed by the lack of scary clowns, contortionists, and/or a weird story line.  But fear not, the super hero trampoline act (apparently Elvis was a comic book fan) is one of the most exciting Cirque acts I've seen to date.However, die hard Elvis fans may take some issue with this show too.  His songs are played by a live band and sung, but a few times by a female singer.  I can imagine my mom preferring that these be delivered in as much of an Elvis-esk voice as possible.  I personally didn't mind it.Search fatwallet.com or elsewhere for a deal on tickets.  This show is worth what I paid (around $60), but not full price (over $100).  Here's the promo I used: http://promo-www.cirquedusoleil.com/las-vegas/summer-2010/index.htmI watched Viva Elvis from the mezzanine, which actually wasn't bad at all.  Most of the stage props are impressively massive, perhaps making these seats even preferable over the lower sections because of the view.As far as Vegas shows go, I enjoyed this one more than Jubilee or Peepshow, but less than Zumanity.  Go in with mid-range expectations of a standard show and you'll be fine.  If you're looking for your traditional Cirque du Soleil fix, you should probably check out one of the other shows they offer on the strip.Not to ruin the ending, but here's a tip: Red Viva Elvis scarves will be dropped from the ceiling at the finale.  Try to stand up and grab one for a bonus free souvenir!Tip #2: Grab BOGO drinks (coupon included with your will call tickets) from the adjacent Gold Lounge and bring them into the show.  However, please check out my Gold Lounge review for the heads-up on a few things before going: http://www.yelp.com/biz/gold-lounge-las-vegas#hrid:J1GP5DwbCZMjov4V1w_LxgTip #3: Start your evening at Aria early, and check out the American Fish happy hour for pre-show appetizers and drinks: http://www.yelp.com/biz/american-fish-las-vegas-2#hrid:rbCRPYavgJRoWqwUfdbqBg
1	This is NOT a show for true Elvis fans. I am a member of 2 local Elvis fan clubs in town and I can honestly say that this show offended me on so many levels. I think that if you're not aware of Elvis and the history of him becoming the King of Rock and Roll, you might actually enjoy it more. They turned one song into a reggae version? They had a big Blue Suede shoe as a prop that dancers were sliding off of? Colonel effin Parker narrates it??? There are comic book heroes bouncing off of trampolines? The list goes on as to why I could barely sit through this show. Maybe an Elvis impersonator should have been used, maybe the whole dang production needs to be rewritten. I don't know what could salvage this mess. I only know that as an Elvis fan I am greatly saddened that this show didn't turn out better. I talked to one of the local Elvis impersonators wives' last week after she saw the show and she had the exact same reaction. She agreed that if we knew less about Elvis, it might have been more enjoyable. So if you're a HUGE Elvis fan steer clear. If you're not totally familiar with him but enjoy his music you might like it, but that's a big 'MIGHT'
3	This is more like an old-school Vegas show than something that resembles any of the other Cirque shows. So, if you go in expecting to see acrobatics and crazy stunts you're going to be disappointed. It's more of a song and dance performance -- part "So you think you can dance", part American Bandstand, and part Cruise-ship musical. That's not to say that it was an awful show, just one that isn't my cup of tea. There are some parts that were entertaining and if you're a big Elvis fan you may enjoy the show. I know little about his story but was familiar with his music since my dad was a huge fan of his and played it often. This show lacks the impact that LOVE has possibly because the music itself seems more campy and has less depth than that of the Beatles. And, in case you're wondering there was no mention of his love of fried peanut butter and banana sandwiches and the show doesn't end with the Elvis dancers falling off toilets and passing away.There were plenty of empty seats so if you want to see the show buy discounted tickets at one of the many Tix4Tonight booths around the strip for same-night performances.
4	i really enjoyed this show.  out of the other cirque shows ive seen(zumanity, love, mystere, and i include le reve cus its flippity floppy like them too).  i would actually rank this at the top.  i  have little to no knowledge of elvis, but i really enjoyed the show.  it was enjoyable, i liked the story of his life, and i absolutely loved the superhero on trampoline bit.  i have no clue what it was meant to represent but i really didnt care either.  i have never been able to follow the purpose of the cirque shows, even pretend to understand their storylines, but i just enjoy the theatrics of it.  i thought this was really fun to watch and i learned a lot about the life of elvis which was cool as well.  we sat in the balcony and the seat was perfect.  it was no problem at all seeing everything.  we got tickets at the tix 4 tonight booth, so i would suggest doing so.  they were i think $56 or so a ticket for two.  which is a much better deal than paying full price, so i would consider picking them up their.  i highly endorse this show, and would consider seeing it again.
4	I'm a huge Cirque fan and after reading the reviews, I was reluctant to see this show. However, my wife really wanted to see it and we were celebrating her 60th birthday in Las Vegas. I actually enjoyed it much more than I thought I would and she LOVED it.We got discount tickets via the Summer of Cirque promo on their web site for $55 each, opting for the balcony. This turned out to be slightly less expensive than what Tix4Tonight was charging. Since the seating plan on Ticketmaster was very hard to read, I couldn't really tell where the seats were. When I picked up the tickets at will call, the agent told me that they were great seats and indeed they were - first row balcony, center. As with many Cirque shows that have as much vertical performance as they have horizontal, it's often better to sit farther back or in the balcony. We learned this when we sat too close at Ka. We were glad we refused the usher's offer to seat us downstairs when we asked where the elevator was so my 90-year old mother-in-law who was with us didn't have to walk up the stairs. BTW, there were plenty of empty seats so you should search for a deal.As other reviewers have said, if you are expecting a traditional Cirque du Soleil show, you will be disappointed. While the Cirque name certainly has drawing power, it creates a certain set of acrobatic expectations and mystique that this show will not meet. However, if you think of this as an entertaining music and dance show, you will like it. The band playing the Elvis music was pretty animated and energetic, especially one of the two drummers who always played standing. I'm not sure how they had Elvis' voice singing to a live band. If they had someone in the back singing, they certainly never introduced him. Elvis purists may not like that a few of his songs were sung by female singers or were slightly modernized, but I thought it added some variety. I quite enjoyed the superheroes segment on trampolines. It created an almost eerie spiderman-like effect where actors would jump from high above, bounce up and climb up the side walls. With many such folks jumping simultaneously, it was the part of the show that I thought was closest to other Cirque shows I've seen. There were two romantic dances that I thought were well choreographed - an aerial dance and a modern, on-stage dance. The whole orchestra (but not balcony) audience was standing and rocking along for the finale.There's a photographer taking pics in front of one of two Viva Elvis signs just before entering the theater. They charge $45 per two photo album. If you think that's crazy like I do, then bring a camera and take your own pix in front of the other sign.I didn't like this as much as O, Ka, or Mystere, but I actually liked it more than Love, though that may be because we saw Love during one of the preview shows before the actual opening.
5	If you're in Vegas and an Elvis fan and don't see this show you're missing out big time! Stupendous! Spectacular! Jaw dropping! Eye opening! Absolutely loved it!
3	I am also a huge Cirque fan. This was the only show on the Strip I had not seen, so I went last Saturday ... without reading any reviews. If I would have paid $55 like Norm W. instead of $145 per person, I might have more good things to say. For $55-$90, this show is TOTALLY worth it. $145 is stretching it. I thought the show was entertaining. My favorite parts were the acrobats and the contemporary dance couple. The bridal cake scene was a little creepy to me. All in all, great choreography and costumes as usual with Cirque, but just not enough thrill, action and theatrics for me personally. When you compare this show to Ka or O, there is simply no comparison. I will say this: it's WAY better than Zumanity.
5	I saw this show recently. I am a local and I was able to get some great priced tickets on their website. It is totally worth the money. I agree with other reviewers that it is not your typical cirque du soliel show, but it is still an amazing show. I have seen all the other Cirque du soliel shows in Vegas and some of their traveling shows. They have done it again with an amazing show. You must see the show for yourself.
2	If this show did not have the name Cirque du Soleil attached to it, it may have been better received.I have to say I knew going in that I would probably be disappointed...I knew it would be more like the Beatles LOVE show... more musical than CIrque du Soleil. But I thought this is Aria.... they wouldn't pay millions for a half ass show, they are state of the art... they are technologically advanced... they have toilet seat warmers and bidets in their suites that memorize your settings for seat and water temperature.This hotel is stellar in everything it tried to accomplish .... except for this show. They got sold a big name with no substance worthy of the CIrque franchise.At least Bellagio got "O', who ever let this get sold to Aria should be ashamed for letting this be one of the only blemishes on Aria's pristine face. I think this show completely insults the intelligence of its' viewers by assuming we don't understand how underwhelming this show really is. I would of been even more disappointed had we paid for the tickets...
3	The newest Cirque Du Soleil to be in Vegas in the Aria Hotel and Casino...it was good....not great....not bad...I am not a huge Elvis fan but like his music. If you have kids that you want to introduce Elvis to...I can recommend Disney's Lilo and Stitch which included a lot of Elvis songs which made me like his songs more and more and want to see this show.The show seem to be very fast pace and there wasn't much of in intermission to let it sink in....wish there was more to it but still a show to watch. NOTHING BUT A HOUND DOG!
4	Entertaining, fast-paced, good sound, good venue, period costumes and story-based show! Love Elvis music and certainly one of my favorite CIRQUE shows. Some of the scenes were truly delightful -- interspersed with movies depicting Elvis' real life. Loved the wedding scene and the Dancing Elvi especially. The entertainers were awesome. Add to that the awesomeness of a Cirque production and it was an awesome night.
1	If you want to see a Cirque du Soleil show- go see something else.  If you are a big fan of Elvis- then see this show.I've seen a handful of the Cirque shows in Las Vegas (MY Favorite: The Beatles LOVE.  I would see that 50 times!  It has great balance of fantastic music and great Cirque du Soleil.) and this to me was barely a Cirque show.For one, there wasn't all the regular stuff going on in the air all over the place.  It was mostly on the floor, dancing.  There were a couple of "cirque" moments in the show.But if you are a big Elvis fan, then you will probably love it.  It goes over Elvis' entire life (from when he was a boy, to when he was drafted, to when he was married, to when he was in Vegas) which was pretty interesting.  Very cool footage of his life and of course, the music is what everyone really remembers.  I'm glad we got free VIP tickets, cause I think I would have been even more disappointed if I would have paid for a Cirque du Soleil show and got this.
5	Really enjoyed it . . . Surprised so many negative reviews, as everyone was standing at the end of the show.  I've only seen O, as far as Cirque shows go, but I thought there was plenty of acrobatics.  I'm an Elvis fan, but I think you'd enjoy it even if you weren't.
5	I LOVED THIS SHOW!!Ok, so I might be 1/2 the age of most of the people that attended the show, but listening to his music as I grew up (because of my parents), I could not stop smiling and dancing in my seat.  We got the tickets from the 1/2 price ticket places that are up and down the Strip.  So we paid ~$67 for a show on Saturday night.The bar offered a frozen drink called "TCB"....O..M..G!!!  Peanut Butter, Bananas and Coconut Rum.  THANK YOU ELVIS for loving PB & banana sandwiches!! I slurped that down even before the show started!The production wasn't as grand as KA or other Cirque shows, but it was very very good. I was amazed at the superheroes jumping around that my mouth was dry from hanging open.  When they sang "Can't Help Falling in Love" I had tears..This is a show that I would definately come back and see...and I'm bringing my parents with me this time.
2	Here are the hints to how you know that Viva Elvis by Cirque Du Soleil is an easy pass:1. You find yourself more taken by the old movie montages of Elvis's make out scenes running behind the stage2. You find yourself listening to the inexcusably annoying "narrator" (acting as Elvis' former manager) and wondering why Cirque deployed an element that makes you think of nothing other than a strange hybrid between Disney's Hall of the Presidents and the Country Bear Jamboree3. You see the "Jailhouse Rock" scene, which is more than halfway through the performance and you think "Oh, that looks like Cirque"4. You think "wow, this ballet scene is beautiful"5. You keep imagining the magnificently asymmetrical costuming from the Beatles Love show6. You are struggling during the show to make sense of why in most Cirque shows NO ONE speaks, and you're pleading with this show to make that annoying dude stop talking7.  You are thinking about why the "O" show feels like it is not on a conventional "stage", and you are thinking about your high school auditoriumThis show was an incredible disappointment.  It was a fine musical review, with a great cover band and very talented dancers (and a drummer and some horn players that made you wish all those other people would just leave so you could hear raw talent without a ton of old movie video).  But as a Cirque show it made no sense.  It was representational and not allusive or abstract.  Costumes were normal.  They talked about Elvis' Vegas comeback and....guess what...they tossed up some Vegasy showgirls in feathered hats and some flames.If nothing else, someone at Cirque please see this and get rid of the narrator - who is up there shucking and jiving like he's a laugh riot - and seemingly everyone in the show is deaf to the sound of 2 out of 600 people chuckling shyly from the audience.   This guy may be the single biggest reason the show was  1/2 filled on a Halloween weekend Thursday night.Until the kinks are resolved and the show is configured to be something you feel you need to keep up with, versus something that feels a bit like the History Channel with awesome percussion, I'd steer clear.
3	I'm going to make a bold statement - I don't think this show is any worse than Love and I liked it far better than Ka ! If you're into the whole music/dancing with a few stunts thrown in , I don't really get how Love is considered so much better? Personally my favorite Cirque shows are O and Mystere as I love the "circus" part of Cirque, but I did find Viva Elvis entertaining and fun. I will give you the disclaimer that I'm not an Elvis fan. I'm pretty clueless about his life story and I walked into this with no preconceived notions. I found it historical, interesting, and visually spectacular. If there were historical inaccuracies I certainly didn't notice them. If you liked Love and enjoy Elvis's music I don't see why you wouldn't enjoy Viva Elvis as well !!!
1	Terrible terrible terrible...Worse show we have ever seen. This is no Cirque du Soleil ....At the end they ask everyone to get on their feet I guess it's the only way for them to get a standing ovation...A big waste of money. Go see Jersey boys or Love. This show need to be shut down today!
2	let me start by saying i won free tickets on twitter. @cirque did a RT contest and gave away free tickets to this show. maybe its because im not a die hard elvis fan, or maybe it was just the show itself, but definitely wasnt a fan, and super glad i didnt have to pay for these tickets.when i was a kid, my neighbor and babysitter loved loved loved elvis, so i was familiar with is music and his story. all the cirque shows always amazed me, but this one - not so much.some of the dance scenes were awesome. i like that they incorporated a lot of different styles of dance and the regular things they do at a cirque show. maybe the narrator was annoying?i do like that they kept it positive, and didnt end it all weird or depressing.like a lot of people say about this show, if you LOVE elvis, go see this show. if you love the cirque shows, dont see this one.
1	WTH were they thinking making a show like this?  What a horrible tribute to Elvis Presley, one of my all time favorite artists.  I grew up listening to Elvis because my mom is a big fan of his music so I was extremely excited to get a hold of some tickets with such good seats.  Boy, was I in for a surprise.  I don't really want to go into detail without giving it away for those who still want to see it, but don't expect too much acrobatics and don't count on much of a WOW factor either.  This show lacks any depth and I really felt like they took some things from other cirque shows, manipulated it a bit, and tried to tie in a little historical/biographical/musical testament to Elvis.  It was a complete fail and some of the acts made me think, "WTF is going on?!?!  Why is this bit in here??!? How is this even relevant?!??  When is this shit going to end!!!??  F-ing ridiculous!!!".  Not surprisingly, I fell asleep periodically throughout the show.  I was ready to leave before it ended and felt like it was a waste of my life- how sad is that?!?!Whatever, I wouldn't recommend this show to anyone, Elvis fan or not, and I would suggest you save your money and go see another show.  Fortunately for me I didn't pay for my tickets!!!  I would've been damn regretful if I had though.  On a brighter tip: the auditorium is really big and nice.  You can tell they invested a lot of money in this.  Costumes were colorful and somewhat interesting to see.  Lastly, they did play some of his classics that I loved listening to.  Cirque, I hope you came on yelp and really take these reviews to heart.  and....Elvis, I apologize on behalf of Cirque for portraying you in such an atrocious fashion; what a slap in the face!!! May you rest in peace!!!
5	If you have seen Cirque du Soleil before and like Cirque du Soleil you will certainly like this show.  If you are expecting some kind of traditional tribute to Elvis you may walk away thinking, "What the hell happened? Did Aliens Ten Thousand years from now find some Elvis records and forgotten video footage and try to make a show out of it and then somehow manifest at the Aria ten thousand years in their past???"  If you 'get' Cirque du Soleil you will easily enjoy this tribute that resides somewhere between hypnogogic allegory and REM Freudian Fantasy (as does all of Cirque du Soleil).  I really thought the military scenes were well done.   I also really loved the trampoline super hero number.  The old footage that they used was amazing too.  I had forgotten what a unique dancer Elvis was and how he transmuted a lot of traditions into his movements.  I would see it again as I would the Beatles show.  I think Cirque lends itself well to these kind of tributes.  Representation of something in the concrete physical world gives them an anchor for their more ethereal allegory.  It becomes more kind of stream of conscious allegory than deep dreams.  I really appreciate their unique form of expression.
3	Better than I expected, after reading these reviews.Not as good as O, or LOVE.
2	So my friend had complimentary tickets for this show from his mom a couple of months back, and me being a "Wanting to see every show in Vegas" kind of girl...I decided to give it a try.  If you ever decide to come to this show, let me just say this.  Be prepared to bring your blanket and a cuddling partner because it is INSANELY BORING!  Yes, the opening act does allow the girls to interact with the crowd...but after that, the show concludes of boring singing numbers, weird dance numbers, and footages of Elvis.  The show has no flow, and that even the 'Cirque Du Soleil' name didn't save it because the acrobats really sucked.  I mean, I'm no acrobat and I applaud the actors and so forth for their hard work in trying to make this work...it just didn't.  I think that the whole play or whatever it is, the number...needs a whole re-write because nothing flowed into the next scene.  I could've rated this a 1, but the only reason I didn't is because I enjoyed the renditions they did on some of Elvis's hits.  Especially Love Me Tender, and Can't Help Falling In Love.  If you can withstand the "unflowiness" of the acts, and weird dance and singing numbers, then I suggest you go see it.  But I would avoid it, until they improve the show.  Give or take, it should be well prepared within a year or 2.....well I hope.
3	Because KA was sold out while I was standing in line, I 'had' to buy tickets to Elvis. I heard mixed reviews and never had the urge to see it especially after the LOVE fiasco but my dad is a big Elvis fan and my cousin just saw it last week and loved it. 90-minutes later wah wah (okay I can't really convey the sound game shows play when you loose but you get the point.) Save your money and do something else, or fork over the extra money and see O (or be smarter than me and buy your tickets earlier than 4 hours before the show on Christmas Eve, heh.)Side notes about the tickets:- full prices here: http://www.cirquedusoleil.com/en/shows/viva-elvis/tickets/las-vegas.aspx- holiday discounted tickets here: http://www.cirquedusoleil.com/en/promo/2010/holiday/home.aspx?las-vegas- probably the BEST DEAL if you have access to the internet: http://www.vegas.com/shows/ (you can buy $100 for $80 gift cards at Costco so essentially saving you 20% on your purchase, PLUS, use coupon code: Facebook for $20 off or Getaway for $25 off)- if you don't have time, here's how to get heavy discounts day of or day before the show tickets with additional -$2 per ticket: http://www.tix4tonight.com/coupon.htm (you can find their kiosk across the street at the Coke world entrance)We sat here for only $65: http://www.cirquedusoleil.com/en/~/media/shows/viva-elvis/images/content/seat-view/Section-202.jpg
4	I suppose I should be upfront and straight away divulge that I have a serious thing for Elvis and that I come from a dance background. So I suppose you can say that I viewed this show through those lenses - a lover of Elvis and dance.Yes, Viva Elvis is not your typical Cirque show. In fact, if this is your first Cirque experience, you will likely be disappointed. And yes, Viva Elvis is more dance than acrobatics - much more so than Beatles Love.I was enthralled from open to close with this show. And not once did I begin to think "is it almost over yet?", which I have admit did cross my mind a few times at Beatles Love.The way the songs were "redone" were actually great (something I cannot say about Beatles Love). In fact, some were "I'm going to have to buy the Viva Elvis album" worthy.The footage of Elvis they showed was great and very well done. A lot of it was familiar footage, but there several instances of "I've never seen that before!", which as a pretty big Elvis fan, that was really awesome.The dancing and choreography were quite well done. I really thoroughly enjoyed each dance number. And I like how they attempted to do the show as a progression through Elvis's life.The Mississipi, Army, and movie numbers were excellent. I just wish the Vegas portion had been a little better and longer.All in all, one of my fav Cirque experiences. And I will definitely be recommending it to friends coming in to visit.
1	Important note!  Cirque doesn't offer refunds!  This show was TERRIBLE! no exaggeration. And I've seen 6 cirque shows. Never once leaving in the middle of it. Not only was our show stopped for technical difficulties, there was almost no cirque acrobatics. Mostly the show consisted of video footage with someone singing along or a dance number with poor choreography. Seriously. I think video game dance moves are more advanced. I love cirque, but this whole experience has put a bad taste in my mouth.  When complaining to the box office about the show, they sent me on a wild goose chase of who was going to issue a refund only to finally refuse to and then suggesting I go see another show. Seriously? You want me to pay TWICE now!  Cirque had lost their artistic standard and have now just become overpriced cheesy vegas shows. Now I understand why the street vendors offer them at 75% off ticket price. They have to in order for people to come. Very disappointed.  That may just be my last cirque show ever.
4	Viva Elvis!!! ^^
5	I had read some of the reviews prior to seeing tonights show and had some mixed feelings on what I was about to see. The old saying about pleasing some people some of the time etc.....well, I say pretty close to the almost packed house , we're as pleased as any audience could be. Standing ovation to a spectacular performance. One and a half hours of entertainment. Way to go Aria.
3	I've been to many Cirque shows, and was very excited when an Elvis show was rumored to open at Aria. Well, I finally went and was somewhat disappointed. There was way too much dancing with poor choreography and lack lustre dancers. The acts that did seem in tune with the traditional Cirque fashion were good, and the Elvis life story with actual video clips was more along the lines of what I wanted to see. The theater is huge in your traditional stadium format. I prefer the more intimate setting of Love and La Reve (though this is not an actual Cirque production, it is definitely worthy of being so).
4	I've seen 5 cirque du soleil shows and this is nothing like the others. It's mostly a music and dance show with a little cirque du soleil thrown in for effect. There's one part where guys dress up as super heros and jump which was the coolest part of the show. Despite the lack of acrobatics the music performance was amazing. I was entertained the whole time and Elvis's music is still great to this day. The whole theater was dancing and feeling the music. The best performance was Love me tender and jail house rock!If you're in vegas go see this show!
4	This was a good show!  I was pleasantly surprised because I wasn't impressed with Love, Cirque's Beatles show, at all.  Viva Elvis showed wonderful footage of Elvis while the live singing, dancing, and acrobatics took place on amazing sets. The show was about Elvis but it wasn't all real literal which I liked.  I thought it was entertaining and kept my interest. I would go again.
3	See photos for ... oh wait, you're not allowed to take any photos at Cirque. =) Sorry folks! But if you're a big Elvis fan, this show will probably swell your love for him even more. If not, why are you even bothering to buy tickets? Go see something else, don't make like a pre-teen YouTuber ragging on a musician's music video but clearly took the time to watch it, tear it apart and complain all the way. As a warning, there aren't as many acrobatics as the other Cirque show(s) I've seen (live and on TV) and there's a lot more dance numbers. Maybe it's a little bit expensive with that in mind but it was a nice chronicle of Elvis's life from his childhood to his army days, his marriage to Priscilla, etc. The GOOD:- NO Elvis impersonator, thank God! I was worried about how over the top cheesy that could get but thankfully, they used video footage and shadow play for Elvis, not a overweight middle-aged man with half a jar of hair gel in his pompadour- The superhero portion. You'll see what I mean when you're there but with the help of trampolines, these guys seriously defied gravity The MEH:- Some of the video footage. Was I supposed to focus on the video? Or the people performing while the footage was rolling? TOO MUCH- The fake Southern announcer (apologies if he was actually Southern). It was a bit too corny pretending to be Elvis's manager All in good fun. Once was enough but I'm rather excited to see what they might do with Michael Jackson this year for their IMMORTAL tour. But they're only in Seattle one day, what up with that??
1	I saw this show in July, and it was terrible.  A handful of mistakes, and not much to it.  I have seen a few other Cirque du Soleil shows and they were all 5/5's, this one is a complete dud.  I'm suprised they allow the Cirque name on it.
2	In one word:  HORRIBLE!!My mother is a huge Elvis fan so I grew up with the music.  In fact, the first memory I have is finding out Elvis died when I was a little kid.A friend of mine had comps so I went with her to check it out because I had been thinking of taking my mom for her 78th birthday.  I'm glad I saw it first, because she probably would've burnt down the Aria had I subjected her to it.The dancing was amateurish and the plastic Elvis hair was weird.  I felt like I was watching a bad high school musical performance.  They had female leads singing the Elvis songs.  I'd rather have a GOOD Elvis impersonator or just a good male singer performing the songs.  The females had good voices but it seemed weird to have them perform the songs of such an iconic male singer.  The only reason this is getting two stars is because I didn't have to pay for this train wreck.
5	I was not an Elvis fan prior to seeing this show, but I am now.  I loved all the fun music, dancing, acrobatics, and learning about Elvis' life.The acrobatic pair who performed to "Suspicious Minds" was AMAZING! So were the trampolining "Super Heroes" and the acrobats who performed inside these giant hanging wedding rings.I loved every minute of it! It was not at all cheesy, but rather very classy and fun.  It is a must-see in my book!
3	Good show.  Not my favorite Cirque show.  Things I liked: Very creative scenery.  More dancing and less acrobatics than in other cirque shows.  Much less contortionist parts.  My favorite scene was the super hero's that walk up walls.Things I didn't like as much: nothing really over the top crazy difficult; a lot of real video and recordings, much more singing and acting than in other cirque shows
1	Oh wow! I'm so bummed, I was offered free tickets and it's been a while since I saw the show.  I had heard rumor that they fixed a lot of technical aspects and revamped overall. I'm sad to say, it's worse than before.  I was so bored and wanted to leave the second song in. I still don't recommend it, gave it a second chance and I still disliked this show very much. I feel horrible leaving such a crappy review, but come on Cirque, you can do waaaay better than that!!!!Most of the Elvis songs are sung by females.  Not sure how I feel about that. The stripper pole section was still cool.  And the superheros were neat but not amazing!  :/
3	This contains more talking and more dancing than all the other Cirque du Soleil shows.  Unless your a huge Elvis fan go see Ka or O.  Both are better.
5	Loved this show!  This Cirque show is not like other Cirque shows that are heavy on acrobatics.  First and foremost is the music, and the life of Elvis.  There was great dancing, and the singers were outstanding.  As mentioned by many others, the superhero trampoline act was one of the coolest parts of the show.We had seats in the second row, and the seat was actually like sitting on a couch or love seat.  It was that comfortable!  The only down side was that I felt the song selection was pretty predictable.  It was all good, though.  I felt the show was worth every penny we spent.
5	As Mrs. Mia Wallace so eloquently articulated, "There's two kinds of people in this world, Elvis people and Beatles people."*I count myself firmly in the latter camp. And as a result, I came in with low expectations, but I admit that I walked out with a newfound respect for the King. I had previously known him as the author of a few catchy songs, and a huge proponent of gorging yourself on peanut butter and bacon (both things I can respect). But during some of dance sequences, I found myself actually mesmerized by his presence on the screen, despite the live action happening all around the stage. His charisma is readily apparent, and demands your attention.That said, what kept me at the edge of my shockingly comfortable COUCH (not seat), was the acrobatics. I am not much of a "dance show" kind of guy, but there is no denying that the performance these hugely talented people put on is visually stunning. I was absolutely amazed by the inhuman ability of the acrobats to move as though the laws of gravity simply didn't apply to them.Now, diehard Elvis fans might be a bit peeved that the creators may have taken some liberties with the story, but I'm in favor of anything that allows the acrobats to showcase their skills. For instance, a single quote in which Elvis mentioned comic books was extrapolated into an unrelated superhero sequence in which several acrobats bounced around on trampolines. I couldn't care less that it probably didn't relate to Elvis (it was damn entertaining), but I can see how some might. Perhaps this all indicates that I might have been even more impressed with some of the other, less Elvis-focused performances...but all I know is that I had an unexpectedly awesome time, and I would gladly see any Cirque show in the future.__________*In a scene that was ultimately cut from the theater version of the film.
3	We attend this show 3/11.  My wife is a huge Elvis fan, and we have both been to Graceland.  The show had its good and bad parts.  I would say this isn't a TRUE Cirque du Soleil show.  There was one act that featured the Cirque but most of the rest of the show was like a musical.  There was a Super Hero act that was pretty cool.  I thought the Plastic/Rubber Elvis hair on the actors in the final scene was cheesy.  Overall I can't say that my wife or myself would recommend anyone to check out the show.  The Aria is a HUGE hotel complex, so give yourself time to get to the show and find your seats.  The show wasn't sold out, so, I would assume they would have tickets available last minute.
3	Free tix from work which was the ONLY way I was going to see this show after hearing/reading so many mixed reviews.  I came in with zero expectations and left being entertained for 90 minutes.   Viva Elvis is just a $20 million version of "Vegas: The Show" at Saxe Theater. We saw the 9:30 show on a Friday night and the place was 65% full at best.  I liked the design of the theatre itself and the decor outside of it was really cool too.I grew up with all the music (thanks, Mom!) and know Elvis's story pretty well so I was into all the songs.  I was toe tapping the whole time!!  My wife knew about half the songs but was more interested in the fact that Carly Smithson was singing in the show (big American Idol fan).   The trampoline part was the coolest "cirque" of the show but its just an extension of the same part in Mystere.  I kinda hate that I've become jaded with Cirque shows and that I'm so picky and kinda numb/dull about them now.  If someone had never seen a show in LV before and saw this..they would probably think it was freakin awesome.  Still better than KA....most things are.  Nowhere close to as good as "O".  Only worth paying for if you're an Elvis fan.
3	If you are a fan of Elvis and his music, this might be a must-see. If you are a fan of Cirque and the insane maneuvers, acrobatics, and spectical....then this leaves you wanting. Too much dancing, not enough thrilling moves. But an entertaining evening. Buy tickets through Tickets4Tonight to make it worth it.
5	I went in with no expectations, and hadn't seen or read any reviews.  I was completely entertained, yes, it was not a "typical" cirque show, but the music, dancing, story (and trampolines) were really fun. I would see it again, as there is so much going on, it's hard to take it all in
4	I came with very low expectations since I am not an Elvis fan but I am a fan of the Cirque shows. I really liked the show and the layout of his history in music. The theatre is designed great for views everywhere. I will see again for sure. It is a little lighter on the acrobats compared to other Cirque shoes but it is still worth it.
3	I wouldn't really recommend this unless you're a real diehard Elvis fan.  The show is basically a a history of Elvis and highlights the biggest moments in his life (my favorite is the 'Can't Help Falling in Love' performance) through video clips, dancing, and song.I have to admit this Cirque show really lacks the "soleil" you would expect.  Not so much acrobatics or theatrics compared to Ka or O.  Although I did enjoy the "comic book" performance.The venue is nice with very comfortable "loveseat" type seating in the front rows.If you just wanna enjoy Elvis's hits, then this is the show for you.
3	Great renditions of Elvis music. 90 minutes with no intermission.  Asw others have said: if you love Elvis, this is for you. The Cirque portion of the show was to short for me. I wanted 80 minutes of Cirque and 10 minutes of dance. I felt like it was the exact opposite. The dancing was not very good, most of the time. I feel this show was invented for touring, as it was very 2 dimensional. Time will tell.
1	This one is simple.   It's 99% Elvis music and 1% acrobatics that have nothing to do with the story..So if you are huge beatles fan and want to listen to recorded music with a few interesting theatrics, this show is for you.  O is 100 times better.  Had I known I wouldnt have gone to see this show.Viva Las Vegas!
5	I must say this show is one of my favorite Cirque shows in Las Vegas. While I've seen over 100 shows in Vegas including all the other Cirque shows, it still stands out as one of my favorites. I've actually seen it twice- January 2010 and November 2010. This show is amazing! It definitely is unlike the other Cirque shows. This show has more of a storyline and includes pictures of Elvis and video clips of him in the army, getting married, etc.The colors on the costumes are very pretty and match the songs pretty well. The scenes match the songs- from a jailhouse for "Jailhouse Rock" to huge blue suede shoes being pushed across the stage on "Blue Suede Shoes." My all time favorite part is the "I Can't Help Falling In Love with You" where a woman is dressed up in a wedding dress that unwinds to show photographs of Priscilla and Elvis getting married. The end number of "Viva Las Vegas" is fascinating as well- with all the girls dressed in showgirl outfits. While some scenes include people swinging from a huge guitar on the stage, to people doing gymnastics next to the American flag made of underwear, to people bouncing off trampolines and climbing the wall like Spiderman, and to a real life campfire on stage, it will not disappoint! It is a great show- but it can be a little pricey. I know the Tix 4Tonight Places sometimes have discounts. They also sometimes offer a local special too for those lucky enough to live in Las Vegas at the box office at ARIA.If you are looking for a straight Cirque show- it might not be your thing, but if you are even remotely interested in Elvis, it will definitely make you a fan by the end!
3	Thoroughly enjoyed the show, but it was just not what I expected. I had never been to a Cirque du Soleil show before and this show did not live up to all the great things I've heard about Cirque du Soleil before. I expected it to have much more acrobatics than there actually were. And the stuff that was in the show didn't seem that amazing either. Impressive of course, but it just didn't have that wow factor. Besides that though, the show was great. Loved the Elvis music and all of the movie clips. It was really interesting to see and hear the story of his life. Great costumes at the end for the "Viva Las Vegas" song! It's a great musical/dance show that everyone can enjoy, but don't expect any amazing acrobatic feats.
3	Beware! Don't get stuck sitting in category 3, 4 or 5 as you will need to bring your binoculars to see the performers on stage. Only category 1 or 2 is advised otherwise you will be truly dissapointed. My tickets were free thank goodness or I would have felt royally ripped off!The show was ok, I saw it two months after it had rolled out. I had high expectations and was dissapointed. This is probably the last of the Cirque shows I would choose to see if granted the option. Honorable mention: The Elvis Bar rocks! Best drink I have ever had! I ordered the "blue suede shoes"! Served in an Elvis souvenir 32 oz cup It was the bomb diggity and you can bring your drink in to the show, hell yes, I needed to get a buzz in order to make it half way happy through this show! I could have easily closed my eyes and just listened to the Elvis album tracks they played rather than attempt to watch the ants run around on stage.
3	This was my first time coming to Aria and I was really excited about it.  Aria is beautiful and amazing and I thought everything in the show was going to be just completely over the top.  Unfortunately, I felt like this show barely reached the top.  Where is the Cirque?  This was more or less just a history lesson on Elvis, and while that was fine and all, I was expecting crazy leaps and unbelievable jumps -- oh, and outrageous falls that just don't make sense!  That didn't really happen.  The show was fine, but you don't pay upwards of $100.00 a person to see "fine" ... I actually came to the show with 2 people who love Elvis and they, too, were pretty disappointed.  It's not like we hated it, we didn't, but I guess our expectations were not met.  Maybe we expected too much?
5	Loved this show. I get bored and inpatient easily and this did not happen here
3	Left the performance feeling misled.  This is NOT your typical Cirque du Soleil performance - it felt more like a musical.  As others touched on, this was more like a tribute.  What they should have done was name it Viva Elvis in large font, and in very small font, state "by Cirque du Soleil."  Yes, there were some acrobatic performances (trampoline was very cool) but if you go in thinking you will see a lot of amazing feats, be prepared to be disappointed.  What you will actually get are images of Elvis growing up, and many of his hit songs, some sung by him, some by the performers."O" is definitely my favorite.  KA was really good as well.On a positive note, there was some sort of promotion that we were not aware of, yet without us knowing or asking, we were given a 30% discount.  What a great surprise!
4	My mother in law, wife and I went to this show on Wednesday night at 7pm.  Quick rundown of everything.Seats-5 stars+++  We had some seats originally that were mid range but my mother in law hooked us up and upgraded our seats so we were in the front row right in the center of the stage.  Besides seeing Willie Nelson at the Fillmore and being 10 feet away from him, these were the best seats I have ever sat in to see an event.  My mother in law is cool like that and wanted to get us the best...and she did!Show- 4 stars.  Like others have said, its more of a tribute, dance routine show rather than an acrobatic type shindig.  I had never been to a Cirque show, so I was expecting 70 pound dudes and chicks flying through the air doing backflips and shit like that.  This show had some of that but not as much as I expected from a Cirque show.  The coolest part was the trampoline portion of it.  They would do divebombs and run up the walls etc.  It was cool.  The sets and props they had for the show were amazing.  Really massive sets and everything went together well.  The music was awesome and if you love Elvis, you will enjoy this show.Price- 2 stars.  The only thing I didn't like about it was the price.  This show is 90 minutes long and the final tally on our seats were $200.00 each.  The mother in law covered a majority of that which was awesome, but we sill had to pay about $130 each.  If I had to do it again and pay full price out of my own pocket  I would never pay close to that.....$50 bucks definitely.....$100 maybe.....$200 no way jose.  I know Vegas is expensive and all but that is almost highway robbery. (Side rant)  I can see why its so freaking expensive too....its in the Aria.....they charge you $5 bucks for a Coke from the bar!  They did have an awesome sportsbook though with super comfy chairs.Overall, I give this 4 stars.  The seats were the best, the show was very entertaining, but the price was too steep.
2	I guess I went in with high expectations since it was a Cirque du Soleil show.  It felt more like an "old Vegas" Vegas show.  I love Elvis' songs and knew just about every one of them, but the act was lackluster.  Mostly comprised of old Elvis clips and photos and tons of dancing.  Hardly any aerial or acrobatic CdS acts that I was used to seeing.
4	I LOVE Elvis, so of course I absolutely loved this show. I wanted the soundtrack instantly. It's not as abstract and wild as other Cirque du Soleil shows, but it's a fitting Cirque tribute to Elvis. The music and dancers are great. If you love Elvis, you'll love it. Great show.
4	First of all, in order to enjoy this show, you need to be a fan of Elvis. If you don't enjoy his music, you will not find this entertaining. I happen to be a fan of his music and his life journey so this was hugely entertaining for me. I couldn't think of any thing better to see in Las Vegas, but Viva Elvis =) This show is fast and upbeat and filled with character. The performers are amazing of course and accomplish the most amazing feats of strength, body movement and dance. I'm not sure about this show for young kids because there is a long scene with the whole romance of Priscilla and the conception of Lisa Marie. However if they can handle it, the skating scene is awesome for kids. I would recommend getting seats down below in order to see everything and (SPOILER: there are scarves that fall from the ceiling at the end) be able to snag a free souvenir =) If you bought the cheap seats, try smooth talking and tipping an usher, it has been known to get you a lot closer. I would come again in a heartbeat. Viva Elvis!
5	Elvis is my platonic lover, so I was mesmerized by the live music, dancing, singing, costumes, and acrobats. This was not my first Cirque show, so I agree that it didn't have the nonstop acrobatic routine like other shows. However, the fantastic music and dance made up for it. From the moment I stepped into the theater, I stepped back in time. Raised by an Elvis loving grandmother, I felt like this was my opportunity to live the Elvis Vegas experience. The beginning gave me the chills and made me teary eyed because it was like I was one of the crazy fans cheering, "Elvis!Elvis! Elvis!" right before the curtains opened at a concert and Elvis rocked the stage. If you aren't an Elvis fan or a fan of rock and roll, you probably will not have the same rockin' experience. Fortunately,  my seats were next to two older gentlemen (late 60's). They shared all their fond memories of Elvis and danced the night away. It was such a memorable Elvis and Vegas experience.The bar outside the theater has large delicious drinks. I had the tasty and strong "Viva Elvis."
5	Cirque never fails to amaze me. The show was spectacular (even though I'm not a die hard Elvis fan). They engage the crowd, have smooth set transitions, are innovative, and overall- a show worth every penny paid.
5	We bought tickets now really knowing what to expect.  We had gotten two nights at Aria after spending 4 nights at Mandalay Bay and just wanted to see a show in close proximity.  It was AMAZING!  The music, the story, the dancing and strength of the performers blew us away.  We actually walked out of there missing Elvis, as if he was a close friend or relative.  Hats off to the production design crew and the wardrobe masters.  Five days later, we're still talking about the show.  PS.  We bought the soundtrack, photos and t-shirts the next day at the gift shop.  Did we not love this show?
2	2.5 starsIt's hard for me to rate this show because I'm not such a huge Elvis fan.  He died when I was less than a year old so it's a little hard for me to relate to the music even though a lot of them are very familiar to me.  My biggest gripe about the show though is that it felt a lot like watching a movie about his life because many parts of the show were just that: movies of Elvis's life.  I wish they'd have less this and more action which Cirque is known for.  There a couple of nice acts though.  I think the best act occurred early in the show about Elvis and his twin brother.If you're a big fan of Elvis then you'll probably love this show.  For example I saw a lady a few seats ahead of me crying her eyes out at the end of the show.  If you're like me though and "likes" Elvis but probably wouldn't pay to see him in concert, then you may be disappointed.
4	I think I liked this performance more because I love Elvis' music.I would go now because tickets are 2 for $100 and that's a steal for cirque shows.  The seats are SOOOOOOOO COMFORTABLE!!There was more music/dancing/video than acrobatics so not a traditional Cirque show.  The acrobatics that they did have weren't too impressive after you've seen 5 or so cirque shows.  The bass they have for their music was amazing.  I thought there was going to be an actor impersonating Elvis, but it was a timeline of his life and the effect it had on people.This show had very stark divisions in between storylines, which is very different from all the other cirque shows that I've seen, even LOVE.  Not to say it wasn't a fluid show, but a curtain had to be drawn after every act it seemed.There was a "step"-ish routine that I liked, but that's my lingering ghetto side making a surprise appearance.At the end they make you stand up to "participate" in the last song.  I told my hubby, "That's one way to get a standing ovation."
5	If your looking for the acrobatics typical of Cirque du Soleil you might not find it here.  There is acrobatics but alot of focus on dance.  If you love Elvis as I do, you will love this show! The dancing, choreography and staging was beautifully executed. My boyfriend who is not the biggest Elvis fan agreed this show is great.
3	This was my least favorite of the Cirque shows I've seen.  I really like Elvis and heard yesterday that the show will be more Cirque, less Elvis.  For me, I think that's okay but wish they would have had more of the cool acts Cirque is known for with the music.  It was more of a musical review than what I'm accustomed to getting(and paying for) from Cirque.
2	I am a fan of Cirque du Soleil and Elvis is nice but this show just does not do it for me.  They use a lot of clips from his movies and the dancing was nice but you never get the excitement of the Cirque Du Soleil like other shows.  I would not suggest this one to folks visiting unless they do some serious rework and figure out how to tell the story but get the excitement back into the show.  This came off like a dance show more then anything else.
4	This was our first Cirque show in Las Vegas, despite half a dozen trips to the Strip in the last couple years.  We'd read up on reviews beforehand so we knew that this was more a Broadway style show than a straight Cirque show.  So we didn't enter the theater with any illusions.Earlier in the day as we purchased our tickets at the Box Office, we were given 2-for-1 drink coupons in the nearby Gold Lounge.  Before the show, we stopped in to redeem them...but that's another review.The theater is decently sized with comfy overstuffed chairs and drink holders.  Our seats were row W, along the side center walkway.  As a previous review noted, the show is very center stage oriented so we were glad we hadn't gone with the along-the-wall seats on the main floor.  We would have been closer to the stage but our view would have been skewed.Before the show started, about ten of the performers wandered the ground floor aisles entertaining audience members.The show itself is definitely Broadway-styled.  A single Elvis impersonator never appears but rather, they have woven pictures, videos, home movies & Elvis-inspired performers throughout the acts.  Slower songs had split vocals with four excellent live female singers.  They had amazing voices & we really enjoyed them.  The live band is fabulous as well - the drummer is a hoot!  That guy had boundless energy and was always moving for the entire 90 minute show.The song arrangements are fun & very modern.  Lots of pounding bass & dance beats layered over everything.  We liked it so much we purchased the show cd afterwards.  Kudos to them for updating Elvis' music and keeping it contemporary.The acrobatic acts are interspersed with the musical/dance numbers.  For the price of the tickets, we were really expecting a little more Cirque and a little less Broadway.  That being said, the acts that were included were very entertaining.  They have a multi-trampoline act that was a riot.  I swear the guys were monkeys flying around.  Each act is themed around a specific song or period in the life of Elvis...we were really wondering just how they'd incorporate the French-Canadian circus performers with the hillbilly King of Rock n Roll.  While some of them are a little tenuous, they did their best to keep the flow going.We noticed a fair amount of empty seats in the balcony, so don't pay full price for the tickets anywhere.  They have them on sale in multiple locations including the discount ticket centers on the Strip and also online in a $100 for two ticket deal.
1	This show was terrible!  I don't know what Cirque Du Soleil was thinking, or Aria!  This was supposedly the most expensive stage, and considered "top secret" to even the builders of it, they had to scrap it's design a couple of times throughout it's construction, and for what?  Two lousy R&B/Pop singers who murder Elvis on the background, a total and complete lack of clasic "Cirque Du Soleil" Acrobatics and the artistic quality of the make-up and costumes that was normally constant with CDS 'early' acts.  Bad singing, bad acting, actors weren't clever and interactive and had very bland outfits and hardly any makeup.  I'm so glad I didn't have to pay the normal price of $165.  I wouldn't have paid a dime!  I only gave it a star because it the tickets were free.
4	was good, but not great.  not up to par for Cirque shows, but still good.the trampoline acrobatics were the best.  the others were generally fine.  They try to show something of a story with elvis, but it was hodge podge and cut short of his later years.  perhaps his later years were too messed up.  wouldn't pay full price.  lots of empty seats, so go to one of the half price ticket outlets and get discount tickets on day of.
3	After "Love" I wasn't expecting much.  Nonetheless, the show was enjoyable.  Not a lot of "Cirque" to it however.  The fact that we got our tix fairly cheap has colored my impression of the show: if I would have paid the full price, I would have been pissed.
5	LOVED IT!!  It's not as high-flying as other cirque shows (so if you're looking for a complete human spectacle, go to "O", Mystere or KA) but it really celebrated Elvis's life.  I thought they did a great job.
3	I have lost count of all the Cirque shows I've been to over the years (have been to 3 others on the Vegas strip and countless others around the country).  I don't recommend this for first-time Cirque goers because as others have noted, it's more of a Broadway show w/a few Cirque acts thrown in.  I did thoroughly enjoy it and loved singing along w/all the Elvis tunes but must say I really wished there were more acrobatic acts like in a regular Cirque show.  I would still go see the others that are show-like -- will just know what to expect (i.e. more broadway-like, less acrobatics).  That being said I'll be first in line when the Michael Jackson Cirque show opens!
2	I wasn't really familiar with the music of Elvis, but my friend loves him so there we were. I've loved many Cirque shows, but sadly this wasn't really one of them. The stage backgrounds were pretty elaborate, and when they actually did Cirque-style acrobatics it was amazing. But the show was predominately singing and dancing which was nice but not what I was hoping for.
4	This is my second time seeing this show.  Over the last year and a half, this show has made some changes.  Some good, some not so much.  It's true that this is not like a lot of the other Cirque shows.  Still, even if you're not an Elvis fan, I think this is a solid show with some amazing numbers.  If you go with the expecation of lots of dancing and singing as opposed to acrobatic numbers, you won't be disappointed.  P.S. the roping cowboys are awesome.  I really hope this show sticks around because it is a nice change of pace for Cirque.
5	I've seen nearly every Cirque show in Vegas and I think this is my favorite one (right along side KA).  The trampoline act alone is WELL worth the money for this show.Elvis reigns supreme!!!
5	My husband and I were never Elvis fans, but you have to expect that coming from young adults in their mid 20's.  We have seen almost every single cirque du soleil show in Vegas being that we travel here almost every other month and Elvis was our most recent.  We had awesome seats courtesy of hubby's host here at Aria.  For some reason I was super excited to see this performance.  No offense to those who were expecting another "Ka", "O" or even "Mystere" but come on!!!  Seriously, this is about Elvis!  He was a famous singer, how can you expect all of that?!  It is more of a musical but it was still great and my husband and I absolutely enjoyed it.  AND for the first time, I realized how hot Elvis was when he was young, definitely some major eye candy!! Which made the show even more enjoyable.
4	Viva Elvis, yes! Viva this Elvis tribute!I am not the biggest fan of Cirque type shows. They're usually repetitive, have drab music, and over the top costumes (which for most productions is one of the only endearing fragments). Unlike most Cirque shows, Viva Elvis has a story line. It's the story of Elvis... or better yet, the highlights of his career. They focus only on his highlights. There is a brief mention that he made a comeback.  VE shines the light on Elvis' glory days, his great humanitarian efforts, and his influence on pop culture.VE is dance heavy and not so much "circus." (Probably why I liked it so much. How many times can we see someone twirl and flip?) The dance routines weren't anything elaborate, but they were fun to watch. The live singers and the band were very talented! The acrobatics in this show were few, but what they acrobats did was beautiful and placed appropriately.There were several touching moments in the production, such as his marriage to Lisa Marie and his relationship with his mother. (I got a little misty-eyed.)All in all, Elvis would like this production, a little over the top, but that Cirque and that's Vegas! This is a must see for any Elvis fan.Thank you, thank you, very much!
2	I hate to hate on le cirque cuz I've had so many great experiences, but man this show was a bore.It's all dancing and 2 dimensional.  Half of my group from out of town fell asleep and I kinda wish I had, too.  I really wanted to love it, especially since I dropped quite a bit of cash on the show, but the seats were far away and the sound system didn't transport me and the 50's music and video clips just didn't do it.  I recently saw Love and it was awesome.  This venue and show don't compare.Hard to believe since this is a brand-new theater, built to suit this particular show.  It's not a repurposed room that hosted a different show previously.  We blew over a grand on tickets for seats that sucked and couldn't wait to get out of there...
2	Funny, I thought I had written a review about this show. After hearing that the show is in fact leaving soon instead of being retooled I felt obligated to put my two cents in. When I went to see it, I got free tickets from a friend and despite it being a free evening of entertainment, everyone in my party felt they didn't get their money's worth. I compared it more to cruise ship entertainment than any other Cirque show I've seen. Cirque and Elvis was definitely done an injustice with this show. It really was disappointing given what they were able to accomplish with LOVE, the potential was really there but Viva Elvis fell flat, unfortunately. It's ultimately a good decision that they are replacing it with another Cirque show, but sad nonetheless for what could have been.
4	This show was really more of a musical and story of Elvis' life, and less of a normal Cirque show, but I still liked it.  The dancing was fun, singing was great, and the acrobatics there did have were great. The show was fairly long as well.  Seats were very comfy.
3	i thought it was weird when i heard that cirque was doing elvis.  the beatles they pulled off in grand fashion.  but elvis?  what do acrobats have to do with elvis?  well my thoughts proved true.  acrobats have nothing to do with elvis.  this is by far my least favorite cirque of the 3 i have seen.  the show is gimmicky and feels like an annette funicello movie at times.  it lacks the elegance and grace of the other cirque shows.  the theater is beautfiul and we had good seats from tixtonight.  but... save your money for the other shows!
3	I have watched Viva Elvis a few times, from grand opening to a few months ago.The show has improved since it first open but it hasn't progressed too much.  Don't get me wrong the show isn't bad, it just doesn't seem to fit well with Cirque's other show.  What i liked about the show was the awesome music, scenes, and costumes.  As soon as you walk in you are greeted by some of the performers that are dressed up in elvis era.  My favorite number was jail house rock and return to sender.  What I didn't like was the choreography wasn't as thrilling as other cirque shows. It seemed very minimal and not much to the "awe" factor.  I really didn't like that in a few scenes they have women sing elvis songs.. i just rather it be.. idk.. ELVIS singing his songs.  They are not bad singers, however the singers would change it to their style and it just didn't seem right.  I also didn't like the awkward transition of each scene.  BUT besides that.. i did enjoy it.  I would recommend to go watch it, especially since it will be leaving soon.
5	LOVED THIS SHOW AT THE ARIA HOTEL & CASINO!Not going to lie, I once fell asleep during a Cirque du Soleil performance @ the MGM, so I wasn't crazy-thrilled about attending this one... but sure, I was happy to try this out regardless.First of all, the Aria is the newest/hottest hotel & casino on the strip - very trendy, chic, and gives you what I'll call the "never-wanna-leavies." The show had a lot of energy and was just downright entertaining!There's a super cool Elvis gift shop before the theater entrance for you to shop for gifts/souvenirs. I don't want to ruin the show by revealing a bunch about it, but it's such a fun Elvis tribute featuring all his best songs. I definitely recommend getting tix to this if you're looking for a good show in Vegas :)
5	Beautiful venue with incredible music, sound system and casting. I loved it and feel it is great entertainment for all both young and old alike.
3	I am reviewing all the Cirque Vegas shows, so I will add this paragraph comparing each one. I have seen each one twice (and saw LOVE 3 times), so I feel confident in my ranking. My ranking would be 1) Ka 2) Love 3) O 4) Mystere 5) Zumanity 6) Viva Elvis. Ka is the most technically complete, with a storyline, amazing stunts, creative images, stages rotating on axes, etc.  LOVE is the most fun and a very close second place.  O is the most beautiful. Mystere has the best stunts and is most "traditional". Zumanity is the sexiest, but stunts are just okay. And Viva Elvis could be sooo much better.  You can read my other reviews for more info...Sad b/c it could have been so good, given how much people love Elvis. It just doesn't compare to any of the other cirques in any way. The stunts are just ok, the choreography is just ok.  It's not a horrible show, but there are so many better shows out there, even non-cirque shows. Go see those first. And you can email me for suggestions if you wish.
4	The show was good.  The performers were rock solid.  I enjoyed the small intimate theater after seeing Celine Deon the night before at Caesar's.  Elvis is celebrated in dance and song.  The singers are females and very good.  The ticket prices are reasonable as well.
4	Awesome dancing and awesome music. Awesome story, history and hotel.  Loved every minute.  Free souvenir at the end!  WINNING!
4	First off, a tip: THE BACK/CHEAP SEATS ARE BETTER! The stage is so huge its tough to take it all in if you're too close!   If you're looking for a more standard cirque show focusing on acrobatics and tricks.... Elvis might slightly disappoint you. Ditto if you arent too familiar w his music and dont come to the show with an open mind musically.  Its more of a biographical piece, and thematically they had to shoe horn some acts. That said, the dancers are great, the band rocks (especially the standing drummer) and the singers are wonderful. The scene w the two brothers on the guitar and the two scenes re: Priscilla stood out for me. I've been there twice now and again: the seats near the last 3/4 of the room are better! Try getting ones near the sound booth in the center.  You can take in the whole show better. Just avoid the absolute back section if you want to "catch" the everything the show has to offer. Overall, I enjoyed the show. High production values (cmon, its cirque) and its enjoyable. Just know its about elvis and his music first and you'll probably enjoy it too. Cheers!
4	This Cirque du Soleil show as a lot like The King himself. Captivating early on, impressive in the middle, and just plain awful in the last moments.I got my tickets for this show as part of my hotel package, and I really wasn't expecting much based on other reviews.I have to say, though, that the show was much better than I anticipated. The production did a nice job showing how various musical influences helped to build the Elvis "sound." Stage props and geometry were nice, as were the performances.I will add a caveat: The last two numbers were not very good. It basically consisted of twenty-some brightly colored 1970s Elvises wearing plastic hair helmets flailing about on stage in a massive spazfest.
3	Spend the extra money and go to a highly reviewed show.
3	You can't escape comparison to LOVE with this show. It's fair and not fair.Why not fair? You're opinion of Elvis could be the polar opposite of your opinion of The Beatles and thus their respective shows. (which is also fair, you shouldn't be expected to love and Elvis themed show if you can't stand him and his music).Why fair? They're both unique to Cirque in that they focus on a particular musician as its story (Michael Jackson: Immortal is in the conversation.)So to be open: I'm much more a Beatles fan than an Elvis fan and I like LOVE more than Viva Elvis!. Also fair to say: I'm a generation removed from Elvis' pinnacle. Viva is more choreography heavy. In fact it's one of Cirque's least acrobatic shows. The show pieces are very Elvis. Chaos, gold, spectacular, grandiose, and fit Las Vegas perfectly. Which is part of its failing... Vegas has done Elvis into the cliche stratosphere. If you remove the Cirque moments it's a huge Elvis review that you wonder if you can't see elsewhere on the Strip. As (almost) always, there are a few Cirque "Wow!" moments.The Good: It really is FUN! The music is proper Elvis and samples most of the big hits. It's high energy and the performers are enthusiastic and talented.The Bad: It reminds you that Elvis really was a punch line and parody of himself by the end of his life. His musical talent and impact (the Beatles acknowledge him as an inspiration) kind of gets lost in the jumpsuits and gold sunglasses.The Repetitive Disclaimer: As with all the musician themed Cirque shows: it's not just the #1 hits, it's a sampling of his life's work. Don't be mad if your personal favorite isn't in there.
4	We LOVED this show!  I am not a huge Elvis fan and I was really concerned when the person told us it was a "combination of Cirque and Elvis impersonators".  It was not that at all!  It was a nice combination of a Tribute to Elvis with the Cirque flair of course.  We are certainly not "show afficiendados" but we really enjoyed this show from beginning to END.  I also, loved Vegas and I didn't think I was a "Vegas person".  Can't wait to go back and hit another show and live music on Freemont.
5	After reading very mixed reviews, I didn't know what to expect, but thought it was high time to find out for myself.  I just saw the newly revamped Viva ELVIS show on Valentine's Day at deeply discounted prices for locals, and must say that Diane and I liked it very much.  Both of us are inveterate Elvis fans, and I actually saw the king of rock & roll perform live once.  In fact, he was the most charismatic entertainer I have ever viewed up close.  The changed show has taken out some of the campy elements like a bunch of black-wigged Elvi, and added a sequence near the end of human tossing wherein several Cirque du Soleil acrobats--consisting of both men and women--either get flipped or fling themselves atop other performers, that consummates with a group of men standing on each other's shoulders four high after the fourth man gets flipped on top of the other three.  Very impressive!I was fortunate enough to also see the Michael Jackson Cirque du Soleil Tribute Show one of the few days it was in town at the Mandalay Bay Events Center late last year, and this show reminded me a lot of it in its mix of video, live performers, acrobatics, and song and dance.  Sometimes Elvis' voice was used in songs, and other times Cirque vocalists took the lead.  It looked like there wasn't a bad seat in the house, which was packed to near capacity on this V-Day.  And, great photographic and video sequences of Elvis predominated on the very large digital screen, most all of which I had never seen before.  One particular steamy sequence of Elvis kissing numerous women in the several films in which he appeared stood out, as did the colorful soaring comic book superheroes who bounded from trampolines, and the striped convicts who walked upside down during the playing of "Jail House Rock."  The 50's girls seemed to fit the theme of this production, but a cowboy with moonshine in his arms didn't--until he picked up a flaming lasso and twirled it around himself on a Western movie set.  All finished amid a shower of shiny red scarves bearing a silk-screened profile of the king himself with guitar in hand in contrasting white.  Diane was lucky enough to score one from a performer running by.I think Elvis would have been proud of this freshly tweaked show that bears his name.  I wholeheartedly recommend seeing it while you still can.
3	We bought half-price tickets for this show at Aria and thank goodness.  While we thoroughly enjoyed the show, it isn't worth the cost of a full price ticket, a sky high $170.  One nice perk was that we got bumped from the first balcony to the second row in order to fill as much of the forward part of the theater as possible.This high-energy show, packaged around the music of Elvis, featured great dancing, fabulous gymnastics and the signature magnificent acrobatics typical of a Cirque show.  Our favoite bits were a terrific piece using trampolines with the performers dressed as superheroes and an eye catching "Elvis joins the Army" piece with muscle popping gymnastics.This well produced show is lots of fun and a step above much of the entertainment in Las Vegas.
3	The bitch that is Celion Dion cancelled her show at the last minute and I had to settle for VIVA ELVIS for the night's entertainment.  Okay, Celine's not a bitch, shinola happens, but it's still extremely disappointing after spending months looking forward to Dion only to have to settle for the Yelped likes of VIVA ELVIS.  I expected my parents and partner in crime to walk out from reviews I've read.  Were we pleasantly surprised.  VIVA ELVIS is a meh Cirque, but it's a far better 'entertainment' than LE REVE (God awful) and KA (pleasant misfire). First of all, Cirque has a critical branding problem.  Beatles LOVE, Viva ELVIS, and Michael Jackson's IMMORTAL should no longer be called 'Cirques'.  That's NOT what they are.  They are 'musicals' produced by Cirque.  MUSICIRQUES, if you will. Once re-branded, Yelpers would stop comparing the amazing Beatles LOVE to Cirque's equally astounding (but utterly different) O, and until this occurs, Viva will typically be misreviewed.Watching VIVA Elvis from reasonably good center seats, I was treated to a loud fun Elvis 'concert'.  It reminded me a little of the cheesy opening numbers to Donny & Marie of yesteryear, but in a charming way.  His shows dripped in fromage, after all.What strangely annoyed me were most of the 'exciting' Cirque acts, most of which being wedged in as gracefully as Rush Limbaugh into a bikini.  The superhero wall climbers?  The spinning gymnastic army peeps?  Decent acts, wrong show.VIVA ELVIS is strongest when the music is pounding and the players are dancing, clapping, and swaying.  It's not a circus.  It's a party.   And in a city buried hip deep in Cirques, why not a party in the city that invented the modern party?Deep in the show the players asked us to stand up and clap and dance.  That's what we call a pathetic forced standing-O.  That said, it gives this reviewer an idea that could save Viva Elvis.  Five words:  invite the audience to party.Songs like BOSSA NOVA and JAILHOUSE ROCK and VIVA LAS VEGAS absolutely POUNDED the gorgeous theater.  I wanted to see people dancing up front, and young couples taking to mini-stages all around me.Elvis purists might wretch at the remixed beats and the live band performances, but I'm telling you this casual Elvis fan I didn't care.  The band and singers absolutely DAZZLED, and the remixes work live.  This show doesn't have to be a bomb but instead can be THE bomb.  It's very close right now.The screaming DISASTER of the night was each and every time the cast spoke.  Cut all of them right now.  Dramatic writing 101:  show, don't tell.A note about the live singers.  Why have some Joan Jett-setter singing on stage when you can have Elvis crooning instead?  The good news here is that (at least in this revamped version) the additional singers didn't take over for Elvis.  Typically they only augmented, turning some of his songs into duets.   I never ONCE wished to simply hear Elvis.  This sort of guest singer crap would have made me burn down the Beatles LOVE theater, but for Elvis, once again -- it was like a party.  It's impossible to explain how this worked, but it did.I think MGM/Mirage and Aria have made a bad call regarding cancelling this show.  VIVA ELVIS should stay in Vegas.  (Monte Carlo?)  But there needs to be some simple changes.  One would be a price drop.  Balcony tickets $50, house seats $99. Such prices would place VIVA ELVIS as a medium sized entertainment -- which is exactly what it is -- and everyone would be happy.UPDATE:  Zarkana is replacing Viva?  Wow.  That's Romney stupid.
3	I really rate the show a 2 stars but I'm giving it a 3 stars kuz our seats were great.... we sat in the middle of the venue and the seats were like sofa's. Very comfy! I was able to put my feet up and close my eyes and sleep thru the damn show! =P i really didnt sleep tho, i was jus sayn that kuz thats how cool the seats were. Anywho, Ive seen betta shows. There was only 1 part of the show that I liked which was when they were jumpn off trampolines(sorry if i spelled that wrong) and walkn on the walls... that part was pretty cool! so amazed by that part ONLY... as far as the rest of the show... i mean, the folks on the show are talented, but it was jus not my type of show... plus i aint even an elvis fan, so i can care less about his songs. BORING!!!
5	I booked these tickets because they were the only show available. I thought it would have been boring because I don't have much of an interest in Elvis and I didn't know what to expect for a Cirque du Soleil show! Anyways, it was so entertaining from the beginning to the end. I was surprised to see what people dressed like to these shows -- worn out sneakers and jeans. In Chicago, guests don't go to shows in jeans.
3	I'm not sure if I expected much more from a cirque du soeil since I watched O and Love, but this show did not meet my expectations. I thought this was a nice production for a musical, but it shouldn't be labeled a cirque du soleil, because that extra element that their productions typically have wasn't there. Bonus for being front row and center, but I probably won't come back to watch this show again.
3	Saw the revised show Mar 2012, didn't know what to expect.  Now I do.  It's not the typical Cirque show (c/w Mystere, O, Ka, etc).  It's more Elvis musical/variety show with some acrobatics.  Still enjoyable, but not as much as otherwise.  The individual acts are good, but seem to have a lot more dancing as the focus.
3	I was hoping for more Cirque and less singing/dancing.  Alas, all other tickets for Cirque du Soleil shows were sold out for the evening so we decided to give Viva Elvis a whirl.  I have always hoped and dreamed to go to a Cirque show, so I can at least cross that off my bucket list.  Next time, I will go to a different show.  At times I was mildly bored.  Don't get me wrong, Elvis is the bomb and all, but I want men in leotards zipping across the stage and acrobats doing daring aerial stunts that will forever amaze me.  I got that in a super small side dish kind of way.
2	Oh my.....I am a Cirque "addict" and try to see every single Cirque show but this was a huge disappointment.   I am glad we went only because I now hear it is closing the end of the year (my review will clearly explain why) and because I love Elvis.  Let me say  this show was so cheesy that I expected to see mice scampering in the aisles.  That being said, there were some good qualities.  I thoroughly enjoyed the video footage of Elvis that is shown throughout a lot of the show.  The dance numbers were amazing and feature many talented dancers however, the actors that interacted with the audience prior to the show were no better than I have seen at amusement park theatrical productions (possibly because many of them are really dancers who have been tasked with acting).  Costumes were fun and I enjoyed seeing them.  The whole show seemed disjointed and it would have been much better had they played more of his original music.  The female singer who attempted to sing several of his more popular numbers literally butchered them to the point that it was hard to recognize the song.  She was a talented songstress but rearranged the melody and lyrics to the point that they sounded nothing like Elvis's originals.  The Cirque acts sprinkled throughout seemed gratuitous and had little to do with "Elvis."  There was a very seductive "cirque" act that was enjoyable but I felt did not belong in this show.  Both the man and woman were very scantily clad and it was very erotic and sexual.  It just did not work with the rest of the show and seemed better suited to Zumanity.  The theater itself is amazing and the seats were extremely comfortable.  We booked the best seating so we were sitting in a comfy couch.  Not worth anything close to what we paid to see it but glad we did before it closes.
3	This show is ending.  If you're a Cirque devotee like me, you must check it out before it's gone for good!  I essentially "collect" Cirque experiences, and that's the reason why I got tickets for Viva Elvis.  Perhaps I wouldn't recommend this show to Elvis fans as it's a bit scattered in focus, doesn't really have a theme beyond just Elvis songs, and features country-esque female singers essentially karaoke-ing on some of the singles (as opposed to using the original Elvis recording).There is no clown act in the show.  In fact, there is very little comedy at all, save for a few weird moments between characters.  I prefer this as I find the comedic acts are usually just filler in between sets.  The show bounces around from numerous dance routines (which will bore the average circus patron), to campy country tricks, to some gorgeous acrobatics on a gigantic guitar, to skippable "superhero" trampoline jumpers, to an overstylized and underused jail set (looks complicated to the eye but doesn't actually have much going on).This show may be awkward for parents who bring young children.  There is a sensual (though rather beautiful and romantic) aerial act that is choreographed to evoke sex.  A similar sexual theme is involved in another aerial acrobatics scene toward the later half of the show.  There is also a pole dancing routine.  Super impressive.  It was a highlight of the show for me, but a father next to me was noticeably agitated to have brought his young son to see several women bare their bodies (and their incredible strength) in this way.I will say that I'm more of a Cirque fan than an Elvis fan and I walked away from this show with a smile on my face.  Similarly, my sister enjoyed herself and she is neither a fan of Cirque or Elvis.  So I suppose it depends on why you're attending your show.
5	I have read most of these reviews and people can be so harsh on the show. I thought it was amazing. I'm assuming a lot of people expect it to be 120% Elvis and to me I was fine with how they put it together to remember Elvis. You need to go in with a open mind and not be closed minded how you expect to see this show to be. I was very amused with the performance and show. I was entertained 110% through the whole show! I recommend seeing it before the end it in aug. 2012!These people work hard and i appreciate what they gave cause its not a easy job
2	There is a reason this show is going away. Not very creative but rather dull. The video segments seem cheap and looks like footage any Elvis fan has seen a hundred times before. Cirque should stick to spectacle acrobatics and artful designs... Unfortunately this show has none of those.
3	I love Cirque du Soleil. I've seen most of the ones in Vegas, and haven't been disappointed. And I'm not disappointed by this one, per se. I guess I just expected something better. I loved the acrobatic performances, and everything that was Cirque du Soleil. But I feel like the whole show was a little disjointed and messy. There was no real order of things, and they showed Elvis clips randomly to go with different songs. I thought there should've been more acrobatics. There was mostly dancing involved, and though that does take a huge amount of talent, I didn't feel as though it lived up to the Cirque du Soleil name. I also thought the vocalist didn't really need to be there. Don't get me wrong, she's awesome, but I wish they had just like Elvis do his thing. There are also some weird props and awkward statues. And at the end, they try to get you to stand up and dance, which a lot of people did, but then they start bowing and stuff like it's a standing ovation. You don't ask for a standing ovation, and I felt like I was tricked into it so I sat down.Meh. Disjointed. Weird. Not the best. BUT! Props to the nice girl at the counter who upgraded us (for free!) to the second row! The couches are super comfy :)
4	It's called Viva ELVIS. Yes, it's a cirque show, but, again, it's called Viva ELVIS. I think there are a lot of people who go in hoping that some clown is going to do a symbolic Elvis impression. It's a show about Elvis' life basically. Going from his beginning to later in life (before he retired to Kalamazoo to eat at Burger King). The singing was fantastic, the acrobatics were excellent, though not as much as you would expect from a cirque show. Overall the show moved smoothly and I enjoyed every part. I think it's sad that the show is closing. It seems as though Vegas is no longer Elvis' town.
4	If you are either an Elvis fan or a Cirque Fan, you MAY like the show. Lots of Elvis songs as production numbers, a few Cirque Spectacular acts and the combination works. If you are a fan of BOTH Elvis and Cirque, it is a pretty good combo but if you lean one way or the other, you are left waiting for more of the one you like. As we are partial to both, we loved the show. My wife even managed to snag one of the souvenir scarfs that fall from the ceiling at the end of the show. The theater staff was top notch and offered great assistance. If you like combos in your entertainment, choose this one. If you prefer a Straight shot of one act, choose another Cirque venue.
4	Although this was my first Cirque show, and I have nothing to compare it to, I was thoroughly impressed with the show! The stunts were plentiful, the music great, singers fabulous, and sets phenomenal!  I did have a few problems with the casting - a few members seemed misplaced (i.e. Lasso dude as a dancer? Come on! The Asian singer? Meh... And as Chun P. reminded me, the UBER masculine and not-so-sexy pole dancer). I was impressed with the venue and customer care - we actually had free tickets for Wednesday night and as we showed up late, they offered us tickets for the next night to compensate. Surprisingly, these tickets were much better than the previous set!  When we showed up at the venue for Thurs night's show, we were asked if we'd like even better seats and were given third row, dead center seats. Sweeet! Love when stuff like that happens.  Now, I can't wait to go to LOVE.
5	This is the 3rd Cirque show I have seen. The other shows I have seen were Love and Ka.This show had some of the same elements that I saw in Ka but was still very different.I have never been a big fan of Elvis and I honestly know very little of his music and life. My boyfriend thought it would be fun, and it was amazing! It was a brief story of Elvis' life and gave the run down on some things in his life. All of the performances were top notch and left me feeling a sense of awe and wonder. This is an amazing show!
5	My husband and I went to this show and we were both so amazed.  It wasn't what we thought it was going to be. We  were both very impressed and entertained. If your an Elvis lover I highly recommend this show.  You will learn a lot about Elvis and his life. Really loved how they sold popcorn. The show room was very nice as well.
2	To date, I've only been to two Cirque du Soleil shows, the other being The Beatles LOVE.  While I'm a tremendous fan of the Beatles, I'm only a moderate fan of Elvis Presley.  This may lead my review to be somewhat biased.The show definitely didn't have the "wow-factor" I expected based on my experience, and the reputation of Cirque du Soleil.  While there are certainly impressive acrobatic stunts and terrific choreography, I didn't quite find it as emotionally captivating as the LOVE show.  Moreover, I don't think the video clips or the acted segues explored the impact and influences of Elvis's career in the ways I expected they might.  I hoped that the show would give me a far greater appreciation for Elvis's life and career; it didn't. I'm not sure that die-hard Elvis fans would be spectacularly impressed with this show, but I do think that it gives those who are newcomers to Elvis an appreciation of the phenomenon that was his life and career.  In addition, an average Cirque du Soleil show is still great entertainment.
4	Very very entertaining! I had never seen a Cirque show before and was incredibly impressed with the huge sets and enormously talented cast. Although I am not a huge Elvis fan, I thought it was appropriate to see this show while in Vegas. It chronicled his life through a variety of performances. I was captivated for every moment while watching the show.
3	If you have never seen a  Cirque show you probably will really enjoy this one. This show by no means is bad. You get a little history of Elvis's life, and listen to a bunch of his music that is remixed very well. The only problem with this show is that it is mostly dancing. Sure they do have some great acrobatics, but not very many. I was a little disappointed because I really like Elvis, and I really like Cirque shows. In the end it's just not as good as the other Cirque shows.
4	My wife is a huge Elvis fan, so much so, that we named my first born son as such.  I had never attended a Cirque show before.  After some complications with the ordering of our tickets from Expedia, I was taken care of by Janelle who was extraordinary in helping us not only get our tickets, but amazing seats at that.  Perfect for our anniversary date!  My wife and I loved the show.  Forget the reviews about too much dancing and not enough aerobics...The live band kicks ass!!! We went for the music.  The Cirque performance was just an added bonus.  TCB for life!!!
3	Viva Elvis was entertaining, but probably the worst Cirque du Soleil show I've seen. It's probably because I'm not a huge fan of Elvis and this isn't your typically inspiring Cirque show. It's more of a tribute show and the enthusiasm over him from the performers never felt genuine or something the crowd joined. The same way I feel about Elvis is the probably the same way our kids will feel about a Michael Jackson or Lady Gaga tribute show in 30 years.As for the show itself, there are a few lively numbers and a few forced. The addition of performers to some of the numbers doesn't really match the flow or theme very well at all. Two aerial acrobats on a huge metal guitar in the sky were plain boring, but the gang of superheroes in costumes jumping around on trampolines was fun. A bit that didn't fit was some cowboys/cowgirls with lassos and one of the juggling spinning tops duo dropped the things 2-3 times. An uber-strong pole dancer is impressive, but didn't fit the vibe of the show. The band did rock. One guy on drums really loves his job. I'm jealous.If you are a fan of Elvis you need to go see this show soon because it is being replaced in the Fall with another Cirque du Soleil show. Of course, if you are a fan of Elvis, you've probably already seen this show or medicare doesn't pay for the trip. My point is go and go soon. Before you or the show are gone. If you are a Cirque du Soleil fan just go see one of the half dozen others in Vegas even if its one you've already seen.
5	I went to go see this show since I heard it was closing and I didn't want to miss it. I must say I was pleasantly surprised. Favorite acts:* Got a Lot of Livin to Do = high-energy vertical trampoline act* Return to Sender = high bar routine* The entire end where the guys in the tuxedos were tossing each other into pyramids in the airSure, there were a couple of boring parts (filler), but all Cirque shows have some slower parts that they interject between all of the excitement.  I think it is important to note that I would never classify myself as an Elvis fan (since I was born in a later generation), but I have been humming many of the songs from the show ever since I saw it. Perhaps if Cirque went ahead and reworked the show so it would have more acrobatic acts as they originally intended to do before they made the decision to shut it down, it would have been more appealing to younger generations and they may have sold more tickets.All in all, I am very sorry the show is closing. I look forward to hopefully seeing it again on DVD in the future (if they release it).
2	I went with my mama to see this show recently. While I would easily categorize this as the worst Cirque show I've seen (I've seen all of them in Vegas except Mystere), my mom did like it. It's a shame I didn't like it; our seats were great (6 rows from the front, dead center).I felt that as a whole, quite a bit was unsynchronized, and the show made stretches to incorporate acts with the music. I mean, most acts were fitting to the music, but some definitely wasn't. In terms of the stage, I also felt that this show had a lower budget than most of the other shows. It sometimes just felt cheap and cardboard-esque.We caught the early Friday show. I was surprised to see probably 2/5 of the seats empty as well.
4	Luck was smiling on Sis & me when a Vegas buddy let us know Elvis was leaving the building, at the end of August...... & if we ever wanted to see this Cirque, we would need to TCB, bebbaySo last min Vegas jaunt scheduled & tix snagged for Cirque du Soleil - Viva ELVISGuess we had always put this show off since we thought Elvis would *always* be in Vegas so we'd chosen all the other Cirques to see & were saving this 1 for last....overall impression:  it was a nice, fitting tribute to The KingLots of dancing & tumbling to Elvis' music; video of Elvis' time in the army & his life w/ Priscilla were featured along w/ various movie clips while the acrobats would dance around stage.....and PS - I TOTALLY want one of those big-fringed Elvis jumpsuits!!!We liked how they let Elvis videos take feature stage for those bits & then the performers doing the main acrobatics would come on when there was no video so all attention could be paid to them - it was a nice shift of focus & there wasn't so much going on that made the mind reel - like we've encountered in some showsMost memorable acrobatics involved the Vertical Trampolines - fast, frantic & fun.  I SO wanted to bounce along w/ them!There was also a bit w/ 2 on a rope that was impressive - their inner core strength was phenomenal to be able to hold themselves AND their partner on that little string!Ginormous stage props for numbers like Blue Suede Shoes, Jailhouse Rock, -the songs / dancing were fun & even though the final curtains are coming down, you'd never know it - those performers gave it their all!Only downer was that the Elvis gift shop was COMPLETELY SOLD OUT of all their Elvis mementos & we were told this was a good while before the end of the run.  We were there 1 week before final curtains but couldn't believe that there was NOTHING for the Elvis fan.  Cirque - I think you missed out on a HUGE revenue potential for all us fans who were looking for those last min reminders of The King, your show & a nice remembrance of an evening in VegasSo Elvis may be leaving the building.....but not our hearts!  Viva ELVIS!!Thank yeh.....thank yeh very muuuch
3	I was lucky to get good seats at the last showing of Viva Elvis and was looking forward to yet another great Cirque du Soleil performance.  While the show got off to a great start, the overall performance was not as impressive as I have experienced at other Cirque du Soleil shows.  There is an old saying that perception is reality and my perception was that the performers had begun already to celebrate their last performance and that they "took it easy" in their last performance.  When I say that "took it easy", the details of the dancing and the synchronicity of the acrobatics seemed off.  Normally the dancing is crisp and high energy yet when I scanned the stage I felt that some of the dancers were not giving it their all and that they were "dragging their feet".  Some of the acrobatics were not synchronized although it felt that they should have been.Kudos to the performers for an okay performance, but they should not lose sight of the impression they leave with the audience and the experience that they create for the audience is just as much in the details as in the overall performance.  The first performance and the last performance of Viva Elvis should have the same high energy and attention to details.  Unfortunately, the last performance of Viva Elvis did not feel as great as the first.  Cirque has a great brand, but it is easy for the brand to get worn out if the performers don't keep at heart why they perform -- the audience!
3	Went to Vegas with my friend and I treated her to this cirque as a b-day gift. Glad we got to see this show as now it is no longer showing. Saw it the day before the last day. It has the typical cirque performances, however, this one includes more dancing and is well, a tribute to Elvis. This is my 10th cirque show to date, so I think I know what I like in a cirque and what not. This show doesn't have as many of the intense stunts seen in other cirque shows, but I think that's because it is more of a tribute to Elvis. Not sure why they cancelled this show. I know the new Zarkana will be showing soon. The Elvis show was enjoyable and I wish I knew more Elvis songs. It was a fitting tribute to Elvis with some pretty cool performances. I was disappointed that there were no programs and CD's to buy!! I buy them from pretty much every cirque show I see, it's something I collect! they should have had merchandise to buy as I'm sure people would want it because the show was ending. I must commend the photographers walking around however. They took pics of my friend and I and they looked so nice that we both bought them!! It's very rare that I buy them because I usually don't like how they look, but the photographers knew how to take pics well and did them right!
2	I was glad our tickets for Cirque Elvis was comp by Aria because this show was horrible!The Elvis theme was a great idea but it just didn't follow through and was less Cirque and more singing. I was surprised the Cirque performers were even singing, the show lacked creativity compared to the Beatles show, "Love" at the Mirage. What I liked about it was when they showed the Elvis montage of his family, career and the final days if his life. My mom on the other hand loved the show but to me it was no bueno.
4	We saw this show last night and loved it!! It was entertaining and fun.We had excellent seats...five rows up from the stage in the center...awesome.My only complaint....there is so much going on during the show that front row seats are kinda like sitting front row at the theater...it is too much to try to see it all. I think sitting back a bit could give you a better view.But loved it for sure!!My grandson would have love seeing the super heros on the trampolines.
5	Saw it 2 weeks ago and loved it. Great music, fun and fast paced production. I am definitely a Cirque de Soleil fan but my honey is not and often falls asleep during their shows. He stayed awake for the entire thing, applauded and loved it as much as I.
