4	I was really surprised how big this place was when we walked in. At first glance there was one small dining room and a bar. But as we walked back to our table there was a huge room with a glass wall looking into the brewery as well as a second floor area.  Tonight was a "soft opening" so I'll have to forgive Heist for our table. We were stuck way in the back in what felt like an unfinished part of the restaurant. There were no TVs or anything, just bare walls to stare at. We started with some chicken and waffles and pork belly corn dogs. Both were good, the chicken and waffles was my favorite. It was sweet and spicy with the syrup and peppercorn butter. A very delicious bite. Many of the menu items were missing, due to it being an impromptu opening, I believe.  We finished our meal a crab and pimento dip. It was very fishy smelling, but not bad tasting. We were looking forward to the oatmeal cookie cheesecake but there wasn't any left.  Hopefully next time. Oh, and don't let me forget the drinks...oatmeal stout, hefferveizen, and a crystalveizen...All amazing, as were the home made sodas. You just have to come and try for yourselves. Service was excellent. We'll be back and hopefully we will have a better table and some cheesecake next time!  For their first night I think Heist did a pretty good job. If you are dining here at peak times I'd suggest parking at the YMCA, parking is sure to be an issue for both Heist Brewery and Highland Mill Lofts residents.
5	Wow. This place is expansive. Envisioning the old property when it was Prevue is not even fair. The old front door is storage, so walk around the side at the front of Highland Mills and into the newest and most unique dining experience in Charlotte. Walking back passed the kitchen and front bar and into the dining area is awesome. Not in the 80's way, but in the way that inspires awe.The smells from the kitchen permeate throughout with a delicious meaty overtones.Walked upstairs for a birds eye view, we started with the pimento cheese crab dip, pork belly corn dogs and chicken and waffles. The last of which is the all star of the limited opening night menu. The honey and orange zest NAIL it.Washing it all down with an oatmeal stoudt, a station #7 red ale, a hefeweizen, a light lager, and a blueberry pale ale is par for the fantastic course... I will be back for brunches in two weeks.
3	Heist Brewery has some work to do. My wife and I visited yesterday, and while we were very impressed by the location -- really beautiful spot -- the dining/drinking experience itself was less than satisfactory:1. TOO EXPENSIVE: The food is overpriced by $2-3 per plate. We don't mind paying for good food (Customshop and Five Church are favorites), but the portions and flavor profile has to justify the high cost, and they didn't for us. We felt we were helping to pay the investors back for the huge, beautifully-appointed restaurant.2. FOOD (2.5 Stars out of 5): So, what about the food itself? The menu was impressive, and we were excited to try a number of small plates (since you can't access a menu online, we're going from memory):---- Beer Cheese and Warm Pretzels (4 Stars out of 5): The best thing we ate - five or six warm, long/slender pretzel bread with a piping-hot triangle of beer cheese. We'd recommend adding some salt to the pretzels and continued work on the cheese - fairly one note - but compared to everything else, satisfying enough.---- Ahi Tuna & Seaweed Salad (2.5 Stars out of 5): This likely would have been a four star dish, but our server noted that they were having trouble deciding whether they could do it for us, and its clear they didn't have enough tuna to serve a full portion. The way its served is as bite-size portions (with dollop of salad) on small forks situated in a unique display with seven slots. Ours came out with just five forks of tuna, and at $14, it was a crazy-small amount of food. It tasted okay - I do a better version of it myself, and with about 3oz of tuna total, we were very let down.---- Duck Quesadillas (1 Stars out of 5): Yikes. These were not very good at all. Very small portion with just a little smoked/prepared duck in each one. We wish we hadn't ordered this. ---- Flatbread Pizza (2.5 Stars out of 5): So, which flatbread pizza did we order? Well, we tried to have the jerk chicken pesto, which sounded delicious. And since we were still so hungry after the first round of food (the three dishes above were so insubstantial, we had to order a pizza) we started to wolf it down when it was delivered without inspecting its ingredients. But 5 minutes later, another server came by with what looked like our pizza ("that's right, this was supposed to have pesto!") making us look down at what we were eating. My wife doesn't eat beef, pork or lamb, and I'm pretty sure we were eating the one with bacon. It was tasty, but my wife wasn't too thrilled with eating bacon when she's so cautious to avoid it. 3. THE BEER (2 Stars out of 5): I never understand when a brewery tries to have a dozen different beers on hand. Why? Assclown does this as well, and its a rookie mistake IMO. Find 4-5 beers you can produce well and do those only. We did a flight, and I have to say that I'd likely only order a couple again - the Peach Hefe was quite good, and likely our reason to go back.4. THE SERVER (2.5 Stars out of 5): We were seated upstairs, and our server had to comment every time she came up about what a trek it was to walk upstairs. Well, yea, I know, but come on, don't make me feel badly for you having to wait on me. Also just too talkative -- clearly, they are still getting their act together being open for such a short amount of time. But we had 9 different people stop by our table, and obviously the flatbread pizza mix-up... I'd prefer one server, not a team.5. Overall (2.5 Stars out of 5): I'm giving such specific notes because I want this to be a great brew pub. The backdrop is stunning, but just because it looks great doesn't mean people are going to come back if they have an uneven first visit.  Looking at the burgers and sandwiches, that appears to be how one should experience the food. And some of the beers were standouts. Work on the cost/portion size, slim down to a narrower number of high-quality beers, and make sure your servers are experienced. I started at 2 stars, but I'll upgrade to 3 stars as encouragement to keep at it.
4	Our schedule worked out well last Saturday, so the wife and I could make it for Heist's second night being open.  I saw some pictures of their food options on facebook and they looked great.  Heist is located in NoDa just next to the YMCA.  They have a parking lot, which is always a plus in this area.  The place is huge, so it was not too long for us to be seated even without a reservation on a Saturday night.  We opted to sit at a small side bar deep inside the restaurant next to the beer brewing area.  They have 8 to 10 beers on tap (made on site) and I figured that we would get great service at the bar.  I was right about the service being great, but the beer for me was a little bit lacking.  My wife enjoyed her Tripel, but I am not a fan of this style.  The best beer that I had on this night was their Oatmeal Stout by far followed by the I2PA.  The others that I tasted (they do offer tasters if you don't know what you want) or drank were ok at best.  I always have to add that I am a self proclaimed beer snob.  I look forward to them working on getting a stellar beer line up top to bottom.Now onto the food, which is for me the best thing about Heist.  First thing that I ordered, they were out of due to the massive crowds on the first night.  So no veal cheek flatbread or veal cheek appetizer, but we quickly ordered the pork belly flatbread called the Mazone and followed it with a smoked salmon appetizer.  The flatbread had the nice char from the wood fired oven and all the toppings blended well together.  It was a little greasy due to the fattiness of the combined toppings, as the wife noted, but very filling.  The pipe smoked salmon was just about the best food item that I can remember having in recent memory.  The in house smoked salmon with sushi grade fish gave the perfect smoke flavor that you just need to try, because no description here will do it justice.  The last thing that we ordered was the torched diablo's, which is a chicken appetizer, but these were a great disappointment compared to all other food that we saw or ate.  I would not order these again.  They did not taste bad, but there is too much good stuff on the menu as far as my palate is concerned.One last thing to say for the non beer lovers, they do have a full bar with some great bourbon options and also some wines by the glass I believe, but can't say for sure about the wine.  We shall return on future visits to NoDa.
5	In the NFL they call them "rookie of the year", in the world of craft brewing, I don't know what you call them, but Heist Brewery is now the MF Cam Newton of this town!  I've been tracking them on Facebook back when they were still taking votes on which logo to use just six months ago, so I NEVER expected them to come out this hard. We walked in and our jaws dropped, this isn't another tasting room with a small bar, tables scattered about, and a dainty little food truck parked outside. No, no, this place is HUGE! The inside looked like some elegant warehouse handcrafted by metrosexual lumberjacks. The first thing we noticed was a full bar (yes liquor in a brewery), and above that was a chandelier covered with bullet holes like Chuck Norris just had his morning coffee and walked in to decorate the place. On the way to the table we passed two bars, an upstairs dining section, and an outdoor "dog friendly" patio area.The menu descriptions had us drooling, and the food...I mean giant skewers of shrimp covered in tangy cotton candy clown wigs, Chicken and Waffles, Pork Belly Corndogs in a brewery? WTF! this place is out of control! We started with the Oven Roasted Beer Cheese and Pretzels....I literally scraped the remaining cheese up with my finger like a 3 year old, then turned around and did the same thing with the Gorgonzola dip minutes later from our Grill-Smoked hot wings. The Chicken and Waffles were unlike anything I have ever tasted, and the Root Beer BBQ sauce that came with the Pork Bellies was mouthwatering. As we scanned the menu we saw Parmesan Rosemary Tots, so we ordered a side dish of those and Holy $%*# were they incredible!!! I'd eat those straight out of Napoleon Dynamite's pockets! We finished with double desserts, the Caramelized Banana Hazelnut Egg rolls, and the Butterfinger Blondie Bite. I literally felt like slapping someone they were so good. PISSED I will never taste this Butterfinger dish in my own home, but I guess that means I'll be back soon.Finally the beer, I mean I almost forgot this was a effin brewery. You gotta respect their dedication to the basics. You won't find some crazy rhubarb flavored beer here. I spoke to the owner, their interests were perfecting the base of beer drinking, I'm talking hefeweizen, stouts, IPAs, lagers and ales. They had several seasonal and flavored releases too, but kudos to them for coming out the door with a solid base of some of the lightest and easiest to drink beers I have ever had at a microbrewery. We went with a combination of flights and pints to sample them all, so let me quickly break down my favorites: (Oatmeal Stout) - Almost Samuel Smith worthy but somehow lighter(Hefeweizen) - Balls down the best I have ever tasted. Bought a Growler of this!(i2pa) - Superb India Pale Ale! I wouldn't tip a 40 of this at my own brother's funeral(Kristalweizen) - Very light and smooth no hoppy or bitter aftertasteSeasonal favorites we tried:(Blueberry Blonde) - Tastes like blueberries and cream oatmeal(Peach Hefeweizen) - One of the better peach brews I have ever tasted(Belgian Tripel) - Reminded me of Canada's Trois Pistoles very flavorful!Alright real talk, there is one negative to this place. You WILL spend some cash, and the portions to cost ratio may be too much for your wallet to handle. If your visit was anything like ours though odds are the dining experience, the presentation, and the combination of flavors that come together from these creations, will still leave you with nothing but respect for what you just consumed, high price and all. We went with just the appetizers and desserts this route, but the menu is so diverse you will want to try it all.  We can't wait to head back to experience the entrees.If you find it hard to believe just check out their food porn on Facebook, or better yet browse the menu and tell me this place doesn't make you want to go to Check-n-Cash off Tryon and blow your wad on some grub and suds before you even get paid.Its just week ONE for Heist, and they are already the best brewery in Charlotte that serves food. This will forever be the place I bring out of towners and new friends until Heist is so well known NoDa is actually worth its current price of real estate.
2	Similar experience and review as Josh J.My wife and I ate there last Saturday night. My wife had the burger which was really good. I had the tots and fish along with a Caesar salad. The tots were very tasty but the fish was bla. This dish was comprised of 4 tots and 5 tater tot sized fish pieces.....along with sauce. That was it? VERY SMALL portion size. Then there was the Caesar salad.....using the term very lightly here. Couple of full leaves of lettuce sticking straight up, from root to wilted end....and a round cheese cracker.....for 8 dollars!Now the server....knew nothing about the beer...said basically what could we expect with a half hour training? When we purchased two flights to taste, he could not remember which ones were which and had to stick his nose in the glass on each one to tell..that was ok with me but not my wife.The beer......the double IPA  was really good and Krystal  was good as well and something you don't really see very often.Given small portion sizes we went out to another restaurant to finish the meal...  Will be back In a couple of months to see if the kinks have been worked out.Given all the hipe on facebook about the menu testing, practice type dinners I expected more.  Also, the website had no information on the menu and no pre-notification on the opening...Facebook or website.
5	After much anticipation, Heist has finally opened their glorious doors to the culinarily savvy of NoDa and beer-craving crowd of the greater Charlotte population. You wouldn't suspect much out of this old mill turned bar, turned animal hospital, turned brewery, but the decor, service, adventurously ridiculous menu, brews, house-made sodas and potential will make you turn your head more than once. First, the decor alone will cause your jaw to drop. The layered wood lining the walls is just outstanding. The pattern it creates draws your eye to being the first thing you see. The main entrance houses a full bar and the booth seating has a gorgeous high back of finished wood. Looks like a dark cherry. Absolutely gorgeous. The chandelier is made of the extra brass pipes from the brewing gear with bullet holes blasted through them! So rad. You can bet that'll show up on pinterest soon....Service is incredible. There are so many different places to sit -- outside deck, upstairs, main room, tap room -- and the servers ring it up and send it fast. Three different bars to order from, too. We ordered the i2PA and the red ale. Both are solid choices. i2PA is by and large my favorite off of the menu thus far. The oatmeal stout is is one of the better choices, too. Next time we're in, we'll have to order a few flights to check out the rest of the lineup. Blueberry Blonde? Sounds crazy interesting!The menu is just.....insane. Not only from a perspective of fusion, presentation, and taste, but the story behind each menu item. Each item has it's own little quirk and style.We started with the pretzels and spinach artichoke dip. The presentation of both is stupendous. Pretzels were a little on the firm side, but the beer cheese made up for it. Very nice flavor on the cheese. The spinach artichoke dip was lovely. Served with a flatbread of sorts, and housing huge chunky artichoke hearts. This didn't last long as we scraped every inch of the bowl. Would order both again in a heartbeat.  I ordered the Brewmaster burger. A mix of porterhouse and brisket. What? Who in the history of burger-dom has mixed porterhouse and brisket?! It was incredible. Served on brioche, the few standard burger accoutrement, and rosemary tots. These jokers are 2oz tots. Creamy, savory and chewy. The smokiness of the burger was to die for. It wasn't overt, but just subtle enough to inhabit my palate throughout the meal. My wife ordered the veggie sandwich. All smokey, grilled veggies on focaccia. A rather hearty sandwich. She ordered the creamed corn with it. Man. Talk about rib-sticking corn! Very creamy and huge corn flavor. We ended up ordering dessert as well. We had to sample one of the house made sodas! Went with the orange creamsicle float and the blondie. Both were knockouts. The house-made orange soda was incredible. I can't wait to check out the rest of the lineup. The blondie was just as it should have been. Warm, topped with ice cream, and plenty of rum-infused caramel. What a nice cap to the meal. Heist may still be new, but they are showcasing some serious talent all around. These guys hit every sense and beckon for you to dive deeper into the complex menu, both beer and food. These guys will grow and continue to show Charlotte something it has never had before. Welcome to the neighborhood, Heist!
5	I've been on yelp for years just as a reader but this is the first time since I've lived in Charlotte that I feel inclined to actually write a review. I went to heist on Saturday night with a big group. We had about an hour wait, but didn't really care because there was plenty of room to hang out at one of the two bars and test out a few of the featured brews and taste the apps.I started with the station #7 red and it was pretty good. Between my group I'm pretty sure we tried me all. I think I liked the tripel the best. The bartenders, hostess and wait staff were super friendly even though they were really busy. The owner came out to our table and talked to us for a good ten minutes, and he was really enthusiastic about their concept.The interior design was right up my alley; exposed brick, asymmetric wood paneling, open floor plan, huge viewing window to the brewery. Beautiful.Now for the food: I got the brewmaster BBQ burger with the Parmesan rosemary fries and it was messy but delish. A lot of my friends tried the flatbreads which all looked great. I tried the duck flatbread and it was mouthwatering. We also tried the spinach and artichoke app with parm flatbread and it was really tasty. The pricing was about middle of the road but I'd say very fair for the quality, flavor and creativity, not to mention the experience! I will definitely be adding this into my heavy rotation!
3	Went on a mini brewery crawl this weekend stopping at Triple C, Heist, Birdsong, and finishing with dinner at Growlers Pourhouse. Started with Triple C, now for the next stop in our evening out... Charlotte's newest brewpub; Heist Brewery.Situated in the cultural hub of NoDa, Heist occupies the old Highland Mill building. The place is beautiful... just the right mix of new and old. You get some very nice woodwork and stonework adorning the walls, while at the same time preserving the history of the space. When you walk in there is an open space with several tables and a bar, as you pass through into the next area you pass a kitchen area with a custom wood burning pizza oven that is open to the rest of the space so that the aroma of pizza baking fills the whole building. Once you stop gawking at the pizza oven you will notice a wall full of windows showcasing the brewhouse, and another bar area. Really, in addition to being eye catching and well laid out the place is huge, there is upstairs seating and yet a third bar type area with seats and tap handles. I could hang out here all dayThe service is decent, the waiter we had was attentive and polite. He tried to be helpful, and knew a fair amount about the menu, but very little about the beer. Now, on to the menu... I feel like this place has fallen victim to "celebrity chef syndrome". To many dishes that try to be just a bit too clever. Too little food for too high a price.  Lobster Bisque Test Tubes, BBQ Braised Pork Belly Corn Dogs, Asian Shrimp with Lemon Wasabi Cotton Candy?, Chicken and Waffles... C'mon man!! The burgers, and flat breads don't look too bad, but lets stop trying so hard to be the next food network star.Now on to the main attraction... The beer. Unfortunately I am underwhelmed by the beer. Eleven house made beers on tap and all of the mediocre at best. How about we cut the beer menu down to a manageable four or five offerings and make the shine!! I don't need ten or eleven beers from a new start up brewery, I need two or three beers that blow my hair back (back when I had hair). We ordered two samplers so that we could try all of the beers, I thought the oatmeal stout was the best beer of the bunch. I would go on to describe the rest of them but I forgot about them even as I was drinking them. Now, don't get me wrong. None of the beers were deeply flawed, just uninspired. While none of them knocked my socks off, none of them were offensive or had bad off flavors either, just boring. I'm not looking for crazy, extreme beers, just good beers done well.I really wanted to like this place. I was pulling for them to be the next great Charlotte area brewery... and they still could be, but there is work to be done.All in all I am ready for the next place, on to Birdsong...
2	I hate to do this, and this is my first Yelp review, but this needs to be said. I live nearby, and the space is amazing, but the experience is awful.I went to Heist last night with a couple of buddies, none of which are particularly high-rent. We got there, were sat in "the dead zone" even though the place was half empty, and there we sat for 10 minutes while servers kept walking past us. Finally, the manager came by and asked if we had been sat by the hostess or just crept in, which would lightly justify our wait. Anyway, after we explained that the hostess did indeed sit us there, she apologized and offered the first round free. Not what I was looking for, but I'll take it.The whole experience was horribly slow. We were there over 2 hours, just to eat dinner and have a couple of beers. We didn't have silver/napkin setups, and when we asked for napkins, the hipster with the regrettable forearm tat tossed a pile of wet naps on the table. So when we asked for real napkins on his next visit, he brought us cocktail napkins. "Hey slugger, snap out of your 'too cool to take this seriously' act, and give us real napkins, paper towels, or something useful!" Every beer order took 10 minutes to arrive, and our food took about 30 minutes. When we were ready to go, we sat for another 20 while our server walked by aimlessly another handful of times. And when we asked for the check, he seemed unaware of the practice of 3 people paying separately. We ok'ed splitting it 3 ways, but that was bush league. And of course, our first round wasn't comped. I didn't care, just wanted to get the hell out of there. I don't want to be hard on the guy, as I waited tables for 4 years, but this guy was just awful.As for the beer. Weak. Flat. Watery. And it all tasted very similar. From the oatmeal stout I started with to the IPA, my three beers could have been poured from the same tap from what I could tell.The food. The wings were seriously the best wings I have ever had at a restaurant, and the burger was great. I ordered tots on the side, and got 4. If you're too fancy to give more than real helping of tots, then you're too fancy to be a brewery. The menu is very inconsistent- tapas (chicken and waffles that look more like bacon-wrapped scallops- meh), wings, burgers, fancy personal pizzas. Either be a great burger and wing joint or be a tapas/artisan gluten-free artisan pizza spot. Pick one and do it well.I hope they make it, but when 3 guys (who have no standards) leave your place that disappointed, well...
3	Picked this place out on a whim...pay attention when you're driving if this is your first time here...you could miss it...It's kind of like a hole in the wall - definitely would have drove by this 'building' and not realize a restaurant was in it.The place, at first, we thought was small, but you walk in and there's quite a nice space in the back left with tables, chairs, and the bar...it was definitely like a 'club' scene...All the chairs were high, if you know what I mean. It really wasn't a sit down kind of place...you sit, but on high bar stools...even at your table.It's definitely a place for after hours with friends, or your spouse, but not for kids...and we made the mistake of brining ours. I felt bad for them, but they wanted to try it,so we stayed. They did have a kids menu, but you have to ask for it. It's not printed on the menu. My six year old loved the cheese pizza (flatbread). He liked that the crust was very crispy. He's not a fan of the thick, bread like crust, so Heist Brewery did a good job on that. My other kid didn't feel like there was anything he could eat. Most of the menu items were for 'sharing'...again going with the idea that you go there with a bunch of friends. So he opted not to eat...which made things more uncomfortable because we were the only people with kids, but we were there early enough 5PM on a Friday, that the place wasn't busy or crowded yet.Ok - so more on the food. My husband ordered the burger and he said that it was nice to go to a place where they can cook a burger and he showed it to me and the meat was pink in the middle. Yuck, personally, but that's how he likes it and he loved it. For $8, it was a deal at that place. The pork belly corn dogs were good, but you only got 4 or 5 and it was $11. I ordered the duck flatbread and it was good, but I don't think was $13 good. Don't get me wrong, I would come back to try the other stuff, and on a date night...not family night.Also, the kids meal came with a float and my son really liked that. You can get an orange one and a cream soda one and like three other flavors.And the beer? I didn't have any, but I think my husband had one of each and I didn't hear him complaining so I guess it was pretty good too.
2	The beer is very unremarkable and very disappointing.  Food is good but overpriced.  If you want beer, Birdsong brewing and NoDa brewing are just up the street and both are leaps and bounds better, especially Birdsong.  If you want food, there is a myriad of options also just up the street that are again, better.  If this was the only option around I'd return, but there are much more worthwhile places to spend my money here in the neighborhood.
3	House Brewed Sarsaparilla Root Beer might be the Best Brew reviewed so far (by anyone)!  I'm giving the Root Beer close to five yelp stars!  Next time we will get the House Brewed Cherry Soda and I'll request it in a Frosted Mug with No Ice!  This Soda is carrying the review!This place is Cool!  They did a great job decorating!  It is BELIEVABLE!  Big Bar and nice sized Dinning Room in the front, smaller Bar and Bigger Dinning Room with Huge Glass wall so you can see the Brewery in the back!  Balcony Dinning Room overlooks the Brewing room and large Dinning Room!  Nice smaller outdoor Patio!The Service was Excellent and if it were not for our server recommending a House Brewed Soda this would be a 2 star review!  The Service gets 5 stars!  Everyone was Friendly and pleasant!  Even though I would rather have rude or snobby Service and MUCH Better food, great Service is nice and I guess I appreciate it, really I do NOT expect it, though it weighs very light in my reviews!The food is bringing my review stars down!  Since my math skills suck (means this is probably really a 2 1/2 star review) and this was my first dine (they have not been open very long either) I'll be gentle!  The Root Beer was a Great start!  The Root Beer BBQ Sauce was very good and probably saved the Pork-belly Corn-dogs which did not have much flavor and what flavor they did have was NOT good!  Pork-belly Corn-dogs without BBQ Sauce get 2 yelp stars and with the BBQ Sauce get 3 stars!  Duck and Shallot Flat-bread with Mozzarella Cheese and Root Beer BBQ Sauce would have been better without the Duck (call it Shallot and Mozzarella Flat bread) or they could have put More Duck and we may have known we were eating Duck... Meaning the Duck was a little more like Bacon bits.  Still the Flavor was good enough for 3 stars, more would be too generous!Now for the worst part of the review... We asked for the most unique Dessert they had since we knew we were going to a Bakery (down the Street, you know the one) right after for a real Dessert!  We probably got the most unique Dessert they had from the sounds of the others!  The Deep Fried Bananas with not much more than Sugar and Cinnamon on the outside and a Cream cheese Dip, more than disappointing it was the opposite of good! 1 yelp star seems too Generous!
4	Although I'm not a big craft beer drinker Heist has a really cool atmosphere-TVs, outdoor seating, and creative food presentations that are good to share!  Great addition to NoDa!
4	let me start off by saying this is the only brewery in Charlotte that offers late hours, and a full menu, complete with late night options. That alone is a valuable asset to this place! My counterpart and I went one night in search of good brews and some good eats, and knew we had to try Heist after hearing so much about it. Since we were late, we ordered from the late night menu, wings and the duck flatbread. The wings had a nice smoky, grilled flavor, but I gotta say I wasn't impressed by the sauce. Extremely mild, if you're a lover of spice. Would have liked to have tried the Japanese black style with ponzu, but we were told they weren't available at that point in the evening. The duck flatbread was tasty, loved the root beer BBQ sauce, but could have standed to taste a little more duck. Next time I come, I'm going for the pork belly corn dogs, they just sound too damn good, and they must be considering that they'd sold out of them for the evening! The beers were good, but I feel that they need more time to develop their recipes, just like any new brewery. I drank at least four pints of the porter, and tasted all the others, except for the i2pa, which was not yet on tap. This is also another thing I must make a point of ordering next time. The interior is awesome, great view of brewing equipment, cool lighting in Ball mason jars, and incredibly hand laid Jenga-like wooden inlay in the walls. TVs and a patio are also nice features! The bartender, Stefan, was extremely personable and made great conversation with us. He made sure we were taken care of the entire time we were there. Oh yeah, they muddle their drinks by hand, and that is just as cool as the beer. All of the drink menu looked quite refreshing, and again, I have made a point to try one next go round. Giving it an overall 3.5 stars, simply because I need to go back again!!!
5	For the big 1000th review, I have to review Heist Brewery, a fairly new brewery in a place called NoDa (North Davidson) that I visited last week. My friend's loft is steps away from HB, and it is definitley a good and bad thing. Great since you can go anytime, have a great time, and walk back home, bad, I would definitley spend way too much money and pack on a ton of calories at this place!Thursday evening, we had a table right next to the bar, so very convenient. It was a special night, as they were unveiling the beer tap handles. Professional photos were being taken, some delicious hor dourves available, and felt like I was in a monumental moment as people were purchasing glasses of beer as people cheered on. This place is a lot larger than I had expected, as there's a huge area beyond the front bar. There, you can see the brewery through glass, and it's a large open space of tables and bar tables.I was introduced to the Moscow Mule, a Russian version of a margarita. It's also poured in these copper (or silver) mugs that keep the drink extra cold the entire time. It was AMAZING! Very addicting, as it's not super strong. The ginger beer was refreshing, especially with the lime provided. I could've drank these all night, and only $9!We shared a bunch of appetizers, which they have a lot of unique combinations plus your typical bar fare with a twist (strawberry bun anyone?). My favorite by far, was my local friends' favorites as well, the 6 cheese pimento and sherried crab dip. Delicious, especially with the parmesean flatbread provided! I could not stop eating it! Their spinach and artichoke dip was just as good as well! I ordered the jerked chicken flatbread pizza, which was good, but I'd have to say the root beer BBQ duck pizza was even better! We also got the forked-up ahi, which also came with a wasabi soy mist in a mini bottle! How clever is that? Great ambience of locals dining and drinking, and definitley had a great night here that ended my trip quite nicely. Would definitley recommend this place and feel like one of the locals in the trendy NoDa area!
4	4 stars based on the service and atmosphere.  I absolutely love the interior of this place.  Very shaby chic and trendy at the same time.  We popped in for a quick beer the other night and this place was completely packed out!  That's a good sign.  I tried the local IPA brewed there and while it was completely drinkable I wasn't overly in love with it.  Maybe that will grow on me.  The food being delivered to the tables around us looked great and for that reason alone I will have to go back and give the food a go!
3	The atmosphere of this place is 5 stars.  This is an awesome spot just based on the space and attention to detail with the interior design.  The first time I came here we met some folks for some drinks and I was skeptical as we walked farther and farther away from the buzz of the main NoDa area.  Once I was inside, I was glad we had walked over.  They had live music going and a great vibe overall.The beer here isn't that great in my opinion.  I tried 3 beers and the group I was with all agreed that they tasted tame and watered down.  I tried 3 separate beers because the first 2 weren't good.  I had the IPA, Strawberry Blonde, and I can't remember the last one...big surprise.  They had to have at least 8 different beers on the menu.  I would think if they scaled down to 4~ brews, they could focus on creating a better beer.  The mixed drinks were very good however as they also have a full liquor bar.  I tasted a few of them and would recommend these over the beer.  It's kind of funny to me that their cocktails blow away their beer....and it's supposed to be a brewery!The food we tried was overpriced and average at best.  The cheese dip for the pretzels was served luke warm even after stirring it up and it lacked flavor.  The spinach & artichoke dip was also served at the same temperature.  Ugh!  Portions were not worth $9 each.Overall, I think it's a cool spot.  It just opened recently and I think it has a lot of potential.  We'll see.
4	Dion L., Simone M., & I went to Heist Brewery for lunch about 12:30 PM on a Monday.  While there weren't many patrons in there, there was a large group of Johnson & Wales students on a "field trip".First off, the decor is gorgeous, not to mention the "brew" area, which is encased in glass, but you're able to see it in all it's glory.  While I don't drink beer, I can appreciate the process that goes in to making all these crafty, special beers. Their lunch menu is somewhat limited, naturally, however, all three of us were able to find something.  I chose the BLTC, which is a spin on the traditional BLT.  What they don't tell you on the menu, is you get a choice of bread. I went with the mushroom focaccia. For my side, I chose the rosemary-parmesan tater tots. I was happy with the price of $8 for my meal.We didn't wait too long for our food to arrive & presentation was lovely.  Our sandwiches  were served somewhat open-faced & the toppings were neatly placed on the sandwich.  They were served on a nice wooden slab, with a small ceramic bowl (that fits into slab) for the side.  Temperature-wise, everything was perfect. Taste-wise, my sandwich was delicious! The bacon was nicely crisp, the lettuce & smoked 'maters were fresh, & the gorgonzola cheese was flavorful. The bread was soft on the inside & had that nice hardness on the top. I mean after all it is focaccia bread. The tots were a bid odd to me, they looked more like hushpuppies than tater tots. While I was expecting your regular looking tater tots, I also expected the rosemary & parmesan to be dusted on top.  This was not the case...the "seasonings" are actually inside - which, the inside tasted like a mixture of  "regular tater tot taste"  & a baked potato.Our waitress was fantastic...she offered selections, was friendly, efficient, & checked on us frequently. They all have on fancy black uniforms, but they weren't too uptight looking.We also had dessert, which could be shared.  Dion chose the caramelized banana & hazelnut mousse egg rolls, which at $8, we expected a bit more. When this treat came out, it was in a small square bowl, with four tiny, tiny egg rolls.  They were tasty, though, but they could have been bigger.  The mousse was decadent, as well.Over all, I'm pleased with this experience.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place - it has become my new go-to place in NODA. The beer is great and the food is FUN. I haven't made my way through the whole menu yet but I am working my way through it. Some of my faves are the pork belly corn dogs, flatbreads and their homemade focaccia bread is great. My only complaint is that I can't rate it any higher!
3	The brewmaster burger is a top burger in Charlotte.  Sadly, the beers are very bland and watered down. They had no bite. I hope this is just working out the kinks kind of situation.
5	My first visit to Heist only got me excited for my second visit.  You see, the first time I was strapped for time and only had a chance to do a quick flight which was five of their beers.  In addition, the brewery had just come off their introductory weekend and were out of several of their beers including my favorite style, the IPA.  Anyway, fast forward to this weekend and my wife and I decided to go there for lunch for her birthday.The place is beautiful.  The wide windows to view the brewing action, tables everywhere for any style, bar stools, seats, patio, an upstairs nook, you name it.  Several bars adorn the site as well so you're always within reach of a fresh beer.  Anyway, as good as the beers are/were (I recommend the I2PA) the food is where this treat really is!Chef Rob Masone, who came over and spoke with us for awhile, has really set this place apart.  We feasted on the Tenderloin Tips open faced sandwich on homemade bread with their soon to be world famous home made tater tots.  Also enjoyed the blackened salmon salad which the dressing was just awesome!  Chef Rob, knowing that it was my wife's birthday also brought us his chocolate pie which was simply scrumptious!  Our experience was simply wonderful and we will most certainly be back.  I think infusing a brewery with a top notch restaurant was a great idea.  I hope they keep mixing up the menu and bringing us back with new stuff to try.  The beers are great as well, the only one I really didn't like was the light lager.Enjoy!
4	We tried out Heist Brewery this past Friday night. We parked at the YMCA and walked... We weren't exactly sure if we were going the right way until we saw the arrows pointing us toward Heist on the sidewalk.  Once we got there we immediately loved the ambiance and decor! There was about a 20 minute wait so we headed to the bar to get one of their craft made beers (they only serve their creations by the way). I have to say... We were not impressed with the beer. I had the red #7, my husband the IPA and out friend the wheat. They offer one of their version of each major type of beer (wheat, pale ale, IPA, etc) and each one we tried was just a bare bone version and lacked complexity. I give them point for their menu though...they do have some interesting selections. They also have small plate section (like the trend in most major cities) to facilitate sharing and trying different items. I loved the way the presentation of the food and trediness of the restaurant. We had pretty good service and loved the feel of the place. Overall good experience, the food was pretty decent. I give them four stars for trying! We'll be back....not for the beers though!
5	I've been to this place a few times now and have to rave abt how awesome it is!!  I have 3 fave things: cheeseburger flatbread, chicken and waffles, and the diablos. I've tried several things on the menu and have yet to come across something I don't like. Only one complain: THOSE LITTLE ROUND STOOLS ARE NOT COMFY!  I always request a stool with a back on it, that helps.
4	Great food, great beer, a bit pricey, but worth it for the quality of the dishes.
5	Went to Heist last night for dinner and was not expecting much from the word "brewery" in terms of food.  However, this place completely surprised me.  The menu doesn't really do it justice, so if you look at it online and think the menu may not be what you want, think again.  There were roughly 14 in my party and everyone's food was excellent.  The presentation is like a fancy restaurant, and the prices are cheap.  I had the crab burger with tator tots, which was really delicious.  But the banana and hazelnut chocolate egg rolls are incredible!  The beer was good, I had the Dubbel, and the service was excellent.  I highly recommend going to Heist.
4	I tried Heist after reading a review/article in Elevate Magazine and it didn't disappoint!  My first thought when I walked inside was "WOW, this place is beautiful!" The wood-lined walls are rich and inviting and yet, laid-back.  The vats located behind the clear glass is strangely comforting, as they are beautiful to look at (who doesn't love giant copper beer vats?) and cool to know that you will be drinking a local made brew.  The food was unique and tasty, but really the beer was what I keep coming back for.  I know it sounds especially girly (yes, I'm a girl, but I'm usually a fan of pale ales and IPA's), but I loved their seasonal Strawberry Ale.  It wasn't as heavy as a lambic, but refreshing and just a hint of fruit.  Not sweet-just refreshed my palate and led me to drink another....And another :-)
5	This place lives up to the Facebook hype they've been building over the last few months before opening. The beer was impressive not for being "out-there," but for being solid and well-crafted. It's like they are trying to get it "right" before they get fancy. I had a pale ale and it was excellent. My wife's hefeweizen was also good. While the beers were solid and a bit conservative, the food is crazy and complex. The beer cheese had a lot of tastes going on. I was happy it came with a little spoon that I used to scrape the last of the cheese from the bowl after the pretzels were gone. The chicken and waffles were simply indescribable. They come like little sushi rolls and I scarfed them down.  I'll just say "horseradish maple syrup" and leave it at that.The presentation was also a plus. We ended up spending a lot of time watching everyone else's food arrive on wooden carving boards and chunks of marble. Is it a little pricey? Yes, but I've paid much more for less tasty food in a worse atmosphere. Well done Heist. I'll be back
2	Beer is not good. Tastes watered down.  Got the pork belly corn dogs and it was all fat not meat, literally, I'm not exaggerating.  The people are nice and the atmosphere is very cool. I'd only come here for the flatbread.  Also, most of their seating is high top stools with no backs. Not very comfy for a meal.
3	3.5 stars, and I'll round down. Read on.The place is located in the "NoDa" neighborhood. They basically took an old cotton mill, gutted it, and made it into a restaurant/brewery.4-5 stars on the decor and feel. Honestly they did a great job on the interior. Once I walked in here, my expectations were set high.Our waitress seemed attentive to us from the beginning. Good sign. Made suggestions on the beer...and away we went.4 stars on the beer. I ordered the Buddel. I read some reviews here saying the beer sucked, but I always feel when you go to a brewery, you have to try the seasonals. This was a good call.Apps - pretty good. Ordered the hummus. And the crab dip.  But I thought for the price paid, it wasn't enough. Still - I don't think would have changed my ordered as I was happy with my order.OK - now after the apps...the service kind of went downhill. We came the Friday after Thanksgiving, and I think management just didn't have enough people on staff.Our main course/lunch just took too long to come out. I mean, it was a grilled sandwich for God's sake (at least mine). By the time I got my order it was cold.Also - the sandwich was missing an extra kick. Ditto for the tater tots. They both looked great, and they were good....but it was just missing something.My group also ordered dessert --- the "caramelized banana eggrolls" or something. Good concept, but subpar on taste. It looked good - it just didn't have flavor. Bummer.The waitress also was not attentive to us. Once again - kind of blame the managers. We would have ordered more, but things were taking too long. Glasses of water and more hooch was slow.I feel as though I should give this place another chance from a service perspective. The beer and decor is exceptional and memorable. But the food -- i think they're trying to hard to create new "food concepts" and failing on the flavor. That's something to worry about, but like I said -- if I'm back in Charlotte I'd still give this place a try....just for the decor and beer at least and a chance at redemption!
4	Good beer...I tried a flight, stand outs were the Hefewezien, Dubbel and the Red 7., but to me the true standout is the food. I have never seen such an innovative menu at a brewery. Think years past of Southend Brewery, but improved. I was in the mood for a burger and wings.  I know what your thinking that is not innovative for a brewery in  the least, but that is what I was in the mood for.  Both were very good and definitely the chef had their own spin on each. This is far from bar food. Next time I will try something else, not because they were bad, but  there seems to be so many good options here.
2	Was excited to try this place, but ended up pretty disappointed. Echoing what others have said, the beers do taste very watered down, so much so that we had a sip of each and that's it. Food wasn't memorable either, and 3/4 of it came out lukewarm/cool. The fish in the fried fish and tots was soggy and room temp. Overall, flavors weren't very good or special enough to warrant a return. It's also quite loud, I was really having to raise my voice to be heard by my dinner partner. It's a nice looking place for sure though.
3	First and foremost, this is a Brewery.  Therefore the beer receives high consideration.  Our party of four tried several different beers, none of which were very good.  I know this place is new so maybe they are still working out the kinks. But they have a long way to go.  Descriptive adjectives about the beer from our table - "flat", "watery" and "this is a bad beer".  Ouch!   In related news, even the tap water they serve had a very metallic taste. So maybe it's something related to the originally industrial water source?  Food - they have an eclectic and creative menu.  Unfortunately the execution of certain dishes was lacking.  The pretzel sticks with beer cheese are good for a group, but a far cry from real Bavarian style pretzels in flavor and texture.  The chicken and waffle sushi was the biggest hit with our party.  Not a lot of food but an original and creative dish all the same - great for four people to each get a sweet savory bite.  The Caesar salad was delicious and well-presented.  With lightly grilled romaine, fried anchovies and toasted pumpkin seeds, this one's a winner.  We also tried the little corndogs - good flavor, not a lot of food, needed another minute in the fryer.  But, overall, I thought the food was pretty durn good.  Other observations - I liked the space/decor (lots of cool ganster prints and big open spaces).  There are 3 or 4 bars, we were in the main room overlooking the copper beer thing-ys (vats?) and it was pretty chill.  I liked the music playing - think Black Keys, even some old Portishead, sort of grungy, bluesy rock -  it fits the space.  Our server was friendly but surprisingly unknowledgeable  about the menu.  At this price point, servers should have at least sampled the menu and be able to describe dishes and make recommendations.  Heist was packed on our Saturday night visit.  Hopefully the management will continue to work on execution because this place seems to have the potential to be really great or settling into mediocrity; bringing in hipsters who care more about the space and local than a higher echelon of crafted beer and quality food.
5	Atmosphere and service are great. Beer is very good. Food is AMAZING. The beer cheese and duck flatbread are incredible and the chicken and waffle sushi is differ t and tasty.
4	Big fan... especially since none of the other local breweries really cater towards the dinning in experience quite like Heist does.  I know the focus should be beer, but why not have an awesome, cozy tasting room/dining room to go along with your delicious tasting beer?  Don't let the outside of the building fool you... it is very unassuming and blends in with the other NoDa buildings in the area, once you step inside, you feel like you are in a ski lodge with lots of natural woods and stones.  The beer makers are front and center behind glass and there is a bar with lots of tables around....  looks like there is a 2nd story for over flow seating (or private parties?).  Just an overall comfortable setting.I had dinner there with a fellow yelp friend.  No expectations since I heard the opening was somewhat disorganized (might have been just too crowded).  Our server was pretty awesome she gave us solid recommendations and had tried everything on the menu save a couple items and had a distinct opinion about all of them!  I always think it's great when the employees are passionate about what they are talking about and providing.We built our own flights and had flat breads and burgers... and were stuffed to delight.  Definitely need to come back and try more menu items!  of course the BEER too....  a lot of the normal brews were out, but they only serve fresh/seasonal beers so it makes sense that the menus were had to be clarified by the server - good thing we had a good one to give us the 411.
3	Tried Heist again with lowered expectations for the beer.  I ordered the Dubbel and was better than I expected but it wasn't great.  The beer wasn't as watered down as my last visit but there is still room for improvement. We tried the beer cheese (which is still amazing), the chicken & waffles, the flavors worked well together (but I could have done with a reduced amount of the peppercorn butter), and the pork belly corn dogs which I thought were good but nothing amazing.  We'll probably try Heist again in another month or two.
2	I'm going to say this in the nicest way possible. Heist needs to step up their game. I have been there twice: once for dinner and once as part of an event. I won't deny that the food is pretty tasty. I really enjoyed the Gnome salad and veggie flatbread that we had for dinner. The tuna appetizer was less impressive but still good. The second time back we tried the beer cheese & pretzels which also fell squarely in the OK category. There is no nice way to say that for a brewery, particularly one within walking distance of 2 other breweries, at least 3 other restaurants that specialize in craft beer, and a bottle shop, Heist's beer just isn't that good. Over dinner we tried that full range of what they had on which amounted to 2 full flights. The oatmeal stout and double IPA were the only 2 that caught my attention.The service was not bad but to host a beer event and only have one ill-prepared bartender serving upwards of 50 people is asking for trouble. All in all, there is a lot of potential in Heist, but CLT is not the town to rest on potential in the brewery industry.
5	We've been here twice. The first time it had only been open about 2 weeks and was really good, the second time was about a week ago and was awesome. I'll be focusing on the second trip because we were able to try more items off the menu.We sat at the bar in the back while waiting for a table. While we were waiting we ordered the squiggle nutz which come in a chocolate dipped bacon covered waffle cone* and chicken and waffles* to start. I also had an oatmeal stout which I thought was very good. It reminded me of Left Hand Milk stout more than any oatmeal stouts I can think of but it may be because the nitrogen smoothes it out so much and most oatmeal stouts I've had were from bottles.Once we were seated we ordered Torched Diablos, Steak and Papaya Martini, Beer Cheese*, Bruschetta Pizza and a couple of burgers. All were very good. I especially liked the beer cheese which was a little thinner than I expected but, that could have been partially because it was somewhere around eleventy billion degrees when delivered to the table. Even after a hot pockets level burn to the roof of my mouth I enjoyed it. I also had a dubbel and red ale with dinner which I thought were also pretty good.So, there's my review. Now please don't go here because I plan to go back a lot and I don't like waiting for tables. *Warning: there may also be angel tears or crack in these dishes because holy shit they were really really good. Please avoid if you have angel tear or crack allergies.
4	Last night we had a fine dinner and a couple of cold ones.  Heist Brewery is definitely doing something right.  The parking is ample which is not always the case in the NoDa area.  The ambience is casual, comfortable with friendly, attentive wait staff.  We tried the lamb tomahawks, caesar salad and crab 'burger'.  All items were top notch.  The lamb was tasty, but the blueberry mustard a bit too sweet for my palate.  The grilled romaine was outstanding and many thanks for not overdressing the salad.  The big hit was the crab.  Delicious, fresh bun, crab cake and a roasted tomato that actually had some flavor to it.  How do you do that when they are out of season?  Bravo.  For the beers, we tried the Brown Porter, Nut Brown Ale and the I2PA.  Hmm.  The Nut Brown Ale was a bit watery, the Brown Porter was good, but the I2PA was the best of the three.  I will watch with interest to see if they are able to improve on their beer lineup.  This place has a lot going for it.  I will definitely come back.
3	We're glad to have you, Heist! Anything making this city start to compete with our beloved neighbor, Ashvegas, I am totally for.I don't know  how your food is and look forward to trying it, but I did meander in a few months ago and have some brews and they were OK. Perhaps I thought based on your awesome interior, decor, and easy parking that you were going to be like NoDa Brewing but even better. But I think this is a case of you focusing on too much to do anything super great. Beer and food - a beautiful relationship, no? But each needs to be an individual. And even beers, while so related, need to stand on their own, but on my flight there was only a red ale that stood out. The others tasted like the same base week with a drop of flavoring in them. 3 beers with fruit? Come on, I can barely drink OJ so I'm not trying to have Peach in my Hefeweizen. 9 total beers to choose from? Why don't you just try 3 and make them amazing and have 1 additional as a trial batch? Seems like you could really make something great if you focused and whittled down your variety!As I said, looking forward to trying the food. Perhaps the brews will have totally changed in the 2 months since I've been too? I hope so!
4	Hmm, reading some of the reviews, I disagree with opinions on the beer. I thought the beer was really good. I agree that the food is a bit pricy and small, but delicious and interesting. The burgers are awesome. The decor is great as well. They do tend to be "Reservation Nazis", I have seen 50+ empty seats with reserved signs that stayed reserved for 45 minutes plus, some never filled at all. I never knew empty tables were profitable.
4	WOW!  Every time I come here I am impressed.  The location is easy to find right on North Davidson and has a huge parking lot that wraps around the side of the building.  The decor is barn wood and industry-chic.  The bar area is spacious and has tables as well as seats at the bar.  The bar itself is stacked with everything in case you are with a non-beer drinking friend.  The beer selection is huge compared to other breweries nearby.  There is something for everyone - I looove the IP2A.  Very smooth and still high ABV.  You can try a flight tho if you aren't sure what you would like.The food is what really sets this brewery apart.  You can peak into the kitchen off the bar and see the chefs busily preparing orders.  Each menu item comes out of the kitchen as if it were a work of art!  I have personally had several items including various flatbreads and the pretzels with cheese sauce.  All of it fantastic.  The service has always been stellar whether you are in the bar or seated at a table.  There is a small patio out back too all set for summer time.  Love it here!
3	The best I can say about this place is "meh." I've been keeping up with their progress on Facebook since about midway through the construction, but I just  visited for the first time tonight (1/11/13). I wanted to give it a stellar review, but... It was a Friday night and there was a waiting list for a table (about 30 min. at around 10p ET), which was no big deal. We sat at the bar just inside the door while waiting and had a Stout (Good, but not great) and a Nut Brown (we enjoyed that one more). We got a table within about 15-20 min. right by the open-air kitchen (with wood-burning oven). First, we ordered the Waffles & Chicken app. I won't say it was cold...it just wasn't WARM. The taste was a nice mix of sweet and savory, but it was a little pricey ($9). Next up were the wings (again, not cold, but certainly not hot temperature-wise). The flavor was good and they had nice charbroil marks...they just weren't warm. We ordered a beer sampler (5 beers) and the Porter. The wife enjoyed the Porter, but most of the beers on the sample (two Hefeweizens, etc.) didn't knock me out.The Good? The atmosphere was great, and the Pimento Cheese Flatbread Pizza was VERY tasty. Several of the beers were good as well, including the Nut Brown, the Stout and the Porter (I like the darker beers).Our server was good. She had a good attitude and sense of humor and checked on us pretty often. I'll likely give it another shot, but hopefully the (admittedly tasty) food will actually be WARM.
4	Tonight was our first Heist experience. Love the ambiance. Someone mentioned in an earlier review that there's a plenty of space. Seems like they've consciously decided to keep it roomy, which I appreciate.  The food? Surprisingly good for a brewery and served in modest portions. At first, I wondered if I was going to leave hungry, but that wasn't the case. The bruschetta flatbread I ordered was the perfect size (well, that and the tastes I took of a tablemate's rosemary infused tater tots). As we waited for our food, we enjoyed the red beer. As we drank, we noted some tasty plates passing us on the way to other tables and found ourselves remarking, "Hey, where was THAT on the menu?" Needless to say, we are coming back to try those other items, as we enjoyed the first choices very much.
3	Interior and atmosphere are really nice and the food tasted good. But the service was spotty with our waiter disappearing for long stretches.  Also the food portions were pretty small, even by tapas standards. You would need 3 of them per person to be full and I don't even have a really big appetite. Beer was OK but a little underwhelming. I would meet people there for a beer again, but not for dinner. If you want small plate food, go to Good Food on Montford or even Dandelion Market before coming here.
3	Hello friends,  Since its a lot of great reviews I'll give you the skinny on My trip & the New info. After about 5 minutes of looking like we may be in the wrong place, finally "Lisa" came by to take orders. Finally !!!Ordered a flight only thing I could say is that the "light" seemed flat. I've had them at other places but it seemed flat. **** (3rd time) Sunday Brunch 11-3pm Every Sunday. $15 -Buffet$10 -Bottomless Mimosas$3   -Craft Bloody Mary's $3   -Seasonal Pint of the DayKids under 10 eat for $6
4	I've read and heard mixed reviews of Heist Brewery, so I was not quite sure what to expect.  My diagnosis: I'm a fan!  First, the atmosphere - the place is great for eating or just hanging out with a really nice vibe.  Second, the drinks. Although I cannot attest to the beer,  as I am not a beer-drinker, the cocktails were delicious. They were tasty, flavorful and unique. Lastly, the food.  I ordered the crab burger and was pleasantly surprised.  The crab burger at Heist was massive and yummy. I think the small portions comments will really depend on what you give.  Some of the appetizers are going to be very small; however, the burgers are huge and come with a side. I do have a complaint - I am not a HUGE fan of the 'tater tots,' I appreciate the attempt to put a homemade twist on an old classic, but either the potato insides need to be more cooked, or the outside needs to be a little crispier. Bottom Line:  I think this is a great place for groups, hangouts and grabbing a bite -- probably not the best for an intimate date- but other than that, I got no complaints!
5	Has this brewery team pulled off the ultimate Heist?? Absolutely.  I visited Heist last weekend and was thoroughly impressed by their welcoming staff, creative food, and delicious beers.  This place is truly a one-of-a-kind brewpub.  Well done George...I mean Kurt.
4	It's hard to believe they are as new as they are because they seem to have a firm hold of who they are.  Everything flows and contributes to the loungey cool, made with love atmosphere.  The employees are fantastic and passionate about what they do, from the homemade sodas, beers, and fancy delicious foods.  I have to admit, none of the beers were too impressive, but I'm hoping they'll get better with time.  I know they are a "brewery", but what I really love is the food and the people.  That's what will keep me coming back.  Kind of like how I never buy pancakes at IHOP but love everything else lol.
1	If you think this place has good beer, you shouldn't judge beer ever again!This place is horrible IMO. The food was bland and unappealing. Had a burger and tater tots which was one of my least favorite meals in recent history. Tried several beers which were equally unimpressive. I wouldn't go back and wouldn't recommend to anyone. Only thing I liked about this place was the atmosphere/decor. Cliff notes: bad food, bad beer, decent atmosphere.
4	When Huxley recommended we go to Heist on Friday night, I was less than enthusiastic. We'd just finished watching the most recent episode of Girls, so Hux was really overwrought with placid angst and sexual energy. "Oh, come on," she said. "Don't be a downer. I wanna go out and make it a night." She said the word 'night' in that heavily inflected way of hers that lets me know with a drop of her eyes and the angle of her chin that this 'night' could involve anything. I envisioned my girl all tweaked and wild and sweaty, possibly in some condition of undress, and most likely getting me at some point punched in the nose. "Okay, I'm in."We sashayed into Heist like c-list movie stars. When Hux fires up, she really comes out: ankle-boot wedge heels, tight black leggings climbing shear up her fecund thighs, some oversized top strewn sloppily about her soft long torso, and all that hair there playin' round her shoulders like the gods in the box of the heathers in the vale. Heist is a brew-hall, for sure. It's a brew-ha-ha. It's a gorgeous dungeon of a bar, replete with heavy wood that anchors all around you and seals you in, lavish lights and golden ornamentation, harsh acoustics lapping the same dull roar back and back on you like succeeding waves. In an instant, I sank into it. In an instant, I needed a beer. "This is me," I said to Hux, eyes alight with glitter and glean. "How did I not know?" She rubbed one tiny hand into my shoulder and led me forward through the room. We ended up spending most of the evening at the downstairs bar. We elbowed and angled our way up to the black marble, visions aglance to all the beautiful people wilting and undulating all about, forearms crossed, eyes squinting to note the options on the little white drink placard before us. There were no clever names or silly mix-breeds here. This was beer, labeled as it is, stripped down, honest, and pure. "I'll have the IPA," I heard myself say seven or eight times in a row. Some blond bird, a real horrorshow display of pixie sexiness at its most unbreakable, was shoving her face full of chicken wings at the opposite corner of the bar. As I watched her unabashedly suckle honey glaze from each twiggy fingertip, a comely waitress sauntered by, wooden slats of flatbread pizzas in each hand, and the aroma drifted hot behind her in a trail like savory smoke. I slung back my first drink fast and deep, then gestured in the blond pixie's direction with my chin. Hux glanced her way, narrowed her eyes, processed, and then her face softened into a lurid glare. "God, I love this place," I said to her. "Get me drunk," she replied. Our man, our bartender man, was a handsome grizzly of a bloke, bald head, exquisitely manicured beard, dark and throaty, barrel-chested like a viking king. Women approached him like giddy schoolgirls. He had this way of shaking their hands, where he'd clasp each of theirs in one of his and bow and shiver in a little curtsy, and dear god those girls just ate it all up. Hell, so did I. This ravishing songstress scampered by, raven-haired and goddess tall and all lean up and down and beneath and below the shimmering strands of her flapper gown. She met another girl, almost equal in design, and they alit in a white-hot embrace. They turned to me. "Can you take our picture?" they asked. "I'll take all your pictures." They kissed cheeks and kicked knees high and tilted their heads and flung their curls and I captured it all, each gesture, each wildly waving hand, down forever in a digital frame. "Are you lovers?" I asked. "No, we just met."I felt Hux grab my cheeks, hard and tight, her thumb and forefinger crushing my mouth in against my lower teeth. She twisted my face to meet her own. "What are you doing?" she said. "Making new friends." The two girls laughed and flashed out their neon bomb smiles and they grabbed Hux and hugged her and complimented her hair. "What are you drinking?" she asked them. "Anything," they replied.Hux turned to me, lips apout, cheeks high and fiery. "Buy them drinks," she commanded. After a few Oatmeal Stouts and Red Ales and way too many perfectly-formed novelty martinis, we and our two new friends were all exactly where we needed to be. Heist is a place to get drunk. It's a place that makes you get drunk; it forces you to. It pulls it over on you. I grabbed Hux deep around the waist, snatched her in, foul breath expelling hot between our faces. "I get it," I said to her in a leer, "Heist... it steals us." Hux rolled into my shoulder and purred furious at my chest. "You're silly," she mumbled into my sweater. I stood there, my girl in my arms, drunk in my veins, blood in my heart, and all this noise and racket of lust and love pounding full and through me. I looked up to see the beautiful barrel of a bartender watching us and grinning. I nodded to him. "What's your name, man?" I asked."I'm Stefan.""Stefan," I said. "Thank you, sir. I have a feeling we'll be seeing you again soon."
5	Met some friends here and shared a few dishes. The pimento cheese flatbread is amazing. My husband and I can't wait to go back and work our way through the menu.
5	You had me at Brewery...I like the warehouse-lodge-loft feel thingy they got going on.  There's plenty of high-top tables in the main eating area. Tables are a little wobbly tho.  If the high-top tables aren't your style, they have a decent amount of bar space at each of their two bars (there's another bar in the back). There are just enough flat screens (4-6) with the games and ESPN news on that you're definitely NOT stepping into a sports black-hole.The one time I went here, I got one of their burgers - The Brewmaster BBQ burger.  If heaven had a taste, it would would taste like this Brewmaster BBQ burger.  The bacon, the onions, the gooey pepper-jack cheese - Magnific! I ordered it medium-rare, and it was cooked perfectly.  The tots were amazing as well - very crunchy, tasted made to order.  The burger alone has me wanting to come back to Heist - def worth the $9 it cost.   No review would be complete without mention of the beers.  I mean its a brewery, so that have everything any beer lover could ask ask for from IPAs, to Ales, to Oatmeals.  Its all up to you and your taste, but I am a fan of the Red Ale. Heist is gonna be here to stay folks.  The food's good.  The beer's good. The service is good.  They have their own parking lot.  NODA just stepped its game up - Heist, NODA thanks you.  Keep it up and I'll be back.
5	The brunch buffet is amazing, offering variety of well cooked dishes to choose from.
3	I think the hype over this place had set my expectations a bit too high. I went last night for dinner and as I had eaten their for lunch previously, the service was SLOW. After ordering my second beer, it took seriously all of 10-15 minutes to actually get it. I assume our server forget about ringing the beers in because another server eventually dropped them off to us at our table. For dinner we ordered the Mazone Flatbread (with lots of italian meats and cheese), the Pretzels with Beer Cheese and the Chicken and Waffles sushi. The flatbread was tasty but in hind sight I think I would like to try a different flatbread instead. The pretzels and beer cheese were super salty and the cheese was pretty heavy. So with that combination, I wasn't impressed. The weirdest of them all was the chicken and waffles sushi roll. It came plated on a river of syrup as well as topped with a creamy white sauce. I think the dish would have been OK if it weren't for that white sauce. I actually wouldn't suggest ordering this dish. It was so strange and the flavors just didn't seem to go together.I did try the Nutella and Banana Egg Rolls for dessert and those were pretty good but the portion size was TINY. They were like 3 baby churros served with marscapone cheese. I probably wouldn't order those again either.So all in all, nothing jumped out at me for my first dinner experience at Heist. Maybe I just picked ALL of the wrong things to try but I guess I won't know until I come back and try other things on the menu... which I'm sure I will eventually.
4	Crazy Sexy Cool.  Visited Heist after a concert at the close by Neighborhood Theatre and had a smattering of their shared plates and beer sampling among a group of four of us.  Their sample is great!  You can get five beers of your choice for $6, and for someone like me, that's plenty enough!  I am girly when it comes to drinks so I enjoy the more fruity than hoppy or dark beers so their raspberry porter and strawberry blonde varieties were right up my alley.  The server gave us the awesome suggestion to mix the two, yum!Their tapas style food was perfect for picking at and eating while chatting with friends.  Their waffles & chicken sushi was delish!  The service was really great and we were able to get seats quickly and attentively on a Saturday night.  We'll definitely be back!
5	In Charlotte for the first time in a while over Thanksgiving 2012 with family.  Had The Mazone flatbread pizza: fantastic meats and blend of cheeses, a little pricy but a very good appetizer.  The oven roasted beer cheese with handmade pretzels is absolutely amazing.  I actually stopped by here a second time before leaving town to have this appetizer a second time.  The Jerk Chicken sandwich was spectacular, especially for the price.  The sandwich was cheaper than either of the appetizers, but the smoked bacon ciabatta, with sun dried tomato pesto, and jerk seasoned chicken made one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.
4	I'm falling in love with Heist... The food that I've had (spinach artichoke dip with tomato-spinach flatbread, chicken and waffles sushi, beer pretzels, japanese wings) has always been solid... I tried a beer cocktail since they're the only place doing them (in the area, from what I've heard) and it was pretty good... I've enjoyed the beers here from the Hefeweizen to the Dubbel, but I tried the Nut Brown recently and it was a little flat at the end... Other than that, It's been a consistently awesome experience... Just like my favorite server Andrew's mustache. :)
4	I went to this place last Sunday for brunch, and of course my favorite thing is the $10 bottomless mimosas special. They have a good brunch buffet, with a variety of food. I ate from baked brie, mushroom quiche (not my favorite, it was cold and didn't taste very good), the pizza flatbread with salmon was delicious, I also liked the cheese grits, eggs, bacon, sausage, biscuits, they had some kind of sausage gravy that was good, and I better not forget to mention the amazing chocolate cover strawberries (I love them) and a lot of other things. After all that food, incredibly I still had room to eat some waffles. I like mine with strawberry syrup but they had some other options there. I didn't get to try the omelets, but I will make sure to do so next time. So the food was very good for $15 brunch buffet and the service was also very good. Our waitress was on top of things and very friendly. We didn't have to wait at all for a table but then again we were there a lil early, right before noon. If you find yourself in the NODA area on a Sunday morning, make sure to stop by and stuff your face with a lot of food and don't forget the mimosas =)
2	Genuinely surprised at all the good reviews on here, after telling friends and fam about my verbal review I wanted to make it official on Yelp. The beer was awful, I had been told by many people on the beer culture of Charlotte that it was but I had to find out for myself. I have a deep rooted love for Noda Brewery, Birdsong and a high respect for Triple C and Old Meck, and Heist's beer makes our town's brewers look bad. Food was good, tasty, and impressive, but I got only four of the Parmesan Garlic Tator Tots. Note to owners, no one who orders Tots wants only four, regardless of quality. I rarely write negative reviews, so here is more good: service, top notch. Decor, lovely. Sorry, back to negative: pricey, a bit pretentious and how do you screw up a red ale? I'm a homebrewer, that style might as well be training wheels! I'd go back if I were with work people who didnt like beer and were paying for the food. Otherwise, I'm getting a better burger at Jack Beagles down the street with a better beer to boot, then going to Noda brewery for the real draft.
5	Good beer, better food! Great food menu with great variety of options! This is definitely not your normal pub grub! Pork belly corn dogs were a delicious spin on a great classic! Beers are good but noda and birdsong give them a better run for their money as best breweries in Clt!
4	I have heard and read so much about this place and finally got the opportunity to try it out this past Saturday.  I am really glad I got the chance.  It has a lot of really good things going for it.The atmosphere was pretty loud as you would expect on a Saturday evening at a place that serves its own beer.  The design of the place was really cool, casual, and trendy.  I really liked the exposed brick and the light fixtures made of old jars.  We were seated at a table right across from the kitchen so we got to watch the cooks prepare the dishes which was pretty interesting.  The waitress was extremely pleasant but it was easy to tell that she was overwhelmed.  I'm not sure if they were short-staffed on this particular evening or what, but there were long periods of time when we didn't see her.  On a less busy night, she would have been great.Although all that other stuff was important, the main reasons we came here were the food and the beer.  There were so many creative small plate options on the menu that we really struggled to pick just one.  We went with the chicken and waffles sushi.  I had no idea what this thing was going to look like; but when the plate came out and I saw it, it all made perfect sense.  It was basically five thin waffles wrapped around fried chicken pieces with gravy on top, laying in a pool of syrup.  It was pretty much amazing.  I also ordered the jerk chicken flatbread which was really good as well.  The one thing I will point out with this particular flatbread is that I expected the chicken to be similar to Jamaican jerk chicken with the spicy sauce and whatnot (as the name would suggest), but it was just normal grilled chicken.  Still, it was really good. And finally, the beer.  There were about ten different types.  I had 5 of them (no I'm not an alcoholic, I ordered a flight which is a 5 beer sampler).  They all were distinct and really good.  The types varied from a porter to a light lager.  Frankly, it's hard to beat fresh-brewed draft beer.  There were also growlers for sale for those interested in taking some home for later.Ultimately, this is a really good place with a cool atmosphere, unique dishes, and good beer.  I was really happy to try it and will definitely be back!
4	I went for a yelp cocktails event, and enjoyed it!  It is great to have a brewery with a full cocktail thing going on.  I tried their Manhattan, and although a little sweet for my taste, it was well crafted.  Heist is a very cool space, will definitely try it again for food - the snacks they shared during the event were tasty, and there were several interesting things on the menu.
3	So our first visit here happened to be for Sunday brunch. It would be a  good idea to get here early because the wait can be an hour or more. Buffet is $15 and we could not say no to bottomless mimosas for $10. The food was arranged nicely, but it would help to have some/the items labeled. Belgian waffles were delicious. The flavor is lightly sweet and airy. Me likey :). The omelet station is on point, plus they offer egg whites. :) The bread pudding was a hit on the first round, but the next batch seemed rushed/too soggy. Not a lot of variety, but it is tasty and you leave satisfied. We plan to return and try their other menu items as the regular menu is available at 5p on Sundays.
4	I really like this place for drinks since they not only brew their own beer (which the fella likes), but they also have wine and a full bar for those of us non-beer drinkers.  The food is always creative, inventive and tasty, and the atmosphere is lively, but cozy.  I finally got to try their Sunday brunch buffet ($15), which starts at 11:00 a.m.  Don't be fooled by the 11:30 listing on their website/Facebook page.  When we got there at 10:59, we were about the 20th people in line!  Get there early and be prepared to wait in line for the buffet, but it'll be worth it.  Today's line up was flatbread pizza, fruit compote with brie, sausage, bacon, eggs, Eggs Over Baghdad, muffins, cobblers, oysters, crawfish, an omelet station and a waffle station with just about the best waffle I've ever had.  The brunch is leisurely enough that we were still there at noon when the bartenders rang the bell letting you know it was time for alcohol sales!  The waiters come around a little before noon to take orders so they're delivering the drinks right at noon, which I appreciate.  Our bottomless mimosas ($10) were served in tall, skinny shot glasses, and they really never did stop coming.If my stomach can ever hold out til 11 a.m. again, this'll be the place I hit!
5	Fun, Funky place. Great food, a good signature drink is the Moscow Mule/Texan Mule. Relaxed atmosphere with a good feel, nice servers.
4	5 star for the food, 2 star for the beer.  I had a few pints with friends: the stout, the peach hefe, and the porter.  I normally don't change beers like that if I find one I like.  They were not memorable.The food on the other hand...I went Saturday for lunch and had the flatbread salad.  Amazing.  I also went back the following day for Sunday brunch.  I got there at 11:45 am and wasn't seated until around 12:30.  Once seated I hit the buffet and made up for lost time.  The oysters were good.  The corned beef was good.  I like nutmeg in mine, but still good.  They also have a waffle bar.  What I loved the most though are their biscuits.  Maybe they just taste like butter, but they tasted like heaven to me.I'd recommend going right at 11:30 (but alcohol service can't start until noon on Sunday) or after 1:00 pm since it seemed to clear out a bit after I left.
4	I went to dinner last night at Heist Brewery with a friend who had been raving about the decor and the environment of this restaurant. I was pleasantly surprised the place was full with a lot of energy nice decor, it has a large warehouse loft feel with a lot of the walls covered with recycled wood pieces. The service was good with plenty of interesting presentation with their food. I wasn't able to get a larger sampling of the menu, but this one is a keeper.
4	Full bar, good food, TVs, beer brewed in house.  It all sounds pretty good to me.  They could use more signage from the road.  If you're a first timer you might drive right by thinking it's an animal hospital.  Once you settle in though, it offers a great atmosphere for gathering with friends.  There is an upper level loft type seating area and there are two different dining areas on the main level in addition to bar seating.  The service could've been a little better but it was pretty on point given the type of venue.  I will definitely be back.
4	Wow, talk about a total surprise.For the most part, I tend to think of breweries as strictly beer, not food. However, this place is the total exception. The atmosphere is great. Very open and inviting and has a fun warehouse feel to it. We sat down and were immediately given menus for both food and drink. The drinks were good. Nothing that really stood out but still good beer that I would go back and try again (and try some of the other kinds as well). However, the food was phenomenal. They go outside the box (soup in test tubes) and have incredible flat breads. The only bummer we ran into is that they don't serve all of their menu items during lunch, which meant I didn't get to try the shrimp and cotton candy skewers (which had been hyped up to me). Can't wait to come back to Charlotte so i can try entirely different things (especially the cotton candy)!
4	Brunch is brunch is brunch, right?  WRONG.  I'd heard many a great thing about Heist's Sunday brunch, but figured it couldn't be as special as everyone was making it out to be.  I expected to find the eggs, bacon, pastries, and fruit spread that is so standard at most restaurant brunches.  And yes, Heist does offer these items at its brunch buffet, but you would be doing yourself a disservice if that was all you ate.Roasted ham, beets, and carrots; egg salad; pastry wrapped brie and blueberries; homemade donuts; biscuits and gravy; vegetable stuffed quiche; marshmellow topped sweet potato/pumpkin casserole; omelettes; and of course the meringue-topped chocolate chip waffles!  I don't even like waffles but you had better believe I'm going back to Heist this Sunday for another waffle...or two!My only criticism is that they don't serve those tasty parmesean rosemary tots during brunch (or maybe they do and I just didn't ask).  Looks like I'll just have to go back for lunch or dinner to sample some more of those.  Oh, woe is me!
4	I'm from Miami and the thought of eating Chicken and Waffles never seemed appealing to me, then I went to Heist. Not only is the place huge so I have never had to wait to be seated, I like that, but the beer selection, great decor, and food make HB even better. Not only do I have to get the chicken and waffles every time I go but now their Sunday Brunch might have become my favorite thing to do at 11am on Sundays. Their ridiculously impressive all you can eat brunch for only $15 is an amazing deal. They have make your own waffles, omelets, and a bunch of other amazing dishes to offer. Definitely a place to check out if you haven't yet.
5	great food and good atmosphere!
5	WOW! First visit...definitely not our last. Great atmosphere!!! Creative menu and friendly service! We loved the pork belly corn dogs, the Maibock Brew and of course the banana eggrolls. Next time I probably wont repeat the Little People Tacos or the Steak Papaya Martini.
3	Great food, extremely mediocre beer.The three stars is a reflection of the food.  If I were rating the beer alone, I would have rated 1-2 star, and if on the food alone, 4-5 stars.We sampled quite a few dishes:  The chicken&waffle sushi, the forked up tuna, the pork belly corn dogs, the torched diablos, and the jerk mango chipotle wings.  All of the dishes were excellent and beautifully presented.  The forked-up tuna was the star of these in my opinion.The beer on the other hand was very uninspired.  I tried a flight of 5 beers (stout, brown porter, red, pale ale and the maibock) plus a pint of the Hefeweizen.  All were very bland, flat and lacked flavor across the board.  I would rate the brown porter as the best of the worst, but I would not recommend any of them.  Service was very friendly and attentive.  Shame the beer was the lone negative point.
4	We checked out Heist on a Monday for happy hour...needless to say we had our pick of seats but even better we were able to take advantage of their Mug Night in which they upgraded the size of our beverage. Four big icy cold mugs of  craft beer for $20- not too shabby! I for one like fruity and hoppy beers so this place had a good selection of enjoyable libation. I tried a sip of their double IPA (IP2A) which was great, but I went with their award winning peach hefeweizen (though honestly lacked peach), and their strawberry blonde which was super refreshing and a good summer sipper. Overall though I still prefer Noda and Birdsongs's beers a tad bit more....but still it's all good craft beer when it comes down to it. The service was very friendly & efficient and the atmosphere was great. This is a really nice/spacious brewery. I will return to try their brunch which I hear great things about!
5	Came for the Sunday Brunch and holy cow, it was amazing. I really don't understand how I haven't been here yet. It was a person who eats a ton dream. We got there right before 11:30am, which seemed to be the perfect time to get there.....got there right before the crowds starting getting there. We had a party of 5 and we were seated immediately. Our waitress Sarah, was awesome....loved her. I was amazed by the amount of food options available at the buffet. They also had an omelette and waffle station (boy, was those waffles to die for). They are definitely about presentation when it comes to their food. They did an amazing job with that. The brunch is $15 and definitely a good bang for your buck. They also had $3 Bloody Mary's that were also phenomenal. Read reviews about how poor their beer selection is.....I didn't have beer during my visit, so I can't speak on that portion of it. I'm loving this place and I will for sure be back soon. Keep doing what you do..........
4	Went two times in a week period. This last visit had the BBQ burger and it was amazing... juicy, sloppy, tasty goodness... I got it with a side of the cuke and mater salad... it was sweet more than tart, good but kind of an odd flavor with the sweetness. I finished about 1/2 the burger and a good 3-4 napkins. Everybody else who was trying to eat 'healthy' were very jealous. Instead of beer I ordered a 'dark and stormy' which was good and strong.. one was enough for me. This place has an interesting menu, would definately go back to try a few more items on there. The beer cheese dip is a must.
5	We have been to Heist a few times and always had a great experience, which is why we decided to have our engagement party here and it turned out to be a great choice! Prior to our engagement party the event planner, Paula, was extremely helpful, offering us various pricing and location options to match exactly what we were looking for. Once we arrived the staff was very attentive, the atmosphere was welcoming and, as always, the food and beer were both enjoyable and delicious! We will definitely go back and I would recommend Heist to anyone who appreciates great food and craft beer!
4	Went back a couple more times since my first try and I can elaborate more on the food. We tried a flatbread that was pretty standard the first time and then went back for their $15 Sunday brunch (which goes till 3pm). While everyone was extraordinarily friendly, I would go early as we went at 2:30 and everything tasted a little old & cold. I will say however that despite not tasting the best you could tell at one time it would have been delicious. My favorites of the day were the grits (some of the best I've had), the Belgian waffles ...awesome and made Fresh for you- huge plus in my case, and rum soaked pineapple with mascarpone. For those who like mimosa's they run an unlimited deal for only $10-not too shabby at all.  Suggestions - Better Quality OJ, and some fresher-lighter fare options. Everything was very heavy. Even the oysters had a decadent cream sauce. I would have loved just some simply dressed fresh veggies or even a light summer salad to break it up a little.  The buffet only gets a 2.5/5 but I think that really is because we came too late in the game. I wish they had kept rotating a bit more frequently, but I get that logistics hampers things a bit. I would give it another chance.
3	They're managed to greatly improve the beer they brew onsite, but they are still sub-par when compared to other Charlotte breweries.  My original review gave them a 2/5, but I've upped it to a 3/5 based on their improved beer.
5	Heist maaaaaay have just knocked Toast down to my second favorite brunch spot. Went last weekend for their Sunday brunch ($15 all you can eat), and it was amazing. They had a great variety of food available (not just run-of-the-mill breakfast items), set up buffet style. Sometimes when I'm hungry and hungover, the act of choosing/ordering is overwhelming- enter Heist. Genius! The only downside...word is out so you'll have a wait but its totally worth it!Oh and I love their dinner menu/vibe as well- can't really go wrong with this place!
4	I came here on my bday for my first visit! Didn't know what to expect, but was pleasantly surprise by the atmosphere. I loved it! I really enjoyed everything we ordered. Some of the flavors are a little different but it worked! My favs were the chicken & waffles and the jerk chicken flatbread. The beer cheese was tasty too. Next time I go I want to try the Himalayan shrimp sticks as someone recommended those. The one thing that didn't meet my expectation was the black cherry soda. I was really excited to try one of their homeade sodas but it wasn't great.  Overall I really like this place & will be back soon!
4	Stopped by for brunch today.  Taking the advice of yelpers, I got there as early as I could (11:15).  I noticed when I was seated that the restaurant was approx 30% full already.  I was seated quickly in the front bar area.On the service tip, it did take a few minutes for my waitress to show up to explain things for me and take my drink order.  After placing my order, she directed me to the Library Room where the buffet was set up.  As you enter the room, the bar directly in front of you is home to the waffle station, the omelet station, and the self-serve juices.  To your right will be the buffet.With the exception of the eggs, everything I had off of the buffet was fantastic.  I had a couple pieces of flatbread, some eggs, grits, biscuits & gravy, potatoes, and the piece de resistance, merengue waffles.  What was on the buffet that I didn't try: warm brie, two other types of flatbread, sausage, bacon, penne & sausage, rum-soaked pineapple, veggie quiche, hummus, orange-oreo cheesecake, muffins, and bread pudding.As I mentioned, the eggs were the only disappointing item on the buffet.  Everything else I had was top-notch.  OJ and what appeared to apple juice are included in the cost of the buffet.Later in the morning, the line for the buffet wrapped around the room to the omelet station.  Yet another reason why you want to get there early.This was my first visit to Heist and I loved it!  Can't wait to come back during the week and try some other items on the menu!
2	Def has a traditional German hall feelWe each got flights, and let me just say I really wanted to like this placeThe only one I really liked was the red aleI found the hefeweizen flat/minerally and off tasting---perhaps its the water they use? There was no clove or banana esters at all, very disappointingWheats and Belgians are my favorite so I really thought I would enjoy their beers but alas they were not ---the saving grace was the delicious, freshly baked (slightly over salted) pretzelSeems like they have a rotating selection so maybe there will be more good beers from them, I love the concept of the idea/ambience/aesthetics I just wish the beers mirrored that ideal
4	Beer fans lower your expectations now. Heist brewery brews too many beers, all of them ranging somewhere between forgettable to bland and flat. Most beers range from 3 - 4.9% abv with a lack of carbonation to match. All of them have the poetry and depth of dictionary entry for the word "hefeweizen".Ideally a nano-brewery like this could be adventurous and brew with ingredients and experimentation that would be unfeasible or unsafe at larger scale. I think the fact that none of their beers were "bad" is testament to how forgettably safe they are. It's cool that they made a beer for the miller fan, smart, but the other 8 beers, I don't see who they are for.So we go for dinner after we are done drinking great beer at Birdsong and Noda.On to the four stars. ...Food is great! Experimental, adventurous, inventive, everything the beer isn't the food is!My only food complaint is the tables and wood plates are  very awkwardly shaped and sometimes too small for the portion of food, a wonderful juicy burger literally drips off the plank down the tilted table and onto my lap. I am a fan of experiment but there is something to be said for convention in that instance.
4	Beautiful space, awesome staff. I come here for the Duck Quesadilla, Beer Cheese, and of course, Stefan's phenomenal cocktails.
2	They have good beer; it's overpriced, but good. Food is booty, as in not good.
4	Did a Noda brewery bar crawl one day with friends....and started at Heist for lunch and drinks. We got the duck flatbread with root beer BBQ sauce and the pork belly corn dogs. Both were super savory. The pork belly in the corn dogs was nice and juicy...combo that with one of their great beers and you are a happy person. My friend got some of the chicken wings, which were ok, didn't get much meat from them. Tried a sampler of beers. My favorites were the hefeweizen and the amber ale. Next time I go I want to try some of the specialty cocktails. Nice atmosphere on the inside, but get there a little early because the place fills up fast. We also came to heist for the roaming dinner Relish Carolina and got some awesome cocktails from the bar manager who was super friendly and creative with his drinks. Definitely will be back again!
4	I've been to the Heist Brewery three times now and have brought others from Chicago.  Everyone liked the place- but they liked it for the food.I think the food is good.  My wife and I like the wings and the tater tots.  I could seriously eat about 30 in one sitting if I were allowed.  The tots are really good.  I've had nearly everything on the appetizer menu and have been thrilled with almost all of it.The beer, well for a brewery, the beer just isn't all that great.  I've tried a couple of flights of beers on different trips.  Both have been disappointments.  I drink it because I'm at a brewery, so its what you're supposed to do but they aren't all that good.  The Heist offers sodas that they brew as well.  My wife tried the orange soda- average at best.The atmosphere is cool though and each time.  The service has been great each time as well.I'm happy with the food.  I'm disappointed with the lack of flavor in the beer.  Its a neat place though in a cool neighborhood.
4	Heist is a vast vision of a restaurant for the NoDa area. It's not JUST a brewery, despite the sneaky little name. There are a couple of other breweries that are only breweries just down the road. And they do a great job of brewing beer.But Heist is not just a bar. There are some bar staples...and a Charlotte must-have: pretzels and beer cheese. Chef Rob is also pulling out all the stops with adventurous menu items like shrimp and lemon-wasabi cotton candy, compressed watermelon, flatbreads with key ingredients like duck and veal cheek. It's not your run of the mill brewpub, ok?Because Heist is so high profile and newer than some of the other breweries, there appear to be mixed reviews in terms of the beer. I defy you to spend 5 minutes with the brewer, Zach, and come away anything but baptized into the Heist beer family. I'm a fan of the I2PA, but I recently had a Hefe that I didn't hate. That's a miracle for me.I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the cocktail menu. That's one place where Heist shows up every other brewery-style restaurant I've experienced. Their bar staff are on point, friendly and always whipping up flavorful, inventive creations straight from the brilliant mind of award-winning mixologist, Stefan Huebner.Recently, the Mr and I ventured in for brunch, since we had heard good things. It was around 1pm on a Sunday, and we were ravenous. My appreciation for the buffet-style offerings are as follows: vegetarian options galore, waffle and omelette station, bread pudding, fresh fruit, etc. At only $15, it's a Charlotte brunch bargain. We opted for a carafe of sangria and were very pleased with our choice. Just what the doctor ordered on a Sunday after church.Also of note, the interior is really easy on the eyes. Very creatively broken up into spaces that make it feel at once cozy and austere. You really just must experience it.
4	Not only does this place have a great beer selection, it very well may be the best Sunday brunch in Charlotte.
5	Best brunch in Charlotte!
1	I wanted to like this place.Went on a Wednesday night in summer, around 8 for dinner.  Just three of us. We walked in to ask for a seat on the deck, was told 'no problem, just sit anywhere'.  So we did. 10 minutes later the server arrives. 3 beers and a water. About 10 minutes later for the beers. Another 10 minutes for the water, which I found extremely odd as you don't need to wait for the bar staff to pour a glass of water. Finally get our order in about 30 minutes after being seated. My table mates finished their beers but no sign of our waitress. After about 20 minutes from when we gave our order, my friend gets up to search out some beverages. While inside he finds our waitress who tells him that they ran out of one of the entrees we ordered. 20 minutes AFTER we ordered. To recap till just now: we've been there for close to an hour, have been served one beverage and had to seek out the waitress to find out they were out of something we ordered 20 minutes ago. The waitress very half heartedly apologizes and says she'll ask the kitchen to rush a second burger. Rushing the cooking of meat is not something I'd usually hear a restaurant say they'd do. Another 10-15 minutes for the first two entrees to be brought out. Another 10 for the last one. To their credit the burger was good. The rosemary tater tots were fried in too low heat, they were greasy, not crispy. But I can't get over the terrible service and will not be back. There are too many good restaurants in Charlotte and especially in NoDa to settle on this level of service.  It shouldn't take two hours plus hours for burgers and beers.Tip to the server: don't keep your patrons waiting for beer and be upfront on what's been sold out (it should not take 20 minutes for that info to reach the customer!). Not being proactive on either account is just unprofessional.
2	The only heist here is what happens to your wallet.01 // The "beer" is watered down.02 // This place is more a restaurant than brewery. Not my kind of restaurant at that. Go somewhere else first.03 // Expect high prices and little portions of food.04 // You can't just "sit at the bar." They want to serve you at a table like a restaurant.
4	I went to Heist for dinner and beer a few months ago.  I really wanted to be a fan of Heist since it is in my hood, but dinner was nothing special.  In fact, it wasn't good.  The food left a lot to be desired, and the beer was just gross.HOWEVER....the brunch here is AMAZING!! The food is so unique and flavorful.  It's buffet style, and there are lots of options to include a waffle bar.  I've been three times, and usually I don't even eat any other meal during the day after this super satisfying feast.  The coffee is ok.  I had to drink my coffee out of a beer glass which was kind of weird but the coffee still made it to the party.
4	My husband and I like trying new breweries when we are traveling, so we decided to try Heist Brewery when we were in Charlotte today.We were the first people in the restaurant when they opened at 11:30 AM and were seated immediately. Our server brought us waters and we decided to order a flight of beers from their list of about 12 beers. The flight was reasonably priced, with 5 generous pours for $6. The beers that we tried were: I2PA, peach hefeweizen, Belgian tripel, maibock and a stout. Personally, I liked the peach hefe and the maibock (my favorite). I thought the stout was too dry. I really did not care for the Belgian tripel and I am normally a big fan of Belgian style beers. I did not try the IPA personally, but my husband said it was his favorite. After our flight, I ordered a peach hefe in a pint and my husband ordered the pale ale. He liked the pale as well. So overall, the beers were a little hit or miss, but the hits were good ones!We also ordered lunch. I ordered the pressed cheese sandwich with the rosemary tater tots. The sandwich was a warm pimento cheese sandwich topped with sweet pickles. It was served on jalapeno-bacon focaccia bread. The sandwich was fantastic. It was surprisingly spicy and the flavor of the bread added a lot to the sandwich. My husband ordered the Italian sandwich. He also was a big fan of his sandwich. All of the breads here are homemade, and it showed. The tots were good, but not outstanding and the portion size was small (four tots each).Our server was very friendly and attentive and the space itself is very cool. It is a fun industrial setting with a large bar and plenty of seating. The interesting food menu definitely has a lot of potential!We will return the next time we are in Charlotte!
1	Yow! This was barely edible!We have had Heist on our list for months and finally felt hungry when we were on that side of town.  What a tremendous let down!Service: Wasn't great, in fact it was nearly non existent. Atmosphere: fantastic! We sat right by the brewing area and had a big table to ourselves.  The restaurant was dead aside from one other table. Menu: Their offerings sounded really interesting but I don't eat any beef or pork and there weren't any options to substitute chicken for beef on any entrees.  Their vegetarian menu items sounded typical and uninteresting so those were immediately taken off my radar. Food: Bland! Chicken and Waffle sushi tasted like nothing.  Chicken was insanely dry, waffles tasted like nothing, the syrup was nonexistent.  A bland overcooked nightmare.  Our jerk chicken flatbread pizza tasted like saltine crackers with burned chicken and a smattering of roasted red peppers.  I was super thankful we decided to only order a couple of things to try instead if going for a dull meal.  After this overworked, under flavored sampling we had to drown our sorrows at Amelie's.PS-We also thought for the quality of food the prices were ridiculous.  Gotta pay for the building somehow but...Jesus!
4	A brewery that also serves wine and mixed drinks ranked high with me before I even entered the front door.  And speaking of the entrance, wow!  The bar resembles a type of sparkling, intoxicating altar!  Beautiful layout for a brewery.  We sat in the dining area and noted that the stools at the table were hard, small and uncomfortable.  But, never fear, because we were able to exchange them for padded chairs with backs.  Our server was friendly,and he gently offered helpful suggestions.  My husband ordered the stout, which was good, but a little light compared to other stouts.  I had a Cabernet Sauvignon, which was just fine with me.  We shared the spinach artichoke dip with flat bread and a flat bread pizza with garlic, tomatoes, basil and a fig-balsamic vinegar reduction.  The spinach-artichoke dip was creamy and had a nice cheese crust.  The fig-balsamic reduction had a slight sweetness to it, but not overly so.  Looking forward to returning!
5	I had heard from friends that a new-ish brewery in NoDa--Heist--had an amazing brunch deal for $15 brunch buffet and $10 bottomless mimosas. That's right. Unlimited champagne and orange juice heaven.I knew there would be a wait so we decided to show up early to try to get space. I told everyone else to meet up at 12:00PM because in North Carolina you CAN'T SERVE ALCOHOL until noon on Sundays. Before noon is God's time, and then it can be booze time the rest of the day.It turns out for a table of 20 people, you're going to have to wait over 2 hours. I noticed for others coming in with 2-6 people, it was taking anywhere between 30 minutes-1 hour so that's not too bad.But the wait was so worth it.Our waiter had a mustache--typical NoDa.The food--oh my gosh--the food. The whole back bar area is food buffets that include breakfast foods like eggs, sausage, and bacon, but also rum-soaked pineapple, flatbread breakfast pizza and more. The lunch stations had BBQ chicken legs, amazing mashed potatoes, & steak & veggie kebobs. Let's not forget the oyster bar [which I heard was good but I couldn't bring myself to try] and a waffle bar which was heaven on a plate.And yes, they kept those mimosas flowing for us the whole time. Six mimosas later, I definitely felt like I got way more than my $10 worth. Adrienne got the bloody mary, and ay caramba, my taste of it was delicious. I didn't even know I liked bloody marys until I tried this one.As a side note--I've also been here for late night drinks. Their beer cocktails are phenomenal [beer with liquor, liquer, or other mix-ins], and I've heard their late night small plates are even better, although we didn't try them.To round it out: I love the building, I love this brewery, and I love this brunch.
3	This is a restaurant that also makes beer not a brewery that serves food. First impression was a very industrial look. We went on a Sunday after brunch so the menu was not all available due to the change over from brunch. No big deal we got a flat bread and some beer cheese dip. Both were very good and plenty for two people. Our waitress was very attentive and nice. On to the beer, we both got a flight to try as many of the beers as we could. We have been to all the other breweries in town and were hopeful this would measure up to those. Not even close! All of the beers tasted like they had been watered down. This place has been around a year give or take a few months so I would think they would have  a few beers coming out perfect by now. But that is not the case, the hefeweizen was light with hardly any banana, the peach hefe was the same but with a hint of peach. The stout was ok but again weak in flavor. The double iPa was more like a regular iPa usually a double will be a little sweeter than an iPa but with a malt flavor not just hops. The amber tasted like water I think it might of just been water and red food coloring.So after the beer I would say go for the food but just skip the beer.
5	Beautiful building, ridiculous food and houses one of Charlotte's best bartenders. Killer trio right there. You know you're doing something right when you talk to people about this place and each one of them has a different must-try fav on the menu.I've never had a meal that I didn't like. My top three favorites: the Duck Flatbread (root beer bbq should be illegal it's so darn good), Chicken & Waffle Sushi, and the Brew Master BBQ Burger. I'm not one who goes to a restuarant and orders a burger... but when I do it's that one.On top of the wide selection of handcrafted beers and craft cocktails, Heist also makes homemade sodas and floats. Heist also offers a fantastic brunch buffet on Sundays. The spread is insane. There is a different featured protein each week. This can range anywhere from fried catfish to bacon wrapped meatloaf. They also have a waffle station, oyster bar, flat breads, fruit, frittatas... the list goes on and on. Stefan Huebner makes a killer homemade bloody mary mix, but I'm a slave to the $10 bottomless mimosas.If you want to hit up brunch: go EARLY. Heist fills up quickly. If there's a wait, go ahead and grab a drink at the bar. The wait is well worth it.Cheers to a a great first year Heist. I'll see you at the anniversary party on the 24th.
1	In case you do not want to read my dissertation of my experience, it was the worst customer service I have ever had at any type of restaurant. My boyfriend and I have wanted to try this place out for awhile and last night we finally had a chance to go with three other friends. We arrived around 7:30pm and were sat immediately. It was a little busy but dying down in the section we were sat in It took a little while for the waitress to come over but once she did, she took our drink order and we probably waited 10 minutes to get it. At that point, two of our friends arrived. She told them she would give them a moment to look over the menu and then get their drink order. About 15 minutes later she shows back up. Our friends had just gone to the bar to get a beer because they were tired of waiting. I gave her the benefit of the doubt and said I understand things get busy sometimes when she apologized which would be the first of at least 5 apologizes. We placed an appetizer order of wings, pork belly corn dogs and the shrimp with cotton candy wasabi (which were really good). One appetizer took a total of 40 minutes to come out (and yes we asked if the order was put in to nicely say "hey this is unreal how long this is taking". Our other friend showed up and here is where I'm surprised we didn't ask for a manager. Our friend mentioned a type of beer she likes and the waitress rolled her eyes and said we only serve our beer. Our friend said she understood that but likes X type of beer and of that what is the name of the beer here? Our other friend pointed it out and the waitress stepped back from the table crossed her arms and rolled her eyes and got an attitude when taking the drink order. A table next to us left because the waitress NEVER came over and greeted them. She probably had four tables in her section so there is no excuse for her inability to do her job. I could go on forever about the poor service but the kicker was once we placed our dinner order it took close to a little over an hour and my food (4 cheese flatbread) came out once everyone was almost done eating. She never checked on us after the food was delivered and we had to flag someone down to check on my food. When we asked her about why my food was taking so long, she said "Well, if you read the menu it says food will be brought out as it's made" with an attitude. Rude!!The food was good but I will be recommending to all of my friends to NEVER go here. I do suggest the manager take more time training their floor staff and make a presence on the floor. There were red flags all over the place of poor service and unacceptable behavior.
4	First off, $10 bottomless mimosas for Sunday brunch, uhh yeah I'll certainly give it a shot? I'll admit this was my very first heist experience, not just with brunch, but in general. Luckily one of the people in the group that I went with was familiar with the rundown. Because if there's one thing I'd hold against them, it'd be their service. The waitress was nice enough. Although before our knowledgable friend arrived we were quite confused on how things worked. The service told us to just go down stairs after she took our drink order. Before we were able to inquire about what that meant she was gone. We found out from our friend that it was a brunch buffet. Everything made sense! Upon hearing this though we were all rather skeptical. My doubts started to wain once I saw the selection that was before me. They had everything from potatoes, to mussels, to eggs Benedict, bacon, to waffles, pizza, tarts, & even a cook to order omelette station! At $15 it's actually quite a steal if you plate wisely. Added delight was the delicious stone ground cheese grits! I will definitely be back for this brunch, & look forward to trying their dinner.
4	Amazing brunch and lunch. If you're going for brunch-come hungry. The waffles are amazing. Service was alright-but they were super crowded so it wasn't big problem. Next time we'll go after 12 to enjoy the bottomless mimosas!  Pretty quiet at lunch time--tater tots are great. Decent prices for a good lunch.
4	The pipe smoked salmon is absolutely delicious. The fish and rosemary tots were also wonderful.
1	AMAZING food. ATROCIOUS service. I've been to Heist a few times and keep coming back for the amazing dishes and fun atmosphere. A group and myself went last night for a friend's birthday and waited THREE hours total for our meal. Our waitress, while sweet, was overwhelmed and not present. We waiting 45 min for a water refill and one couple waited an extra 30 min for their dish while everyone else ate. I tend not to complain, simply because I am in the hospitality business and I know that much of it is out of the servers hands... However it got so bad that we decided to seek a manager. We waited another 20 for the manager to show up and were told, "we are a tapas style restaurant so that's just how it is." We were also given gift cards... How much is our time worth you ask? It is apparently worth FIVE DOLLARS. What a joke. She couldn't have cared less and I am not sure I will go back even the food is fun and delicious!! Customer service and a simple apology would have gone a long way.
3	While I can appreciate the goal here, I fear it falls short.  We arrived on a Sunday morning around 11 to make sure we had a good seat for the 1p football game.  The brunch was the only available menu so we did have it, however it seemed as though it had been our for hours.  The eggs tasted like an egg substitute, the bacon was flimsy fatty, and the biscuits were rock solid.  The waffles, on the other hand, were excellent.  We had friends arrive at 1:15 and all were disappointed that the only food available during gametime was breakfast.  For a brewery not to have bar food during football was just awkward.  We will definitely be back for other food at other times and will update accordingly.  It's a great neighborhood so hopefully it won't disappoint!
4	Sunday brunch is as wonderful as it is popular. Heist has a variety of food available with fresh made bread in a really large wood burning oven. The atmosphere is popular and relax; definitely a fun place to enjoy yourself and your friends.
4	After finding the correct door to enter Heist, we entered and were quickly impressed by the decor  with the wooden covered walls,  large pieces of artwork, glass enclosed brewery, and live edge wooden tables.I wasn't there for food - although I may have to go back for it. I tasted the Strawberry Blonde beer and would only give it 3 out of 5 stars.  It had a very red color but it was missing something.  They had a good selection of beers as well as home made sodas.
5	Got here early in time for the beginning of their "Not so small batch" beer release (apparently every Monday) which is awesome since we were able to interact with bartender (BTW Maggie is great! Made us out-of-town visitors feel right at home) and hang out. Great atmosphere, great beer craftsmanship and service!Well played, Charlotte! When we are in town, we will be back!
3	Oh how I want to really like this place but I just can't seem to bring myself to do it. Stopped in this week for a bite to eat with the wife. I will say this , they do know how to present food well. I ordered the much recommended Brew Master BBQ Burger w/ the homemade tots. Wow, did it look good! That's where it stopped. Now, I've read that they make the buns in house but I just wasn't impressed at all. First, the bun was cold, not room temperature, but cold. Someone else described the buns as dense and dry, that pretty much summed it up. In addition, it was just a messy burger. Lots of BBQ sauce which tasted great but just got everywhere. I didn't even finish the burger. A rarity for me. I also wasn't impressed with the homemade tots. Even though they had a nice exterior crunch, the potatoes on the inside still tasted, well, very potatoey. Not sure if that is even a word. I've got to say, looking at the menu and seeing what other patrons were eating, it appears there are some great things to try. I still haven't found a beer that blows me away yet. I tried the Red #7 this time and it was good. I'm not rushing back tomorrow but I'll eventually get back over there to experience a few more food items and some brews.
2	What can I say about Heist... The food is pretty good,  and if you can ever get seated you might even get to decide that for yourself. 2 out of the 3 times I've been here I've left with an empty stomach.  This place has a ton of potential however it's managed by a team of young hipsters that more than less likely are working to pay for their liberal arts degrees.   You would think that people destined to work at Starbucks would be able to manage people better.. Unfortunately that kind of greatness can't be expected overnight and apparently everyone here is still learning the in's and out 's of serving and restaurant management.  Dont worry young space cadets,  you'll get there.  Also,  good luck figuring out which door to enter.. I won't divulge those juicy details in this review... Some things are better experienced first hand. On a side note,  the beer (the reason you come to a brewery)  is decent. The bloody mary's were crap (really... Who doesn't use Zing Zing?). Enjoy!
2	The food is good and rather creative but unfortunately that's the best of it. Of the four local NoDa breweries Heist has the worst beer.  The service is rather terrible as well.  I went yesterday with a large party to have some drinks and watch the World Series but the bartender was rude and too lazy to change the channel for us although they had the same football game on 4 tvs.  I asked to speak to the manager from a polite waitress and after waiting for more than ten minutes we left.  So if you're looking for mediocre beer, bad service, and some good food this is your place.
3	Great food.
4	Way hip and cool. I recently visited Heist to cheer on my favorite bartenders in CLT at the William Grant & Sons Best Bartender Competition and what I found was a very cool spot for some good food!I must admit, I'm not much of a beer drinker but I'm certainly a food eater! And the Kurobuta Pork Belly Corndogs are innovative and fun! They were very tasty too! Be prepared - it's a VERY RICH bite of food. We also had the Duck Quesadilla - which was great! The ambiance and the service was great. We'll be back!
5	Wonderful.  We both had the Brewmaster Burger with rrosemary tater tots - wow!  I think it may have been the best burger I've ever had, and those tater tots are NOT what you get from the grocery store!  For a beer, I chose the I2PA and I thought it was excellent.  And on top of that, the service was just great.
4	I have been to Heist for drinks. I have been for their innovative dinner fare. You should go for their Sunday brunch. Mega brunch. Its a buffet with plenty of made to order options and orange juice is included. $16 gets you the traditional, savory and sweet choices - ammmmazing grits, some kind of extra special pineapple and plenty of more lunchy choices too. Its divine.
4	Came here for Sunday brunch, I was impressed with their unique selections in the brunch buffet. Also unlimited mimosas for $10 so can't go wrong there. Our waitress was great too, she never let us run out of drinks!
4	As strange as it may sound, we come here for the rosemary tater tots. Don't get me wrong, the beer is solid, too. It is, after all, a brewery. But the tater tots are crave-inducing!
2	I've been to Heist on 3 separate occasions, twice for Live Music and once for the Lyft party, and each time I've left unimpressed.  The beer selection is ok, but every beer I've had has been pretty weak and boring.  The service in the dining area was slow and our waitress did not seem very happy to be there.  The back (or front?) bar area with live music this last time was a lot of fun, though, and we had excellent service from the bartender.  The Light Lager was still very bland.
2	Upon my visit to Heist Brewery, I expected a casual vibe as it is in NoDa.  I was wrong.  Everyone was in a hurry and there was a 45min. wait.  This isn't a problem especially on a Saturday night for this area. No, what was the problem was the elitist attitude from the staff.     Upon asking for the beer list ,which gave no description, the waitress seemed like she had much better things to do.  The beer was ok, nothing to praise but my problem was mostly with the food.   I ordered the Bacon Cheese Burger plain and well-done (call me crazy but I don't like a side of E.Coli with my meat) and the Rosemary Tots.  My friends ordered the 4 Cheese Flatbread pizza.  Naturally, my burger came to the table medium and had a ton of the toppings that I didn't want.  From what I ate, it was ok but the Tots were just shredded lumps of fried cheese with very little "tot".  On the other hand, the Pizza which was delicious at the time, was a fried thin crisp of cheese.   After about 1.5hrs. the mood went from a bustling restaurant to a dance club.  The DJ started blasting the house music so loud that it literally cleared the place.All in all, from the snootiness of the staff to the overpriced food, I probably wont' be back unless it's to drink only and even then.....there's better places
5	Where do I begin?! I love this brewery and what it has to offer.  They brew their own beer and soda and have such a fun and brilliant menu.  Beer cocktails are my new fav, one has coated bacon and sriacha!  Yummy!   Anytime I go to refill my growler with one of their new batches I am always greeted with a beaming smile from Maggie, the am bartender who is the sweetest thing since their new $7.04 lunch menu which has an amazing selection that represents our local araa code!!
5	Hands down the best brunch in the city. It has become my go to place for bringing visitors to town on Sunday mornings.
4	This place is cool! It feels like you're in a copper factory or mill of some sort. Unique decor and art style. Their beer selection is great and if you're a fan of cocktails, they have a good selection of those too that are served in some unique glass wear. The food is only okay.This place is great for a gathering or after work night cap!
3	We paid this place a visit for the first time this weekend.  It is large and the service great.  I had a cocktail that I thought was quite delicious...which was surprising for a brewery (my husband is the beer drinker and I am not).  And while the food was maybe a solid 3.5 stars, I really appreciated having some vegetarian options!  I really liked the mediterranean salad flatbread, but thought the pretzel appetizer could use some tweaking.  Overall, I would go back if someone wanted to go there, but probably wouldn't go back on my own.
4	I can write an ode to Heist Brewery and their Sunday Brunch. A big projector plays the Sunday NFL games, along with a variety of TVs. With $10 bottomless mimosas and a $16 all you can eat buffet, where can you go wrong? Aside from having traditional breakfast options like biscuits and gravy, eggs, and pancakes, Heist takes it a step further. They offer grilled pizzas, wings, an assortment of desserts, and twists on traditional breakfast options. The Butterfinger French Toast and Rum Soaked Grilled Pineapple are unreal. Stefan the Bartender is a master mixologist. This place is a must go!
3	It took a while for anyone to acknowledge our presence at the hostess stand, even though it was not a busy night.  Once someone said hello, it only took a few minutes to get seated.The food was good.  The best were the pork belly corn dogs, which were a delicious spin on the classic.  The meat was super tender and the surrounding batter was crispy.  The pimento flatbread pizza came in second.  It had a spicy kick!  We wanted to order the shrimp stix, but the cotton machine was broken.  We settled on the salmon, which was good, but nothing special.  It was also kind of messy to share.  The 3x sliders came in last because they were so charred to the point of burnt.  I couldn't finish my slider because most of it was too burnt to eat.  We finished the meal with the caramelized banana eggrolls.  They were pretty small and not very filling.Service was good, but lacking because they ran out of clean plates and our food came out before our plates...so we were sitting trying to split the flatbread pizza between 3 people without any plates.  We also had to flag our server down to get drink refills.Luckily the drinks kept our spirits bright!  The Tito's Mule was definitely refreshing, especially when it was unseasonably warm for December in Charlotte.
5	Such a cool spot. Awesome atmosphere. Brunch is amazing. Great staff. They really go out of their way to make sure your experience at Heist is fantastic. The decor is really on point. They have a cozy upstairs lounge with couches and two open rooms for dining. An absolute highlight of Charlotte and a most go to if you are in the Noda area. Try the lobster Mac and cheese. So good!
3	This brewery is nice looking and spacious inside. There are at least three distinct seating areas inside the brewery and a patio outside. Additionally, there are a few high tables near the kitchen that are a little awkward (unfortunately where we sat).We had the opportunity to try a couple of drinks while waiting for our table, Texas Mule and Blueberry Lager. The Texas Mule is made with Tito's and Heist's very own ginger beer. I enjoyed it quite a bit, albeit served in a glass mug in place of the traditional copper. The blueberry lager was a bit too sweet for me - but I could see it being a big hit in the summer.For eats, we sampled the sliders, bruschetta flatbread, duck quesadillas. The flatbread was hands down the best, with a nice balsamic glaze. The sliders turned out pretty soggy and difficult to eat, and the quesadillas are great in concept but lacked filling and taste (lots of tortilla). The waitstaff was super attentive and personable all the way around. Really great job given how busy the place was that night.For sports fans, there is a large projection TV and plenty of viewing options. I would recommend Heist as a place to watch the games.
4	Great spot. Good beer. Better food. The pour on the beer flights is generous, which is awesome. Love the decor and the feel of the place. It isn't really set up for sipping and socializing (standing), which was a drawback for me, since I was only there for a beer with friends and family, not a meal.
3	I gave Heist 3 stars, not because of the beer but rather the food. The beer was average at best, most of the samples I tried were either too sweet for my taste or watered down. The brunch buffet is amazing and really the best thing about this place. It has all you can eat brunch dishes from basic eggs to steamed oysters and grilled salmon. Check out the brunch buffet, but for good drafts look elsewhere.
4	Awesome food and beer! Really enjoyed the potbelly burger, very flavorful. Also, have to get the tator tots- homemade. Also, pretzel sticks are good as an appetizer.Beer is good, cool staff, and great atmosphere!
3	I was only in town for one evening, and this greatly limited my options. It seems that Charlotte has had a ton of new brewpubs open up within the past five years. The only issue to me, however, was that nearly none of them were open past 9:00 pm on a Tuesday night. So I headed to Heist Brewery, pretty much the only one in town that is.I found the space to be quite lovely. Despite a nondescript exterior in an industrial part of town, the interior had been done-up quite nicely with great light fixtures, beautiful bars, a ton of space and a pretty high-class feel. The only issue I had was with the floor in the main seating area, which wasn't leveled during finishing causing the high-top tables and chairs to wobble on a consistent basis.While I found the place to be nicely classy, I found the food to be overly so, to the point of being pretentious. I do not need any of my food to be served in test tubes (the bisque) or on top of a flat rock (torched diablos). What's more, the small plates are exorbitantly priced, typically costing about a dollar per bite.Take, for example, the tater tots. Even if they are the best tater tots in the world (they're not), I still think a side order of them should come with more than four morsels of food.On the other hand, the burger I shared with my fiance was fairly priced at $9 and quite delicious. A blend of smoked brisket and porterhouse tail is an awesome idea, and putting bacon and caramelized onions on top is always a good idea. So I have mixed feelings about the menu. While some options are pleasantly priced and inventive, much of it goes overboard.I wish they'd take some of that culinary inventiveness and apply it to their brewing. Every option I tried was tired and boring. Some of them were very bland, while a couple of them were quaffable. Perhaps the brewery just has some growing up to do, or needs a bit more practice. But whatever the reason, I was not impressed by the beer in the least.On a final note, the service was a bit much at times. While attention is nice, dropping by the table every five minutes becomes annoying at some point, as does terrible jokes and lame descriptions of the beer. While I give an A for effort, again, the execution just isn't quite there.
4	We started out here on an afternoon brewery spree in the NoDa area. They had a pretty cool food menu. You should know, the cheeseburger is actually a cheeseburger flavored pizza on flatbread, despite the server saying this to our several group members that ordered it that was on flatbread, everyone still thought it would be like a panini.  I had the BBQ burger and it was awesome. Tater tots are rosemary and parmesan flavored and were pretty interesting as well. Someone also got the Reuben which I liked as well, but the BBQ burger was the best order on our table. The beers here are all good, most are fairly light. I liked the dubbel the most, but the hefeweizen and blueberry blonde were also very good. The flights are a good deal here: five 4oz samples for $6 I think. They also make a lot of their own sodas which we were able to sample and they were all great too! They make floats!  The venue was really cool, really open warehouse-sized dining room with lots of TVs and see-through panes into the brewing area. They were brewing when we were in and the whole place smelled really-malty which was cool.  Our server was very helpful and patient with my larger group, with several ordering flights.
5	My friends and I decided to try Heist Brewery this past Sunday for brunch. Upon arriving around 11:20, I was told a wait for 6 would be about 30 minutes. No problem, definitely expected this as I've heard that their brunch is a big deal. I was pleasantly surprised when our table was ready in about 7 minutes. Our server Amanda was great, very personable and quick with our bottomless mimosa refills. The brunch buffet was delicious! The grits were creamy and seasoned perfectly, the gravy was fantastic and I definitely can't forget mentioning the grilled rum soaked pineapple- out of this world. While most buffet items were labeled, there were a few that were not and I wasn't for sure what they were. I have been to Heist before and sampled their brews, which have always been good. I stuck with the bubbly on Sunday, but had a few friends who tried their beer say that they were flat... Probably a simple carbonation problem. All in all, a fantastic experience. Definitely planning another trip there this Sunday!
3	This is a review for their Sunday buffet.I'm really torn.  The food was quite good, but there was one overwhelming theme (there were 7 of us and we all agreed).....the food was stone cold.  Seriously.  The waffles were delicious even cold, they are by request so you have to wait for them to be brought out to your table from the kitchen.  You'd think items direct from the kitchen would be hot!  Ditto with the omelettes.  You select your toppings and give the card to the waiter...he brought back one of my dining partners a stone cold omelette.  Wtf?The buffet itself was really delicious, but NOTHING was hot.  They had most items just on platters - ie, NO chaffing dishes or anything to keep it warm.  Very disappointing.  Highlights:  the rum soaked pineapple and egg rolls.  See why i'm torn?
4	so i arrived here in Charlotte after driving up from Atlanta to see my Fiancee. so we decided to go to Heist as my Fiancee had been there for brunch which she thoroughly enjoyed. When we go there it was kind of early so the bar area was very very empty. We sat down at the bar and the bar tender Diego quickly got us menus and gave us the beer menu. I Decided to go with a flight so i could try a quick and dirty selection of there beers. We were also hungry we asked for a recommendation and were told to try the beer cheese. It was spicy and tasty and it came with homemade pretzel sticks.Apparently they have a baker come in every morning at 4am to make pretzels. we plowed through those and then i wanted to try the Bacon, it was a light tempura battered with jalapeno chunks. then they fried the bacon this may not be good for you but its awesome. So we finished our awesome snacks and then kept drinking tasty beers.In taking with the bartender apparently they do a lot of small batch stuff. So in talking to him further, he gave us a taste and it was a great new beer apparently they were actually going to be switching it to a production beer so that is awesome. it was light and very summery i could drink alot of it but the problem is 8.5 % so it will mess you up if you drink a lot. I got lucky as he had a few full pours left in the keg so i was able to enjoy that. We will definitely be returning i love beer and moving to NC from New England i need to find lots of breweries so i glad i found one so far.
5	I absolutely love this place! I call it the "classy" brewery. I have never had a drink there that I did not like and the staff are so cool. My favorite drink is their Black Fog (beer cocktail), it's dark and delicious. But the best thing about this place is the food, and the menu is impressive. This isn't your average giant pretzel and beer cheese menu, although I love a giant pretzel and you can get that here is well ;-). They have everything from lobster mac to duck flatbread. On my recent visit I had the Elderberry Seared Scallops on avocado mouse and Dust-banana Eggrolls for desert. The presentation was beautiful and the taste amazing. The atmosphere is very light and versitile perfect for a group of friends/coworkers or a stress free first date.
2	Pros:  cool building, nice view of the brewing equipmentCons:  beer is mediocre at best.. Tastes watered down, food is way overpriced, and the shrimp mousse appetizer thing is horrendous... I mean disgusting.  The chefs creations remind me of the crap I see on Gordon Ramsays kitchen nightmares where the chef gets excited with weird flavor combinations that don't jive... Plus bizarre glasses and food holders that are just annoying.  I will not return.  There's no value here.
4	I really enjoyed my brunch! We were in a decent size group with a small baby and they were great about accommodating us! Since it's a buffet it seems that table turnover is slower than a normal restaurant, but they were great about putting tables together and making it work. As for reviews that mentioned food not being served hot, I did not experience that at all. Everything that should have been in chaffing dishes was, and the staff was great about keeping all the food stocked. The buffet line can be long at times, but it really just depends on when you go up. The made to order omelette was a great option, though no one at my table ordered one. Overall great experience, and would be five stars if only North Carolina could serve alcohol before noon!
4	I had a surprise birthday beer bash here. They were so accommodating to set it up and reserved the entire upstairs "loft" for us. They even allowed me to bring a cake in.It was our first time here. Our waiter was a little slow initially, maybe he was overwhelmed, but he finally got on. The ball. We ordered several apps - all the flatbreads (bruschetta, cheeseburger, and duck) and the pretzel braids with cheese dip. Unfortunately the food was just ok. I'm not a big beer drinker, but I did enjoy the Blonde Ale I ordered. Several of the guys ordered a flight of beer, which they had to ask for as it wasn't on the menu. Then they could ordered a pint of the one they preferred. It was a fun party on a beautiful day! As we left, our waiter suggested we return for their brunch. This is actually what my friend said was spectacular, so we will definitely do that! I'd go back and enjoy a beer sometime but probably won't eat other than brunch!
3	Not bad, but not amazing either.Pros?-Can sit and watch the beer being made-Lovely duck quesadilla!-Quick service-Plenty of seatingCons?-Beer was a bit watery-Service could have been more friendly
1	I never had a beer at Heist that I liked.  Charlotte is full of great breweries. This is not one of them.  If you are thinking about going here for the beer please think again.  Plenty of much, much better places in NoDaFood is very good albeit overpriced.  Ambience is also plesant
4	I came here with my family for lunch one weekend and it was fantastic. They have an outdoor seating area which would have been wonderful if they had room for us! We sat inside right near the brewery area and we all sampled different kinds of beer which were all fantastic. Seriously, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. I had the bruschetta flatbread which was delicious. The fire roasted tomatoes were incredibly sweet and delicious and the balsamic was the perfect touch. Some other items that my family ordered were the fish tacos, bbq burger, chicken parmesan sandwich and the duck flatbread. All of them were very very happy. I can't wait to go back and sample something else on the menu!
2	Oh Heist, how disappointing the brunch has become. Success has spoiled you. We used to come often to brunch and loved all aspects of the meal, service and space.  Today the drinks were not good, thr food that was available was cold....all of it, and most of what we ate was mediocre. The first time through the line I heard the waitress tell the kitchen they were out of everything....literally. I hoped for a refill so tried a  second time through the line and  found none of the chafing dishes refilled. I came back with a chicken wing that although tasty, was served  sitting in a bowl of room temperature liquid, a limp piece of bacon and some strange tasting Brie and chocolate bar, and a cold tiny Shepard's pie. One of the best things about the brunch used to be the made to order waffles and omelets. I finally asked the waitress if they still had waffles and she said she bring some. We were served 2 small wedges and these too were served cold. After we finished eating I saw someone being served an omelet and realized this too was by request, but we were not told they were available. I've had comparable meals served at Denny's, minus the alcohol and mussels.
4	Came here for brunch and it was good.  They have a small buffet style serve yourself items,  desert and fruit bar, and some breakfast juices.   The real trick to brunch is to get the included custom made omelettes and waffles.   You fill out a form and they custom make your breakfast.   I got a omelette with hugs and snuggles ( I have no clue what it was) and it was good.Also, if you come here for brunch make sure you time it right so you can get the bottomless Mimosa's. They don't serve them before noon.
3	I finally got to try the brunch buffet here on a Sunday as I've heard a lot about it. It's definitely not your typical brunch because it's a crowded brewery and they have a varied assortment of flavorful flatbread with breakfast toppings and brie! They also have the main staples for brunch which I actually skipped most of because it didn't look as appetizing. The biscuits were just meh as well.Also, I skipped the beer here as the previous times I've been, they tasted water down. You know something is up when a review for a brewery starts with their more well-known brunch. I've seen a Heist rep responding to people's comments on how they've changed their beer recipes, so I guess I should try it out before passing judgement on the current beer.
2	Sunday brunch, is just average, nothing special. As for the selection I felt it lacked in variety...basic breakfast foods and flatbread pizzas. (Upstream set the bar high for brunch) the food wasn't cold but  could've been hotter. Previous reviews said the beer was watered down, it must be a theme w/their alcohol selections b/c the Bloody Mary was watered down as we'll, I'm not sure if it's the mix they used...have definitely had better.  The atmosphere is cool and it was packed, but just don't see what all the hype is about.
5	Been twice now.  Once for brunch and the other time dinner.  We been lucky with our timing cause the place gets packed.  Tried the San Diego beer and the UZL ... Very nice. I think this will be a spot to revisit again!
4	The menu had a lot of original items and the beer selection here was great. The Heist has a cool modern industrial design with enough retro throwbacks to make it unique. They have a lot of televisions so it seems like a good place to catch a game.
4	AWESOME aewsome flatbread pizza's! Came here as a stop on the walking foodtour of NoDa and Heist was EASILY my favorite stop of all.The owner is a young entrepreneur who hails from NH and has a great story to tell. He's a beer lover, good food lover and very passionate about his business. Everyone should love what they do THIS much! We tried some of their craft beer and house-made soda's - both delicious and unique. But what I loved most were the 3 kinds of flatbread's we got to try. I was surpsised that as a meat lover, my favorite pizza was actually vegetarian. Kale, cheese and PERFECTLY roasted tomatoes all on top of a crunchy yet hearty crust. OH SO GOOD. They also had a mac and cheese pizza that looked like it was a crowd pleaser. I would totally come back if I'm back in NC! Just a chill place to hang out with friends, drink some beer, eat some hearty food in a laid back but hip atmosphere.
2	It is unfathomable to me how a place full of dbag hipsters and the nouveau riche can manage to be so sh*tty and pretentious serving mediocre food and awful beer. Customer service is nonexistent here and the place routinely smells like vomit. Seriously, what is that smell??? Much be the stink of the attitudes. Have been here with friends twice for celebrations. Would never voluntarily return with SO many better options in the neighborhood. Ugh. Hope this deliberately trendy place crashes and burns and makes space for a real, quality brewery and not something thrown up with a ton of money to attract past-their-prime frat boys trying to act like they can stomach something other than Bud.
2	Seriously not impressed by the Heist Brewery brunch. Started off on the wrong foot because they didn't have anywhere for me to change my baby's diaper in the bathroom. I asked the manager where he'd like me to change him and he took me to a dirty office upstairs. Awkward. The waiter we had was terrible. We had a table of 8, so he must've known he was automatically getting an 18% tip and didn't care about giving us good service. The food was okay. The best thing was the waffle or the grilled pineapple.
5	I called ahead to let them know about all my food allergies . The manager assured me it would be no problem. We arrived and they called over the GM, who in turn gave my list of issues and let the chef work his magic.  Not only did the chef personally present my food, but he, the GM and the  owner all came by to check on me ( and the rest of the  table of course). The food was outstanding, creative, full flavored and artistically presented. It was gourmet and hands down the best restaurant mean I have had since being diagnosed with my food allergies a few years ago.   The others in my group had the ribs, wings, burger sliders and homemade tater tots with their beer flights. I had the Brevardian, a refreshing mixed drink. We will be back soon!
2	Came here on the strength of the generally positive reviews. The comments about staff friendliness, attentiveness as well as the variety and flavor of the beers is all true. Unfortunately so too are comments about the food. The hummus and goat cheese, cleverly presented in tubes was okay. The tofu steak I ordered was burnt. Prices are reasonable. Overall impression, if you are planning to come here for the beer, I think you will be pleased. If you're planning to dine there is the potential you will be disappointed.
4	Love the atmosphere and location of this brewery. Wish it had more of a patio but overall a great place to eat, drink, and hangout. The upstairs private area is great for a larger party on the weekend nights. Food selection is more tapas, and some weren't quite what was expected, but definitely some unique options to choose from. As a wheat beer drinker I couldn't find much I liked in terms of a draft, however I enjoyed their cocktails!
5	Having had lived in Portland, OR for most of my adult life, I have to say, this is some of the most adventurous AND tasty brewing I've come across. NW IPA's are my all-time favorite beers, and their DZL was hoppy, balanced, and delicious. Their Pistolo, an amber ale brewed with habanero, was neither too spicy nor too cloying, like some infused beers can be. It was balanced and delicious. SO delicious. And now let me start on the food. We had the shrimp and bleu cheese grits, freaking fabulous and balanced,  the brussel sprouts in the bubble (I don't remember the exact name) was BEYOND amazing, and the faux-b-q eggplant tacos were super yummy. After the fabulous drink and food, you add in the service and this place is a must stop for anybody living in, visiting, or within driving distance. Nick Walker, the bartender, and Curt (Kurt?), the owner actually engaged in great conversation with us and others there. We will be back. Tomorrow, actually. And if I ever visit here again, you can bet your ass I'll be in one of there seats. I think you should be, too. If you like craft beer and twisted eats, that is.
3	We loved the atmosphere for a large birthday party celebration with 14 people, however the kids' choices are extremely limited. The adult food was fabulous, but our kids had 2 choices & their chicken tenders came fried almost black! The cheese pizza was fine. We ordered more tarot tots to fill them & they came badly over fried also. Very disappointing. We have taken them to brunch on Sundays and they loved that. May not go back for dinner with children.
4	Heist is probably my favorite restaurant in NoDa.  Lots of good appetizers, like the pretzels and cheese, and a solid selection of beer and cocktails.  Ironically, I am lukewarm on craft beer, just saying craft beer kind of annoys me, but I still like this place.I even made it to this place for brunch one time, and it was really good.  I probably could have eaten 10 belgian waffles. The highlight in my opinion is their trivia night, though.  We just went a few Wednesday's ago and these 2 guys who MC'd it were awesome.  It wasn't regular trivia either, there was price is right and jeopardy games for the trivia, so it was a lot of variety.  It is definitely the best trivia I have been to in Charlotte.  I can't wait to go back again.The aesthetics and service was really good, too.  Not a huge fan of the NoDa area, but this place is great.
4	They fired their old brewer and fixed the old watery beer, Beer fans, give them a shot and try a flight.Beers are interesting, varied in style & *CARBONATED!* (If you knew the old heist brews you would know why such an obvious thing is noted in all caps.Overall there are well done beers on tap, to generalize they are light on hops overall and on the dry side which isn't a negative for me. After a flight of every beer on tap I would (and did) drink a pint of at least half of them, which is very good. They have frequently changing small batches which a nano-brewery absolutely should be exploring, and they are taking some chances making some experimental beers. All in all the beer has become what I expect of a microbrew gastropub, an interesting experience of beer. I'm excited to keep coming back for more beer, hopefully they keep on their toes and keep exploring and growing.I'm not a huge fan of the new tapas menu, it seems a bit limited and Heist's food was quite good before and Noda is already lacking enough places to get a full dinner. Though I could see this as a great place to get some apps and some beers while hanging out and getting a bunch of friends together, No longer a full dinner spot, still great environment to hang out with a bunch of friends.
5	My boyfriend and I decided to ditch our plans at an overly priced restaurant with a prix fixed menu that we weren't all that jazzed about to try Heist. Let me say we were both SO happy to go.He is the beer person and he said the beers were pretty good. He said sure NoDa's beers might be a little bit better but it is obvious how much emphasis is put on the food, which they don't have.  He had the Belgian Dubbel, the I2PA, and the Porter. All of which he enjoyed.I tried two cocktails: both were awesome. Their cocktails are about as creative as the food. I had the Paloma de Pama, which is a tequila drink with chipotle salt around the rim, and the Stowaway, which comes in a tiki cup with an umbrella. Both were great.Food-wise, we started with the 7-layer shots. Highly recommended, a very unique combination of flavors. We continued on to the duck flatbread, which was good but was probably my least favorite of the dishes we had. It has a very smoky taste. Then we had the steak and potatoes - YUM, you should try this. Last we ordered the salmon tacos, the salmon was sushi-grade so it almost tasted like tuna. Lastly, the banana eggrolls.The ambiance was awesome, our server was awesome, I would definitely recommend and I will definitely be back!!
5	Great set up.   Lots of space. Open floor plan.  Clean and packed.   This is a brewpub for sure.  I tried the heart if tartness. Papter tots.    Tryions table.  And   penny porter.   They were all solid beers but nothing really grabbed me.   Super nice bartenders.   Only tried the banana egg rolls but they were great.
3	Let me start by saying this review is from our visit in October 2013.  Our experience was just OK.  We sat on the patio and it took our server at least 15-20 minutes to greet us and get our drinks out.  They were out of the only stout they had leaving my husband disappointed and beer-less.  We sat on the patio, which was really nice... But we were swarmed with flies the entire time.  I had to keep my food covered with a napkin after each bite.  I realize it was outside and there's not much they can do about that, but it was like the Amityville Horror scene!  Not good.  Overall the food was good but a bit pricey for what I would expect at a brewery.  I had a beer flight but didn't really find any that I loved... Just ok.  I wouldn't go out of my way to go back...
4	I've been here a couple times so far and have loved it every time.  The restaurant itself is huge, trendy, and inviting.  Very comfortable.  There's also a glass wall where you can see the brewery in action while you eat and drink.  The staff is friendly and attentive.Let's talk about the beer.  I have had quite a few of their beers and have loved them all.  The most memorable for me were Dzl (IPA) and Cross Pollen Nation (stout).  The Duke of Ted (ESB) is also worth mentioning.The food has always been pretty awesome here, too.  They have a "Farm to Fork" menu which showcases local meats and produce including grass-fed beef that is also partially fed with Heist's spent grains.  The only downside, we ordered from the tapas-style menu the last time we were there and the portions were smaller than explained by the waiter.  It is quite understandable as it was tapas, but next time we will order more options to share.Come try a flight and some appetizers.  You'll love this place.
3	I came here with high expectations for their brunch. Sadly it was a let down. Allthe food (except for the pizza) was cold. Eggs were stale, biscuits had become hard. I tried a few iterations of food figuring I had just caught the tail end of a dish but no, fresh dish of jerk chicken ravioli which was lukewarm, dry ravioli and chicken. I also had to ask my waitress for sugar for my coffee.. And then a spoon when I found her again. Simple stuff like this can get annoying quickly.The staff in general seemed pretty overworked (other than what looked to be the manager/owner who just stood there). Really this experience deserves 2 stars but I bumped it up a notch for the amazing chicken and waffle pizza. If I come back I'll update my review.
3	Cool vibe inside - mostly high tops.  Cozy little patios would be nice in spring and fall for sure.  Lots of TVs and screens for sports. Beer is delicious.  It is nice that they have food, since most of the breweries in the area do not...But, the food is very heavy.  Everything we ordered was spicy and/or super rich.  Maybe we made the mistake of going to eat for lunch instead of dinner.  It was just a super heavy meal.
2	Great location. Good food.  TERRIBLE service.  Been here twice and both times staff standing around and  nobody being helped.  Sat for 8 min without anyone coming to table    Ordered beer that came from back even though sitting 3 ft from bar with bartender doing nothing.  App came same time as food.   28 minutes to get an app!  Seriously.  Also, they don't serve fries.  They have homemade tots which were interesting but undone.
4	The beers on tap are constantly changing, which I love!  The hummus/cheese combo appetizer comes in adorable little tubes (they look like tooth paste tubes).  The hummus/cheese and pretzel appetizer is my favorite thing on the menu. So good!  The staff is friendly and they will gladly change a channel for you.  They will even change it to women's basketball during a FIFA game...that is true customer service.  There are multiple tv'a so no need to worry about interrupting someone next to you or not being able to request the sporting event of your choice be aired.  I hate waiting to be seated and I have NEVER had to wait here!  I would suggest you give it a try.  Not the best place for a romantic date but if you're looking for a casual night this is a great option.
5	Delicous tap beers. Staff is frindly and fast. If your in the area you definetly need to stop by and check it out. Ordered their bbq burger and it was absoltely delicious
4	I was in Charlotte for an interview and after spending my morning getting interrogated with tough technical questions, I needed an afternoon drink (or 3) to get my good mood back. I'd bookmarked a handful of breweries but was bummed to find that none of them were open as early as I was ready to go tasting, so when I saw that Heist was open early AND had food, I headed straight over and found myself a seat at the bar.I didn't know much about their beer before arriving, but was delighted to discover that they do a great balanced Belgian. Louisa, my awesome bartender was happy to let me try a few things, recommend new options based on my preferences and even told me I made the perfect choice for lunch in going with the mac and cheese flatbread (carbs on carbs, you guys!). I tried most of what they had on tap and selected three different pints, my fave being the Out to Pasture. Nothing was two sweet and they did have an american style IPA on tap for those of you that prefer a hoppier beer. It was busier than I would have thought for Friday lunchtime, so good for them for being busy. If I ever find myself back in Charlotte I'll totally be back for more yummy beer, pretty good food and awesome service.
5	Stopped in because I have driven past this place several times. Delicious food, great beer, and a fun atmosphere!  I highly recommend the Fry Basket Ribs and Banana Eggrolls. Pure heaven!  We happened to be sitting next to Chef Rob and his family - fun people. We will be back and cannot wait to try the new menu additions coming soon.
3	Heist has never been on my radar, however, a friend had been before for lunch and he wanted to take me. We arrived shortly before 12 and was greeted with a friendly smile and seated outside. After our waitress arrived she expressed they were out of one beer, however, had two specials, which she described as bitter and the 2nd had some sort of cucumber thing. Okay, really? What type of cucumber drink, gin, vodka?? We asked for a few minutes so we could look over the menu. A few minutes turned into 10. We ordered the Cuban Sandwich, which I will say was great. Fresh bread, great pulled pork, ham, melted cheese with pickles and an amazing spicy mustard. We also ordered the bruschetta flatbread which was also good, however, a little burnt. Unfortunately our drinks were never refilled and we had to flag the hostess for our check. Either our waitress was preoccupied with inside tables, which I cannot imagine, or just didn't care too much about customer service. Food would get a four, but the service made me go with a three. I would love to give it another try, but not somewhere I would rush back tomorrow.
4	Awesome tapas style food. Had some really interesting fusion of traditional pub food and contemporary tapas. We ordered 6 dishes among 3 people which was just right for dinner. I really enjoyed the pork belly corn dogs and salmon belly tacos. There was a watermelon salad served in a plastic bubble which was cool to look at, but the conttrast between the sweet watermelon and vinaigrette didn't work out for me. There was a tater tots dish as well that I thought was good but too heavy for tapas. However, I do appreciate the attempt to try out these flavors.Also, the beer was amazing. The IPAs were $5-$6. Didn't get a chance to try anything else but given how often the tap changes I would love to go again.All in all, great food for tasting with even better tasting beer, with a clean indoor setup and plenty of outdoor seating.
3	We visited for the first time after recommendations from friends.  The place was just starting to get busy and by the time we left,  it was packed.   We were greeted and seated quickly (note:  lots of backless stools with high-top tables which I don't prefer); however,  we found a conventional table 4-2 by the door. We ordered the Lamb Balls and Lobster Mac.  Both were great with the lamb being the winner.   The lobster mac was left a little long under the grill and was almost burned,  and it had a watery vs. creamy base.   Overall, it's a neat place and is true to the vibe of NoDa.So why a low score?   Price.  Our tab with a $10 tip was $67 for two people.  One order of lamb balls,  one order of lobster mac,  one pint, and two glasses of house chardonnay--ouch! for a funky, neighborhood bar.  We asked for some bread to sop up the wonderful lamb sauce (so good).  Our waiter brought us four thin slices of toasted baguette and charged us $4.  Mac $18.  House wine $8 a glass.   The best deal was the pint at $4.50.But, hey, what do I know?  They're busy!  At this price point, however, they have loads of higher end competitiion in Charlotte.  I doubt we will visit much opting for $9 fish tacos just up the street.
5	First time in charlotte and found this place. I had the lobster mac n cheese. It was good and just good.  The waitress was nice and helpful and recommended a few places to find souvenirs and other brews since I am not from north carolina.  The corn was very juicy and buttery. Boyfriend got the beer there and he loved it.
3	Went late night and they bar tenders were AWESOME. the whiskey bar and beer bar were separated. They had bands going and there was a lot of people. I like it and can see coming back again.
2	Drinks were good, but the food was a total DISAPPOINTMENT. This was my second time to Heist. I came about a year ago for Easter Brunch and I enjoyed it and thought it was good value. Fast forward to July 2014- midweek dinner for two. He had a beer and enjoyed it and I had the lemonade house cocktail which was refreshing.The food is small plates/tapas. SIDENOTE: He hates small plates and thinks it is total waste of time and money and just a scheme for restaurants to charge a lot and give a little. When he goes out to dinner, he wants a real meal and to be fed. It could not have been more true in this case. So I said we should leave immediately and head down the street to Cabo Fish Taco or Boudreaux's. It was pouring rain and rush hour so we stayed. That was our 1st mistake as we should have left when we had the chance.The menu is interesting, but it just doesn't deliver. If you have been to Soul in Plaza Midwood, it has a similar small menu but not nearly as good. You think you are going to get something exciting delivered to your table then you get 3 morsels on a plate and are like WTH? We ordered the fried ribs, the lemoncello wings, chicken basket (nuggets wrapped in bacon, and the tator tots. I was most excited about the wings, so I ordered those first. That was Mistake #2. They were burnt. Black. And now that I am reading the reviews on here, I am the 5th person in two months to mention that their food was burnt. The tator tots- Mistake #3. I only ordered them because they didn't offer fries on the menu. The server said their would be 6-8 tots per order. THERE WERE FOUR. That's right folks, 4 stringy tator tots in a dish. Heist should be ashamed of themselves. I won't be coming back and won't recommend.To Corrie, the Business Mgr, who is commenting on everyone's review: please tell the chef to NOT let anymore burnt food leave the kitchen (you need to implement some kind of quality control here) and add some fries to your menu.
4	We came for the Sunday Brunch and it was delicious!The spinach artichoke dip was great, along with the grilled pineapple.The waffles were some of the best I had ever tasted. They are definately the reason I will return.Our server was very kind and even helped us take some family photos.The resteraunt was extremely crowded and we had to wait in line for 15 - 30 minutes, but it was well worth the wait.I am definately coming back in the near future with high hopes.I will definately recommend this spot to friends and family in the area.
3	Place is all right, it was packed on a saturday night when I went so they are clearly doing something right. I only had beer because I ate before I came, but the other 4 in my group ordered food. I looked at the menu anyway and thought the prices were a bit high but when I saw their meager portions come out I was instantly proud of my decision to eat ahead of time. I think I had 3 different beers and they were all solid, so props for that.
4	Pretty good beer. Staff was surprisingly uninterested in talking about their beer. Strange for a small craft brewery. Awesome decor. Would go back just for that.
3	We went to Heist for the first time for a late lunch with friends on Saturday. Heist is both brewery and restaurant with a huge dining area. The restaurant has a very cool and trendy vibe. Our server must have told us a three times that Heist was "a brewery first, a restaurant second," but the beer didn't really hold up to that. The food was better.To make it easy, we shared a flight of beer. We didn't love the beers we selected and wish there had been a bit more guidance from our server when we asked.For lunch, I had the sriracha fried chicken salad and it was huge and very good. The salad came with a tasty flatbread/ pizza slice too. My boyfriend opted for the decadent cheesy mac flatbread. His flatbread was a thin crust pizza with macaroni noodles and what was basically nacho cheese on top. I couldn't eat a full order's worth, but he didn't seem to have any trouble demolishing it. Our dining companions ordered the wings, which are huge, and a salad/ flatbread combo. They were both pleased.We'll def be back for brunch and to give the brews another shot.
5	This is my second time here ... The place is awesome ... The lights and drinks are awesome . The folks working here are courteous and prompt . It's an awesome place to have a group or be on a date .
4	lemon chamomile beer is my favorite.  the pimento cheese flatbread is a flavor explosion and the diabolo chicken and the lamb meatball are super good too.  don't waste your time with the lobster mac & cheese....im not kidding when I say that Kraft macaroni and cheese is better.  and it was BURNT!  apparently a lot of people are mentioning burnt food here.  waste of $18 very disappointing.
4	Beer is big in Charlotte. Heist Brewery might just be the biggest beer thing going (for now).Heist has taken the craft-brewery tasting room concept and blown it out into a full-scale restaurant and bar. The beer is decent (nothing special), but the food is the star here. Lots of unique dishes and healthy options--it's hard to decide what to eat.We came for an early dinner over Labor Day weekend and sat out on the deck (dog-friendly!) where a live band was playing. We were in a slightly hungover state so lots of fried stuff for us and it was all very tasty and in satisfying portions.Overall a great experience at Heist and looking forward to returning.
3	Heist is a modern/rustic clean and open loft style space. It is most definitely a hipster location. And perhaps a little snooty even. (It was the only place in the Carolinas I went and my smile wasn't returned. Just like being back home in Los Angeles lol! ) Half of the main room downstairs holds their many steel brew canisters or whatever they're called. It's neat to see those while hanging out in the bar/dining area. There was a DJ company providing entertainment that night and MCing trivia games that lasted longer than we were prepared to stay, but was a lot of fun. The beer is a big draw, but not for me. I was interested in the tapas. We were a party of four and we tried a lot of things. All were a either a hit or a miss. Hit: Beer cheese! Really creamy and nice bite to it. It is served with crusty breadsticks for dipping. It was so good we finished it with our fingers like animals. (It was the first thing out and we were all really hungry ;) We all noticed the table next to us hadn't finished theirs and just left it behind. We all sort of smiled at the thought of s l o w l y reaching over and gobbling up theirs too. Of course we didn't! We had some decency. What do you think we are, animals? wait... Miss: the salmon tacos. Sigh. The salmon was sashimi style, tossed in a light dressing with delicate sprouts and scallions, really tasty. But, it was totally overwhelmed by the tough, thick and completely bland shell it comes in :( It didn't pair well, at all. It needed something crispy and crunchy to hold it. I scooped out the others and left the pasty white, bready tortilla thingies behind. That ended up being about a tablespoon or two of deliciousness though. Another miss: lobster Mac n cheese. All of us were underwhelmed by the lobster macaroni and cheese. Sounds amazing right? It even had leeks in it if I remember correctly. How bad could it be?  So boring though, really. Wah wah. Bland. We didn't even bother finishing it. Not a scallops fan, but they were Amazing.... Really great, seared. I want to say maybe bacon was involved but again, unsure. They came in shot glasses. I have to say, the presentation for everything is really creative and interesting. I don't eat lamb, but the others loved it. It was served in a red wine sauce with porcini mushrooms. It was really rich and served a mini skillet with lots of sauce for dipping bread into; although, it doesn't come with bread. Heist seems determined to incorporate their beer into many things including the mixed drinks. I ordered two of them that mixed beer with spirits and I found them undrinkable. The drinks I ordered had ginger and/or peach and a limeade deal, iwith mint or cilantro it was all just trying to do waaaay too much. Next time I will stick to beer with it being a brewery and all.  And I will definitely go back for the beer cheese. Overall, we had a jolly good time. Note to owner/management: the website looks great but not very user friendly. People on iPads and especially phones don't want to download a menu. Fact: 50% of all traffic to restaurants is coming from mobile devices. How about a menu? In fact, who wants to download a menu onto their home computer either? Hmmm. Strange.
4	My husband and I met a few friends we hadn't seen in awhile for dinner and drinks this past weekend. We had all been before but tonight we sat at the bar that is closest to N Davidson (next to the patio) and then grabbed a table back there when we got hungry. The bartender asked what I gravitate toward, cocktail wise, and I threw out some things and he made me a great variation of a margarita. I then ordered a Paloma. Good stuff. Food wise we got way too much. The Mac n Cheese pizza, pretzels, tot chos (tater tot natchos), salmon belly tacos and something else. The dishes come out as they are ready and it didn't take long before the food started coming at us. We enjoyed the food, drinks and service and they were playing good music too which always helps get you in a Friday night mood!
5	I was surprised to see the low rating but I read in a review below that Heist has a new brewer.  This person really knows what they are doing. Everything I tasted was very good. Belgium style beers, some with a little extra malt character, all very subtle and drinkable. I am really glad I stumbled upon this place as I was a little disappointed by a couple other North Carolina breweries. Heist really needs to expand their brewing system and start selling these beers to other vendors. Nice that they have a full bar for those chuckleheads  in your group who don't want to drink these delicious beers.....
5	We had a fantastic time on their outdoor patio. The menu is so innovative: from limoncello wings to fig infused balsalmic oil, you can do no wrong here.I'd definitely recommend the newest dark beer with pumpkin and chocolate notes.
4	I've been here for brunch and lunch and have enjoyed each visit.  Last time I was there for lunch we each got a flight of beer.  Our server was great and helped us each pick our flight.  The food was delicious, lobster mac and cheese as well as the fish tacos and tots were both phenomenal.  Great brewery, I will be back again.
2	Let me make this clear, the beer cheese deserves 5 stars. I will undoubtedly return here just to eat the beer cheese. It is better than anywhere I've ever been. Hands down.With that said I just don't really understand this place. It has a very low-key vibe, awesome atmosphere, outdoor seating, good live music, decent beer...  I will say that the beer has much improved since their first few months, but the food is just too over the top. Is it necessary to serve soup in test tubes? No. Is it necessary to serve hummus and goat cheese in toothpaste tubes? No. By the way, the hummus and goat cheese tubes squirt out the back and in your face (even if you squeeze from the bottom). The presentation is just unnecessary, especially for a place that comes off as being low-key. I suppose it makes for good table conversation, though.In general, food is overpriced and mediocre. The descriptions are so bombastic and convoluted you literally have no idea what you're getting until it's sitting in front of you.I want to like this place, I really do, but it's just too much. End rant.
5	We stopped here because it was a brewery that served food.  I honestly don't remember the beer that I had there, but the food was unexpectedly phenomenal.  Candied Jalapeno bacon wrapped around chicken and the nacho tots appetizer were fantastic.  Best "bar food" I've ever had.  Our waitress was also great.  Very friendly and knowledgeable.
5	Awesome food, served in a creative and fun presentation. I've never had anything there that I didn't like or love! Incredible bar menu. Beers and cocktails alike. They have phenomenal limoncello on tap. Stefan is a genius at mixing up a mean cocktail.The atmosphere is fun, upbeat, and perfect for large groups. The library bar is a bit more intimate for date nights.I can't say enough about this place and I promise they aren't paying me. We had a flashmob event there to celebrate a dear friend's birthday and Spencer, the GM, as well as all the servers, went far above and beyond our expectations. We're so thankful for all they did to make our event special and I encourage anyone looking for a venue for a large or small gathering (work or social) to contact them to discuss. You will be glad you did.
4	Great brews, pretty good food but food is way overpriced.  Served in portions of tapas with a range of  $8-16, which is the price of a full meal.
4	I figured I wait until I visit this place a few more time to make sure it's consistent.   I ordered the "BBQ BURGER" and their seasonal Saison Dr Pin Pon pumpkin beer.  The burger hit the spot.  The burger was made with pulled pork on top of a beef Patti caramelized onions, jalapeno, pepper jack cheese and artisan lettuce.  The sweetness of the bbq pork mix with the savory season beef pattie gave it a really balance taste.  Slowly you start to taste the caramelized onions and the pepper jack cheese melts in your mouth.  Been awhile since I had a good burger and the BBQ BURGER was a good burger.The seasonal Saison de pon pon was a good light pumpkin beer.  It's a Belgian that has a caramel sweetness and a pronounced taste of nutmeg and cinnamon.   Overall not a bad beer.I gave this place a 4 star because of the friendly customer services , the knowledge of staff on the food that was question and making recommendations base on what I was looking for.  Nice patio outside and the inside is pretty spacious.
4	Awesome menu full of unique selections and a nice variety of beers and cocktails. The outdoor seating is very nice and has a very relaxed casual feel. Inside there are high ceilings and a more industrial feel that includes glass windows which allow patrons to see the brewery in action! Great stop in NoDa.
3	Meh... extremely disappointed with my lunch at Heist. The menu sounded great and the choices all sounded so good it was hard to choose. My friend and I both got the BLTC and we were both disappointed. The presentation is nice but the taste was not. First, they failed to mention the bread was full of whole peppercorns. It was way too strong eating multiple whole peppercorns in each bite. It completely overpowered the taste. Secondly, I LOVE Gorgonzola but they put way too much on the sandwich making it way too salty. The Tu Bock Shakur was great. Patio setting was awesome. Service was not so great. I will be back for the beer and hopefully the next menu item I try won't be as extremely disappointing.
1	Husband and I were invited there for a double-date with a girlfriend of mine who was in town visiting and her beau... now this is a FAR more expensive place than we would normally go for dinner, but the other couple was choosing so we went with it. I found out in advance and went into it thinking it looked overpriced. Is that Heist's fault? I guess not. However, for what we paid, I feel like it was a total rip-off. I might not have minded one expensive night out if the food had been really stellar. It wasn't.Now, it was lovely inside. Really cool, even hipster atmosphere and you could see into the brewery like an aquarium. The only thing I'd change are high backless stools at tall tables-- looked nice but very uncomfortable for a lingering, tapas-style meal. My husband ended up "stealing" me a different kind of chair from another seating area :)I am pregnant so I wasn't drinking, but my husband ordered the darkest beer that they had (forget the name). It being a brew-pub, he had pretty high expectations for the beer, but was disappointed. It wasn't awful, but it was not memorable, so not worth the price-- and he's used to spending more for craft brews. I had water. Boo for not having anything more interesting than standard fountain drinks for non-drinkers... I understand most people will be there to drink but at least throw in a nice spicy root beer/ginger ale or house-made lemonade. There was a lemonade cocktail so I thought they'd at least have that. But the only options were Coke&Sprite.On to the food.  At the risk of sounding pretentious I'd call the menu "ambitious but not well-executed." As others have said, this is a  tapas-style place (in terms of portions, not flavors... not a lot of olives/hams/cheeses here) but the quality of the food was WAY out of proportion with the price. Everything came out at different times, which sort of encouraged us to all order something and share it with the table. However, this was awkward because most dishes came out in sets of three portions! Not good for a double date lol! Someone always got left out of trying something. Then there was the question of the bill... the guy we were meeting was clearly trying to impress his girlfriend, ordering the priciest things... lamb meatballs and lobster mac and cheese... we spent half the meal nervous that we were going to have to split the bill 50/50! So we didn't eat much of "their" orders, but since everything came out at different times, often it was only one thing on the table. Made it awkward and I was STARVING! Again, is this the restaurant's fault? Maybe not; but I've been to tapas places before and things came out at a much more even pace.I got some kind of flatbread with spinach dip. It wasn't bad at all but not the best I'd ever had, and pricey. My husband got (burned) limoncello wings (btw, someone inform the bartender/chef it is spelled limoncello, not lemoncello. Sheesh). He also got some cold Ramen noodle chicken salad thing with Sriracha... it had no flavor and practically no chicken. Gross and very unsatisfying. I had a bite of the lobster mac. It was oily, the cheese was congealed, and was literally black and burned on top. I also got some kind of cheesecake bites... there was a sad, bruised, brown mint leaf on all of 3 them and they tasted like something you'd buy frozen at a grocery store. I could see clearly into the kitchen from my seat and it looked there was only one poor guy in there-- no wonder everything came out so slowly and was burned!Final strike-- it was trivia night, which was fun but so. darn. loud. that we couldn't hear each other talk! Nobody really signed up, it seemed, so the host kind of forced everyone in the restaurant to play. It was a fun trivia contest but we were shouting across the table the whole time. Just skip this place-- we spent at least $40 for, basically, gross snacks and walked away hungry!
5	From out-of-town can't believe how good the food is almost like a five-star restaurant
3	I am a big confused by Heist, due in part to the variety of reviews and my own experience. The beers were good and while I am glad I got a sampler. Their lineup at the time reminded me a bit of Wicked Weed in Asheville, just not quite up to that quality and creativity.They appear to very much be attempting to be a place that views food as art, although I am not entirely confident that NoDa is the best place to be so esoteric. The "faux" bq tacos missed the mark; I believe they were attempting something along the lines of a miniature puffy taco you can get in San Antonio and elsewhere around Texas, but it came off as dry and bland.That being said the smoked wings were GREAT! Just the right amount of spice and with four big full wings (still joined flat and drum, so really eight wings) for $9, I was a happy camper.Heist aims high and certainly is a hipster hangout. I would be interested to try their burger and see if they have good season beers.
4	Sunday brunch is excellent!  The mimosas are weak, but I do love a bottomless mimosa special.  However, the food buffet completely overshadows this shortcoming.  Pretty pricey brunch bill, but the food is phenomenal.  Muscles, flat bread pizza, grits, quiche, biscuits and gravy, chicken wings.  Great combo of food on the buffet and it's all extremely tasty.  Service could have been better, it was not awful.  I will def go back to this place.  Be prepared to wait, the word is out on how good this place is.  There will be a wait.
4	Amazing food and drinks! Stephan the bar tender is knowledgeable and highly talented bar man/mixologist
4	Really great vibe, interior is warm and interesting unlike a lot of local breweries. Had the buffet style brunch which was so-so.  Everything was Luke warm but the hangover hash was pretty nommy. Highly recommend the waffles, small portions but are brought to your table and you can have as many as you'd like with the brunch. Service was good, friendly but not as quick as we wanted (we were in dire need of additional bloody Mary's) .  The beer was great but they were out of the one we really wanted to try. Bummer, but we will definitely be back!
4	Second time I've been here. Now I remember why. It's easy to say the beer is good, because almost all beer is good. However- the beer here is divine! I am a true fan of the Cross-Pollen Nation. It's a fantastic stout based beer. Lighter than an imperial, but with flavors of coffee and fig.Smoked salmon bubbles.... That is all. My date had the baked lobster and scallop cavatapi... Essentially very rich lobster mac and cheese. Fantastic!Tyler, our server, rocks my socks. Check it out. Going back to my date now!
4	The atmosphere is very cool.  It is a bit loud but perfect for group settings or to catch a game with some friends.  The food was very good for the most part.  I didn't realize it was all tapas but they were pretty good portions so that worked well for our table.  We ordered the beer cheese and pretzels and that was fantastic!  The pretzels were fresh out of the oven--soft, lightly salted and perfect for dipping into the creamy cheese dip.  Lip smackin' good!The 3 dip platter was ok but it was a little challenging to eat.  For example...the "black bean dip" was literally black beans.  So they didn't exactly hop on your chip very easily.  The other dip was some type of tomato and mozzarella but again that is not something that you can easily "dip."  So that was a little disappointing.Everything else was pretty fantastic.  A couple of my dining friends ordered the flatbreads and the mini hotdogs...they seemed to really enjoy them!  My friend and I ordered the special of the evening which was Veggie Burger sliders...3 came with the order which was PLENTY.  They had avocado and some type of yummy cheese and sauce on them and they were phenomenal.  They were made in-house and absolutely delightful.  So here is where I may get beat up....the peeps at my table didn't enjoy the beer.  I'm not much of a beer drinker so my opinion doesn't count.  I won't harp on it but there were 6 of us and 5 didn't enjoy the beer they had.  I don't remember the different types they tried so don't even ask but all I'm saying is none of them were impressed.  T There was apparently one beer that a couple people wanted to try but it was sold out so that may have been the winner!  Overall--good food, good atmosphere, reasonable prices, decent service (our server wasn't that great).  I would come back but definitely want to try a few of the other places first!
3	The beer and food is overall pretty good, albeit pricey. Atmosphere is cool too, however I really wish they had more seating for huge gatherings. Seems like whenever I'm here it's extremely crowded. Oh well.
4	Cool place to grab drinks, beer is fresh and they have some delicious cocktails.  I wouldn't go there for dinner, but if you want something light / tapas it's not bad, just expensive.
5	Love this place and my first attempt at brunch here did not disappoint at all. Great food and plenty of it with a variety of the Heist menu items to try.
2	Sunday buffet was expensive and a disappointment after all of the great things I've heard and read. There was no price listed for the brunch buffet on the website, but something I read said $16, and at that price we were disappointed. Then when we got our check and it was $19, we wished we had gone to Bistro LA Bon for $20. The food was average and the selection was odd. It's a great looking place with good music, but it was a little too loud and we couldn't hear each other talk.
3	I think Heist is great for beer and meeting with friends but for food it is too little for too much.I have had food here before and it's good but overpriced small plates that can feed a 2 year old.
2	I was extremely disappointed with my first experience here. I had heard from everyone that this place was so amazing so maybe my expectations were too high. The atmosphere is very nice, relaxed, and aesthetically pleasing. I had a delicious apple cider to start. Then things got meh.I ordered chicken and waffles and they were wings with barely any meat on them and slightly burned. They arrived at my table stacked on a weird coil thing and a wooden plank. I had a tiny bread plate which was ridiculous to try to cut up a chicken wing on. I paid 13 dollars for maybe 8 bites of chicken and mediocre waffles.One of my friends got chicken wings which were also burned and the same friend was informed that her food was given to a different table when we all had our food. Luckily we had some to share with her.  The desert we shared was great though.I would not recommend this place to anyone unless you are going for drinks and a snack. Do not go here if you are hungry or on a budget.
5	They do a great job sticking with a theme.  Beers are excellent and the food is right there, too.  It has been busy every time I have been, and with good reason!
4	I've been here plenty of times, but I've never written a review.  I'm never disappointed with their beer or liquor selection.  This brewery is my favorite one in all of Charlotte.I'm not too sure about the quality of the wait staff because I only sit at the bar where a certain bartender is working.  He's was there the very first time I visited this brewery (few years ago) and he's still there.  Stefan knows how and when the time is appropriate to entertain patrons.  The only reason why I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 stars is because I wasn't gung-ho about their food.  To be fair, it may not have been my style.  Other people I've been with seem to love it, but not I.
1	I want to start out by saying that I consider myself to be a bit of a brunch aficionado. I love a good brunch spot and I've been to them all. I was so excited to check out Heist because I had heard good things. First of all, brunch is $19.99 per person. Yikes!  Pretty spendy, but I thought it must be great to make them charge so much. Wrong. The food is cold and under seasoned. I don't know if they ran out of salt and pepper in the kitchen, but everything was terribly bland: eggs, mac and cheese, quiche, salad, etc.  Even the waffles, which you have to order from the waiter arrived cold. This place is not worth the money and with so many amazing brunch spots competing for your business in Charlotte, go ahead and skip this one. You're not missing anything.
2	I really wanted to like this place. It seemed like a great place to have a beer and relax.  I tried the San Fran disco, an American Pale Ale. It was great. The service not so much.  The bartender made it very clear that he was the only one working. How could this be? Anyways after waiting nearly 15 minutes for a drink in a place with a total of 8 people we decided not to eat. Bummer because the menu looked amazing.
3	Heist is cool... Sometimes a bit too cool... The beer is fantastic but the food is hit or miss. High prices for small portion sizes (tapas style) eats that are meh. Squeezing hummus and goat cheese out of a metal roll tube... I'll pass. Brunch was a swing and a miss. Buffet style with food that just didn't do it. Go for the beer and atmosphere. Eat somewhere else.
4	Different type of atmosphere and layout, but I like it. I met a friend here to watch the Panthers game.  Our table was a bit out in "no man's land," and it felt a bit isolated, but I like the place.  I had the veggie burger that came on a bed of warm kale and some other veggies.  All in all, not bad.  The wait staff was good as well and even though it was game night, we got a table pretty quickly.Good food.  Good company.  And NoDa.  You can't really go wrong with that.
