5	Its the best just like back home. The orange is one of my new favorite flavors because it taste just like an orange not overly sweet like a snow cone. LoL! Italian ice is better than a snow cone! I've been looking for gelati here and I finally got it. So happy Rita's is finally open!
5	I grew up in South Jersey and Staten Island, where Italian ice has been a staple in my summer diet my entire life. It's a shame Vegas doesn't have more places like this.I found it by accident, and couldn't have been more excited to see the Rita's sign. After my errands, I decided to stop in and get a quart for the family. It turns out that they just opened. I was greeted by about 10 friendly kids as well as the owners. I purchased my quart for under 6 bucks, and was given a regular size for free. (which I'm sure is just a promo for the opening) Either way it tastes PERFECT. Reminds me of home and definitely made my day. I will definitely be a regular!
1	I waited for months for this. A promise of a sweet treat from back east like an ice I would get in a pizza shop in the Bronx 20 years ago. Marionos I believe they were called. This was worse then a snow cone from the purple penguins place. At least the shaved ice had a flavor to it and much better smoothness going down. Heres the deal I heard a customer ask what's the difference between ice cream and custard. The kid behind the counter responded the texture that's the only diff. LoL I'm flabber gasted. As I watched another child prying threw the orange flavored water with what looked to be a crowbar for idiots. (please see comment on custard) it looked like the bottom of a slurpee cup after all liquid was sucked out. In closing I felt it this serious to make my profile pic one of which I thought could express how I felt about Rita's maybe on a boardwalk in a bad part of town but no respectable NYer would ever classify this as an Italian Ice. If it wasn't free I would have got a refund. Sorry I was sad too
5	We just drove from Summerlin to try Rita's and I was not disaappointed!! The strawberry has real strawberries and the black cherry has real cherry pieces. All I can say is yum! I will make the drive. Unlike someone in the northwest I got great customer service and the employees here are all smiling. :). So everyone come try out Rita's tomorrow they have half off on everything.
5	I grew up in South Jersey, and water ice is a summer tradition there.  Rita's has always been a favorite, because of the real fruit inside.  So I was very excited when I found out Rita's was opening in Henderson.Irving, the owner, could not have been more helpful.  I planned on getting a cherry, because that was always my favorite growing up.  But Irving gave us samples of 4 or 5 different flavors, and encouraged us to take our time to figure out what we wanted.  In the end, I wound up with a pint of lemonade and a pint of black cherry.  I was taking them to a friend's house, so Irving made sure to pack the cups for me and gave me some tips on serving them later.  He also gave me his card, and told me to let him know if I wanted to request certain flavors on another day. I was already going to be a regular customer, because I love Italian Ice.  But that extra customer service was much appreciated.  I'll definitely be going back to Rita's.  Now if only we can get another location on the west side of the valley...
4	Who said you have to cheat on your diet to satisfy your sweet tooth? Not Rita! I don't know shit about Italian Ice, but what I do know is I loved Rita's and It exceeded my expectations.They just opened and it seemed every kid in the valley has a job at Rita's and they all work at the same time. All of them friendly and eager to answer your questions and provide samples. It was overwhelming for me a bit, but I appreciated it since it was my first time. Hell, I would rather see them here instead of ODing on bath salts or tagging the neighborhood. Who cares? It's all about the product.I LOVED IT. They had Sugar-Free Cherry and Sugar-Free Mango Peach Ice made with Splenda both which I highly enjoyed. The ice was soft and the flavor tasted so far from anything Sugar-free I've tasted in a long time. On this day they gave me a Regular Italian Ice for free which I chose to have both flavors. I also had to try the Italian Ice and Custard layered which is called a Gelati. I went with Vanilla custard and the Sugar-Free Mango Peach Ice. This was heavenly considering it was 250 degrees outside. I had every intention of just taking a few bites and throwing it out, but of course that didn't happen. I ended up inhaling BOTH of the treats! I had brain freeze into my nose which was awesome! Little Miss Frozen Face at your service!Downsides- The space they have chosen is VERY small. There is nowhere to stay and enjoy your Italian Ice. There is only one bench outside. Good luck getting it. I sat in my car to grub. Also the price seems high for the sizes. The Regular sized Gelati was around $3.50 and it was very small. The custard is SO filling it was more than enough for me. Also online there is a product called the Slenderita which seems to be a low fat soft serve I was hoping to have instead of the custard. FYI, they do not have it and it is discontinued. It was also weird that there was no music playing.  Overall I loved Rita's for offering the most superb Sugar-Free dessert option in my neighborhood. Thanks for helping Henderson stay cool this summer. I cannot wait to go back and try more!
3	Just like many other Ritas, but this one is kosher which eliminates a few products that are even advertised inside the store.  Only reason why not 4 or 5 stars is because of the kosher options
5	Wife and daughter saw this one on the show Unwrapped. Had to go. Amazingly awesome flavors of ice and the creamiest frozen custard you will find.  The cherries taste like cherries, the snozzberries taste like snozzberries.  Ok. there are no snozzberries but the owner Irving  and staff are very friendly and you can sample to your hearts content.  They even said if you have a favorite flavor, you can call ahead and they can mix it for you!.  Best service ever.  Try the swedish fish ice and it will bring back childhood memories.  Combine the custard and the ice for a gelati treat.
5	SUCH A GREAT UNIQUE TREAT! I recommend the Gelati. Very nice staff, good prices too! The people on here that gave it anything but 5 stars need to get their taste buds checked, because it's awesome! The Italian ice is amazing, but even if you aren't an italian ice fan, they have the most unbelievably yummy custard! (The Gelati has both!) Try this place out, you'll love it! Welcome to Henderson, Nevada Rita's, it's a pleasure to have you here, and I'll be in lots and recommend you to everyone!
5	Finally, Rita's in the wild wild west! When i moved here 5 years ago from PA and was introduced to 100 degree plus weather nothing would have been more refreshing than an Italian Ice from Rita's. Nothing else seemed to to the trick. Well the time has come.With so many good flavors to select from I chose the Swedish Fish after a sample. I had it Gelato style with Custard(not ice cream) on the bottom and top. It instantly brought me back to the days of old, which was a good feeling. The wife had Juicy Pear which was tasty as well. The staff was very friendly, greeting you as soon as you walk in in and offering samples and explanations of there cold refreshing treats. The owner Irving was nice as can be. making sure our experience was memorable. It was and i will definitely be back to have more of the excellent flavors of Italian Ice(not water ice) that they offer.
5	For the record (since Wonder W thinks that I may be a paid, or friend of the owner), I have nothing to do with Rita's.  I just wanted to say thank you for opening up in Henderson.  It tastes just as good as when I would go to the one in Franklin Square, NY.  The only difference is the sprinkles.  I got over that quick.  The custard is just as good, as is the Cherry Ice, which are the 2 things I always got when i'd go there.
5	Finally they opened a location in Hender-tucky.  I've been Rita's many times when I lived in Huntington Station (located on Walt Whitman Rd, RTE 110) and been to one in Philly that's located at the Mayfair.  I have to say all three of them have been consistently good.  Only difference I can tell is the water they use.  Personally, nothing beats NYC water.  The flavors are excellent.  Fresh and tasty.
5	I'm so freaking happy.I moved to Vegas from the Philly area almost a year ago. Before I left, one of the last things I did was went to ritas in Doylestown and got a cherry and chocolate gelato. It was on my philly bucket list. I've eaten ritas ices every since I was a small child. Family members would bring it to cookouts. Kids brought it into school for their birthdays. Every first day of spring is free ritas day, and when I got my drivers licence 8 years ago, the first thing I did was drove my sister and I to ritas for our free ices. I have missed Ritas for a while, especially on the first day of spring when everyone I know was writing on facebook "HAPPY FREE RITAS DAY!!!" But this year, I'll be able to enjoy my ritas any day! Most of my rita's experience was authentic. Even the staff working there, a bunch of high schoolers, did a great job of greeting me and offering my samples. The manager was there too. And he was so incredibly nice. I knew what i wanted before I got there- a mango gelato with vanilla custard.It was just as I remembered it. I've been trying to replace my water ice fix with hawaiian shave ices, and while those are good, rita's is the real deal. It tasted just like it was made in PA. The custard was thick and delicious. So good. I sat in my car (which is the proper place to enjoy your ritas, as very few ritas have seating areas, besides a couple of seats outside), and I was in heaven for nearly 15 minutes. Now, if only they could open a ritas on the strip, this city would be perfect. It'd be like reliving my college days- drinking with my friends at the bar, and then stumbling down the street to enjoy a delicious water ice.So now we that we have ritas, are we getting a wawa anytime soon? ; )
5	I grew up and lived in and around philly til i moved here two years ago. I always wished there was a Ritas here.Imagine my delight when I moved not two miles from where they were building a Ritas! I watched with eager anticipation as the shop came together.Finally, they opened. I found out first from Yelp. I was abashed to read the reviews and was nervous about trying it. But tonight was the night. The test. I brought my 3 kids, 2 of whom had never tasted ritas. We ordered 4 water ices. They gave my daughter a taste of the orange-colored tropical flavor first for free. We also had cherry, sugar free cherry (for me) and lemonade.All were delicious. The sugar free is a little lacking in flavor, but thats normal for the chain. There were two firemen inside as we ordered, and a truckfull arrived as we were leaving. The owner was present and mentioned he was from philly. So we started a conversation. He asked where i found him, and i mentioned yelp. He politely asked for a positive review.Now, as a previous small biz owner myself, i have to tell you that its a common (and smart) biz practice to ask for reviews. All the biz books recommend it. I have had no problem asking for reviews of my business  and I have no problem with other businesses asking for reviews either. If someone opens a new yelp account because they like my business, i think thats great. I would hope they would continue on yelp, but if not, that wouldnot really be in my control, just as it is not in the control of this ritas owner.Of course if there are fraudulent reviews, that would be wrong, however, I believe he was just soliciting positive reviews. The owner seemed genuinely upset about all the yelp contraversy. Well, he got a good review from me. No complaints.In fact, My two year old dropped his water ice right off, and they replaced it with no questions asked and no charge.I give a five stars for quality of product and service. I wish there was more seating, all there is is a bench outside, but hey. Its a ritas. They normally dont have much in the way of seating. Overall - 5 stars.
5	I'm so happy you have come to Vegas Rita's! Just as awesome as I remember! None of the other places in town compare. Stay friendly and I will be returning very soon!!!All you west coasters need to try out Rita's Italian Ice!Double thumbs up!
5	I am so happy that a Rita's has finally come to Vegas!!! I've been waiting forever and to find out that they finally opened was great! The staff was cheerful and very efficient. Even the owner came out and asked how everything was. We mentioned we were also from PA and it was nice to see something familiar. I missed Rita's every spring and summer and now I can get it all the time!! Flavors are also great and they have a huge selection of different ices. A lot more than the ones in PA. So happy now, Thank you so much for opening it up!!!!
5	So glad that Rita's is finally here! The water ice was awesome! I had the mango water ice with vanilla custard gelati. The owner and all the employees were so sweet! Hope they do well out here!
4	Orange Italian Ice + Vanilla Custard = Orange Creamsicle Gelati goodness. MMMMMMMMMM SOOOO GOOD
5	I'm updating my review because it was apparently removed because somebody complained that I (and several others) were employees of the store.  While I would love to collect a paycheck from Rita's Ice or anybody else wanting to pay me money-I am not employed by Ritas (I work for a big casino company in town) and am disappointed that some people can be so ridiculous!  We have returned to Rita's several times since my original reviews and my review stays the same-This Rita's is great!  They have new flavors this week (rootbeer (the hubby had it with vanilla custard and it tasted just like a rootbeer float!) watermelon etc.).  You can't beat the flavor of the ice and I love the different options you have to customize your flavors.  The staff is ALWAYS friendly and very eager to help.  Congrats to Irwin and his wife for opening a successful, unique to Las Vegas/Henderson business...I would encourage anybody who wants a treat and wants to support a local business owner to go check them out!
5	I'm sooo freakin' happy right now.......Rita's has finally made it to Vegas.  I moved out here 3 years ago from NJ and missed having Rita's (their gelati is my favorite), but now I can indulge all I want. Their fruit ices have pieces of fruit in them.  The chocolate peanut butter ice is creamy and to die for.  Their custard is delicious.  Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
5	On Stephanie, next to Subway and across from Galleria Mall.Good parking and easy to find. Alot of staff which was good because it was busy.I came in and the shop is small but the choices for something sweet and cold is pretty good.I was greeted right when I came in and asked if there's anything I would like to sample. So I Saw some things that looked good cuz he colors were bold and made me wanna try some.Got small Italian ice tasty, flavoring was really good and tasted great. Price was $2.80 out the door and large was only a little more but small is plenty for 1 person.It also said open til 10pm which was nice so I will go more often. It was also nice that they had a little bench out front, but could use more as I could see everyone wishing there was somewhere to sit. (grab the bench quick when open). Will repeat.
5	Love this place! We had one down the street from my job when I lived in Buffalo and it was such a refreshing treat on humid days. Went here the other night and had the Gelati.  It was whatever flavor italian ice on the bottom with a bit of custard on the top. I had them do mango on the bottom, watermelon on top with the custard and it was sooooooo good!  The custard is the creamiest custard I have ever had in Vegas! They even have Swedish Fish candy flavored italian ice which I tried and it was like slurping on the candy in liquid form. Can't wait to go back! Gonna try to convince the BF tonight! :) Addition: 10/4/14 - I've gone back many many times and it's still great! I've been getting their custard sundaes. I usually get twist custard, peanut butter, oreos, whipped cream, and a cherry. It's super light and creamy! I love this place!  Writing this, and being as full as I am, I am literally thinking about an Italian ice tomorrow. They have Georgia peach and that looked great!
4	I've been back to Pennsylvania many times to visit inlaws, but I have never made it to a Rita's Italian Ice back east. So I can't tell you if this is legit, back east style Italian Ice. I can tell you that it's DELICIOUS. I stopped in after dinner with Jaime W. for some desert. I sampled a lot of the flavors, you can practically get full just off the samples. Service was great, almost too friendly? It was slightly overwhelming to have multiple staff members suggesting I try different flavors. I'd rather have overeager service then surly, pissed off people serving me food though...I came very close to ordering the swedish fish flavor until I tried the watermelon... AMAZING. So cool and refreshing, it was the perfect treat for the hot summer evening! I ended up ordering a Misto, which is an Italian Ice mixed with custard. So tasty. I am practically drooling while I think about it as I write this.Jaime asked about the sugar free flavors, and the owner told her they were changing it the next day because someone had requested a specific flavor. I thought that was a nice touch, they clearly care about what the people coming in want, and are looking to please their customers. Make sure to sign up online for their birthday club for a freebie!
5	Rita's is located on Stephanie directly across from the Galleria Mall - by Subway.Went to try Italian ice, watermelon and orange. Nice girls working there. Quick service. Got small ice tasted great $2.80 out the door.  Did repeat.Second visit just the same. Upon coming in they greet you and ask what you'd like to sample. It's really nice and they don't make u feel weird about asking.They had some limited time flavors and make some recommendations to try.The staff is friendly and the owner was there and making sure everyone was happy. It got really busy really fast. Nice that they were all behind me.All good except I wish they had more seating available. The only seating is a small bench out front, the curb in front or your car. None of these are good options.Product taste and quantity are very good value. Will keep the ice coming in all flavors!
4	I am not from the East Coast so I am not going to be as critical.  I have never heard of this place before.  My wife and I were at the Hobby Lobby and we noticed a sign that said Rita's.  We were all excited because this is my daughter's name.  We wanted to check it out but didn't have the time.  My wife has some friends from the East Coast that were talking about this place.  So on a weekday after dinner we decided to go get a treat.  We walked and I didn't know what to expect.  What the heck is a gelati? There was about 4 or 5 teenage girls manning their stations.  We were greeted by the owner.  He was nice and offered samples and gave a some back story on the products.  My wife and I ordered the same the thing, which I know is kind of lame.  We got the mango gelati.  My taste buds were going insane!  This was a different kind of treat.  We both thought it was yummy and refreshing.  We talked with owner for a minute and then went to the park to enjoy our ice and custard combination.  If you are from the west like us go try out!  Cheers!
5	I will sum this up in two words. GO TRY!!!!! They have Swedish Fish Italian Ice.  How can you go wrong with that one. Great customer service. SOOOOOOO GOOD!!!
5	So good! Their Italian ice and custard is made fresh everyday with real fruit! The best customer service and friendliest staff!
5	me & my family were running errands yesterday in 100+ weather and needed something nice and cool. i saw this place on yelp and booked marked it a while ago. we pulled up in front of the shop and as we were getting out of the car a little old man was standing inside and waived at us through the window. of course we waived back and walked in. turns out the old man in the owner and his wife was there along with a  handful of employees. everyone was really friendly and giving us samples of the frozen custard and ices. i got the standard watermelon ice, my step-daughter got the cherry ice with chocolate custard and my hubby got the root beer ice with vanilla custard. i am definitely getting the root beer float next time. it was so refreshing and light on such a hot day. we are already planning on going back.
5	Amazing, amazing, amazing! Finally the treat from back east here in vegas. The custard and ice was exactly what I used to get in PA. I had custard, cantaloupe and chocolate brownie ice. All perfect. The owner was there and he was super polite and so was the entire staff saying "what would you like to try" as soon as I walked in. Best frozen treat in vegas by far!
4	I am by no means an Italian Ice connoisseur, but I do know what I like and I like Rita's. I was in the area during lunch and thought this was a good alternative to a big heavy meal, since it's so warm. I stopped by and they were pretty busy for lunch. I sampled the watermelon and the Sour Patch Kids flavors. I had had my heart set on a sugar free option, but they only had tangerine and I don't really like that flavor in dessert form typically, so I steered clear. I went with the Sour Patch Kids, which had a nice fruity and tangy flavor. I ordered the regular size, but the girl behind the counter recommended I go with the large for only 50 cents more. How can I argue with that? Haha.It definitely hit the spot on this hot and humid (yah, humidity in Vegas!) day. If I lived closer, I would probably be a regular, so I'll probably still make CJ's my dessert place of choice for now, but this place is a great option on the East side of town!
4	Rita's...the new darling of Las Vegas Yelpers has been getting a lot of attention. I read some reviews that mentioned custard. Oh really? I know custard, I have custard air shipped from the famous Ted Drewes Frozen Custard in St. Louis quite often so would Rita be good enough to make me think about cutting back on the Missouri resupply flights? There was only one way to find out and so off I went.Jessie B. and Jaime W. touched on the service which can be a bit, dare I say it, too friendly? But once you get past that and get a sample in your hand that's all it took. I was ordering a Gelati about two sample spoons later. I ended up with a vanilla and cheesecake Gelati...my sample was a chocolate / vanilla swirl and I wanted that in the Gelati but didn't get it. Still I grabbed my cup and headed out to my car, and even though I was running late I couldn't seem to find the gear shift as my hand was too busy holding the spoon and the other one was on the cup. I couldn't go until that cup was empty. I wouldn't want to spill any of it! 13 hours later I sit here writing this and can think clearly again. And while I like the Italian Ice it's not as good as the custard. Their custard is really, really good. Not quite Ted Drewes good, but for Las Vegas it's the best I've found so far. I won't stop the Missouri resupply flights, but I won't need them as often thanks to having a Rita's in the valley. Well worth the time to check out and it's not over-hyped. It's really really good. 4 Strong Stars. I will be back and I'll be bringing others with me to try more of it.
5	For the nine years we have lived in the valley, my husband and I have bemoaned the lack of two things: CFA and Rita's.  Everything has changed!  We found the new Rita's and all is right in our world.  Hubs had the chocolate brownie cream ice( imagine a fudgesicle that you eat with a spoon) and I had half pear half lemonade.  Yum!Quite a few folks are commenting that there is not seating--  Rita's is not a restaurant, folks.  Rita's is a treat stand.  I, for one, and thrilled that I get to go inside to order instead of lining up outside a window like most places.  If you are looking for a tasty treat for those hot summer evenings, Rita's is the place.  Bring the kids and tailgate in the parking lot-- it's a taste of "back home" for this East Coast transplant!
4	I came here wanting to try the creation that Vince L posted here on yelp, but they did not have the orange ice today.  I tried a total of 3 flavors and decided on Black Cherry.Vince L's format would be:Black Cherry Italian Ice + Vanilla Custard = Black Cherry Creamsicle Gelati goodness. MMMMMMMMMM SOOOO GOOD The staff were friendly and the older gentleman at the cashier was sweet as pie.  I would totally come back for more.  I'm a fan.
5	The ice cream (custard) is very thick and creamy... The way good ice cream should be! The Italian Ice is rich in flavor and texture. There's plenty of flavors available, and everything is made fresh. They also make a sugar-free flavor that is excellent. Everything is very delicious and highly recommended.
5	They've been open for five weeks, and I have a feeling they'll be opened for many more! I walked in and was greeted with a smile and asked if I wanted to sample anything...having never had Rita's or any Italian ice before, I tried a few - Mango, Georgia Peach, and Florida Orange. While they were all good, I liked the Mango and Florida Orange the best! Since I'd never had Italian ice or custard before, I didn't know what to expect. However, now that I've had it, I'll try to explain what they're like. The Italian ice is similar to a sorbet, but a little lighter and more icy...duh, hence the ice in the name, right?! ha ha. The custard looks kinda like soft serve ice cream or frozen yogurt, but is similar in consistency to frozen Cool Whip...and kinda tastes like that too. I ended up ordering a regular gelati (custard on the bottom, Italian ice in the middle, and more custard on the top) with Vanilla custard and Florida Orange Italian ice...think orange creamsicle...YUM! A regular size was around $4.00, but for fifty cents more you can get a large! The regular was enough for me, but if sharing, the larger size for fifty cents more is a good deal.While this is a franchise, it has a family feel. It is owned by an older couple...the husband was at the register, and the wife was in the back making the Italian ice! Their employees appeared to be high school aged kids, and they all were happy and excited to be working. With all of the hot days here in Vegas, I'm sure to be a repeat customer!
5	After hearing that a Rita's had opened, I surprised my wife ( who grew up eating Rita's in Philly ) yesterday. She was in heaven after her 1st taste of the delicious chocolate water ice. I consider her an expert!We tried a variety of flavors, and found them all to be exactly like they're in Philly. The owner and his employees are incredibly nice. My youngest son (10) had the custard, and was in heaven.No more snow cones for this family, just water ice!
4	After finding out that there's an Italian Ice place here, I most definitely had to try it! I had just discovered Italian ice before moving to Henderson and was super excited that I wouldn't have to leave it behind. The couple that runs this place is extremely friendly and they're all about customer service. They want to make sure you get exactly what you want and they have the biggest smile on their faces. If you don't know what you want, they give you huge samples. By the time you're done sampling everything, you may think you're too full for an actual order of ice. But trust me, you need to make room.The must-have is the Gelati. It's their Italian ice layered with their frozen custard. This combination makes it possible to make a creamsicle out of any flavor you want. Lemonade creamsicle? Why yes, thank you! I've been here multiple times and I can say I've never been disappointed. The stand-outs had to be Sour Patch Kids and Mango-Orange. Their custard is a little bit richer and buttery than I've had before, but it still goes perfectly with their ice. The ice is so smooth and flavorful.When you come here, you will leave with a huge grin on your face. Great treat for the desert heat!
5	Rita's is absolutely AMAZING. I'm obsessed with Italian Ice but haven't found any good places in Las Vegas...until tonight!!!!!!After barely stepping foot inside the place, a very nice man greeting greeted my boyfriend and I. He warmly welcomed us and invited us to try anything and everything we wished, while giving us information about the business (they're Kosher!). I got a small Wild Black Cherry with a dollop of custard that was INSANE!!!!! The Black Cherry flavor was strong, tart, and tasted like REAL fruit. There were also real cherry bits. The custard was creamy, not too sweet-but perfect.My boyfriend ordered a large Cotton Candy with custard that tasted like the yummiest, creamiest treat EVER. The Cotton Candy was perfect-not too sweet, but very warm and comforting. The owner, Irving, was very sweet. The ice and custard was OUTSTANDING, but even if it were lackluster, I would still go back because of how great their customer service was.I went tonight and can't wait to go back tomorrow!!!!!
4	Yummmm!  This place is great!  Lots to choose from!  Staff is friendly and the product is awesome!  I had a gelati and they give you your moneys worth!  I will come back again!
5	If you haven't been to Rita's yet...the easiest way to put it is, you're missing out! Stop reading reviews and just go now, it's that good!I'm not from the east coast so the first time we went to Rita's I wasn't sure what to expect. After checking out the menu online, I was actually a little hesitant to try it. The thought of combining italian/water ice and custard just seemed kind of weird. But being the type of person I am when it comes to food, especially treats, I had to head out and try it. On our first visit, I ordered the Gelati with Wild Black Cherry and the custard twist. WOW! I'd never had anything like it! The ice not only has the perfect consistency, but the flavors are amazing. It even had small pieces of real fruit in it which just made it that much better. The custard was the best I have ever had. It was rich, creamy and full of flavor. Once you combine the custard with the ice, it's just so good! It's something that's hard to explain, you just have to try it for yourself. And if you're not into the two combined, the ice or the custard on their own are more than worth the visit. Since our first visit during their opening week, we've been back every weekend besides one. Yes, I'm addicted and I'm not afraid to admit it! :P I've tried several flavors of the ice including the cream ice flavors they have on occasion. Some of my most notable favorites are the Wild Black Cherry, Banana, Mango-Orange and Iced Coffee. Even the 'regular ole' flavors like Florida-Orange and Cherry are spectacular and my son absolutely loves the Blue Raspberry and Cotton Candy. If you need a suggestion on what to try, I have to say Gelati. I've had one on each visit and I just can't stay away. Banana w/ twist, Root Beer Float w/ vanilla, Florida-Orange w/ vanilla, Cherry w/ twist and Iced Coffee w/ twist would be my recommendations depending on what flavors they have that day.As you can probably tell, I friggin' love this place! I'm a huge fan of Luv-It but I would make the drive from my house (Durango & 95N) to Rita's first. Not only do they have the best product in my opinion, but their customer service is flat out exceptional! The owner has been there every time I've visited and any person who steps into that store feels welcome. He takes customer service to the next step and I commend him for that. Just last night when we were there, he even walked outside and took a picture for a couple sitting outside on their first visit to Rita's. My son had even dropped his entire cup of ice on one visit and he refused to let us pay for a new one. In less than a minute, my son had a new cup of ice and the floor was mopped. Beyond him, the employee's are extremely helpful, they smile, offer samples and the store is always spotless.The one and only downfall to Rita's is the size of their store. There is only one bench outside and the inside leaves no room for seating. It's definitely not ideal to stand or sit outside on the curb to enjoy your treats. However, the quality product and the customer service they offer is top-notch and in my opinion, the seating can be looked past. I have nothing but good to say about Rita's and I will continue to visit and spread the word!
5	I can't fathom why this place doesn't have a solid 5 stars. Best custard I've had out here, hands down.
5	I'm not sure why Yelp hid my original review... Regardless, Rita's is amazing!!!! The product is delicious and the service is top notch!Every flavor is delicious. My standouts:-green apple-black cherry-watermelon-passion fruit All have real fruit!!!!! Love, love, love!
5	An East Coast place comes to Henderson and it is worth trying.  They have some amazing flavors of Itilian Ice.  If you have never had one, YOU GOTTA TRY IT.  This place is NOTHING like the shaved ice places around town.  The place is small, the wait can be long HOWEVER, if you have ever been to Philadelphia, it is normally a place like the shaved ice places out here, an outdoor stand with a line sometimes 30 to 40 minutes long.The wait is worth your time, you will not be disappointed unless you never stood in line for anything in your life which I find hard to believe that there is a person out there who never stood in line for anything???
5	My husband is from the East Coast, and he was very excited when he heard this was here. We went there, and he said it was just like home. The customer service was amazing, everyone was so nice and cheerful, and they urge samples on you! My husband got the orange mango, and I got the red velvet. We both got smalls, and WOW they were bigger than we expected! Wasn't able to finish mine, but man was it good! The owner and my husband chit chatted, and never made us feel rushed, just a very friendly place! Do yourself a favor and give it a try!
4	I remember a lot of Yelp hubbub about this place a few months ago but I didn't try it until today. I liked it, but I felt that I needed all the toothpaste in the world after I finished eating. This is definitely not a daily or even weekly treat, not for my teeth nor for my waistline!All the workers were exceptionally nice. Exceptionally. I had never been there and they were patient while I read the menu and looked at all my options. After I gave them a tip, the owner said to his teenage girl workers, "Girls! You got a tip! What do you say?" like he was their dad, and he may have been. It was cute but kind of strange as well. I got the "gelati" with cotton candy ice and vanilla custard top. I am no stranger to custard...in the midwest we know how it goes...and this custard was really spectacular. The concept is kind of weird--flavored ice with essentially ice cream on top--but somehow it works. It is, however, a pricier place for sweeties, but a justifiable price. The serving size is huge, giving me gutrot from its sugary deliciousness. I will be back, but will probably avoid the gelati in the future. I'm not kidding when I say that my teeth were wearing sweaters of sugar after I got done eating it--I was afraid that they were going to fall out at that moment, one by one. A solid four stars!
3	The custard was excellent. The girls working were very friendly. The older gentleman working was rude. I guess I am supposed to be sorry that he was too busy talking to a salesperson, and we interrupted his conversation by wanting service.
5	Okay. My wife and I got down to Rita's to see what the hullabaloo was about. Walking in as newcomers we were promptly greeted with samples so we could make our best possible choice. My wife had watermelon which BTW was hand made with real pieces of watermelon, nice. I have a BAD sweet tooth so I gave Cotton Candy a whirl. Oh dear god the euphoria of sugar coursing through my veins prevents the synapses in my brain from firing correctly to establish the correct adjectives. How does one make "ice" smooth? Custard had all the pure awesomeness of marshmallow cream. So I say, hullagogetitbecauseyouwillloveitbaloo....
5	Came here with my girlfriend on a Thursday afternoon... With all the hype going on about this place we decided to give it a try lol...Everyone in there was super friendly and were happy to go over the things they offered and how they made their drinks/sweet amazingness...My girlfriend and I ended up ordering gelati's... Mine was mango and hers Swedish fish (yes...Swedish fish flavor which was pretty accurate in my opinion)...The gelati's were amazing, but next time I come in I think I'm going to try the misto bc that was super tempting as well... Oh and I  now have a new obsession with frozen custard lol!Also, it's really cool that they give Touro students that 10% discount bc with being a medical student like me, any saving is amazing! I will definitely be returning!!
5	A delightful experience and a special treat.  I took a cab from the strip to come here.  It was worth every penny in cab fare and I will definately come back for this old fashioned custard shop.
5	Pumpkin pie cream ice is deelish, this is way better than the Rita's I remember back in Philly!!! They don't have all the options available on the website (like no Slendaritas) but the workers were all really nice and patient and let us sample flavor after flavor. Finally I decided on the pumpkins pie and knew I had to come back soon to try all the others. They have yummy custards too and kiddie sizes/sugar free options, if you're watching calories. A very good, cheap treat, this is definitely going to be a popular spot!!
5	best soft serve ice cream in town!!
5	The concierge at our hotel in the City Center recommended we come try Rita's. Absolutely worth the short cab ride. The custard was delicious and the Gelati was even better!
5	So glad to see a ritas out here! Awesome Italian ice just like in Philly! Good prices, and u can sample favors before picking the ones u want.
4	As with many others, my first experience of Rita's was back east.You definitely cannot complain as far as the customer service here is considered. Behind 100% satisfaction! The older gentelman even came to our car to tell us thank you for visiting his location. Onto the goodness...I was in the mood for custard so I skipped the Ice but man oh man...it was so lickin' good!!! It was sweet, creamy, full bodied and simply delicious! I can't wait to go back and get a Gelati. I just hope I can find georgia peach the next time I am there.
4	Just like home, minus the surly patrons...Thank you for bringing this to Las Vegas (Henderson) and for the great, friendly staff!! The only thing that makes this place inauthentic is the friendly, helpful staff.i understand that there will be haters, and they are welcome to go elsewhere. We will make a stop a Rita's part of every family trip to that part of town.
5	I grew up on Ritas. There are 2 things in this town that remind me of home (Philly). One of them is my family picture on my wall. The other is Rita's. I literally almost caused a traffic accident the first time I drove by and saw their sign. I couldn't believe my favorite dessert in the world had made it west of the Mississippi - and not only that but it made it like 3 blocks from house. I go WAY too often.
4	I am used to fluff ice, snow cones, slushies and shave ice. Italian ice or ice water is not something I have encountered before. I came in with hopes of trying something new yet not expecting too much. What I got was more than I could hoped for.The ice is smooth and goes well with the custard. I agree with Nelson Q. that the custard is not the highest quality. I got a small pumpkin pie with vanilla and it was perfect. I cannot complain about the whipped cream consistency because it was perfect with my choice. The service was phenomenal though. Between my friend and I we were conflicted on which flavor to get. The staff let us try as many flavor as we wanted. Now there are talks to open a couple of other stores around the valley.
5	The heavens opened, angels flew down and built a Rita's in Las Vegas..well Henderson but whatever. Whether you know and love this place from your former home in the east, or just stumbled upon it after an intense mall session I'm willing to guarantee you're in love. These ices aren't just any ices. They're fresh, delicious and some even have real fruit in them! My addiction is the gelati and I've never had a flavor I didn't like. Black cherry, swedish fish, iced coffee, mango....I can't stop!! The seasonal flavors are amazing as well, with Pumpkin Pie finishing at the top of my list. I can't lie, I'm so addicted to the gelati that I rarely get anything else but the shakes do look delish. The owner and his staff are always SO super friendly, ready with a smile and a sample of anything you'd like to test run. Keep your eyes peeled for the red and white sign or you might miss it, it's right near L&L Hawaiian BBQ!
4	You've gotta try the cotton candy ice with custard. It's simply incredible.
4	I keep forgetting to review Rita's!  I'm a fan from back east and was so thrilled that it opened like our first week here!  And so close to home, no less!  Our first time was one of their first days open, and we ordered plain italian ices (I can't remember which flavors).  The owner was so nice!  He told us that everyone who ordered plain ices got them on the house (I guess as a grand opening promotion).  But we had no clue - my husband had his wallet out and was ready to pay.  We thought this was really awesome. Always great service and just a genuine treat no matter what flavor you get!  I think any sweet tooth can be satisfied at Rita's.
3	We stopped over while in Henderson visiting friends. Tasty flavors, friendly staff. Would come again if we were in the area and time was not a factor. Three frozen stars!
4	Nice selection of favors. Store is small and often has a long line, but worth the wait!
5	I love this place.  People are super friendly.  Italian ice is awesome!
4	This is a pretty cool place for Italian Ice, which reminds me of shaved ice or icee type of dessert!a.  Brain Freeze - This stuff reminds me of shaved ice, but smoother, or like an icee, but a bit thicker!  No matter what, if you chow down on this stuff, you willl get the inevitable brain freeze!  For texture and taste and all, I give this a 4 star.b.  Italian Ice Flavors - They have all sorts of really cool flavors that are surprisingly good. You will not find cold stone / ben and jerry type of flavors, packed with ingredients. Instead, you will find such things as mango, cherry, cantaloupe, blubbery, honeydew, key lime, pineapple and other tasty flavors. Kids will be attracted to sour patch kids red and swedish fish.  I haven't tried those, but I can imagine they will be pretty good!  4 star for taste and 5 star for creativity, so 4.5 star here.c.  Dessert Sugar Free- they do have some sugar free stuff for those of you watching your intake.  These are sweetened with Splenda, so as long as that is a product you can consume, go for it.  They have a lot of flavors, but seems that at certain times, they only have a sampling out of 1-3 types.  4 star.d.  Other stuff- They have Cream Ice, Frozen Custard, Gelati, Misto and Blendini.  YOu all know what Frozen Custard is, I haven't tried it here. The Cream Ice is just like the ice that is the main attraction to Rita's but with Cream so it is silky smooth and a really rich flavor.  Gelatai is a combo of their Italian Ice and Frozen Custard. The Blendini is where you use the Italian ice, frozen custard and then add in toppings lke Oreo, Heath Toffee, Snickers and etc.  So, if you want or need the more rich and candy like flavor of traditional ice cream, this could be your choice - 4 star.e.  Misto - this is the Italian Ice and Frozen Custard made into a drink, more like the icee we all grew up with.  All the other products you use a spoon, this one,  you use a straw!This is a very small, but nice place. Only seating is two benches outside on the curb facing the cars and so, not a place to hang out and chill out.  While a problem, if you are with a group, you will be standing on the curb of the parking lot and clogging up the store front. Otherwise, this is a nice alternative to your traditional cold desserts!GK says check it out!
5	I'm no expert when it comes to italian ice but wow I really enjoyed their gelati. I thought it was really delicious and had no problem paying a little under 5 bucks for a large. Now whenever I have a sweet tooth I instantly know this is the place to go.
4	I love this stuff!  I thought I didn't like Italian ice for some reason but this shit is good!  I got the red velvet and my kidlets got cotton candy, and Swedish fish.  They had lots of great flavors I didn't even know you could get in Italian ice like mint chip?!?  Can't wait to go back and try some of their other treats.  Rita's will def be in regular rotation for us this summer.
5	What a great treat! I was visiting a friend in Henderson and we had just finished our dinner and were looking for a refreshing dessert. He had heard good things about Rita's and we decided to check it out. I'm glad we did. The owner of the place was working the counter and he was very helpful. I had tried the custard but I was looking for something more refreshing and he suggested the mango ice. I sampled a bit of it and was sold. It didn't have any artificial quality about it and according to the owner, they use the real fruit to flavor the ice. Quite honestly after finishing it I think the other flavors like pear and black cherry would have been just as good and I'll definitely make a stop the next time I come out to Henderson.
1	I've been to Rita's a few times and am yet to be impressed. The ice was a lil runny and the custard tasted like old frozen cool whip. I thought maybe it was a one time thing but after several visits, I found nothing has changed. Most of the times I have been there the service was decent but the last time I was there I was less than impressed with how the staff spoke to each other and customers. I love Italian Ice but would rather drive across town than try this place again.
4	Out of vegas and we saw rita's and decide to get a sweet cold treat.  I had a sour ice that was pretty good.  They sure do have tons of flavors for sure.  The have some great gelato also if that's what your into.
5	Oh my GAWD!Love at first bite! First of all, why don't more people go to this spot? I had the vanilla custard with the black cherry ice. Gelatini--- I think that's what it is called, I basically inhaled the product. Right to the hips baby! But worth it!
4	I finally found an occasion to visit these guys: my half-birthday.Yes, they give out coupons for a free regular Italian Ice on the halfway point between birthdays. Yes, I was too lazy to go (and a fool not to go) on my actual birthday. And yes, I am a huge sucker for mango flavors. So I am deliberately giving this place only 4 stars until I visit a second time to try to avoid these biases.However, the texture is really good and the flavor is solid. I hadn't had Italian Ice before, so I thought that it might be something like shaved ice, but it really isn't. The flavor is consistent in every bite and the texture is really nice like a sorbet  I did have a sample of some sort of chocolate flavor, but it didn't work well without dairy support.Also, I just realized that I can probably get two flavors at least in my next cup. Guess I'd better come back soon to rectify my mistake.
5	Italian ice was amazing. I can do without the ice cream on the top. I literally scooped it off and tossed it on the side of the road.
4	My first time ever hearing of Rita's, but I am glad we stopped.The custard is kind of like soft serve ice cream but creamier (or more eggy, but in a good way).The staff was very friendly, and the Italian ice is really tasty with loads of revolving fun flavors.I came here twice in my week visit to Vegas and would for sure come again!
4	My family all love Rita's! They are fast, the owners and the kids working are all super friendly.  I could eat this stuff everyday.  The main reason we don't, besides the calorie/sugar load? Seating, or I should say, the lack of seating. 100+ degree days and 2 young kids that only ever want a cone would equal a disaster, if we had to stand outside. Besides, some days I just want to sit with them and chat while we swoon over the classic twist cone.  But with only a two person bench out front I spend all my time telling them to " hurry up and lick faster"! Hardly relaxing. Also, there is only a storefront, and no bathrooms. Could be awkward with kids. I'm sure the Subway sandwich shop 1 door down, gets some extra restroom traffic because if this. So the product and shop are fantastic, which is really what is important, but those other two issues will hold back a star until they change it.  Which, judging from the location, is not close to possible.  Still if standing up outside is not a bother ( and we do it as often as weather allows) don't hesitate. It's that good!
3	This review is more about the lack of service than the quality of the Italian Ice I bought at Rita's. I totally enjoyed the Italian ice and the flavors I sampled. They have regular and one or two sugar flavors. I tried the Black Chery Italian Ice and the Lemon and loved it. But, the 2nd time I visited the store on Sunday, 6/23/13 to buy a Mango Peach sugar-free ice for a friend of mine the 2 young ladies working there were not very pleasant. Every time I asked the person waiting on me a question she would look at her coworker as if she was supposed to answer for her... despite the fact that her coworker was waiting on a customer and didn't know she was expected to answer my question. They acted like working there was a punishment. I went around noon when the store had just opened so perhaps they were tired from the day before. I don't know about you but I still enjoy friendly and pleasant service.
4	I have not been in yet...but friends have brought me the sugar free a few times.I really enjoy.  None of that normal sugar free after taste.  I am dying to go back.
3	The custard is not the best in the land.  The Italian ice offers a wide, unique flavor variety and is excellent quality, but I think I'm more of a custard person myself; it would be nice to have an equally high quality custard to match the Italian ice.  I am a big fan of the idea to combine the two.
3	It was OK, service was fast, the prices just the same as everywhere else.The custard was super creamy, but I dunno, I was just not impressed, my kids loved their Italian ice. There is nowhere to sit inside the store and the place is tiny, so if you go during the Mid summer heat expect to eat your custard in the car, which is what we did.
4	Woooooooo! My friend who is from Boston put this on me and I've been hooked since. Especially since it's UBER hot that this hits the spot. I got the strawberry Italian ice with vanilla gelato and LOVE how the texture of the ice reminded me of Otter Pops....I love otter pops!The gelato on top didn't do it for me but, I'll most def be back for the Italian ices.Lines here are sometimes cray and the workers seem unhappy but, the ice makes up for it for me.
5	I really wasn't looking forward to going here, but our guest in town insisted, because someone she knows, told her she had to go and check it out.  So ya'll know how it is when guest come to town, you have to do the whole tourist thing! So we got there, they were spit-shining this place!  OMG, if they weren't serving anyone, they were shining it up!  I don't think you understand!  They were on the floor, on there hands and knees! So I thought it was just going to be like and Icee!  Nope, it was like an ice, but it was creamy in the mouth like ice cream.  I tasted several flavors, cotton candy, and watermelon was my favorite.My husband got the custard!  That wasn't Italian Ice, it was a custard, but it was kinda weird, it wasn't cold like ice cream, it was a lot warmer than I liked.   My husband loved it, but he's a custard lover.We also met Rita.....He's a man, very nice guy, he also gave us a couple of buy on get one free coupons.  We will return.
5	We came here on a Sunday night and got a regular sized gelati for 4.10*Up to 2 flavors of Italian Ice Cream*Choice of custard (Chocolate, vanilla, swirl)- Next to Galleria Mall- Custard is creamy!- Need the custard to balance the Italian Ice. Perfect combo.- Really sweet! We got the Swedish fish and tropical flavor- Better than CJs, but more expensive. - DL their app, sign-up, so that you can get a punch card. buy 8 get 1 free.- BTW, password needs to be more than 6 characters or you can't proceed!
5	Yelp pretty much says it. AS GOOD AS IT GETS. Rita's fills the craving if you want a slurpee, ice cream, a milkshake, any dessert!! I was so happy when they first came to Vegas. I am a HUGE Italian Ice fan, and my other half likes the custard. Here you can choose to blend the 2 together and create a misto. I really love the black cherry ice. The owner, Mr. Dobbs, is such a sweet man. He truly teaches his team the meaning of good customer service. I have never once went into Rita's and had a bad experience. As a matter of fact, they are the type of employees that go out of their way to make you happy, even if it means sampling 5 flavors. I was lucky enough to get my hands on some coupons and let me just tell you, every single one will be going to use!
2	The customer service here is lackluster at best and in my opinion that is just as important as having a quality product. I ordered the custard and Italian  ice (Swedish Fish flavored) combination.  The flavor was okay, but the texture resembled the soft serve that most fast food chains sell for a dollar or less. To my knowledge (and in my experience), custard is rich, dense, and flavorful. The kids will probably enjoy the ride and appreciate a frozen treat, but it is not the real deal.
4	They have lots of flavors to choose from and you can always count on finding something you like. My choice of flavor today was Island Fusion.  The flavors remind me cantelope? A very tropical flavor. All of them are pretty sweet, but not too sickening sweet. I can tolerate up to a regular size. The consistency is pretty smooth and icy brain kinda freeze cold! Can you get sugar free??..yes.Is it guilt free??...I'm not too sure.... I've been on a counting calories kick lately and a regular size Gelati w/custard will set you back  400 calories.(via myFitnessPal)  But who's counting?It's just take n go, no seating area except for the two benches out in front and it's crazy busy with the line going outside the door during the warm weather season. Don't let that deter you though. The wait wasn't long at all and their friendly staff didn't miss a beat when it came time to help us.
4	This placed was introduced to me by my new boss! Amazing! The different flavor, the taste, the Custard!I  definitely going back! Why not 5 star? Customer service was good but not great. Hey I use to be there so I understand.
3	This place was okay, maybe because the italian ice was pretty sweet, but what am I saying, it's dessert, it's supposed to be sweet! The custard was pretty solid and the combo of the ice with the custard was pretty good. All in all, A-Ok in my book :)
4	The ices and custard here are delicious! I got a "gelati" with chocolate frozen custard and cookies & cream italian ice. Definitely something new, and the combination of the textures was quite delicious.The staff were friendly, and someone (I think it was the owner) went out of his way to come out the back and tell me "Thank you very much for coming here." He sounded so sincere and earnest and I really appreciated it. The girl behind the counter also took the time to explain the different variations of the frozen treats (i.e. what is a gelati) and since this was my first time coming here, it was definitely helpful.My only complaint (which is why my rating is 4 stars instead of 5 stars) is that there isn't really any place to sit here, only a couple benches outside, so I basically had to take my treat to go. Luckily I live close by, but in crazy triple digit weather, I can see this potentially being a problem.
5	My wife and I go for the custard.  We get the twist in a waffle cone and it is thick and tasty!  The place is clean too and the people that work there are nice.
5	The different flavors are all amazing! So far I've tried the watermelon, Florida orange, juicy pear, and mango Gelati. I've also sampled the red velvet and wild black cherry which were equally amazing!There are many other choices, too!I've yet to try a Blendi. They blend Italian ice, custard, and your choice of candies or Oreo cookies together.
4	I had never had this glorious treat until one of my fellow writers on GotGame introduced me to it at a conference in LA. Lucky for me, Rita's is not in LA -- it's right down the road from me.I mean, what's not to like? Cool treats that melt on your tongue, plenty of flavors, nice people... it's simple goodness.Sometimes simple is just plain nice. YEAH I SAID IT LAS VEGAS WITH ALL YOUR FANCY PANTS LIGHTS AND MAGICAL DANCING FOUNTAINS AND CIRQUES OF SOLEILS AND STUFFS! So there.
5	Love Rita's great Ices and the staff is very good.  My favorite place to bring the kids for a treat.
5	YUMMY! Today was such a perfect day for this! it was my first time here and i asked the girl at the counter this is my first time here and how does it work. she explains to me the different type of flavors they have and you can either have it mix with the custard/italian ice. or just custard or just the italian ice. I went  ahead and choose the mix. for italian ice i got the mango and vanilla custard. she fills up the cup with some custard in the cup then the mango ice and topped it with more vanilla custard. try this place out ! you wont be  disappointed. Im def going back to try more flavors!!!
5	What can I say? I'm hooked!I've always driven right past Rita's on my way to Target. I had always been curious but hadn't stepped foot inside. I had been craving frozen yogurt but there aren't any close places around. So I admit it, I settled on Rita's and oh so glad I did.The establishment is small, clean, and bright. It was my first time there and the cashier was more than helpful. I was able to sample the ice before finally choosing and she was more than patient.When I finally took the first bite of my green apple ice with vanilla custard, I thought that I had died and gone to food heaven. The custard was so creamy and smooth, my taste buds were more than happy. You will not be disappointed!
4	GOOD ITALIAN ICE MEMORIESI lived in the DMV (DC, Maryland, Virginia) for a couple of years and you could tell when winter was officially over when the local Rita's Italian Ice would post their reopening date. And every summer evening there would long lines to their serving windows. Back East, Rita's would shut down for the winter. In Hendertucky, they're open all year long. No excuses not to visit with our mild winters.
1	The custard was very tasty! HOWEVER, I will never return to eat it again because the customer service here was beyond rude! My niece was leaning on the counter deciding what she wanted but as any other 6 year old would do, she was messing with the tinsel decoration they had on the sides of the counters. She wasn't  tearing it off, she was just playing with it with her fingers. The female worker immediately snapped at her and told her to stop. She should have went about it a whole different way. She could have asked me, THE GUARDIAN of my niece, to tell her to stop. But instead, she snapped at my niece and by the time we got into the car my niece didn't even want to eat the ice cream because she felt like she didn't deserve it because the lady was angry with her. Worst experience I have ever had with my niece all because of an over the top rude employee!
5	Fantastic Italian Ice! ...and always have a sugar free flavor for those who need it!!!
4	Good experience!Yesterday, my friend invited me to enjoy Italian food, its taste's quite different from our daily food. the most impression was their customer service, oh you would be treated carefully and funny- they were super humorous and i love them.The great spot for your dinner, i recommend.
4	I first had Rita's in DC and then subsequently in NJ. This place is awesome and very refreshing for Las Vegas heat. I recommend Lemonade Misto Shake, the Chocolate Custard with sprinkles, or a Vanilla Gelati with Mango Ice.One vice however..  I can understand that on the East Coast this place normally closes for the winter season (who wants frozen treats in negative snow weather?) BUT with the fact that this franchise has expanded to the West Coast where the cold isn't nearly as brutal.. I think they need to rethink their business plan and figure how to afford staying open through a 70 degree "winter". Just a little disappointed because I called ahead (no answer) and ended up just driving 20 mins to satisfy my Rita's craving only to find that they are "Closed for the Winter" and "Will see us in March". I'd say they're losing good traction and revenue being closed for such a long time. Another suggestion is to have a voicemail system indicating that they are closed. It was my mistake for not checking the website (although it says open "Year Round"). Anyhow, I guess I'll have to go to the S Rainbow location in the meantime..
5	Great service and the mango ice is pure heaven! The staff was very friendly and they get skimpy on the servings. So glad they are open for the spring/summer season!
2	First visit, amazing! Second visit, not so much. They are really skimpy on their servings. We said something to them about it, and they responded back with a snarky remark. They just lost customers.
4	Perfect for a hot day! Vegas traveling in late May calls for gelato and more gelato! All flavors are great!
5	If you haven't tried Italian ice before it can be easily compared to shaved ice, but the texture of Italian ice is way more smooth and much easier to eat. My favorite flavor would have to be cotton candy it's not too sweet and made just right. You could even have frozen custard with your Italian ice. Rita's has other things to offer like milk shakes, sundaes, and cream ice, which is just like Italian ice but much creamier. Rita's is a great place to go to for a nice cold treat on a hot summer day.
4	The frozen custard here is wonderful! The swirl (chocolate and vanilla) is some of the best I've ever had, including New Jersey, New York, Detroit, and Chicago! The Italian ice is also really good, although some of the flavors are odd to me.The store is SUPER small, so don't expect to pack more than 5-6 people in here without some discomfort. But the service is quick, usually very helpful and polite (I only had one iffy situation) and they make the trip worth it!
3	after experiencing Joes in Cali, i was up for some custard. yep custard it is delicious and creamy, but wow EXPENSIVE! 2 large custards and 1 qt to go..$19.00! yikes3 stars, service was okay, could have been more outgoing and informed,when i asked how much was in a large, 5 swirls...hardly 4.79 worth.4.09+.70 for a spoonful of sprinkles quart= 10.99 wow!
4	I was so excited to come here!!  The custard was amazing I give it a 5 but the icee I wasn't to fond of overall I tried lemon lime cherry chocolate chip strawberry-mango and cucumber melon..  And only really liked the last 2 flavors so as long as u make the right combinations up have a great experience here
5	This is my jam! I first discovered Rita's when I lived in Jersey. They call it water ice. It has actual fruit chunks in it. They have tons of flavors and they are always changing them out. I love the wild black cherry & red sour patch gelati. That's when you get water ice and custard. It's on point!I remember the first day I saw the sign up stating they were putting a Rita's right across the way from the Ross we frequent and I literally screamed like an 10 year old girl at a 1990 NKOTB concert. That's how much I loved Rita's on the east coast. I use to go to them in Philly & Jersey and they were just sooo bomb on those hot summer days. I waited patiently for months until the day of the "Now Open" sign being raised and was there to get my first west coast Rita's which I must say they did not miss a beat. It's just as delicious! Thank you Rita's for bring me a slice of east coast into my west coast world.
4	The Italian Ice was great. The Gelati thing, well of 4 of us, none of us liked the custard by itself, the Gelati wasn't so bad. I was actually going to give you three stars, then I realized custard isn't even in the name of the shop. You do ices very well, so I bumped it up one. I would highly recommend a hidden cam mystery shopper though. The employees were great, the User Experience needs a great deal of help. Compared to In-N-Out burger Rita's is the opposite. You have to get everything on the menu explained. You should have faux items split it half with callouts to explain everything. "It's like a Blizzard?" Why not just tell your customers to go to Dairy Queen? I guarantee DQ focused on core experience for many years before they felt the need to go on a marketing mission to pump up sales. I.E. Enter the Blizzard to break a plateau. You? Focus on Fundamentals! Get a following, build a line down the street. Burger, yes or no. Fries and a shake with that? Here you go, come back real soon ya hear!!! Drop the Gelati to an Animal Fries like item. It doesn't have to be on the menu. Make it so that only people who are in the know-know it exists. Etc... If it's 110 degrees outside and your staff is waiting for a customer to show up. You're not doing it right. Maybe not wrong, but Purple Penguin is kicking your butt and they can't even stand up in their cart.The sad thing for me is that I was laying in bed at 1am in San Francisco (Ca) and couldn't sleep because this review was festering inside my skull. Whew!
4	My daughter took me here today and i never knew this was here and i got the orange ice mix with vanilla ice cream and it was so good and cooled me off on such a hot day.... service was good place was clean and owner was very friendly...
3	Food was great! I had pear and pineapple ice with custard. Service was poor we didn't feel welcomed seems like the kids tonight were in a rush to close and clean up although we came 45mins to closing time.  The girl working made me feel bad about asking for a sample. She wasn't nice and really short and both the people working that night didn't even explain the menu to us or what's popular.
5	So we went to Rita's after dinner for dessert my wife had them peach Italian ice and I had the vanilla frozen custard.  The vanilla frozen custard was without a doubt rich and creamy delicious a definitely a winner.  I would recommend Rita's to anybody who is looking for an after dinner treat, a midafternoon snack or just a fun place to take the kids.
