4	Sammy's is a good place.  There's not a whole lot going on as far as charm or character, but it's got decent food.  They have a variety of tapas to start you off, a lot of specialty pizzas, pstas, sandwiches, etc.  And starting at about $10 a pie (these are individuals with lots of leftovers imminent) they're not too expensive. This location houses an attached bar that is a secluded and surprisingly awesome place to hang out at, whether you're having a meal or not.
4	Great 24 hour menu with everything from tapas to pizza to supped up bar food choices.  They have a happy hour from 4pm-7pm and 12am to 8am where the drinks are 2 for 1 and all tapas is half price.  I can't think of another place that offers kobe beef hummus can you?The pizza wasn't bad but not one of the best in Vegas.  I do like that they offer fat free mozzerella as a choice.  The thin crust pizzas tasted better than the wood fired ones.  They have a TON of different cheeses for pizza including gouda, goat and bulgarian cheese.   The atmosphere is nothing to go crazy about...standard small bar but who cares with a menu like this?I am definitely going back here for late night dinner.
3	Went for lunch here on a whim and enjoyed our meal. Nice selection on the menu with a variety of flavors and vegetarian meals.Started with the Crab, Shrimp, and Artichoke Dip. GF's choice...I thought I would hate it. Turned out to be my favorite part of the meal. Topped with bubbly Romano cheese and served with herb rubbed pita bread. I really loved this. Oh ya and it had huge chunks of soft and sweet garlic.We shared the Sun-dried Tomato and Goat Cheese Pizza w/ Pine Nuts. This was also very good but kinda small. Also shared a Beef Skewer Salad. Nice amount of beef ( 6 skewers ) but not much else that was that good...some lettuce, peanuts, bean sprouts, and grilled pineapple ( probably made the whole salad worth it ). The salad was $15.99 and just OK. But is was pretty big. Next time probably skip the salad and order the one I know I like ( Thai peanut ), or another entree. Good for for a decent price. Service was good and tea was great. ( iced passion un-sweetened. ) Nice outside seating also.
4	this place is a great late night hang out. their tapas are half-price after midnight and the drinks are spot on. we go there as a tattoo shop all the time and we love this place.
4	On my drive to and from the Las Vegas Strip, I always pass by a restaurant called Sammy's Woodfired Pizza (http://www.sammyspizza.com). Its usually packed so why not give it a try. Our entertainment book had a coupon for $8 off an item. I guess thats better than nothing. The place on a Friday night was pretty busy. We got there at 6pm right in time for happy hour, 4-7pm. The problem? Happy hour is only in the bar and we really wanted to sit in the restaurant portion. Oh wells... So we sit down at a booth and looked over the menu. The menu looks pretty good and we decided to order two tapas and a woodfired pizza. We order the Hummus with Ground Kobe Beef, Chicken Lettuce Cups, and the LaDou's Barbecue Chicken pizza. Overall the food was pretty good. I would definitely eat here again. The prices were reasonable and the portions likewise. Now if I could only get my hands on some more coupons...
4	Stopped in for lunch on a Saturday and had a great experience. The waitress was helpful and knowledgeable. She had good suggestions and when I mentioned I had some dairy issues, she offered to go light on the cheese on my pizza.The food was all delectable, from the beet/walnut/cheese/spinach salad (surprisingly good with a sweet vinaigrette dressing) to my Thai chicken pizza. Loved it. Would come back for sure.
4	Our Las Vegas friend suggested duck tacos after hanging out and having some drinks for a late night/ early morning (around 4am) snack.  All we needed to hear was tacos and we were in.  The small bar area of this place is open 24/7 so we stopped in for some half priced tapas (happy hour from midnight to 8am) and to chat with Dave, our friend's friend and an incredibly cool guy that was working the overnight shift.  It was 4am and I didn't want to be stuffed before going to bed, so I only ordered a few dishes.  I had the steak skewers with teriyaki glaze and the garlic cheese bread.  Both were good, but the garlic cheese bread was really good in its garlicy and cheesy-ness.  I also had one of the duck tacos from one of the others' plates and it was decent, but if I got it again I'd get it without the creamy tomato cilantro sauce.  Overall, I'd say the food is worth 3 or 3.5 stars, but Dave's coolness bumps this location up to a solid 4 stars.
5	Best pizza in Vegas - and they're open 24 hours! You can order takeout any time of day and the quality is always amazing. The duck tacos are to die for, and they do a great job with hummus and salads. We're working our way through the full pizza menu, and I haven't had one pizza that wasn't head & shoulders above all the other pizza places in Vegas. If you're looking for a good, quality meal late (I'm not talking Taco Bell or Jack In The Box) this is the place to be. Late night dine-in specials include 1/2 off appetizers, and the jukebox isn't half bad...
4	So like i have mentioned in my posts before, we have a perk at work, they pay for our daily lunch. So today we ordered Sammys.. The order was a little larger than normal. We ordered the following:Lebni Soft Cheese 3 Orders of the Lobster Bisque 1 artichoke pizza 1 order of the Mahi tacos 1 Steak rolled Tacos 1 peperoni pizza1 fettuccine AlfredoSo now that you are hungry and thinking about getting lunch I will go on with the review.I called early to put in our order, the woman who answered the phone picked up and addressed me as Sweety.. Yeah I know this is a normal thing but hell it is a nice way to start the conversation. Anyways she took the order and read it back like a pro.  She then let me know that the order would be ready in 20 minutes.. I drove down to get our order and the restaurant was empty except for the staff, having the normal morning conversation you would expect. I paid her and she told me it may be a little wait since I came a few minutes early, 5 minutes later I was leaving with a bag full of goods. After the 3 minute drive back to our office my car smelled like a box of deliciousness. By this time my stomach was beginning to scream at me.. So I unpacked our food and we chowed down.. The lobster bisque was amazing.. Chunks of lobster unlike some other places that add some flavor and not full chunks of lobster, I sampled the artichoke pizza and it was awesome... Now, most of the time the people in my place of employment like to talk talk talk while they eat, its like a scene out of my big fat Greek wedding every day about 11'. But today everyone was Grinding the  chow and after the Feast was done... All that everyone had to say was Wow!! So to sum it all up this place was great from the minute they picked up the phone. Great service, great food, great price. I recommend this place to anyone feeling the need to feed.
5	I like Sammys, it's not bad of a chain. I like that they have something for everyone, different flavor fusions. Pizza has a nice crust and I love all the flavor combos- I like the garlic shrimp so far. Duck tacos were good.My favorite thing is the ahi or salmon sliders. I've been to this one like 3 times and a total of 5 times to a different location so I havent tried much, but all has been good and satisfying portions. Why I give it 5 stars is the service was very attentive, some of the best I've gotten at a casual joint actually. This location has a very attentive staff, back of the house was quick with orders but still cooked things right- kudos! One lunch day in particular a mens baseball team, their kids and familes filled the restaurant soon after we ordered. Our waiter was taking care of us even though they got sieged. Drinks didn't get neglected, had a drink before mine was done. Checked on us often and got our tab taken care of fast.  I do appreciate when people are warm and genuinely friendly- service with a smile does count just as equally as speed and attentiveness.
4	Had the pleasure of having Sammys for lunch again today at work... I ordered the chile lime shrimp tacos.. All i have to say is Sammy you have  done it again. It was amazing, the shrimp was prepared perfect and the chile lime sauce was perfect. We will continue to return with food this good.
4	Mmmm!!! Organic arugula and pear woodfired pizza AND a passion fruit iced tea. My favorite comfort food at my old hangout.=)
5	I am not sure why it has taken me so long to review Sammy's...it was my first favorite eatery in Las Vegas and still ranks in the top 5. I know its a chain, but its regional, and has some history in Las Vegas. This is one of the few places we take out of towners, and one of the few places where my family of very picky eaters can all get something they like. My top 3 favorite things about Sammy's are: 1) The pizza...everyone I get is great but the Margarita pizza is my fave. 2) The tapas...I judge all other edamame by  Sammy's standards. I also love their mac & cheese. 3) Salads...they have beautiful and delicious salads. Additionally, I've never had bad service (at this location or the Sunset location) and I like that the menu's differ by location. I didn't realize this until we hit the Sunset location with my brother (a creature of habit) and they didn't have his favorite dish from the W. Sahara location. Enough rambling...I am glad I live on the West side of town now, as this is my favorite location of the bunch, and it was the first in Vegas...
5	I have been their late every night i go . the grave yard dude is realy cool . me and my girl always get a pizza a app and a salad and have never been dissapointed . place is awsome
4	Oh sammy!!!  Where do I start?Great pizza, great kobe sliders, good edemame ....... wait...... oh... wait...is that the Lebna dish I see in the pic?  Oh yes it is.  That Lebna dish is the ish.  What the?!?!?!?!?!  And a big ball of cotton candy for desert?  Over, son!Why only 4 stars? you might ask.  Well its because I'm always F**kin freezin my butt off cause they have the "AirCon" (for my flips)  on full blast.  Sit outside?  I don't think so.
3	I was disappointed with my latest trip to Sammy's.  I've eaten there at least 6 times before, but this time everything seems to have gone downhill.  To start, there was no host or hostess around, for a while.  It took forever to even get water, and we were seated outside when it was warm out, so the wait seemed even worse.  It wasn't busy inside, so I'm not quite sure what the hold up was.  Our waiter was friendly, but he seemed to disappear for long stretches, and when our food finally came and we had problems with our orders, he was no where to be found, so another server handled the problems.As far as the food, the lebni was great as always.  We tried the new White Tuna and Spinach salad, it was very good.  I wanted to try something other than my usual entree, but I couldn't decide what to order.  The waiter recommended the Organic Arugala and Pear Pizza.  I instead ordered the new Diavola Pizza, wanting to try something different.  What a mistake.  It was horrible.  Slabs of hard salami on spinach, with gouda and peppers.  Just too much of a mish mash of tastes for me.  My boyfriend tried the new Sicilian Pizza, and hated it almost just as much.  They replaced our pizza's with a 5 Cheese and a Mozzerella Pizza at no charge, but at that point both of us had lost our appetite.  Next time I'll stick with something tried and true like the LaDou's BBQ Chicken Pizza or try the waiters recommendation for the Arugala & Pear.
3	I arrived early for a small party here before the rest of the folks did.  Not a problem, I let them know about how many it would be and ordered an appetizer at the bar area.  It kind of angered me they did not get a table ready for us.  Even after they all arrived they still did not get a table ready, they just sat us all at three seperated places near each other.  I moved from the bar, to a table then moved again to another table still in the same party and I could tell the servers were getting mad.  Really it wouldn't have been a problem if they had just prepared a table for us all in the first place.  Though I shouldn't really complain all of our drinks were re-filled constantly and another server (which was not ours) hid and served a birthday cake for the guest of honor.  The restaraunt smelled great and the food was decent but I doubt I'd come here again.
5	Happy Hour at  4-6pm daily-Tapas, Beer and Wine menus at half-price. I LOVE the Baba Ghanoush w/grilled pita bread #nom!!Pizza is only so-so but the macaroni & cheese is GREATTTT!!!Also sign up on their website for the TASTY BYTES and get a FREE Pizza and lots of special offers.
5	Great food! Good atmosphere! They also have a 24hr bar attached which serves the same food and has a happy hour.
4	This place is awesome especially late late nights and you know someone who works behind the bar. Happy hour menu for food is like tacos here in LA but here you can order duck tacos. (I didn't stutter, did I?) Among other things you can order here but you know what? My gravy train is over as I heard our in is gone so it's time to get out. Nothing lasts forever but it was great while it lasted. Thank you very much for the hospitality!!
3	I had eaten at this same restaurant in San Diego, so when I came across one in Vegas, I got pretty excited. Unfortunately, this location wasn't as good. It might be because it's open 24 hours and it's in the worst city to live in, but the service was pretty bad. The pizza we ordered was also more greasy than what I had remembered, and it took forever to get everything. We ordered hummus as an appetizer and they gave us a huge serving of it, with very little pita bread which was annoying. The price and portions aren't bad and I liked that I was just the right amount of full after my meal vs. the usual stuff-your-face buffets scattered throughout Vegas.
4	had the new york pizza, and cheese bread. both pretty good. but not reeeeaallly good. a cool place to go for lunch or dinner, i always like places with out door seating.
2	The room and the vibe wasn't bad but I came in for lunch and there were about 10 people in the room. I got the chicken fettucine at lunch and it was gummy. BooThey did remake the plate. Hope it's better.So upon receiving the remade pasta plate, both the waitress AND I were surprised at the amazing improvement there was. Which had me beg the question: if you knew that the actual dish should (and could) look like what we ended up with,, why on earth would you even send that sub-par  plate of food. Makes me a little nervous about this place.I do, however, like the little outdoor vibe for drinks, so my recommendation is, if you wanna go with some friends after work for a quick after work drink, it might be cute for a bit, but if you want food...it may be good, but it may not be.Apparently the quality control is a bit iffy.
5	Sammy's at W. Sahara has great food, great service, and a great atmosphere!  This is the place to go if you want the ultimate restaurant experience! It also has the best happy hour in town consisting of half off ALL liquor, beer wine, and apps! 4-6 everyday and 12-8am in the Bar.  Definitely a must if ever in the Las Vegas area.
4	Great Mac-and-Cheese for the kid.... Mom and Dad were happy too!
4	This time I strayed away from my usual Hummus and Thai Salad. Those items are both delicious but I figured it was called Sammy's Woodfired Pizza for a reason. I can't let all this time pass and not try the pizza right? The pizza here isn't huge... they are a little bigger than a personal pan pizza at Pizza Hut. Sammy's gives you some healthy options for the crust you can either get wheat crust for a dollar more or gluten free for I think $3.00 dollars more. I opted for the wheat crust because I'm not sure what health benefits gluten free would have on me. I'm not used to making healthy choices but I try...sometimes. I was afraid the crust would be hard and stale but it was very fresh and fluffy inside. My topping for my order was Mozzarella with fresh basil. The cheese was nice and gooey like gum which in my book is a good thing! It was a chilly day so I also ordered a bowl of Lobster Bisque soup. This is my first time having it and I was happy that it had a creamy texture. There were little bits of lobster in it and it didn't leave a weird after taste in my mouth. It was pretty tasty! My husband and I shared the Warm Crispy Donuts which were served with a side of chocolate sauce and raspberry sauce. They melted in your mouth especially with the addicting dipping sauces!
5	I am not really a pizza person and I was kind of worried about going to a restaurant that specialized in pizza.. But I was pleasently surprised! My boyfriend and I came here on a weeknight and it was so great! We ordered hummus before our actual meal and the hummus was so warm and the bread taste like it was made right there in the kitchen! It was so good! We then ordered our pizza and it was a perfect size for just us two and we even took some home! The service was so great and they were attentive with out over doing it! It was such a great experience and I will be back for sure!
4	That sundae is ridiculous. DO IT!
3	Food was good, I had the Thai Chicken pizza and it was good. There were a little too many peanuts in it and the mint was a little too strong. But, it was good and I will try again.
3	I was craving pizza and didn't want to settle for the regular, doughy kind, I wanted a wood fire, thin crust pizza and we drove right by only to make the U-turn. We had been here a few times before, but to be truthful, couldn't recall what I had, but remembered I like it! A quick look at the pizza's and I knew it would be the spicy Italian sausage. When it arrived, it was very thin crust indeed, so thin, the juices from the sausage and mushrooms seemed to have melted through the crust, it was impossible to eat without a utensil. My hubby was trying to do right and keep to his diet, so he ordered the Caesar salad with chicken breast, it had to be the biggest salad, it was big enough for the two of us and then some!  Overall, the staff was quick with the refills, friendly, the place smelled really good, and the pizza, well, I would definitely try again.
4	This is a fave place for our daughters. They are always well treated by the staff and there is something both of them like to eat on the menu.  It is also next to a yogurt shop which sweetens the deal.
5	My wife and I went for Happy Hour the yesterday. They have happy hour everyday from 4-6pm and again the bar area from midnight till 8am. All tapas are half price. we got skewers, pot stickers, coconut shrimp and lettuce wraps with a couple of soft drinks for 25 bucks. Food was very good. Service and price were great. We also tried their new desert which was warm donuts. The waiter said since it was our first time trying it it was on him. Cant beat it. Will defiantly be back very soon for more tapas.
2	Service was very good.  Pizza was just okay.  I came here three years ago and have been thinking about the tiramisu.  They don't have it any more.  Bring it back...thats the reason I came here.  The dessert menu seriously lacks.
2	As you can see from my previous review, I am definitely a fan of Sammy's Wood-fired Pizza. Love the franchise. However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good. I went there for lunch a couple of days ago because I was craving their delicious vegan cheese pizza, add pineapples. It was somewhat busy, but not over-crowded. Although our server was very friendly, service in itself left something(s) to the imagination. I ordered their hummus as an appetizer which never made an appearance. The pineapples from my pizza were absent, but the bug in my boyfriend's drink was very present. For some reason, our pizzas just didn't taste as good that day which greatly saddened us. Who knows? Maybe it was an off day for them. I think I'll just stick with the Sammy's on Sunsent in Hendes from here on out though.
3	I've been here a couple of times now and the pizza is perfectly fine, but nothing special in my opinion.  If you like thick crust pizza, this is not the place for you, everything here is thin and crispy, which happens to be how I like it.  The toppings are fresh and flavorful, but sometimes I wish they would use more of them on the pizza.  The service here has been fine and helpful, and parking is easy as it's a private lot.
5	The bf and I come here for late night eats! We always order the shrimp and crab dip, chicken tequila fettucine and pizza! Fav pizza is the garlic chicken. Never disappointed =)
4	It's lunch. I'm hungry. I want something healthy. It seems like every sentence starts with an "I" word. I'm not shocked. I'm vain, sometimes.Ha.Today, I chose Sammy's. I was out and about Las Vegas with my parents and they tend to be picky eaters. So I thought back to some of my friends who have special meal requests, and I lovingly thought of my friend Katie K. who introduced me to Sammy's a while back. Katie has a distinguished palate when it comes to food, so I figured this would be a good, safe place to bring my parents.We were in the area, so I hopped on Yelp, got some directions, and Boom Boom Pow....we were at Sammy's.Between the three of us, we shared two pizzas. Enough food for everyone on this light afternoon lunch. The vegetarian pizza (eggplant, peppers, onions, and such), and my all time favorite pizza (goat cheese, sauteed wild mushrooms and spinach).Everything was fantastic. Fairly healthy, not overly greasy, full of flavor, and a meal that just makes you happy.Service is very good, and the menu is quite diverse. I can't wait to come back for the Tapas menu!Sammy's is going to be my "go-to" before big night's out in Vegas!P.S. For you chain hater's....yeah, it's a chain. Mostly in San Diego, but it's a great one. Not a major one like CPK though. Local vibe still!P.P.S. There is a 24 Hour Bar attached to this location! Score!
1	This place is garbage.  Every few years I end up here for some reason and by the end of the meal every time I think to myself, "why did I come back here?"The epitome of bad chain-restaurant food.  Their namesake pizza is all dough and the crust is soft.  Crust should be crusty, not like a big slab of white bread.The menu is a bland sampling of everything popular at other restaurants.  Tapas?  Really?  Those are not tapas.  They're appetizers.  Chicken Lettuce Wraps stolen from Pf Chang are not tapas.  Garlic bread, dumplings, baba ghanoush, thai chicken skewers.  What the hell is this menu?  These are appetizers, not tapas.  Also this is a crappy, bready-ass pizza place with wilted lettuce salads and bottled dressings and surely no real chef anywhere near the kitchen.They want to please all of the suburban happy-hour housewives out there sipping an overpriced glass of grocery-store chardonnay so they lay out every bs thing that is trendy on someone else's menu.  Sliders and tapas and wraps and hummus and chicken lettuce wraps and pizza and tacos and burgers and doughnuts.  Enough.If you want sliders, hit slidin thru.  If you want tapas, go to Firefly.  If you have a hankering for pizza, go to Settebello or Aurelio's or Due Forni.  Hungry for tacos?  Los Tacos or Tacos El Gordo.  This place specializes in bad renditions of food done way better elsewhere, made for people who don't know any better or don't care.Just do one thing well!  Your namesake pizza is a disgrace.  Start there.Another warning sign of a crummy restaurant is when you see trademark signs after their menu items.  Welcome to Chili's or Applebee's or Sammy's or whatever other pre-made frozen garbage restaurant with sauces that show up at the backdoor every monday in a  bag.  Everything heated up to order!Bleccch.So bad I get mad.
1	So, after almost 3 hours and spending over $100.00, we were told by our server in the bar, the "regulars" thot we were too loud!  There were maybe 5 people other than our party in the bar, 3 of t hem were alone & playing at the video poker machine.   It's a bar!  Then, when i called to speak with the manager to advise what my feelings were, he stated he would make the regional manager aware of the situation, since she was "right there" & they would contact me.  Still waiting!
4	I love a good salad - and Sammy's has some of my favorites! They have several options in the $10ish range, and service is speedy so it's a great stop for lunch. I like the shrimp salad with feta cheese and sunflower seeds and the chinese chicken salad is a close second. While their pizzas are pretty fantastic (Brie and mushroom, heck yes!), their lighter fare is quite tasty as well.
5	I've been to all four locations at Sahara, 2-15, Flamingo, and Green Valley.  Never got bad service at any of them.  They do tend to get really swamped during lunch time at the Sahara and Flamingo location by businessmen.  They have amazing happy hour pricing between 3pm- 6pm.  I'm just gonna lay out a list of good tapas there.  The mini duck tacos,  the coconut shrimp skewers, chicken lettuce cups, mac & cheese, and the hummus is yum!My favorite pizza is the truffle & brie pizza.  It's crispy, thin crusted, layered with melted brie cheese and mushrooms and truffle oil.  It's a nice change in taste compared to the usual mozarella cheeses used in pizza.  I added prociutto to it sometimes if I'm feeling a little carnivorous. The salads are always ice cold and fresh.  You can't go wrong with the Caesar Salad served with grilled chicken breast.  The romaine lettuce is always ice cold all the times I've had it, and its's served with dressing is savory & tangy.  The Chilled Roasted Vegatable Salad is definitely is my favorite guilt-free salad.  It has edamame, tomatoes, mozarella pearls, spinach, drizzled with olive oil and balsalmic vinegar. If you haven't tried this place out...you're missing out.
4	This is a follow up of my 11/7 review:  i was contacted by the regional manager of sammy's.  She apologized for the lack of management attention & supervision with regards to our situation in which our server minimized us as patrons.  She's invited us to give sammy's another try.  We will, but not @ the west sahara one.  I appreciate the phone validating my review.  Thank yiu.
2	Brought friends to enjoy a nice Friday night dinner. I was recommended to this place and went there last night. Food was alright but we were laughing and having a good time when they asked our party to keep quiet. We found out the lady who complained left before the bartender told us but still insisted we tone down our "good" time. We spent $140 in meals and drinks so we got up , paid our bill and we will never go to this place ever.
1	I used to like Sammy's until today! I ordered a grilled shrimp salad and I was enjoying it until I saw a cricket all covered in my dressing without legs, so I supposed or either those legs where somewhere else in my salad or I already ate them. I went to the bathroom and puked it up. They just said: Sorry!, and paid for it. People!, check the food before it gets out from the kitchen or at least, cover it so nothing lands on it. Disgusting!!
3	This is my first review for this branch of Sammy's.  We've been here many times before, so it's unfortunate for them that I chose to review it this time.The last few visit to Sammy's have been at their Centennial and Flamingo locations, and I raved about it.  This time wasn't such a fortuitous event.  We shared one of their Tapas appetizers, the hummus with kobe beef, and that was fabulous.  It came with triangles of seasoned pita that stayed crisp to the end, and we sure did finish every drop of the hummus.We followed it up with our standard - The Thai chicken salad.  The last time we had this was at the Centennial Sammy's, and it was so big we couldn't finish it.  This time it was skimpy, with half the amount of chicken, and not enough of the greens for us to be fully satisfied, and I'm not a big eater.  There used to be two sizes of this salad, but it was changed before we had it at Centennial, so it's definitely not a case of us having ordered a larger size last time.When we commented to the waiter (our waitress seemed to have disappeared and he was the only one working the room), he asked if we wanted to change it for something else.  We didn't.  It was late, and we'd already gone through most of it, which wasn't hard to do this time.  He then asked my husband if he'd like another beer.  It sure sounded as if he were comping it as a result of our negative comment, but when he brought the bill, there was the charge for that second beer!!  He did remove it, but it seemed to go hand in hand with the indifferent and unfriendly service that took over when our waitress split.This Sammy's is a bit closer to our house than the others, and is usually more convenient when we're on our way back from the Strip or environs, but next time we'll have to rethink it.
4	I love this place! I get off work late so I end up coming to the bar for late night dinner about once a week. After 2AM is their happy hour, all appetizers are half off! (As well as beer specials). The duck tacos, chicken satays, and steak skewers are a must try. So bomb! I've had two different bartenders/servers. One is alright, the other is great! Super friendly and cheerful. One person in our group was trying to pick a song with their jukebox which wasn't working at the time, so our server gave us a list of stations we could choose from. Although we didn't change it, it was very thoughtful of him. Wish I could remember his name.We will be back!
3	Sitting here trying to think of what to say in my review for Sammy's.   I've been close a few times to just closing it and revisiting it another day when it suddenly dawned on me:  my writer's block is BECAUSE of Sammy's.   Allow me to explain:5 star reviews are easy because you just can't wait to spill your guts about your love for that place and you want to describe every component of your meal as if you were extolling the virtues of your children.  Vice versa for 1 star reviews: the hyperbole and metaphors just write themselves when the server ignores you for an hour or your $15 burger is ice cold in the middle.   3 stars though on yelp?  "A-OK."  ?   Where's the fun in that? Sammy's delivers decent, but unspectacular food with good to great service with average value for your dollar.   -SLAP-  Wake up!I go here once every few weeks because a friend of mine at work loves their Ahi Tuna burgers.   I've had them.  They're okay.  Yup.  "A-OK".   I've also tried their Mini Salmon Burgers, their mini kobe beef burgers, their white tuna and spinach salad, their chicken and hummus wrap, the Diavola pizza, and the Oak Roasted Salmon Filet.   They were all... you guessed it.  "A-OK".  Yaaaaaaaaaawwn.  Where was I?     Nothing has blown my mind.  Nothing has gotten me on the phone with the Clark County Health Department.   Everything has satisfied me (okay except the Salmon Filet because it was $16 and really not worth that), and unfortunately for the entertainment value of this review, nothing has offended me.   They do give a discount for CSN employees (and maybe students?  I didnt ask because I don't really care), so props for that!   So yeah, 3 stars.  If you made it to this part of the review, you deserve a compliment.   Go you!
5	On a scale of 1 to 10, the Chilled roasted veggie salad was a solid 11.   Loved the combination of flavors and the dressing was excellent. GF menu. Pretty good GF pizza.  Good wheat crust pizza. Very good coconut shrimp skewers. Love their commitment to sustainability. There was an issue with presenting the free pizza coupon on my smart phone, but they made an exception and took care of it.  loved that it was nice and mellow in there: nice break from the typical Vegas experience.  Worth the 10 minute drive from downtown.  Great outdoor seating.
4	A couple g.f.'s & I meet at Sammy's every few months for what is one of our tried & true, favorite happy hours ($2 off glasses of wine, half off tapas til 6p). Last nite, the 3 of us had 6 glasses of wine, 4 tapas dishes & mini donuts (not part of hh but so delish!) for $57. If I rated just last nite's experience, it'd get 3 stars, due to a major service issue where we were seated then not so much as even looked at for 10min. To my dismay, I had to be kind of a jerk to get someone to acknowledge us. But, from there, our waitress was very attentive & even checked on us right before 6 to see if we wanted more wine/tapas before hh ended. I give the sum of all our experiences there a strong 4 stars, though. All of the tapas items are very tasty. Going directly from our respective offices, we like the convenient location. Plus, it's not a wild happy hour that we'll be paying for at work the following day. There's plenty of room for those shenanigans but sometimes it's nice to just meet up with friends, talk without yelling & put down the cocktails for a glass or two of wine.
5	One of my favorite places off strip. Good pizza and Mediterranean options. I love their lobster bisque and their hummus with garlic pita bread. Good selection of beers too.
5	Love this place!!!  Arnold and Jamie are great!! The best service I have ever had!
5	Great food!!! Everyone at the table loved their food, plus the staff is amazing!!!! Arnold and Jaime were the best.  Wish I lived here to visit more!
2	Work nearby Sammy's on W Sahara and had lunch there at least three time a week for past two years. They just changed their menu, took off a lot of good old favorites and added funky new items that are not that great. Do not like it and will search for new lunch hang out. Sammy's WHY did you change a GOOD THING???  Was not a smart move.
1	We used to come here often because it's close to downtown, open late, and had vegan pizza. But after a few weeks of not going, we went last night and found out that they no longer carry vegan cheese and don't make vegan pizzas. This is a big disappointment and we won't be going back.
5	Loved this place. Their pizza and salads are so good. There was five of us so we decided to order 3 salads and share since they are huge and ordered 2 woodfired pizza's (Margherita and Pepperoni). I really enjoyed the salad I picked: the Chilled Wild Mexican Shrimp. My sister ordered the Caesar salad which was average and the other one we ordered was the Red Quinoa which I wasn't crazy about. I didn't like the quinoa and it was kind of spicy but that is more my personal preference. Everyone else loved it but hands down everyone loved the Chilled Wild Mexican Shrimp. The pizza was good...nice and thin for the woodfired. I wonder how thin their thin pizza's are. I thought the pizza's would be a little bigger though but after eating the salads first, it was a good amount of pizza to eat...not too much. The service was good...friendly and attentive. The prices are reasonable too. The best part had to be the dessert: all five of us shared the Messy Sundae (vanilla ice cream covered in chocolate and caramel sauce with walnuts and whip cream). Soooo good. There was even some left over after all five of us digged in. However, the ice cream was put in this weird plastic like wine cup which made it kind of hard to get the ice cream out and the chocolate fudge on the bottom didn't make it easier because it made the cup slide. I would recommend they change the presentation of the sundae into a bowl to make it easier for sharing.
2	Went here friday night for dinner with hubby. We had not been here for a few years and we were excited to try it again. We wanted to love it... But found everything to be just ok... Kinda disappointing. Service was slow, even though it was not that busy (our first clue we Probably picked the wrong place to eat). The restaurant was very warm... I am always  old (even in las vega summers) but the first thing I asked the waitress aw to please have the ac turned down as I was sticking to my shirt after only a few minutes in my booth. She agreed that it was warm,but thought it was because she was working hard. It never cooled off much after our initial discussion. Oh well... Food was ok... Not great and not bad enough to send back. Grilled shrimp salad was soggy, over dressed ( forgot to ask for dressing on the side), soup was hot, weird oily creaminess. I did not like the leftover coating in my mouth so hubby ate this. Garlic bread was over greasy... Really it was a white pizza, not garlic bread like I thought. Bar far, the worst part of the meal was a salad that we took home for our daughter. We ordered the chopped sAlad to go. We did not bother to. Heck it before we left the restaurant (would never have occurred to me!). When she opened the sAlad, she thought we were playing a joke on her. There were 4 small cubes of chicken,6 small pieces of copped tomAto, a sprinkle of chopped black olives and about 4 cups of shredded lettuce!  We could not find anything else in this sAlad... She deconstructed everything, cut up her own tomAto, shredded some cheese, removed more than half of the shredded lettuce and had her dinner. Still An anemic salad, but when it's late Nd youRe hungry, what are you going to do? Horrible... There is no way they would have served this salad in the restaurant. I feel ripped off! I would have called to complain, but then they would probably offer to replace or give a coupon. No thanks, I have no desire to go back... Even for free meal!
4	Out of town family went here because the reviews were decent and they had gluten-free pizza.  My wife has tried many gluten-free pizzas and felt like this one was decent especially since they had a good selection of toppings and they were cooked well.Overall, we found it to be a good family-oriented dining experience with good service.
4	Totally love this CA chain! Went in not knowing what to expect and came out a convert. Didn't help that we told the waiter it was our first visit when we received the check and he brought us the "Messy Sunday"... gratis! A HUGE wine glass full of premium ice cream, overflowing with hot fudge, caramel, nuts whip cream and a cherry! I digress... back to the front of the meal. The salads were fantastic (quinoa and red beet salad) big enough to split. Combine with a thin,crispy, wood-fired pizza with fresh and innovative toppings and you have a great meal. Alot of the stuff is organic and you can taste the difference.Went back for their tapas half-off happy hour and that was fun... the wok-fried peppers, garlic cheese bread, lettuce cups, tofu and beer came out to $21.
4	Sammy's at Sahara is a relaxing, comfortable place for happy hours:4-6pm AND Midnight-8am! - It also has a smoke-free, 24-hr Tavern!Before coming to this Sahara location, my wife and I had visited another Sammy's by Durango/Elkhorn and we loved it (separate review). I am glad to report that this Sahara locale also has all the niceties typical of Sammy's. It has the same great HH menu with $2 off drinks and half price tapas, and excellent service! Although its patio has only a view of the parking lots, it does have a charming fire pit. The restaurant has an impressive building exterior; a nice entrance through the patio; a comfortable bar counter and 2 wings of small dining areas. Next to one side of the dining room is its famous 24-hr Tavern.MY HAPPY HOUR EXPERIENCE:- Per fellow Yelpers' good recommendations, I dropped by this nice place 2days ago for early happy hour, and had a delightful experience.  As expected, since it was a Monday, the place was not crowded, with only a few tables of guests. - Thinking out loud: If they extend the happy hours to 7pm (like Gordon Biersch, Kona Grill, Embers, and Chicago Brewing Co.), it might draw more people coming after work.Here, I enjoyed, once again, the pork dumplings (3.50), and mini duck tacos (5.25), a beer (3) and a cab (5), all of them just as tasty as those served at the other Sammy's! Being by myself this time, though, I couldn't get all my favorite dishes. Sigh! I had to pass up the garlic cheese flat bread and the lettuce cups! Would have been even nicer with more people to share and sample more temptations! My bill came to a reasonable $18 (plus tips). Not bad!The waitress was very friendly. But she was working all alone for our section, so was not too attentive, though adequate. One of the managers (Jeff?) was helping her out, though, which is a mark of excellence for management. Another friendly lady manager (Heather) also dropped by at various tables to chat a little with customers. Both managers were super pleasant, making customers feel welcome. They pointed out to me the unique features of this particular locale, such as the reverse happy hour (midnight-8am) and its 24-hr Tavern, which is supposed to be smoke-free, too. - Yah, I'm putting this locale on my own "List of Favorite Bars in the Summerlin Neighborhood Area for Happy Hours"!Peterskis, October 2012--
3	This was one of my favorite places. I'm a bit bitter because they removed numerous menu items several months ago. One of my favorites was a shrimp, crab, & artichoke dip served w/ warm pita bread. Another was the steak tip sandwich. I ventured into this location a month ago to find out that alot more items than just these ones were removed.I gave it a chance since it's Sammy's! I tried the Oak roasted chicken. It was tender, juicy, & delicious! Outside of that item, nothing popped out at me since I was not in the mood for pizza. Which btw the way they have GREAT pizza & you can see it being made.Staff is always friendly & knowledgeable of the menu. Never a wait even at lunch time! Don't forget about their happy hour which is 4-6pm!
5	Had an amazing dining experience. The staff was fantastic especially the manager, Jeff.  Thanks for continually giving fabulous service.
4	I come here at least once a week only for their salads, so don't be misled by the name as i rarely eat pizza (not they don't look delicious), their large variety of specialty salads they have designed on their menu is delectable and i for one especially like that they have the option to add extra thick juicy grilled chicken for a reasonable price. You don't know how many times at other restaurants I'm confronted by a waiter's bewildered expression like i'm speaking foreign or they don't know what to do, so they try  to charge you double. Let's  face it, if you're trying to eat right by incorporating salads in the usual method of trying to fill up on protein not fatty foods when you're dining, then i strongly recommend this place. There's only a handful of restaurants I can count where sometimes I can't eat the whole salad and these extra large portions can be a challenge. I wish they had these in Los Angeles, my other part time residence.
5	Best  Caesar salad with the blackened chicken I have ever eaten. Have to buy the dressing
3	This particular Sammy's always seems full of people. Our server was very helpful in explaining the menu items and even went out of her way to ask if the kitchen could make an item that was no longer on the menu (hummus with kobe beef, served with lettuce cups). We also ordered a gluten-free garlic shrimp pizza and the messy sundae for dessert.I was sharing the pizza with my friend, and he is not a fan of green peppers which came on the pizza. We asked if they could be omitted, our server went to the kitchen to ask. When she came back, she said that the pizza toppings for this particular one were "premixed" and could not be changed. That was a little disappointing to hear. What else is "premixed" here? But we ordered the pizza anyways and picked off the green peppers. As as far as gluten free pizzas go, it was alright. The garlicky flavor went very well with crust.I do like that they serve iced tea in pitchers. I drink through that stuff like nothing.
4	This is probably my favorite chain restaurant and I rarely get the pizzas. I'm totally in love with their fish taco entree, the mini duck taco appetizer, lobster mac and cheese and the greek salad. I love coming here in the evenings and finding a seat outside by the fire pit. The inside dining room is nice too and rather lounge-y versus diner-y. Happy hour is great here for the 1/2 price apps and drink specials. And one in awhile I'll find a buy one get one coupon in an Entertainment guide and I'll rush down to this restaurant to use it.
2	Wife and I stopped recently for lunch.  She ordered the chicken wrap; me the Chinese chicken salad.  It took nearly 30 minutes to get the order filled.  Waitress apologized.  Said the chicken was being fresh cooked.  Manager finally came by and offered us a free tapas to ease the wait (nice touch).  But when dishes finally arrived, I found about 5 pieces of chicken in my heaping salad that taste wise had been compromised by an over generous drenching of some kind of dressing (sesame oil, I think) that produced more heat than taste.  Wife's wrap was more robust with chicken, but not noticeably fresh cooked.  Overall, a poor experience.
5	They have a patio out front to enjoy the weather or you can sit at the bar or a booth or a table.The servers are friendly and enthusiastic. They have a nice wine list and happy hour daily from 3- 6 pm. The decor is dark yet calming. Pizza is their specialty but there are other appetizers and main dishes to chose from also. I have yet to try their desserts but from the ones that were on other tables, they look very scrumptious.I gave Sammy's a 5 for their vegetarian/vegan options.
5	the vegan menu is back and all is good in the world. Love coming here for the shishito peppers and baba ganoush. Thanks for listening, Sammy's!
4	I have been to Sammy's a few times. It seems to have a great location that is a great in-between for people who live close to the strip and people who live in Summerlin. I find myself always full when I leave this place. The staff is extremely efficient. The last time I was there, my ice tea never got below 1/2 full. I always start with the Hummas! It is sooo yummy!!
2	I've heard good things about this place so I was very excited to try it out.  However, I was not impressed. When I got there I was given a glass for my water and the glass was water stained...then came my food, um...it looked like it was clean either. There were orange streaks marks all over the white plate I had my salad on! The food was decent but if I do EVER go back here it definatly won't be this location! No bueno!
4	I've eaten here several times and the food has been excellent every time. Seriously...2 years later my boyfriend is still talking about the Kobe burger sliders with the aioli. I recommend the Thai chicken satays or the Greek salad.
3	Service was awesome. Pizza was kinda bland. I had the pepperoni pizza and I had to douse it with ranch dressing... But the service was awesome... lol
4	This review is for the bar attached to the restaurant...which by the way serves the full Sammy's menu 24/7.  Kevin B. and I stopped in here last week for some chow after work at about 8.  The place had quite a few patrons inside...many of which seemed to be regulars.  Despite the fact that the sole bartender was running both the bar and lounge area we received really great service.  He greeted us immediately upon sitting down and provided great service throughout the meal.  Our beers were comp'd for play and the pizza was quite good; we had the New York Style with mushrooms, pepperoni, salami, and italian sausage.  The pizza size is plenty to share if you have a salad or an app.  There's also a touch-tunes machine in the bar that you can use to play your own music for 50c per song.
5	Staff was very friendly and helpful with all my vegan questions and requests. And the food was super good my fiance loved his BBQ chicken with smoked Gouda. And the hummus and fries were great. Are server was very friendly also, I couldn't eat it but their HUGE dessert look so yummy made me wish I wasn't vegan haha or that they had substitute everything.
4	Sharing a yummy salad and a pizza is more than enough. Fast and clean. Perfect for lunch. Less talkie, more eatie.
4	Love the food.  After midnight it's 1/2 price tapas.   Duck tacos, hummus, and the breadsticks are the best.....
4	I have ate here twice. The first time my friend and I dined in, and the second time I called in for a take out meal.  When I dined in the food was great, I had the hummus app and a steak for my main dish.  The food was awesome but the service was lacking a little, the waitress wasn't very attentive.  Both times the staff has been friendly though, and I will definitely be back again!
4	During a quick lunch break with my coworker we decided to try this place based on a recomendation from another coworker.  The service we had was great!  I felt that we had more than one waiter when all the staff was refilling our drinks and delivering the food.  We ordered a chopped salad to split (Which they did for us!!) and a chesse pizza.  The salad was delicious and the pizza was good.  I would definitely return to this place.
4	I am a big fan of Sammy's, and a bigger fan of their Thai Chicken Pizza. When I am in Vegas this is one of the place I like to get to. The service here is always quite friendly. As well if you can stand the heat they have a nice patio area to eat on. Last but not least the happy hour specials are also quite nice. As you can get half price tapas after midnight. For me it always comes back to the Thai Chicken Pizza. Yum. Can't wait till the next time I am in Vegas so I can get some of this none traditional pizza.
4	A couple co-workers and I popped into the separate lounge area of Sammy's on W. Sahara for happy hour.  The bartender was very friendly and the pours of wine were generous.  It is a little dark inside but that is expected for a bar/lounge.  There were just a few people in the bar so the noise level was quiet which was great.  A couple people were gambling but the machine volume was turned way down so that was also pleasant.  Right when we ordered our last drink, a group of people came into the bar and one or more of them was smoking.  Not cool.  The bar didn't smell like smoke when we first got there so I assumed that it was a smoke free establishment.
5	Awesome tapas, Amazing service, excellent overall experience. This was our first time here so we decided to try a few different items, all of which were excellent. Parmesan fries with chipotle aioli was a simple but good accompaniment to the duck tacos, shrimp & crab dip, and our garlic chicken pizza. The standout facet of our visit was by far our server - Snoopy D. Yes, that's her name. At least that's what was on the receipt. She was so helpful and very attentive. When my wife couldn't decide between the hummus and shrimp and crab dip she told us she'd surprise us. When she brought out the dip she ended up bringing us a full size shrimp dip AND some hummus. The hummus free of charge! This was an excellent surprise but it didn't stop there. After we were finished she offered us The Messy Sundae; we respectively declined. On her next stop, she dropped off The Messy Sundae and said "I don't listen very well". Again this was free of charge! Needless to say we will be back again!
5	I am gluten intolerant.  Over a year ago we tried Sammy's for the first time and had their GF pizza. I instantly fell in love and we have been back on each trip (x4). Highly recommend it. Service and prices are good. Even my gluten eating husband likes it.
4	I personally am not a big fan of chain restaurants.. Mostly because of the cookie cutter decor, mediocre service, typical short of nothing special menu and general ambiance. Yes, IMO Sammy's has some of that, but for what they lack they have a better than expected menu. They offer whole grain pasta and generally healthy options-or at least more than most. It is difficult to eat out and be limited to very few options when you're watching your diet. The food was tasty with average prices. I can't complain about much, but I won't complain at all. I'm sure I'll return in the near future.
4	First time here, but will be back. The waitstaff was friendly, helpful and fast. The food arrived quickly and was well prepared. For two people we shared the Margherita pizza and the Organic Spinach and Tuna salad. The food was good. The pizza crust was really light and easy to chew. I forgot to ask for the vinaigrette on the side. I think they put a bit too much on for my taste.
4	Excellent place for a quick lunch. Good service and food. Specially recommend the tuna salad.
5	We so love this place, the food, service, property, all of it has been top notch!
3	if you're going out for pizza go someplace else.  that being said, if you just want to gamble, grab a drink and maybe snack on something, Sammy's is a decent choice.  the pizza is edible but not very memorable.  it was much better in san diego when they first opened.  I do like the caeser salad with chicken.  in fact, their roasted chicken breast is reason enough to go to sammys.  it's full of flavor and juicy with a nice char.  I don't care at all for the Asian and fusion direction they have gone to in recent years.
5	I absolutely love this place, either at 3pm or 3am! The drinks are great, food is always awesome, gotta check out happy hour with 50% off appetizers I get almost all of them. Love the tofu, shishito peppers, hummus & baba ganush. I love all the salads, the chicken entree is amazing, and my hubby always enjoys the kobe beef burgers.
3	Everytime we come here we have a problem,  ask for no onions get onions.  Get a soda, never get it refilled even when a manger walks by they still don't refill it.  We still keep coming because we are so close but sure wish the service would improve.  We ordered our favorite messy Sunday and the walnuts were stale ruined the whole Sunday :(. Now we have waited on our bill for so long that I have lowered my review from a 3 to 2 :((I got an email from Sammy's saying they were going to try and work on items and that meant a lot to me so I am going to give them another try.
4	Been a while since I've had Sammy's and decided to try this location out since it's the closest one to work. I've been to 4 other locations before and this one was probably the smallest and simplest one, with only a few booths and mostly table seating. They also have a few tables on the patio if you like to eat outside.I ordered the usual must have mini duck tacos and decided to try a prosciutto pizza. The duck tacos were wonderful and I was happy to be able to get the sauce on the side. the pizza was fresh and crispy and had a nice kick of garlic that wasn't too overpowering.The waitress was friendly, but maybe overly so because she responded to many of my questions or requests with playfully sarcastic remarks. I would return to this location to grab a bite but it doesn't seem like the place to lounge around like the Centennial and Green Valley locations are.
4	- Love this salad and usually order it to share with friends. The dressing is just spicy enough, and the fact that the veggies are julienned, including sprouts makes this a great summer salad.Also, the Margherita Pizza (fresh tomatoes atop w/basil) is a delightful selection, with lots of gooey mozzarella cheese!Try it!
1	Honestly the first time I went there my salad was amazing but the past few times the foods been mediocre! Burnt or not hot, my fiancee got sick after one occasion and the services is just not up to par. Stop flaunting your goods and bring me my food.
4	It's not on the Strip, but if you want to have great food and service, without smoke and noise, this is a great spot.We got a table in the back for a group of 20 upon short notice, two dedicated servers, and a friendly welcome!The Hummus appetizer is great to share, the menu has a good variety of quality food, and everybody was happy with what they ordered. I can recommend the Hanger Steak over the Steal Frites!
3	They would've gotten 5-stars, but because they gave me the regular pizza crust when I asked for the gluten free crust, and I didn't notice until I already consumed a bite, that's a big red flag for me.1.  I asked for gluten free crust.2. They delivered my pizza to me at my table.  I took a bite and immediately knew the texture was wrong.HOWEVER, they handled it PERFECTLY!First, they made sure I wasn't in imminent danger.  I'm not ALLERGIC, I'm intolerant...my stomach feels sick later, but I can still breathe and don't need an ER.  So, they did the right thing there.Then, waiter accepted FULL responsibility.  They remade my pizza and they remade a fresh dish for my friend as well so that she didn't have to choose between eating without me or waiting and letting her dish get cold.  Good move!Waiter was absolutely amazingly friendly and made our happy hour beverages himself (he used to be a bartender...my Mai Tai was DELICIOUS!)They remade my pizza, with a gluten free crust, and they didn't charge me for it without me asking for them to take it off!Basically, they messed up, but they made up for it in a big way, and I'm sure they learned a valuable lesson. I'm glad this happened to me and not someone who is deathly allergic to wheat, because that would've been a horrible experience for everyone involved.  I'm hoping the staff learned to be more attentive to dietary restrictions.NOTE TO ALLERGY SUFFERERS:  Make sure you DOUBLE CHECK your order once you receive it and ask to speak with a manager.  This is true anywhere you go.
5	Everything we ate was fabulous!! One in our party is gluten free and her pizza was fantastic (mushroom and truffle oil). I had the borrata and pesto pizza and another had arugula and pear. Our waiter, Matt, was very knowledgeable about the menu and about the wine. I'm originally from Austin and am used to a wider selection of beers but other than that, top notch!
4	Great restaurant for locals in Vegas, affordable and everything we've ordered there has been tasty.I recommend the large salads to share as a group (have tried tons and all are good), as well as the fancier pizzas. Recently had the one with brie and it was delish.Service is quick and friendly and drinks are always refilled. Every time I visit family in Vegas we find ourselves at Sammy's, and never disappointed!
5	This place is just awesome.   I have moved to Orlando and they are not there, which sucks.  The salads are unreal,  great pizza and all the good is excellent.   A must try!!  The picture is the: Balsamic Grilled Chicken Salad, best salad ever....
5	Vegan, gluten-free pizza. Vegan, gluten-free pizza that doesn't taste like sickly sweet cardboard covered in greasy plastic. Vegan, gluten-free pizza that is delicious and something you'd share with friends if you didn't already burn your palate shoving it in to your face?This is a great place off the strip with delicious thin-crust pizza, with any of the options easily made vegan with their Daiya mozarella. And unlike a lot of places, they know how to get that bubbly, golden crust on the Daiya, so it doesn't turn in to a weird, goopy, oily and sweet mess that happens at a lot of other pizza places that so kindly offer it on their menus. I got the Truffle Oil and Mushroom Pizza, swapping the brie for Daiya, and it was probably the best pizza I've had in a long time. Easily in my top five for vegan pizzas.Also a winner? Their "Wok'd" Sesame Shishito Peppers. It would've probably been something I would've glossed over by myself, but I'm so glad that my friend ordered them because I nearly polished off the plate. So good, and simple. Now that I'm back home, I daydream about them.Great service, a lovely patio, and amazing vegan options? Love.
3	Sammy's food was great once again.  It was a busy night and I called ahead for a table which saved us however the service wasn't so great.  So dinner was longer than expected but the sundae made it worth it!
4	I went in here to get a snack while my car was being serviced next door. I thought the pizza was good and the service was fine.Overall pretty satisfying.
5	Sammy's had a little bit of everything delicious. If I want to split a pie, if I want a delicious salad, or I can't decided on one dish, I can get a few tapas.My last trip, I sat outside on the patio. A beautiful 70 degree day in January isn't wasted on me. I came starving and glanced over the menu. My lunch mates were also craving everything, so we settled on a few tapas and a pizza.We ordered the Chicken Lettuce Cups, Mini Duck Tacos, and Parmesan Crusted Artichokes. The lettuce cups were flavorful and light. I didn't care too much for the duck tacos, but my girlfriend loved them, and she devoured the rest of mine, my favorite was the artichoke. They were deep-fried and came with a yummy sauce. Indulgent and sinful. My favorite of the entire meal. The pizza we ordered was the Sun-Dried Tomato (Artisan crust) which was topped with goat cheese, pine nuts, and basil. Me, oh my. This was a very nontraditional pie and the flavors were fresh and bold. The pine nuts added a fun crunch twist, usually reserved for just the crust. I would order this again and again.Being fatty patties, we ordered the salted caramel pudding which is pretty much sex in glass. ORDER IT! I only state that sternly because it's like crack (addictive) and I need other people to understand/feel my pain.Sammy is a great bet for those with different dietary needs. The have an assortment of vegan, vegetarian, and gluten-free goodies. Service is always attentive. It's a quiet, relaxed atmosphere. This particular location has a bar that is open 24/7 and offers the same menu.
1	My family and I have been waiting for our food... 30mins! And there's only one other table- hate this place!
5	Food this past trip was really a 4 but we went with 3 other couples and service was 6 stars!  It cannot be easy with a larger party, half who are first timers and who dont stop talking to decide what they want.  We started with a bunch of tapas for happy hour and ended passing several desserts around, I missed the doughnuts but got lucky and got the end of the messy sundae!!  Everyone had a great time and we loved sharing everything, ordering more as we needed it.  Both managers came by to help our running server and check in with us.  Great fun and casual place.
2	How does this place average four stars?My waitress was pleasant, if not prompt.The pizza was meh.  I figured if it was in the name, that it would be worth ordering.  The pepperoni pizza had a dry crust, too little sauce, too little cheese, and lacked flavor.  I didn't particularly enjoy it.  The duck tacos 'tapas' was okay, but lacking in flavor.  The ceasar salad had very little dressing on it, and some of the lettuce was wilted.  I had the second-worst hurricane (a mixed-drink made with rum and fruit-juice) I've had to date here.  It included a straw that was shorter than the glass it was in.I didn't leave hungry, but wasn't terribly pleased about that.  I also spent more than I was happy with for what I got.  I would have been fine with the cost had the food been as good as I had been led to believe it should have been from the other reviews.
4	Menu has a nice range of options - salads, vegetarian, pizza, etc. Service is always solid.
5	I love this place for so many reasons! They do all of the things you expect from a restaurant on a superb level.The service at this location is amazing. I had been to other Sammy's locations and received lackluster service but this location is so consistently on top of things that I have added them to my list of regular haunts.The food is great, pretty much what you would expect from Sammy's but it is the friendly, attentive staff that sets them apart from their other restaurants.
3	Food is as you would expect , good but on the average side.  Long ago I ordered salmon which they grill on the wood fire.  MIstake.  well done and super dry.   that being said my favorite thing on the menu is actually the kobe beef sliders.  I don't know if they are actually kobe beef but I find them tasty albeit somewhat reminiscent of White Castle!
5	we've only been here once before. if you like thin crust then you should try it.nice, clean, friendly. service has been good
1	Looking at the menu, it seems that Sammy's either can't decide what type of food they are serving, or they are trying to copy the popular dishes from a dozen different restaurants.Tapas, Lettuce wraps, Tacos, Hummus? I thought this was a pizza joint, but there are mostly non-pizza items on the menu.It's nice to see gluten free and dairy free pizza options on the menu, but they charge way too much for it here. The personal pizzas are around $13, but if you want GF/DF it will be $5 extra. Apparently Sammy's thinks people with allergies should pay 40% more than everyone else.The gluten free crust is not made in house, it's a very thin premade crust. Worse, they don't even know how to fire it. My pizza was soggy in the center, it flopped over and the toppings fell off when I picked up a piece.  $18 for this small soggy pizza is steep, even if it is gluten and dairy free.I make a far better gluten free pizza at home. Even Whole Foods can make a better gluten and dairy free pizza, at less than half the price of Sammy's.A redeeming factor is the Daiya cheese, it's awesome and pretty much impossible to screw up. Even if you eat dairy you will probably love this stuff.The waitress recommended "Kobe" beef sliders to my friend, and assured her that the fries were fresh cut when asked. The sliders tasted like average low grade beef, lacked seasoning, and were overcooked (she ordered medium rare but there was no trace of pink inside). The fries were clearly frozen, definitely not fresh cut. Maybe the waitress didn't know, or maybe she flat out lied about the fries being fresh cut. Either way it was a disappointment.Left feeling like I overpaid for mediocre food, got price gouged because of allergies, and food was misrepresented by the waitress.Another reviewer @Tim D. put it perfectly, I wasn't hungry when I left, but I wasn't terribly happy about that. Pretty much sums it up for me.
2	Stopped by yesterday for lunch. Ordered hummus and pita to start, pretty yummy. Had the grilled mahi tacos and the lettuce and salsa was all that you taste. Very little mahi mahi. I was bummed because I ordered these in the past and I don't remember them being stuffed with all that lettuce. Seriously, not very good. My daughter ordered the cheese pizza. She told me it was spicy. At first I didn't believe her, so I tried it.  To my shock, the pizza sauce was spicy. A little odd for a kids pizza. I'll return, I'll just order differently.
4	Great service. The food was awesome we order a royal Hawaiian pizza, cheese bread (looks like and is the same size as their pizzas), roasted chicken w/pesto dish. All the food had great flavors, the only thing I would change was the ventilation of the restaurant the fire wood scent was very strong, other than that I'd say it was overall a great place.
4	The service here is great. The food is phenomenal. Wonderful location. The prices are slightly high, but you can be sure that you're getting quality food, that tastes great! There's still a few things I would like to try on the menu, I can't wait!
5	Honestly Sammy's is my go to spot when I need a relaxing local Vegas atmosphere! Food that you can pig out on or great selection of healthy eats. Duck tacos are an absolute must along with the Hawaiian Ono Tacos! If you are in a classic mood the NY pizza is a no brainer!
3	Good family restaurant w/gr8 gluten-free menu.  Variety of standard dishes.  I like the shrimp salad, gluten-free pasta, tomato soup, margarita pizza, duck tacos, tapas and drink selection.  The food isn't gourmet but it's well prepared, amble and the service is good.  Prices are decent and the place is spacious.  Menu is always changing.
5	I had the vegeteble pizza with Daiya (non-dairy) cheese, and it was amazing! Perfect combination of flavors and textures. Their pizza crust is to die for.
2	We were in the area, very hungry and  both pretty excited there was a Sammy's  close by. I don't have many choices because of my gluten intolerance but Sammy's has GF options.  My husband and I ordered the exact same pizza's as we did at the N Durango location and they didn't taste anything like the ones we had there. They both were under cooked, the ingredients didn't taste fresh at all. It just didn't taste like it held the same standards as that location. I've only eaten at the N Durango location and that set the bar pretty high and this didn't even come close. It wasn't even worth asking them to remake it, or put it back in the oven, because I don't believe they could have done any better than what they served us. Needless to say I walked out hungry and slightly grumpy that I wasted my money. It has a casino/bar and restaurant you can sit and order at and I normally don't like to sit in the "smoking" section but the hubby wanted to gamble and we were the only ones in there so I that's where we ate. Bartenders were nice and very personable.I ordered the cucumber cooler (i think)  and it was about as delicious as the food.I've raved about the Durango & 95 location. Now I know that each location could be different from the next, so keep that in mind.I would just be leery of this Sammy's. It's close to the strip and has that casino bar feel and It really does lack quality, but don't use this location to judge the rest.
4	Holy happy hour specials, Batman!Bookmarked this place for their HH: 4-6PM, half off tapas and $2 off wine or beer.Restaurant interior is more upscale than I expected.Menu is fairly diverse with vegan, vegetarian, and gluten-free options indicated with symbols. Tapas menu has several Mediterranean options, there are a bunch of salads, and of course, there's pizza- if you join their mailing list, you'll get a coupon to try a pizza for free (dine in only, with purchase).BF and I were here for a light early dinner, got 3 tapas and a beer.FIG & GORGONZOLA FLATBREAD: Yum, 4-slice portion with good balance of flavors from the sweet figs, salty cheese, and mild spinach, as well as a bit of pork? Adding a sprinkle of red pepper kicked it up a notch.PARMESAN STUFFED ARTICHOKES: Good lord these were the table favorite, served in a blanket of parmesan crumbs with a cup of dipping sauce. 'Chokes had crunch and flavor, herb coating was light and complemented the cheese inside, which was mild instead of overpowering (as done elsewhere).DUCK MINI TACOS: An order of 6 mini tacos, filled with 24-hour-marinated duck topped with cilantro, tomatoes, feta, and sour cream, HH pricing at just over $5? Amazeballs. I never would have combined duck and feta, but I love them both and here everything worked so well together in this dish. Fresh and flavorful!Only thing that detracted from my visit was the service: entered and stood by hostess stand for quite a while before being acknowledged, and our server had way too many tables to herself and was quite frazzled. This was frustrating because there were easily 8 employees present, but I guess maybe they weren't on the clock yet? As 6 o'clock got closer, business picked up and the three women mobbing the hostess stand eventually started picking up the slack.Normally I'd dock a star for this, but despite being overwhelmed our server was polite and our food came out quickly, and was amazing.Fabulous food, phenomenal happy hour.  Even with a beer, total before tip was under $20. Will be coming back to try more!
5	Love, Love, Love this place.  Always consistent.  Happy hour is a Steal!!! This place has always been in my top five!!
5	This is the best Sammy's we've been to! Snoopy is an awesome server and the food was so good we wanted to high five the cook. All in all a fantastical dining experience!
1	Lunchtime crowd and we were seated right away. That's when we were "forgotten" ! It took longer then it should for the server to get back and get us our drinks. Even longer to take our order and I mentioned it to the server. Next thing is we're bring served by entirely different server. Which took even more time. I didn't like the way we were served and the menu was weak. I'm not going back ..,.
4	For having a bar, their draft beer selection is extremely limited to the usual domestics (buttwiser beers) and their cocktails are very expensive. However their food is pretty decent and it's nice that it's a 24 hour restaurant! Some if the appetizers are really great like the lebni and the fried Peppers. I love their chopped chicken salad with all tha fixins. Skip the pizza.
5	I have to admit to being a regular at this Sammy's.  All of the restaurants have the same menu, but over the past three years of eating at four Sammy's in Vegas, this one has become my favorite for lunch, while the Rainbow location remains my happy hour spot.  Why the difference?  It all comes down to the staff.  The lunch crew at Sahara is dialed in to their customers and handles the rush in stride.  Mojca, Albert, Sam, and Tia all do a  terrific job, even at the busiest times.  The guys in the kitchen turn out consistently fresh and impressive entrees; particularly the salads.  Christina runs a tight shop and it shows up in the great food and service.Happy hour let's you graze through  a wide variety of half- price tapas that reinforce Sammy's Lebanese heritage.  I've had many a dinner of just these tasty items at Aaron's Rainbow location and if there's a "Cheers" equivalent in my world, this is it.Excellent food, a wide variety and friendly, caring employees.  Hard to hit this trifecta in Vegas.
4	Sammy's lounge was a cool and quiet spot for a late lunch on Sunday afternoon. Tough decision since their menu is fairly varied, but we settled on the grilled chicken, gorgonzola, and sugared walnut salad, along with the New York thin crust pizza.  Huge salad, portions large enough for 4, but two off us managed to scarf down every tasty bite of the tender grilled chicken and greens dressed with a flavorful balsamic vinaigrette.  The pizza toppings were seasoned just right, lightly layered on a crispy crust.  Everything was satisfying, including the nice  attentive service.
5	Balsamic. grilled chicken salad is my favorite meal ever! every chance I get to go to sammies (business lunch, causual lunch or a night out)  i take and last night my love affair with them got even stronger! Thank you and a big shout out to both Christina and Taylor for making our experience even greater by making sure our desire to sit in the bar during UFC fight was met (realizing first come first serve is the policy) they both made a great night even better!
2	My husband and I went here on a weekday for lunch. We were seated promptly. There was no wait.The dining room was three quarters empty.It has little decor and ambiance. Very plain. Nothing special to speak of.There's a mix of tables and booths, and bar seating. Our server, Alexandra B., came to the table fairly quickly. She asked if we'd like drinks. Husband ordered water. and I asked for water, a glass of Leaping Horse chardonnay, and a side of ice. My wine was $6.50 a glass and was very good. Full flavored and very drinkable. Alexandra forgot to bring my side of ice. I had to ask her for it again. We were expecting that a place that has "pizza" in their name would have a bigger array of pizza and do pizza well. We had visions of sharing a big "Supreme" pizza and taking some home. Not possible at Sammy's. They only have individual pizzas. So with our dreams of sharing a Supreme pizza and having great leftovers for the next day squashed, my husband ordered an "Italian" personal pizza which had pepperoni, sausage and mushrooms on it. You get one big piece of pepperoni on each "slice" of pizza. The mushrooms were very sparse. Hubby said it needed more of them. He said the pizza was "fair".I ordered the Chinese Chicken Salad. It looked beautiful. I was happy, seeing this bright, beautiful salad with its array of vegetables including the surprise of green bell pepper, which you don't often see in this type of salad. However, with my first bite, I was disappointed. The dressing that was tossed throughout the salad was bland, boring, and didn't have enough Asian flavors.One of the great things about this salad, if done right, is the tangy, full-of-flavor Asian dressing on it. Flavors of soy and ginger are usually in the forefront.Not so with this one. It tasted like oil and vinegar and not much else. I think I detected a hint of soy and less so, ginger, but I'm not sure.I had to look hard to find the chicken. there were a few unevenly sized pieces throughout, some of them a little too charred, with black areas covering a big part of a few pieces. The chicken was also dry. I ate four or five bites and just couldn't eat anymore. It was pretty tasteless.We ordered dessert. Hubby decided on the Messy Sundae. Our server said it was "big enough for four people". He decided to try it anyway. The sundae was pretty "monster". It was big but would it feed four? Depending upon how much lunch you ate, and what your appetite is like, it might. I'd describe it as "feeds 1-4".It came served in a tall glass goblet  and was filled with vanilla ice cream, and had chocolate sauce not only all over the ice cream but on the saucer that the goblet was on. It was topped with walnuts and a large amount of whipped cream. There were more walnuts in the chocolate sauce on the plate. Hubby really enjoyed the sundae.I decided to try the Caramel Pudding since I love caramel. It was served in a small wine glass and the pudding filled the glass halfway. It was topped with a small amount of whipped cream. The pudding was creamy and rich and full of caramel flavor. The only thing that would've improved it was if there had been more of it! I really enjoyed it.Alexandra was cheerful, efficient, and checked back on us a couple of times.  To sum up, we were not impressed with our entrees at all. We know of several other places that do pizza, and Chinese Chicken Salad, much better than this. Sammy's is a 20 min drive from home. We wouldn't come back here again unless we happened to be in the neighborhood already, and then we would stop in for just dessert and a glass of chardonnay. :)
5	Service is great! Goat cheese pizza is too die for!!  Prices are reasonable.  I recommend this place to my friends and clients all the time.
3	Food is Fabulous!  Drink PRICES  are outrageous. We had 2 drinks $30.  We ate dinner $35.  If you want an evening of drinks and food, toooooo pricey!  I can go to fine dining diner and pay less for a cocktail.  Good for lunch only or dinner with no drinks.
4	Love Sammy's. This was my first time at this location and the first time at Sammy's for lunch. It was very crowded, but I didn't have to wait. I had the chicken chopped which was delicious as always. I couldn't eat 1/2 of it because there was so much. One person with us had a pizza. I don't remember which one, but it was tasty. I usually have the BBQ pizza which is GREAT. Another friend had the shrimp and grits. The shrimp was delicious. I'm not so sure about the grits. The texture was more like polenta.  If it really is polenta, they should call it Shrimp and Polenta. If they really are using grits, they definitely need to find a better way to cook them. Overall though, it was a good experience. Service was really good.
5	After a long day of work I come hear to unwind, great service, very nice people and the food is very good.
4	Great friendly vibe. Its a chain but the food and service does not reflect that. Very fresh ingredients, creative choices and amazing service. Great everyday dining due to quality, prices and healthy options.
4	I've had Sammy's a few times, usually "to go". Today I decided to have a sit down and eat. We came in just in time for Happy Hour! What are the odds of that! 3-6pm daily, half off all tapas and $2 off alcoholic beverages. If I didn't forget my ID I would of taken advantage of the drinks. The tapas menu is pretty intriguing as well. I decided on the Lobster Mac & Cheese, which was about $5. It was the perfect amount. Considering it is a pasta so it's pretty heavy I decided not to get another item for myself. It had a good amount of Lobster in it. It wasn't TOO cheesy. And the dish wasn't as small as I thought it would be. The beau got the garlic chicken pizza. Besides the fact that it came with mushrooms and I accidentally ate one, it was pretty delicious. I loath mushrooms! It definitely had a woodfire taste to it. It was thin crust which I loved. Service was alright. She came and got our orders quickly but we didn't see our waitress the rest of the time. And our check took forever to arrive. Other than that I love Sammy's!
5	They are the best! So friendly, the food is always spot on, and so many healthy choices. It's always reasonably crowded, but never slow service. My go-to place for lunch on a regular basis
2	Extremely disappointed in their so called gluten free pizza. Ive been to sammys grill and it was amazing so obviously they are using a bad recipe or dont have someone cooking that knows how to make gluten free. It was cold for one, and tasted like cardboard...if u are going for G free dont.go here!!! Terrible
4	dined here at the invitation of a great friend, who suggested it as a diversion from the expensive venues on or near the strip...this is a perfect spot for families, outdoor dining, and reasonable pricing...the food is excellent, and they have way more than pizza...but the pizza is excellent, as is there other Italian food...for those on a paleo diet, there are several option, so don't take this place lightly...
2	This location is convenient. But the food, meh. Our flatbread was overdone, so it was crunchy instead of chewy and didn't have the flavor it should have had. The BBQ chicken pizza wasn't that great...keep in mind that it's just at THIS LOCATION. We always drive the extra miles to go to the Sammy's on Rainbow/215. That location is great, the food is ALWAYS, ALWAYS cooked to perfection and tastes great. We go so much, the manager knows us and we have our preferred/favorite server, Gwen. She's great!!! If you don't mind the drive, I recommend that location....especially if you don't want to have stomach aches from the greasy foods from THIS location on Sahara. Our faves are the BBQ chicken pizza (made with Gouda), spicy chicken meatballs, crab and shrimp dip and the hummus.NOTE: happy hour is from 3-6pm daily and most of the appetizers are half off as well as discounted prices on wine and beer.
5	Surprisingly good pizza at an airport. They bake it fresh to order. The crust has great texture, the cheese is good and the topping selection is on point. Service was friendly too!
5	I have nothing bad to say about this place.  I came here because of the constant ads ive seen working out at lvac. I have to say there was nothing wrong with my experience  at Sammys. We sat in the patio area on halloween night. We were a little concerned that on a Friday night they werent that busy, but in the end it served beneficial to us because we were able to enjoy a lovely evening without a packed crowd. Also the weather that night was gorgeous which helped out the already wonderful ambiance.....i especially loved the fire pit outside. The food was great.....we ordered the dip trio...hummus, baba ganoush and some fresh milk cheese topped with cumin. It was very good, the fresh baked flat bread was nice. We also ordered the NY style pizza which was delicious.... the service was great and the dishes came out with perfect timing. For dessert we orderd the messy sundae which was good as well, good quality ice cream. And to top it off i got a 20% discount for being an lvac member. I will definitely visit this establishment again...good food at great prices and excellent service....good job!
4	We recently met up with a couple of friends for drinks in a nearby tavern so when dinner came our friend suggested we go.  I have never been so and I love Za's and eat them not often enough.We walked in to a warm inviting decor.  Seated promptly and order taking quickly and efficiently.  We each ordered our own small size to share with the table with appetizers.  That is a mistake unless you REALLY like left overs!  OMG so much food.  But everything I tried was good expect one but that was personal taste nothing to do with the Za.  The ops came first as it should then the za everything had the wood fire flavor, I really liked that! Will defiantly be back but will leave with less to-go bags.
4	I love the pizza here!!!I have been several times and always a good choice. The Sahara location has an fantastic out door patio, when it is not to hot or cold here in LV.I have tried a few "entrees" from the regular menu, and honesty did not love them.They were totally fine, but nothing that memorable.My advice for Sammy's - Stick to pizza and salad! It is what they do best!And you will not be disappointed.
4	Mozzarella Cheese pizza but with vegan (Daiya) cheese, plus added bell peppers and mushrooms is great! I appreciate that their menu is clearly marked with vegan/vegetarian options. They are a little expensive for me but it was worth it.
4	I wish I could break the review down to two parts - "The Pizza" and "The Rest"I have been here several times and their pizza is awesome. I personally like the "New York" pizza and have never been disappointed.I have also had the balsamic chicken salad a few times and it is also good, but not as good on the good scale as the pizza.Where they fall short, starters and appetizers.  Because the individual pizza is filling, I usually stay away from the appetizers and starter items.  However, today I was in the mood for something new.  It was raining so I figured it was a good soup day.  I ordered Lobster Bisque - VERY tasty but $8 bucks for a small sized bowl.  I also thought some of the parmesan crusted artichokes sounded good.  Nope, they were not good and they were $10 for basically one artichoke heart cut into 4 pieces.  I felt a little violated here.  Service is always adequate - never bad but never anything above and beyond and that's ok with me too.I would recommend this place for the pizza and because it's very good, I gave the 4 stars.  I would have only given 3 stars otherwise.
2	Food is decent. Service needs help. Walked in 8pm, place not even 1/3 full and immediately told I'll be right with you. No hi welcome or nicety. More like what you would expect from flos diner. Seated and waited WAY too long for menus and drinks to order. Maybe I am too critical but I expect my water to be refilled without asking, to be asked - when my beer is empty - if I would like another, be checked on during appetizers and the meal as to if we are enjoying the meal and is everything good. With all that being said and the food being adequate there are many other choices with better pizza and service - which may be why the place was 2/3 empty. I will move onto other places - good luck
5	Excellent pizza with nice service as well as a clean environment. We frequent this place and we crave it more than our body needs...highly recommend as I believe they are the best pizza in town! This place is good for first dates and kids as well!
1	Wow! We had a really bad experience here! We were really hungry and didn't have a lot of options for food because it was late and we were trying to get something close to a friend's house we were going to. Got a little excited because my husband is gluten intolerant and they have gluten free pizza! The problem is the GF crust just doesn't taste good! You'd be better off ordering pizza and just not eating the crust if you're GF (which my husband does sometimes). And they charge you extra for making it GF :( We also ordered salad & an appetizer & a couple desserts. The only thing that was any good was the sea salt caramel pudding, which was delicious actually. This place is like a really bad cheesecake factory. Or like Applebee's maybe. Really meh.
4	I've been coming here for years since I worked at my second real estate office, C-21 MW, 2000-ish, (which used to be located nearby)- how come it's taken me so long to write a review?!Our most recent visit was a few weeks ago, when we used my promotional Birthday Gift, the iconic Messy Sundae (ooey-gooey caramel and fudge topped vanilla ice cream with walnuts and whipped topping; it's one of my fave desserts of all time---yeah, it's that good). It was a saturday and was way before the lunch rush. So, it was quiet, until the large family who kept asking for "gluten-free" this & that arrived (Oh, I'm sure that their server was annoyed. Ok, maybe they weren't as annoying as the family who complained about the salads being "way too big" and thus their bill was adjusted, ahem; that was on another past visit). We got a different pizza this time (we've tried five different ones total, over the years), and had the truffle fries (to-die-for romano cheese-topped goodness). Our son loved the fries. He's kind of a picky eater, meaning, he won't eat it if he doesn't like it, picky.  Service is always good. The bathroom is always clean. The rest of the restaurant grounds/main dining area, is always clean. If you can brave it, it's cold right now, there is seating outside, in the front. There is a bar part, too (separate---and yes, you guessed it, I've been to that part, too, years ago, though). And Happy Hour too. The food is solid--- from the pizzas, and must mention that the mini kobe beef burgers are really yummy, too. The salads are really good, too (I wouldn't be complaining about how big they are, either, hahaha).It's christmas time, and there's a gift card promotion (Buy $50, Bonus $10 certificate), so why not get some christmas shopping done here, too? Grab a bite, try the kobe minis, along with a pizza, and get the messy sundae. Sounds like a plan. Also has a few other locations: centennial, flamingo (9516), rainbow/215, and green valley, too.
4	Pizza, delicious.Hummus, tasty.Service, excellent.  The greeter was nice and attentive. She asked where we wanted to sit and let us pick anywhere. The wood from the oven makes creates a good aroma. Ill be returning whenever I'm craving pizza.
5	Loved this place. The duck tacos were fantastic. Also I would highly recommend the messy sundae.
5	We come here on Tyler's shifts. He is a great bartender. Friendly, courteous, helpful. Just a nice guy. Very welcoming.  The food is amazing. And it's always a clean environment.
5	The best place to get duck taco, and hummus. And the customer service is great. I would definitely come back to this place
