4	If you love meat and don't mind seeing people walking around the Casino.  You'll love this place!  It's a bit loud and hard to hear what the peeps at the other end of your table are saying, but you'll be too busy eatin' away. The dudes come out with the meet on the metal/skewer and put it on your plate! Not too shabby....Recommendations:   THE ALL YOU CAN EAT RODIZIO EXPERIENCE
4	i want to give this place 4.5 stars.  it felt a bit weird, since this is to the side of the mirage casino, not like fix at bellagio, but most of the restaurant is kind of in the open.  however, they seated us very quickly without reservations.  and they served us veryvery quickly since we had to catch a show.  this place is AWESOME because they give you a shitload of really great sides with your entree (rice with black beans and cheese, creamed spinach, glazed carrots, fried plantains).  they split your plate for you very nicely, their sweet potato fries were surprisingly extremely good.  the filet mignon was grand. umm, come hungry.  i dont think they have steaks under 12 oz.  their crab cakes were so so which was sad because im a sucker for crab cakes.  i didnt try the all you can eat meat, but from the looks of it, espetus in SF is better.
5	Don't fall for the salad and beans.Eat the meat.  Drink lots of water.  The protein takes lots of water to digest, and if you don't drink enough, you'll have a meat stroke.  More water = more meat.They have 10 or so different preparations of meat, including a seafood option, and they're all wonderful.
5	my gf and I went to Vegas for NY, since Vegas was a living hell during this time of year, getting reservation for anything good was next to impossible. Luckily we stumbled into Samba. I said luckily not because we were able to find a place for food. I'm so glad I found it cause the food was delicious and my favorite and probably be one of the main reason to be back is their Batitas drink. I'm not much of a drinker, but this is an excellent drink that all the cocktail lovers must try.
4	Good.  Not the greatest Brazilian experience I've had but good.   Mind you I've never been to Brazil, so I'm far from an expert.  In addition, I've only been to 3-4 Brazilian restaurants in my lifetime.  I'm tempted to give this restaurant 5 stars because overall it was good food, excellent attentive service, and great company.  Pros:+ unlimited SIDES (but then again it's unlimited MEAT too...)+ the fried plantains are good as dessert too...Cons:- 1/2 star because it's a zoo and chaotic.  I still felt like I was in the casino.  Don't expect a quiet and romantic setting.- 1/2 star because there's no pre-carnage buffet but maybe that's part of the rodizio experience?  - Pitchers of Caipirinha and Sangria are pricey!  $30 & $40 respectively...If you're on the Strip and looking for a fun group meal check out SAMBA's!!!
4	I really enjoyed my recent experience at Samba.  We got there around 5:30, to make sure we had time before our show, and were seated promptly (of course, even at this early hour, half the tables were already filled).1/  Service is prompt and courteous, which I like.  They did a great job of explaining what everything was, etc.  With their bread, they passed out this amazing olive oil / garlic / something awesome mixture that my boyfriend gobbled up - literally.2/  The meat was really tasty.  I liked the ginger soy flak steak the best.  I also liked something else, that was basically salted and peppered steak.  I had an outside piece, tho, whihc got to be a little salty.3/  What kind of stinks is once you figure out you like something, it's hard to get it back again.4/  I pretty much did not like anything with a bone, mostly 'cause it was hard to eat.  They did have salmon, however, which was tasty but a tiny bit dry.5/  The fried plantains were my favorite part of the whole meal, though I have a natural fondness of fried plantains and that might be why.Overall, great experience.  It is a trifle loud because it is open to the whole casino - however, we were tucked in the back corner and away from the majority of the noise, which was nice.
4	A good Brazilian steakhouse overlooking the inside of the Mirage Casino.  Not enough seating or tables in my opinion.  My group of 10 sat right next to the kitchen so we didn't have to flag anyone down and everyone ordered the Rodizio All You Can Eat option.  Their staff is friendly and service is quick.Here's what they bring out on the skewers:-Slow cooked Sausage and Sweet Peppers -Honey Brushed Turkey Breast Roulade Wrapped in Bacon -Huli Huli Chicken Hawaiian Style -Churrasco Sirloin "Picanha" Style -Fresh Fish of the Day -Brazilian Style Baby Back Pork Ribs -"Alho" Style Chicken Legs -Ginger Soy Flank Steak-Slow Roasted Pork and PineappleIf your mouth is watering then go check it out.  So much meat it was all a blur.  BTW the Rodizio comes with sides, but who cares about those ; )
5	Our group of 15 needed a place for dinner after my sister's wedding.  With two young ones in tow (7 & 11) and on a BUDGET, we wanted to make sure the venue was conducive to a family environment where we would all feel comfortable.  The restaurant opened at 5:30pm which was the time of our reservation.We were pleasantly surprised our table was ready and waiting for us as soon as they opened. Situated in the back, a few tables pushed together against comfy bench seating, we were the only ones in that area for most of the dinner.  We were quickly given water, drinks, bread, and tasty dippings to start the evening off.As soon as the drinks were served, the side dishes were served, which was great since we were concerned about my mom's 9pm flight that same night.  This can truly be a "no-carb" lovers dream dinner with the amount of meat that was served.(Taken from Anthony C.)-Slow cooked Sausage and Sweet Peppers-Honey Brushed Turkey Breast Roulade Wrapped in Bacon  **YUMM**-Huli Huli Chicken Hawaiian Style  **Good**-Churrasco Sirloin "Picanha" Style   **YUMM**-Fresh Fish of the Day   **Salmon - YUMM**-Brazilian Style Baby Back Pork Ribs  **OK***-"Alho" Style Chicken Legs  **Ok**-Ginger Soy Flank Steak  **Good** -Slow Roasted Pork and Pineapple  **YUMM**Aside from the initial dips served with bread, the side dishes weren't that great.  I love fried plantains, but these were fried and drenched in some rummy honey sauce that I didn't feel complimented much. The creamed spinach was bland, and the carrots were, just carrots.  The black beans and rice were probably best, but not much too remember.  The kiddies were happy as they had lots of meat to choose from and they brought out plain white rice. We opted to have the dinner on one CC and the beverages on another, of which they were very accommodating.**Important - If you'd like to have cake with dinner - and you bring from outside - they will assess a $5/pc cake cutting charge. ($60 for our group - outrageous!!).  If you order the cake from within the Mirage Food & Beverage, the fee will be waived. My schedule was hectic last week and wasn't able to make the cake reservation until Sun 07/15 for dinner the next evening.  If time permits, I HIGHLY recommend you take care of this at least a week prior, otherwise you will run into some difficulty as I did.  **The cake for 15 persons was $55, chocolate cake w/ chocolate custard. Quite tasty.  Because I called with such short notice they advised the cake would only be covered with white fondant and they wouldn't be able to do decorations.  However, the cake arrived to the restaurant, on time, beautifully decorated and tasted great.  Just call the reservation # for the restaurant and ask for the "Mirage Food & Beverage".  They will try to get you to someone who can help take the cake order.I would definitely recommend this dinner.  At $34.95/per person for the Rodizio Experience, this fit into our family budget of $600 for the night. We went a bit over on drinks, but for the most part this worked out well.  Enjoy!!
4	A veritable meatfest. Festival of meat.  Meat parade.A parade of meat. Atmosphere is a little too bright for my taste but they don't mess around at Samba.  It's fast and to the point.  Make sure you double check your reservations because if there does happen to be a mistake YOU suffer the consequences.Wah...no sweet meats for dessert. The creme brule is a tiny island in a sea of meat equipped with it's own edible cookie palm tree and fruit floaties.
1	NOT THE LEAST BIT AUTHENTIC!!!!I can't get over the reviews on this post. I'm sorry but this place should not be considered a Brazilian Restaurant by any means.  I have been to Brazil and had excellent Rodizio experiences. I have been to New York, Philadelphia and actually Charlotte and had great Rodizio experiences but this one is for the birds. Where do I start? oh, the pre-buffet with Fish...oh right, they don't have that so I can't tell you how that was....The meat. Very very so-so in my Book. The best meat being that last to come out, the Picanta (sp) Flank Steak. It was the ONLY choice of meat to taste Brazilian in nature with obvious sea salt and garlic added. The chicken was very bland without ANY hit of lime or garlic. and the Ribs were also lacking in taste - usually my favorite part of this experience. I could find the taste of the grill on only about 2 choices of meats. The sausage was very dry as well. And they didn't serve any brisket or chicken hearts. Again....how is this place considered 'Brazilian?'The experience? Usually, Brazilian eating is like a celebration but the waiters looked hurried and one selection of meat was extreeemly rare and another was cold. I didn't want to object with my 7 guests when I was there but this place really really bothered me. At least the drinks were strong but even they were screwed up. We ordered larges and the drinks came out in a very strange fishing bowl type of glass which you couldn't even pick up. Gordon Ramsey would have a field day with this place!!!On top of that, they were playing mexican music in Spanish. Words to the wise...Brazilians speak Portuguese and they have very limited horns in their samba music. If i wanted to hear mexican music, I would go to a mexican restaurant. The name of the place is Samba....how about a little Samba music instead??Ok. enough of my bitch'in....if you're familiar with any kind of Brazilian Steakhouses, this place will leave you very disappointed. If you're a tourist looking to fill up with meat and drinks - enjoy.... I'm going to try Pompas (sp) next in Planet Hollywood...hopefully, they're are better.
2	If you go here looking for a quintessential churrascaria experience, you will be woefully disappointed. No salad bar, just a tossed salad dumped on your plate. Don't bother chasing after the waiter for seconds. Limited variety of meats few and far between. I've come to appreciate that there is a real skill involved in serving, so one gets just the right portion and cooked through as you like it. (Depending on where and how they cut, they can provide a piece that is more or less well done.) Service was cordial enough. Quality okay. I'm just really bummed after the send up I gave to my friend before going about the churrascaria experience, only to spend the rest of the evening telling him how its supposed to be.
3	Sort of a race to see who can shove the most meat into their bodies the fastest.  The food was okay at this place, but it does take them a long time to bring around the different meats so if you find one you like, you might get a little bit and not get a chance for more for another half hour.  Its really small and crowded for a casino restaurant, the side dishes were weak, and the drinks were expensive.  Maybe I was just disappointed at the wait, even with a reservation, but I would never be excited about going back here
3	Don't come here for the real thing...this place doesn't hold a candle up to the likes of Fogo de Chau.  Come here to have a relatively affordable, all-you-can-eat meal with lots of okay meat and sides, and some pretty potent drinks.  The waiters are not trained in the service of the true Brazilian Steakhouse; they are just bringing you whatever becomes available from kitchen.  Our group especially enjoyed the flank steak, the salted sirloin, the sangria and the citrusy caipirinhas.
4	We were chased out of Rum Jungle for Brazilian BBQ for large groups so we ended up here.  Apparently Rum Jungle does not entertain groups larger than 10, so we took our business else where!!!Samba is a little more traditional Brazilian than RJ with their style of serving.  The meats quality amazingly is better and service was completely night and day.  Quality of their meats were just so so as far as Brazilian goes, I am disappointed in the fact that there were not as many variety as other places.  Although more Brazilian places tries to offer a little more healthier meats like chicken, turkey, and even fish.  Samba only offered two chicken dish and they were not all that great.  They were not serving Lamb...which is a complete waste.  The two best meats they served were the beef. Food wise it is more mediocre with a three star rating, but the additional forth star is for exceptional and attentive service.
1	Gross. Everything.
4	The first time my husband and I ate here, we were totally floored by the Brazilian BBQ.  We've never experienced anything like it before.  Of course, for our second trip (which ended up being a college reunion party) we had learned to leave most of the salad and other condiments off our plates and fill up on those wonderful meats.  The key is to pace yourself and enjoy a little of everything.  It's hard when all-you-can-eat skewers and skewers keep coming to your table.  A little flank steak, a little chicken, some pork...  before you know it, you need to be rolled out of the restaurant.  It's a fun place for two, but it's a great place for a party with your friends.
1	Dude.  Don't waste your money.  The only thing that was really good was the salad.  So get a salad and a water if you need a snack then go somewhere else for dinner.My friend got the caprihini (sp?) and couldn't drink it, he called it "firewater" lol.  The side dishes were ok.  The beans ok, the carrots too sweet, the spinach pretty good.  The bread at the beginning was good too, round little puffs with cheese in the middle and a garlicky olive oil dipping sauce.  We did ask for more plantains, I will give them that.But the meat.  Come on people, isn't this place supposed to specialize in meat?  One chicken dish was good, the turkey was good, and I was the only one who cared for the soy marinated steak.  The rest... blah.  the ribs... inedible hunks of bone covered in grease and fat.  are you serious?  really.  come on now.  what a waste of $40 a person!  I would much rather go to Stripburger and eat for 10 bucks or so....  Let's just say I was very disappointed...
5	We had such a great time here... Never been to any other brazillian resturaunts, but we'll so be back... if you choose the all you can eat option you have a little "doll" at your table you can flip from green to red as you want them to bring more or stop... You really have to pace yourself... I also had a really great drink that I can't remember what it was called... It was strong and HUGE! We both thought it was a great dinner for 40 bucks!
4	I like this place.  It's a fun atmosphere, and the food is good.  But, my favorite thing to get is the Caipirinha.  I think you can also get a pitcher.
4	The Samba cracks me up. I love this place ......Who thinks that walking into a steakhouse between two large bananas........ located just off the casino floor .......is going to provide a gourmet brazilian experience????It is the typical Vegas "over the top"  - "over blown" dining experience.Comparing the Samba to a traditional Churrascaria experience -is like comparing "Phantom of the Opera" on Broadway to the Vegas production. The Vegas production is great - but it is a "VEGAS production." The Samba is fun but it is not really Churrascaria either ........it is the Vegasized version ......I love meat and this place provides you all the meat you can handle.The side dishes are "interesting" - but they should not take you away from the real reason you are here - the meat.I have been here four times and I am still not sure what to do with the creamed spinach  on the side ....The drink selections are supurb ..... second only to the meat ! !I love the waiters - they are gracious and accommodating ... My son dined with me and not quite being twenty one orders a margarita. The waiter asks to see ID........ Andrew says "sure" and immediately pulls out his drivers license clearly stating he is not twenty one........Waiter says thanks and brings him the drink ..... I love these guysThe price seems right for an evening of dining enjoyment.The one thing that does surprise me is how you seem to be removed from the casino atmosphere when you are dining ....... even though the gaming is taking place only a short distance away.The bananas at the door should give you a clueTake the Samba for what it is - a "vegas production" and enjoy.You will have a great time.
3	The food wasn't horrible.The service was decent.But none of us, and we were four good sized men, could even think of eating $40 worth of meat.Our group got together for a birthday dinner, and while it was a "fun" experience, I doubt that I would ever go back seeing the multitude of dining experiences that awaits one in Las Vegas.We did not partake of any of the drinks that are mentioned in other reviews, but I'm wondering if they were also overpriced with a bit of extra alcohol just to help the blow of the price for the slices of meat that were served.We found the ribs to be sizzling hot and not at all tasty. The other meats were acceptable, but I think I'll try something else next time.
4	"YUMMMMMM i wish i tried the rodizio all u can eat meat buffet it looked so good,but eh, too much meat for me.i had the rottiserie dinner instead which is the bomb.loved the ceviche appetizer too,and crackers with somekind of olive oil they serve right before your meal. one thing tho,never order the their drinks,too strong and i dont think its mean to be ingested."
3	Ehhh the meat was really really bland. Needed their dipping sauces for all of their cuts. The salad was yummy, so were the sides... but was pretty hungover from the night before so my friend and I didn't end up eating much of anything... I really liked the rice and beans. And the cheese bread. That's pretty much it? It wasn't amazing, but it wasn't horrible.
3	I don't love Samba but I don't hate it either.  I recently stopped eating all meat except for fish, so I'm sure I REALLY wouldn't love Samba these days.Anyway, the servers come around with big skewers of meat and offer you small cuts. You can eat as much or as little as you like. I didn't mind the meat but I really have never cared for the sides. The rice and beans and plantains are good but I have never liked the salad of the other veggies. I do recall that Samba has delicious cocktails and desserts. Definitely come here if you want a cool experience and are a meat eater. If these don't apply to you, move on.
3	This place I guess is probably exactly what I expected.  A Vegas type interpretation of what a Brazillian steak house would be.  I would imagine, being next to the Beatles Lounge in the middle of a casino doesn't create the best environment for gauchos and REALLY large knives.  The food was more or less what I expected it to be with a bunch of non brazillian influences on their skewers. Last time I checked Hawaiian Style has NO place with Brazillian steakhouses.  Where are the Chicken Hearts?  Ginger Soy flank steak?  Really?  Still if you come here, make sure that it the ONLY buffet you to go that day.  The 100 lbs Asian girls I went with skipped the whole experience as their size 1's were being pushed to the unhealthy size 2 region on their waste lines.   -Slow cooked Sausage and Sweet Peppers-Honey Brushed Turkey Breast Roulade Wrapped in Bacon-Huli Huli Chicken Hawaiian Style-Churrasco Sirloin "Picanha" Style-Fresh Fish of the Day-Brazilian Style Baby Back Pork Ribs-"Alho" Style Chicken Legs-Ginger Soy Flank Steak-Slow Roasted Pork and Pineapple
3	This was a very tasty restaurant that served much meat.  The wine was good too.The waiters present you with big gobs of meat that you can choose, and the best was the bacon wrapped turkey.
3	solid fare for the exceptionally lazy over-eater.  not up for the walk to and from the buffet line?  no worries, the buffet comes to you, or at least the carving stations do.  the meats ranged from succulent and amazing to desiccated and gnarly (but hey, it's all you can eat - just set that gross rib aside and wait til new, fresh ones come out).  i loved the plantains, but i love all plantains, and i love sweet foods in a savory meal.  the cheesy biscuits were also good, and required restraint - must save room for meat was the general philosophy here.  the service was attentive, and the drinks were tasty, though not particularly strong.  i'd rather eat on the cheap (as much as that's possible in vegas) and splurge at fogo de chao in one of its multiple locales for a more inspired and satisfying churrascuria experience.
4	This was my first 'rodizio' style meal, ever. Highly anticipated and well reviewed, I was looking forward to visiting this place. For those of you not aware, it's all you can eat 'steak' house where they bring the entrees to your table. Basically you get a couple of sides (rice & beans, I think) and a little colored indicator. When you want them to bring more meat, you turn the indicator to green, to stop, red. Anyway, there were lots of types of meats that they bring by. Some examples were: steak, bacon wrapped chicken, ribs, and sausage. There are many more, and the variety varies each trip. All meats were cooked properly and hot. As with most Vegas restaurants: the place was empty but we were told to make reservations. Anyway, the staff were excellent and explained the style very well to us, being our first trip. We had a pitcher of caipirinha, which is similar to a margarita or mojita (sans mint.) It's made with cachaca, which tastes like a cross between rum and tequila. Anyway, the food was good. It's a bit pricey, around $40 a person, just for the rodizio style meal, no drinks. I personally find it to be an exceptional value, because of the quality and quantity of food. However, if you are not a big eater, this is probably not the place for you. Also, remember that alcohol has a filling feeling effect on your stomach too. I don't suggest this (or a buffet for that matter) after large quantities of free booze at the tables. We had a wonderful time here, and I'd highly recommend it to anyone who likes meat, any style. "Brazillian" is more a serving style, than culinary style here. Highly recommended.
3	was here for dinner in my last trip to vegas back in feb'09.  been to this type of buffet before in san diego, so i knew what to expect.  it was pricey at $40 a pop.  there was 6 of us.  with a pitcher of sangria the total was $310...  well its vegas.   and in the mirage, so its pricey of course.  its pretty much non-stop meat.  i cant remember which one i like.  i think the beef meats were better than the pork meats.  well, since its the 2nd time ive been to this type of buffet, i like the first time better when it was only $12 a  pop for lunch at san diego gaslamp area.
4	Nice place if you are a total carnivore...I was the only vegetarian in our party...go figure, I end up at a steakhouse...but it seemed that everyone else was extremely satisfied with their neverending all you can eat meat...me? I had a pasta dish...super yummy but way filling...I couldn't even finish my plate...at the end they brought us this yummy desert with brownie and cake and ice-cream and berries...I pretty much just ate the berries and they were super fresh....But yes...if you are a meat eater, you should totally go here and order the neverending meat thingy...
3	Came here with a reservation at 7:30 for dinner. It was pretty packed.We were sat down around 7:45 or so, so not bad. Now, I am a HUGE Ipanema fan in the downtown Seattle area, so I figured I would LOVE this place as well. Anytime Rodizio is offered with high quality meats and sides makes me salivate in thought.We sat down and told the waiter we were going to do the rodizio option. They left but didn't fill our waters for about 10 minutes. Now walking around in the Vegas sun we were really thirsty so this was rather annoying. Once they came back we started our first course which was a salad. This salad was pretty good as it contained garbanzo beans, olives, and many more different types of veggies. So far, we had been impressed. Now they brought our sides out which was different than Ipanema. The sides are served family style at your table so you don't have to get up to get them (we probably needed the walking). Now our first meats were very tasty but one thing really screwed this up. Our waitor/host didn't tell us about the red/green "salt-shaker" kind of thing that tells the meat deliverers whether we are done or not. Now I am a Rodizio veteran and normally know how this works but never had seen it in this form/didn't notice it on the table by the other tools. So basically, we hadn't had any meats for about 10-15 minutes and all of our sides had gotten cold. This was pretty dissapointing, as the waiter did not tell us about this.Now if we had done this right I probably would give another star or so, but the experience wasn't as enjoyable as it should have been.But the meats were gooooood... :)
1	I had high expectations of this place and was quickly disappointed.  The meat was all pretty much dry.  The pork with pineapple was the only thing that was any good.  I am not a fan by any means now.....Pros:We were seated quickly Service was fantasticCons:Dry meatOverpriced
2	OK, so we had tickets to see "Love," the Cirque de Soleil show at The Mirage (doesn't every hotel have one?), and thought it would be easier to dine at the same hotel.Can somebody explain this type of "Brazilian steakhouse" to me?Yeah, it's "all-you-can-eat" and that should have served as a warning to me, but . . . wasn't bad, but wasn't great . . . .Really 2.5 stars.
4	Pretty much your typical "Brazilian" style all you can eat place. I enjoyed it and had some good meats. It is less formal and of lesser quality than other restaurants I have been to that have the same restaurant format but I think this is just true of Vegas in general. It was a good quality meal that was quick and easy if you are pressed for time.  A good place to stop by if you are needing a place to eat before seeing LOVE.
3	I came here upon the recommendation of a friend- the Brazilian All you can eat buffet, with tableside service.  Lets just break it down-  Some of the meats were good, some were not so good.  They started with an assortment of bread and crackers, then continued with salad and then brought out the good stuff- the meat!They started out with two types of chicken both of which were too dry for my taste- lacked flavor too, then brought out a turkey wrapped in bacon which was really just excellent!  next they brought out a roasted pork, which again was too dried out for me. then there was sausage which was decent, then there was a flank steak which was good, but the best dish they brougth out was the sirloin!  perfectly cook, melting in your mouth sirloin!  all that wait was made better JUST for that dish!  My sis had requested a more rare piece, and the attentive waiter quickly went and found a piece just perfect for her.  Their sides were average, didnt care for the cream of spinach or the glazed carrots, although the black beans were good.. I honestly could have done without the sides and head straight for the meat!  the salad served was great- didnt want to fill up too much on the bread though - saving room for the meat.  ordered two drinks a mojito and a samba punch.. mojito $10, punch $11.75.  The punch was nearly four times the size of the mojito!  worth it?  YES!service was really outstanding- they were very very friendly, casual and not too overbearing in your face about eating.  great service, not bad food either!  dont know if i will return there as most the meat dishes were dry, so thats why the 3-star rating; however, if it were for the sirloin.. a full five stars!
3	Had the all-you-can-eat experience and was quite happy with the results.  Yay for the flank steak (had like 5 servings), the bacon-wrapped turkey and the hawaiian chicken.  The sides were pretty good as well.  The rice and beans and fried plantains were decent.  However, it was all about the meat!  And the caipirinhas!!!
4	Although I am fan of Fogo de Chao, this one was not so bad. The meats were tender and juicy and the sides were pretty good. Although I did not drink that night others did and let me tell you that the drinks were HUGE! You definitely get your $10.95 worth and will only need one. YOWZA!
2	I forgot that I took clients here last year. Here's my disclaimer. We're a Brasilian family, and I'm in and around traditional, and excellent, Brasilian foods on a regular basis. My coffee avocation and my wife's family food businesses in Brasil have trained me well as an American married to a Brasilian. This is not traditional Brazilian churrascaria. However, it was a relaxing dining experience that included, as I remember, OK food. We got a nice booth in the back of the restaurant. For seating I'd give that evening a3 stars, but for food, probably 2 stars only because it wasn't traditional, and we could have gone to so many other fine dining establishments off the strip.(for more info on Brazilian BBQ's, see my review of Texas de Brazil, Las Vegas)
4	We did Samba before we went and saw Love on 8/20. Samba sits right by the Revolution Lounge near the Mirage bank of elevators. It is a fun place and a good spot to people watch! We had the Rodizio (they bring a variety of bbq'd meats to your table) and it was great. I loved most of the selections (which never happens at Rodizio) and they even made it a point to get my husband the well done cuts he loves (very nice). The sides are bit different (creamed spinach, carrots, plantains and rice and beans), but I tried them all and there wasn't a bad one in the bunch. Service was great and the experience was a good one! Try it!
4	We went here to celebrate my mom's birthday and I wanted to pick a restaurant for her that wasn't too pricey and something that we've never tried before.  It's been almost 3 years since I've eaten here, so things might changed since then.  What I do remember though was meat, meat, and more meat!  This was my first exposure to Brazilian BBQ, so I found the Rodizio experience to be little overwhelming, but fun nonetheless.  My favorites were the turkey and the pork (I forgot what they were called but that what I can remember off hand).  It was only $31 back then, not sure how much it costs now but I can imagine it costing a whole lot more.  At that price though, for the large amount of meat we consumed, it was worth every dollar.  The restaurant itself is very cozy and great for people watching since it's right in the middle of the Mirage casino and the service that we got was top notch as we were always approached by the meat waiters when our 'light' was green.There weren't many places like this along the strip back then from what I recall, because now I'm seeing a lot more churrascaria houses along the Strip, making me wonder if Samba was the catalyst for all of them popping up.  Great dining experience though.
3	I'm wanting to giving it four stars and find myself surprised-- it was a last minute decision and haven't heard much hype about this place, but it delivered! Samba's dining room half moons into the end of the casino near the Beatles bar, right near the poker table games, near the guest elevators. It's elevated a bit and not smokey if that is a concern. We all ordered the Rodizio and house salad. The salad was delightfully chilled to perfection, with an amazing house dressing. Perfectly dressed, I became excited. I mean, the salad is really incredible. The selection of meats presented to us were fantastic, everything super tasty and perfectly cooked.  The turkey shined, but I kept going back for the steak. The sides are the basic moves for a brasil inspired steakhouse on the Las Vegas strip, but you know what? They were all awesome. Nothing looked plopped into a last minute steamer or microwave, and they certainly didn't taste like that.When Samba opened it was a trendy hard to get into joint, and I wasn't really into the menu. But I not only gave it a whirl, I loved it. And it's a fantastic bargain.  Super friendly, but attentive service. Extremely clean environ as well. If you get a table near the half moon, some pretty good people watching as well.You'll leave stuffed here if you give it a chance. For those that imbibe, the raves about the drinks were endless.  The food just keeps coming here, it's like a great summer bbq where a master is cooking all sorts of different things to try, fresh off the charcoal grill. It's really a 3 star destination, but I want to throw in the extra star for the overwhelming value. The ingredients from the salad to the plantains and the quality of steak (choice) plus whatever goes into that creamed spinach left all of us feeling like we found a modern day Vegas Bargain. The ingredients and execution were ON-- what more can you ask for??Us foodie snobs loved this place. I can't wait to be back! Reservations: Not usually necessary.  If you have a tram pass, take it to Harrah's and cross the street. Dress is casual, but you won't feel out of place if you do it business casual.  Shorts and hats are okay, but they may make you take off that baseball cap.  Service: Warm, and fun, but not over the top (no "flare" worn by the staff)  Very clean.   Probably a fun place for teenagers early in the evening. Got a bit rowdy (in a good way) later in the evening when we ate, with everyone clamoring for the hustling meat runners.   Tee heeTry it!
3	I had dinner at Samba with several friends on Monday.Ribeye: 2.5/5 - The steak was cooked medium. However, it was dry and lacked flavor. It comes with a dipping sauce which it really needs for flavor.Samba Salad: 4/5Service: 3/5 - The problem with rodizio restaurants is the server tends to disappear many times.Ambience: 3.5/5
3	If you like to eat and are worried about not having enough in one meal? Go to Samba... soooooooooooo much food that I didnt know what to do with it all. I went for the all you can eat $38 meatapalooza and boyfriend got the sirloin. I really didnt feel like the quality of the the meal was to par with the price of the meal but there were definitely some tasty tidbits. The ginger beef was super yummy but some of the other meat choices lacked flavor. This restaurant was convenient to our evening show but I dont know that I would go back again when there are so many better options in Vegas.
3	My first trip to Samba was four years ago, and it stuck in my mind. That being said, I made reservations for last Friday, Nov 13. Service was fantastic. Table was great. $60 for dinner for me with a couple of drinks is a lot, so I expected a lot.It was a great meal, didn't disappoint. Not sure if its worth $38 for the all you can eat meat entree that I had. Tasty, but pricey.
4	Maybe it was the company, but I had a wonderful time at this place. It's pretty cut and dry the meats were well cooked and marinated and the sides were fulfilling from the rice, creamed spinach to the salad. The drinks were great! Fun lively atmosphere since it's inside the casino area. I would definitely go here again. And yes, it always makes a difference who your dinner date is.
5	We stayed at the Mirage for our honeymoon and ate at Sambas. Great atmosphere and we had prompt service with great waiters.  My wife and I are carnivores....and as mentioned, IF YOU LIKE MEAT, this is the place for you.  The Flank steak was killer, the Salad was great, and they give you this piece of wood with a green top and a red bottom.  Green means GO which means bring on the meat!! Red means STOP! Which means, i'm good with what I got, i'll flip it to green when i'm ready.  We both got the all you can eat.  I believe it was $40 a person, but damn well worth it.  We're from Oregon, and we have nice places to eat in Portland and other areas that we love, but the taste of the food at Sambas was wonderful.  Next time we go back to Vegas We're eating there at least twice haha.  Viva sambas!!!!
3	Came here because me and a couple of girlfriends were short on time before going to see a show.  I had never even heard of a Brazilian Steakhouse. WHAT? Holy fat girl, this is a dream come true...all you can eat and I don't even have to get my ass out of the seat? I am in love! But sadly....not so much.  I will most def try another Brazilian Steakhouse but with all the great places to eat in Vegas - I'd vote to skip Samba.  We had the all you can eat and my favorite part was the salad and bread. Our meats just weren't that great - they all seemed pretty dry. I do love the concept though. We also told the manager each time he came by to check on us that we were in a hurry to catch the show right after we eat and would love our check (we asked right after ordering).  That never happened.  In the end we gave a card before our bill and said WE HAVE TO GO.  Really, that was annoying.
4	Meat lovers? This is your place to eat! AYCE style food the offer all types of meat such as Turkey wrapped with bacon, beef, chicken, Fish, sausage, pork all types of meat. Its 34.95 if your tired of the vegas buffet give this place a try.
3	My dinner guest had been here before and told me that the last time she was here, they were a bit stingy on coming by and offering up the different meats... that was not the case this time!It seemed like every 3 to 5 minutes there was someone standing next to me with a meat pole and a knife ready to fill up my plate. From the ribs to the flank steak to the pork with a pineapple slice - it was a meat fest all around. Great service and quality food.Warning: don't fill up on all the sides they bring out before the meat starts being slinged.... You'll want the belly room for desert. Enjoy!
3	Went on a Sunday night.It was ok.  Food was fine and so was the service. My husband and I had the Rodizio experience, an all you can eat setup with a variety of Brazilian meats and sides. Some were good, others were burnt, and some were bad without an excuse.  We each tried one of their Brazilian-themed cocktails, and having spent $20 for the two, it would have been a better investment if I threw the cash in a slot machine and got a free beer.For $40 a person, go to a buffet somewhere else.
4	If you're a vegetarian, stay away! This is a meat lover's paradise Brazilian style located at the Mirage.  All of us ordered the Rodizio all-you-can-eat rice, beans, creamed spinach. and a huge assortment of grilled meats.  The rice and beans were spicy and alive with flavor while the meats (from chicken to flank steak to sirloin to pork loin and more) were juicy and rare.  The Brazilian Caipirinha cocktail was refreshing and fabulous.Hint: Don't fill up on the bread and intro salad - the best is yet to come.  10+ types of grilled meat for $38.95 per person. Bem Feito!
5	Love Samba!!!Great price and amazing food!  Brazilian Steakhouses can be too expensive.  Samba is perfect, and doesnt sacrifice quality.  Love the sides; cream spinach, black beans and rice, glazed carrots, chim-churri sauce..  Tons of great meats.  Excellent Mojitos!If youre in Vegas and want to pound down some protein, this is the place!Looking forward to be back!
3	We were comped a meal here after a dealer at the Mirage made a racist comment to one of my friends at the Black Jack table.  The food was really good and the service was ok.  THe staff was attentive, but not many options other than meat at this place, which can get overwhelming.  Overall a pretty good place.
5	Where can I start ? Gosh this place deserves all the 5 stars. I went here with my boyfriend and i toughed it up and ordered the all you can eat meat. Gosh. We had a secret plan of not eating the salad or the bread because of course everyone says its a "trick" to make you full. Well...that plan did not go through. The bread was delicious. The salad was so good. The plantains were so orgasmic. Then here comes the meat! I got so excited my eyes glowed like Dumbos. I loved seeing the meat in a stick. Yum. I could never be a vegetarian. I ate everything until I went on a food coma. After eating at this place.....we took a nap for a couple hours. The adventure is totally worth it. I loved it and I will never forget it. Everything was so tasty. Orgasmic. I love SAMBA
4	Just a tip, if you don't like a lot of salt, don't take an end cut of any of the meats. Ask your server to cut from where the outside edge is missing. That way you don't get so much salt. I found the food pretty good otherwise. And it is definitely worth trying a bite or two of the side dishes. I especially liked the plantains.
4	om nom nom, sooo good!If your craving meat, and a lot of it; this is the place for you.We were going to head to Jet that night so we figured, lets eat at the Mirage since we're going to party here anyways. A friend suggested Samba, and we all agreed. They have none stop incoming meats. You have this piece of wood with red and green painted on each side to tell the waiter if you want them to keep the meat coming or to stop. Every 5 or so minutes a different waiter came with a different selection of meats, each one better then the previous. They're sangrias are also to die for. All that meat was an excellent drinking base for the heavy drinking that went on that night too! WOOP VEGAS!
3	We've done the Brazilian Steakhouse thing before and were blown away but here...I would say it's okay.  I'm glad we got discount tickets at Tix4Dinner first...that made it a bit easier.  The salad bar was nice and had some decent things on it.  Some of the meats were good, others were a bit dry.  My husband LOVED the pineapple especially.  The first filet I had was dry, the second offerring was better.  They were pretty good about coming around regularly with the meat...especially when we were long past done.  I wish I could say I was blown away by the experience but really it was just a good meal with some decent selections.
4	Great good
2	Mediocre. The all-you-can-eat was largely flavorless, at least on the beef side.  Flank steak and sirloin were essentially tasteless and a bit tough.  Most disappointing was the difficulty getting the waiter to come back with the meat.  I guess it's all you can eat if you can find it.
3	Since I have been low-carbing it lately, SBS seemed like the perfect choice to get our nosh on while we commemorated 20 years of marriage.  We were right.  Lots of protein options which were all pretty tasty, except the lamb and chicken were quite dry. Their house salad was wonderful.  Service was pretty good.  Overall, a fun dining experience ... but I think Yoli's does Brazil better.
5	A friend of mine told me I should check this place out next time Im in Vegas. Seeing that she was a food enthusiast, I didnt really question her suggestion and tried this place out.I love meat as a whole so this place was like heaven for me! Nonstop meat! nonstop goodness!! Their meat was perfectly seasoned and the service was awesome too. We had sangrias that were also pretty amazing.I really liked one of the meats (forgot what it was called) but when my waiter realized this he kept that same kind coming and coming....and COMING! delicious is all I have to say.We were a party of 4 and with 4 all you can eat meats, sangrias and appetizers it came out to about $200...not bad for such an awesome meal in vegas.
2	Just OK.  OK service, OK food.  Kind of bland everything and the meats were all pretty dry & boring.  Only 2 beef items, flank & sirloin.  The best thing was the oversized Brazilian Punch cocktail.  Overall, it's just too much $ for just OK.
5	Worth EVERY penny!  Be sure to not eat a big lunch before going!The price includes:  1) An unlimited salad, side dish, breads/rolls, and dessert buffet.  Delicious choices.  It is hard not to fill up on just this part!2) Unlimited BBQ meats. The meat servers walk around the restaurant with various BBQ meats (my favorite was the ham and pineapple) and stop at your table to offer you each of the 6+ types of meat.  They carve you a portion and return every few minutes to offer more/different meats.3) We paid extra for the surf/turf option and were brought additional servings.  While I enjoyed it, I wouldn't pay extra for this option because there is so much other food to enjoy.
5	AMAZING!!!!!!!!If you go here before a show, remember to take your time....because honey, you want to stick around for the all you can eat MEAT!!!!My boyfriend an I "shared" the $40 meat fest....not in the rules to share, but he would slip me pieces of meat when he got his share. It was magic. Flank steak? Yes, please! Lamb? Don't mind if I do. Bacon wrapped turkey? Um YES!It was incredibly filling and ridiculously good. We also order the crab cakes to make it look like I wasn't sharing, pretty clever, eh? Those were awesome as well.......no filler, just crab and a bit of seasoning, crab was the star of this show!And yes, we enjoyed a pitcher of sangria as well.They give you a wooden block that has one side painted green, and one side is red (to indicated whether you want more meat) Keep it green and make your stomach happy!
5	Good foods and Great service. Get the all you can eat meat.  Ask for Laura to be your server. She is the best. Will be back again when in Vegas.
2	The only reason this place doesn't get 1 star is they have comfy seating.  We saw our waiter very seldom through out this joke of a meal.  I've been to many good Brazilian steakhouses before, and this isn't one of them.  I saw some of the waiters bring the meat around to other tables, and it didn't look like anything exceptional.  We decided to order a few appetizers and drinks, and then figure out if we would go all-you-can-eat.  $9-$12 each:Beef Empenadas - Grisly, greasy bits of beef hide away in a decent pastry pocket.  The pastry was very good, having a nice crispy bite to it.  The problem was the horrific gruel that poured out.  Chicken Skewers - Similar to chinese chicken samples given away in a mall, this fatty and flavorless skewer was awful.  We left most of it untouched.Crab Cakes - Tons of mayonnaise and dry cakes made this equally unpleasant.  We opted not to order anything else.  When our waiter finally arrived, we paid our bill and left.  This Cheesy tourist trap has none of the frills a good Brazilian Steakhouse should have (salad bar, good service, succulent meats) but most of the price ($39.99 a person)
5	RODIZIO! WOW, I don't even know where to start. Seeing as how I lived in Rio de Janeiro for 4 years I feel like I know good churrasco when I see it, and Samba is good churrasco! The product is to die for, the meats are perfectly cooked and seasoned, the fresh mozzarella is fab, and the little golden secret is their green garlic sauce... GOLD! I put that stuff on everything! Granted I love love love garlic, so if you're not a garlic fan you may not be as nuts about it as I am but it was literally to die for. The sides are delicious also, beans and rice, creamed spinach, etc. My only complaint about Samba are the pao de queijos or cheese breads don't taste authentic, the center should be soft and buttery and it was hard and somewhat grainy. Only because I think they were trying to make a "gourmet" version of the cheese breads but really you just have to go with tradition! Also, the capirinhas which are a traditional Brazilian mixed drink were delicious and very large, even for big drinkers one will give you serious bang for your buck. I promise you will love Samba, so go!
4	The lamb was sooooooo delicious! This was a decent Brazilian BBQ place, considering you're in a huge tourist city.The service was a little slow, but seriously, just have no shame and flag them down and ask 'em to come by again and again and again.Drinks were reasonably priced for LV, too. I recommend it!
5	Good service. Good food. All you can eat meat is worth the $39 which imo is a great deal.
5	-Great Service-Amazing Steaks-Great environment for those looking for a more intimate dinner-Order the endless meal. This is the best way to try all of their best meats.-Come hungry!
3	This place gets 3 stars for okay service and a large price tag for the all you can eat Brazilian meats. The cost is $50/ person but i guess Vegas is not cheep. The servers come to your table and bring the metal roasted skewered meats to your plates and carve them right there, but our servers waited a very long time between meats (poor service which saved them money by making us full through the wait). The meats were tasty and good: lime citrus sirloin, roasted lamb that didn't taste gamey, citrus flavored roasted chicken etc. They also start you off with a great tasting fresh salad and some side dishes of black beans, rice, etc. We came to this place because it was a Bobby Flay themed restaurant. I'm not a fan of Bobby Flay so my expectations were not high, but the taste of the food and the texture and freshness of the meats were better than expected. In summary great food (not the highest of quality meats because it wasn't rib eye), steep price, and not very good service...
1	Where do I begin..? Bland tasting meats, terrible service and over priced food. Salad was good, but it was all you can eat and they never offered a second helping. Asked the waiter (that took 10 minutes to greet us) for second helping but didn't see him again for 20 minutes. Meats were bland. They didn't even have enough salt be pepper on them and the tops had no rub or sauce on them at all. Almost walked out half way through. Don't get a alcoholic drink there bc there over priced and you probably won't get it until after your done eating. WILL NEVER GO BACKtook 10-15min to get a water refill
1	This is the worst Brazilian BBQ I have ever had....and I have eaten at many of the best in Brazil and Miami. The meat was poor and not authentic brazilian BBQ cuts. The sides were even worse. I love sweet, fried plantains but the ones they served were not even edible. Don't bother to eat here.
4	Had a networking meeting/dinner here tonight.  Very, very good food.  The flank steak and especially the lamb were delicious.  I enjoyed the salad and the service was solid.
5	I've eaten at Samba's at the Mirage annually for the past 10 or so years, and I wouldn't miss it while in Vegas (or the Carnegie Deli at the Mirage)! I LOVE everything I've eaten at Samba's, from the bread (similar to a popover, delicious) to the salad (I don't know what the dressing is, but it's mighty tasty), and the meats & sides are all so good, I literally eat till it hurts!I agree with some other reviewers, the service is sometimes a little slow ( a common complaint at MANY restaurants), but it's well worth it for the excellent quality food they serve here.  Go once, and I'm sure you'll add it to your list of must-visit restaurants whenever you're in Vegas!P.S.  One final comment about service at this and so many, many restaurants.  What is it about servers that once they take your order, they all congregate in the kitchen area and chat with eachother instead of walking around seeing if anyone needs anything?  I can't tell you how often this happens to me (not just at Samba but at nearly every restaurant that I dine at).  I really wish that more servers would get the hint that they need to walk around and notice if customers are looking around, trying to get someone's attention.  Even if you're not in their "section" all servers should be on the lookout for empty beverages, customers needing something, etc.  Nothing can take the wind out of the sails of a great dining experience like waiting around for your waiter!
1	Skewers of grilled meat, normally a good thing. However Samba just doesn't pull it together. The beef is okay, but the lamb (usually a highlight at Brazilian Steakhouses was disappointing and way over done. Our server disappeared and left us without water refills here in the desert.The Caipirinhas were fine which is the only redeeming quality of the meal. To top the dinner off the servers wanted to go home and did a quick flash of the house lights to get us to go.Not up to par with the Mirage.
4	Came here a couple years back.....REALLY expensive, but a really good food, problem is, is that you gotta drink there and i wasn't old enough during that time.
4	I've read some not-so-great reviews on this place, and I must say it has to be based on unfortunate coincidence. The experience is fun, food is delicious... the service can be better but it wasn't horrible. I happened to be with great company, which makes it even better (: My advice to you... do not go here unless you're ready to EAT, otherwise you're not taking full advantage of what the place offers. We all ordered the all-you-can-eat (of course..., that should really be the only option for anybody). As they walked around with the food, there were only 1 or 2 options that I didn't really care for because it was a bit dry for my tasting or too salty; however, the rest were fantastic! The lamb was my favorite, and I loved how their medium-rare steak was actually medium-rare! Melts right in your mouth (:  The side dishes are also key factors: the rice and beans, sweet potato, etc... reminds me of Korean-style dining where the side dishes can be constantly refilled and they certainly add a great variety to dinner. Overall, I recommend this place. I will be trying more Brazilian steakhouses throughout the city that are perhaps more reasonably priced... but I can't bash on Samba for being a tad on the $$ side because it's located in a casino on the strip. Definitely check this place out as a tourist, or you're conveniently on the strip... just bring an empty stomach ;)
5	SAMBA BRAZILIAN STEAKHOUSEIf you're tired of all the endless buffets in Las Vegas, stop by Samba in the Mirage for either the Brazilian all-you-can-at meatfest or simply, a delicious Brazilian dinner. The ambiance is quite nice here, as red is the dominant color. We sat at the bar right before the BEATLES LOVE show and had a fantastic dinner of pork chops and salmon. Eat entree comes with large sides, including sweet potatoes, plantaines, black beans, etc. The portions were absolutely huge!!! Just the sides alone constitute a meal in itself. The sweet chutney sauce on the pork chops was wonderful! Service was top-notch, as they rushed our order so we could get to the show. Next time, time to try the meatfest!!!
2	Meat, meat, and more meat.  The service picked up from a slow start.  Most appropriate for a pack of males roving the strip, a bachelorette party, or feeding hungry teenagers.  I wouldn't walk very far for this place, but after a long day at a green felt table or sports book, do you really want more?
4	This was the first brazilian steakhouse I ever tried in Vegas so it will always play a special roll in my heart.  The food is outrageous....  Must go to this place if you like meat!
1	I ordered the $39.99 all you can eat meat; all of the meats were very dry!! The worst of the worst was the lamb, dry as hell and very gamey tasting. The worst lamb I've ever had. The acceptable items were the flank steak and the turkey wrapped in bacon, but not by much. Don't wast your time, money, or the opportunity to eat somewhere else.
2	I do agree with others that the service is quite lacking. We had a large party of 8 and it took forever for the waitstaff to even take our drink orders. We weren't in a rush though, so it was tolerable. After overindulging, I'm less eager to return. Me + AYCE meat = indigestion. But if I do, I'll go straight for the fried plantains, flank steak and the lamb. Their specialty drinks and desserts are forgettable. I would grab these somewhere else.
3	You have some opportunities to eat some unique foods here, and can spend an fortune if you want to... Of the foods I've had elsewhere (Hamachi, Tunu, Sushi Rolls) this place does not stack up well.. However, I was able to get a very wide variety of offerings, including kobe beef which we cooked at our table on a heated rock... very cool.  IMO, I think this place is best if you have wads of cash and want to impress some drunken business clients...You should start by ordering some very expensive wine and sake, get them loosened up, and then they won't mind so much their well presented by mostly bland offerings.
1	This place is a definite no-go.  The steak is just bad.  In a city of great steakhouses, there is no excuse for such rubbery, bland, cheap steak.  The rest of the food is similarly disappointing.  And it's so overpriced!  Save yourself and go elsewhere, please.
3	Food was quite good, but service was not.We ordered the "Caveman's Delight"  (all-you-can-eat meat).  Some of the meats were very good, some so-so, some no-so great.  Overall, the food was satisfying and we enjoyed watching the trolls playing slots just beyond the comfy confines of the restaurant.The service started out promising and the meat servers were more than generous with their offerings.  Unfortunately, the service began going down hill about midway through our meal and turned downright poor as we finishing.  It was like our waiter had left for home in the middle of our meal.  BTW, the service was not nearly as pathetic as OTTO (over at the Venetian), but could be much better.I might try it again, but probably not. Bottom line: If you've had a bunch of drinks during the day at The Mirage pool and don't feel like venturing far from the hotel,  this may be a good choice (especially if you like meat, but are not a meat snob).
5	I'm not sure where all the negative reviews are coming from, but my husband and I had an amazing time at Samba!  We chose to try out Samba's all-you-can-eat rodizio for our anniversary dinner, and we were not disappointed.  The sides that arrived first (black beans, rice, glazed carrots, fried sweet plantains, salad, bread, creamed spinach) were all delicious.  Then came the meat parade!  All I can say is...wow.  It seemed like each meat that came out was better than the last.  The only two misses for me were the pork (which was quite a bit dry and lacking on the flavor) and the garlic chicken legs (also a bit dry and very average tasting).  The pineapple that came with the pork was delicious, though!  My favorites overall were the lamb, the sirloin, and the chicken wings.  The flavors on these three were exquisite!  The lamb and the sirloin positively melted in my mouth.  Even my usually hard to please husband gave Samba a two thumbs up sort of review.There were lots of delicious sounding drinks on the menu, but we stuck with just water for dinner.  I would definitely recommend Samba to others going to Vegas, and I will probably be there again on my next vacation!
4	The food was ok for the price.  Comparing to other brazillian steakhouses, the price was on par and Samba's didn't have the Vegas casino inflation price, about $40 per person after everything.  The best part of the meal was the flank steak and the lamb.  The chimichurri sauce was great with the flank steak.  Also the frilled pineapple and pork (especially the pineapple) were something to not pass up.
4	A good Brazilian BBQ place at the Mirage and surprisingly not that expensive for Vegas ($39). All the meats were very good especially the turkey wrapped in bacon and the chicken with garlic bread. The bread they come out with prior to the meal was not that great .but the salads and sides were very good (the plantains being especially delicious). The waitress was a little slow with the service but the meat guys kept coming quickly with food. Definitely worth dining here.
4	The food was good.  Not awesome, but good nonetheless.  The bread is  awesome.  And the garlic dip for the bread is extremely tasty!  Compared to other brazillian steakhouses, the  meats were not overly flavorful.The cocktails were very generous and tasty!  Overall a good dinner.
5	This place was OUTSTANDING. Well worth the price. My husband and I both loved it. The service was outstanding and the atmosphere was great. We had a great time! We would definitely eat here again.
4	Great food, great prices for the all you can eat! Service is on the good side, but it was very busy & they try to please all customers. If your on strip, walking and not driving, then Samba's is the place to eat! It's kinda of the best of everything but of coarse you can find just a little better but you got to drive out. but for the strip, this is it! Ate here for the first time with my friends on my bachlor party night and then a few months later, I took my wife here to try and she love's it.
1	id give this place no stars if i could,  the food was downright awful, the sides they give you to go along with the meats like the cream spinach, plantains, and carrots were basically not edible, we started to joke about how bad the meal was not one person in our party thought it was any good.   the meats were mostly over cooked and very bland, the one thing i enjoyed was the pineapple not the pork that came with it just the pineapple. and the flank steak when not overcooked was actually OK as for the rest just terrible i will never go to this restaurant again and would never recommend it to anyone
5	I just had the opportunity to dine at Samba Grill again 2 days ago and the food was as great as ever!  I love everything here, from the delicious bread with unusual dipping sauces they start you out with, to the Brazilian salad and of course the meats.  This time, I opted for the Rodizio experience and really enjoyed the flavors of all the meats I tried.  Their creamed spinach is some of the best I've ever found anywhere (I'm always looking for great creamed spinach, Samba's is pretty much the benchmark standard in my book). I also love the carmelized plantains and candied carrots they serve, and like that all the sides are all-you-can-eat, sorta like going to a buffet but not having to get up and go get your food!  I've made it a point to dine here every time I'm in Vegas for the past 12 years since I discovered this place.  Enjoy!
3	Samba Brazilian Steakhouse is like the Brazilian Steakhouses I've been to Long Beach and Bay Area. Meaning, it's nothing special, but if you are in the mood to eat lots of different types of meat on the strip, this is the place. I believe the all you can eat option of BBQ is around $40 before tax and tip. The meat that I rather enjoyed were the flank, pork and pineapple, and lamb. Everything else, is what you expect, chicken is chicken. Sirloin is sirloin.
4	Caipirinhas and endless meat - why would I ever leave?This was my first exposure to Brazilian style dining and I've had many since, including in Sao Paulo itself.  I've been here a number of times and have never been disappointed.  Like the buffets LV is legendary for, but differing in 3 ways:1. You never have to get up to get another portion - the food comes to you!2. Much classier ambiance and clientele3. Better grade of meats and seafoodThe caipirinhas are a great start and authentic ( and potent) - keep'em coming.  The meats are fresh and tender.  Truly a great meal every time.
4	This place is essentially your standard all you can eat Brazilian meat buffet.  I made the mistake of partaking in the bread, thereby filling me up substantially before the meat festivities began. I couldn't help it though, because that chimichurri sauce that comes served with the bread was so garlicky and delicious.By the time the servers came around, I was nearly full from appetizers alone. Yes, I know I made the one cardinal mistake that one is not supposed to do when eating at an establishment such as this, but I have a weakness for the chimichurri which, by the way, goes great on the sirloin and lamb cuts.
1	I feel a tad deceptive rating this place since we only had breakfast there but I would avoid this place at all costs.  It had to be a new venue for them because nothing could be this bad and survive.  Total chaos amongst the staff, dishes took way too long to appear before you and when they did, they were cold.  Obviously, this place has never heard that breakfast is the most important meal.....
2	With a group of 9. Those that ordered the All-you-can-eat meat ($40) probably had the best meal. 4 of our party ordered steaks off the menu and, as others have stated, they were thin, over-cooked and pretty tasteless. They were supplied with a couple of sauces to give them some flavor. The cream spinach was OK and the fried plantains weren't too bad. Bread wasn't much. Service was OK, but not outstanding. Quite noisy, but it is open to casino. All in all, not so great, for the price. Steaks were $34 and there is a $10 plate charge for sharing entrees (not allowed on all-you-can-eat). Tab was $600 for 9 people.Over-priced, as is every place in the Mirage.For the $$, you can certainly geet a much better meal elsewhere.
4	Surprisingly good. The meats all have interesting favors, and are properly cooked. I love not waiting for food also.  The Brazilian steakhouse style is always fun. And I expected it to be somehow cheesier in Vegas. But it was actually really good. The lamb was outstanding, and the chicken leg was way better than I expected. Give it a whirl before going to the Beatles show.
1	Horrible service. Had Brazilian buffet or whatever they think it is. Waited long for the first course. An then waited 30 minutes for the check and we didn't even get the desert! Manager rude and didn't greet us and greeted everyone I mean everyone but us! And we were overcharged. Needless to say it was the worst service I recieved and I'm from LA! Never again and the food was not great at all. Go to another restaurant like BLT
1	I had visited the Samba Grill six years ago and looked forward to the experience.  However, it was NOT the same experience.  We were being seved at 8 pm on a Tuesday evening.I had the "All You Can Eat" food on the swords.All swords were barely warm, and the meats were dried out as if they had been cooked some time ago or reheated.  Mind you this is for a $40 per person entree.I will not return to this restaurant.  There are SO MANY new restaurants, beautiful facilities, I will not gamble having another bad meal here.
2	Meh.....A group of 7 men in Vegas looking to eat cheap. How about an all you can eat meat fest?  I promise, it's not as gay as it sounds. The service was painfully slow and inefficient. The side dishes were okay, but nothing spectacular. The meat selections were varied but they took forever to bring the skewers around. Most of the meat was fatty and a cheaper cut. It was all decent, but nothing special.  The top sirloin, however, was awesome. The best part was a $200 error on our bill. They actually forgot to put 5 entrees on the tab. Pretty sweet.
1	We made reservations here for our anniversary.  First of all, it is not intimate at all.  I felt like I was seating at Denny's or ihop with people 2 feet to my side in the booth.  We couldn't even focus on our conversation because you couldn't help but have the tables conversation next to you interrupting you.  It is right off the casino and not a separate restaurant so it is smoky.Here's a recap:SERVICE- VERY slow.  Wait staff not very knowledgeable.  I asked for carrots and they didn't bring them out to me until 40 minutes later when I asked for the 3rd time.FOOD- Meat very bland.  Side dishes, ok.  Chimichurri sauce was very good.LOCATION - Bad.OVERALL VALUE- Horrible.
4	This was very unique/different dining experience I had ever had. Depending what you order the all you can eat is the most popular item on the menu. It really means all you can eat meat, but not all you can eat side dishes it includes.   The bread they gave us was different. It looked like small mini biscuits topped with cheese, even though it was small it's pretty satisfying. Also came with round thick crackers, which I wasn't so crazy about. It came with two different sauces. First one looked like salsa, but tasting it had a entirely different flavor with a kick of black pepper that made it really good. I liked the 2nd sauce that contained a lot of oil, spices and garlic especially. As for the salad part, I was told that a traditional Brazilian steakhouse usually comes with an all you can eat salad bar. Apparently I was disappointed that they only had pre tossed salad, and was really looking forward to the all you can eat salad buffet. Pre tossed salad was alright, it was creamy but a little bit bland to my taste. For the all-you-can-eat-meat part this is what I tried:Sausages- this was the highlight out of all the meats I tried. Inside wasn't so packed,                     but it was so flavorful and ended up getting 2nds afterwards.Top Sirloin- It had a great flavor to it and was cooked to medium rare. I thought it                       could've been a little bit more rare, but the seasoning on the top made                      up for it.Turkey Wrapped Bacon- It was alright, turkey was lean and tasted well with the                                              bacon.Chicken drumstick- I really liked how well marinated it was, not only from the outside                                    of the chicken but the inside as well. For every bite you tasted,                                    it always had so much flavor. It is really tender as well.Garlic Bread- yes  grilled garlic bread! this was my 2nd favorite! the bread was soft                        not hard at all.As for the side dishes it included, out of all I loved the plantains! it was sweet and glazed with some syrupy sauce. Creamy spinach reminded me a lot like spinach souffle, but it tastes entirely different and much creamier. Glazed carrots was new for me, it was sweet and almost tasted like candied yams. Black beans and Rice was so-so, and a little bland. Service I have to agree with everyone on here, it's really SLOW. You have to sorta plan ahead if you want faster service. The waitress however is really nice, she really took care of us. Only bummer is that this restaurant is an open area, a few steps away from the slots so don't bother with having a quiet conversation here.
5	I first had Samba in 2005. My husband and I eat here almost every trip to Las Vegas. I have had family members order off the menu and they enjoyed their meals, but rodizio Is the way to go here. You start with a salad and bread. Then they bring out your side items: glazed carrots, plantains, creamed spinach, rice and beans. I love the carrots and plantains. The typical meat offerings are sausages, chicken wings, bacon-wrapped turkey, sirloin steak, flank steak, lamb, teriyaki chicken, pork and pineapple. The pork and pineapple is my favorite part. The pineapple is honey glazed before they cook it and it is fantastic! Definitely the highlight. They also have garlic bread and vegetables now. It is pricey at about $35 per person but go hungry because it is worth it.
3	I wasn't impressed with my food.  The only reason I am giving it 3 stars was because the friends I was dining with enjoyed their food.  One of my friends sent back her grouper because it was disgustingly fishy, but loved the new dish she got.  The talk of the table was how great the 2 all you can eat meat on a sword dishes were.  I had the Brazilian Spiced Pork.  My food was "ehhh"Service was not good.Overall, not bad, but I've had better.
2	Everything here was pretty bland for my taste, from the service to the food.  Went tonight for a business type dinner.  Convenient since I was staying at the Mirage, but next time we'll venture out a bit.  When you go to Fogo De Chao they have a lot more selection of meats.  Samba has about 7 or 8 different items and they're all kind of "warmed up" tasting, meaning they have been cooked, brought out....reheated and served again which fine as long as it doesn't taste that way, if that makes sense.  The meat for the most part was unseasoned and needed something to kick it up a notch on the flavor.The salad was terrible, and the creamed spinach again, was not seasoned at all.  We're in Las Vegas and there's a great restaurant within 100 feet of wherever you are, most likely.  Go somewhere else.
4	So while we were in Vegas my husband and I went to dinner with my stepson. He and his friend had been there before and love this place.  I want you to keep in mind I am a girl, and if I had to list my favorite foods, meat in general does not really top the list.  Ok with that in mind here goes.  The food is 39.95 a plate (per person) and this amount does not take into account drinks or tax.So this is one of those experiences that you really should try at least once.  The wait staff was very attentive and the atmosphere is dark, but nice.  It is inside the Mirage and there is a Casino and Nightclub right by, so if you are looking for a quiet place, you just might want to go elsewhere.  So when you get seated the waiter of course takes your drink orders and then describes how the process works.  For people who have no idea this is a necessary step.  So though I cannot explain the entire experience I will try to sum it up.  We ordered the All you can eat Rodizio Experience, and experience it is! The main course is meat, which is served on the skewer, and this is like no skewer you have ever seen!  The guy serving our group was almost the same size as the skewer..lol.  There is a huge variety of meat to choose from, they have the following (that I can remember):  sausage, turkey, pork, chicken, lamb, chicken with pineapple, top sirloin, rib eye, and flank steak.  I think I am missing something because honestly by the end of it all you are in a "meat coma" LoL.Rodizio is the ultimate all you can eat barbecue, offering unlimited portions of marinated meats and poultry. Rodizio is a uniquely Brazilian style of barbecue offering a wide variety of flavors. Each course is skewered and slowly roasted over coals in a special Brazilian rotisserie. These items are served in random order along with traditional side dishes of black beans and rice, sweet fried plantains, creamed spinach, farofa carrots, and a bottomless bowl of "Samba Salad" tossed tableside.They do have grilled veggies as well on the skewers, which are amazing as well.  The flavors are all very unique, and I am VERY glad we ate here.  The boys ate LOTS of meat, but I swear I don't think I even tried it all...it was just crazy amounts of food.  Come with an empty stomach and a full wallet : )  It is a truly unique experience that everyone should try at least once in your life!!
4	Had the all you can eat meat variety. All the meats were excellent & the chimi churi was to die for, but the chicken wrapped w/bacon was terrible, freezer burn! Unacceptable!
4	Every time I'm in Vegas I make a point to go here, I love the food, and the staff are always amazing. If your planning on drinking expect to spend at least $100 for 2. I have never had a bad meal here, even with large groups they manage to keep your plate full. I recommend the lamb, and you gotta try the plantains. Go hungry and sample everything.
5	I have stayed at the Mirage at least 20 times and I hadn't ever tried this place. Boy am I glad I gave it a shot this past trip!Brazilian food in general is almost always good, but I was actually blown away by how delicious all the different meats were here. For $40 you basically get all you can eat meats. Servers walk around with different meats and you get what you want. Everything was absolutely phenomenal. And the garlic bread, LORD HAVE MERCY! This will for sure be a MUST every time I stay at the Mirage from now on. God my mouth is watering just thinking about it.
1	What is this place??? So Im use to Brazilian restaurants and how things are runned... You have a buffet of veggies, salads, rice, beans, greens, and farina.. Then you go to your table.. they bring cheese bread and the meats come... one by one until your stuffed and happy... Samba was totally not this... We sit down and order the Rodizio.. There is 4 of us.. they bring a basket of breads... well.. it's a basket... I don't know about it really being bread... there was 3 cheese breads.. and 3 cracker type biscuits... UMMMMM there is 4 of us... did they bother to refill the basket??? no.. so sad.. but whatevers... the rice and beans come out... UMMM remember there is 4 of us??? it's a small soup bowl of rice and beans mixed... What if I just wanted rice? What if I just wanted beans? So stupid..  a plate of glazed carrots came to...and creamed spinach.. when was carrots and glazed spinach a brazilian dish? Now down to the meats... GROSS!!! first item up.. TERYIKI CHICKEN... wait... was I in a Brazilian Restaurant or a Japanese Restaurant??? it was tasteless and burnt... , lamb... super rare and no flavor, 3 different cuts of beef.. all DRIED and TASTELESS. The drinks were ok.. but the two we ordered were only half drunk... 4 guarnaras to wash down the dryness and our bill came to $215.00. Such a disappointment.. Oh no refills of water, rice and beans or offer for dessert. After watching LOVE and looking forward to dinner.. this was such a waste..I walked over to the Casino Royal and got a hot dog after.. much more flavor that this dried ass place!
3	I been to a few Brazilian restaurant and I thought this one was OK.  For the price I am not sure I would return.  I prefer my meat to be either rare or medium rare, a lot of the stuff were done and when I asked for it, they seem to "forgot" and took a while to finally to get one of my requests.  Still looking for chicken hearts!    LOL
2	I checked out this restaurant at the Mirage right before watching Beatles 'Love.' The restaurant has a nice ambiance and is conveniently located in the middle of the casino. I read all the reviews on Yelp before checking this place out and was expecting great things. The service was great with fast and friendly service. The food however, was disappointing. I got the all you can eat $40 deal. They served cheese rolls and crackers that were tough to eat and slightly stale. The vegetables tasted like bad cafeteria food, the rice and beans were bland, and the salad was soggy. Then came the meats which were poor cuts, barely seasoned and tough to eat. I tried all the meats and my favorite was the lamb, and even that wasn't great. I'm a huge fan of Brazilian BBQ but I was hugely disappointed with this one. For $40 all you can eat, you're much better off going to one of the casino buffets. The only benefit here was the short wait time.
3	Staying at the Mirage so I decided to give this place a try. Since I was going solo I decided to sit at the bar. The bartender was engaging even though he was busy, explained the menu and recommendation on drinks. I ordered the Rodizio, which is basically an all you can eat grilled meat selection with sides. It's apparently brought to you on a skewer and put on a platter (I was at the bar so I got a platter of meat). I order some ginormous drink called a Caipirinha (actually I had 2) and it kicked my butt pretty good. I went on to gamble away 50 bucks in the casino without hesitation and called it a night. Anyway, the food was good, got a bit loud because of a group of frat boys, good selection of meats from chicken to lamb to marinated steak and some sides of veges (creamed spinach, carrots, rice & beans). The bill was $80, but I did have a good amount to drink. Worth a try. -Dan O.
5	Ok, I was back in Vegas again last week for business.  Samba is always the first place I start craving to eat at whenever I'm in Vegas, so as usual, went there again on my first night in town.  Although the Rodizio (meat served continuously from servers carrying skewers of it around) is the most popular thing to order (and really very good in terms of variety, taste and portion)...but I always eat too much when I do the all-u-can eat thing.  So, I did my "plan b" for when I'm not totally ravenous...I ordered the Mahogany Glazed Salmon.  Their salmon is AWESOME, prepared in a different way than I've ever had Salmon anywhere else.  Not exactly sure what's in the Mahogany glaze, but it sure makes Salmon dee-licious!  It still comes with their amazing bread (I love the little cheese rolls with the dipping sauces they bring), their fresh-tossed salad which is great, and their rice/beans, creamed spinach, candied carrots & plantains.  I can't decide if I like their side dishes or their entrees better, I literally eat everything on my plate there.  Oh, and this last time, I bumped it up a notch and tried their key lime pie for dessert.  I grew up eating the key lime pie at Joe's Stonecrabs (in Miami Beach, and more recently Chicago and Vegas).  Joe's key lime pie is the "benchmark standard" of key lime pie.  However, I have to say, I think Samba's gives Joe's a run for their money, it was about the best pie I've ever tasted...definately will be having it again next time I'm in Vegas!  I'm almost afraid to post this review, and I hope all of y'all don't decide to go to Samba's and make it impossible for me to get a table!  And no, I'm not a shareholder in this restaurant, or in the Mirage, though I sure wish I was!  I'm just glad this restaurant is a 5 hour drive from where I live in San Diego, otherwise I would be so huge I'd have to ride around on a Rascal Scooter!
4	This was a wonderful experience.We had dinner reservations as part of a Dinner and a Show package with the Mirage Hotel and Casino. We got there and were seated right away. The waiter was attentive and informative. He explained how they will be bringing out the food and will continue to do so for as long as we want. They gave us a little piece of wood to turn over when we wanted them to stop. It was well organized and we ate way to much (in a good way).I would definitely recommend this place to anyone traveling to Vegas.
2	I've been to a few Brazilian Steak Houses in my day...and this was by far the worst. Sorry guys....I wasn't impressed.Other Brazilian steak houses have an AMAZING salad bar. This place doesn't even have one. You have the option of getting the all-you-can-eat meat or a regular meal (for about the same price). Get get the same sides no matter which one you choose (it's a lot of food). We didn't go with the all-you-can-eat surprisingly...because it didn't look that good from what we saw. And we didn't see much. Usually the "meat guys" are running around constantly with something new. I maybe saw 3 guys coming around the entire time we were there. I don't think you would get your money's worth. I decided to get a steak instead. It was not the best steak I've ever had. It was pretty fatty. The drinks are very good - I will give them that. Their service is also lacking. Our waitress was not very friendly or helpful, and she barely came to our table. We had to flag her down quite a few times.I wouldn't come back here again. There are plenty of other place to dine within the Mirage and Vegas.
3	Samba offers all you can eat meal for $39.95. The people'll walk around carrying bunch of meat like sausages, meat wrapped in bacon, different cuts of steaks like top sirloin, bottom sirloin, etc Top Sirloin, Filet Mignon, etc. I think there're about 10 meat choices that you can pick from. Sadly, nothing really stood out for me. The seasoning in the meat's just ok, it's not all that flavorful.There's also a salad bar that'll help to clean your palate a bit. It's not bad, I do like their bread a lot.Overall - The place's usually not all that packed, you'll get seated right away. The service's really good, extremely friendly & attentive. The food's ok, I would like the meat to have more & better seasoning. For all you can eat Brazilian BBQ in Vegas, I think $40 per person's quite acceptable.
4	Let me start by saying that this was our honeymoon dinner and that we had an amazing experience.Gluten-free: The fact that they had an actual gluten-free menu for my wife who has celiac disease gave it some serious bonus points right out the gate. The waitress, Sherrie couldn't have been more knowledgeable and supportive of our needs. Also, the waiters with their meat skewers knew whether or not my wife could have the selection or not, often offering it to me and apologizing to her that it wasn't gluten-free. The food was delicious! My favorites were the bacon-wrapped turkey and the sirloin. My wife loved the lamb and the chicken legs. In typical Vegas style, when I ordered the rum punch, it arrived in an over-sized glass made for two. At the end, they surprised us with an intensely delicious sorbet on the house because of our recent nuptials. A great end to a great meal.Approximately $120 for the two of us with a 20%+ tip, well worth it!!
3	Man, just when I thought I was going to overeat like I do at every Brazilian steakhouse, they kept bringing back the same types of meat. I think they had 4, maybe 5 types of meat, and just rotated it. The good thing was that my friends asked for more rare meat and they brought out new ones, but the variety was not wide enough for me. Everything I had was tasty, but I wanted more kinds.
2	Smab is located in the Mirage Hotel and is part of a chain, the nearest one to my house being at City Walk in HollyWood.  In the evening hours of New Years day, 6 of us decided to give it a try.  I went to this place on a recomendation from a neighbor, who dined at the HollyWood location.  When we arrived, I noticed the restaurant was about 30% full.  At the hostess stand to the left is a small circular bar.  It is set in the back and does not have a relaxing or friendly feeling to it.  Kinda of seculded and not inviting like a bar should be.  As I looked to the right, I saw a half circle  with a bar top facing me.  A cook was standing behind it and there was two grills behind him, where all of the bbq is cooked.  Above the grills were metal vented racks, where the large skewers of meat were resting/keeping warm.  This was the first sign that the meat could be dried out and have been sitting for awhile.Most of us at the table ordered the Rodizio, which is the all you can eat bbq that comes out on the large skewers.  This meal came with rice, beans, fried plantains and cooked carrots.  The beans and rice were not flavorfull, but cooked well.  The meat started coming out and we sampled all of them (chicken, turkey, ham, steaks and so on).  Most of the meats were dry and lacked that real flavor I have experienced at other topnotch brazilian bbq's.  All in all if this was in a pricey buffet I would say it was on par and pretty good.  But for $42,99 per person + drinks, I think not.  To the management, this kiinda of food cannot continue and you have got to see and tasted this stuff.  I mean skewers of meat sitting above a fire for hours tastes good?  NO.  I say you spend your money elsewhere.  I hope this helped potential diners.
4	Being from NY, I am used to seeing $90/head all you can eat rodizio so $40/ in Las Vegas is a bargain. The food at Samba was very good, but the meat choices were limited. Everything was cooked perfectly and came out hot and juicy. Would note that the flank steak and garlic chicken wings were my favorites. The sangria was excellent! Would recommend getting a pitcher, which will fill about 7 glasses, and get you pretty buzzed. My girlfriend and I were able to get a table at 7:30 with no problems and were served quickly. About halfway through the meal it did seem like there was a shortage of food, as no one came around for at least 15 minutes. The staff was very nice about it and came over and asked specifically what we wanted next.I would definitely come back to Samba, the price was right and the ambiance was different in a city that is all glitz and glam these days.
5	Omg the best I've ever had.
3	Similar to Texas de Brazil with their rotating selection of cut-right-from-the-stick-at-your-table meats.  It was good.  A bit overwhelming.  I think I ate way more than my body wanted me to.  I figure one Brazilian meat restaurant is just as good as another.  I wanted to try out Texas de, but now feel it's unnecessary to push my stomach to its absolute limits again.  Thanks for the experience, but no thanks.
4	Have been here a couple x's and have enjoyed the food. They take care of large parties well here and the location (Mirage) balances out the fact that perhaps the food is not quite as good as Texas de Brazil. Fun place to go with a large group.
1	In one word terrible. In summary no idea how they can call themselves a Brazilian steakhouse. Both meat service and waiter service almost non existent. My first clue should have been how empty it was for dinner. Meats were fatty and chewy. They seemed offended if you asked for something out of their serving order. If you have ever been to Fogo or Texas de Brazil you will leave here disappointed.
3	All you can eat Brazilian barbecue.  The food is pretty good.  My only complaint is that there is not a huge selection so eating the same cut over and over becomes boring.
1	You will regret it!  This place should be ashamed of even pretending to be a Brazilian BBQ.  The food is horrendous and the service was rude.  One of ladies in our party ordered a steak medium and it was brought well done.  When she asked that it be taken back, the waitress was quite rude and returned about 30 minutes later with a rare steak.  When our friend once again brought the error to the waitresses attention, she said "The steak is done to whatever you want to say it is done to".   The maanegr eventually intervened and we had no waitress for the rest of the meal.The beans were horrible, the creamed spinach was like soup, and the plantains were cold.  Save your money!
1	If you haven't been to a Brazilian Steak House you would probably like this place because you have no idea what to expect. Now if you are reading this and thinking about going to Samba DON'T. This is by far the worst Brazilian Steak House I have EVER been. The meat selection is very poor, they don't have a salad bar and the price is 2 high for what you get. Instead of going to Samba try Texas de Brazil or Fogo de Chao. You will be a lot happier :)
3	Were staying at the Venetian and did not walk to drive anywhere so we found this place inside the hotel.Being that is was located inside the hotel means is it a little overpriced for what you get. They had great menu items and several unique options but like I said a little $$$.Also our waitress was not the friendliest girl around. She kept telling us about stuff and with the loud music playing it was hard to understand her. She had that look on her face like "Don't you know what that is?"The truth is NO we didn't know all the ins and outs about sushi.Bottom line is the experience could have been better. Good sushi but can be had for  much cheaper elsewhere. Especially since we spent over $250 for 4 people!!!Food Quality - 4Service - 3Price - 2Happy Eating
1	My husband and I have been coming here for years. Everytime we go on vacation to Las Vegas we always make a point to eat here. Recently we went here and will never be going back. The waitress and the female manager were extremely rude, and I found lipstick on my water glass after I had been drinking on it. I do not wear lipstick! Needless to say this made me sick to my stomach. I ask to speak with the manager and when she came over she tried to argue with me that the glass had gone through a dishwasher so it should be fine. Disgusting! This place went from awesome to awful. Not to mention the meat sampler that they are known four has gone downhill. My husband was extremely disappointed with the quality of the meat and the way it was cooked. Normally when we leave there he is raving about the meat... I do not recommend anyone wasting your money on this place.
4	Great place if you have a really huge appetite. Our group had reservations for Saturday night. We were seated immediately. Wait Service was very good. Our server was attentive and personable. We all chose the Rodizio experience which offers an unlimited tasting of the different meats. It was only a few dollars more than the ala carte meat dishes on the menu. A pitcher of Sangria and Brazilian Punch was ordered as well.  We were all satisfied with the food as it was tasty and immediately served. Our requests for certain meats were immediately served to us, no waiting. Overall, we had a great time and enjoyed our dining experience. Be forewarned as you should have a huge appetite to really enjoy what this restaurant has to offer.
4	We arrived with about 20 minutes to spend eating on dinner before our concert started, they sat us quickly and started to shove all the beautiful meat at us. It was great! Staff was friendly and accomodating, would definitely go back for more!
3	Not my first time at a Brazilian Steakhouse and certainly not my best experience at one. I guess it's what to expect at a casino full of half drunk gamblers...Some of the meats were really not up to standards but I really enjoyed the lamb and some other meat I cannot recall.The dip and chips was not to my taste.
1	Samba@ The Mirage.... I took my girlfriend for a Birthday dinner and show (Love-the Cirque/Beatles show-A++++) and decided to drop the 100+ bucks for the Rodizio experience.  All started well, as our reservations for Friday night were accepted quickly, and we were seated immediately. We have MANY experiences with this specific type of dining experience in the Dallas Metroplex, so were rightly excited, wrongly...We were asked by the reservation operator if we were celebrating anything special, and we told her it was a birthday celebration.  The little hostess girl told us "Happy Birthday," and that's where the "Special occasion" ended. No other mention was made, or special attention given.  We weren't looking for the Olive Garden Staff to come sing for her, but why bother asking if nothing special is in the offing?The waiter was pleasant, if not a bit dismissive for someone in a Las Vegas Service position.  Our Teas and waters were quickly produced, and the bread and condiment sauces were fantastic.  This is where it all goes down hill.  While waiting for our salads and sides, we decided the main course was why we were there, and we flipped our idol over to "green/serve."  The server came by with the first skewer, and we were served a wonderfully cooked Lamb, along with bacon wrapped Turkey, Chicken, and a sirloin which were also good.  Our waiter followed with the sides and salad.  The salad was outstanding, though I'd prefer to choose for MYSELF the QUANTITY of the salad on my plate.  The sides were standard fare: Rice, beans, plantains, carrots, and "creamed spinach."  We never did more than dip a fork tine in the pesto on top of the rice/bean bowl, so the review on that would be unfair; however, the remaining sides need a few words spoken to their quality.The plantains and carrots were nothing more than desert versions of their former selves-FAR too much syrup, and cooked beyond their terms.  The "Creamed Spinach" was a POOR attempt at a VERY BLAND and soupy spinach DIP.  I RARELY season full service restaurant food, and I NEVER season $50 a plate food; yet, I very quickly located the S&P shakers, and put them to use.As I was working through the encroaching salad, I noticed my girlfriend had finished her tea, and was casting about for SOMEONE to notice.  Bear in mind, our idol was still on GREEN, so there should at VERY LEAST have been a server near us or on the way.  She finally had to ask our waiter for a refill. A couple had been seated next to us during the sides service, and they began to get their meat deliveries.  After their first round, we noted the server bypassed us, and my girlfriend's plate was now empty.  After we had been passed over for the people on our left and right for THREE SKEWERS, we actually had to stop one of the other servers to bring the pineapple over.  I was LIVID at this point-- the 3 tables that comprised our little atol could be connected by one person lying across all three, so it's not as if we weren't noticeable!  I folded my napkin across my plate, and put my flatware on top, and began discussing the level of tip versus LACK of tip to leave, and whether to talk to management NOW or after the fast approaching show.  We opted for a very lucky 10-percent on a $100 tab, and a talk with the manager. The manager was very nice, and understanding, and blamed the volume, but had no explanation for the obvious ignoring of our table, and credited HER meal--AFTER running the ENTIRE TICKET, so we wound up with TWO CHARGES: ONE for the entire $100 and change, and ANOTHER for $52! As everyone should know, charges are instant; CREDITS take 3-5 BUSINESS DAYS, and this was Friday night....IN VEGAS!  Long story short: Save your gambling for the casino floor, and bypass this poorly executed theme restaurant.
5	Love this place!  Been there 3 times. Food is uniquely prepared, Brazilian seasonings & flare.  Menu is great. Grilled Salmon, & filet (sliced like butter) entrees were excellent !  Sides are awesome. Loved the plantains, creamed spinach, the chimichurri & rolls were great. Wine list is extensive. Speciality drinks were wonderful. A few in the group went with the Rodizio Experience. Which was "all you can eat" - variety of meats/poultry served  table side by staff plus sides. Not one complaint. No one left hungry!   One time we went & just ordered appetizers (unique) and drinks. Great time. Considering Samba is located in a very busy part of the casino, it was surprisingly quiet yet great energy. Great, attentive staff. $$$. Worth it.
1	If you are a fan of Brasilian Barbecue avoid this place like the plague.  Service was ok, but the food was horrendous.  Meat choices were very limited (sirloin, pork (very dry), sausage (overcooked and tasteless), chicken (tasteless marinade) and turkey.  Side dishes were laughable at best (boiled carrots).And if you are visiting with friends who like meat - and you like just a good salad, forget it.  Most Brasilian BBQ places have outstanding salad bars for those who are hot carnivores, but this place had a limp "fresh green" salad with out of the bottle dressing.Impressed?  Not so much.  Never again.
5	I'm not a big fan of Brazilian BBQ but my husband is.  Meat is usually dry and salty. At Samba, it was somewhat better than I expected. Only a few food selection were good, others were so-so.  Funny thing was, the stuff that keeps coming over to our table are things I don't eat. Food selection was limited after realizing the repeats. I did request certain meat to come or not come and they were nice enough to cater to my requests. It is however, a fun environment and not meant to be romantic at all. You're meshed in with the casino people and for the price that you pay, you would expect some privacy or a better dining environment. I would prefer a nice steakhouse over this place. Sorry.
1	The food here is horrible and the service is horrible.  Don't waste your money!!!!! You will be disappointed. I love Brazilian anything and never had a bad thing to say until now.  This place is disgusting and the food was nasty.  I been to tons of brazilian restaurants and this is nothing like any of them. No cheese bread either.
4	I was a little nervous after reading some poor reviews but this place is great! The staff is very nice and attentive and the food was delicious. My favorites were the sausage, chicken, and flank steak. It's such a fun experience and definitely worth a try!
4	Samba Brazilian Steakhouse, located inside The Mirage Hotel & Casino, is a small, but nice restaurant with a trendy decor. My wife and I visited during our stay at The Mirage Hotel and Casino and enjoyed their special "all-you-can-eat" barbecue dinner on New Year's Eve.As the meal was a set menu experience, I cannot touch upon Samba's other dishes, however, the plethora of meat (lamb, pork, chicken, beef, shrimp) paraded about on skewers was absolutely delicious. The dining area was clean, neat, and afforded wonderful people watching as my wife and I ate.The only annoyance with our meal was that the wait staff was somewhat sluggish in attending to the table for non-meat-related things, such as refilling our water glasses or giving us the check. However, this is understandable due to the high number of customers (it was, after all, New Year's Eve).I would definitely try Samba again and it's definitely worth trying for those staying at The Mirage, spending any time in the casino, or attending shows.
1	This place is horrible!!! Can't believe how they are still open!! We went for RW, and what a waste of money and time!!! The only up side was the service, our waiter was very attentive ... But the food was terrible!!
3	I didn't do the Rodizio, just got a plate and appetizers, so this is not a full review. Though the sauce that came with the free pre-appetizers was very good, the chicken was OK, didn't do anything for me.
5	We happen to find this restaurant as we were going to a concert at the Mirage for Boyz II Men.  What a find!  The food was AMAZING!  The service was AMAZING!  Did I mention the food was AMAZING!? We didn't get a chance to do the "all the meat you can eat", due to our time constraint.  However I ordered the filet mignon ...OMGosh!  You could cut that baby with a butter knife. One of THE best I have had!  My son had the 16 ounce rib eye steak........Holy Huge!  The bread and dips before hand were incredible, the beans, the veggies.........WOW!  The salad you get before your meal........I could eat that every day!  And it was bottomless so if you wanted more, have more!My boyfriend had the seafood dish that was so incredibly flavorful it was like eating a bouquet of flowers.  It was our last meal in Vegas before we flew out and I am glad it was there!  I urge you to go there!  Price wise it wasn't outrageous, it was very comparable to the food we got and we got a lot of food for our dollars.  For the three meals it was under $100.00!!    For the all you can eat meat it was like $45.00 and they had such a lovely variety.......next time we go, we will go with time and an appetite and try that!
2	If you like Brazilian steakhouses, pass on this one. My bridesmaids and I went here on February 8th and were very underwhelmed by both the service and the food for the price.Maybe I'm spoiled, but my first Brazilian steakhouse restaurant experience years ago had a veritable parade of delicious meats, and the places I've been to since then, including Samba, have *not* lived up to that standard. I believe there were about 8 choices total. I understand that with certain commodities concerns right now that beef is pricey, but there were only two kinds of beef that came by, which was disappointing. I like pork and chicken just fine, but for $45 I want a better spread. And the pao de queijo might as well have just been pao de nada for all the flavor it had. I took one bite and set it aside, not worth the stomach space and calories.The frequency of the selections coming by was just fine, so I have no issue with that aspect of the service, but we were frequently annoyed by the waitstaff who kept trying to clear our table when we were clearly still trying to enjoy ourselves. We had flipped over the marker to signal we didn't need any more attendants coming by, which then started our server and some bussing staff coming by every few minutes to clear things from the table, including the sides and bread that we were still eating. Here's an idea: when a table still has half a pitcher of sangria left, maybe don't try to rush them out the door by clearing everything off the table like you're ready to boot them out the door even when the restaurant is half-empty. When our waiter brought by to-go cups it was just another sign of "you're not gone yet?" and we promptly took our drinks on the road.The biggest part of dining Brazilian is the experience, and it's always a long one at that. Meals take hours, and most of them are not spent eating but enjoying the ambiance and the company. I can see wanting us to move along if the restaurant was packed and people were waiting on the table, but to hover over us while we were trying to enjoy our drinks and conversation does not make for an inviting atmosphere. Makes me wish we had just gone to one of the buffets, where the selection would have been better and no one would be taking away the food before we were done with it.
2	Not a traditional Brazilian churascuria.  No salad bar at all.  They bring you a side salad instead.  If you are used to Fogo or Texas de Brazil, thus doesn't compare.   It is $45 for all you can eat meats, but again, no massive salad bar.  If you do t care about the salad bar, you will enjoy it.  Meats are good.  They even have roasted garlic bread on a skewer.  If you are looking for a traditional churascuria with a nice salad bar, I would skip it.   But if you are all about the meat you will like it.  Nice wines also.  Not cheap, but not outrageous either.   A bottle if Louis martini for $45.  All being said I would not return.
5	This has been my 4th time eating here and it never disappoints.  I have decided that if I ever get one last meal from a restaurant, it would have to be from Samba Grill.  I brought 4 other friends to Samba and they loved it too.  The food came fast and hot, and each dish had a different flavor and spice.  We didn't eat all day before coming to eat at 9:00PM and it was well worth the wait.  See you soon Samba!
2	We decided to give this a try before a show at the mirage.  We have been to several Texas de Brazil's and Fago's and like the style.    Samba has much fewer choices.   We were there about an hour and got to try 6 varieties of meats.    The server Tim was nice and informative about the  meats.   Our waiter has very hard to find.   It's very noisy your sitting in the middle of the casino and can hear drunks  and slot machines, bad atmosphere.   It's very over priced for the total package.   For the food quality atmosphere ext it should not be more than $30 per person.   Your better off going to the buffet than eating here.
1	All 4 of us were so disappointed in our meal.  We have eaten at Brazillian restaurants before so had good quality with which to compare Samba.  The service was poor--all they wanted to do was hurry us.  The food was overcooked and dry and it wasn't until we asked for the lamb and nicer cuts of meat that they were brought to our table.  The salad was the best part of the meal. We had the "all you can eat" for $45 each.  When they brought the bill, a cost for dessert was added.  The restaurant was open and VERY NOISY.  We would definitely never eat there again.  We should never have listened to the concierge at the Mirage who told us it was wonderful.  Buyer beware!
3	I ate there last night and was not really impressed at all.  For a Las Vegas Brazilian steak house, it was not great at all.  The meat is over cooked and they do not have as many selections as you would hope to have.  I give it a 3 stars only because of the location and because the food was not bad, just ok.
3	Brazilian Steakhouses are really cool if you're really hungry.  I didn't come for the all you can eat meatfeast.  In fact, I was surprise to see a menu, so since I wasn't too hungry, I thought this place would be perfect.  The meal was good, but the selection on the menu were very limited.  Too bad, since the meatfeast items looked really great.
3	RODIZIO MENUDuring the last three months I've been to Vegas three times. I've eaten at great restaurants (Bacchanal Buffet and Gordon Ramsey Steakhouses) and restaurants at a great deal (Le Village Buffet where I was able to redeem $25 and only pay $7 for the buffet). This third time around in Vegas I was expecting to eat well. However I've been disappointed with the restaurants with a lot of hype, Mesa Grill and Bellagio Buffet, that weren't that great. On my final night, which was last night, I ate here for dinner before the Cirque du Soleil Beatles' Love. Since the World Cup this year is in Brazil why not have my final dinner at a Brazilian steakhouse. I ordered the rodizio menu, which is all you can eat meat that is served in a spit rod. My rating is solely based on the rodizio menu. The first time I went to a Brazilian steakhouse and ordered the rodizio menu was at Pampas in Palo Alto. So I have some comparison to make. The highlights were the tender flank steak, moist lamb leg, and juicy sirloin. I also like the condiments of rice and beans and chimichurri sauce, which is a sauce originated in Argentina. The chimichurri sauce is great with the sirloin, flank steak, and lamb. The only dish I didn't like was the pork as I was it was dry and stringy. I won't say it as regret, but since I ate at the Bellagio Buffet the night before I didn't eat as much as I did at Samba. The value of ordering the rodizio menu is better than ordering just a steak as you get different varieties of meat. However the rodizio menu at Samba isn't up to par to Pampas in Palo Alto. That might not be fair to make a comparison however a trip to Vegas is already expensive enough. With the amount of money you're going to spend while at Vegas I think the comparison is fair. There were more steak varieties at Pampas while at Samba there were only two kinds - sirloin and flank. In addition the flank steak at Pampas just melts in your mouth. Also one exotic item that was served at Pampas chicken hearts was not available at Samba. Overall even though I gave the same rating Samba like I did for Mesa Grill and Bellagio Buffet, the rodizio menu at Samba was the best meal I had during this Vegas trip.
1	We had the all-you-can eat experience, and it was a complete waste of money.  At a steep $45 a person, DO NOT waste your money here!  We love Espetus in the Bay Area, and this was nothing like it.The only things we liked were:  1) Bacon Wrapped Turkey2) Sirloin And they honestly were not amazing... just better than the other options.The meal started out slow, where we had to wait about 20 minutes to get the starting salad (iceburg lettuce with some beets).  The sides were also subpar, just tiny bowls of plantains, beans, rice, and stir-fried green beans/carrots.What really annoyed me was that the first skewer of "meats" to come around were garlic bread and chicken legs.  Really?!  My husband was so hungry that he tried one of each, which I guess is Samba's strategy.  They were both kind of gross.The other meats were okay, but for the price I expected a lot better quality of meat.  Finally, the dessert comes, and I was hoping that it would save the meal.  But sadly they were literally little shot glasses of flavored pudding...  A big disappointment!So if you are dining at the Mirage, do not make the same mistake we did!  Eat at the Cravings buffet instead!
1	The food was decent, but the service was terrible. Went here for a friends birthday and the waitress was incredibly rude because we didn't all order the all you can eat option (we still all ordered food). One of my friends asked if she could get a side salad with her meal and the waitress rudely replied that they didn't have salad, even though people at other tables were eating salad! The waitress also stood about 10 feet from our table and stared at us with a rude expression while we ate.
4	good service, menu is kind of limited. but if you want beef, order the all you can eat meat.
2	This is my second time here and it's not as good as the first. Food flow was very slow and the taste was not authentic brazilian.Just to be fair it was a holiday weekend so this might be the reason. I ordered the Rodizio experience and was dissapointed at the service. The drinks were very strong. Too much for my liking.
5	Wonderful meal from start to finish. The salad was better than most entree salads, the side vegetables were delicious, the rice and beans were rich and satisfying, and that's before we even got to the main course. My husband got the all you can eat meat, which included his favorite, lamb, and they even brought him some mint jelly to go with it. I got the salmon which was peppery and perfectly cooked, atop some plantain puree that complimented it well.  The tiny dessert shooters were a perfect finish and offered richness and quality over quantity.
1	Visited Samba on my last trip to Vegas and it actually got me started on Yelp. I really wanted to share my experience, because I was somewhat disappointed. Samba is a nice place to go, but in my opinion, simply not worth the price of admission. My wife and I ordered the all you can eat. The food is okay, but after a while everything seems to taste the same.. when the chicken tasted like the sausage and the sausage tasted like the chicken it just seemed weird, but when the bacon wrapped turkey tasted nothing like bacon I knew I was not a fan of all of the meats. The dinner comes with bread which had great dipping sauces, but the side dishes were not that great. regular white rice and beans, veggies, and plantanes (which for some reason tasted like they were cherry glazed)... then the waiters keep coming to your table and bringing meat after meat... and then stop. There is no continued service, the waiter actually comes to your table and asks... "So there is something else you'd like.. some meat I can bring"... then you tell him which one you'd like... instead of the guys continuing to come. I thought that was kind of weird, I've been to two of these places before. The greenfield in West Covina CA, and another one in Cancun Mexico which was part of an all inclusive resort... and both were way better than this place. I would have liked to have a salad bar or something to mix in with the meats... its kind of forced having to ask for more veggies... and the part where they stopped bringing meats was a little strange. If I pay for an all you can eat, and you made a little speech about keep this on green and we will continue to bring meat after meat... but then you stop even if its on green... just seems weird. The meat all tasted similar except for the sirloin, which was very tasty... then came the dessert. My wife ordered two ice cream shots and I ordered one, when the waiter brought them he brought them on a tray, and asked which we would like... we did not see they were 2.99 each... until the bill came. Very pricy for half filled shot glasses with ice cream.Total was about 120. Two dinners, one soda, 3 ice cream shots.The meat was not great, not plentyfil, and took a while to arrive.The sides were very plain...Seems like there are sooooo many other options on how to spend 120 bucks in Vegas on dinner. We were looking for a nice experience, but feel like this was the low point of our whole weekend. Simply not worth it.
2	Don't do it.Went here because I wanted all you can eat Brazilian BBQ before going to see a show here.All the appetizers and side dishes have NO flavor except the plantains. They're ok but nothing worth visiting for.The meat was all dry & flavorless as well. Their only slightly good meat was their signature sirloin & apparently that's the only meat they flavor. I'm a meat eater, I'm not an amateur at these places, & let me tell you, this place isn't worth it.Only reason why it's not getting one star is because the service was good. Can't knock the hard working hostess & waiters just cause the food is lacking.
5	Every trip to Vegas means a visit to Samba for dinner!  And every time I dine at Samba, I must get the Rodizio all you can eat dinner!  Start with a delicious salad and then enjoy a smattering of appetizers and sides.  Then, the meal really starts!  Place your table marker with the green side up and soon staff will bring long skewers of meat to your table, ready to carve a fresh slice onto your plate!  Of all of the selections, the lamb was my favorite, followed closely by the flank steak and the linguica sausage!  But, best of all, the best sweet fried plantains that I have ever had!  I dream of these plantains!  There is just something about these for me.  Yes, this is not cheap, but if I am going to splurge on myself in Vegas, this is where I am going to go!
3	I think the only meat that was worth trying was the honey glazed chicken.. The pork was really dry... And the steak was just ok.. The salad was really good though, that was the only thing other than the chicken that impress me.. Service was pretty good just the lady server though.. Food was a 2 stars and one extra star for the lady servers.
2	Mlife Black gave us a free room at The Mirage and a free meal here.  So who are we to turn down some free food?  Mr. W. and I just so happened to take my parents to Vegas for them to be tourists like good children one weekend and this offer pretty much just fell into our laps.  So let's eat some meat!!!After having the best Brazilian BBQ in Vegas, I was hoping for a similar experience.  "Disappointment" seemed to be on the menu.  While the hostesses were rude and the waitress was no where to be seen majority of the time, the lovely servers with their sticks of grilled meats were always out and about between tables.  They kindly gave us these red-and-green colored things to let them know when they can bother us with more meat and when to give us a break.  They seemed pretty oblivious to this though and just kept wandering by.  I really don't mind since they're really just showing off all they had to offer and there was a pretty good variety but everything was so ridiculously dry.  Bite after bite of beyond-well-done meats were piled onto our plates and something within the first ten bites made my stomach churn.  "Where's the bathroom?" I had asked politely to a snooty waitress.  "We have none here.  You have to go to the casino floor."  How friggin convenient.  Why WOULD a restaurant need a bathroom after all?  It's either that or that female dog lied.  That... female dog...!None of us were impressed and I'm glad the meal was free because I wouldn't pay to dine here.  It's such a pity because the ambiance is actually quite nice and it's right across from the Revolution Lounge and next to the elevators.  Oh well.
3	First night in Vegas, and my 3 friends took me here for dinner. We chose the All You Can Eat ($40) of course and ordered 4 Caipirinhas to start off with. Two of my friends also ordered the Glenfiddich neat to go with their meals. Not sure if it was because we had been drinking, but the meats here lacked flavor/seasoning compared to other Brazilian Steakhouses I've been to. Also, it seemed like there was not as big of a selection of meats coming around the tables. I think we got double of a few of the meats because we thought that was all they had to offer. I was super disappointed with the Grilled Pineapple though!! Normally that one is my favorite, but this one was NOT SWEET and it tasted like it was rolled around in a tub of cinnamon! Yuck. I probably would not have come back here only because it was just mediocre. The one thing that IS worth coming back for if anything, would be the excellent service we received. Other than that, the food is just okay.
4	Went here on a whim, and my girlfriend and I were a little tipsy when we went.  We went right when they opened, and I can't believe I ever overlooked this place before.  It's so incredibly awesome!  The price is not bad, and the food is very good!That said we didn't do the BBQ, so I can't comment on how the unlimited meat tastes or the quality.
1	Wow, just wow. I had the Rodizio All-You-Can-Eat Experience and I can say that my dining experience was ruined. First off, most of the meats were bland and dry. Now I  finally understand why Gordon Ramsay would take a bite out of a terrible meal and not really eat anymore after that.  He was not being a jerk like some people make him out to be. I too, would be upset if I was fed an injustice done to food. I would rather starve instead of continuing eating terrible food. I just lost my appetite. It was like a punch to the face and I dislocated my jaw. I couldn't stand chewing through their meats. All the meats were basically bunched up in the same spot and seems as if it was cooked on a timer. No attention or care for the meats at all. It does not make sense to me that different meats would be cooked in the same way.I would say the service is between terrible to mediocre. What confused me during my dining experience though is that one of the servers denied my group a slice of meat because it seems that these servers are assigned tables and that table only. I just wanted my meat! Not only that, but the wait between getting the meats were long. If the meat were decent enough, then I would be staring at an empty plate most of the time. Of course, this wasn't the case since I just couldn't stomach most of the meats after a bite so I just left it to sit on my plate. I feel bad for wasting meat, but it was just that bad.I had mostly the flank steak and there was no consistency. The first few cuts were medium rare and then towards the end it was extremely rare. The only consistency though was the dryness of the meat. It was so dry that there were no signs of blood anywhere even though the piece was extremely rare. What kind of technique would you have to use to be able to obtain this result? I also had the pineapple, which I was hoping to be a saving grace to add some flavor to the meats, but it was too sweet for my palate and the charred parts tasted like burned marshmallows.In terms of the Bazilian experience, it was so so. They start you off with pao de quijo and chips. The pao de quijo was absolutely wrong. it was more like a piece of bread if anything. Next was the rice, beans, and sweet plantain, then the salad. I didn't really go for the appetizers since I wanted the meat experience, but my companion did say he enjoyed the beans.Overall, I spent almost $60 for the meal, tax, and tip (even with a discount!) and I felt I did not get the experience that I paid for. I do not recommend Samba at all, especially if you are a meat eater. I would not even come back even if they managed to improve on the food and service.
3	For an an unusual experience during Restaurant Week, I, my wife, and two friends ventured out to the Mirage for a Brazilian rodizio churrasco dinner at Samba.  I walked inside the restaurant with an open mind, not knowing whether or not this would be a memorable meal.The beginning was auspicious.  We were seated in a beautiful reserved booth with a view of the entire dining room and part of the outlying casino floor that the hostess called "the best seats" in the place.  Soon afterward, our server introduced himself and described the churrasco experience and "green light, red light" system by which to indicate if more cuts of  various meats were desired to be brought to the table, or to be held in abeyance for a time.  We then each informed our server that we were all interested in ordering the special Restaurant Week rodizio offering, and the presentations began.Samba Salad was a very tasty complex salad including Garbanzo Beans, Beets, Hearts of Palm, Kalamata Olives, tomatoes, Feta Cheese, and of course field greens.  After being asked to indicate how much salad we wanted ladled on our plates, our wishes were honored to the letter.  But the rolls and other bread products set on the table were bland and not very flavorful.Then we were brought side dishes of hard vegetables like Brussels Sprouts & Carrots,  good Black Beans, and very good sweet Plantains, along with some Pico de Gallo and a kicky sauce of minced garlic in an oily foundation for spicing up the meats to come.  In fact, because various cuts of beef were mostly bland, the garlic sauce did improve the taste of these entrees.  In no particular order, we were brought two types of Top Sirloin and Flank Steak, Garlic Toast, Chicken Legs, Roasted Pork & Pineapple, slices of lamb, sausage & Sweet Peppers, and well-received hunks of Brushed Turkey Breast Roulade wrapped in tangy bacon, which was Diane's and my personal favorite.         Included dessert consisted of a selection of small but rich and interesting parfaits, including Mocha Cinnamon with Chocolate Mousse.  After I often forgot to put on the brakes with a red light, the skewered meats kept coming, and we hardly needed these refreshing meal enders.  This restaurant without walls reflected a very nice colorful South American ambiance, with very comfortable seating.  And service was very good: both proactive in refilling water glasses, and responsive to diners' requests for more specific food items.      3-1/2 stars overall, largely because most cuts of meat were bland.
3	Went here for Restaurant Week 2014, this was our first stop. I have been to several Brazilian churrascaria/rodizo places and figured I should try this one. I don't care for on the strip locations but we wanted to go out and this was for a good cause. Now everyone who knows me knows I CANNOT eat a single meal without meat, steak is definitely my thing. We made a reservation through OpenTable and were seated promptly when we arrived. Our server was very nice but did not explain the rodizio process(good thing we've done this a time or two) Overall dinner was pretty good, my mom had a harder time as she only like well-done(and I mean like leather purse done) but all in all we may return.
4	My expectations were lowered after reading the reviews and after coming here, why was the experience so different?  It could be that everyone's expectations are super high being on a strip restaurant with so much competition?First of the all, the service was excellent, water and ice tea consistently filled, food came in an orderly fashion and promptly.  My waiter, Juan explained the dishes in menu and was very helpful.After looking the menu, I didn't choose the Rodizio buffet, after a closer look reveals to be the source of the bad reviews.  Instead, I opted for the Brazilian version of seafood stew, the Moqueca ($36).I was extremely surprised the amount of high quality seafood that comes with this dish.  You get generous portions of Chilean Sea Bass filet, large 16/20 shrimp, along with clams, mussels, snow crab legs, and scallops.  The coconut broth is very tasty which absorbs all of the seafood flavor.  This stew also includes tomatoes and kale.  The seafood was cooked right.Another surprise is that the dish comes with a freshly made salad, black beans and rice, veggies and plantain sides!I have a huge appetite and I could not finish everything.  I highly recommend that you order this dish, it's more than enough food for a very reasonable price.  I'm going to try the steak dishes next.
1	Comparing this spot with the likes of fogo or Texas de makes it a hard pass the ambiance is very odd your on the casino floor surrounded by slot machines and smokers. The food is just plain not good most every thing I tried was over cooked and bland those that know me know it takes a lot to make me walkout and this spot achieved a walk out quick I only give it one star for convenience. Spend your hard earned money at one of the MANY great restaurants within walking distance #fail
1	Don't waste your money...you could probably take your money to Texas for better quality and better tasting steak.  We went towards the end of the shift and I don't know if that's it but the food was dry, the only thing we enjoyed was the bread .  One thing is for sure we'll most likely never eat there again.  We ended up mastros for desert since everything about this place was a flop BTW this place doesn't even deserve one star!
4	They don't have cheese balls. All the brazilian places i've been to, the cheeseballs are a mainstay.And check your "my Vegas slots" app if you play, they've got a buy one get one free that i didn't see until the day after, would've saved me $45.
1	We very excited to eat here on Xmas Eve.  We've eaten at other Brazilian Steak restaurants and loved them, but this one is HORRIBLE! The meat was over cooked and tough as shoe leather, not just the beef, but the Pork and chicken also.  And we weren't the only table complaining.  The restaurant manager apologized and "comp'd" our  2 glasses of wine....that's right, we not only left the table hungry, but also had to pay of $100.00 for 2 people for food we could not eat. Diner beware.
4	I had a wonderful experience here. The wait staff was attentive and nice. The food was delicious!  It is a bit on the pricey side but if you get the Rodizio and can eat a decent amount it's worth it. They brought around various meats cooked different ways. Everything was cooked well and full of flavor. I am a picky eater so I didn't enjoy the salad that came with the meal very much . The fried plantains looked good but my bf said they were incredibly sweet. (I have a mild allergy to bananas so I couldn't try them) The bread and dipping sauces were very flavorful though. I would eat here again for certain.
3	Used a BOGO offer from myVegas and was okay with the experience. Came here with my favorite friend on an empty stomach, ready to chow down. To be fair, I think it is a decent establishment, situated next to the Cravings. Between the Cravings and Samba, I would rate them the same - as it is primarily your choice of foods and how tired you are (if you want to be served or not), since quality of food seems to be similar as well.I've had farmer's market Brazilian grill at WeHo and enjoyed it a lot more - as the price was decent and the meat was juicer. Samba had great service, and great ambience/decor, however I felt that the selection of foods on the AYCE menu was a bit disappointing - maybe I was expecting more varieties and juicier meats. Some of the varieties that I enjoyed: the top sirloin (very juicy and tasty), the bacon wrapped turkey, and lamb. The chicken was  hard to chew since it was over-grilled, with lots of charcoal around the edges - so did not like the two chicken varieties. The sides that we enjoyed - the bean and rice (they also had pesto sauce in it, which was really nice), the salad (loved the olives and the baby palm tree hearts - pretty exotic?), and the grilled vegetables with brussels sprouts. The fried plantain (bananas) were a bit hard, and tasted sour. even though we used a BOGO offer, it still came out around $70 for some reason - so I think there was a bit miscellaneous charges that put me off. Overall, I think it was a good, one time experience.
