4	The map looks a little different then the actual location, essentially it is right off Bell in the corner of the shopping plaza by the mattress place. i know a few regulars and they absolutely love it. i have been there several times myself and the bagels are fresh and made every morning. the staff is very friendly and will run all kinds of customizations for you. the prices are very reasonable and they are a breakfast and lunch place only; and on the weekends there can be a descent size line for the 10 o'clock bagel rush.
3	Tucked into corner near Subway & dry cleaners.  Chain bagel place (other location is in Surprise).  Bagels are fresh, great texture, and flavorful, but often the breakfast bagel sandwiches give me unacceptable problems (very runny, uncooked eggs for example).  Seating is a nightmare here, and the place ought to be pretty much takeout only.  Parking is atrocious during the morning rush due to the dry cleaner two doors down.
5	Okay, I think I may be addicted to this place.  It worries me how often I go here for lunch between classes.But you know what, I've had the best damn turkey reuben I've ever had here.  I have a problem.  As much as I want to try other things, I just...keep...ordering....it!That's kind of a lie.  Their breakfast sandwiches are excellent.  As is their philly cheese steak sandwich.  All in all, the prices cannot be beat, the service is friendly and lightening fast, and it's a great alternative to the terrible food at the MWU cafeteria.
3	I really wanted to get a bagel here.  I was starved and the blueberry bagels sounded great.  Unfortunately, the jalapeno bagels were laying on top of the blueberry ones and I really didn't want my blueberries to be spicy and taste like a mexican oompa-loompa ... so I went with the gyro.  It was really good.  Not the most amazing gyro I've ever had (that belongs to It's Greek To Me) but it was one of the better gyros in Phoenix.  I probably would have given this place 4 stars but having your bagels all mushed together is not a way to get me to come back.
5	I really like their breakfasts here! It's down the street from my university, yet I didn't find out about this place until recently. My friend asked if I wanted "hot bagels" and my response was that I love hot bagels more than cold ones. Little did I know that this little joint that seats only about 15 people inside and maybe 5 more outside got such great business and had such yummy food!I've been here about 4 times now, and I usually get the breakfast sandwich special that comes with a bagel sandwich (my choice of bagel, cheese, egg, and meat) along with a drink (fountain, coffee, or OJ) for only $3! It's a great deal for when I want to eat on a budget. I've had a blueberry bagel w blueberry cream cheese, wheat bagel and onion bagel sandwiches. They also serve boar's head deli meat. Yummy! =)
4	Good Bagels... Good Coffee... Friendly Service...I gotta remember this place is here more often.... just a mile from my house and easy to get to.
4	Hot bagels is a quick easy stop on my way to work.  I always get the breakfast sandwich double toasted and have never been disappointed.
5	I love this place!  I am married to an East Coaster- and he LOVES this place. ( You know how the NJ & NY natives are always ALL about the pies & the bagels!) The bagels are always fantastic with many variations- and the place does a steady stream of business starting at 6am.  If you are a salt bagel junkie- make sure you get there before 9am on Sunday- those seem to always be the first gone.
5	just like the other location i have been to, it is great.. very consistant with the quality and service.  ham bacon egg and cheese on a toasted egg bagel FTW
5	Incredible breakfast sandwiches, decent prices.Not a very big place but I never want to sit down anyway, it's a great place to stop before work, or in the morning after a binger.  They use boar's head meat and have tons of selections. Everyone that has helped me has always been really nice. I'm pretty upset that I moved away from this place but just typing it makes me crave a ham egg and cheese bagel. YUM!
5	I've always passed this place for a couple years, and always told myself to give it a try sometime. So couple years later I finally tried it, and boy did I wish I tried this place earlier. I have become addicted to this place. I got atleast twice a week before I head off to school. Taylor Ham, egg and cheese on asiago cheese bagel that all I get and its perfect. Bagels have ton of flavor and terrific texture. Staff is very friendly.
5	You know that old saying that the way to a man's heart is through his stomach? Well, what the originator of that quote was really trying to say is that the way to a man's heart is through Hot Bagels. I've been going to this place for years; therefore, I always took the fantastic assortment of bagels, cream cheeses as well as the extremely low prices for granted. I knew Hot Bagels was the best place to get a fast and cheap breakfast, and I wanted to spread the word. So I offered to bring my romantic companion breakfast one morning; his honed taste buds reawakened me to the rare deliciousness that is Hot Bagels. On a side note, I'm pretty sure the bacon, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich sealed the deal. If you are planning on winning over a romantic companion with food, use Hot Bagels. Might I suggest: lox spread on a sesame seed bagel, salmon on a salt bagel, or the breakfast sandwich on an everything bagel. Your love-life will flourish, guaranteed!
4	Just moved to Phoenix from Brooklyn, NY & was pleasantly surprised by the bagels at Hot Bagels. I wouldn't say they're 'the best' I've ever had, but definitely sufficiently scratch my ny bagel itch. Downside: the coffee isn't that great.
5	Hot Bagels, always my go to for a lox craving.  Generous portions of salmon, cream cheese, onions, and salty capers that burst in your mouth on your choice of bagel.
5	This place has the best deals on delicious bagel sandwiches. The service is always friendly and there is great variety. Yummy coffee too!
5	Yummy food great prices!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Wish the location was bigger so could go as a group. Limited seating but fast service.
5	Most amazing bagels.. n they always put a TON of cream cheese.. which is awesome because most places are cheap and give you one thin spread. Def recommend!!
4	Very Good! Bagels are fresh and tasty! Very fast service!
4	I am a sucker for good bagels. Maybe that it because I am from New York and its in my blood??? I used to live in some apartments close to here and since I moved away I have been craving it ever since. These bagels are different and probably because they are run by a European family. They have a pretty good special on their breakfast sandwiches during the week if you get a chance to stop by. On the weekends they get very busy and may run out of your bagel of choice so try to get their early!
2	Poor customer service. Excellent bagels. A restaurant shouldn't solely be reviewed on the food they serve alone. That is why I gave Hot Bagels on 59th Ave 2 stars. Although the bagels are amazing, the customer service is very poor. Next time I will send in someone else to purchase a bagel for me.
5	Great place, have been going there for about 6 years. Service is always great. Even when they are busy, the line moves quickly. Prices are very good. Have never had any issues with the food.
5	First of all, if you think a bagel is a piece of bread with a hole in the middle, like grocery stores or chain bagel shops here in AZ sell, then you may not like this place. BUT, if you've ever had a bagel from NY or NJ and wonder why they are almost non-existent anywhere else, this is the place for you. I grew up in Fair Lawn NJ, home of the best bagels on earth. I'm not sure if I would be able to tell the difference between a bagel from this place and one from back home if I was given the blindfold test. And the best thing about it? THEY HAVE TAYLOR HAM!!!! You can get a Taylor ham, egg and cheese on a bagel for breakfast!PS Real bagels are supposed to give your jaws a workout.
5	When a Jewish immigrant from Eastern Europe recommends a bagel joint you have to listen!!Great bagels...great sandwiches using Old Boars Head products!!  Best of all these people are nice and LOVE their customers....I have never felt anything but appreciation from these fine fine folks.
5	Best bagels I've ever had!
5	I love this place.  This is the closest thing to an East coast bagel that I have found in Phoenix.  The breakfast special is awesome and the eggs are cooked on a grill and not in a microwave like some of the other bagel shops I have been to.  They get really busy on the weekends and sometimes it is hard to find a place to sit.  Good thing I live close and they are just as good to go :)
3	It was so so.  I actually prefer Einstein Brothers Bagels.
5	Amazing joint! Love the atmosphere.. The dude at the counters kinda rude but, the food makes up for it! mmmmm!
5	Still my favorite place for breakfast. Married to a Joisey boy, and he loves it, every time I am there I hea dat accent all ova da joint.
5	Best bagels in az
5	Great good. Fresh bagels, fresh bread, they put lots of meat on the sandwiches. And you can't beat the prices. Very affordable.
4	My go-to breakfast spot is on my way to work, but location is not the only plus with Hot Bagels. Yes, the bagels are hot and fresh as you'd expect.  But they're also frickin' huge.  Hold one next to any other bagel and you'll see the difference.  Although my wife claims the bagels are too salty, I have always been pleased.  And the family frequently gets a dozen on the weekend. Sweet Kona Blend coffee seals the deal, indeed this place is HOT!
4	Finally, a hot bagels by us up here on happy valley. Tasty tasty indeed!
5	Sill the best breakfast bagel sandwich
4	This was a great place to stop and grab some brunch after a morning hike! I got the lox and cream cheese bagel. It was very yummy. The place is small but the bagels are delicious! The staff was very friendly and fast!
5	Amazing bagels, especially the Asiago and Egg bagel! You have to get there early or they will be out! Love their bagel sandwiches too! Btw people, if you think they are being rude please don't ever go to Philly or New York. You will never survive. Its a different culture over there and that's why the people at Hot Bagels come across as rude when they really aren't. Not much else to say but go in and try a bagel!
2	I gave this place two tries just in case the firstimpression was skewed since I came late in the day.This is one of 3 locations of a local chain called Hot Bagels and Deli. It's in the mall with the huge Home Depot and cheap construction consultants for hire in the parking lot. The parking right in front of this place is a bit crowded and crazy during lunch time - what with it also being home to Subway, Panda Express, and Senor Taco as well. Lady who took my order had a slight Central European accent. I had a bagel and acoffee. The coffee you just get from a coffee machine - no different from what they have at your local Circle K.Both times the bagels were just ok. This last time my bagel was a little doughy and a bit too salty. Oh well, I guess I'll stick to Einstein Bros.
1	I ordered the lox and onion on wheat bagel, and instead got cooked salmon and onions on hard cardboard that's suppose to resemble a wheat bagel. Who heats up a bagel with lox on it???????? I understand if you toast up my bagel, but it certainly defeats the purpose of ordering lox if you're going to cook my fish. Not only was the food unappetizing, but what happened while I was waiting for my bagel made me want to walk out of the store and never come back. Maybe I should have to save my taste buds from such unpleasantry. As I was watching a worker butcher my food, another was sweeping and gathering all the crap on the floor, while a rack full of bagels that are meant to be sold to customers were a mere few feet away! At one point, all the dust, crumbs, garbage, bacteria, and who knows what else was on that floor were mere inches away from the bagel! If only a health inspector was there to witness such atrocities! I was seriously cringing inside thinking of all the bacterial spores and pathogens that were now airborne and adhering to the food. Does food poisoning and illnesses come to anyone's minds? This place is disgusting and needs to be paid a visit by the city's health inspector!
3	Hot Bagels. To a random passerby, it's like any bagel place really. To locals and Midwestern students, it's a holy temple. And to me, well it's a highly overrated bagel place. But hey, it's still delicious! Especially if you're in the mood for a bagel.But it's kinda pricey. I ultimately paid like $8 for a bagel with lox, cream cheese, and a bag of chips. Seriously?? I mean, yes, it was one of the best bagels I've ever had but I could've gone next door to Senor Taco and gotten a burrito for $3 less and have enough for a dry-cleaning job at the $2.25 cleaners adjacent!And that's what brings this place down. While bagels are delicious and it's hard to mess up bagels, it's still just a bagel. So if you're feeling like having a bagel, definitely check this place out. It's on par with or better than Einstein Bros. Just don't be overhyped by all the love the locals have for this place because in the end, you're just having a bagel. =)
5	This is my go to breakfast place in Glendale. It's super close to Midwestern University and on my way to work in the mornings. The bagels are big and fresh with plenty of cream cheese. I like to switch off getting the Everything Bagel with plain cream cheese and the Breakfast Bagel Sandwich with bacon, egg, and cheese. But the one thing I would recommend the most here is their Reuben Sandwich. I'm not a huge fan of deli meat sandwiches but this is one of the best sandwiches I've had in my life. Yes, life. Imagine pastrami, sauerkraut, provolone, and thousand island dressing on rye bread (also able to sub bagel). Mm mm good. For something lighter, try the pepper crack turkey sandwich. Solid. Both sandwiches are a good size.Service is adequate and fast. I usually get it to-go since there's not much seating inside. They also have pretty good coffee. I've been here at least ten times and I have never had a bad experience.
3	Bagels on display reminded me of my previous bagel stop, Noah's bagels =]I ordered a traditional garlic bagel with cream cheese for here. Paid more than I wanted to but I figured I could deal since this place seemed to be a local favorite. Sat down when the "heated" bagel was handed to me on a plastic plate. Tried to take my first bit but the bagel was MUCH bigger than i expected haha mainly because of how much cream cheese they spread over it. Which would be awesome if I loved cream cheese but I don't so more than half of it ended up in the trash. But the bagel itself was nice and toasty. I took each bite like it was my last and enjoyed it like no other. Usually don't get full off one bagel but these are pretty filling.overall, I was impressed but not amazed. Ive had worse and I've had better.
4	I went here cause they have some seriously amazing brownies. Like, I'll mug a senior citizen if I knew they were carrying one of the brownies from Hot Bagels....Anyway, I decided to go for their buffalo chicken sandwich on a plain bagel. Not too bad. I mean, it's kinda hard to mess up a deli sandwich, am I right?They have a lot of choices and the price is right too. $5.95 for a cold sandwich ($6.95 for a hot) which includes chips and a drink. Yeah, move over Subway...lolMy friend and I also tried their bagel dog...that's really yummy too. I'll be back to try other things along with buying out their supply of brownies. Oh, and the reason why I only gave 4/5 stars is because it was kinda loud in there and had to have the girl who was taking my order repeat herself at least 3 times. It's wasn't cause of loud music or anything, it's just cause there was a lot of people dining in and the seating area, although good enough, is still kinda on the small side. I think I may have seen a table or two outside too but they were empty as its was hotter than the surface of the sun outside...lol.
4	Been in here more times than I can count.  Likely have a stake at this point in one of the boilers...There is a rhythm to this place.  Like a hectic Starbucks (do these exist anymore?) or the DMV.  Bottom line is that It takes a few passes to get the swing of it.  Don't roll in all Einsteins-fresh and go "hey, what about my microwave heated egg patty?!?!?"Get to know this little gem and let them get to know you.  It's a dance people, it takes a few turns to get it.  After that, I believe you will experience a excellent value, consistency, and yes - friendly and helpful staff that I look forward to saying "good morning" too.  BTW - one of the few places that will keep me drinking hot coffee in the summer due to their Kona!
5	The bagels here are large and delicious.The service is super quick and awesome.Pricing is great too!
4	When I worked at Staples, this place made me want to come to work. I love their breakfast sandwiches so much! I usually get the egg, sausage, and cheese. Their coffee is also super good. Their lunch sandwich special is also amazing! They pack on the meat and cheese, so obviously I do not mind paying a little more to get this instead of Subway. For some reason, the bagels and cream cheese seem to lose their appeal. I do not think there is anything special about them by themselves. Also, it can often be difficult to find a seat inside, but it is fun to sit outside when the weather's nice! The staff is always super friendly and happy!
5	I always have loved this place!! Great bagels and great service. It's always busy for a reason :)
5	I will keep it simple and say these are the best Bagels in town, period. If you ever have an opportunity to go there for breakfast, my personal favorite is the poppy seed bagel with Taylor Ham, egg and cheese. But, there's a lot to choose from and the staff is very helpful and friendly.
3	Opinion.. finely dice your Jalepenos in your cream cheese, too big of slices and it wasnt spicy.
5	We LOVE hot bagel, the food is delicious. We will go on the weekend and get the bagel, egg, meat and cheese.  The bagels have a nice taste and are a change from the store bought type.
5	Bacon, egg, and cheese on a garlic bagel toasted. That's all you need to know.
2	Good bagels, great price, TERRIBLE service. More times than not, they screw up my order & have a very poor attitude. I once ordered an bagel w a side of cream cheese. I got to the car. Wrong bagel, no cream cheese. Not a difficult order. I told the manager who corrected the bagel but argued that he didnt charge me for the cream cheese. No matter how many times I reapeated  "I know, you didnt charge me for it but I ordered it & didnt get it" he couldnt get it. It was busy in there & he began raising his voice at me & causing a scene. I was VERY put off to say the least. We keep going back because the bagels are pretty good & very cheap but man..they need to really get their act together.
5	When I know we are not going to have time for lunch I BEG my husband to stop here on our way to work.  Friendly staff and they remember what I like even when its been a while since my last time there.  Decently priced too!!
5	My hubby and I have ordered bagels from this place far more often that we probably should.  We just can't stay away.  The bagels are tasty and moist, chewy yet soft.  We always get the egg, cheese and bacon bagel sandwich and the chorizo burrito.  They both come cut in half so we exchange halves so we can each have half of both meals.  This is the way to go.  We always get extra egg and extra meat on the bagel sandwich though because otherwise the sandwich is a little flat.  It only raises the price by a bit though so I reccommend ordering it that way.  The coffee is tasty and I never drink straight up coffee.  Any day of the week, make sure you come before 10am because that's when everyone and their mother shows up.
5	Kick ass bagels. My personal favorites are the lox and the ruben. I go to school right across the street and when i need something fast and delicious this place always delivers!
5	So good! Love starting my morning off here!
5	Great service, food and prices. The deli is small maybe because it was full of customers! They had nice clean patio tables outside. The bagels were good. We ate an everything and a wheat. I ordered a cinnamon raisin for later :)
5	What an awesome hole in the wall. Small restaurant but so clean and comfortable to be in. My girlfriend and I had the breakfast special ($4.40 for a breakfast sandwich and coffee) and it was perfect! Staff was so friendly and helpful and made some great recommendations before we chose our meal.Definitely will be returning here when I'm in the area again.
5	Hot Bagels some of the best bagels I have ever had. They have speedy service. I go there at least once a week for breakfast, and its affordable to do that (and I work for minimum wage). Their breakfast menu is delicious, but their lunch menu is also great. I think people forget about their lunch food, but its still just as great. I recommend it for everyone.
5	Best breakfast you will find.
5	So delicious! If you're looking for a fantastic but fast spot for breakfast, look no further!
5	Bagels available 365 days a year!!  This place is the best bagel place in Glendale.Great deli lunch sandwiches too. Family owned, and close to MWU.
5	Love the bagels  have been going here for years!Excellent  service
5	Hot bagelz is the best!!!! I love everything here their bagels are so yummyI love their schmears and their boars head sandwiches
4	All top quality at this spot ! Love the egg sausage and cheese breakfast bagel... Very friendly staff also
5	If you're wasting your time at Einstein's or the like, stop. Go to Hot Bagels. Simply the best bagels I've had here in Arizona and best since the old Western Bagel Company back in the San Fernando Valley. It's a guaranteed stop two to three times a week, much to the non-delight of my cardiologist and my wife.
4	very good bagels obviously made in house.  Family feel, good service.a bit of tight quarters in the dinning area.  It may become a regular spot for me in the future.
5	Def a go to breakfast/lunch joint.  Good prices and great food.  Boars Head is always a big win.  If you need breakfast or a deli fix you can't go wrong here..
2	Customer service is not the best and neither are the bagels. I'm from NJ and the bagels are not as good as back home. I always find that the bagels don't taste very fresh. They're a little dry and somtimes taste a bit too salty.
4	Amazing food. Not the best customer service, more into their conversations than talking to you but the food is damn good!
4	Fast service and a really good bagel. The breakfast special (bagel sandwich with a coffee or drink) will take care of you on your way to work when you oversleep and can't get it together at home on a Monday morning. Bagels are huge and delicious. Not a whole lot of room inside for a leisurely breakfast in the mornings so a better option for grab & go. Boar's Head meats for your sandwiches, too, so you could call ahead and order something for lunch. My dry cleaners is right next door and it's right off of the 101, so I'll be in for breakfast most Monday mornings when I am running late.
5	Awesome. I had been going to Einstein's bagels for as long as I can remember. I will never go back there again after trying this place. The yelp reviews don't lie. These bagels are huge. I'm pretty sure they even make their own cream cheese. You have not lives until you have eaten here. Defiantly recommend to anyone in the neighborhood.
4	I can't believe I've driven past here for years and didn't stop by 'til now. The exterior is non-assuming, but upon pulling up, I couldn't believe how packed it was! That's a good sign...We shared the chorizo burrito and a ham, egg and cheese garlic bagel. Pork lovers unite. Including the one coffee that came with the bagel, this breakfast for two came to $10 total and we were definitely satiated. The food and coffee are simple fare, but the bagel was amazing and soooo very fresh. In fact, they had so many bagel options to choose from that is was hard to decide! And freshest looking bagels I've seen in the area. (Beware vampires: the garlic bagel is almost overpoweringly strong, but I love garlic so no complaints here.) Popular Sunday morning place, quick service, good prices, and, most of all, tasty food.
4	A sexy Albanian recommended this place to me, so how could I say no? Don't be fooled by the exterior, it's not particularly attractive or appealing but once in, you're caught. The interior is very nice, lots of tile and rock, very beautiful for a simple bagel shop. The staff is extremely helpful, sweet, and patient. I saw one staff member take his time out of restocking just to hold the door for a customer carrying some items. I rarely see that at other establishments. The ladies behind the counter always greet and help you with a smile! That was nice. :) Well I ordered a bagel sandwich with coffee and then had a crumb cake afterwards and ordered a brownie to go. Everything is priced decently (especially the sweets). And the food was great (ESPECIALLY the crumb cake!). The sandwiches are large and I could only eat half and had to save the other half for later. The only complaint I have regarding what I ordered was the coffee. It was very cold. :(This place is great for breakfast or lunch! And there is seating inside as well as outside!
4	Always a great stop. I have eaten here numerous times and every time has been great. Fast service and friendly staff. Not a ton of seating and the place is usually cranking out bagels and sandwiches. The breakfast bagels are great and come out fast!!  I will continue to be a customer here. If you haven't stopped here you are cheating yourself.
5	Any type of fresh bagel and bagel sandwich you can think of. They are always fresh and use only boars head meats and cheeses. New York style deli that is simply delicious.
5	Amazing breakfast. Wife and I frequent this place often. At least 2-3 times a week. Breakfast meals with great taste and amazing prizes. The coffee is great. They use a kona blend. I just wished they had a bigger place :)
5	I love Hot Bagels! I did a review for the Happy Valley location, but must have missed the review on this location. First off I've been coming here for years. I love the bagel breakfast sandwich. On my last visit I had a ham, egg, cheese sandwich on a everything bagel. Delicious as always and fills me up! I recommend Hot Bagels to anyone that is looking for a quick and good breakfast. On a side not I had a buffalo chicken bagel sandwich for lunch at the other location and it was awesome as well, so for breakfast or a hearty lunch sandwich come here!
5	Hands down the most delicious bagels ever. Closest to New York style bagels ever. A++++ for sure.
2	This is one of the worst bagels + cream cheese I have ever had. Ordered blueberry and everything bagel, both with lite cream cheese (yes, lame).I requested it to be toasted, it was not. Both bagels were dry, plain, and very disappointing. And they put WAY to much cream cheese on. Maybe I went wrong with not getting a breakfast sandwich but if you can't nail the basics, you are done for. See attchaed pics for, err, the bagel that came with my cream cheese.
5	Good place and delicious food! Great atmosphere for a quick breakfast or brunch and nice thick bagels. Good for bringing to the office or sitting down to eat.
5	great spot, excellent food. live across the street and stop in a couple times a week. always fast and friendly service.
5	This is a great place to sit and have lunch with friends.  It's always busy but the service is fast.  Staff is very friendly, in fact, my daughter of 2 years use to go in with me all the time and they would always acknowledge her.I never pay over $7 for breakfast or lunch, and the deli meat is excellent quality.  I would definitely recommend it.
5	Can you believe this place is right next to a Subway and people still go to Subway?! My first time here and I get a gorgeous sandwich plus chips and a drink for cheaper then Subway. The food is so good. The establishment clean and well kept. Plus, no employee is just hanging around looking bored and all of them seem happy to be here. Five stars indeed! No more Subway for me!
5	Mix and match whatever bagels and toppings/inserts you like on your bagels. Breakfast bagels are the best...try out my own version, Spinach Bagel with sausage, egg, cheese and tomatoes - yummiest! The kids love it as well. It's family owned and operated...come and support them!
5	This is the greatest bagel shop. Breakfast sandwiches are awesome. If you are there at lunch try a reuben, you will thank me later. Great staff. Love it.
5	Service is fast and friendly. Their bagel sandwich are delicious. Real fresh compared to Einstein's. Hungry just thinking about it.
3	Superb bagel just wish they would cut back on the salt. Then I could patronize them more often.
5	Best bagels Ive ever had! I visit a few times a month and I have probably tried 80% of the menu, nothing is bad! Try the different flavors of cream cheese, the garlic one is so good!
5	Best bagel place ever. I would go there atleast 2-3 times a week in highschool, and now I make sure I go there whenever I am back home in AZ. So delicious, everything bagel with butter is 2.00$ and so bomb!
4	Are you looking to tempt your taste buds? Then, look no more! This is one of the best places to get breakfast or lunch. The Nova Lox on the everything bagel is my favorite. I love the everything bagel with cream cheese too.Don't be fooled by the exterior. This is a New York style deli which serves sandwiches and delicious desserts in additional to the tasty breakfast items. Do not worry about what to order. You will enjoy any choice you make. The food will not disappoint.
5	Stopped in to grab a quick bagel and was very happy with what we got!! The staff was very friendly,  the bagels are huge with plenty of cream cheese. Excellent! !
3	Being from NY I had high expectations based on a bunch of the reviews. Ordered the Taylor Ham, egg and cheese on a "toasted" everything bagel. Bagel was not toasted. Disappointing there. Like the simple setup of the place. Staff was at best moderately friendly. Smiles and hellos almost seemed forced rather than genuine which is the norm these days. Ive been in and still am in the restaurant industry for over 25 years. Amazing to me how so many managers and owners just don't get how important that piece is. Do you appreciate your guests or not?  Sorry. I digress.Anyway, overall not too bad. Prices about right. Guess I was expecting better. Might be back but not crazy about it.
5	Really outstanding little deli and bagel shop.  I've driven past this place hundreds of times, but never thought to come in.  I knew they were a popular breakfast stop, but only today heard that they have lunch options too.  Glad I finally found my way here for lunch on a Friday.The restaurant is set in a shopping center on the southwest corner of 59th Ave and the 101.  They're surrounded by other restaurants including Panda Express, Subway and Del Taco.  Doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside the display area and menu almost immediately clamor for your attention.  As you might expect they have a wide variety of bagels on hand, but they also have a case full of Boar's Head meats ready for slicing for a sandwich or that you can grab by the pound.  There's also a pastry display case in the middle teasing you with baked goods ranging from croissants to cinnamon rolls.  The place was super busy with a mix of locals and Midwestern University students.  As always I look to get a full spectrum of their menu with a first visit to a new restaurant.  I wanted a sandwich, a bagel, and a dessert and I wanted it all to go.  Solution:  A turkey club sandwich on a toasted bagel with cream cheese with a small bag of chips, a fountain drink and a cinnamon roll.  Total price for all of this was just $10.  And despite the crowd, I got my entire to go order in less than 5 minutes.  Brought it back to the office to eat during work.  The sandwich was fantastic.  They did not hold back on the turkey as my sandwich was loaded with it.  Plenty of bacon, lettuce and tomato too.  The bagel was firm from toasting, but still has a light doughy texture that lets you know it was made fresh that day.  They also did not hold back on the icing for the cinnamon roll as the roll was completely drenched in it.  They heated it up for me so it was still warm and fluffy when I was ready to eat.Their menu is lengthy so give yourself some time to survey the myriad of options when you come in.  The staff is very friendly and as mentioned earlier, operates at a quick pace.  So even if it's busy like it was for me today, the wait isn't too long.  They also have locations on 67th Ave and Happy Valley Rd and on I-17 and the Carefree Highway.  Not much else to add other than three adjectives:  Quick, cheap, delicious.
5	been going here for years now and it has never disappointed-always fast service no matter how busy
5	This place is really good...everything is fresh and super yummy. They use boar's head cold cuts which are the best quality ever
5	Must have passed by here hundreds of times but never thought to stop in until I moved to the area! It's immediately off the freeway on 59th Ave & 101. Looks like a normal little deli but it really is an awesome find. I woke up craving a really good bagel, and this place is right down the street so I wanted to try it out. These bagels are incredible! The cream cheese is delicious as well. The place was packed with families on a Sunday morning but service was quick and friendly. We got ours to go and waited no more than 5 minutes. The menu has endless possibilities; the sandwiches looked amazing too. I forgot to mention the prices are a real steal too. Not one of those bagel places that ridiculously overcharges, got two bagels with cream cheese for $4.25! Will absolutely be coming back as this is my new neighborhood bagel spot :)
1	Bought baker's dozen at 6.45am, asked if bagels were hot.Sidestepped my question & said they were made that morning. Bagels were cold, overly dense & toasting didn't even help. Obviously from the day before, if you're expecting Einstein's, do not come here.
4	Tips:Bagels 85 cents each.$4.97 for a Taylor Ham, Egg and Cheese bagel (Taylor ham is saltier than regular ham)----------------------------------------------------------------------------------A small shop that you wouldn't think twice about with a generic name like "Hot Bagels", but surprisingly serves great bagel sandwiches!Great place for a good tasting and filling breakfast.
1	Cold, hard and oldWent to Hot Bagels twice, first time near closing time. The bagels were cold, hard and stale, had to throw it away.Giving them a second chance, I went at 10 am since they say they make them everyday. Ordered 6 and my home is no more than 5 min away. Once again, cold, hard and stale.Called and they said they make them once a day early in the morning. If they leave them out, that explains a lot. If they put them in the refrigerator, then I guess they are not aware that bread stales 6 times faster in the refrigerator.Either way, I will never go back.I can't comment about the other stuff they sell, but as for bagels, KEEP AWAY, unless you have strong teeth.
5	I've lived in this neighborhood for seven years and there's no better place for breakfast. You can come in for a quick bite if you want but at the same time it's a great place to grab breakfast for the entire office or a client or to catch up with your spouse a friends or employee.
5	If you're craving for bagels or breakfast, you need to go here and eat every / any bagel you can think of.
5	Absolutely LOVE Hot Bagels! They have the BEST bagels and deli around! If you need a quick hot breakfast than this is the place to go!
