5	Argueably the best wings in Charlotte.  Damn tastey.  I think the other one listed has the wrong address.
5	Best wings in the southeast.  Although bar is smokey the wings are hot.
4	Like wings? Alcohol? Sports? Well, do ya??? Then do yourself a favor slappy... check out this hole in the wall! Food - You will find your basic bar fare with a nice selection of wings including Blazing, Lemon Pepper, Hawaiian, Hot Gold, Hot Teriyaki and many more. If you're looking for a really crispy wing, then this may disappoint. But if you're looking for flavor they knock it out of the park. I have enjoyed pretty much everything I have ever ordered here. They also have good drink specials. And crushed ice!My Staple: I usually get the buffalo chicken sandwich with the blazing sauce. It comes on a plain bun with shredded lettuce and tomato with ranch or bleu cheese on the side. (I go sans tomato)  It comes with seasoned crinkle cut fries. Atmosphere: There are probably about 20 tables in this place so it can tend to be pretty packed if it's after work or there's a big game on TV. Decoration is pretty basic. The TV is usually tuned to sports and they have the NFL Sunday Ticket. When the games are on there is usually some fun banter between fans of opposing teams.Service: The service isn't the speediest when busy but they are friendly and very accommodating. Overall: A nice laid back place to grab a drink, catch a game and munch on some wings.
5	Total dive but for wings in the Charlotte area - they don't get any better than the ones served @ this place. Plus, they have a Silver Strike bowling machine. Good times await ...
5	First place I ever had a fried pickle. Damn good stuff. The wings are also really good, they offer quite a few odd flavors, but all the ones I tried are very good even combined. I think the Hawaiin and hot teriyaki or something like that is the best. This is like the one place if we are driving to around or through Charlotte, we have to stop :) Ps: You guys are lucky, we dont have fried pickles in Miami. and if you can find them they suck and are the chip version.
5	THE BEST WINGS IN CHARLOTTE!  Hands down - was there yesterday and ordered 15 wings with 'hot gold' sauce made extra crispy.  The wings were a great size and the blue dipping sauce was great.  Tons of celery came with the wings.  They serve krinkle-cut fries here covered with a spicy salt - delish.  Just wish this place was closer to uptown.
4	Extremely decent wing-noms, and great prices. I'd had D.D's before on take-out, but was reminded of it when we needed a place to have a continuous stream of food and alcohol while watching the first U.S. World Cup game. D.D. Pecker's it was. Service this time around was a very helpful, bouncy, sweet girl who obviously knew nothing about soccer, but would cheer and boo when the crowd did anyway, and do so while still being attentive. Definite top rating for service. The drinks were strong, which was great. Also, they held no qualms with experimenting to make my favorite drink (Grateful Dead). The wings, as always, were delicious. I can't handle hot too well, but the Cajun is still flavorful, and I'm a fan of the Gold. My new favorite and new experience was the Hoisin Honey, which was amazing. Crunchy, blackened, and flavorful on the outside, moist and sweet/nutty tasting on the inside. If you've been on the fence about them, trust me when I say that while they're not your traditional wing flavor, they are yum. We also ordered some onion rings, which were good, but unfortunately we had to leave the bottom layer since there was a large puddle of fry grease floating there. Great place to watch the game, and has a great atmosphere. Yeah, perhaps a dive, but for those of you out there who are dive-lovers, this place is clean, friendly, and has great food and good drinks while you watch the game. Pull up a stool.
5	IMO these are the best wings in Charlotte and I have tried a bunch of places that claim to be great.  It's a hole in the wall in a strip mall but they know how to make some fine wings and that's why the place is always busy.By far their best sauce is the Hot Gold.  Try your wings extra crispy with this warmy tangy sauce and some blu cheese to dip them in and you can't go wrong.  Very affordable as well.  A basket of seasoned fries will run you about $3 and their side salads are always fresh and tasty!  The wings are so good I almost hate to review this place as I don't want it to become too popular!  Do yourself and your taste buds a favor and stop in and try the Hot Gold.  The Hot Ranch isn't too shabby either!
5	Best wings I've had in the Charlotte area hands down. Fried pickles aren't bad either. Great hangout spot for drinks, sports or food.
5	Spot-on wings for Charlotte.  I'm rarely on that side of town, but when I am I always try to stop through.  Ordered some take-out(but have eaten in many times) wings for watching football playoffs today.  Got hot-gold, every one of them.  Nice crunch, great flavor(mildly mustardy), with a good amount of heat.  The heat doesn't blow your doors off, sorry all you masochists out there.  Not extremely cheap, but you can't really find 25 cent wings anywhere anymore.As far as the "restaurant" goes, its pretty much a dive bar in a strip mall.  Just telling it like it is.
4	Small wing joint hidden away in an older strip mall- but the food is great! Very popular with the football crowd and can get crowded on game nights. Lots of tvs and good viewing angles if you're there to watch. Service is quick and attentive and the wings cant be beat. I'm particularly a fan of the sampler platter (25 wings) as we like to mix and match flavors. I almost feel bad for not giving them the full 5-stars, but I have to knock one off for ambiance, as the place tends to be a little dingy and loud.
4	I ordered lemon pepper wings but I swear that's not what I got. It was late and I was in the mood for some wings so of course I got on yelp, and this is one of the first places that came up so I gave it a try. It was my first time there so I was already nervous. I looked at the wings when she gave them to me but it was dark b/c the place is more of a hang out at night so I couldn't really tell if they were what I ordered or not but it did smell good. So I get home and I'm eating them and I'm enjoying them but then I realize it was not what I ordered. Lol. By then it was too late cuz I had already eaten half. And I still dunno what kind of wings they were which sucks b/c I liked them and now I can't order them next time. Lol
4	I didn't actually intend to go to DD Peckers Wings.  I was looking for a different restaurant when stumbled across it.  It was on my bookmark list to try, so rather than waste more time looking for the other place, I stopped in there.  I was glad I did.  The place is pretty much a dimly lit dive bar & grille type place.  I ordered some onion rings to start with a and 10 wings with the hot sauce.  My onion rings came out pretty quick.  The rings hand made, hot out of the fryer, with just the right amount of grease.  They were thin with the batter just about falling off and very, very tasty.  They reminded me of the onion rings that my family used to get when we went out to the local fried chicken joint on Sundays as a treat.   I had a little bit of a wait after I finished the rings before my wings came out, but my waitress kept my drink filled.  The wings were a pretty good size and well coated with sauce.  They were steaming hot, temperature wise, and spicy hot flavor wise.  Usually when I order hot it is more like a medium to my palate, but these were truly hot on my spice meter.  The only negative I could find was that they were a little over cooked, but not by much so I couldn't give them 5 stars.  This place is pretty hidden in a strip mall and you'd probably drive right by if you weren't looking for it.  But my recommendation is to look for it and you won't be disappointed.  The price is also very reasonable, $7.50 for 10 wings with a wide range of sauces.  I'm definitely going back there.
4	This is the place the locals go. The staff has been there forever. The wings are good and beer is cheap. What else do you need? TVs for the game? They have those too!
4	YUM! Delicious wings, entertaining trivia host, great prices, super service and fun customers. I used to live around the corner and went here way more often, but even now that I've moved to the clear opposite side of town I still make the trek to visit once and a while. The location may seem a bit odd at first, it's a strip mall hole-in-the-wall type bar with about 10 four top/3 high top tables and a bar that seats 8 or so, but if you're craving the best bar food THIS. IS. THE. PLACE!*Favorite thing: Hot Garlic wings dipped in Ranch...or their cafeteria style krinkle cut fries, or their spicy fried pickles. Yeah, it's really just too hard to choose!
3	Listen, I'm not a big chicken wing fan.  Yes I like chicken wings but my tastes aren't well tuned in enough to discern good wings from bad.  That being said, I think D.D. Peckers is A-OK!  I still like the home town feel of the place, the non chicken wing food is actually really good to.  I tried the shrimp salad (was a bit sad to see it come out fried).  It was actually really good though.  Beer specials could've been a little bit better and the selection is a little lacking for me but either way this is a solid 'hood bar with great servers.  Make sure to check out the license frames on the wall for a good laugh.
5	This place is a great dive. The wings are my favorite in Charlotte with a wonderfully-flavorful sauce and not too expensive. Don't expect great service though if there is a crowd.
5	By far my favorite wing place. Don't let the strip mall exterior turn you off. This place has amazing wings at a decent price. Try the Hoisin Honey, my personal favorite!
5	Ohhh DD Peckers - the Wednesday night trivia SPOT.  The owner, Justin, is a riot.  This place has a dive feel with KILLER wings - just make sure you get them well done! NOM.  Everything is good though - fried pickes, salads, cheese fries, you name it.As for trivia night - every Wednesday at 8:30PM.  Get there a little early to get a seat and order some grub.Just an age warning - the trivia is raunchy and oh so fun.  Don't bring your kids.  Come to get your drink on, relax and have a good laugh with Justin on the mic.This place is a blast.  Definintely recommend checking it out!
4	Interesting name.....GREAT food!!
4	Great wings and service. Must try the Hot Garlic wings, awesome.
5	This place has been on my radar for the past couple of months, but I would never find myself in the position to get to this part of town from where I live.  I did finally get to try it this past weekend, man, have I been missing out!Don't judge a book by it's cover, this place is easily hidden away in a strip mall off of Park Rd. Extension.  It really lends itself to the whole vibe and feel of the place.  The servers are super relaxed, but you are well attended to... and it really feels like a cool neighborhood regular spot.We tried the wing sampler... that lets you get 5 different flavors with 25 wings... we thought we would have some left over but within 30min... the plate was clean and I was super happy we decided to eat wings that evening.  On a hot kick.... so we tried the Hot Garlic, Honey Hot, Hot Teriyaki, Jerk, and Lemon Pepper flavors of wings and all of them were pretty awesome.  After trying the five I would definitely get them all again, especially the honey hot.. nice mix of sweet and fire.My favorite part was looking a the women's restroom door and seeing a sticker that says, "I [heart] Peckers".... sorry I just reverted to a ten year old....All in all a great experience!  Definitely need to check out trivia night and the other flavors on the menu!
1	The service was okay, but lacked any caring attitude at all!!  Half answered questions and the bonless wings all had nasty gristle in most bites, fried whole pickles, the only thing I enjoyed were the fries and my company!  I hope not to eat here again!
4	Pretty solid wings, I recommend the sweet hawaiian ones. they come out real black but don't be scared by the color. Hot gold is also pretty solid and not super hot.I wanna go there to catch a game.
5	Best wings ever.Just fantastic.  You may think twice about walking in, but will be glad that you did.Found a great combination here, parm-garlic with a side of mild sauce is a flavor I can't do without when I go here.  Something on the menu for everyone.Ample portions, excellent servers!Do it!
4	Wow. DD Peckers is a little diamond tucked away between Park Rd and Hwy 51. Stuck between other small shops and pubs, you'll want to find your way in, sooner rather than later, to try out this pub grub. The wings. Man. Just the plain old mild are where it's at. Big wings with tons of sauce. The Hot Gold are like Carolina Mustard BBQ meets awesome and had a lovechild. Delicious. The cheese fries are a little lackluster. Great fries. Seasoned well and crinkle cut. The cheese is just shredded cheese thrown on top. Not my favorite but does well in a pinch. The fried pickles are dank. Huge spears and generously breaded. Go for a little ranch or bleu dipping action and you're set. The inside is so quaint. Easy to feel right at home at the bar, one of the high-tops or a booth. Sink into the culture a bit more and come in for trivia or watch the game. Great people run this place and the product and atmosphere shine that fact forth gloriously. Thanks, DD Peckers. You've got my vote!
5	Thank you yelp for some of the best wing flavors I've ever tried. Go with a group of friends and order as many different types as you can. I tried hoisin honey, hot gold, and cajun rub - they were all really delicious. I can't wait to come back here.Staff is friendly and served us drinks while we wait for our to-go order.  They even gave us napkins when they saw us sneak off a couple wings from the box as we were paying.
4	We finally made the trek to see who indeed is the "wing king" of Charlotte. DD Peckers vs Wing King Cafe: Smack down 2012!DD Peckers came pretty close, but no cigar. We decided to do it simple by splitting a 25-wing basket and got 5 different wings.Breakdown in no particular order:Mild wings: Pretty good but pretty generic. If you've had good buffalo wings elsewhere, this is pretty much the same. Nothing stood out but went down the hatch with ease. 3/5 starsSouthern: fried chicken with gravy to dip them in. Breading was thick & crunchy but needed a dash of salt. Gravy was pretty good but better than that gruel you get at a KFC. 3/5 starsCajun: The best of the batch. A dry Cajun seasoning that had just the right amount of heat. I could've downed an entire basketful of these mothers. 5/5 starsGarlic Parmesan: the worst out of the bunch. By saying "worst", I mean they were definitely last place. Edible but not worth getting again. It's like they fried up some wings and poured some Parmesan cheese on it from a canister. Did not taste any garlic and the cheese itself was meh. 1/5 starsHot Ranch: I believe these were supposed to have the hot buffalo sauce on them and then they cover them in ranch dressing. Either they gave us a milder sauce or the ranch extinguished the flames because they did not have a hot kick to them. They were still delicious and were the 2nd best out of the batch. 4/5 starsMargarita: $7.00 and comes in a normal drinking cup. Presentation along with a steep price drops it a star but the magic elixir inside was great. 4/5 starsService & atmosphere: Very much like Wing King Cafe. You could almost swear these were sister restaurants. Staff border on unfriendliness but really kick ass at serving. Restaurant is a bit of a dump but is forgiven for the great food. It was crowded on Friday night and I saw more than one party walk away because of the wait. We got there at 6:30 and had no problem getting a table right away. What kills me about this place and Wing King Cafe is that they're way on the other side of town from me and within a few miles of each other. I wish I had one or the other on my side of town so I could have the best of both worlds.Oh, well.Your pal,Walter
5	I have not eaten chicken on the bone in 20 years, but going with a work buddy on a few occasions and smelling the delicious wings was just too much temptation.  After going with a friend who ordered the 25 wing sampler was more than I could take - I had to have some WANGS!!!The other reviews are spot-on about the location, dive in a strip mall, but don't let the sombrero'ed storefronts scare you off - these are the best wings you will get anywhere!Fat Tire on tap, strong drinks, the wait staff keeps your drinks filled and are crazy efficient.  Friendly without hovering.  Big TV's everywhere.  When I get takeout, the food is still smoking hot when I get home (if you order the 25 wing sampler, it is put in a large aluminum container that keeps everything hot and saucy).  The wings also heat up very well when put in the oven - IF you have any leftovers, which is a rare occasion.  The fries are deliciously super-crisp crinkle cuts with a somewhat spicy seasoning on them.  Previous to trying their actual wings, I had their Grilled Chicken on a Stick which is boneless chicken that can be rolled in your favorite sauce - very good.  The Real Deal Philly was yum.  Buffalo Chicken Sammich hit the spot, Pasta salad is pretty good with lots of veggies and the potato salad always hits the spot.  Mozzarella sticks are standard bar quality, nice size and served with marinara sauce that was pretty tasty.Before I break down my favorite flavors, I have to say that the bleu cheese dressing is the best I have had anywhere.  I am okay for embarrassing myself in public, so if there were ever any of this dressing left over post-wings, I would totally tip it up like a shot.  Tangy chunks of bleu cheese in every bite.  YUM!For the wings - every flavor that I have had has been beyond good.  I get all drums (which is $1 extra/10 wings, and totally worth it).  My favorite is the Southern, which are just fried chicken wings served with brown gravy (that's right, I said GRAVY) - it makes the Colonel roll in his grave because these are exponentially better than anything that KFC could come up with.  Very crispy and crunchy, lots of fried goodness.  And... GRAVY.   My favorite sauced wing is the Hot Honey BBQ, which isn't insanely hot, but has a bit of a kick, and has a bit of a sweetness to it.  The teriyaki and hot teriyaki are both very good - the hot has a tiny bit of a kick to it, but aren't very spicy.  Both are more of a dry wing and the Hawaiian flavor is the teryiaki wing with pineapple.  Hot Gold is very good if you like mustard.  Hoisin Honey is on my list to try because it smells delicious, but I always order 5 Southern and 5 Hot Honey BBQ.  Wings are served with your choice of ranch or bleu cheese (plenty of it instead of tiny crappy plastic cups that you can't fit a wing in) and a lot of celery to give your mouth some relief.
5	Oh man oh man oh man. If you know ANYTHING about wings, and you live in Charlotte, then you ABSOLUTELY POSITIVELY MUST know about D.D. Peckers, and if you don't, then you will quickly learn the value of such a wonderful place. This hole in the wall is a welcoming sort of place, despite it's surroundings. And by welcoming, I mean, roll-your-sleeves-up-grab-a-cold-one kind of welcoming. It is a hive for sports fans, trivia nerds, and wing aficionados alike. Three flavors to go for- Blazing (if you are a spice fanatic), hot gold, and honey hot. It is so awesome to eat a non-Texas Pete soaked wing in a world full of them. They obviously make their own buffalo sauce, or if they don't, they stole nectar from the gods. Bangin' and I mean BANGIN flavors.  Ordered a side of fries, which were crispy and seasoned. Blue cheese is made in house, and it's thick and chunky and wonderful...also a hard feat to come by. Just simply do yourself a favor and go. Don't dress up, don't use a fork and knife, you will get strange looks from people like me if you do! ;-)
4	Great dive! Gotta try their hot gold wing sauce...Delicious! Also, don't miss out on their broccoli cheddar appetizer. This is a neighborhood hot spot!
4	Go for the Hot Garlic wings with Fries to dip in the sauce.  Great sauce, with LOTS of garlic.  Good cold beer as well.
5	I still heart the Peckers.  Most recent visit I tried the onion rings - thin cut onions in a spicy batter fried... very good.  Greasy.  But I have nothing against grease.  Hoisin Honey wings looked a lil weird sprinkled in sesame seeds, but were very good.  Hot Teriyaki was delicious as usual and finally tried the Honey Hot - which are my new favorites (sorry, Southern style - I still love ya).
5	Still a 5.  Went Friday night with friends for beers and wangs (we all had our usuals) and returned today with another friend and tried the fried pickles.  YUM!  Different.  Usually fried pickles are pickle chips, but DD's deep fries spears in a slightly spicy crunchy batter and is served with either ranch or hot ranch (I went with ranch as I had ordered some Honey Hot wings).  We went early and the football crowd started to roll in as we were set to leave.  Plenty of big TV's were rolling in preparation for the ball games  I love the wait staff who keeps your drinks filled and checks on you without hovering.  My absolute favorite local dive.
1	After reading all of the great reviews, I decided to get a good amount of wings from d.d. Peckers for my friends and I. And I totally regret doing so. I ordered a variety of Blazing, Caribbean jerk, Hawaiian, and Teriyaki. ALL of the wings were burnt. The Blazing and Caribbean Jerk were edible, however I HAD to get my money back for the Hawaiian and Teriyaki. We only tried a couple pieces of which were totally flavorless and tasted like flavorless char. While getting my money back we were given a slight attitude and agreement that the wings were "overcooked". Overcooked is an understatement - every other piece was COMPLETELY black and totally inedible. I don't know what was wrong today versus the other days when these great reviews were submitted. I will not be going back and will tell everyone I know to stay away. Oh and in addition to this, the Blazing wings are also horrible. Their idea of making wings hotter is adding a huge amount of black pepper to the wings. Why not just add more red pepper to the buffalo sauce? It's beyond me.
2	Meh.  I checked this place out after reading the rave reviews on yelp and was pretty disappointed.  The service wasn't very good.  When we walked in, it took a good few minutes before someone even acknowledged us and told us to sit anywhere.  My husband and I went for the wing platter where you can get five wing flavors of five wings each.  We went with what we heard was good including the Hot Gold.  I will admit the Hot Gold was pretty good, but everything else was just mediocre.I don't know that I would necessarily go back here with other wing joints closer to where I live, but I suppose I'd give it another whirl if I happen to be in the neighborhood.  Nothing to go out of your way for in my opinion.
5	D D Peckers' wing shack is a small family run wing spot hidden in Pineville, NC.   The fried pickle spears complimented with blue cheese dressing are an excellent companion to their arsenal of flavored chicken wings!Don't be discouraged by the tinted windows. D D's is great with awesome value.
4	I've been on a gluttonous tour of Charlotte's unhealthiest restaurants lately. My latest endeavor was the oddly named wing joint d.d. Peckers in Pineville. I've had my fair share of wings from many a local and chain restaurants, and honestly to me they all seem very similar. Like most wing places, they have a bar, a multitude of TVs, and ample wing flavors. Something unique they offer is their fried broccoli cheese balls, which may induce a heart attack, but at least they taste delicious. Kudos to them for making their wing flavors taste distinct from each other, so many wing joints just douse their wings in different sauces and call it a day, but DD's prepares them with more effort, and my taste buds could tell. Their wings are meaty and tender, and their cheese fries are some of the best I've had. Totally worth the drive to Pineville if you're in the mood for wings.
5	I'm gonna do you a favor... come here and order 10 'honey hot' flavored wings.  Then go on yelp and thank me.  Take it from a guy who isn't exactly a "die hard chicken wing fan" nor do I enjoy spicy food... these honey hot wings are awesome.  Just the right amount of everything.  The restaurant is easy to miss... it's in a strip mall between the Firestone and Laser Quest.  Can't wait to go back!
4	This is a really fun dive bar. It's small but has a lot of personality. The wings are killer and they usually have some good deals on drinks. This place is great for what it is
2	We came here while searching for the "best wings in Charlotte." I had high expectations for d.d.'s after reading these yelp reviews. It is not easy to find if you don't know what you are looking for. Once we got there, we decided to go with the wings platter. One or two of the wings were decent, the rest were forgettable. Perhaps if I hadn't read reviews and came in expecting mind-blowing wings, I wouldn't be so hard on them. It wasn't a waste of money, but our search for great wings in Charlotte continues.
4	Yeah, real good wings ! Went here recently with my son after reading  reviews on Yelp. This place is definitely a hole in the wall dive, which is fine by me . We ordered the fried pickle spears and house made chips as an appetizer, which were both good, not great. The wings were what we came for ,and we were not to be disappointed. Got 3 different flavors of wings. Mild are like a traditional Buffalo wing, hot ranch and hot honey BBQ. The hot ranch was outstanding, a crunchy, spicy, ranch flavor, really good! The mild wing was also excellent. The hot honey BBQ was good, not great.Definitely coming back again and would recommend this place to any wing lover.
5	Little bar with 1 server handling all tables. She does an amazing job though, service was excellent: fast and friendly. But wings are what this place is about, and they do them quite well. Some of the best I've ever had with many options. There is a nice selection of flavors, you can get them regrilled, and the fries and sides are good. The celery was tasty but the ranch and blue cheese are a bit bland. The wings are the perfect size, not huge but a bit bigger than most places. The meat seems like a higher quality than most wings I've had. You can get many flavors by ordering 5 wings at a time: you don't pay more for the smaller quantities. I tried 3 flavors with 1 regrilled and they were all great.
5	Best wings, ever!! Hot gold are our favorite. Recently I tried the lemon pepper wings and I'm hooked. They taste like they have a lemon soy sauce in them. Oh and the beer is cold and service is fast. We've been going to DD's for over 8 years and have never been disappointed!
4	With a name like DD Peckers, you can be sure you'll offend someone. But it's not about the name. Really. Just pretend you didn't hear it.Finding the place can be a little bit of a chore, since it's not much to look at - either inside or out. And once you're inside, there isn't much room to move around, especially if there's a crowd. You also may not want to look too closely.The name is actually "DD Peckers Wing Shack" - means that you ought to try the wings. So go wild. There are something like thirty flavors on the menu, from naked (in keeping with the theme of the place) to the alluring Hoisin Honey. Try them all if you are so inclined, but it might set you back a bit, a 5 wing order costing more than $4.I'm old, but that's not cheap. At least you get the celery and dressing included, not like 10 cent wings at the bar when you have to pay extra.The big downside is the service - it can be pretty slow, so be prepared to wait. And wait. And then wait some more. If you think you might want extra wings, order them up front, because you may not get a chance for a second order.
3	Pretty decent wings for the price. Tons of flavors to choose from. The staff is ok when it comes to politeness, but in the long run the wings and the beer specials make it worth it.
5	Best wings...loved their hot teryaki!Small place and looks rough on the outside but inside was clean and service was good/friendly.  Lots of tvs and it was a comfortable environment.  Tried 5 different types of wings and all were excellent.  The chili cheese fries were good too.  All in all it was affordable good food.
4	Swung in for lunch, this was my first time visiting this establishment.... The wings were fantastic.   They had me lickiing my fingers in glee....  I had the lemon wings with the hot gold sauce...  Culinary work of art....  As Arnold would say, , ''I'll be back''
4	The hot gold wings are worth it. To the reviewer who waited to be seated in an establishment like this....Ahahaha. Seat yourself. Lots of wing flavors to choose from. The only complaint I have is that my soda tasted off and after I mentioned it to her she said that she thought it "looked weird" when she poured it. Why would you give a customer something that looks noticeably off? Those hot gold wings are seriously the best!
3	DD peckers had always been known for their wings. Their beer selection is lacking for sure. Also we waited 40 minutes for wings on a slower night. The wings tasted great and were fresh, but they charge way too much for wings when they aren't really that much better than any other wing joint in the area. I won't be going back any time soon other than for a beer.
5	Awesome wings and very friendly bartender. Wings and sauces are home made. If I'm ever back in the area I'll definitely be back at this place.
4	Tender and juicy hot wings. The chili cheese fries are huge and delicious! This place looks a little scary from the outside. It is clean and the waitress was friendly. The wings and homemade ranch are fantastic.
5	Great hole in the wall chicken wing joint. Large variety of flavors - will need many more visits before I've tried a majority of them. An OK beer selection, and flat screens abound for watching sports.
5	So now I'm hooked on the lemon pepper wings. Hot gold are still the staple for my husband, so I always steal a few of his too;) this place never disappoints. I hear the Panthers players love it too. I'm always up for a NFL player sighting!
5	BEST WINGS EVER!!! We eat here almost once a week and if we skip a couple weeks we make it up by going 4 days in a row. I love the hot honey bbq and the garlic, my bf usually gets the hot gold, but we've had almost all the flavors and you really can't go wrong. We've also ate our way through their appetizer list and can't complain about any of them, good and greasy and the prefect starter to the main meal. Surprisingly their Veggie burger is amazing, like one of the best I've ever had.Their daily domestic drink specials are on point and great for washing down the wings. Buy one of their koozies and you'll be set!All the ladies who work are are awesome. They each have their own thing going and bring something unique to their service. It's not fake sugar coated generic niceties and that's what makes them awesome. They're genuine and that's appreciated. This place can get packed esp during Carolina games and it may not be the hippest, classiest or shinest place but it is hands down my favorite wings/grab some beers place to go in Charlotte.
4	Ordered carryout tonight and was pleasantly surprised. The buffalo shrimp app was really good but was a very small portion for $8. My husband and I split the shrimp po boy and it was huge so I'm glad we got one to share. We ordered the 25 wings with 5 sauces and could barely make a dent in them but the ones we did try were really good and had a lot of meat and sauce on each one. For this area wing joints are pretty slim and I would definitely go here over driving to BWW anytime!
4	I live right across the street and have ordered take out from here a few times. The food is excellent! Every time my order has been correct and delicious. However, the staff has never been very friendly, especially on the phone. They've never been rude, just not as friendly as you expect in the hospitality business. That being said, I will definitely continue to order take out!
3	This place is definitely a dive but I can't say its not delicious. The wings aren't as scrawny as most places I go to;they are actually good meaty wings.The hot garlic is probably my favorite sauce because I can't get it anywhere else. The fried zucchini is also awesome. Service and food is great but the atmosphere could use some work.
5	All of their wings are very good but my favorite are the honey hots.... BEST EVER! Great hole in the wall place to grab a  beer and wings. Great service and the food is always hot and fresh. The place is hidden but I am glad I found it. You will not be disappointed.
1	I can't believe this place got 4 stars overall!  Maybe the stars just weren't aligned when I went.  My night started with me wanting to find a good wings place nearby that was open past 10 PM. I was also interested in my church buddys coming here on Tuesday nights when they have .59 wings because we were looking for a closer place to South Charlotte.  DDs was nearby and open, so I thought I'd check it out due to the great reviews.  I walked in and no server said a word to me.  It was pretty busy, so, I sat myself.   No biggie.  After five minutes of no one saying anything, I moved to the bar since there was someone working that area.  Again, no one said anything to me for about 5 minutes.  I finally got a hello and ordered a drink.  After this, I waited 15 minutes for the bartender to take my food order despite the fact that my menu was closed and she passed by many times.  Finally, she took my order, and after bringing it to me, I didn't hear a peep for almost an hour when I finally had to ask for my check to leave.  No refills, no "how is everything."  I can't say I've EVERY experienced that at any restaurant no matter how busy.  To top it all off, the guy announcing trivia swore like a pirate including calling some girls "b*tches" which apparently they didn't find offensive.  I find it ironic they would have a sign out front that says "A Fun Neighborhood Joint."  I guess the name of the business should have given it away.  It sounds like a male strip club or something!  Oh and I would rate the sandwich a 4 out of 10.  Nothing special.  Never again will I return...
3	Being advertised as a wing place, i got the teryakki wings and they were very salty and not that good i would say.  The 3 stars are for the BBQ Bacon cheeseburger, very good beef and tastes good.
5	Best wings around. Been a while since we had eaten here, yelped to find best wings as well as googled and this came up over and over again. Perfect example of a dive bar if I have ever seen one. Staff was all super nice, they all appeared to enjoy working there, family like atmosphere, lots of regulars.Ordered the fried pickles, onion rings and the hot ranch wings. Had the fried pickles before, they do the spears, looooove the spears.. they were good, crunchy, salty right amount of breading. The onion rings, they were sad.. greasy, mushy... a few were crunchy and those were tasty but most were too greasy/mushy to eat. The hot ranch wings.. OMG... I woke up this morning wanting them for breakfast. The wings themselves were super crispy... even with the sauce.. the hot ranch was not hot by my standards but had really good flavor.. BF has eaten there many times, never tired and he was said he had been missing out. I will be eating here again in another week or so for sure.
5	Great wing joint. I went there with my Migos for lunch. We were all impressed with the food and attentive, friendly staff.  We're definitely adding it to the rotation.
4	Soo this place isn't fancy but it makes for some great people watching (especially with the lovely Amy C ) and they have some damn good wings. My favorite were the Honey Hot BBQ. Such great flavor on them!!! And you have to try the blue cheese dressing it's totally with it...and the calories associated with it! Ha! I'm already looking forward to coming back...Wangs anyone?!?
2	I really hope these aren't "Charlotte's best" wings. After all the positive reviews, it seemed like the place to go for wings, but I was highly disappointed. We ordered a 25 wing sampler, and the Hawaiian and Hoisin can only be described as bad. The Hot and BBQ were average at best. Definitely not good enough to warrant a return trip.
5	From the outside, and maybe even when you first walk in, it seems like a total hole in the wall! But don't let that fool you! They are awesome. Great, great food, friendly staff and great prices. My favorites are the mild wings, their cheeseburger and their french fries! My boyfriend says the Oyster Po Boy is the best he's ever had (which surprised us considering we're not near the coast!). And lately, my teenage son keeps asking if we can come back because he loves their bacon cheeseburger! HIGHLY recommend this place!!
3	This place had the best wings I used to order them at least twice a week!! But I ordered from them yesterday and it just wasn't up to par. I was so disappointed in them. I was looking forward to their wings smh. I'll give them another try in the later future
5	Wings the way they were meant to be! We take out from here a couple of time a month or whenever I'm in the mood for some wings! It reminds of a lot of the places I would go for wings back in WNY. My order is always ready when I arrive (about 15min) no matter how busy they are. I usually order the traditional hot wings. These pack a little heat behind them! Recently, upon recommendation from one of the waitresses I ordered from, I've tried the Hot Gold... they're the reason I'm sitting down to write this review! It takes a lot to convert this former Western New Yorker wing snob to something other a regular hot wing!
4	It's a decent place! Great wings,fries.Have been here many times, good service.My favorite are the honey hot/hot/garlic hot wings and big basket fries.
1	We have been here few times and never in my life have I been in a place of business that blatantly targets a table of paying customers for their race and their heritage. A group of us sat, not bothering anyone, trying to have dinner, when we were attacked by the owner of the restaurant for being Asian. When we called him out on it, he just continued on. He even finished the night by saying " I will be here next week but that table won't be." What a terrible waste of space.
3	Not impressedVisited dd Peckers about a week ago and while nice, not outstanding.My wife had the Chicken Philly and while not great, nothing to write home about.I had the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich with the Blazing Sauce.  You would expect with blazing, it would be very hot but not the case. Never once had to wipe my brow from sweat and a good medium hot at best.Still a nice place to go and a dive restaurant but still a good option. Just not a first choice.
4	It was a good sign that when we arrived at about 9AM on Friday Morning people were waiting outside for tables. The weather was good and the wait short and there is lots of people watching outside.The Cafe is not fancy but the food is first class and the service fast!We both had crepes with berries and it was delicious and there was plenty of food.What a nice experience.
5	Best wings in Charlotte... Try the Hot Ranch or the honey hot bbq.  The onion rings are great also!  Trivia night is fun... The owner usually calls it out and no guest can hide from his crazy offbeat wit.  Usually a good crowd for Monday night football and such and Golden Tee while you wait
4	Wings! I am addicted. Here they have a sauce selection that would embarrass many so-called wing establishments. I opted for the sauce-dip all-in-one... the hot ranch. So good. Just creamy and spicy and delicious. Wings are cooked long enough here to render out some fat and crisp up.Nice direct service as well. Got me in and out for lunch like a champ.
5	In for bowl game. Awesome wings. Great fries. Good beers. Awesome service.  Highly recommend.
