5	Food is good love the wings
5	I LOVE chicken wings!  I have ordered chicken wings at just about every restaurant I have dined at.  My family and I decided to pay a visit to ATL Wings after passing by the restaurant on our way home the night before.  Let me tell you, I'm glad we did.Let's start with the obvious.. The food.  We ordered some "Seasoned" and "Honey BBQ" wings accompanied by some french fries and Fried Okra.  Both orders of chicken wings were freshly cooked.  You can really tell they were freshly made.  They were both slightly crunchy and evenly coated with the sauce/flavoring we chose.  The "Seasoned" wings reminded me so much of the wings they used to serve at VooDoo Daddy's.  For those of you who know what I'm talking about, the wait is finally over.  Your prayers have been answered.  I, myself went through withdrawals when VooDoo Daddy's closed down for good.  I craved those wings.  The "Honey BBQ" wings were perfectly made.  There is nothing I can even criticize.  I can't wait to try out all 14 different varieties of wings they offer.The fries were "crinkle cut".  I get nervous when I see this style of fry, since most places tend to undercook them for some reason.  This place is the exception.  The fries were cooked to perfection.  They were a great accompaniment to the wings.  We also gave their Fried okra a try.  Again, they knocked it out of the park.  They were evenly breaded and fried precisely the way they should be.  We were so impressed with our meal that we placed a second order of wings.  We also took a leap of faith and ordered their Spicy Tater Tots (with diced jalapenos infused within the tot) and Mac N' Cheese Bites (fried).  Both of those sides were delicious.  The service was great.  The people that work there are very personable and sincere.  You can really tell that they take pride in their restaurant and their product.  The dining area was clean and comfortable.  If you are the kind of Yelper that partly judges restaurants by their bathrooms, I can tell you that their bathrooms are immaculate.  I will certainly be back to this restaurant.  Give them a try..  You won't be disappointed.I can't wait to go back and try out their fried fish and shrimp.
2	Ok so wanted to try this place out since I heard they were really good so I did and man I should have gotten the whole scoop on how long there wings take. After 45 minutes I asked what was wrong with our order especially cause there was only three other customers in there the employee went ahead and told me they threw my wings away cause the other ones were too small. I was like really I would have taken it by the end of the hour we finally got our wings and compensated by giving me one wing extra. Needless to say we ended up going to another restaurant and getting served fast. Call ahead an hour and you'll be ok there wings are good but an hour for ten wings maybe not...
5	Found my wing place!! Recommended by my cousin Jose T. and yes this place will be a one of my go to places.  I had the Seasoned and Habanero Honey wings and they were amazing.  My favorite wings in AZ were from this place called Voodoo daddy's and since they closed down a couple years, I never had any other place come close until I tried their 'Seasoned' wings today. I was so happy, I almost thanked God out loud but I did it quietly in my head because I was busy eating!.I also had their fried okra which was also very good. Usually other places I get okra its greasy and goes soft but there's is not and very crispy even after when I brought it home after an hour. The type of wings they make are crispy and they have stayed crispy after taking some home after a couple hours also.I'm going back again, probably tomorrow to try out their catfish and other seafood dishes.  My order did not take long at all, maybe 10 minutes and the staff was really nice.   Though I can't really drink sugary stuff, I saw that they had free refills of kool aid and sweet tea which was cool.
5	I work around the corner, and clients kept bringing in wings, so we stopped in. OMG! First, we were greeted with friendly, smiling faces.  They were closed, but we were still catered to as if the kitchen was still serving.  Cianna, one of the owners, was extremely personable, as we stayed beyond our welcome.  I was leary of the place since the location sat vacant for such a long time. The place is immaculent. No stains on the floor, tables and counter clean, and I love how you can see in the kitchen.  Everyone that was there that evening had smiles!Now, to get down to the food! OMG, OMG, O-M-G!!! I got just some seasoned wings. They were delicious!! The fries are on point, but the honey biscuit, that honey biscuit, is just ignorant (in a good way). There is no way that a deep fried biscuit drenched in honey should taste sooooo good. That biscuit made my eyes roll to the back of my head. There are so many things on the menu that I will be back to try them out.  Can't wait to be blessed with another day so I can get my eat on!PS I'm gonna have every one of my clients in there!!!
5	We tried the Ranch Wings today, on the recommendation of my bro-in-law Robert D.  He sent me a text and described them as being "bomb".. and guess what, they really are.  They are LEGIT!!My cousin Michael T. recommended the Seafood Platter and Catfish.  I suspect that I will be trying those really soon.I'm such  fan of this place that my Uncle offered to take me and whoever was at my house on my birthday over there for lunch.  What a treat!  We got to try all our usual favorites, along with Sweet Potato Fries, Garlic Parmesan Wings, and Garlic Pepper Wings.. all of which were winners.  The Seasoned Wings are still my favorite!The people that work there are still the friendliest around!*************************************FACT:Cousin Shaun S. ate at ATL Wings today.At 4:01, cousin Michael T. went to ATL Wings to try the Catfish Dinner.  I texted him to ask him how it was and he texted back, "F'n good!"At around 5:30, I went there with my fam to pick up dinner.At around 7PM, my bro-in-law Robert D.  Had dinner there with his lady.  This is just one day.  HAHA!  Our family loves the food here.  No just our family, but ever single person we have recommended ATL Wings to has given us seriously excellent feedback on their food.
4	Shit was good, but kinda pricey. 14 bucks for 10 wings, Kool-aid, and fried Okra. For 14 bones, I can quench the thirst of a decent sized village in Africa with Kool-Aid. Employees were very cool, and made suggestions, which I love. I got good vibes from ATL Wings, and will be back-
5	Arrived in town on March 22.  I had a feeling this was a hot, new spot because a couple friends were checking in here 2-3 times a week.  My friend Michael T. mentioned we'd stop by when I got hungry.  It was a great way to end my first day in town.I ordered the seasoned wings, sweet potato fries, and a grape Kool-Aid.  The wings were crispy, meaty, and seasoned perfectly.  You could tell they were cooked fresh.    The same could be said about the sweet potato fries.  They were fresh and crispy.  Washing that all down with grape Kool-aid just made everything better.  The Kool-Aid is a little spendy at $2.99, but you get free refills so drink away.I will definitely be frequenting this place on a regular basis.  I'm looking forward to trying out the other wing flavors and other stuff on the menu.
5	LADIES AND GENTLEMEN WE HAVE A WINNER.  I saw this place while driving a friend home.  I hooked a sharp right to get into the parking lot not even thinking I might hit a car.I am a wing man.  I love wings.  I will eat the shit out of wings.  I haven't really found a place that have the whole package... until now.I ordered for me and my family, 15 wings (garlic pepper and honey habenero) a 3 piece catfish dinner (which was enough for 4 people) fried mac n cheese kids meal and honey biscuits.  Where do I start?First off we didn't eat there.  I brought it home.  I thought it would loose flavor and quality by the time I got it home.  IT DIDN'T.  They did an AMAZING job packaging it.  Everything was packaged separate so no food touched another food.  That included the fries that came with it.  Even the fries lived!The honey biscuits are OUT OF THIS WORLD.  AMAZING GOOEY GOODNESS.  I will order a bunch of those for thanksgiving if I have to.  The garlic pepper wings were some of the best wings I have ever had in my entire life.  The seasoning was a dry rub.  They tasted nothing like I've ever tasted before.  The honey habenero were not as hot as I would have imagined but the flavor was top notch.My wives catfish was AMAZING.  The breading and seasoning was perfect.  I think I know why everything tasted so good....  The cooks behind the counter knew that preparing the food was NOT A RACE.  They took their time and made sure everything came out at the same time and went the extra mile to make sure they did it right.  Everyone who worked behind the counter were so polite and informative.  They let my know how my order was coming almost every minute.. "I dropped the catfish, it will take 2 minutes to cook, then I'll sauce the wings"  Meanwhile someone was bagging up all the condiments and sides so they were ready to go before the food was ready.I could tell by all the metal bowls and sauce containers with handwritten labels, everything is made in house and from scratch.  Nothing looked like it was ordered from a supplier.  They took ingredients and made it from scratch.The price was reasonable and the portions were amazing.  My wife took the other half of her catfish to work with her.  Bottomline, I will return.  I will support this company.  I will tell my friends about it.Please go here and enjoy it!
4	I don't eat wings but I served them at a party and everyone loved them.
4	ATL Wings is probably in the top two or three for the east valley.  I can only think of one for sure that I do like a little better than ATL....ProsBig Wings - Unlike the one biters at a local chain restaurant (that shall remain nameless), these wings are a good size.  In addition, it's all meat.... not that chewy junk you find at some places.Good Sauces - Their sauce and spices are good.  I've a had a couple of different flavors and was happy with them both.ConsPrice - A little bit expensive for wings.  I think 10 wings is around 9 bucks.Wait Time - I know people say they will wait for freshness... but dang! I'd recommend calling your order in.  It wasn't even overly busy when I went in, they are just very very slow in turning tickets.
4	This was my 2nd time coming back here  so i wanted to see what some other wings tasted like from here. I went with the Cajun hot an sweet potato fries. These were on point competing with long wongs which is right down the street.
5	I have died and went to WING HEAVEN!!!! No doubt the best wings I have had !! Hubby and I were on our way to get a friend when she was running late and boy I am happy she was! We stopped and thought lets get a bite to eat and try something new, We ordered 15 wings, 1/2 Cajun & 1/2 Garlic Parm, with an order of Sweet Potato Fries...The time to get our food was a little longer than I liked but after tasting them I see why it takes time for perfection..I won't complain..after we were almost done eating a gentleman stopped at out table and asked how we liked it, we told him how wonderful it was, he said don't leave I have dessert for you...I was thinking so sweet that was, then he brought these little balls of heaven to our table along with the powder sugar & cinnamon & honey.. OMG they were melt in your mouth delish!!!! I could have eaten dozens!They have soda by the can but they do sell Kool-Aid on tap...I thought that was a great ideaTo say the least I think they have the best wings, service and honey balls.. YOU gotta try this place! I know I will be a regular!
5	OH MY GAWD-  is what comes out of my wings stuffed mouth EVERY TIME I eat the honey habanero wings.  Even though I have only been twice(doesn't seem like enough right?!), Each time I eat these messy little wings of delight(And YES i lick my finger after each wing is devoured),  the experience of the flavor and meat to bone ratio is beyond satisfying.  Last time I tried the mild wings (since My boyfriend cant handle hot wings) they had some good spice but myself personally could go way hotter than that. So I still have yet to try more flavors because I am always so tempted to just get the honey habanero but want to try more flavors at the same time.The second trip convincing my boyfriend to come with made my wait time for this delicious masterpiece less boring also because we talked to the owner the whole time which I always always ALWAYS love because I believe that owners that have great relationships with their customers make a successful business(+1); like I have said time and time again! When owners lose that bond with customers you lose out on more customer flow In my opinion.  The place has TVs to watch ESPN while you wait(+1) , Two different refrigerators(Coca cola and Pepsi) with the correct products in both(+1)(My stepdad has worked for coca cola my whole life practically so I notice everything that has to do with soda) Kool aid and Sweet Tea(haven't tried yet either shockingly)(+1) and Desserts, specials and Catfish(On steroids says my BF because they are such big pieces) !On my second trip I ordered 10 honey habanero and 5 sweet and tangy but whatever they put under the honey habanero i am not positive if they were really the sweet and tangy because I didn't taste sweet or tangy, just salt.  I love salty stuff but it just wasn't exactly what I was expecting or loved nearly as much as the honey habanero.  But everyone has different taste obviously.  It doesn't affect my thoughts on how much I Love this place and they got my business and boyfriends and friends business forever and will promote new places such as this every chance I get!!!!  It would be awesome if they could open up a bigger spot like BWW with a bar so they can play the fights I would much rather go there than BWW any day just because the staff is beyond nice compared to any wing spot I have been too and Lolo's in Phoenix and Scottsdale combined.Update:05/08/2012: A word of caution, if you received a text from atl wings about .50 cent wing tuesdays from 4-9pm make sure you ask about it unlike myself who paid full price not really realizing until i had left and didn't feel like going back asking so late.  The honey biscuits remind me of dense crispy gooey donuts i would have to share them with others because eating all those to myself plus 6 wings i feel like im in a severe food acoma now. delicious and dense.
4	So I got home on Thursday night from work and I see that the kids hadn't cleaned the kitchen and I though well I'm not cooking for them they can fend for themselves! Again they really are not "kids" 16, 18 & 20, so don't feel too bad for them.  So I texted my wing luvin friend and told her I am in the mood for wings, about 3 weeks ago she told me about this great wing place up the street from me that she & her hubby found & swear she has been their at least 2 to 3 times a week since then, so she picked me up and off we went to ATL Wings!Before I even get to the food, let me tell you what impressed me, the service! Outstanding service, and not just to us, but to everyone who entered there.  It's great to go to a place that really appreciates you stopping by and giving them a chance.  They didn't even look at me funny when I was snapping pics of the place like the crazed Yelper I am lol Love a place that has great service, that will keep me coming back for sure!It was time to order, and I saw they have a honey habanero and thought oh yea let's see what this is all about, you know I just love it with my lips are burning so I was looking forward to the heat! I ordered 10 chicken bites (boneless wings) with the honey habanero and asked for them to be saucy, with some french fries. Now I ordered the boneless wings, because I like the meat, and I have ordered wings many times just to be ripped on the price because the wings they severed where as if they came from some ganish hens and not chicken ya know. But I was wrong, I saw the size of the wings my friend got and you do not get ripped on the wings, they have nice meaty wings! Now the honey habanero sauce was good, it was a perfect blend of heat & sweet and very great in flavor, I could have gone for them to be a tab bit hotter, but they are great!  Next time I will try the Cajun hot, oh I bet that will get me cryin :)  Also tried a garlic parmesan damn that was good too! And their spicy tator tots delish!!  I know next time to get those instead of the fries! Also they have Kool Aid on tap, and I love that!! For your sweet tooth I highly recommend ordering some Honey Biscuits, which are like balls of dough, not too heavy but just right, fried and sitting on top a bed of honey, but wait!!! You also can add cinnamon and powder sugar to the top of the biscuits and BAM! You got heaven!!! So sweet and perfectly yummy, might be sad when you see they are all gone, I know I was haha Yep ATL Wings you got a new fan!
5	These wings are deelish! They are so meaty and well seasoned. I had honey BBQ got 20 wings for 13 bucks, and the honey biscuits made me melt.  These are made upon order and do take some time, so if you are in a rush call ahead otherwise, plan on waiting at least 25 minutes for your order.  I signed up for their text messages and now am alerted on ther specials: 50 cent wing Tuesdays 4-9.
4	This place is a good little find. The Honey habanero wings are awesome and the honey biscuts are a must have. The wings are big and crisp on the outside. Sauces are not very hot but have good flavor.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.
4	Wings were pretty yummy. I got seasoned wings and my boyfriend got ranch wings. They were both very well seasoned and not saucy which I loved. French fries were good and large big enough to share. Only downside is the seasoned wings were very greasy...but we will be back.
5	OOOOOWWWEEEE!! Have yall tried ATL Wings yet!!! If not what are you waiting for!  They are the BOMB Diggity!I don't know why I haven't updated my review either, so here I go! The honey habanero are still my #1 but I also love the Cajun Hot!  Holy Crap!! Get some of the Cajun Hot wings and some ranch and their hot sauce on the side, dip your wing in the ranch and then the hot sauce and watch out!! The only time you really feel the burn is when you're no longer eating, gums & tongue just be blaze hot and mouth just be water for more, yes my friends that's the heat I love!!Luv me some wings from ATL!
4	The wings are great! Service is a little slow. The workers were pleasant.
5	2 things in this life I cannot stand it is Parmesan cheese and fish. I walked in one day excited to try something different. I ordered garlic pepper wings. I was served garlic parmesan by accident. Thank God that happened. They were delicious. On a second visit, I invited friends to join. One of them ordered catfish. They asked me to try it, which I replied no. After a while, peer pressure cracked me. Let's just say, next time I will be asking for their order of catfish... 14 flavors of wings, topped off with a side order of honey biscuits. Can't beat it! Thanks Mike for bringing ATL to the area!!!
4	To echo what a number of Yelpers have already said, the wings here are, in a word, LEGIT. Envision me as MC Hammer pantomiming the 2 Legit 2 Quit hand jive, except I'll add the final move of sucking wing sauce off my sticky mitt. After dining at ATL Wings, you'll want to do the same.The best thing about the wings here are that they are crispy and they are sauced right. I won't advise on what's the best flavor, because everyone has their preferences, but you can't go wrong by sampling a bunch of their 14 different wing flavors. You may even find a new favorite. I'm leaning towards the Citrus Chipotle and the Sweet 'n' Tangy, but then I haven't tried them all.A note about the Sweet 'n' Tangy wings. Not really sweet nor tangy... but delicious nonetheless. I would say that these are more salty and sweet, with a soy-sauce-forward note. I found myself strangely addicted to these and unable to quit stuffing them down my grateful gullet.I pray I will return to ATL Wings many times and try all their different styles of wings. But that's why we pray... we got to pray just to make it today. (Dear Lord, that's two MC Hammer references in the same Yelp review. I am no longer responsible for my own actions...)
5	This is what I love about Yelp. I discovered ATL Wings while looking for a new lunch spot for myself and a coworker and ran across this high ranking wing joint. Pictures looked good and based on the reviews we got the Honey Habanero and Parmesan Garlic wings with some onion rings and I had to get the grape Kool-aid. Holy crap! Those were some of the best wings that I have ever had.Honey Habanero: the sweet honey taste hits ya right away and then a little heat comes in. I was expecting a little more heat but the flavor is so great that is doesn't matter. These a sticky wet finger licking wings.Parmesan Garlic: the parmesan flavor is intense at first then the garlic kicks in and the two flavors go perfectly together. These are dry wings which went perfect with the saucy honey habanero. The wings are big and meaty and everything a perfect wing should be. I can't wait to go here again and try the catfish.
5	YESSIR! It's a shame (or a blessing) this place isn't close to me... The people here are super friendly and the food is on point!Had the mac and cheese bites... pretty much made me want to slap someone in the face because of the fried cheesy goodness. My favorite flavors so far are the seasoned and parmesan garlic wings!
5	This place has the crispiest wings like you never seen.  Once again, I was referred by a coworker and they were absolutely some of the best wings I've had in Az.  We ordered the  honey habanero which were very good and sweet and tangy, very delicious, coupled with the parmesan garlic which was very good with a blast of parmesan taste to compliment to the sweet.  After I nearly ate myself to sickness I washed it down with some of that awesome purple kool aid. Diamonds in the rough like this place are actually what drew me to Yelp.   I will be a regular when I need my wing fix.  Oh, and we were treated to some honey biscuits at the end and that really sealed the deal.  Deep fried and as sweet as Mama's kisses.  I love this place and will recommend it to anyone looking for some good wings.
5	Fantastic wings. We had the seasoned and the garlic parm which are both yummy. Nice wings with good meat on them and not fatty. The people were very friendly that work there and even gave us a sample of the honey biscuits! Great food and worth the wait.
5	***THIS IS AN UPDATE OF MY PREVIOUS REVIEWS FOR ATL WINGS***I think I've pretty much tried 90% of the menu.My favorites are still the Seasoned and Honey Habanero wings.  Like I said VooDooDaddy's wings held a special place in my heart, and ATL's Seasoned wings are the second coming.  I've tried both the fried catfish and the fried tilapia.  The tilapia is smaller, but I prefer them because of the flavor.  I've tried the Fisherman's Platter and it is tasty.  Fried flounder, shrimp, scallops, and fries + cole slaw.  The main reason I decided to update my review is because I have noticed that there are some people that are so hung up on how long the food takes to make sometimes.  The food is made-to-order.  Sometimes they get people who order a few dozen wings, sometimes, they get people who order party platters that consist of 100 wings.  ATL's wings are so good that they are RAPIDLY outgrowing their facility.  They are in need of a larger restaurant with a much larger kitchen with double or even triple the amount to fryers they currently have.    My advice:  CALL IN YOUR ORDER BEFORE HEADING OUT TO ATL WINGS!  Even if you plan to eat there,CALL IN YOUR ORDER!  It WILL take a while to get your food, but when you get your food, it will be delicious!  It's well worth the wait, but that doesn't mean you can't do the waiting in the comfort of your own home :)
5	I'd be shocked if there was a better wing place in AZ. The wings are out of this world. So are the honey biscuits. The prices are good too. Yes, there is a wait for your food. But I have no problem waiting for food prepared only AFTER I've ordered it. The honey habanero are the best. So are the garlic parm. You can tell they actually make their own sauces and don't just pour a bottle of who knows what on the wings. This place is worth the money and the wait. Seriously, you won't be disappointed.
5	I decided to come back and revise this. I love the wings. Love the girls that work there. They know me by name. Top it off they have a guilty pleasure Red Kool Aid. Season wings are my favorite. It's a popular place.  So call ahead and they'll have your order ready when you arrive.
3	I tried the garlic parmesan wings, honey haberno, and seasoned wings with ranch dressing. The menu was clear and it was a standard wing place. There were plenty of flavor to choose from. The wings were meaty with plenty of sauce. It reminded me of a better version of wing stop since it was cheaper, I believe 15 pieces of wings were around $11 and there was actual meat on it. I wish the sauces were all stronger. I was not impressed by the seasoned wings. The honey haberno had a kick to it for the first wing but then the haberno kind of died out. The garlic parmesan was okay, just the standard garlic parmesan. I wouldn't mind going to this place again if I was craving wings, I would try the other flavors though.
5	I'm sure Sunday morning a lot of folks were up dressed in their best to go to church.   My husband and I, on the other hand, were waiting outside Atl Wings at 5 mins. to 11:00 like a couple of patients with their brand new medical marijuana card waiting for the dispensary to open.  As soon as we walked in we were greeted by the friendly young woman working at the front counter and when I said we'd never been there before she showed us the menu and choice of flavors.  It's a little overwhelming so we chose the seasoned and the parmesan garlic flavors.  Also based on the other reviews we got an order of honey biscuits to try.While we waited I had to use the restroom and was impressed with how clean it was.  I don't mean just the floor was swept and the sink wiped off.  The WHOLE thing was clean.  How many times do you go into a restaurant bathroom and after you wash your hands you touch either the paper towel dispenser or the door handle and feel something that might be salad dressing?  It might be cheese?  It might be a cluster of infectious bacteria?  Whoever cleans these bathrooms wipes everything down.  That says a lot about the overall cleanliness of the joint.  This place was spotless.I'll get carpal tunnel if I type about how good the wings were in detail, just suffice it to say they were fried perfectly crisp, while still being moist inside.  I can't wait to try the other flavors.  Both of the ones we had were great!  When I mentioned that it's kind of weird to have wings without beer (on a Sunday no less!!) the woman who took our order said they are working on a liquor license.  That would be great if you are so inclined to have a cold tasty adult beverage with your wings.  We got the cinnamon and powdered sugar (each 50 cents extra) with our biscuits and that was a decadent treat to have honey-drizzled warm biscuits and then sprinkle the cinnamon and sugar on them.  It smelled like my grandma's kitchen on Sunday and they tasted heavenly.  So I think in a way, we did find religion on Sunday.  I'm convinced that if anyone wrote a negative review for this place, they are somehow affiliated with the Long John Silver's right next door, or the Domino's across the street.  Hallelujah for Atl Wings!
5	Tried this place tonight and they have some of the best wings I have tasted.  The fried okra and the mac and cheese bits were excellent also! I will be back again when I'm in the area and recommend this place to all my friends!
1	Let me start off by saying I'm not a big Yelper, I leave this to my husband Eric.  So, he tells me about this new place called "ATL Wing's and the great reviews in the city of Chandler,AZ.  I was happy to see the bathrooms were clean when I was there and this should not be taken lightly.  We purchased the garlic parmasean wings, the sweet and tangy wings, a catfish dinner, popcorn shrimp, macaroni and cheese bites, and this dessert called honey biscuits?  To me this was just your ordinary everyday wing shop.  We went based on the reviews from Yelpers.  I was not impressed and quite frankly a bit disappointed.  Things just don't sit well on my stomach when I'm told "Everything is Fried".   ***EAT WITH CAUTION**  it's true, everything is fried and sugared up, they didn't even have regular ice tea with lemon, just sweet tea,  kool-aid and crystal light.  Oh yea, you can forget about the light in crystal because they added sugar to this too.  The wings didn't have much flavor beyond the sauce, the cat fish didn't look or taste like cat fish and this dessert was nothing but a fried biscuit.   My thoughts "FFF" "FRIED FAIR FOODS, there's a reason why the fair only comes to town once or twice a year, this is clearly fair food at its best.  This is not the type of food you want to consume on a regular basis, unless you want sugar diabetes, high blood pressure, obesity or colon cancer.  I will not go back to this place or recommend it to anyone. Make sure you are going to your yearly doctor checkups if this place is a regular for you.
3	Yelp,Hey ya'll,After many and I mean many Yelper's have posted about this place at 5 stars, I had to go and see for myself.  First off glad to see that new small businesses are opening up in the area and glad to see black owned businesses too, so here we are to support your business and Yelp you out!Location: well it's not located in my neck of the woods, but we are always willing to travel for a bite to eat, plus 5 stars I'm there...wit da quickness!Third, I was impressed that it looked so nice from the outside Good job!! ATL.Then, I ran in to check the restrooms and wash my hands, before reviewing the menu.  Restrooms were very clean.. but I noticed no toilet liners might want to add those (ATL) but very clean none the less and all the other things were in order.With my hands clean I made my way to the counter only  to be greeted by a young lady with a big smile and was so willing to go over everything with me. sweet this, deep fried dat, Kool Aid huh! battered! Whoop whoop, man I was like there goes my diet.  So, I went all out, ol school .. give me 30 wings, ahhh garlic and parmesan cheese then make 1/2 of those sweet and tangy, (sounds like Kate Williams said it, huh?) 1 catfish dinner, fried mac and cheese, popcorn shrimp, Cole slaw, french fries, and then we ordered those sweet biscuits WHAT ARE THEY YOU ASK? (okay take a pack of .99 cents store biscuits remove 5 deep fry in oil, drain pour on honey TA DAAAA! your done. Oh then I asked for the hook up which is a tsp of cinnamon and a tsp of powered sugar for an additional .50 cents each $1.00 USD, man!  got me me on that one fa sho! 1 large Kool Aid (grape of course, my son, he never had it before) and he's 14, then the wife asked for non-sweeten tea with lemon and it felt like the entire place stood still, OMG the only drinks are sweet tea, 3 flavors of Kool Aid and the some Crystle light  (but that Crystle light was sugared up too) so the wifey got the Crystel light and the young lady did tell us they had canned drinks just to be truthful, but, I choose the water due to the amount of sugar in the food. I can't have both and I'm looking forward to seeing my son graduate from high school.  I looked around the kitchen area and there were 3 men working as hard as could be, one guy was wiping everything down, I like that, it showed that they knew, with an open kitchen you better keep it clean.  Cause them Yelper's be on the grind.Okay folks lets keep YELP perfectly honest, over all this is not food that deserves 5 stars.  Come on people, this fast food at its best! Yes they have a friendly staff, and  yes its just wings and deep fried "fair food" but its not top notch cooking. Just average is what it is with friendly folks cooking and serving you, drop that sack and taste it sober...you'll see what I mean.I thought 4 to 5 stars stood for excellence a place that goes the extra mile in preparation, thought and show some culinary expertise that would open your mind with foods that delight your pallet, message your soul and blow your tongue out your mouth; have you feeling like it was your first time you remember that. That's a 5 stars spot lets not just throw it around every time we go out for snacks. Oh, and before I go I mentioned to them I YELP, do to all the photos I was taking (as if I was casing the joint) then I was offered a free treat of deep fried cheese cake topped with my choice of Hershys chocolate or strawberry slisurup""maybe as a way of bribing me... or just a nice gesture. I'll let you decide.On the last note: for the folks that say this was fresh cooked food "you are stoned" or just plain nuts I have been cooking professionally over 20 years, and its all store bought and docked up! Period!!!  unless they name is Hershey's...." I wont Yelp if I wont be honest each and every time"It was hard to be so honest because they were very nice folks,...
5	I went back here again last night .  I ordered the catfish dinner and got two hand breaded fillets of fresh catfish that was perfectly seasoned and absolutely delicious. It was served with fries and only $8.99. It was the best fried fish I have had in a long time!
5	I typed "Hot Wings" in my mobile yelp app & seen great reviews about the wings at this place so family & I decided to venture 16 miles to try this joint. We ordered the Teriyaki, Hot & Honey Habanero Wings along with a side of Crinkle Fries & some Kool Aid. Fellow Yelpers were right! Crisp juicy mouth watering  flavors hit the spot. The Honey Habanero was everyone's favorite. These wings put other competitors to shame because of the size, flavors & being perfectly cooked. Others are right though about waiting awhile for your food,but once you have it you forget what you are waiting for. I highly recommend giving this place a shot. We will be back soon to try other flavors and items on the menu.
5	" dayum gina" "finger-lickin good" "OMG"These don't even begin to describe the food here. Lemme start with the menu: I posted a photo for all to see but you have at least 15-18 different flavors to choose from between seasonings and sauces, oodles of sides from fries, fried okra, Mac and cheese bites, corn bites aka hush puppies, etc etc etc.For drinks they have soda, tea and (drumroll please) KOOL AID!!!Oh yes my friends I said it.So now that I've briefed you, lemme tell you what we got.Wings of course. The best flavor to tantalize my tongue so far....LEMON PEPPER! Oh yes- seasoned perfectly, crunchy in all the right places.I also tried the garlic parmesan and seasoned flavors as well. Very good but you see the LP got my #1 vote We also got a side of fries which were good too!Now for my last item of review you must excuse my profanity But the Honey Biscuits were orgasmic!Think beignet/donut drizzled in honey and sprinkled with powder sugar.Hot damn, next time im feeling lonely, ATL wings just prepare me an order of your honey love!You won't be disappointed!Like they say at the restaurants:Good food takes time. We aren't slow, your just impatient!Hahahah hell yea I'm ready for these wingz
1	Wow, I'm Shocked how many people gave this place 5 Stars. They must not know what good wings or good fish taste like Or they work there and are putting up fake reviews.. The wings were not that bad not great but not bad. The fish I didn't want to eat the whole this way to salty no good favor just taste old and salty. For what you get I feel it's a little over priced but everywhere is getting to be like that. Will not go back again
5	Everyone rates pretty high...and they are right on. The negative reviewers are I think looking for something else. One was whining about Fried food. Hello...it's a wing joint! The other negative review was similar...so it is what it is! A Fantastic Place for WINGS with Flavors coming to please nearly every Tongue!!!We have been here three times. Not nearly enough but unfortunately we just don't plan for enough time. Yes they cook to order and that takes a while! Doesn't it take a while when you cook your dinner at home!??? Seee? Now lets hear no more whining about how long it takes!First time here I had the Chicken Fingers but had them add Hot Wing sauce. They asked did I want to dip them myself...NOPE...I want them coated just like the wings! That was NO prob! The family wanted an assortment of different wing flavs...another fam member just wanted a plain chicken sammy. All food Yummmmy!When we were finishing up they came out and asked how our food was and if we had heard about their "biscuits?" Ummm....NO. They brought us these hot gooey bites with powdered sugar and honey. I would not call this a biscuit...it's more like something between a scone and a beneit. They are amazing...just don't burn your mouth...! Anyhow the next time we ate here I had the Tilapia and Shrimp...OMG was this wonderful. Perfectly cooked fish and Shrimp...the Shrimp were HUGE...like bigger than my thumb and the Tilapia was flavorful and flakey. The seasoning was a blackened/cajun flavor that was not overpowering. The coleslaw I had was perfect. Flavor awesome...not to wet or dry. My family loves the Kool aid option. I have no idea why. Personally I can't stand the stuff. But you can drink all ya like. I like the 20oz soda option and bottled water selection.Side dishes here are varied from fried okra to fried mac n cheese and more. Their menu is pretty varied actually. But as the other reviewers say...either order ahead and eat in or take it home with you. They really do cook from scratch.The staff is sooo friendly...helpful...and very educated about their product! They don't Just Work There! They Know what they are doing. Oh and be sure to download their APP for your phone. It contains a punchcard ! So every visit they electronically mark your visit and after 10 you get free food! You can order from your phone and they text your with deals. Believe it or not I just as I'm typing got the Tuesday Deal of the DaY..right NOW! LOL...great timing!Go Eat ! All you have to lose is the money in your wallet time and time again cos you will go back time and time again! And take your friends cos they will LOVE you for taking them there!!!!!!!
5	I can't believe I haven't rated this before.  LOVE LOVE LOVE the food here.  Kool-aid on tap!   NOM!  I do have to say that I don't eat wings, but my bf does EVERYWHERE and this is one of his faves.  His 7 year old said they have the best food she's had anywhere!  She is a picky little princess too!I get to nosh on all of the other deliciousness they offer... try them all!  We will be back again and again and again!
5	My wife and I ate there for lunch today.  When we walked through the door we were immediately greeted.  I had the honey habanero wings and my wife had the hot wings.  They were cooked perfectly!  The skin was crispy and sauced perfectly.  We also got a side of mac n cheese bites, onion rings and fries.  All of the sides were delicious especially he mac n cheese bites which I highly recommend.  I would definitely eat here again.
5	ATL is easily on its way towards a Best of Phoenix issue....seriously good wings. I have tried lots of different wings from around the city thanks to my bf who is always on the hunt for the best wings. Atl easily just jumped to the top of our go to list. We went with Seasoned, Lemon Pepper and Garlic Parmesan. A-H-H-Mazzzing. Fried hard and crisp and seasoned perfectly. No sauce even required. The quality of the chicken is great and you can taste it also there is nothing puny about these wings either.Kool-Aid on tap and lots of other menu options like fish, chicken fingers, okra, mac n cheese, honey biscuits with honey and powdered sugar etc..GO here and fall in love, you wont regret it.
4	Everyone else here touting how amazing the wings are, they're spot on.Decent prices. Nice staff. Great food.The only thing that I'd change is that they don't have a soda fountain. They do have 3 koolaid fountains, which may or may not tickle your fancy.I like blue.
4	Like another reviewer said, these guys have wings bigger than most restaurants/bars. They also offer a wide variety of sauces to choose from. We tried the Honey BBQ, Sweet & Tangy and the Cajun Hot. The Honey BBQ is your standard flavor and mild enough for nearly every temperament. The Sweet & Tangy was interesting, but my least favorite of the three. We were told it's a mix of the lemon pepper and another honey-based sauce. My favorite was the Cajun Hot. It didn't sacrifice flavor for heat (bonus points) and complemented the Honey BBQ. I like to go back and forth between a mild and a hot, and those two flavors did the trick. They'll give you one sauce per 5 wings, so I split the 15 pack with my gf. We were so full and didn't need any sides.Least I forget, you get to wash it all down with your choice of red, blue and purple Kool-Aids that include an extra refill. So good and refreshing. Be ready for that sugar rush! The staff was really friendly and the place was fairly busy for a Sunday afternoon.Though they do have two TV's up, I wish they were a restaurant or bar. I rarely go somewhere for just wings, but this place might just bring me back once in a while.Similar establishment: Wingstop (http://www.yelp.com/biz/wingstop-mesa)
4	What does a guy look for in a wing?  Crispy?  Yes.  Flavorful options?  Indeed.  Healthy size?  Sure.  Kool Aid on the side?  Why not?  Listen, the only reason ATL Wings isn't getting a 5th star today is the fact that we ordered them to go and then waited for 45 minutes.  I think they had a couple people call in sick, or something, but that's just too long to ask anyone to wait with all those smells punching you in the nose-hole.  I tried the Mac n' Cheese bites, they were good.  The Honey Biscuits reminded me of mini-scones from the fair where I grew up in Idaho - MUST ORDER!  I will be back - but you better believe I'll call ahead with my order to avoid the wait.
5	best wings in town, hands down.
4	I'm huge fan of this place. Its tough for me and my wife to Love this place due to the Gilty feeling of bad eating we get after visiting this establishment. The food is Outstanding and I've liked everything except the Catfish fried. My wife enjoys the catfish, but I think its lacking flavor, however they fry it to a cripy golden brown crust. I could just eat the crust and forget the fish. We've been twice now and I'm sad to say that we pretty much ordered the same things twice. The garlic parmesan wings and honey habenero wings are our favorites (of course we haven't tried any others, so take it with a grain of salt) catfish, corn nuggets, fried okra, french fries, and coleslaw. And to finish it all off...the best Biscuits of all time, if you consider a biscuit a French dougnut.(beignet) a biscuit. Seriously the best thing ever, but you feel pretty guilty afterwards. My recommendation is to hit the gym prior to going so you don't feel so guilty! But what ever you do, GO......
4	Great wings and good ranch.  The Blue Cheese dressing is not worth mentioning.  The seasoned, and garlic Parmesan make you want to inhale the wing.  I am not a fan of the sweet things so the tea and the Kool-Aid are not at all desirable to me.  Their french fries are very good.  Fresh cut and fried to order.  They sprinkle a little salt and serve them.  Simple yet very tasty with their sauces.Since Ny Boyz closed down they have the best garlic Parmesan in town and the seasoned have a very unique flavor that is different from any other place in the Metro area.  Service was very good.  The young lady at the counter was very polite and more importantly remembered my name the whole time I was there (impressive).  This place would be a five if they had a few more drink options.  Canned soda, and over sweetened tea and Kool-Aid options are not my cup of tea (no pun intended).  Hopefully they open a location downtown or closer to The Veen.
5	Stopped in to grab some awesome wings. I live about 10 miles away and I pass a dozen other wing places to get here but this place is so much better. We always get the plain "Seasoned" and the Lemon Pepper and Garlic Parmesan every time plus a couple other flavors to try. Super friendly folks!Update - I finally tried the catfish and it is AMAZING!
5	I've been passing ATL Wings on my trips around Chandler and the bright red logo certainly caught my eye. I'm always up for a new wing experience so on a Friday afternoon I stopped in. This cafeteria style eatery is bright and cheery and immaculate. The interior graphics certainly lend to the unique flavor of the place and full view of the clean and well lit kitchen assure you that this place values their equipment and the product they turn out. Two things I liked about the menu right away were the variety of wing flavors and the reasonably priced wing amounts you are able to order. You can get anywhere from a ten piece order on up to orders for huge party. Plus, they had no problem splitting the ten piece wing order we had into 2 different flavors. They don't only sell wings either. I had some of the best fried catfish I've had in years and the portions are huge. The catfish came with fires and cole slaw and these side orders were excellent as well. Plus I had some fried okra and it was done very well. I could taste the okra and there was a slight spicy flavor but the breading wan't overpowering and the okra wasn't soggy. Back to the catfish... it was flaky and delicious, again not rubbery or overdone. I suspect they use fresh catfish and bread the orders as they come in and don't use frozen prefab stuff. It was great!The gal at the desk taking orders was extremely friendly and helpful and advised on the order so we could get what we wanted and made suggestions. The place had steady business and there were a lot of phone in orders coming in and being picked up but she was smooth sailing all the way. This is a family business and you can tell they are proud of what they do and the food they offer. For a ten piece order of wings, a side of fries, a 2 piece catfish meal with fries and coleslaw and a side of fried okra plus a soda it was 23 bucks. That's more than reasonable for the amount of food and the QUALITY of food we received. I'll be back for sure!
5	Yelp, you came through for me again!  Stopped by right before closing and got a 10-piece of tangy-sweet chicken wings with blue cheese dressing.  The staff was friendly, and the interior was no-frills and clean.  The price was reasonable (much cheaper than BWW and FAR better food). The wings were crispy, juicy and succulent.  I could have eaten them all myself, but I shared with my cousin, who was also a fan.  The only area for improvement was the blue cheese dressing, which was on the thin side, and the celery pieces, which were wimpy (but still fresh).  I will definitely be returning in the future (cue ominous music).
5	This place is fabulous. Truely a gem, in our neighborhood.
5	First off, I have to say I'm not normally a wings person. But, I saw the Yelp reviews and gave it a try. These were, by far, the best wings I've ever had. The extreme honey habanero were amazing and the garlic parmesan were even better. I mean these wings were nothing short of amazing. And the service was just as amazing... Super nice and they brought out their awesome honey biscuits for us to try. I hope they move to So Cal!
5	My fiance and I are all about our chicken wings, and ATL is as good as it gets. The honey habanero  and garlic Parmesan are our top picks. The spicy tator tots are a MUST have. They're some magical combination of tator tots and jalapeno poppers that I have to order every single time! Also, bonus points for carrying cans of Cactus Cooler.
5	Possibly the best wings I've ever had.The extra ranch is a little pricey but worth it.
5	Hands down, by far the best wings I have EVER had! They are perfectly crispy on the outside and Juicy meat inside and the sauces are out of this world!! I've never been a big wing fan until now. Tuesday date night is always at ATL wings.  There honey biscuits/sweet rolls and ridiculously delicious! There shrimp is fresh and amazing! And who dos t love kool aid on tap! The people are ALWAYS friendly. And I love the sign they have "we're not slow, your just impatient!" If you want fast food go to McDonald's! Trust me, this food is worth waiting for, and we have never waited more than 10 min.
1	I've heard lots of good things about this place, and since I was in the area today I thought I would swing in and grab a bite to see what all the hoopla was about.  The menu itself is ample with a variety of selection, but I swear I waited half a lifetime to place my order.  I was hungry and we were the only one's standing there, so I'm not sure what the holdup was, but I started getting ansy.  Eventually a lady took our order and we sat and waited while our food was prepped.I went with the 3 chicken strips, fries and a drink combo platter and my friend went with the wing plate himself.  Overall the food was good, but I was a little irritated with the long wait.  Also, part two of my experience was a combination of the crabby lady behind the counter who took our order and the bathroom situation. They kind of go hand in hand.  For starters, she was kind of rude and cold to me.  I wasn't sure why, but it got worse as the lunch went on.  my breaking point with her was when I tried to use the ladies room only to realize they were out of toilet paper. I came out to the counter to mention it to her, and I basically got completely blown off.  For starters, the guy mixing wings behind the counter totally ignored me when I started talking.  Then, the rude lady heard me, poked her head out from the back, saw me, and went back behind the wall to finish her conversation on her I phone. I couldn't wait any longer so I went into the men's room since apparently whatever I had needed was of no importance to her.After I was done, I came back around to the counter and she was done talking on her cell phone. I told her she was out of toilet paper in the ladies room, and she screamed over her shoulder to some guy to go take care of it.I can deal with a wait for the food, but the crabby lady just makes me think twice about coming back here, along with no toilet paper in the bathroom as well.  The food is okay, but I just don't know about doing a drive down here again for this place.....
3	Things I love about ATL:-The wings are crispy and there is variety aplenty (salivating seasoned ones, yum)-The side dishes (mac n cheese bites, okra, and sweet potato fries to name a few)-The fact that they allow all flats and mixing & matching in increments of 5-The fried desserts-The kool-aidThings I don't love: -The fact that I have to wait so long for my food, even after calling in my order to prevent that very occurrence-The automatic %18 gratuity that is added despite the fact orders are placed at the counter and there are no servers-The stomachache I get every time I dine here (fried/greasy/fattening=delicious, but ultimately leads to discomfort)Things I think could make it better:-Table games. Cards, dominoes, chess! Something to ease the 45 minute wait.-Table side tubs of tums
5	This is HANDS DOWN the best wings in the Phoenix area!  No other place compares so if you want the best chicken wings come here.  Catfish and the owner's grandma coleslaw recipe are amazing as well.  Expect the service to be slow but they take care of you and it is well worth the wait.  There is no comparison for the best wings in Phoenix!
3	I ordered chicken wings to go and it took forever. We had been the first in line when we entered and it took over 25 minutes for our food. So, obviously super Slow service. They charge you if you want more than one container of sauce. Really sad and pathetic celery with my wings. The wings tasted decent. I don't know what the big rave about this place was though.
5	After my favorite wings place closed down (NY boyz subs n wings), I tried the next winner of the Wingstock challenge. It's a little bit out of the way for me, but it was well worth the trip there. The chicken is incredibly crispy and juicy, the mac and cheese bites are amazing. The jalepeno poppers were my least favorite (honestly, Jack in the box does it better), but the size of the jalepenos are hefty and well worth the price.The honey biscuits are the BEST, if I were to come back here again, I would come back for the honey biscuits rater than the wings. It was soft, sweet, hot and delicious. It's a little bit on the expensive end, but it's a good alternative from places like hooters.
5	So I was going to head over to Buffalo Wild Wings yesterday with my wife and daughter, then I remember hearing about ATL Wings from a from, and thought I would give it a shot. Let's just say I won't be going to the other place anymore. Not only were the wings the best I've had, I came back the next day to get my coworkers ( and myself) some for lunch, and the owner remembered my name and what I had the day before when I asked for sauce suggestions. Anyway, best wings, great people!
5	I've passed this place since it opened, assuming it was just the latest crappy franchise wing place to pop up. That was dumb. I didn't know it was humanly possible to find wings this good anymore. Perfect crispy outside, perfect moist and tender inside, and your choice of over a dozen sauces ranging from the common to the unexpected. If you're anywhere near ATL Wings, go and get some awesome wings. Tony Bourdain would appreciate their mastery of the fryolated arts. Wings? Awesome. Fried okra? Fantastic. Every other fried thing I've tried? Good to great. The celery served with the wings is pretty sad, but I don't personally buy wings for the vegetables.
5	I have been seeing my friends check-ins to this place and have always wanted to try it. I went with my friend Monica and ordered 10 wings; lemon pepper and the other half were hot with some sweet tea. The sweet tea was way too sweet so I'm assuming the kool aid is also, yes they have kool aid!! I usually get my wings from long wongs which only takes cash so it can be a pain. I loved this place!!!  Loved that even though I only ordered 10 wings I could do split flavors , and they were crispy wings and great flavor. I wish there was a location here in tempe so I can go here for lunch
5	Love this place! The wings are crispy and huge. You got to try the Cajun hot if you like spicy wings and the seasoned are really good too. Tried the catfish sandwich on this trip was surprised that it came on regular sliced bread. It didn't matter though the catfish itself was cooked perfect. I bought a bottle of the Cajun hot sauce and threw it on there...so good.
2	I bought a few gift cards from my work for a few restaurants because they finally got rid all the restrictions, including an automatic 18% gratuity. ATL Wings was one of them.We checked out their website before going there for dinner. For me, I am able to judge a company's professionalism by taking a glance at what promotes them on the web. In addition, we wanted to see what the menu looked like. The website is pretty basic but what bothered me were all the spelling and grammar mistakes. Plus it looked like something a complete amateur put together. The menu looked...decent, although everything seemed fried.We made our way down to the establishment and found it in a worn down shopping area of Chandler. It's a small joint with a handful of tables, which many were full of people. However it didn't seem overly clean. The empty tables and chairs had pieces of food on them from earlier customers and the floor wasn't any better.  I was able to overlook the uncleanliness due to all the people who seemed to be enjoying their food. As we were waiting in line, I noticed a sign that says they will charge an 18% gratuity for any parties over five. Really!?  This isn't even a place where you have actual servers! It's a fast food joint! I think the owners think their establishment is fancier than it truly is. Even though there were only about 4 people in front of us, the wait was nearly 20 minutes just to place an order! It seemed a bit ridiculous. Even with the long line the girl behind the register actually stepped away to get the cooks more sauces. Shouldn't the cooks be doing this?  We finally placed our order; two 6 wing combos and a side of the mac and cheese bites. I handed her our gift certificate and this is where things really start going downhill for us. She was charging me the old 18% gratuity that should have been removed from their system; these restrictions were lifted.  Also, we had already used a couple of the other gift certificates for other restaurants and weren't charged any gratuity. This means the memo was sent out and either the owner of ATL Wings never read it or just ignored it. Based on another reviewer saying that the employees admitted they don't get any of the tips, I'm pretty sure it's the latter. I'm sorry, is this place owned by Amy from Amy's Bakery!? You don't tip out your employees if you're charging tips? Unbelievable...the arrogance of some restaurant owners really shocks me.After trying to explain to the girl that we should not be paying any gratuity the girl said she had to charge it but would remind the owner of the change. Not wanting to seem like a jerk we just paid it and sat down.After about 10 minutes we finally got our food. If you order a soda don't expect refills because they don't have a soda machine, they just have a bunch of cans in a fridge which you have to pay for individually. Otherwise they have Kool-Aid, that's...interesting. I can see having this available maybe if this was some sort of a children's eatery place like Chuck E. Cheese or Peter Piper pizza, but otherwise I don't see why having an overly sugary punch is so great.I had the Honey BBQ wings and my boyfriend got the Cajun BBQ wings. They came with ranch, tiny celery sticks and fries. I will say the fries were actually really good! I think they tasted better than anything else we had. The wings were...okay. They had flavor! It's just that we were expecting them to be way better, as if there was going to be this huge WOW factor involved due to the ratings on Yelp. There was nothing special about these wings. In fact, our normal wing place is Native New Yorker and I definitely like theirs much better. At NNY there is a large variety to choose from; more unique, fun flavors verses ATL wings that seem to have just hotter versions of others. In addition, NNY allows you to mix as many flavors as you like. So if you want one wing of every flavor, they'll do it! Not at ATL. At least for the combos, you only get to pick one flavor. Come on, that's the best part of wings; trying multiple flavors! My wings seemed a bit over cooked, as the outsides were too crunchy for me.  While their wings were decent enough the mac and cheese bites were absolutely awful! They were square shaped with overly flat bottoms. This tells me they are bought and frozen, and then deep fried when ordered. So they're not even making them fresh. This explains why these particular appetizers are terribly bland. There is absolutely zero seasoning. I ate one and my boyfriend had a bite of another, the rest were thrown in the trash. What a waste!The quality here is extremely low, and I'm really surprised this place is being raved about on Yelp. I would highly suggest trying Native New Yorker; we go to the one in Ahwatukee off of Ray and the I-10. At least here you'll get true service, with much better quality, free refills, and where multiple flavors of wings can be ordered.
4	Really good wings! Definitely more pricy than other places, but wings are huge. Good flavor and cooked just right. Food takes a while to come out, but you can't rush perfection. Staff was decently friendly but thats why I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5.
1	UPDATE!!! Lowering my review to 1 star, I'd give zero stars if I could. I explained in my first review how I purchased a gift certificate through my work's discount program for employees and a newly changed policy is to no longer charge the 18% gratuity. However when I came to ATL Wings on Friday they forced me to pay that gratuity. My work contacted them about illegally charging me and ATL Wings actually gave push back! Now keep in mind the company I work for is not some tiny little nothing business; it's the largest corporation in the world for it's industry and ATL Wings is so arrogant they think this may not effect them. Let me tell you ATL Wings, in my building alone, I work with nearly 2000 people, who most of which reside in Mesa, Gilbert, and Chandler; word of mouth is a very powerful tool. This restaurant is now being reported to www.Restaurant.com to be taken off of the program for employees to purcahse gift certificates! Clearly they have no respect for their customers. They only want as many dollars as they can get, even if this means going against contracts they sign with other companies and ignoring policies that are given.
3	Wings were not bad,I had honey habenero(not hot at all,pass if you want heat) had Cajun hot (def packs some heat) the bad part about it they charge 50 cents to split flavors,wth????.try the fried okra and spicy tator tots awesome.The celery sticks??? went directly to the trash(not worth eating).The wait wasnt long on a thursday prob 15 minutes in and out of the door.Wont be going out of my way for this place
4	Just like most reviews on here say, these wings are delicious! I have tried about 8 of the flavors, all were great. They Cajun Hot were the best ones out there. The reason a star in lost is because of the customer service there. The cashiers are all nice and friendly. They people in back are always giving the worst looks to the customers. Oh well. It tastes good. A little bit higher on the price scale, but the wind size makes up for it.
1	LAST UPDATE!!!  I got an email from restaurant.com this morning, it's official! Since ATL Wings doesn't know how to respect  their customers and they ignored their contract and policies with restaurant.com, they have been removed from the discount program. I was allowed to get another certificate to a different restaurant in exchange for the hassle we went through. ATL Wings, my employer gave you the opportunity to fix this but you decided that it's more important to overcharge your customers with invalid fees just so you can keep the extra cash. You took the gamble and you lost on this one.
5	Sketchy on the outside, but as they say, it's what's on the inside that counts.I had a 10 piece wing combo plate with 2 sauce choices; Honey Habanero and Citrus Chipotle.The wings were drowning in sauce.  Soooo juicy and delicious.  The chicken is cooked perfectly.  Not too greasy, cooked through, the chicken was moist and tender.  You will not leave here hungry.  These wings had some meat on them.  I will be going back to try all 18 flavors.Love the selection of bottomless Kool-Aid flavors.  I also had the (made from scratch) sweet corn bites.  I think they were made with grits inside which made them sweet as pie.
5	ATL Wings is our new go-to place for wings.  They are way better than Long Wong's and they accept credit/debit cards.  We used to order wings every week from Pizza Hut  but recent changes to their pricing forced us to look elsewhere.  We tried Long Wong's and those were good but ATL's wings are GREAT.   ATL has a bunch of flavors to choose from.  Of course there is traditional hot which is what Cristina orders nearly every time. I like BBQ variations and ATL has three... Honey BBQ, Hot BBQ and Cajun BBQ.     The Cajun BBQ is a PERFECT blend of spicy with just a taste of sweet.  My first order I had half/half Honey and Cajun and while the honey BBQ was good I was wishing I had ordered all Cajun.  So good I couldn't stop eating until I ran out.. ATL also has other menu items that I did not pay much attention to but if those other items are as good as their wings, we will be eating here often.  The only other thing we tried were the fries which were good too.
3	I have heard a lot of things about this place so I figured I would give it a try seeing as its just down the street from my house. From looking at the outside you could almost question if this place is even open just for the fact the windows are so tinted and the shopping center it is in. Once you get inside it looks much better, the restaurant while it is small, it was very clean and welcoming. We ordered our food (we tried the garlic parm and honey habanero wings, along with the fried catfish). I agree with the other reviews that their service time is very slow when we first arrived we were the only ones in there and it still took us almost 25min to get our food however the employees were very friendly.I would say the wings were up to par while they were very meaty they weren't amazing in flavor the fried catfish was very good and it a was a very large piece of fish which made it worth the $4.99. Overall I would say their wings were good a little over priced for what they are in my opinion and nothing I could see myself craving in the future but worth going back.
4	Great place when you want great wings and not a lot of frills or ambience. Carved out in a mostly empty strip mall area. But they are always busy. So many favors to choose from, I think there are 18? You can't find that variety anywhere else. I'm always true to the honey BBQ whenever I order wings, and ATL does them well. Once I overheard someone at another table talking about the seasoned wings and how he orders them every time. So, my next visit I tried the seasoned and WOW, they are good! Now I get them every time as well. I don't know what the seasoning is, but it is so good. I think they are dipped in butter too. Yummy! The great thing about ATL is that you can order your wings in different flavors in multiples of 6. Now I order 6 seasoned and 6 honey BBQ. Perfect. I love the crispness of their wings and they are always piping hot to your table. I have had the special of six wings, fries and a soda for 6.99. Great value and the fries are good. I'm not too happy about their soda in cans. I'd rather have a fountain drink with ice. They do have KoolAid as an alternative though. I couldn't give them 5 stars because my husband ordered chicken fingers as he doesn't like anything on the bone. they weren't anything special. It seemed like something they picked up at Costco. Not worth ordering again. But that is not their specialty...his loss, right?It seems that every time I have been there that there is at least one person whom ordered to go and ended up pulling up to a table to eat because they just couldn't wait to dig in. They are that good!
5	Food was delicious. Honey biscuits are excellent as well. I had the citrus chipotle and Cajun hot wings and thought they were amazing.  Service was also very good, the ladies there were very nice and polite. Would recommend!
5	Food was delicious! Owners are awesome! Koolaid is super sweet just the way I like it! Even though its a drive  I'll be back for sure.
3	The reviews are correct! The wings ARE amazing. What's NOT amazing is the hospitality of the owner. When my husband suggested she hire more register/phone help (we held for over SIX minutes to place our takeout order), she told him that the register/phone was her job and that's the way she did it. He said that he found her through Yelp and that all the reviews of the food were good, but he almost hung up and ate elsewhere. She flatly told him she didn't care about that. She had her repeat customers and they would come back not matter what. Sorry, not us.
4	The atmosphere leaves much to be desired, but be patient because the wings are worth it! The sauces were great, not too hot but enough to give a good kick. Everything is made fresh so it takes some time, don't expect to be in a hurry at ATL. The wings are meaty and the sides are great! It is worth the trip to Chandler.
5	I just don't even know where to begin...this is my happy place! I am from the south and this place is as legit as it gets when it comes to the wings! It's our usual go-to on Tuesday after work for .50 cent wings! It's so hard to stray away from honey habanero and the seasoned wings - just amazing and the texture is perfection. They also recently revamped their menu. It's been simplified and some of the items are less expensive. My only point of criticism is their catfish, but with that said, I am from Mississippi and no one here makes catfish correctly. Cornmeal, salt and pepper. That's it. No seasoning salt, flour, egg wash or any other business. Keep it simple and true to form if you claim that it's "Southern Style," Overall, this is one of my favorite places in the valley!
5	Oh my goodness, I have a new fav wing place! The wings were well cooked and seasoned. The sauce didn't drown the flavor of the chicken, just enhanced it. And their fried catfish sandwich was simply delicious. My family loved it and this our new wing spot indeed!
5	Very impressed after my first visit. Came here with a friend on his recommendation, we both got six wings, fries and a drink. I had honey barbecue and it was much better than any hb wings I'd ever had. It had a bit of spice and wasn't overly sweet like most hb sauces are. Fries went great with the leftover sauce, can't wait to go back and try another of the countless sauces and rubs! It's a bit far from my apartment but I'll definitely return.
5	So, about a year ago I stumbled upon this place when I had a massive craving for wings and google searched for nearby places that had them. I'm a fan of wings in general and Teakwoods is generally my go-to place to get awesome wings, but this place was open and close by so I figured I'd give it a try. OMG, I am so glad I did! When you walk in they have big, legible signs that tell you exactly what they have so you don't have to go through menus or guess around. The front staff is super nice and can help with suggestions if you've never eaten there before. They make the sauces fresh and even though it does take a little time it is WELL worth the wait!The chicken wings themselves are HUGE compared to most wings you get anywhere else and the sauces are sooo good! You can tell they really take pride in making their product #1! They also have fried fish which looks delicious but I can never save enough room to ever try it. Here's the bonus to top it all off: They have Kool-Aid on fountain! Who else is awesome enough to have Kool-Aid? No one!They are my new favorite go-to place for wings. If you have a craving for amazing wings and want to try something new try ATL, you will NOT be disappointed!**Update** I finally got around to trying the breaded tilapia- it's awesome. ATL can do no wrong!
5	Awesome place! Went here last night with 8 ppl and got our orders right away!!! Staff was friendly!
5	The wings here are just awesome.  So so good.  Lots of meat and they get them super crispy.  I had the extreme honey habanero, the atl style and the hottest they had (i believe called extreme or toxic).  All were amazing.  The atl are a dry rub and just have a great saltiness to them.  The honey habanero are a great mix of sweet and really hot.  The toxic were a a blazing hot buffalo.  Lips numbs, nose running and very very satisfied.  Will be going back.
4	The location is great, clean, friendly and seating for 25 or more. I ordered Honey Habanero and Hot chicken wings, with a side of Fried Mac & Cheese bites. The staff was very friendly answered a few questions and delivered my food with a smile. The wings smelled delicious. The aroma of the traditional Hot is one of my favorite food associated smells. The HH wings had a complex mixture that begged investigation.  The flavor mixture of Honey and Habanero was a real treat. Not too spicy but smooth to boot.For people on the East Side of the Valley this is worth a stop. No hesitation making the recommendation here!
5	Just tried these guys out for the first time! Great service, even better wings! Got three different flavors... Hot, Honey Habanero and Toxic.  All 3 were great. I would definitely recommend this place.
5	Bomb ass wings! Yummy ATL style fries and free refills on drinks? Ftw! So glad we came here today! As soon as we walked in we were greeted with a smile and the cashier kindly explained the specials and all the popular flavors. I ordered the honey habanero and garlic Parmesan wings with. Side of ATL style fries and Mac n cheese bites! Finger lickin' good! Will definitely come back here to try the other flavors, but def more of the honey habanero! Also if you join the text club you get 60 cent wings ever Tuesday! Yay! :-)
5	We love our wings and have tried just about everywhere in the East Valley. Our search ended with ATL Wings!! We have been ordering wings from ATL for about a year now and have enjoyed every delicious wing. We have tried several of their recipes and our favorites are the Garlic Parm, the ATL style and the Sweet & Tangy. My hubby has always ordered his wings "naked"  with sauce on the side because he "likes to taste the chicken, not just the sauce", until he tried my wings from ATL. The wings are always perfectly cooked, nice and crispy. And for people like my hubby, the dry rub flavors are a perfect choice! While we have never dined-in, when placing our order the service over the phone is always pleasant and helpful and when picking up our order the service in person is more of the same. The place is small and isn't easily found as it is in a very small strip mall. The establishment has always been clean and busy when I have been there and the food has always been ready and hot when I arrive. I have told several people about this place and they have all agreed with me.....For anyone craving truly yummy chicken wings, ATL is a must!!!
5	I love wings & this place sure does it up right! Called in 20 mins before they closed for a 60 wing to-go order. Picked up order 5 mins before closing and everything was done perfectly. The woman was friendly when she answered and was happy to take my order.Wings: Go with the ATL style (dry rub.) Savory, delectable and excellent seasoning.Sides: Mac & Cheese bites - crispy on the outside and rich cheesy yumminess! Fried Okra is awesome too (If you get this, eat it there it doesn't travel very well.) Dessert: Honey Biscuits - just give them a try, they may not sound like much but they are really good.FYI: On orders large orders you will have to pay with a CC over the phone so be aware they will require that. I would also go with the take-out order method as they are always crazy busy.
4	Atl has some very good wings. They are a nicely sized with enough meat and the right amount of sauce. I was full off a dinner of 9 wings and shared cheese fries. They don't have a lot of people working so you might have to wait while one person juggles taking orders, answering phones, and bringing plates to tables.  Aside from this, the workers are very nice.  My only other complaint is while the exterior of the wings had a perfect crisp, the center wasn't hot  enough (temperature) to my liking. Still, I'd def considering driving out here to get my wings fix.
5	Best wings in town! You won't be disappointed. They are cooked to perfection and the flavors pop in your mouth.
3	My first visit. Wings were good. Service ok. Catfish not good but it is a wing place. I had the ATL seasoned wings. They were tasty but a bit salty. The cashier had a unwelcoming demeanor but she stayed on top of everyone's orders. I would go back for the wings and fries.
5	Was intrigued by the name and the rating they have. Drove by a few times but had never been in. Wished I had gone sooner.The place is a no-nonsense, bare-bones wing shop. But they do it well. Very Well. They have 18 flavors to pick from and you can go with regular or boneless. I went with Honey-Habenaro wings and they were great. Big, meaty wings - fired up crisp under a sauce with just the right amount of kick. They do have an extreme version that i may have to try. Price was good for the food amount.they do have a few other menu items in fried shrimp plate and some chicken sandwiches but not sure why you would want to have that instead of the amazing wings. I will definitely be back to try the ATL style and some other flavors
5	We could not have been more impressed! We rarely write reviews but we were so blown away that we had to ask names. Tasha was so friendly and sweet. And Mike, who offered us free wings to sample the incredible "ranch" wings (and they really were amazing!), is the owner! You will not only INHALE the awesome wings but feel so completely warm-welcomed!
5	Had 10 of the honey habanero wings along with the spicy ATL fries.  The wings were excellent - among the best I've ever had anywhere.  They were liberally sauced and very meaty.  I've always liked Native New Yorker's wings, but they are so tiny and thin, you feel like you're being ripped off.  ATL Wings are both better in taste and size.  The spicy fries were excellent as well. Prices are reasonable. I took my order to go, but everything inside looked clean.The service was quick (about 10 minutes from placing my order to receiving it) and everyone was very friendly.  This is a good find for me. I will likely be back at least once a week now that I've found this place.
5	Some of the best wings in town! I always get medium but I've tried other flavors and they are all really good!
5	I'm SO happy I found ATL wings.  This is my go to spot for GREAT wings.  You can get wings almost anywhere (Buffalo Wild Wings, Native New Yorker, etc.) but if you want AWESOME GREAT wings, ATL is the place.   I've been going to ATL now for a little over a year and I swear the food and the service is consistently GREAT every time.  I typically go for 10 wings, which I split half Honey BBQ and Half ATL Style (Seasoned).  I've tried several other flavors and they are ALL delicious but these Honey BBQ and ATL Style are my favorites.  On Tuesday's they have a 60 cent wing special, so sometimes I bump my order up to 12 wings on those days. there are also other tasty items on the menu.  The honey biscuits are must try!  This place doesn't only offer up GREAT food but their service is out of this world.  I can't say enough about the great service.  It's true that it may take a while for your order to be ready but like the sign says in front of the store, "You can't rush food that taste this good!"  If you don't want to wait around for your order, just give them a call and order about 10-15 minutes ahead. They will be ready with your order and a smile when you arrive.  I Get a smile and a welcome (by name) every single time I step into the restaurant.  They really make you feel special and at home.  It's like the neighborhood bar where everyone knows your name.  I usually do take out but I'd recommend eating in for your first time, because I guarantee you will want to order more after you have your first round.
5	Great wings, great fries, great customer service! Best wing place I've found in the valley!
5	Awesome little restaurant!! Best wings we have every had, and we search for good wings!! The people who work here are super nice and the service is amazing!!
2	Okay, soooo.. if you looked at their menu and thought the shrimp dinner, the pork tenderloin sandwich, the corn fritter things, or any of the other specials on the sign they hang out front looked good, don't bother. I feel like every time I go to ATL wings they've retired something new because it "wasn't selling" and it's just a bit of a disappointment.My boyfriend likes their wings. He's addicted. But if you don't like wings - admittedly I'm not a huge fan, but he's so enthusiastic that I don't like saying we shouldn't eat there - just get a salad and hope they haven't retired that, too.
5	I joined a couple of my coworkers for lunch today at ATL wings and am so glad I did! The wings were absolutely amazing! I have to say I am very surprised that people have mentioned a bad experience with the people who work here. They were so friendly to me; going above and beyond to provide great service. The restaurant was clean. And most importantly, our food came out within 10 minutes. To the person who said they should be in west phoenix or better yet ATL, you should be ashamed of yourself! ATL Wings- I'm glad you are there and hope you will expand and add more locations.
4	Located on warner, west of country club. I got lost in the shopping center looking for it.I am not sure if it was because I was so hungry or not, but these wings were the best I have ever had! I did 10pc so I could have two flavors; BBQ honey and mild.  So. Amazing.  Really spicy though. They let me sample the sauces before I bought them. Also, they have koolaid on tap! Epic! I would have give 5 stars but there were some issues.. our fries came out 25 mins after the rest of our order, and it was super busy, so it took a long time to get our food. I recommend calling ahead and ordering during busy times.  Lastly, I noticed one of the employees eating off the prep line. That's kinda gross.  I should knock it down to 3 stars but they were so damn delicious!Oh, one more thing: the whole place is lit with only red lights, so food looks really different. I am not sure how I feel about that. I used my flashlight on my phone to inspect things.
5	Great wings! As a Buffalo native, I've found my new favorite wing place. Thank you ATL!!!
5	This is a great wing place if you are in the Chandler area.  The have a steady business, and the key is the sauce.  They have a ton of sauces to choose from.  The two I tried were Honey Habanero and Citrus Chipotle.  Both are bright and have a good flavor.  The honey sauce is nice and sweet with a touch of heat, similar in consistency to a teriyaki sauce but with much better flavor.  They also have a very moist lemon cake, which is nice for summer.  The red lights are a unique touch.  This place is a local diamond in the rough for wings, and I would recommend everyone to stop by and grab some.
4	Very very good wings! Huge, meaty wings with crispy skin and just the right about of sauce. Biggest complaint is that online menu does not match real menu. Prices are different. Also they now only sell wings and fries. None of the other sides mentioned online or the fried fish or sandwich options. Also, ordered the atl style fries which were really just fries. Didn't taste any hint of extra spices in them. Tried three flavors of wings:-honey habenero - sweet but spicy. This was a thick and sticky sauce. It was great to dip the fries in-Cajun hot - a drier sauce. Pretty spicy but still flavorful-cirrus chipotle - maybe my favorite of the three. Also sweet but with just a little kick. Probably could have been just a tad spicier. Place does a great business. Plan to wait for your wings but it's worth it.
5	Um how did I drive past this place forever and never go in?Pretty much the best wings I've ever had. I'm picky when it comes to food, especially when I know how easy it is to prepare it correctly with real ingredients. ATL Wings did not disappoint! We tried the Parmesan garlic, mild and ATL style wings. Do yourself a favor and take the cashiers recommendation - get all your wings ATL style! The flavor is amazing, perfect balance between herbs, spices and a tiny bit hot. The mild flavor is vinegary, just like how homemade sauce should be and Parmesan garlic is very good as well!We came early Friday afternoon, place was clean and got our food in about ten minutes. Everyone was very friendly. Soda, tea and kool aid are your choice of drink. This place is awesome and on my list now!
5	Love the wings!! 18 different flavors, Kool-aid from the fountain!! No place compares to the wings from here. Customer service from CeCe and wings cooked by Pablo! All I can say is thank you Lord!
5	So, ATL wings is not close to our house, but its very close to the school my wife teaches at. We are both wing fans (the food of course, not the stinkin' hockey team. Go Hawks!), but hadn't ventured to many places in the Valley. I was Yelping for a dinner option when she mentioned it again. Wings sounded damn good, so off we went.  Let me start with the food. We ordered 18 wings with Honey BBQ, ATL Style, and Classic Hot. I liked them all, but the ATL Style was the real winner. I've never been a big fan of dry wings, but I usually test a place out by trying their featured dish/flavor. They were so good, I doubt I'll get around to ever trying another flavor. Salt & Spices, Vinegar and some kind of awesomeness.  The wings are not breaded, plenty large, and cooked nice and crispy. We did a combo, so we got a large fountain drink and fries. The fries were solid, hot dog stand quality fries. Next time I'll get the ATL flavored fries too. I should also mention, they had 3 flavors of Kool-Aid available as well. Place is clean. It was busy (Wednesday night). It took a while to get our food, but you could tell these are freshly made and not pre-made then tossed in sauce. I've seen some complaints about adding gratuity. The sign said for tables of 5 or more. I don't totally get that, but who cares. It's a take out place with a few tables. The red lighting and excessive carnival signs are a bit odd, but not enough to drop a star.
1	To begin the wings are good but could be better chicken was over cooked. The sauces are tasty, the service needs improvement, not only did  I wait for twenty minutes for my order I sat there while my party ate their wings. First they brought out the wrong  wings followed by salad I never ordered. And when they finally brought my food the young lady gave me an attitude for asking her to take my tray back with her. " I don't want she said" a customer sitting next to my table  looks over and shakes his head. Restaurant owners if you make a mistake on someone's order which happens don't add the attitude on top of it. ATL Wing on Warner you just lost a customer.
5	Probably some of the best wings I have ever had. My favorite sauce is the Honey Habanero.My wife and I ended up going when there was a special (60 cent wings), delicious and cheap :).If you want to try out multiple flavors they do have a rule that a flavor can be applied to every 3 wings which is pretty good and allows you to try a lot of flavors quickly.Overall the wings were crispy, and delicious and will definitely come back.
5	Hands down the best wings I have had in my life. Im a huge wing advocate and have tried numerous places. I read the reviews which was enough to spark interest. This place had it all, great drinks, great atmosphere, phenomenal customer service, and of course, the best wings.
1	I ordered boneless wings, disappointed they were processed meat like nuggets.I might give this place another try, probably order something else.
5	So....for dinner tonight we decided on wings and tuned to Yelp to direct us to the best wings in the area. ATL wings was on the top of the list. My husband made the drive and came back with some DELICIOUS wings. He order mild, Cajun spicy and bacon cheddar (Yes, I said BACON CHEDDAR) and I have to say they were amazing. We will totally be returning for more wings. AWESOME!!!
5	Just had to write an update. This is still my favorite place in the whole valley for wings. I have tried most of the flavors now and my favorite is definitely the seasoned, I get them every time.
3	Came here with a group of co-workers for lunch one day. Place was packed and we were lucky to find an empty table. I got half honey habanero and half citrus chipotle. Interesting flavors but both were a little on the sweet side. No matter - there are plenty more flavors to choose from. I figured we'd be back another time to try more flavors but one of our co-workers got shafted by this place big time. First off, they never called his order. When he finally flagged a server about it, she went to fix the problem but then he was given the wrong order - somebody else's order maybe but not what HE ordered. When they finally brought the correct order, the server served up such an attitude I had to wonder what he did/said to her when he ordered to deserve any of it. Who knows? He might have secretly goosed her when she was walking by or tried to harass her for her number while ordering at the counter. I'm just speculating and trying to figure out an explanation because it almost seems like he was singled out for such treatment and the server acted like she despised him in a way that was personal. The other woman at the counter who seemed to be running things was actually very pleasant about everything so who knows - maybe that particular server was just having a bad day. Whatever the case it ruined our chances for coming back because from now on if someone mentions ATL Wings as a lunch possibility for our group lunch gathering, there will definitely be a veto.
5	Tried it for the first time the other day, the wings are awesome. Staff is really friendly. Koolaide is a plus. (The ranch wings are the best!)
5	My husband and I have been searching for a great wing place for years. We finally decided to try ATL Wings, it was kind of a drive but holy cow was it worth it! They have the best wings we've ever tasted!! We ordered 18 wings and decided to try Honey Habanero, ATL Style and the Chef Special. All were delicious! I was actually scraping the sauce from the dish it was so good! We have definitely found our go to wing spot, thank you ATL Wings! We love you!!
4	Would love to give this place 5 stars but just cannot since to get 5 stars they would have to provide celery and carrots with their wing orders.  Other than that little thing everything here is great. 18 different flavors of wings.  The dry rub ATL are great as well as the citrus chipotle as my top two.  A unique item is kool aid for the kids. Decor is sparse but the food is great.
5	This place was amazing! If you are stuck across the street at the bowling alley it's only a five minute walk and well worth it! We ordered the atl dry rub and that was the clear winner of all the flavors! The medium is pretty spicy so if you aren't a fan of spice for the mild or the honey bbq which were both fantastic! Make sure you order the fries, they were my favorite part of my meal. Overall a fantastic wing place, highly recommend!!!
5	Best wings in Arizona.  Wings are the size of chicken thighs!   They offer 18 different flavors.   My favorites are garlic parmesan, seasoned, lemon pepper, garlic pepper, & cajun.  I know, that's practically the whole menu....  ;)Don't forget about their honey biscuits...  BOMB.COM
5	This is the BEST WINGS SPOT. I ordered Garlic Parmesan, lemon pepper and mild and each of them was so delicious and soft yet a crunch to It. + they pick the right price range for each wing. Definitely coming back.
3	Really good wings served in a very fast food manner at a very non-fast food price.The dry rubs were def the best, the Garlic Parmesan to be specific was our favorite.The ATL rub wings were super super salty.The Extreme Habanero were really tasty and not too spicy at allThe Chipotle Lime wings were extremely sweet and were the most similar to BWW type wings. Loaded with syrup which I don't care for.Best wings in town? Nope. Good though. I'd go back for the Garlic Parmesan wings. Skip the super soggy fries.
5	AMAZING WINGS! Wish it was closer to my house.The place seems a little ghetto and next to a huge smoke shop, but man those wings are GOOD!Also the staff was really welcoming and even let us sample 2 wings since we had no idea what "atl style" was.One of the best assets of this place is how they sell KOOL AID!!!!I loved everything about this place. The only thing that was a little annoying was that at night they have bright red neon lights inside. It looks really cool but its hard to see what the food exactly looks like because everything is in shades of red. Maybe it would work better if they had a mixture of white lights at each table? At least you feel a little more private with the red darkness.PROSFood, Staff, DrinksCONSRed lights
1	Entered this small restaurant with high hopes of finding our new wing place. Saw the award posted and the big trophy...which was promising! However the lady at the register did not greet us. She looked right at us and then turned and walked away. She showed something on her phone to the guy at the grill. Hung receipts/orders on the middle island/prep surface. She returned to the register and counter and resumed looking on her phone. No greeting or offer to help. My husband works in the restaurant business as a manager. He values customer service so much that he refused to spend our money here. We left. Unfortunate really, as he LOVES wings and we eat out a lot! He craves wings at least once a week. This could have been our new wing place. However, due to the lady with the long pink nails, long dark hair in the back and blonde weave in the front - Atl Wings will not receive any of our money. A little training on good customer service could really help this place out.
4	I think they changed owners recently.  The wings used to be really good, now, they are good, just not AS good.
5	The wings here are so yummy and the service was good! We ordered the honey habanero, spicy atl, honey BBQ, a kids meal and the honey biscuits. Everything tasted great but my favorite was the spicy atl! Not the healthiest but they do have salads if you need some greens. Good wing spot though...I would recommend trying it!
5	I'm not  5 star giver but for this place I was very pleased and impressed. I walked in and stated I was there to find out what all the commotion was and I see now. Just moved here from Atlanta so I saw the theme but was told ATL Wings stands for "All The Love" not Atlanta....whatever, either way I'll be back. Wings were the right size not small as I call "2 bite wings" where in 2 bites you're done. I had the sweet n tangy my friend had the lemon pepper and they were the best. Next time going to try the citrus chipotle.
4	If you want wings, you have to try ATL. I was skeptical but after trying them Im hooked. The wings are not small, like say BWW.The sauces are amazing, love the Chipotle BBQ, but also the Lemon Pepper. Staff is great. Now a days I drop by take some home.
5	Wings are out of this world.  ATL style and Chef's Special are ridiculous good.  They let me sample two different flavors by just giving me two whole wings.  They were super friendly.
4	Best wings around! Gotta try their atl dry rub and the garlic parmesan.  Oh yeah and make sure to try the biscuits. They are like Indian fry bread with powdered sugar and honey. Soo good!!
3	Nice, clean store. Kool-Aid fountains going, that was pretty retro. We ordered numerous types of wings to try them. The wings were big, which is great but ours were pink at the bone. I am not a fan of wings with thick, fatty skin, which these had. They are guy wings. The guys liked them more. The hot wing sauce was really good, perfect even. The dry rub, well that is not a hot wing and we did not care for it. That is for non-pepper heads. We also tried the habanero and I liked that. The garlic Parmesan dry rub was not good for us, Lots of grease in the dish and tasted like garlic bread. Not a hot wing. We won't be back. Better choices out there for true Buffalo wings.
3	Wings were ok but all the stars go to their biscuits! Savory and sweet goodness. I actually liked the boneless more than the bone in, the bone in was a little dry and fried too much.  Its a small little place so be ready to squeeze if you have a big group.  It's a fun casual place... again biscuits to die for.
5	Amazing chicken wings! I am not a big wing person but my boyfriend is, so I decided to be nice and let us get some wings for dinner (haha) and I got the teriyaki wings and I was surprised at how good they were!! Amazing!! We got there dessert with honey and powder sugar and it was amazing as well! Cheap easy good food, makes native my taste crappy! The wait is definitely worth it
5	Excellent wings. Had wings at Duff's and Anchor in Buffalo, NY. This place got them beat!!! Honey BBQ, Honey Habanero, and ATL dry rub were simply awesome. Highly recommend this place.
1	WARNING!! Please read before you go here: So I loved atl until today I went in and was gonna redeem my 10 free wing reward I ordered a 18 piece, the rude nasty girl at the counter said well can I give you the 10 free and charge you you for a 6. I said why am I losing 2 wings she said ignorantly, cause we dont have an 8 piece so I dont know what to charge. All she had to do was ring up the 18 and remove the cost of a 10 piece and charge me the remainder but I guess she didn't go to school. So I ended up buying a 10 piece and got another 10 for free but she rang up my order wrong and gave me a 16 piece so then I had to pay another 3 bucks to correct their mistake and gave me nothing but horrible nasty looks and was staring at my girlfriend as if she was pissing her off. Will never return, used to love this place was loyal, got the loyal reward for 10 free wings and then they ruined it. This place has been falling down hill for a very long time and I cannot wait for them to be closed. It's also sad I can't order an 18 piece and get 10 free since (yall) cant do math, charge me for a 6 and hook up the last 2 to make 18 who would have thought giving away 2 wings could bankrupt a business. I made a yelp account just so I could warn people about this place its the amys baking company of wings you were warned! Staff should be nice not ghetto trash!
5	I don't think I've ever had wings this good in Arizona. I love chicken wings more then anything and super picky about them. ATL has some of the best wings ever. The Lemon Pepper blow Wingstop out of the water. Also on Tuesdays you pay 70 cents a wing. Also for dessert they have these biscuit type treats that are covered in powdered sugar and honey. One of the most unique yet tasty treats for after. Also, they have KOOL-Aide as a choice of beverage. Which is even more a plus!
4	Umm, if I re-gain those 50+ pounds I left behind, I'm going to have to blame ATL Wings. Not really, but that should give you an idea of how addictively delicious these wings are! 2013 and 2014 Winner of Wingstock, and rightfully so. Huge, quality, meaty wings and solid wing sauce flavors at a great price ... What more could you ask for? Oh yes, beer! They don't have a liquor license just yet. Everytime we've stopped in, it's been take-out, so I just throw back a few San Tan Hefs at home. You will, however find Red, Blue and Purple Kool-Aid on Tap! My favorite flavors so far: Hot, Extreme Honey Habanero and Cajun Hot. Knock off a star for the occasional rude customer service. It all depends on who is working the counter that day. Dude and I have encountered some serious trolls.Oh, and for closing rather early. If they stayed open an hour later each day, I'm sure ATL would get even more business from late night drinkers seeking some munchies.Stop by ATL Wings and get your wing fix, you won't be disappointed!
5	Five stars. Best wings hands down. Meaty, big, cooked perfect! Wet or dry rubs! I've tried them all! My favs are atl style and honey habanero. But you can't go wrong with any style here. Once you try these wings you'll never find better. I am a huge wing buff. I've had many from all around the valley and these are by far the best.
2	Dry wings, poor customer service, and expensive. I'm better off going to Native or Buffalo Wild Wings.
4	The wings are the best I've ever had.  What stops me from giving it five starts is that they do not give celery sticks with the wings. That is just wrong, maybe even inhumane.
3	Atl Wings has a ton going for it. Friendly service, great flavors (the lemon pepper and habanero are both standouts) good prices.Two issues though....I've ordered there 4 times, and all 4 have had these issues.To go orders take much longer than quoted on the phone.One item is always wrong. Always. It's become a joke in our house...which part of the order is going to be wrong?But the flavors keep us coming back
5	This place is amazingly delicious, the owner is super friendly and the food I just cannot rave enough about my belly was completely happy
5	This place has the best wings BY FAR that I have ever had from a wing shop!!!! Get the ATL STYLE wings and you will be licking your fingers and grinning from ear to ear!!! The have cool-aid on tap as well!! THREE flavors of it!
3	This place is going downhill sadly.  A lot of the items we used to order are no longer on the menu.  They say the reason they are gone is because they are trying to franchise the place out and make it simpler.  In my mind that means they are cheapening it up.  The last few times they quoted us a time and it's always 30 minutes after the quote time.  My wife picked the food up tonight.  We were quoted 10 minutes.  She texted me 40 minutes after I called the food in and said she is still waiting.  One of the flavor of wings we ordered were incorrect as well.  Bottom line, if they don't shape up their customer service, they will never make it to a franchise.  I can't control their menu but the things we used to love are no longer available.  ATL wings are no longer the place we order food anymore.
5	Atl Wings is by far the best wings in the area, probably in AZ. I've been there several times and taken friends, everyone loves it as well as the fun and engaged staff! Enjoy!!
5	Best wings I've ever had!  Atl style wings and fries are off the hook! The employees or maybe owner was so nice, made some wings for us to try before we even ordered,  and after our meal they brought us delicious biscuits with honey and powdered sugar!  I love 30 min away and I'll definately be making the drive for more. great southern hospitality!
5	Straight up legit wings joint.  All they do is wings and they are amazing! They aren't a chain and have 18 amazing flavors. Be sure to ask for the chef special.  Also get the homemade biscuits.  You won't be disappointed.  They even let you try the wing sauce before ordering.
5	Yes! I am all about this place!! Now it is definitely a hole in the wall ambience with dim lighting and shakey tables, however their wings are on point!Tons of flavors to choose from to adorn your thick meaty chicken wings. Now there isn't much else to their menu so don't venture here with the intent of wings not being your main dish. HOWEVER the fries were bomb.com. Seriously! ! So tasty with their special seasoning. I would come back just for the fries.
1	I have tried their wings many times, I have finally given up. If you like your wings well well done then this is the place for you.
3	Our first server was rude and gave an attitude while we were trying to order. The wings were smaller than expected and it was unreasonably dry.
5	Bomb! I wanted to go to Hooters all you can eat wings Wednesdays but my more conservative friends talked me out of that...so we ended up trying out this gem for the first time.  Man it was delicious.  Very fresh wings, crispy, and the sauces were delicious.  I thought the customer service was above and beyond what we expected.  We were debating what sauce to choose so the staff made us a sample of the wing flavor for us without us even asking.  Now onto the wings.  I ordered the honey habanero and the chef's special with ranch and blue cheese.  All really good, and their dressings are delicious! My friends ordered the cheese fries and the honey cinnamon rolls. They loved them (I didn't try them).  So these wings were so good I ended up going back that same week by myself and ordering takeout. You know food is really good when you go to a place twice in one week and alone lol it's just u and the food.   This time I ordered half hot and half parmesan garlic.  Both really good again.  As I am writing this, I wish they were open so I could go there again. Go try these wings.  They are finger licking good!
4	Went to try this place based on a friends recommendation. We had honey habanero (bone-in) and ALT boneless wings and honey biscuits. The wings were really good. Not the best I've ever eaten in my life but still very good and we will definitely come back again. The honey biscuits are like big greek loukoumades. Definitely not what I had pictured in my mind when I ordered them but it was a pleasant surprise. A friend ordered the cheese fries and said they were also very good. Only dinged one star because we called in the order and were told 10 minutes, didn't show up till about 15 minutes after I called and still had to wait 5-10 minutes for the food. The lighting is kind of weird (all neon red) so I recommend ordering take out unless you fancy everything looking red when you eat. :)
2	Great wings, poor taste as far as front end goes. I've been here quite a few times over the last 2 years. When the owner has been there service was good & fun. I went a few days ago and the cashier was ok but there was another girl working up front taking phone orders. This girl had 2 kids running all over the place and screaming. She did nothing to settle them down. Not a very good representation of the place. I probably won't be back for a looooong time. It's too bad because the owner was very nice & funny the few times I've seen her.
5	This place was amazing! I was extremely happy with the wings here. We got the garlic parm and medium wings. They were out of this world. My only feedback is that the paper bag ripped when I took them out of the car and we lost a few. So if possible ask for an extra plastic bag to make sure you don't lose your food!
4	Wings: The Cajun Hot wings are on par with the best I've ever had (Roman's VI in Concord, OH). The medium were tasty too but the Cajun has an added depth of flavor I haven't found anywhere locally. There is an extra $0.50 charge to split the order to two sauces. Sides: The seasoned fries (known as ATL fries) were good and the portion was large enough for 2-3 diners. Drinks: I will say their soda mixture is a little off, so it may be best to stick to one of the three Kool-Aid flavors/colors.Ambiance: basic and about you'd expect with several tables/chairs. I dined at 11:45 and the place was clean. Overall: the wings are 4.5 stars and deduct 0.5 star for sub par soda quality I will surely come back for more wings, though.
4	#aroundchandler So I finally made it here. So much hype about this place. Now I don't consider myself your average wing eater. I eat a serious amount of buffalo wings. I even made it to state championship for a wing eating contest. The wings here are good. The wings them self are average, but the sauces are way above average.  I always judge wings based on the standard hot. The hot was fairly hot, but very tasty. I also tried the ATL rub. The flavor was fantastic. I'm not a cool aid drinker, I stay away from sugar. But the fact they had cool aid I thought was pretty cool.  I will be a regular here and will try all 18 flavors of wings!!   #chandleraz
5	Great meaty wings and their fries are good too. Lots of flavor options plus several dry options.
5	Oh my sweet honey BBQ wings!!! Boyfriend and I had been wanting to check this place out for a while so we visited tonight. We were NOT disappointed. The owner was taking orders and we told her we had never been in and inquired about the ATL style rub. She gave us a sample of the rub with some fresh hot chicken wings. WOW!!!! That rub was insanely delicious as were the Honey BBQ and Honey Habanero that we actually ordered. The biscuits with cinnamon and honey were to die for as well! Also, they have fountain Kool-Aid in blue (not sure of flavor), fruit punch and grape! Check this place out if you're looking for a clean establishment with amazing food at a reasonable price!
3	Let me start off by saying we are from buffalo NY, where they have perfected wings. My husband and I have been here a few times. We did order out once and ate in a few times. The first few times it was pretty good. I wish they had a sauce for the garlic option, but the dry rub isn't bad. Today we went and got 18 boneless wings. We did garlic parmesan, honey habanero and sweet and tangy. We couldn't tell the difference between the sweet and tangy and the honey habanero. Neither were that spicy and we were kind of disappointed today. It seemed greaser then usual and just over all not that great. If I would have done the review before today I probably would have done 4 stars. My husband who ranted and raved about this place before, said today that he didn't want to go back after that.
5	This place has great food. The service was exceptional as well. They gave us some samples and it worked!  We got to try a couple things we may not have ordered otherwise and they were very good. We will definitely be going back!
5	Oh man..Oh man...OH MAN!Insert Homer J. Simpson drooling .gif here pls.I was with my sis whilst we fought against the pre-Christmas Rush War that was happening within the Chandler Fashion Mall parking lot, as we finally managed to exit the lot, our tummies rumbled loudly. We needed substance, substance that was deep fried, walked on two legs, and had two wings! Thank you Yelp App for showing what's around us, or else we'd be stuck at another fast food burger joint that we did not have a desire for.So as we made our trip over, and getting slightly lost because GPS decided that the restaurant was right where a newly built school was, we found this small place, parked, and lumbered into ATL Wings!As we walked up to the counter, staring at the menu above, the cashier said hello to us and asked if we've been there before. We admitted it was our first time there, and she gave us a sample of the Honey Habanero sauce - sweet with a kick - and I knew what I was going to get!We ordered our wings, sis added the Cheese Fries, and we waited. We were pretty excited, this place had a ton of reviews, all around the 4 star mark! Our wait came to an end as the lady came out from the kitchen, wings piping hot, and fries sitting right next to them, drenched in a glorious thick yellow goo we've all known to love when melted, CHEESE!Wasting no time, we sank our teeth into these glorious wings, we looked at each other and knew, this place was a keeper!! The wings have a great amount of meat on them, and are fried perfectly. They're tossed with just the right amount of sauce, nothing dripped and there was no pool of sauce left behind as we polished them off one by one. The Cheesy Fries we crunchy, yet still soft in the middle, they leave the skins on when frying them up, and they were just perfect! It reminded me of the fries you get at the State Fair, beautiful.To end our wing feast, my sis ordered the Honey Biscuits, which are more like light puffy donuts (Beignets), drenched in honey, powdered with sugar, lightly crispy on the outside and soft and warm on in the inside. Argh! I'm drooling at the thought of them as I'm typing this review! The only thing missing was some jam on those bad boys, I wanted to order another round, but our bellies were already packed full of wings and cheese fries!Next time we're over in the area, we're definitely coming back!!
5	I have been looking for a place that serves amazing wings with some style. This placed does that for me. From the koolaid fountain to the cutout metal chicken on the wall, this place is the shit. Their wings are definitely the best wings I have ever had in AZ. Other places are super greasy, and make me poop right after. But this place has defied the odds with my bowel issue and love of wings.  I will definitely be back and become a loyal customer. I recommend this place to everyone.
5	Great tasting wings and a good size. I have been to many wing spots in AZ and I have say this place is the best. Don't forget the hotcakes they are phenomenal
4	Great wings for a great price. I ordered take out and will need to go buy new pants this weekend.
1	Poor service..Rude Staff..I rounded my bill with 2$ tip to 11$ and the lady charged me 20$ on my card, 110% tip !!Could be my mistake but she should have alerted me !! Food tasted good (reason for the lone *) but expensive for the quantity..
