3	My waitress was very sweet - I appreciated that she mentioned that my dish had peanuts in it, even though that is almost the only thing I'm not allergic to.  Stupid allergies.Anyway, the space is lovely, if you have your back to the entrance, you might forget you're in a Vegas casino.  I had the kung pao chicken and it was delicious!!!  $17 delicious?  Probably not.
3	This was the place to stop by after that late or tweener flight into vegas.  It was nice to go somewhere casual after getting in, have a bowl of noodles.  Yes.... it was a bit expensive, but for "strip" eating, its about par.... par meaning about 40% high, but with good service to match.
3	some haiku'sFifteen dollar Pho?Oh hell no, I don't think soWe shared other stuff.Vietnamese dripThe coffee helped me reviveAfter long weekend
2	Don't be fooled by the designer's touch and the great service. You're here for the food and the food is mediocre at best.Orange Peel Chicken: we asked to substitute chicken for beef. What did they do? Threw a bunch of breaded chicken in a beef sauce. Imagine putting chicken in your mouth and tasting beef.Kung Pao Chicken was way sour and dulled down.Cury Crab Potstickers were good.Overall, a mediocre meal for $60. Keep walking. There are better places at Mandalay Bay.
3	EXPENSIVE NOODLE SOUP, but boiling hot soup sure does help from a night of hard partying in Vegas. Sure it's 110 degrees outside, but inside the Mandalay it's a cool, crisp 70+ degrees!I only had the Roasted Pork Egg Noodle Soup and I must say, I LOVED IT. I loved watching the oil sit on the top layer of my soup (HELLO, oil is the cure to a mean hangover in my book).Oh and I really did want to try the Har Gow but I couldn't justify spending $8.50 on something that usually costs less than $2. I'm going back to Vegas in Sept... so I'll be here again. Prices suck, yes.... but it's going to be the same no matter where you go!
4	Yummy Singapore Noodles and pork dumplings. I love the little hot sauces they have on the table too, great for mixing with rice/noodles/ etc.SUPER friendly service. Expensive -sure but still cheaper than the main restaurants! Save the money - don't eat at Shanghai Lilly -just eat at the Noodle Shop!
4	Yes it's ridiculous to pay these prices for noodles.  But you know what, it's the middle of the night, you didn't think twice about the price you're paying to be staying at Mandalay Bay, and you want comfort food.  Pho, congee, pad thai, whatever your craving is after a long night.  This is it, lots of variety and be realistic - it's as authentic as you're going to find in a casino hotel.  Relax, think of it as your little oasis in Vegas.  Enjoy it; you'll win big tomorrow! Right?
2	The only reason they get 2 stars instead of 1 is bc my extremely mediocre and overpriced black bean chicken temporarily ruined my appetite & left me more room for the Rio seafood buffet the next day. Then again, maybe I subconsciously wanted to pay a lot to eat blah food - being from LA, how did I expect this place, catering mainly to drunken tourists that have never had authentic bb chicken, to compare with the real stuff in LA? Also, I was particularly upset that I discovered the Burger Bar was also at Mandalay Bay right after eating here. I had been jonesing for a burger alllll night and specifically had my mind set on burger bar, but forgot which hotel it was in. On the bright side, my skimpy little shreds of chicken accompanied by a few bell peppers was probably a lot less caloric.
3	So on this trip to Vegas I decided I wanted to eat something else besides burgers, steaks, and buffet food. So I finally gave in and went for some overpriced Chinese food.  I came pretty late (like thirty minutes before closing..which I think was midnight), so I was seated very quickly.    The atmosphere of the place is pretty cozy and chic, but without having that uber "hey look we're a fusion restaurant" look. The menu had a good amount of items that seemed pretty authentic. Anyway I ordered some Chinese broccoli in oyster sauce, beef chow fun, and a roasted duck noodle soup.   Service throughout the night was very quick and friendly (even though the place was pretty much closing) and the servers constantly came by to check on me...which was nice. The food on the other hand...well I don't know what it was...but nothing was that hot...in temperature. As if everything was cooked, but sat out for five or ten minutes before they served it to me.  As for the quality, it was somewhere between what you'd get at a Chinese buffet and actually going to a restaurant in a decent Chinatown. As for prices...well it's Vegas so it's definitely higher than what you'd expect from a Chinatown place (i.e. Beef Chow Fun was like $15...where as in Chinatown would be closer to $8-10). But not going to make you go broke by any means.  I think my only major beef with the place was that my hot tea was luke warm...kind of annoying.  Anyway The Noodle Shop is definitely not a place I would go out of my way for. But the food quality was good enough, the prices were fair, and the service was very good. If I was craving Chinese food and in the Mandalay Bay or near it...I wouldn't hesitate to stop in. ~G
3	Came here after checking in at the Mandalay late on Friday.To be honest, this place was okay, but I'll give it 3 stars cuz the service was pretty damn good. I ordered wonton noodle soup. Not bad, not awesome. Big portion, just pretty average in taste.BF ordered singapore style curry noodles. They were okay as well, nothing spectacular. I guess if you are hungry and it's late and you dont want to go to the Bellagio for their bomb ass noodle shop, then this is a good option.We had the duck summer rolls to start. BLECH!! Just gross and hard and not worth it. Also had the shrimp shumai. Eh.. they were ok. Overall, this place was just ok.
1	Both my friend and I got sick eatting here over the weekend.  Had a craving for some won ton noodles and I really didnt want to drive or catch a cab to go some place else.  Big mistake.  The broth was warm, the noodles were soggy and the won ton was barely cooked.  It's very expensive by the way.  You are looking at around 14 dollars for a bowl of noodles.  Sam woo in Spring mountain road is better if you are willing to catch a cab out there.  The wok at the mgm is cool too if you want to walk across to MGM.  Hate to say this but if I had to stay at the Mandalay Bay again, i might have to eat there again............I guess I won't be staying at the mandalay bay.........hahahaha.  If you would like to eat at a great authentic chinese restaurant off the strip.........try Joyful House.
1	Restaurant is overpriced and over rated, for the price that they charge for the food, you would figure that it would be at least decent, especially after a night in vegas. you want to get something good to eat. I found myself taking a cab the next day to Spring Mountain and found some real chinese food, at great prices.
1	read karen's review. I'm the guy who wanted to throw up.
2	On our last day in Vegas, everyone wanted to eat something different. As for me, I remember seeing the noodle shop, and having some hot noodle soup or chow mein sounded yummy after drinking all weekend. So, our group headed over to the noodle shop.First off, the service is really really bad here. The service is slow, and half of the staff doesn't know what they're doing. Granted you don't get good service in a Chinese place, it was still worse than many other places. Our waiter just didn't care about anything, and never came back to ask how our food was or refill our water. On top of that, we wanted to split the bill at the end. So the way we usually do that, is write each person's last 4 digits of their credit card number and the amount they want to have charged on their card. At every restaurant, waiter's are please to see us make it so easy for them, and have it done right away. However, the staff here just couldn't figure it out. We waited a total of 20 minutes just to get our bill back. I noticed that there was about 4 people trying to handle the bill, and none of them could get it, so they finally had the manager come out. After the whopping 20 minutes, we finally got our bill back.As for the food here, let's just say I much rather go to Panda Express for my Chinese food. I ordered chow mein, and it was soo bland and soo oily and greasy. I can't cook Chinese food for shit, and I could whip something better up.Overall, I was really disspointed since I was craving some good , or even settle for decent, Chinese food. Good thing I went over to my aunt's house after and she made me some amazing Cantonese food.
3	Fine for tourists, but locals gotta go to china town for this stuff
3	Service at The Noodle Shop was good, our server was very attentive. Servings are family style and the price is reasonable, we had order the typical.Beef and Broccoli: delicious!!Fried Rice: blandChow Mein: oily and bland
3	This was a nice source of comfort food to get ready for an evening of debauchery.  I had a bowl of Pho....actually a HUGE bowl of Pho!  My friend had a bowl of chow mein.  We were thoroughly satisfied with our cuisine.The server was very attentive, nice, and efficient.  This restaurant is located in within the cavernous halls of the massive Mandalay Resort.
2	We ordered Moo shoo Duck, Wonton Noodle Soup, and Pad Thai. The Moo Shoo Duck was a bit salty and the wrappers were dry and fell apart before anything was added to it. The wonton were really still and hard and you couldn't tell if there was shrimp in there or not. The noodles were soft, which was nice but not memorable. The Pad Thai was flavorless and the noodles were HARD!! The busboy who brought out the drinks was efficient. Our server who brought out our food was in some big rush even though the place was pretty empty. He reminded me of Jackie Chan, running around, carrying a zillion plates and putting them on our table so fast and talking a mile a minute that we could barely comprehend what was going on. The restaurant is pretty nice and clean, but I've had better food for half the price.
3	The food was good, but nothing special. The service was adequate. I had a noodle dish with beef and duck, and the noodles had an unappetizing slimy feel to them. The duck was good, but the portion was very small. They charge $2.50 per person for hot tea, which I thought was a little much, and everything on the menu is $13 or more. For the quality and portion sizes, I'd expect them to charge half the price. On the plus side, the place was cute and well lit and it was easy to forget you were in a casino.
1	I do hope people read this before they eat here. I agree with the previous review. The service is slow and disorganized. The food is waaaaaay overpriced for the portion and quality. We ordered Singaporean noodles and what we had seem like it came from Iraq or anywhere else except Singapore. The food here is just horrible. You're the better off getting a meal at the deli next to the sports book area. One more thing, our bill came out immediately after our dishes, literally. Just the type of service you expect from a place in a 5-star resort charging $18 entrees right?
3	Had lunch here last month and honestly, you have to judge it for what it is folks! You're in a casino in Las Vegas. Obviously, it's not going to be the most authentic spot on earth, and obviously, prices are going to be 3 times what they'd be anywhere else. Does it do the trick? Totally! And is it still a lot more affordable than other Vegas options? Totally! I had the pho with white chicken meat and was more than happy with my option. My friend had a chicken dish and liked it as well. Looking for something a little less pricey in Mandalay, especially good comfort food, this will do the job.
1	If you want the most expensive, least bang for your buck, biggest ripoff of a restaurant you can imagine, come here.  $8 for a bowl of soup (3-4 spoonfuls)?  My Chinese ancestors, preaching a culture of frugality, are rolling over in their graves.  I hate this place for making me feel so unjustified for spending that money...and seeing as that's all you do in Vegas w/ gambling and partying, for the Noodle Shop to be my biggest loss that weekend is just sad.
1	completely overpriced. service is slow. food is moderate.. would not recommend the pho or the preserved egg congee. but I guess if you are trapped in the Mandalay and must have Chinese food (and money is no object).. then consider yourself forewarned.
2	Expensive and bland!My grandma always has to get her soup on when she gambles, so we came here and good lorddddddddd... I am better off eating Cup O Noodles in my room, which are so much more flavorful!  The staff could use some flavor too!  Everyone had this look on their face!  Maybe their coworker just passed away, and if that is the case, then I take back what I said, but if not, then based on their facial expressions, this is what they say about Noodle: "Don't come eat this pathetic excuse of an Asian restaurant."I know it is Vegas, so it will be generic tasting.  I'll give them a star for trying and another for their wide range of Asian dishes.
3	I stopped here for lunch after seeing the Bodies exhibit at the Luxor.  Fusia was closed (my first idea), and I didn't really feel like doing the bus transfer thing all the way out to Chinatown.   That doesn't mean I didn't want Chinese food.  This is where I ended up.The selection was okay, the food wasn't bad, but wasn't good (certainly not as good as what I could have gotten in Chinatown), and the prices were somewhat inflated (which I expected in a casino).
1	Never ever go here.  Really bland overpriced food with horrible service.  I've had better kung pao chicken out of a frozen bag from Trader Joe's....much better actually.
3	Not bad, not great.  We had two dishes... Pad Thai, which was not that good.  Also Orange Beef, which was good but salty.  Next time I will try the Chinese place at the Wynn.
2	It's easy to find and centrally located in the casino.  It's fairly large with plenty of seating, cute asian themed decor and seems deceptively nice.  But . . .  it is a disappointing lunch spot.Firstly or waitress was hard to be found when needed, slow, not very friendly and overall not horrible but not good either.  We had to ask other staff in a nearly empty restaurant to help us.The food.  Well I ordered the pad thai, it's a fair amount of bland food.  It just didn't have a lot of flavor, from the chicken to the noodles - nothing.  The peanuts were the only saving grace of the dish.  I also shared a pairing of meats including ribs and duck.  The duck was a little dry but fairly good.  The ribs though good hardly had enough meat.  So it was pretty ok.  The white rice was good . . . .Of course it's expensive, it's Vegas but the quality of food and service did not match the prices.
3	My mom, aunt and i were in a hurry to find something to eat so we can go catch our Lion King show in 30 mins! We went in and were greeted by a really nice lady who gave us our menu, our waitress came and asked us if we wanted something to drink and my aunt was like "I'm sorry but we're in a hurry and we're hungry so we were wondering if  we can order the shrimp fried rice and the tom yum soup, and if you can make it really quick?" and she was like "Of course! so she put in the order came back and was like "would you like to pay now since i can take it and get everything done for you so you can eat and go?" and my aunt was like "that would be awesome!" and guess what...the food came in i swear 5 mins super fast! The fried rice was okay...there are better places and the soup was eh...could have been better. We ate like we were in the military or something...thats what my mom said lolwould we go here again? Maybe when we're in a hurry like that hahahah
1	You would think this would be the perfect place to cure a hang over right? ...We were wrong... there was 10 of us and we only had to wait about 15 minutes for them to clear 2 tables for us. Once we were seated, we looked at the menu only to find the prices were pretty freakin nuts for the type of food this place offers. (ie. $20 for pho, $18 for pad thai, $18 for wonton noodle, $26 for wonton, scallop, pork, vegetable soup, $10 eggrolls, $4 for thai ice tea, etc **these aren't the exact prices but its around this price**).After ordering our food, we had to wait about 15 minutes just to get our drinks. Had to wait another 45 minutes to get our food. I guess they wanted to serve us all at once so half of the food that came out was already cold or room temperature. Onto the food.... ABSOLUTELY the worst chinese/vietnamese/thai food we've ever had. Everything lacked flavor, meats and seafood was chewy, soup tasted water down, portions were kind of small for what you pay for, etc. I work and eat in downtown Oakland China Town all the time, and The Noodle Shop doesn't even compare to anything there.... Pho or wonton noodle soup is my hang over food, and this place just wanted to make me throw everything up.This place was highly understaffed, and the cooks were slow.... My friends and I have already made complaints, so in the mean time...STAY CLEAR AWAY!!! You're better off walking 5 minutes away to McDonalds!
2	Food here....yuck!  I ordered the seafood soup which tasted bland, others ordered the pho, Mongolian beef, etc, and all seemed like it was missing something.  Not talking about MSG, but it seems they didn't even bother to taste or season well the food.  And to compound our wonderful excursion, the waitress when giving the bill said, "Don't forget to leave tip!"  I usually leave more than 20% when I eat out, this time, she doesn't even deserve half that!In summary, yucky food, high not worth prices, and rude service.  A must skip if ever in the Mandalay Bay Hotel!
2	Eh, not that great.  I definitely expected a lot more because of the location and price of the restaurant.  The service was not that great.  I actually had my bill slapped on my table as I was eating my lunch.  He expected me to pay too! but that wasn't really why I gave it 3 stars.  The food wasn't that good.  I tried the thai spicy noodles that costed me 15 bucks.  Ugh, just.. not that amazing.  Mediocre, poor service, and just bleh.  I really liked the interior design though!
1	SO awful! This is one of those moments where I'm extremely disappointed in myself for not yelping some places before I go to them. I assumed that this restaurant being in a well known well liked hotel that it was equally well liked. WRONG! It took a solid 15-20 mins for our server to greet us for the first time. If it wasn't for being hungover in Vegas and not wanting to move we would've left and had lunch somewhere else. My friend and I ordered Pad Thai, Chow Mein and Veggie Egg Rolls. I honestly could have had better if I just order Chinese take-out. The food was like cardboard, flavorless and unappetizing. But enough about the food, it was the service that threw us over the edge. Not only did it take 15-20 mins for the server to greet us but after he brought us our food we never saw him again! We literally had to get up from our table at one point and search to pay our bill! I can't even remember if that's ever happened to me before. Overall it was one of the worst dining experiences I've had....ever.
2	Since my son wanted some Asian food and this place is just downstairs we had to give it a try. We had BBq pork -roast duck combo. Fried rice.All we good  also my son had the wor won ton soup.  As with every one else I think it was pricey for the type of food.  What I don't understand is if the food is blah why is it so dang busy.  The 1st time we ate there we were greeted and seated within minutes.  The 2nd time we ate there yes we ate there twice. The was a wait for about 15 minutes or so before we got in.  The waiter were ok although they do tend to forget about once they serve your food.  Over all experience 2 stars If I only knew there was a Panda express across the street you'll be better off eating there.
4	Went here with a group of 11 this weekend after a wedding, reception and a little bit of after partying.Everyone got something different and there was a lot of sharing and tasting around the table.Every single one of us was happy with our food, another reviewer said that they would rather go to Panda Express and that just blows my mind.  The food at Noodle Shop was really well prepared and perfectly seasoned when we were there!Some of the standouts from the evening include the Pad Thai (both shrimp and chicken) the Pho (expensive for Pho but tasty!), the eggplant, the black bean chicken and a tofu dish.  The lettuce wraps were tasty but the ones at P.F Changs are better (and I hate PF Changs).The place is a little pricey but it's a restaurant in a casino in Las Vegas.  I don't think they were priced more than any similar places we saw and the food was MUCH better than most casino/hotel cafes I've been to.I will definitely hit up the Noodle Shop again when I am in Vegas next.
3	Same as Annette (it was after my wedding ;D), and while I can't give it 4 full stars, I would totally give it 3.5 if I could.  They sat and dealt with 11 rowdy people with ease.  The prices were ridiculous, but it was a Vegas casino on the strip - it looked about as ridiculous as anything else we were at.I got the shrimp, noodles, and XO sauce and while I had to add a good deal of chili sauce to spice it up, I thought it was delicious.  I also tried the orange peel beef, the chicken with black bean sauce, and some of the pho broth which was totally yummy.  Everyone I was with liked their food quite a bit!I'd go here again if the opportunity presented itself - but being that there are so many restaurants in Vegas and I'm only there so often, I don't think I'd make it a priority though.
1	The worst pad thai we have ever had and the waitress just threw food at us and ran off.   They were understaffed and the quality is horrible.
2	My party was seated very quickly because, well, the place was pretty damn empty. This was on Sunday around lunch time. Fortunately, the food came out quickly too. I ordered the sea bass congee, and it was pretty basic. A few green onions. Small sea bass pieces. No Chinese donut. No century egg. The problem here is the price. For what it is, way too much to recommend. The congee itself was fine but not spectacular enough to justify the price of $17+. Do not plan on coming back, but I do plan on having some better, cheaper congee soon.
3	I wrote a favorable review for Raffles, and The Noodle Shop is next door...or rather in Raffles or an appendage thereof.  You would think they shared the same kitchenThis is a different review...I did not enjoy my won ton soup with noodles..It was bland and tasteless.  Perhaps, I cant remember enjoying a soup less..and I am happy with CampbellsYet at the same time, everyone seemed to enjoy their selections:  Fried rice, Orange beef, Marinated chicken, Pad thai, Veggie spring rollsSo what am I saying?  Go to The Noodle Shop except for Noodles?
4	yummy, great late night eats
2	The only thing that's good here is the won ton noodles, i mean the texture of the noodles... Other than that everything else was NO BUENO! Our vietnamese coffee was watered down, and our duck was OLD! never again!
3	If you like MSG, come to the noodle shop in Mandalay bay to get your $15 a pop wonton soup.  While the service was impeccable and the waiters and waitresses were running around with their cute little Chinese restaurant accents (I am almost certain people do not talk like this normally - the Chinese accent for restaurants is totally romanticized.  i.e. I know plenty of Chinese people with terrible accents and enunciate on all the wrong harsh syllables.)Anyway, I can't believe we paid almost $30 for 2 bowls of MSG noodles.  It's straight robbery, I tell you.  I'd probably do it again, if I was stuck in Mandalay bay and hungover.
2	I paid $20 for a seafood pan fried noodle that was pretty bland. I ordered takeout, so if I had to say one good thing about this place, its that it took them about 5 minutes to make my food.Other than that, if you're at the casino and you're hungry, do yourself a favor and get out to In-N-Out. Or, walk across the street to Panda Express and/or McDonald's.
1	Ok, dined here last night for the third time in 2 years. Sorry Mandalay Bay but the Noodle Shop is just terrible and horribly overpriced. I swear the chefs have no idea what chinese and thai food is supposed to taste like. If I buy an asian cookbook can I open a restaurant?  Seriously, for the third time the pad thai was a wattery soup that tasted like jiffy peanut butter.  The lettuce wraps had absolutly NO seasoning or flavor. The mu shu duck was fair but the pancake was so dry it just crumbled upon folding. Why is this place soooooo bad yet stays alive. If you think panda express is great asian food you will still be utterly disappointed! There are so many great noodle shops in Vegas that are traditional, delicious,  and less expensive, try the one in the back corner of the Venetian!By the way, I was sober every time I've eaten here.Do not waste your money or one good evening in Vegas.
3	usually places that serve multiple types of cuisine can't hang, but i actually found the food at the noodle shop to taste just like at back home.  too bad the prices are double what a normal SGV restaurant would charge.  it IS vegas afterall, so you really shouldn't be surprised.  for the convenience factor of being inside the mandalay bay, and the fact that you can satisfy everyone in your groups craving with choices ranging from won-ton noodle soup to pho, i was pretty satisfied.
3	The wonton soup at the Noodle Shop was just what my tummy needed after indulging at buffets along the strip for the last couple of days.  The broth was hot and flavorful, and it helped soothed my throat which has grown weary from inhaling the smoke filled air of the casinos. The long thin noodles were a lot of fun to eat and were very tasty.  The wontons were good, but I don't think they were as good as other wontons I've had.  They offered generous portions which left me comfortably full.  However, the downside is the price-- $13 is a lot for a bowl of wonton soup!  I'd probably see what other Asian restaurants there are in the area before I return to this one.
2	Yeah ummmm. Totally didn't read the reviews before going in here today, and was expecting a bit more flavor from this place.Got the roast pork (cha chiu), Chinese broccoli  and steamed rice.  Well, I got it like 35 minutes after I ordered it.....I was kinda pumped to see they had some of my favorites, but I have to say it was pretty bland.  The cha ciu was not sweet enough, and there was little-to-no brown sauce to add flavor. The Chinese broccoli was blanched properly, and had a drizzling of oyster sauce on it----but that only gives flavor to the lucky broccoli that got the sauce.Again, if you are in need of a real Chinese fix, this joint isn't the top choice.  Head over to the Spring Mountain Rd area...
1	Where the hell does a restaurant come off trying to charge $7.95 for kimchi?! My friends and I only ordered due to the convenience factor being that we were staying at Mandalay Bay. Everything on the menu was WAY overpriced for mediocre Chinese food. I'd have gladly went to a restaurant in Spring Mountain if we were mobile, but with the outrageous prices I would have forked over the cab money in retrospect. I think I was really grumpy that night due to lack of sleep (Vegas...), but things started off poorly after it took almost 15 minutes to get the beer we ordered. I'd talk about the food, but really it's nothing to really write about.
1	Very disappointing, tasteless and expensive for what you get.
3	Located in the Madalay Bay, this place is pricey for what it is.  Having a restaurant.com gift certificate definitely helped though, so I recommend that.My friend had the pork dumplings.  There were only 4 but he said they were very good.  The Tom Yum soup was good as well.  For entrees we had the mongolian beef and szechuan shrimp.  Good, but the place is pretty expensive so it should be good.  It's decent and so I may go back.
1	It's been more than a week since I was here, but having just found the receipt from this restaurant in my wallet I felt it appropriate to warn all tourists to not eat here.The Mrs. and I ordered soup and noodle entrees (Won Ton and BBQ Pork) which were tasty, but definitely not worth the $17.95 and $12.25 we paid. A few Thai Iced Teas later we were looking at close to $50 for two people eating soup for lunch. I understand the rules of traveling, especially when you go to Las Vegas. You'll normally spend $10 for every mixed drink and $8 for every beer. That's just how it works and it's fine if you get good food and great service, but that's not what we got.I'm not sure if it was how we looked or dressed but our server "Wendy" was rushing us the entire time. She kept checking to see if we were done with our soup and kept peaking from behind the exit to see how much longer we'd be eating. Another server came by and tried to take our bowls when we weren't even done. They didn't even leave us an option for desert as Wendy rushed the bill to our table. For mediocre-good food, this place had poor service. I couldn't understand why they wanted us out so quickly, it's not like this place was busy at 2:51pm on a weekday afternoon. In Summary: The food was good, the tea was fine, the prices were inflated and the service was awful. Instead, go to the Chin-Chin restaurant at New York New York Hotel & Casino for amazing Asian food and top notch service with reasonable prices.
1	Worst dinner in Vegas by far.
5	My daughter and I ate here twice during our stay at Mandalay Bay, despite the bad reviews on here and it was great. We were seated promptly and someone came up to take our drink orders right away. After giving us a couple minutes to study the menu our server came up to take our order. We got the Chicken Chow Mein and the Chinese Broccoli. It only took 10 minutes to arrive before us and it was good. The chow mein was not too greasy and had plenty of flavor and my 5 year old daughter and I are picky about our chow mein. The broccoli was perfectly cooked with just the right amount of oyster sauce. I would eat here again.
2	Great location in the Mandalay Bay...great ambience...however, the food is overpriced....and not that great. My friends and I shared Mongolian Beef and Fried Rice...we waited a good 20 minutes before our food arrived and I wasnt very impressed with the food. Had better Chinese food in a mall.....
1	Wow really? I was way too hungover to check yelp before coming here.  That's the last time I make that mistake.  It was way overpriced and flavorless.  Our group had the wonton soup with noodles.  The broth was like boiled water.  I had the lunch special with mongolian beef and hot and sour soup.  Some special at almost 20 bucks.  Not much beef.  Also there were flies in the restaurant.  I could accept that at a hole in the wall joint not a place inside mandalay. PLEASE DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE!!!
1	Over priced Asian food! I get it, it's a vacation spot and they have to price accordingly.But hey at least make the food decent. I ordered a seafood stir fry with veggies and I think that was around $18 (yikes- really super high)Thai ice tea was $4.50 - and I didn't order that.Their Phou soup was priced supper high. I don't have a problem paying vacation prices, but it seriously was not that good. Greasy, salty and unsatisfied...........
4	I've been here a hundred million times. Literally.They have really good food. I used to come here with the casino hosts from the Mandalay Bay, so we never 'did' lines. But, there are lines, there are tons of people who want to be here all the time, and the place is small. XO string beans. They have an asparagus thing that is pretty good. Their Pho is so-so. Eggplant is pretty good. Its all good. Its all very very expensive.
2	I learned the valuable lesson of what happens when you don't yelp a restaurant when traveling.. The Noodle Shop was utter crap... Overpriced and seriously mediocre.. I passed by the place and it looked  decent and it was jam packed with smiling Asian folks... I thought that was a good sign.., but boy was I wrong... I tried the seaweed salad with deep fried tofu, seafood wonton soup, and roasted duck/ BBQ pork combo.. The BBQ pork was decent but only had about four bites with the serving.. Totally overpriced $18.... The ice teas were like $4 bucks and of course you gave to pay for a "small" side of steamed rice... The rice was actually worth it's price tag, but really "how do you f$*k up rice"... If you have a need to waste money and torture you're taste-buds then the Noodle Shop will not disappoint...* gave this place a second star  because the service was good despite it being packed....
1	Overpriced and tasteless. Do not waste your money. The main dishes here had no taste. I think the chef was asleep. My family was totally disappointed. By far, the worst meal we had in Vegas. I would have enjoyed Burger King.
2	Decent quality noodle soups here, but docked 2 stars on the value proposition.  What goes for $13-$15 here, can be had for maybe $7 in Chinatown.  2x for the Mandalay Bay premium seems a bit high.  This place used to be more of a cheap eats business, but has since changed.
2	It's ok food. A little better than your normal Chinese but that's all. Service was fast. Portions are normal sized for a Chinese. It's pricey, 70 bucks for 3 but it's normal prices for Vegas. Definitely overpriced.
4	Not going to complain about the price as EVERYTHING is overpriced in the strip's hotels.  They have decent HK style food and we even ordered in Cantonese.  We had the flat rice noodles with beef and it was excellent.  The "yee-meen" noodles with veggies were alright.
1	Saw that there were some mixed reviews for the place on Yelp but I was staying at the Mandalay and needed some food.  I was a bit disappointed in the Noodle shop.  The staff was a bit brusque and slow at times.  I felt that the service was extremely slow for an afternoon late lunch with a near empty restaurant while several staff members present.  Figured that the authentic service would be a good sign, but alas I was in for a disappointment.The food was average chinese food that I could get in Delaware, which if you have read my posts before that is a very low bar.  I ended up getting the chicken lettuce cups as an appetizer and the Hong Kong style noodles with seafood.The chicken filling was well made with a nice mild sweetness it.  The water chestnuts were chopped and crisp.  As a difference there was some pine nuts mixed in which was a nice crunch and flavor.  Chicken was moderate, but nothing special.  Disappointingly the dish came with only 3 leaves of lettuce for the dish, much too few.  The other problem was that they served it with ROMAINE lettuce, not much of a cup or able to wrap it up.  Poor choice of lettuce type.Hong Kong style noodles were not freshly made, they were standard type thick noodles.  Not exactly pasty but pretty close.  The fish in the seafood was cold and flat tasting with a bit of gristle.  The shrimp was well seasoned and prepared but that was the only highlight of the dish.  Overall the dish was a bit oily and disappointing.While I understand that the food would be a bit more expensive because of the location in the casino it was way overpriced considering the quality of the food.  The dishes were of low quality compared to what I would expect at Vegas in a casino.  I avoided this place during the remainder of my trip and would not return.
2	After a few days in Vegas doing what you do in Vegas -- eat, drink, eat, drink, rinse, repeat -- I wanted something "light": Asian food! In more of a hurry and not really caring we ducked in here for a quick lunch. I really wish we would have tracked down a Pei Wei instead...The pan seared pork (and shrimp) dumplings were very good, but the Pad Thai shrimp fell short. We weren't quite sure what was going on with it, but as my friend noted, "why is it so orange?" might have been one thing. The shrimp were definitely frozen and beyond small, over cooked, etc.Stick with the dumplings, steer clear of the Pad Thai shrimp.
4	Hmmm The Noodle Shop. Me and the girls wanted something cheap and easy, and we didn't feel like going off the strip. So we went to old relible which is The Noodle Shop. We each order the same thing which was Kung Pao Chicken. (I know lame but hey) I ordered my extra spicy and they did not let me down. I swear we each had so much food but as hungry as we were, it was well worth it. Service was a little off but considering we were not in a hurry and had no where to be, it was quite ok.If you are ever in Vegas and staying at the Mandalay Bay, stop over to The Noodle Shop. Yes the reviews are all over the place but you just may be pleasantly surprised.
2	Mediocre Chinese food.+ Located inside our hotel so it was convenient.- Small portions- Somewhat expensive- Small portions- Small portions- Small portions- And last but not least, SMALL PORTIONS! The one plate per person rule doesn't apply here.  Two or three plates per person would be more fit.  In Vegas, restaurants should have one of two things: 1) Great food  2) All- you-canThis place has neither.I think the food would've tasted a whole lot better AFTER the Halloween party...
1	We stopped by The Noodle Shop before seeing the Lion King. I had the crazy idea that the larger casinos' restaurants would at least be "decent", so I didn't check Yelp beforehand. I should have known better!My boyfriend ordered pho and I ordered vegetable pad Thai. We split the seaweed salad as an appetizer. The seaweed was good but the added tofu was unnecessary. Overall though, pretty good. Since there aren't many vegetarian options on the menu, I asked if the pad Thai could be made with vegetables instead of meat. She said that wouldn't be a problem. Our dishes came and I was disappointed to see that my entree consisted of nothing more than orange, oily noodles and a few pieces of onion. That's it. No extra veggies, peanut crumbles or fresh bean sprouts. I'm sure it would have been acceptable for some hungover frat boy, but I expected a little more. It lacked the taste and texture that's pretty standard at even the worst Thai restaurants. My boyfriend compared his soup to "mall pho" and it was missing the traditional condiments. Overall, this place definitely wasn't worth the price and I recommend skipping it.
2	Had a quick meal here as it was 2pm and all we had to eat so far that day was Fat Tuesday's frozen daiquiris (yes, with the extra shot). I wasn't about to repeat my L'Atlier experience from last year. I needed something in my stomach before dining at Sage, stat! My friend ordered the beef satay and I got the Hong Kong won ton noodle soup. I've had better, but for under $12 it hit the spot. The broth lacked any of the subtle nuances that you can get with ramen broth, but the won tons had generous amounts of shrimp (and not much else). My friend thought her beef satay was way too sweet. Service was well, true to what I call "Asian restaurant service"--they bring you your food and leave you alone. I rarely tip 15% nowadays but here is where it may be justified. The reason why this place exists is because Vegas attracts a lot of Asian gamblers and if they're like my parents, they would prefer to eat Asian food. Heed my advice and do not eat here if given the choice. A better meal awaits you somewhere else.
4	I did not expect this to be so good! I read these reviews and went anyway since I had a restaurant.com coupon. We ordered the seabass and pad thai and I loved them both. I wasn't' exactly stuffed as the portions aren't huge but it was as yummy as could be. Surprise for me! I have to assume with so many poor reviews on this place that it depends what you order. No idea how this food was rated poorly. It was delish!!
1	if you've ready any of these reviews, you already know this place is pricey so i won't harp on it (almost $16 for pho, are you kidding me?!). okay maybe a little.but if they're going to rape and pillage our wallets, i suggest they at least try to make the food tasty. more to the point, have some taste/flavor. also, for a place called "the noodle shop" there was a disappointing choice of noodles. really? yes, really.FOOD-after getting my bowl of beef noodle soup, the soup looked pretty bland and there was a lot of oil floating on top. i gave it the benefit of the doubt as looks can be deceiving but after taking a sip of the soup, i knew that looks were right on. there was NO flavor to the broth. it was more like oily water with a tinge of beef. the beef pieces were also fatty and stringy with maybe two pieces of that were of any substance. my friends ordered two staple dishes: the pad thai (how can you go wrong with that?) and beef fried rice (how can you go wrong with this?). the pad thai did not taste like pad thai. i understand if you want it to be all fusion-y but should it not at least retain some of the flavor of what it claims to be? it was orange-colored like pad thai. didn't taste at all like pad thai. the fried rice was bland and needed chili paste to bring out some semblance of flavor. speaking of chili paste...SERVICE -we went at 9pm and there were maybe 4 other parties in the whole place. after we received our order, we didn't see the waiter again for half the meal as i ate slowly because i wanted to ask the waiter for some chili. eventually, i had to walk up to the hostess and ask her for it because we had no idea where our waiter was. a few minutes later, our waiter came briskly by our table without a word (no "sorry for the wait" or "is there anything else you need?"), plopped the chili down and kept walking. at least he didn't throw it.sure, it's convenient, but it isn't worth that convenience. walk outside the strip and get some panda express if you're jonesing for asian food. it certainly beats this place in terms of taste and is cheaper.p.s. - $2.50 per person for tea?! the casino's robbing you enough already. don't waste it on this joint.
4	I came here, starving, after unnecessarily fasting for over 15 hours (oh laziness, what you can do to a girl) I came here, STARVING. I was unpleasantly greeted with a line, however, I was delirious due to hunger so I waited. (I did notice like, 5 empty tables waiting for seats, but the this place was REALLY understaffed) I sat and ordered Thousand year old egg with shredded pork congee. My mother ordered wonton mein, and my sister ordered... pot stickers? This place was a mix of different kinds of asian cuisine, I managed to find a red bean beverage and pad thai (not chinese food) So this place could be your fix for all sorts of asian cuisine.The staff understood cantonese, so they're authentic and my entree seemed legit. The congee was super flavorful but it was WAY thick... I'm not saying I like watery congee, but this was like pudding thick. Anyways, the pork was a tad salty, but overall, the congee was really good.My mom seemed content (not stoked) about her wonton mein and my sisters pot stickers looked like fried sui mai. or not pot stickers of any sort, to be honest.I liked this place a lot, if the service was better, I'd consider coming back within the same trip.. maybe, the price was very off putting though.
3	Oddly, for all the negative hype of this place, and the ridiculous price tag (and I'm talking ridiculous - I think we paid the same amount here as we did the Border Grill, and that's a signature restaurant while this one is labeled "casual" by Mandalay Bay), the food was actually pretty tasty.  I think the expense has to do solely with the fact that this is Vegas we're talking about - anywhere people can be bilked to fork over change, whether it be for fois gras or a plate of fried rice, it's going to happen.That all being said, my potstickers and chow fun were tasty and came out of the kitchen hot.  I was satisfied and pleasantly surprised.  If you're stuck in Mandalay Bay and are craving asian, this is fine by mid-level standards.
1	Dreadful service. Boring food. Stupid prices.On a relatively slow night, I was seated immediately, but it was fifteen minutes before a waiter came to my table and asked "What do you want?""Well, a menu would probably be a good start." I replied.He disappeared for another five minutes before dropping off a menu without a word.Ten minutes later, same thing; "What do you want?"I asked some questions about the food that were answered with only the barest minimum of information.Service with a snarl seemed the order of the night.I finally settled on the curried noodles and a cold sake. I should note here, that while I believe that there are several sake options, none other than cold/hot were offered to me, and there was no drink menu.The dish was like a package of store-bought ramen noodles with just a hint  of curry flavor, but TONS of salt. It also had a few shrimp and some duck bits in it, which was fine for me - but was not mentioned on the menu. Vegetarians beware. Sadly, with such a salty dish, I never got a refill on my water, nor on my sake - as a matter of fact, the waiter never visited my table again until he brought the check. He never asked if I wanted anything else - desert, maybe - and I had to beg for another glass of water.He then hovered over me while I figured out the bill (almost $40 for ramen and a glass of cheap sake).Horrible, horrible, horrible....AND, I might add, Horrible.Don't do it.
1	We attended a late show in the Mandalay and opted to eat at the Noodle Shop afterward for dinner as it was closeby.  There were several tables occupied and we were promptly seated.  The service was slow.  The food was awful. The peanut sauce for the satay was tomato based (!), and the chicken was dried out, obviously cooked hours before.  The other two entrees were orange beef, gummy and off tasting - a clump of meat on a plate without any type of sauce or garnish, and beef and vegetable low mein (chopsuey/fried noodle) which was extremely greasy with the only 'vegetables' being a generous handful of onions.  Yep, only onions.  We were half through the meal before the hot tea arrived.  I guess the most telling point was the waiter, who was fairly scarce,  NEVER asked how things were even when 90% of the food was uneaten.  My advice, go down to the food court and get Panda Express.  At least there the food would be fresh and half the price.
1	EW.....was walking through Mandalay Bay with my BF on our last day in Vegas and saw this place and got really excited. We were both a little hungover and some chow mein and fried rice sounded perfect. I SO wish I had checked YELP before dining here. Service was horrible...we were seated right after a couple who looked wasted but were given a great booth and we were given a table in the middle of the dining area...um noMe: "Can we PLEASE be moved to a booth?" Hostess: "Oh, hmmm..okaayyy...is this better for you" gave us a nice big booth with some big attitude to boot. Me: "Yes actually this is PERFECT"Server was quick, too quick for not being crowded at all. As if she didn't care and just didnt want to talk to us at all. They also forgot my drink, which just irked me in my hungover state. To the food: the Spring Rolls came out about 10 mins after we ordered them and they were mildly warm. To me this equals: They are premade and left out and then poorly reheated...ew. I got chicken chow mein...greasy, slimy, gross. My BF got pork fried rice...I dont like pork and this pork looked totally uncooked and the rice was not "fried" and barely had any veggies. Our server never came back to ask us if we wanted water and since there was so much sodium in the food we were dying for water. Had to practically yell at her across the room because she was darting about and talking with the other servers. Bill was about $60 which is fine since we were in Vegas, but NOT for the quality of the food or the service.
4	This was a lovely little place!The service was wonderful - very, very friendly waiter. Food was really good too. I had sweet and sour chicken which was better than your average American-Chinese stuff. The pricing was exactly what I would expect from a similar hotel casual dining restaurant in Vegas - definitely no surprise there.I'd definitely stop by again!
4	Delicious vegetarian spring rolls & grandfather chicken, mediocre service, nice atmosphere.
1	UGHHHHHH! after we ate here we were immediately dying from all of the MSG used in the food...everything was WAY too salty. and its very hard to make congee taste bad but they did...my husband had the pho and a friend of ours had the pad thai.......both of these were absolutely disgusting!!!!!! Its a cute fast place but the food is absolutely disgusting...
1	Oh dear this place is just bad.  The meat is bad, the noodles are bad, and the soup is completely terrible.  And it's super pricey.  Stay away!
2	With all the good food around in Mandalay Bay, our expectations for Noodle Shop where high. Unfortunately, for the second time, we were disappointed. We tried it last year, and again this year. Their menu is varied and looks good. But the food we ordered was bland.  This time, we had Pho (Vietnamese Noodle Soup).  We eat lots of Pho in various cities, and this one just wasn't close. The only saving grace is they offer a shaved ice, with red beans and coconut milk. Yummy!! For this, we went back a couple times for dessert.  But other than this, we do not recommend this place to our friends.
2	The waitress was friendly and the waiters are nice.  We went here twice.  The first time we thought it was very expensive.  Do not order the prawns!  They're not prawns..  They're just shrimp and they added the title "prawns" to them so they can charge you $26 for 9 shrimps bedded with salad.  It's pretty expensive here so you're better off getting comp from the casino to eat.  That's what we did the second time and it was okay.  The food is "not" bad nor is it spectacular.  The best plate there is probably the Shrimp/Pork Dumpling for Appetizer.  It's only 6 bucks and I would order 3 of those with a few drinks and call it.  If you want tea then they'll charge you $2.50 for a cup.  This is the only place I have ever been to that charges you tea.  LOL.  This place is still surviving because it's the only Asian Restaurant you'll find that caters to Asian people in Mandalay Bay.  I can't hate it...  I just hate the prices!
1	Walk away while you can.Went to Vegas for a bachelor party and statyed at The Hotel at the Mandalay. After checking in my boy's and I needed a quick fix and wanted something quick and cheap, which we could not find at the hotel. So we ended up at the noodle shop. Long story short, the food was okay and we paid  around $11 for effing soup that was just blah. We were still hungry and ordered the combination fried rice which was $12 blah, but for $12 I was expecting a mountain full of rice. Instead we got a speed bump of rice. Overall this place was an overall bust, that placed $25 in my pocket. If you can't find anything to eat at the Mandalay that's quick and cheap I recommend walking a little further to the Luxor or go to the Cafe.
5	Yummy!  I love this place!  Tasty dishes for a great price!  You definitely get your money's worth.  And the employees there are so cute and nice!
3	There aren't that many places open for lunch at Mandalay, so I was surprised that this place wasn't more crowded.  There is nothing special about this place, but just a quick place to drop in and get something to eat.  The orange chicken was decent, but nothing worth coming back for.
5	Best Har Gow and Chow Fun!!!My boyfriend and I went for dinner while we were in Vegas for a week for a convention and loved it so much that we convinced  our group (6ppl) to go for lunch 2 days later!  It is a perfect casual noodle/Asian cuisine restaurant.  Which is great for a casual experience when you tend to eat such heavy, large meals in Vegas.Amazing Har Gow with a bit of expected wait. The chow fun was delicious... Even when I ordered it without onions or bean sprouts. The pad thai was a tad oily so we asked for light oil the 2 time and enjoyed it. Great hot tea. The service was a little sub pair ESP for Vegas. The food out-weighed my opinion of this place.
1	Biggest mistake that I made on my recent visit to Vegas was not checking Yelp on this restaurant.As most reviewers have noted the food is not good and it is way overpriced.Lowlight of our meal.... My daughter order the BBQ pork noodle soup.  It was horrendous; it smelt and tasted like a bad fish market.Find any other restaurant.  Don't waste your time or your taste buds.
1	Astoundingly bad. We had some sort of chicken dish - it had an overly sweet sauce with way too much soy sauce and only after I was half way through did I realize what was really wrong. The chicken pieces appeared to be the preformed chicken  nuggets you get from any fast food joint smothered in a disgusting sauce. You can get better from the freezer cabinet at Safeway.Beef chow mein was tough, greasy and bland.
3	We came here one afternoon, after a morning of heavy drinking by the pool. We ordered a fried rice dish and something with duck. The service was very quick, the atmosphere was very nice and the food was delicious. It helped sober me up enough for the evening and was definitely the best food quality and portion size to price ratio we found in Vegas. The place was almost completely empty while we were there, maybe that's why things were better than other reviewers are reporting, but for whatever reason, I had a very nice experience there and would go back if I were staying at Mandalay Bay again.
3	This place is honestly not all that bad. The rating for the Noodle Shop is probably low just because A) not everything here is tremendous and B) the prices. I get it. The prices are lofty, but the food is homey and comforting.We decided to get the dim sum sampler, the duck noodle soup, the shrimp dumpling noodle soup, and the sichuan.The sampler? Probably not worth the $20. You get four different types of dim sum, with 2-3 pieces of each type. Tasty, but it might've been better if it were $10 or so.Everything else was very good. The duck in the noodle soup was perfectly cooked, the shrimp dumplings were tasty and plump, and both noodle soups had great broths and noodles. The eggplants were especially delicious.Why a three? Though the food was tasty, I JUST found out that restaurant.com offered a coupon for the Noodle Shop... SO ANGRY RIGHT NOW. Don't make the mistake I made -- retrieve a gift card from restaurant.com before you go here!!!
1	From the moment we were seated, we felt like we were an intrusion for the people working even though it was not very busy. They made our order wrong and the food was just ok. Also, the menu is a mix of dishes - it isn't really a 'noodle' restaurant.
1	While the menu looks appealing, the food was quite disappointing. This is the first time that I have had orange chicken where the chicken was processed chicken--yes, that's right--chicken nuggets for $16.50. The local drive thru nuggets with sweet & sour sauce rivals this for a third the price!
1	This was my first time @ The Noodle Shop, and to be honest, it sucked. Maybe I just ordered the wrong things, but doubt it. My friend and I ordered the shrimp in garlic sauce and the lo mein. Neither of them had any flavor whatsoever. The atmosphere, however, is super nice, and our waiter was AMAZING! I can't remember his name but he provided us with outstanding service. The prices at The Noodle Shop are not worth the bland flavored foods.
3	Ok spot. Way too pricey considering many many many many other asian hybrid places do it better.
3	**Take out Review**I hate to go against the grain, but I really enjoyed The Noodle Shop. My husband and I were in need for some comfort food, and for us, that's noodles. We ordered pad thai and Hong Kong Style Pan Fried Noodles and Seafood to go. The staff was helpful and kind, they kept it short and sweet so that we could be on our way. We had to go take care of some business with the concierge and when we got back, our order was waiting for us. We took it up to the room and enjoyed our noodles and TV (as God intended). The pad Thai was fantastic, and I am fully aware that it could be because I was starving, but either way, I enjoyed it very much. Mr. R. finished his dish and even had some of mine. I appreciate the Noodle Shop for being different from the other casual fare offered at Mandalay Bay, sometimes you have to take less than desirable noodles in order to get noodles at all.
3	I liked this place! What better way to nurse your hangover than a big bowl of pho or veggie chow mein? Service was quick  and friendly too.Prices were a little steep, but this is on par for all other pricing at any of the restaurants in/near the Mandalay Bay.I recommend it if you don't mind spending $20 on noodles.
3	Not as bad as 2 stars, but not great either.  I'd say it is passable.  Everything is just ok, not great, but not bad either.
1	The noodle soup I ordered was salty and only had 3 shrimps and a few squids in a so-called seafood Tom yum soup. It was bad and way overpriced. Would never come back
3	i was surprised coming here for the second time. I ordered beef noodle soup and it was pretty good.  It is pricy for casual chinese but it is expected.
4	My husband and I really enjoyed this place.  The soups are a must for a good hangover!  I'm giving it 4 Stars because of the Roasted Duck soup, and the service was friendly. 5 Stars are for the "OH MY GOSH!" places. While good, this wasn't one of those.  I think the reason people aren't giving this place better reviews is because they are used to their hometown Chinese joint, which I get, and because it's Vegas and it's pricier than their hometown too! LOL.  We loved it!  It tastes like Sam Wo's in SF, CA! Which I LOVE!  My sister ate here as well with us, and we've literally been craving the place, and my sister is SUPER picky with food!  So, there is my opinion!  I love it.
2	We ordered 3 dishes.Crispy Calamari for an appetizer.Then, Orange Chicken & Hong Kong Style Pan Fried Noodles w/ Sea Food. Crispy Calamari was oily rather than crispy in texture. I did not like the dipping sauce at all, too sweet for me. It could have been sweet & sour sauce...try adding the hot sauce.Orange Chicken was missing orange flavor. It was strong garlic and soy sauce flavors. Rice was on dry side...Hong Kong Style Pan Fried Noodles w/ Sea Food was tasty. It was over $50 just for food...
3	Noodle House at the Mandalay Bay. Exactly what you'd expect from a Chinese Noodle House.Price: Cheap.Food: Will satisfy most.Servings: More than enough for one, unless you always eat supersized meals.Presentation: Nothing fancy, just straight out good food.Taste: We've ordered a few of their dishes and no bad words were spoken, well except that their China tea which cost like a mother... The beef tenderloin noodle i had was delicious. Wait: It was fast, our food was served in the nick of time after we ordered, like fast food, except the food tasted better than we expected. Not a fan of noodle houses though. This place ain't that bad if you're craving for hot soup after getting buzzed.
3	Had dim sum sampler for 2, seaweed salad, BBQ pork noodle soup.It was just a sponteneous lunch at Mandaley. Price was not cheap either (we paid about $60).  Will go Chinatown next time.
4	Just ate at the Noodle Shop a few hours ago and everything was great! Being Chinese myself, I know what authentic Chinese food is, and this isn't it.  It's comparable to a PF Changs, maybe.  I would probably never pay full price to eat here, I had a restaurant.com coupon that I used to get $25 off.  We had the sweet and sour chicken and the mongolian beef.  Both plates were solid and tasty.  Portions are just right and respective sauces were good.  At the end of the meal, what was supposed to be a $40 meal after taxes and tip, came out to $15.  I felt a little bad since service was great, so I just tipped a bit more.  I will probably be back next time I'm in Vegas, but i will be coming armed with a coupon.
1	Way too over-priced for a not-so-great bowl of pho. The pho was bland and not worth $16. The duck noodle soup wasn't great either. The duck was on the dry side. I will never coming back!!!
1	The food is way overpriced for the quality. We had spring rolls-more greasy than most and soggy in the middle. My pad thai tasted nothing like pad thai-just grease and a cheap sauce, no flavor. My husband had the house fried rice and it was steamed rice with a few veggies and cold shrimp. He had a coffee and I had green tea. Our bill was $60. Nothing was good. We will never eat there again.
3	I should start out by saying that I live in NYC so I have several Chinatowns near me and have high expectations of chinese food.  That being said, the food was good but not great.  The main issue is the food was never hot.  I did go twice but only because I really wanted to try the Seafood Pan fried Noodles. I wasnt thrilled with it.  The first day, I had the lunch special of chicken, shrimp and beef with garlic sauce and 2 mini spring rolls (the app should have been served earlier than the main and it was not, so tell them if you want it that way).  That dish was excellent and had it been hot, it would have been stellar.  It came with white rice.  The lunch special is 18.99 and they have about 8 choices of specials; my dish was enough for 2.  Service was slow the first day and quick the second day. My water was refilled constantly and the waiters were very nice as was the Maitre D.  It is a casual restaurant located right off the casino so there is some people watching to be done if you get a table closer to the front.  I would recommend the restaurant for the chicken, beef, and shrimp dish but not for the pan fried noodles. I also would be specific and ask for very hot food and apps served first. None of these requests should be needed but if done, this review would have been markedly higher.
3	What will you pay for Asian food when you don't want to leave mandalay bay and you have a hangover?  This is the place!!Not bad congee and onion pancakes. Vegetable dish was a little over cooked.
1	We went because our kids love Chinese food. We ordered the lettuce wraps which were the most edible thing we ordered. I didn't know Chinese used pine nuts in their dishes.  We immediately turned away the seafood tom yum kung soup which was absolutely horrendous....cold and they didn't have a ladle....the broth tasted like old seafood and they used ramen noodles that resembled top raman.....we replaced the soup with kung pao chicken.....the only good thing about the dish was the roasted peanuts....they used chili paste, not whole Chiles. They was no pao to this chicken.   I'd noodle past the noodle house and go to PF Changs down the street.
3	This was just okay. Nothing we ordered was bad, but it was a bit overpriced. Okay, I know that should not be surprising in Vegas, but the environment was sparsley decorated, no real vibe of any sort at all. Bowls of soup were like $10. I guess I am used to the hard core authentic places that give you awesome food for giveaway prices.  Wonton soup was fine. Nothing here nor there. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IImZFNzX4cP84rFsyb-9mQ?select=bc-yxdm0IHKl6nonLzfwpwSeaweed salad was again fine. Standard. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IImZFNzX4cP84rFsyb-9mQ?select=QCkc2BuIX6v5Pq17ia_x1wPan Fried Dumplings were good. Nothing great, but good.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IImZFNzX4cP84rFsyb-9mQ?select=Dw-0ZFQtX-biYZj9ZKMAMAIt wasn't very Vegas festy inside. I think maybe if you have a hard core drunk craving for Chinese in your room and are willing to pay more than the usual price, this may be the answer, Otherwise, I wouldn't bother. Too many other cool places in Vegas to experience.
4	Would not have tried this , but as I always am reminded in California Chinese mainlanders and first generations  like to gamble and eat ......Chinese food. I'm thinking there has to be some Chinese chefs back here in Vegas! Hell they changed the whole facade of the Lion's mouth entrance for the MGM Grand since many Chinese would not go there!!  (bad luck) Ok remember where you are..... listen to the staff. They are almost all from China or Hong Kong Cantonese speaking!  the place is called Noodles ! it will be overpriced and not as good as Monterey park or your last visit to a Hong Kong street corner. Do not order the Pho, the Thai food, and for that matter ....the Japanese udon! These are all different Asian countries ! Thats like going to a place called  " EuroBeef " ... having the same guy making Brats, Beef Wellington, and  Beef Bourguignon... Have what these guys make all the time... Chinese noodle soup and the congee.... again overpriced, but that seems to be the theme in this hotel!  I had the seafood won ton noodle soup.... with chilean seabass? Yes it was really seabass (i was skeptical at first) .... seems like a waste in the soup . Really it was not bad and was as tender and buttery as any Chilean seabass. I have been reading reviews about the service.....well i am not defending by any means, but have they been to Chinatown / Monterey Park at all??!!  I know it looks like PF Changs....   Anyway my girlfriend had the Pho..... I warned her. It came with  Italian Basil like the kind you use on Caprese, and not the Thai/Asian  (her review will be 1 star! lol) The congee did look good too...
1	Oh my do these people deserve their 2.5 stars!I have been going to this place for as long as I can remember, every time that my tradeshow pops up at Mandalay Bay. And it gets worse, and worse and finally - disaster!First, I have to say that they have this incredibly amusing waitress who is any other Cantonese style Hong Kong restaurant, would be just as incomprehensible but alas...would only serve you great food, even if it was still moving when it arrived. Living in Hong Kong, I met plenty of ladies like this. And none would have ever remained in a job at such a terrible excuse of a Chinese restaurant. Even by Qwai Lo standards - this was a disaster.We had a bunch of dishes. The fish was fishy in smell. The noodles - bland. The chicken tastes better in those free samples given out at shopping malls. It was honestly one of the worst places I have eaten food at - period.The hotel gave me a 100 dollar gift certificate after we complained about our 45$ meal. They own the Noodle Shop and if they ever bother to read their reviews, it is a real wonder why they don't switch up the chefs/staff and management - fast!
4	I ate at the Noodle Shop several times while I was in Vegas. Initially because it had the shortest line but two more times because their menu was extensive and reasonably priced. I had duck last night that was delicious.
1	Really horrible Asian food in Mandalay Bay, right next to the casino.  I ate there once and didn't go back.
1	Close this Place. Should have know it. Empty Restaurant on Thursday Night. Service was very very nice but the Food. Awfull. Pf. Chang & Panda Express have better Food than this Restaurant. The Dessert Menu was a joke 3 Things to choose. Skip this Place.
1	Hello food network, we need intervention - please run an episode of restaurant impossible. Their 16 dollar bowl of pho is awfully bland, you are certainly better off driving 2 miles off the strip to eat a more graceful bowl of pho. I also had their fried rice and it was awful as well. For a restaurant inside a major hotel, I expected plenty more.
2	I know that I live in Irvine, the MECCA of authentic and tasty Chinese food, so perhaps my superior and spoiled palate has a higher standard for Chinese cuisine, but COME ON REALLY!!!! How do you mess up Mongolian Beef? My boyfriend and I got the Mongolian Beef (more like The Sugah Beef) and Mabo Tofu (it was aiight). The beef was WAY too sweet! I was expecting a spicy and savory flavor sensation, but clearly the cook was thinking something else!Definitely won't be going here again! $17.95 for sugary beef makes me a sour puss!
3	Wish I had read the reviews first.  Really too expensive for what you get.  My daughter thought her tofu dish was kind of bland.  I got the shrimp wonton soup and it was decent.  My GF had a beef/rice noodle dish and thought it was just ok.Our waiter was super friendly and did a good job.
4	My favoring chow mein is Chef Chu's near Mountain View, CA. My next favorite? Noodle Shop in Mandalay Bay!!. Good service, noodles were perfectly cooked and pan fried with just the right amount of spices, vegetables and plenty of white meat chicken. Yummy!!
2	We stopped in for a quick bite to eat before we caught our flight.  For hunger purposes it served its need.  I've eating many Asian soups before and this one wasn't anything to brag about.  The shrimp wonton noodle soup was equal to ramen noodle with delicate dumplings. For the price just grab a bagel or something else if you are famished or go in the gift shop or better yet wait until you arrive at the airport.
1	Food: We had the mu shu duck and the kung pao chicken and "special" fried rice. It was by no means special unless you want to be non-pc and utilize the short bus special analogy. I guess I could say this: It was special in the sense that it was about three times what you would normally pay for the same dish at any other mediocre Chinese restaurant.Service: Not only did we have to wait twenty minutes for our table (while 1/2 of the restaurant was empty) but when we finally were seated we had the pleasure of the most lackluster service I have received in about a year. In order to pay the bill we had to hunt down the hostess and give her our cash. I went to the restroom across the casino and came back and our change still had not come. The people across from us had to bum our sauce dish off of us after their server (same one) did not bring it to them after I heard them request it twice. I wanted to walk out.Run, don't walk away from this place.
3	This is probably a repeat of what most yelpers have said already, but this place is way too pricey for the quality of food.  I had the shrimp wonton soup, which wasn't bad, but wasn't mind-blowing either.  I also ordered the lychee martini which tasted like the juice that comes with canned lychee, and that was it, little to no alcohol content.  My sister had the chicken chow mein which she said was a little too salty.  My mother really liked her rice porridge, however, and I had a bite of the pan-seared dumpling that my other sister ordered which I found rather tasty.  Service was super-friendly though, couldn't fault them for that.  Still, I probably won't be returning.
2	I had the hot & sour soup and chicken shrimp & beef with garlic sauce.  It was OK.  At the time, it hit the spot.  I came down with a case of food poisoning, but I am not sure if it came from here.  I guess I will never know.
1	I went here in July 2012 and the service was horrible! The hosts and servers barely spoke English. We asked how big the portions were and our waitress couldn't even tell us, she didn't know. She just said, "order your food, if not enough, order more". Once we got our appetizers, they were extremely small. There was not enough for even two of our five party members to eat. We ordered pad thai, which was actually good but they brought us toppings to put on it and there were jalapeno and habanero. We were not told that there would be such spicy peppers. One of our party members is allergic and did not realize they were the spicy kind. She started choking and had to spit it out. We talked to the manager in the end and she made light of the whole situation. All in all, my biggest concern was the major language barrier and the lack of knowledge of the employees.
2	Average Chinese food, certainly not fusion.  Spring rolls boring and greasy, as was veggie chow mein boring.  Broccoli in oyster sauce was good and a good price
1	Oh no...one word in a nutshell: BLAND!  Located in the Mandalay Bay casino I don't know how this place stays afloat...you're  better off going to Panda express trust me!
4	Had the BBQ Pork Noodles.  VERY good.
3	The food definitely was not anything special. I would say it was a step up from a Chinese dollar scoop. More likely to get better food at a PF Changs. But the service was fine and we did not have to wait long for the food. Our glasses never went empty and the hot jasmine tea was bottomless.
2	Wasn't the best. The food was pricey for the quality. The most annoying thing was that we wouldn't understand a word our server was saying. We constantly had to correct her because she was getting everything wrong. If they want to give their Chinese place an authentic feel, that is fine, but hire people who speak English. It made such an unpleasant lunch to have to do sign language and correct the server because of the language barrier. The positive: The food came out very quickly.
3	Great concept: just had it better and cheaper elsewhere.  With that said, this is a soul satisfying place for soups.  I especially liked the thin noodles with duck and Chinese greens and Bok Choy.  The noodles were a little "dry" in the mouth-feel, but the duck was perfectly cooked.
3	Surprised to like the beef and noodles here, but service was a bit lacking and the food was overpriced.  Convenience was the buying driver in this case since I was staying at THEhotel and attending a convention at Mandalay Bay.  This is a lunch spot...no more.
2	If eating food counted towards your gambling debt than this place should be considered part of your losses. In fact this place is a total loss, a "bad beat". I had a beef stew over rice, which came out quickly but it wasn't anything special. Brother had a pad thai dish which he said that he's had better.The place is over priced for average food, but I can't complain about the price, it's Vegas.
4	Good food decent price only complaint lettuce wraps made with romaine everything kept falling out but the taste was really good.
2	Came here for lunch - long wait, restaraunt slow to clear tables, to the point where one member of our party who was in restaraunt management boldly walked in and started bussing tables!  They got the point.People who complain about the language barrier outta just get over their egos and learn from the experience.  Be patient, speak slowly, listen attentively.  High prices.  Ok food.  I had the seafood tom kha, which was loaded with squid and shrimp and noodles.  Broth just ok,  i expected a lot more flavor.  We ordered a calamari appetizer that was below par.Large parties are charged 18% gratuity, which we were not informed of and created quite the headache afterward.Two star due to value. $100 for 4 bowls of soup and an appetizer.  Take a cab to ChinaTown, better food and you'll save money.
1	The pad Thai was absolutely disgusting. The Mongolian beef was average. I would have been happier at a Panda Express. It's sad because the service was good but we should have taken a clue when the restaurant was empty.
1	Unfortunately we were in a hurry to eat before dashing off to a show, so we didn't bother to look at any reviews before crossing the threshold. Strategic error. Our party ordered, among other things, the pad thai and the duck. I had the pad thai, which literally consisted of over 50% grilled white onions. Seriously.  There were more onions than noodles.  The chicken was undercooked, and possibly a little raw.  My brother's duck was mostly bone and skin. All of this was way overpriced. Avoid. Avoid. Avoid.
3	Perfect cure for a cold, esp when you're stuck in the Vegas strip.I'm not too sure why the reviews were so harsh. The service was great, food came out promptly, and the food was good. While the pricing is a bit high, consider that you're in Vegas and in the Mandalay Bay.  Roasted duck noodle soup cured my sinus prob.The flavors were great and the duck was amazing.It really helped bring out the duck flavor in the broth as well. I also ordered the seaweed salad. It was good except I wasnt fond of the mayo salad on the bootm.Overall, not a bad place. Give it a shot if you're too lazy to head to chinatown for food.
1	This place was very bad I ordered chicken chowmein it tasted like they used oriental ramen powder  and soy sauce.  The green onion pancakes tasted like they were frozen. My wife dish was god awful the veggies tasted like they were canned and the sauce was bland. Service was very lacking. Don't eat here
3	My friend and I ate here for lunch before we were to head out to the Airport. It wasn't something I will rave about forever and a day. But it wasn't bad either.It hit the spot. I'll take it :) Chicken wasn't over cooked. Sauce was flavorful. It worked quite well in a pinch when we were having a hard time trying to figure out what to do for food before our airport shuttle arrived.
2	$18 for a bowl of soup with a 1/2 pound of spagetti noodles, two thin slices of beef, a pinch of basil, a pinch of bean sprouts and a pinch of cilantro with a couple hot peppers.  Maybe it was because it was the end of my four days in Vegas and it gets tiring to be hammered with overpriced food day after day after day, but this was the final straw.
1	Inside Mandalay Bay, Great environment clean establishement .I ordered the pork....or was it beef? noodle soup, it was ok , A giant plate of Mexican Clemole would have been better. The coffee was excellent! I am not an Asian food expert but I have found Thai food to be my favorite and what ever this was wasnt even close as taste is concerned . It was, hmmmmmm....decent.
3	The Noodle Shop was our meal of choice on the even of the 2013 Chinese New  Year.  Located just off the casino floor in the Mandalay Bay resort, it is designed in a simple, and modern style.The menu is a mix of Chinese, Thai and other dishes. However, if you are looking for true Thai dishes, this is not going to meet your desires. Lots of rice and noodle dishes, which are great to cure a case of the beer (or wine, or bourbon) flu.  Since I was suffering from a strain of the Guinness-Jameson blight, I chose a hot Green Tea and the Roast Duck noodle soup. This was the perfect cure. The duck was excellent, perfectly cooked, perfectly done meat, with a little bit of fatty skin.  The broth complimented the duck perfectly.  It also had some noodles and a little veg, though I wish there were a little more of the greens added.  My wife  had the Tom Yum Thai soup. Good but not really Thai style, missing elements like the lime and the sour style that is common.  When suffering from the 'flu' it is best to have a spicy dish. The hot bean paste condiment is excellent. Nice roasted and smoky flavor. It does pack a wallop.The price was right and the service was quick and efficient, and friendly. The General Manager stopped by, asked about our meal and when asked, he gave us a little education on the pending Chinese New Year.  A very nice touch.
1	I feel bad for the folks who had not tried asian cuisine before and this place happened to be their 1st time. Worst Pho we have ever tasted. Incredibly bland, aboslutely no flavor. Bad service. And of course everything was overpriced. Such a huge disappointment for a great location.
2	I was pretty famished after landing in Vegas - so I need some lunch immediately. I wish I hadn't made the snap decision of eating here. Considering everything in Mandalay Bay is upscale - I thought this place would be good to eat.Sorry, it isn't. I had a bowl of seafood soup. Let's talk about that. Soup Base: Tasted of Instant Replicated Add-hot water broth.Seafood: Yay for reheated frozen shellfishVegetables: Just a few overcooked leaves of kai-lan?I paid 15 bucks for reheated shellfish and instant soup? I won't be around for Round 2.
3	I agree with other reviews that service here is really odd. We were seated immediately and then sat waiting for quite a while before the hostess came and took our drink order. I requested a Kirin beer, and then what seemed like a very long time later (and we flagged down staff to ask where our drinks were) I was given a carrot juice. Definitely a possibility of a language issue there... but hey, if you like carrot juice, they have it.We ordered the Hong Kong Noodles and Singapore Noodles. The first was on the bland side while the latter was bursting with flavor. The Dr. the taught me a few tricks of using the provided sauces, spices to enhance the meal. The food was great and you get a lot for your money. We could have easily shared 1 of the noodle plates. Still the service needs to improve. As we ate, you could see tables around us also getting slow service and waiting for their bills. I stick with 3 stars based on the quality and quantity of food.
2	Appetizer was ok, I got one of the dumplings they had on the menu.I had a shrimp entree that was decent, I think it was the szechuan shrimp.But I also tried the Hong Kong Style Pan Fried Noodles and Seafood. It was the worst dish I've ever had at a chinese restaurant. We couldn't eat it. Just don't order that and maybe you'll be ok. Like I said, the szechuan shrimp was ok.
1	Wow, where to begin with this place. Only came here because of my brother in-law. He kept saying how great this place was and plus every restaurant there was pack expect this place. I wounded why... So I by pass looking at the tips and reviews that everyone wrote so I can give this place a fair chance.So soon as we put our name on the list we waited only for about 5 mins. Okay, that is cool place didn't seem so bad. Right? Place look clean, got seat away from everyone else so it was a nice family style of five. Then this is when the stars kept on falling here... We waited for ten mins for the server to get us water and our orders to be put in. We had to flag some manger to get someone to attend to us. Now comes the good part dinner. We order fried calamari, pancake, and BBQ pork. Out of the three the BBQ pork was the best. The pancake was too powdery too me. And the calamari it was all batter! Horrible. As for our main course the duck soup with noodles was bland. Shrimp fried rice was okay but lucky for me they had sriracha  the house special noodles was okay but again sriracha is needed again.To sum it all up, come here for BBQ pork. If you really have too. I mean if you have no where else to go and your super hungry. Other than that if you still have the power to wait else where to eat then go somewhere else. This was not worth the money or time to try.
3	Had a craving for noodles so we ate at The Noodle Shop for dinner.We ordered:- 2 meat BBQ Appetizer - Duck and Pork - the pork was a bit tough and the duck was pretty good- Beef Stew Noodle Soup - I liked the beef stew noodle soup - the noodle was al dente; the broth was good; the beef chunks were tender and there was some tendon and Shanghai Bok Choy  as well;  - Shrimp Wonton Noodle Soup - Good wontons and good broth- Beef Chow Fun - smaller than usual portion - BBQ Pork Noodle Soup - Choy Sum with Oyster Sauce Wait staff was attentive.It was an OK dinner.  Not sure If I'll come back.
1	Disappointing flavorles & soupy pad tha with an off tasting filet of chicken sliced into.I should have complained to the management to get a free meal comp for another Mandalay Bay  I think this was the worst pad that ever, boxed is better!
3	Needed soup after a three-hour drive from Utah with a sore throat. Noodles seemed like the perfect place. I got the Duck Noodle Soup and it hit the spot. It wasn't seasoned much, but a scoop of chili sauce helped clear my sinuses. My friend ordered the sweet and sour chicken, which she wasn't impressed with. The smaller chicken pieces were almost entirely breading and were very hard. She wished she had ordered my lunch. The staff was polite, took our order, and brought our food out promptly. I did not have any issues with the service.This place is pretty good, but you should make sure to order its namesake- NOODLES.
1	I could give no stars if it were an option. My husband and I stay at Mandalay Bay frequently, and end up eating in some of the newer restaurants since the renovation. My husband LOVES noodles, ramen, udon everything... Ordered the spare ribs appetizer, they were luke warm, ordered the beef stew for myself that I was told my our waitress was THE BEST. It smelled of fish and was FULL of fat.... had the waitress take it back and ordered something a little easier, Pad Tai Chicken and it was RAW! We ended up leaving, and with the manager not being very surprised at our reaction, I can imagine it happens alot...
5	Yesterday, I was craving some soup after I saw their advertisement in the Mandalay Bay in house dining section.. I really didn't care for the chicken wraps as much. I think pf changs has better ones in my opinion. I ordered their pho w/ chicken instead of beef. I have to say it was one of the best I've ever tried... I am super picky about my pho. It's so good, that I might go again tonight!
4	My friends and I were incredibly hung over and wanted something soupy and asian, So we stumble upon The Noodle Shop! We liked it so much we went back for seconds, and brought and extra friend!Great Service number one, surprisingly especially because its an asian restaurant and typically it is probably the rudest restaurants to dine at! The staff and our own waitress were super considerate and apologized immediately when she didn't bring out certain condiments. (Those condiments are brought out typically if asked) So it was shocking to see such consideration! I loved their Green Onion Pancake- we ordered it both days and an extra one on the second day. Though it may look slightly oily it truly was delicious! The first day i had the braised tofu with broccoli- super oily but still very good! the second day i had the eggplant and it was DELICIOUS , i pretty much ate the whole entree by myself ! I had eggplants at Kumi the night before and it was def not even close to being how delicious these eggplants were! my friends also enjoyed there soups and duck very much ! As mentioned we liked it so much we had to have it again!
4	Extrememly fast service which is great when you need a quick lunch while at the pool.  Har gaw dumplings were great as was the seaweed salad. Soup was huge and more than enough for 2, so when they tell you it's small, don't believe them!
3	Pho soup was really good..  Service is okay but far from the best.  I would go with the pho or the wonton soup.
1	Definitely nothing to write home about with this place... so I'll write it here.  My group of friends (myself included) were NOT impressed with this place at all.  It was expensive and didn't seem like much food was brought to the table.One of my friends became ill after eating here, and I think Asian fast food tastes better than what was served here.
3	A-OK. Our experience was certainly better than a lot of other people here and we are used to VERY GOOD Asian food in Chicagoland.Very nice tastefully minimalist decorated with very tall white private booths, white tablecloth etc. You pretty much completely disappear once you are seated, and would have to stand and turn around to see any other guests. Great Escape frankly from the marble hallway endless music din from a nameless cover band and casino pinging in the distance; also a good place for that "it's not you it's me" conversation initiating  some good makeup or goodbye sex and a fight over the cat and dog.I'll be honest, it was late enough and we had enough of a buzz going from whatever show we had been to that we do NOT remember exactly what we had, but it was Good AND we had leftovers and ate them too. I think we had Singapore noodles and a duck entre, I know it wasn't tofu, seafood or chicken. Spices were low, I know I asked for medium on something and got low. Anyway, of course their site isn't going to spit a menu up but here for some reason, but here is how to eat here if you are in the Mandalay Bay Complex hungry and it is after 10pm. Tell your server any food limitations and preference and ASK what they recommend and go with it if it sounds good because I KNOW that is what we did and it was late enuf that I am pretty sure the chef served our meal, not a waitress. They also had some ok LARGE by the glass wines. And use some common sense, The Noodle House passed my yummy smell test when we came in, but we weren't ordering the weekend seafood special on a Tuesday night at 10:30pm. If it doesn't feel right, get up and walk out, trust your intuition; I do it all the time and never regret it. Bon Appetit.
4	We had the honey BBQ pork and roasted duck noodle soup and were very happy with both out dishes.  It came with Chinese Broccoli which was a plus.  The broth was flavorful for us - we drank the whole bowl.  I would come here again.
1	Anyone that gives this place more than two stars deserves to have their yelp account taken away. Got the cheaper kung pao chicken (14.50 I think) and immediately regretted it. I would pay 5 dollars for that entree. Also, the noodles my friend ordered came out in less than 5 minutes. I don't know about you but 5 minutes is not a lot of time to cook(reheat) anything. The only reason any1 should ever come to this place is when all the other places inside the hotel are closed.Make sure to plan your day accordingly :)
2	Stopped by here to grab something quick after the NKOTB concert and before drinking at LAX, shared an order of beef chow fun.  It was super greasy, we were hungry so we are it all.  After finishing it you can see all the grease that was left on the plate....ick...oh well, don't have plans to eat there again. Just gave it a shot since it was convenient to where we were coming from/ where we were headed.
1	This is bay far the worst "asian" food I have ever had the displeasure of consuming.  My group of 6 needed to have a quick lunch, and since we were staying at the hotel, decided to give it a try.We each ordered something different on the menu.  I went with the beef noodle soup, while my friends tried the pho, broccoli beef, mapo tofu, pad thai, and some chicken stir fry dish.  To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.  They used the wrong sauces and the wrong noodles in each dish.  My friend that ordered the pho had to send it back (the first time he's ever had to do this at a restaurant).This place should be shut down, then burned to the ground.
3	Had the Young Chow Fried Rice which was alright.  The pieces of BBQ Pork could have been larger and tastier.  Service was OK.
3	Just ok, I started with the pork soup and had yang chow rice. All ok, nothing special at all. It is cheaper than some other spots and has a decent wine selection. The service is quick and aloof as you might expect. No love when I went so that's a plus. Might go again for take out.
3	My wife and I enjoyed a nice meal here before going to see Michael Jackson's ONE.  I ordered the seafood won ton soup and was pleasantly surprised with the amount of seafood.  The soup had shrimp won tons, sea bass, shrimp and scallops.  Soup broth was a bit bland, but I just added chili sauce to kick it up a bit.  My wife had the BBQ Pork Noodle Soup, which contained a lot of BBQ Pork.  She enjoyed her meal and the service was good as well.
1	Ooooohhh emmmmmm geeee. Horrible. Horrible. Panda Express is better than this. And that's a chain restaurant. We ordered the house special fried rice. Nothing special. Orange chicken. More like battered chicken in oil. Steamed/seared shrimp dumplings. More like fried/burned dumplings. Please do not waste your money here or appetite.
1	so disappointed.Checked in late and kids were hungry Thought I would take them to a nice dinner..We ordered orange chicken.it was gross and just some fried chicken with soy sauce.Told waiter we did not like and it was nothing like orange chicken we have had elsewhere.His response was that was how they do it.Chow Mein a little better but very average same with fried rice.As a previous reviewer said Panda Express would have been much better and not cost $55 for 3 dishes.A waste of money and a big disappointment!
2	Nothing more disappointing then getting bland Thai food. Should have checked the reviews first. The Thai iced is good, hard to screw up but the pad Thai has no flavor. They asked me if I wanted it spicy, said yes, no spice to be detected. Don't waste your money, much better elsewhere.
1	Extremely disappointed! I waited over 20 minutes for the worst, overpriced meal I had in a long time.  My takeout order was the roasted duck with rice.  A pretty basic choice -the duck was over cooked and salty.  The meal seasoning must have been all MSG, because my entire body started itching  & developed hives.If Maladay Resort was smart it shut it down.  Foolish of me for not reading the reviews first.
2	Pretty basic Chinese food. Ok if you're in a hurry and want a quick meal. Do NOT order the hot tea unless you're willing to pay $4/person!! You won't find out until you get the bill...
1	Disappointed!!! Don't come here. Horrible service!! Rude. Expensive but food was not worth it! My friends and I came here to get lunch and the soup we ordered was bland, the wontons were small and lacked flavor. The Thai food was extremely bland, and the the rice dishes....how can you mess up rice?!! When we asked the waiter to split the check , he made a big deal about it and gave us a scolding look and told us that we should have told him earlier. BUT HOW ARE WE SUPPOSE TO KNOW?!  No one told us ahead of time and all places let you asked for split checks at the end! Ridiculous. Don't come here. The waiter watched us write down how much tip we were giving him...he lingered behind us. And then picked up the receipt as soon as we put the pen down and stared at the tip amount in front of us and walked away without saying anything to us. So rude! Never coming back here!!! I think he might have also been the manager. Unbelievable.
1	If you've ever picked up a piece of gum off the sidewalk, chewed it for awhile, then spit it into someone else's mouth, that's probably the most accurate estimation of this dump's chicken chow mein. The service was unapologetic for how toxic the food tasted. Hot and sour soup was a hidden gem.
1	What a big disappointment.  The restaurant has the atmosphere of a McDonalds and besides the Chinese lanters overhead has no Asian flavor whatsoever.  Appetizers arrived before main courses and the food was mediocre at best.  I was positive that I'd been here 2-3 years ago and I'm sure I was at some version of the restaurant then but it looks like it moved and is now located in an annex of the cafe next door.  Funny how a bad atmosphere can make a meal feel cheap and that's what's happening at Mandalay Bay's Noodle Shop.
3	When you're at a hotel, your choices for any type of food are usually limited. At Mandalay Bay, this Chinese restaurant doesn't disappoint...until you see the bill.The beef chow fun was great and the won ton noodles were exactly what you'd expect from a Chinese place. The menu is fairly large with plenty to choose from. The food is tasty without the MSG overload of most Asian places. Overall, the quality seems fresh and the service is thankfully prompt and friendly. Everything is on the pricier side so be prepared or head to one of the many Chinese restaurants along Spring Mountain Road.
1	This negative review does not apply to all the waitress here in this Restuarant.. The waitress that was serving us was not very friendly, he actually had an attitude with me and my boyfriend when we're ordering food. Never coming back here EVER again!Bad Service!.
2	For what is a "go to destination" resort the Noodle Shop disappoints. You can pretty much expect high price, poor service.  If you really want a good "noodle restaurant", venture down to the Golden Noodle at Monte Carlo and get great noodle dishes with much more in terms of value
4	I dont know why everyone rates this place so bad, i thought it was pretty good, good enough to come here twice! Yea of course expect vegas prices, dont complain about the cost. I had beef noodle soup and added won tons for extra $4 that was such a bomb and hearty meal! Had my asian cravings satisfied, they are generous with the meat portions. Also ordered some dumplings that tasted great juicy inside and fresh. 2nd time around I ordered pork, seafood soup no noodles; it came with scallops, shrimp, bbq pork, won tons, squid, and some veggies. Filled me up! I would come here again if i stay in mandalay otherwise its a bit too far from the other hotels.
5	This place is a good choice if you like Asian food. I had the chicken pad Thai noodles. There was a lot of noodles, enough to share if you wanted. The staff was friendly and the service was good. Would eat there again on a future trip.
3	Being of Asian descent, I always look for a place that serve a hot long noodle soup.  This place inside the Mandalay Bay Casino has such a dish.  Certainly there are better places for that like in Venetian or Bellagio.  And no soups can beat the one in the Monte Carlo.  But to their defense, this is not their specialty.  They serve Chinese food.  Not the greatest in the world, but not bad either.  I like coming here since I rarely have to wait and can get your standard Chinese dishes at a reasonable price.
2	Food & service are underwhelmingly blah. Seems like they should be in a run down strip mall instead of an elegant resort.
2	My tip: don't eat here.The restaurant itself is located inside Mandalay Bay, but is tucked away far enough that you're not inhaling cigarette smoke from the casinos.  The staff is very sweet.  These are the only positives.The food is bland and really not good at all (we had 4 different dishes).  In fact, I believe I got a small bout of food poisioning.  :(
1	The noodle soup with roasted duck was good, the grey goose martini I ordered tasted like a dirty dish towel. My wife sent back the Lettuce wraps saying they tasted like dog food. I didn't know she had eaten dog food before to compare. Who knew ?
1	Called for the House Special Fried Rice with chicken and shrimp and the BBQ Pork Fried Rice. Both sucked. I could feel the crunch of MSG on both. BBQ pork had no flavor (zero). House Special Fried Rice was nothing but normal fried rice with chicken and shrimp. Nothing great about the ambience. Go only if you are craving for low grade asian food.
1	This place has the worst food ever. We ordered Pho and it was bland. Even putting the sriracha and hoisin sauce was still nasty. Guess how much they charge for a bowl!? 18 bucks! Seriously? Here in Oakland it's 7-8 bucks and it's delicious. Now I understand why it's expensive cuz its a hotel rest. but damn at-least make ur pho better..We also ordered pad Thai and it wasn't good. If you want to get pho go to Chinatown in Vegas it's way better and cheaper. It's not that far. Customer service sucks at this place too. Came here cuz we were in a rush. We didn't want the Pacquiao bus leaving us to go to LA.
1	The Tai fish soup really needs to have fish in it! Three morons stood talking while I waited for my check. They handle real money like it was an alien from outer space.
1	After a long night of partying, we were in desperate need of something warm or hot and comforting. What better cure for a hangover than Pho? We had a group of 12 and the people working there wanted to cram us into 2 TINY ass tables..... Are you kidding me?! We kindly requested to add an additional 3rd table... they gave us this dirty look wow.Anyway, most of us got Pho, some of us got rice dishes and others some other noodle soup dish. The Pho was like $17?! What in the @#$%!! I anxiously waited for my Pho.... and it came 30 minutes later.... I do not know why it took them so long to slice up some beef, add the hot broth that should already be simmering in a huge pot, and some noodles.The Pho wasn't even hot!!! It was lukewarm at best!! The beef wasn't even cooking thru!!! The whole bowl had like 4 slices of beef.... no meatballs, no tendons, no tripe. I didn't know you could mess up Pho, but this place did!Suggestion: Don't come here. Bad and expensive food. Terrible service. Gah I'm still mad... I would've rather bet that money and lose it.
1	Food was very good but server openly asked for us to give him a tip....we were giving him a tip by the way... but it wasn't what he wanted. I think his name was Sam so if you get him he'll make you give him a tip he likes not what you want to give him. He wasn't very friendly either as the other staff were. Just beware so he's the reason for 1 star.
2	Inside the Mandalay Bay. If you're looking for a hangover cure.. this isn't it.Wonton noodle soup- 2/5. I suppose this may be relatively good here? Noodles are hard and soup is generic and MSG tasting.Thousand year old egg porridge- 2/5. Bland once again with small portion of thousand year old egg and a measly small sprinkle of green onions.Mongolian Beef- 1/5. More like elementary school 'mystery meat mondays' for $20.Lettuce mince meat wrap- 3/5. Okay tasting but small portions, more like a small appetizer. High priced, but then again you are in Vegas so that's to be expected. But the quality is not good. It's much more worth it to drag yourself to a Pho place off the strip to cure that hangover.
3	Good hangover food at the Manday Bay Resort.  The duck and noodle soup ain't bad.  Kimchi was average at best.
4	We went in for a late dinner, about 9pm. Got the chicken chow mien and Singapore noodles. Both dishes came out pretty quick. Both were really tasty, and good size portions. Would have given 5 stars but for the cost.
1	Terrible service and terrible quality food. Ordered cashew chicken and received chicken and macadamia nuts. Everything was bland and overpriced. Panda Express is leagues better.Avoid!
4	Disappointed that website had number to call for reservations.... I called and NO reservations, but then no waiting..  Website also had kids menu, but got there and NO kids menu BUT server made up for it by honoring kids menu items anyhow.  Food was probably 3.5 out of five.  Staff and service was excellent and warrants the fourth star.  Price comparable to everything else around, higher than it should be.
2	I went to get a quick bite to eat at noodles . I ordered the satay chicken $13 for 3.5 pcs .  The wait was around 20 minutes from the time I ordered . I order satay chicken all the time around Las Vegas and for 5pcs it is usually $7-$8 . The most important thing is this was the worst tasting satay chicken I have ever had . The service was fine ... The food was not good and was overpriced !
4	I was there in January of this year with my sister.  We both had the Shrimp, BBQ Pork, Scallop, Sea Bass, and Won Ton Soup with the added noodles.  It was really good.  I think it was about $25 which is pricey but considering what we got in it-understandable.Service was fine-not like Chinese restaurants in Hawaii where they are almost mean to the customers!  Haha.I'm wondering if the bad reviews are more for the entree type dishes.  My sister and I had no problem with our saimin/noodle dishes or the service.
2	Oh dear Oh dear. How can you go wrong with chinese broccoli and oyster sauce? Well let me tell you can. And the spring rolls were like little cigars dripping in grease and you could not taste the veggies inside. I won't be back.
3	This place was neither bad nor good. It is one of those places that tastes better as your hunger increases. The food is not bad nor is the value. I most certainly have had worse. Obviously this doesn't sound like a glowing thumbs up but in all honesty it is just "ok." The service is marginal at best but if you find yourself with a growl in your stomach and you walk by this place you can rest assured that you will get a decent tasting meal. This place might fair better as a small local hole in the wall Asian restaurant but it is in a major Vegas hotel so the standards shift a little bit. I do not regret having lunch here but I wouldn't tell anyone to drop that hot hand at the tables to come for eats at the Noodle Shop. The wonton noodle soup was very basic, nothing fancy. It had a decent broth and I felt satisfied eating it, how much will I remember of it after....well that's another story.
1	Worst place to eat EVER, are you joking, 18 bucks for fried rice and it taste like microwave food, the worst place ever. Its in mandalay bay and at lease they should hire an asian cook cuz I think they hire a white guy to cook asian food a triple thumbs down! DONT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY THERE
1	Quicky Review: overpriced basic chinese american dishes. Eat elsware. Ate lunch with the family. Do not get the pho. It is extremely bland and the noodle texture is stiff and not chewy. The pho costs double the price compared to back home, it takes 5 times longer to come out, yet it tastes like warm water with noddles. We also ordered orange chicken, mongolian beef, and garlic lobster. All the items were good but way to overpriced for simple dishes. There are so many delicious restaurants at the Mandalay Bay, steer clear of Noodle House
1	This is the place for you ONLY if your idea of tom yum is vegetable broth with shards of celery, canned wood ear mushrooms, canned tomatoes, gluey vermicelli, and too much siracha, or possibly ma po tofu consisting of little squares of warmed tofu in a brown sauce with frozen peas and carrots.  The only upside was that my soup spent a lot of time in the microwave and was too hot to eat for 15-20 minutes. We were hopeful that the food here would hit the spot after a long day of traveling, but instead it left us hungry (after we couldn't eat the food) and mad at having spent $50 (that did include drinks:  what was advertised as a house special martini but turned out to be gin & cranberry juice in a martini glass, and a peculiarly orange "Thai iced tea"). Please  avoid this place so no other unsuspecting travelers make the same mistake.
2	A M B I A N C E: Moderately busy, no wait, gargantuan tables, and relatively quick service. It's a stones throw from the casino floor, so you can gamble and nibble, at your leisure. The Noodle Shop seems to attract families with kids, the most.T H O U G H T S: I basically paid to have a tummy ache. Grease takes the place of quality. I went because it's here, but immediately regretted it. Despite all this ''luxury'' and ''high end'' prices in Las Vegas, I find the food doesn't match other western cities like San Francisco, Vancouver, Los Angeles or Seattle. Shame.
2	Overpriced, not a friendly atmosphere at all. We ordered the shrimp wonton noodle soup. Soup was good. While ordering the waiter told us the soup was only enough for one person. It was enough for two adults actually. Thank goodness for our two kids we were able to order off the kids menu. We had the chicken fried rice and the chow mein- it was ok. Service is odd. The waiter only brought two soup bowls out when there were 4 of us at the table. The kids menu came with a drink and the staff only wanted to bring out one juice since they brought me a refill on my coke which I didn't ask for. Coke was 4 dollars. We asked them to bring out the two drinks since we had two kids and it came with the meal. At the end we asked for a to go container for the soup and they said they don't have any. So I guess if you order soup you can't take it to go? Weird. We just used our juice cup since the kids enjoyed the noodles and wanted it for later.  They gave us the kids menu which had coloring on it, but they only gave us one menu and  no crayons.  Some of the menu items are just outrageously priced.  Who pays 16.50 for fried rice and a lot of their single dishes like fish or beef were upwards of 24 dollars and up?   My kids did like the soup. The atmosphere and customer service of the staff is definitely lacking.
1	Food was weird. Not a typical Chinese restaurant, really bright lighting. The pad Thai was bland and tasted like uncooked fish. The hot and sour soup looked like it had already been digested and regurgitated. Would not come back.
1	We only walked in because nothing else was open at 11:30pm on a Saturday night. We sat down to a sticky table, the lady handed us some wet straws. We ordered the calamari appetizer and the Mongolian beef which were both way under Panda Express level. The Mongolian beef was drenched in sauce, and the calamari came out after we finished our dinner entree. This place is horrible, SAVE YOURSELF THE TRIP AND DONT GO. Order some room service instead. And it was expensive for what it was, paid $40 for this unpleasant meal.
3	This place was ok! Not nasty but not amazing.i ate the whole pad Thai dish because I was starving but it was pretty bland and everything felt wet. The chicken was wet and soggy.Don't know if I would go back...It's a mystery to me.
1	How can you make something like Pho taste like hot water and still have the nerve to call it Pho?!  When you're in Vegas you need something brothy to bring you back to life and this stuff just made it worse.  I even had to go down to pick it up because they don't deliver AND it's EXPENSIVE!  Tried the bbq pork noodle dish too and that was a huge disappointment!  I've said this before but seriously how are you still in business?!  Amazing!
1	Do not eat here. This place is overpriced cheap terrible tasting Asian food. Panda Express is much better than this. I've never had worse asain food. The orange chicken was cold, was processed chicken and tasted worse than McDonald's chicken nuggets. Please fire the cooks! How could you have a place like this that gets terrible reviews and not make a change in the food?? My table also had other dishes and nobody liked their food. Even my lemonade tasted like water! How do you mess up lemonade?? $100 later and not happy!
2	Best way to describe this place is fast food Chinese. Food was not fresh and was previously prepared. Rice was dry.
1	Wow, this place has gone downhill fast. It used to be my go to late night restaurant. Not any more.Fried rice tasted stale, and the chicken tasted odd.
4	I love this place.   Ok , the food is straight up average , BUT .. I like that the staff is Asian and they're honest with suggestions.  I've eaten here at least 10 times now.  It's been consistent over the years.   If you're looking for the best of the best , this isn't the place.  If however you're looking for decent consistent Asian noodles then this is a great place.  My favorite is the chow fun and house special fried rice.   The Pho is VERY American so if you're looking to re-live that trip to Vietnam it's not gonna be for you.... But I still like it in a hurry.  Honestly it's probably only on the menu as a stop gap for traveler who only know Pho from some American back home spot. Bottom line ...It's clean , fast , honest , and priced accordingly for where its at.  It's my go to spot for quick lunch and light dinner when I'm at The Mandalay.  Enjoy.
5	I was here the first time last year's memorial weekend and I enjoyed it so much I went 2 days in a row. You can always tell when a place is good when it's busy with patrons and it was, especially full of Asian customers! ;) This time I came in with the intention of ordering the crispy duck noodle soup which was delish! I forgot to request flat rice noodles instead of egg noodles but it was great anyway as the duck was meaty and perfectly cooked. The soup was more than enough especially for lunch. We had a lady named lua (I think) service our table, she was very friendly and attentive, she was quite endearingly cute! A little pricy but the restaurant was clean and didn't look cheap at all, nicely decorated with plants, mirrors, artworks and soft colours used. The toilets are clean and spacious! Free wifi available too. Always a place to visit when I'm in town!!
3	Good for a late night bite if you are in the mood for Asian.  I thought the service was fast and pretty upscale considering a diner like setup.  Food tasted good but no it will not be any kind of healthy so hit the gym in the morning after your late night bite here!
1	All 5 of us agreed that this was the worst asian restaurant we ever ate at. Avoid at all cost!
1	This is the worst restaurant I have ever experienced in Vegas. I was looking for a moderately priced Asian restaurant on the south strip, and looking at the menu online beforehand, saw a lot of things that sounded good.  I should have known otherwise when we walked in and only 2 tables were occupied. Dining companion and I both ordered chicken dishes for the main course. She thought the chicken tasted rubbery, as did I. I usually associate this with undercooked meat. We both got very sick to the stomach about 2 hours later and these dishes were the likely culprit. We spent the remainder of our evening on the toilet back at the hotel room.The only positives were that the server was attentive (because there were only like 7 customers at 6pm) and the Chicken Satay appetizer (which appeared to be cooked properly) was actually pretty good.Don't go here. Even if you are trying to burn casino comps or something. Read the other reviews, we aren't making this stuff up.
5	I've been there in October 2014 and it was great. Waiters were nice, place was nice and the Pad Thai chicken I ordered was good
2	Had the shrimp wonton noodle soup. Overall it was average and overpriced. You are in Vegas and in a casino so the price was expected. If you're use to Chinatown authentic soup, this would not be the place.
2	So....I decided to ignore the 234 review 2 star rating......and you get what you deserve.......2 stars at best.  Over priced (yes, even for Vegas standards) and just ok to mediocre food.  Do yourself a favor and listen to those who took the time to review this place.  Mandalay Bay, time for a change in tenants........
2	For some reason I didn't read the reviews before I came here. But they're right, 2 stars is even a little generous. I had the $19 duck appetizer. Now I love crispy duck and could eat it all day, but the skin was soggy and slimy and there were bones everywhere. Then I had the Singapore seafood noodles. I got 2 shrimp, 2 scallops and 1 piece of white fish. Expected more for $26. With so many other options in Vegas, it's safe to say I won't be coming back.
2	The 2nd star is for being open so late. The food is overpriced and not good at all. Meats were fatty and too well done. The shu Mai was not edible.   To further annoy me, not only were all the BBQ meats fatty and too tough to eat, when I was starving, but I was asked when I ordered if I would like rice with it?  I assumed in typical Chinese restaurant style this meant it came with it so I said yes and was then charged $4.25 for it. Are you kidding me?The shrimp dumplings were the only thing that was good. I would never ever again come here for this overpriced terrible food.
1	I wanted something soupy so I ordered the pho noodle soup (I figured they couldn't mess that one up even though it was a Chinese restaurant). The soup was lukewarm, noodles were not pho noodles and the thick slabs of beef were impossible to chew through. It is overpriced, disgusting food that gave me a really bad stomachache right after. Dont even think of eating here unless you are desperate for a bad stomachache.
1	The food here sucks. Everyone in our party had a stomachache after eating here. The pho was disgusting. Instant wonton noodles are better than the stuff they serve at this restaurant. The Mongolian beef was mostly onions and the meat was still raw. Service was not good. One person had to wait 20 minutes for his food after the rest of us got our food. Do not go to this restaurant.
1	Run, don't walk away from this place.  I'm a slut for a good bowl of soup.  I literally go to sleep at night dreaming about package ramen noodle. After dining in this restaurant today I died a little bit inside.All I can say about the soup is it smelled awful, had zero flavor, fuck, I'm actually angry I wasted a meal in Vegas at this kennel.Dined with a total of 8 people. Our food came out in 3 shifts last plate coming out 15 minutes after the first.  Honestly I don't even want to keep writing about it.  Do not eat here.
1	I wish I could give it 0.00. It was not great, overpriced (26.00 for a very small entree and cup of streamed rice.  Don't go there.
1	We should have checked the Yelp reviews before we went to The Noodle Shop at Mandalay Bay.   It is absolutely terrible.  Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere.  We ordered the "Roasted Crispy Duck" appetizer and was told that it actually wasn't crispy, but just roasted.  We got it anyway and it was disgusting.  The taste was lousy and it was some of the worst duck I've ever had.  We also ordered the Cashew Chicken.  Our waitress came out about 5 minutes after we ordered and told us they were out of cashews, but they would make it without cashews.  Are you kidding me?  They ran out of cashews?Our waitress was awful.  She was extremely annoying and her manager wasn't any better, as she seemed about as clueless as the waitress.  I give you all the same advise I told people looking at the menu when we were leaving: this place is terrible.  Don't eat here.
4	I think this place deserves a higher than 2 stars for several reasons...1. People are complaining that this place is expensive. Yes, you are in Vegas! It's like a giant airport, just expect to pay at a minimum double what you normally would for everything.2. This place adds some variety. There's so many places that are just cafes/pizza places.3. Their noodle soups are good. The beef brisket soup was good and so was their wonton soup! Just don't venture far from the Chinese noodle soups. (I saw someone getting a pad thai there and it looked pretty bad... Also, their pho was mediocre at best...) All in all, my experience was 4-stars especially because this is exactly what my body needed.
1	Ugh, what a waste of a meal.  It was certainly overpriced, but the bigger problem is that the food was flavorless.  The pho broth was watered down, the beef in the pho was tough, and the noodles were swollen.  We got other dishes and all the same story.  The Mandalay Bay could do much better, especially with a restaurant right off the casino floor and in a high traffic area.
1	This place was Horrid.  We sent our food back it was so bad.  We got fried rice that was a bit of steamed rice with cabbage.  Nasty.  Do not go here - also very overpriced with no value !!!  Sodas are $5.00 - ridiculous!!!
4	I've eaten here a few times now and been pretty pleased. I can think of places worth two stars but this is not one of them. The Singapore noodles are great, with generous amounts of shrimp and chicken. The shrimp were not at all fishy. The shrimp dumplings were plump with shrimp and also very nice. The BBQ pork with mixed vegetables was surprisingly good, very nice assortment of vegetables and a flavorful sauce. Service was fine, though the restaurant was not crowded and the lady with the mop should have waited till we left before mopping all around our table. I would go here again next time.
2	The price is very high but the quality of the food is deeply unsatisfying.we ordered Yangzhou fried rice and their special fried rice. They tasted the same. Disappointed.
4	We were pleasantly surprised at the quality of food at Noodle Shop - it was quite good!We were staying at the Mandalay Bay and we've walked right by it for years, but never bothered to try it.   Well now we have and I can say that I would definitely go back if given the chance.The Orange peel chicken was soooo good - I am still thinking about it.  The flavor was delicious - and though it was fried, it was not battered so it was not greasy at all.  But the flavor - truly delicious.  Hubby had the noodles with shrimp and xo sauce - which was very expensive for what it was - but still quite tasty.  Service was eager and attentive.  Price overall was expensive for Chinese food.  But if  you're staying at Mandalay Bay - this is a solid choice for a bite.
1	One thing I found it interesting is, you paid arms and legs in these kind of hotel restaurant, but the food doesn't taste good at all. We came here on Christmas day. The service is not very good. 20 min wait with tons of empty table. Okay. It is a holiday. I am not going to complain. But after we sat down, it took so long for someone to serve us. That is ridiculous. The food, is well kind of bad. It is eatable. But doesn't taste good at all. If you have a car, it is really better to go out and eat. Finally, the price... Too expensive !!!! It costs us over $30 per person. If you are not hungry for asian food, you may find a better place to eat in this hotel.
1	Eating at this restaurant compelled me to sign up for yelp. It is outrageously overpriced (even for Vegas) and the quality is lacking. We had a party of 8 and there wasn't anything being enjoyed. The Dim Sum platter for seemed to be microwaved as the dumplings were unevenly heated and lacked flavor. One guests Pho was thin and the meat was super fatty and tough. The shrimp in all the dishes was fishy and mushy. Service was poor for how empty the place was. My beer glass was also washed poorly and looked like the previous beers foam dried on the glass. P.S. I would like to know if anybody has ordered the $175 Birds nest soup.
2	Yikes...their standards have dropped yet again from 2 years ago.  I don't care about the price - it's going to be expensive - as another reviewer has mentioned, you're in Vegas.  Seriously.  However, I ordered a BBQ pork w/ rice dish and the rice was over dry and the BBQ porked lacked any sort of sauce.  I was also given 2 dingy pieces of Chinese broccoli that was way overcooked.  Overall, it was a very mediocre dinner.  I don't think I'd ever go again.
