5	Went here last night to check it out as it just opened 2 nights ago. All i can say is it was a 9 out of 10 experience on every level. From the hostesses to the waiter to the wine and menu selections.  The food was FANTASTIC, and might be the best food I've eaten in Vegas. I got the roasted cauliflower soup and the mixed grill of filet, bacon wrapped prawns and lamb ribs. The sides of brussels sprouts and english pub fries were equally amazing!  Everything was out of the world!!  I'll be going back for sure. Check this "pub" out!!
4	My birthday was coming up and I happened to hear about the opening of this restaurant. I have been to Gordon Ramsay Steak and it is amazing, so I knew right away where I wanted to go. I brought along 11 of my friends to share the experience.  The service is pretty fantastic. They all learn your name and take the time to chat, they even put on fake British accents when they heard us doing it. My water glass was never empty and they even had the entire restaurant sing happy birthday to me. There are two menus, the grill menu which is a bit pricier and the pub menu which has yummy pub food. We ordered off of the pub menu. Since we were such a large party, we tried a lot of food!Fish and Chips - The fish is so buttery and melt in your mouth delicious! OMG! I didn't care so much for the garlic on the chips. I love garlic, but they tasted like they had been rubbed with raw garlic, not my favorite. Shepherd's Pie - The mashed potatoes were so buttery delicious. Everything really worked well together, it was easy to see why this is a signature dish. Duck Poutine - The fries and the duck gravy were phenomenal. There were bits of duck that were a little overdone so didn't add much to the dish, maybe if they were cooked a little less it would have worked a little better.Trio of Pretzels with cheese and mustard - Two of us ordered this appetizer and the bacon cheese pretzel was fantastic! The mustard was a bit too spicy for my liking and the cheese spread it a little weird, but not too bad. This dish is not worth ordering because they bring the exact same thing to the table for free, except the free one has a small loaf of pumpernickel bread and butter instead of mustard. I can't believe they charge for this and then bring almost the exact same thing to the table for free. Mac and Cheese - Almost everyone at the table ordered this and the response was 50/50. I was expecting a warm and rich mac and cheese, unfortunately, there was a really sharp cheese flavor which turned me off. Short rib and Cheek sandwich - My friend ordered this and passed it around the table. The meat was tender and delicious and there was a horseradish sauce that really added a kick.Sticky Toffee Pudding - You really must try this! It is absolutely delicious! Everyone at the table stole a bite and enjoyed it.Overall, there were a lot of hits and some misses. We did have one big thing that turned me off a little. My sister in law ordered a burger, they forgot the bacon and then the burger was almost raw. She sent it back and by the time they brought the new one everyone was finished eating. She asked them to just box it up since we were finished. I would have liked to see that taken off the check since she didn't even get to eat with everyone, unfortunately this didn't happen and I was not comfortable asking. There are some great dishes on the menu, the restaurant has a really cool vibe, and the service was pretty good. This is definitely a cool hangout for some yummy upscale pub food, but Gordon Ramsay Steak is where it's really at!
5	Loved Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill!!  We had the fortune to be in Vegas the night of the opening December 18th and it was one of the most memorable experiences ever!  We were able to sit at the bar with Adam and Gene at the helm. They were wonderful and if you are in Vegas, at Caesars, please, please, please stop by.  Adam & Gene will take good care of you and make you feel like one of the family.  I wish I could remember the drink Adam made for me.  I was worried it would be sweet, but it was tangy, flavorful and perfect!  The hubby liked the beer Adam & Gene recommended too.  We felt like VIPs and the food....I am still dreaming about the food.....  we had never had a scottish egg before, but now want more.   I ordered the bangers & mash, which is heavenly. I have been to England and loved the bangers and mash, but this almost decadent.  Hubby had the fish & chips, which were amazing as well.  I am not a fish person, but kept stealing my hubby's food.  (he stole mine too haha and we kept joking we should have ordered the others dish)  Lastly, we finished the evening with the sticky toffee pudding.  Everyone should have sticky toffee pudding, even if you are not a sweets person, it is worth just stopping in and having.  We have been to Gordon Ramsay Steak a couple of times and the hubby likes the sticky toffee pudding better there, but to me, it was just as good or better.  I think I really liked the vanilla ice cream served at the Pub than the  butterscotch ice cream at Steak.  It was so good, we wished we had gone back before coming home from our trip and are looking forward to visiting again.
4	We ate here on the 21st and 22nd, 3 days after the opening on the 18th.  Both times we ate at the bar, so can't comment on the restaurant side.First night we came for drinks and a snack.  We had the Vic Queen Chips and Deviled Eggs.  Both were excellent.  The Chips were very delicate - thinly cut and perfectly fried - served with a side of malt vinegar for dipping.  Just excellent!!  The Deviled Eggs were served in an interesting way.  The egg whites were served separately, sprinkled with parsley, and the yolks were served in a small cup for you to scoop out and put as much as you wanted into the egg whites. The yolks were smashed and mixed with smokey bacon and cheese.   They were by far the best deviled eggs I have ever had.  In all, this experience was 5 star.The second night we came shortly after 5 PM for the dinner menu.  We again sat at the bar.  They were out of the first beer that I ordered, but offered me a sample of another beer that I might like.  The bartender was very helpful.  We ordered the Fish & Chips.  It took about 25 minutes for us to get our food, which is a little long, but we thought it might be due to a lot of folks ordering right around 5 PM when they start the dinner menu.  I figured if anyone could do fish & chips right it would be Gordon Ramsay - however, I was disappointed in this meal.  It was definitely not the best fish & chips that I had ever had.  The fish was OK, the batter was really good, but the fish was a little dry & tough - like it had been overcooked.  I prefer fish that is more moist and flaky.  A thicker piece of fish would probably have held up better to the cooking.  The potatoes were the biggest disappointment, though.  We expected chips (french fries) what we got were big blocks of potatoes - hand cut in rectangles - which had been boiled and baked and fried into a state of blandness that I would never expect from a Gordon Ramsay product.  They were hard at the ends, like they had been overdone.  They were not seasoned at all - no salt when they were removed from the deep fryer - and no flavor at all.  However, the mushy peas were outstanding!!!  I have never really liked mushy peas - I mean, really, who would like anything called mushy peas?  However, this was a combination of whole baby peas and mushy peas with some seasoning that had me eating the entire portion (a first for me.)In general the bartenders were very helpful and friendly.  Would have been nice had someone checked on our dinner and let us know the status when we went so long without getting our meal, but that's a small point.I liked the decorations.  It's pretty noisy with music playing but not so much that we couldn't hear each other or talk to the people next to us.  It was pretty busy for 5 PM.  Probably even busier later on.I would go again, but not for the Fish & Chips - definitely for the Deviled Eggs though.
5	We arrived in Vegas on the 22nd. Upon entering the hotel room I immediately noticed a magazine with Gordon Ramsay on the front "Ramsay takes over Vegas" Being a HUGE fan, I read it and got giddy when I found out that not only did Pub & Grill open already, but Burgr was planned to open that very night!! (Turns out it opened earlier in the week, but IT WAS OPEN).  We decided to hit Pub and Grill on Saturday night. Josh was our waiter and I swear he had ESP. Every time we mentioned something we needed POOF there he was with it in hand or said...hey could you use...... I jokingly asked him if the bulldog lamp was wired. Josh was simply amazing. I can't say it enough. I would say he gave us the best service out of all the places we ate at this year. He gets brownie points for remembering my name is Darlene, so many people two minutes later forget and call me Diane, Donna...something with a D. Ok now for the food. I ordered the Shephard's Pie and my boyfriend ordered the Lamb Burger. The Shephard's Pie was good at first. The mashed potatoes were amazing. However, I quickly discovered I didn't care for lamb, my first time ever trying it. I ate about 1/2 of the dish. I soooo wanted to love it, but just couldn't. My boyfriend loved his lamb burger, said it was in his top 10 of burgers. We ordered dessert, I got the sticky toffee pudding and he got the chocoloate trifle. OH MY GOD!!! The sticky toffee pudding was to die for. I could eat that everyday!! The warm sauce topping the cake with a side of frozen cream was just fantastic. I tried my boyfriend's chocolate trifle and it too was incredible. Layers of chocolate with a brownie on the bottom and served with two little chocolate cookies was very cute. Pub & Grill is not your typical Pub & Grill.......Gordon Ramsay does it again!!
5	An excellent Xmas day dinner!  This was upscale British pub food done really, really well.  I am already looking forward to the next visit. We chose to eat at the bar since a couple of basketball games were on.  That way we could also ask the bartender about their beer selection.  Our bartender let us sample a few and we ended up going with a pints of Innis & Gunn and Moa.  Those were $8.75 each but so was Pacifico and Corona so no point in going for stuff you can get anywhere else.   The first entree was the "Dublin Brisket" which was set in a pumpernickel bread bowl.  The bowl was filled with hearty tender chunks of beef, cheese and sauerkraut that went well with the side of thousand island.  3 standard steak fries=1 fry here so you only get 4 of them which was enough.  My wife wanted the "Shepard's Pie" and just hearing those two words gave me flashbacks of terrible school cafeteria mush, a poor man's English lasagna if you will.  But this was galaxies away from what I had in the past.  Savory was the word from the first bite.  Each spoonful filled with buttery mashed potatoes, carrots, peas and slow cooked beef and lamb.  A truly awesome dish that I would gladly have any cold weather day.  We skipped all the good looking appetizers and small plates just to make it to dessert.  Everyone recommended the "Sticky Toffee Pudding" so that's what we had and it did not disappoint.  The perfect ending indeed.
3	We tried the Hell's kitchen burger. It was not that good. I was expecting more flavor. Fries were too garlicky. Service was fast and they made sure we always have full glass drink.
1	As a Brit I was embarrassed to eat here.. It was terrible. Overpriced ($10 for a side of chips/ potatoes) food not freshly prepared dry and not very warm snapper, mussels and clams old and cold. Very disappointing everything Gordon Ramsey tells establishments not to do. a wine lst that belongs in a 5 star  restaurant not a bar.  And I wish he would stop using the British flag he is not representing the average Brit.
4	After a series of meals designed to appeal to the lowest common denominator palette, I was glad to have some flavor-packed comfort food.At the Pub, we were greeted with warm, soft pretzels acompanied by whipped butter and cheddar spreads. Beef cheeks were tender and tasty. I normally dislike cooked carrots, but these were prepared well and maintained their snappiness. Shepherd's pie was the standout with shredded, braised lamb rather than the usual ground preparation. After watching Gordon's "Nightmare" shows, it was good to hear he practices what he preaches - each staff member has tasted the dishes they serve, and could describe them well. Our server was also knowledgeable about the Belgian and UK beers. I was even glad to hear disagreement on favorites - it was good confirmation they were sharing their opinion rather than promoting a certain "chef signature item." To this end, we decided to complete our meal with a blueberry cobbler topped with peanut butter crumble and peanut butter creme fraiche instead of the more traditional sticky toffee pudding. We'll be back.
1	Slow is key word! Not a little bit Terribly slow! 30-45 min for appetizers and the same for the entree! Fish was fishy and small in portion! Appetizer little burger bites were good. Others in my party were not impressed. Service people are very nice and personable but the kitchen is a disaster and killer!! For $50 a head plus tip I won't go again! Server was embarrassed by the kitchen. The beer is good and the server was knowledgeable. Even on reflection weeks later - No stars for kitchen -wait time and food (fish) poor! Server 4.0. Overall 1 stars. December 26. Unfortunately the service cannot overcome the food since that's why I came.I would caution accepting high reviews on face value. Appears they must have had a stellar opening and served drinks because the good reviews rarely focused on the Dinner food but liked the bar. Guess it depends on if you are there to eat or drink!Overall, I left my short trip to Vegas feeling I had wasted one good meal opportunity given the price there are just too many other outstanding choices to waste a dollar or precious time here! Appears Mr. Ramsey is better that hyping his restaurant and TV shows than producing it in his restaurant. Save your time and money.
4	I saw this place while exploring the casino and realized that it just opened earlier this month. I decided to take my sister here for a belated Christmas gift (she, like many others, is a Gordan Ramsey fan and aspires to also cook amazing food one day). Luckily, there was no need to physically stand in line - we placed our name on the waitlist and roamed around until the estimated time that that gave us to return, by which they had our table ready.After we sat down, we had to wait several minutes before the server came to us, but the staff and food more than made up for it. Our waitress, Elyse, was very sociable when she arrived, chatting with us for a while before taking our order. Because of our time constraint, my sister decided to settle for dessert only.We were debating between the sticky toffee pudding and potted triple chocolate trifle (both $9-10) and Elyse highly recommended the sticky toffee pudding, so we decided to go with that. Not disappointed with the overall selection at all!Sticky Toffee Pudding: The combination of toffee "pudding" (it's actually a cake in Britain) with toffee syrup (wasn't too sweet, which balances out the cake), and vanilla bean ice cream (made fresh daily and gives a nice balance between hot and cold) is heavenly!Overall:Con: Not getting the waiter right away when we sat downPro: Not needing to physically wait in line, friendly staff, quality dessertWill come here next time (over buffets) to try the rest of the menu!
1	Being a big fan of Gordon Ramsey and his steakhouse, I had high hopes for this place. My wife and I ate there on Christmas Eve.  Very disappointed. We sat on the pub side and we were not even offered to look at the pub menu. It wasn't until we ordered that I realized there was a second menu. We both chose the fish and chips. Greasy thick batter on flavorless fish. Chips were these thick cut and I don't mean steak like fries, I mean these block rectangular potatoes with no seasoning.  If you want fish and chips go to his steakhouse at Paris!!!  Also, the place just opened and Vegas was packed but this place was half empty at 9 pm.  Lousy vibe and music. The only positive were the cocktails.  Much better choices in Vegas.
5	I'm a local Las Vegas resident who had friends visiting and brought them here for dinner. Great atmosphere and food was very good. It took a little longer than expected for our food to arrive but one of the managers, Jason, offered us each a beer for our patience. We declined but it was a very nice gesture from a very attentive manager who checked in with us throughout our meal. Food was worth the price and this will definitely be a regular spot for me and my friends
5	Were do I start let's start with the service. It could not have been better. We sat at the bar and Adam took care of us. We had a great time with Adam who guided us through an awesome dining experience. If you go to the bar ask for Adam. However there is one problem virtually all the bar tenders are named Adam. But no worries it seems they are all above average. Ok now the important part the food. It having Ramsey's name carries high expectations. I am happy to say they were meet. I need to particularly point out the Shepherd's Pie. This is something I would normally avoid because of my stepfather's failed attempts. His was the worst thing I ever ate. Gordon's was the best thing I have ever had.  I will be back again and again. Finally a famous chief opens a very approachable place and blows away expectations. Good Job!!!
3	I am a huge fan of Gordon Ramsey. I have to say this was a very disappointing experience. Food was mediocre. Service was not great.  Not at all what I would expect from Gordon. One word to sum it up would be OVERRATED!!!
4	Gordon Ramsey is blowing up Las Vegas with his steakhouse in Paris, his Pub in Caesars and then his Burgr joint in PH...someone forgot to spell check that sh*t! Anyhoo, back to pub-tastic...we attended the preview dining and we were very pleased.All the servers were very attentive and pleasant & they have the cutest outfits!  The food was good, a very nice mix of European/English flair, although not a lot of selections for Vegetarians.They have a nice ambiance for a Pub and I would suggest it for sure, it's a mix between a restaurant, bar & lounge - you can choose to sit in any.... EXCEPT.....it's VERY pricey.  Our meal, two people, was $125 :/ Eesh!  My husband had the Scottish beer and he loved it!  "The pub includes 36 beers served on tap plus 24 bottled beers. With an eye towards dishes that pair well with beer the pub menu includes English ale onion soup, shepherd's pie, and a selection of sausages, fried egg sandwiches and the classic pub fish and chips."Save up your money before you go & Enjoy!!
1	I wish I could write a Awesome review but the experience was Terrible. 1/2/13 We had 6:15pm reservations, arrived early and seated at 6:09, from that point it was all down hill off a cliff!At 6:18 I had to ask one of the 5 waiters/waitresses that had walked by without even looking at us, I had to ask if one of them could help us, and/or who was the server at our table.  We found out that 'Jennifer' was over our table and never did show up and at 6:25pm when 'Kimberly' was assigned to us she comes over apologizes to us, turns to the table beside us to take their order who was just seated, the couple points out that we had been waiting forever and the waitress Kimberly says to her 'it"s ok, I will get them in a minute!'My wife bless her heart is not one to make a scene stands up with me and I tell the waitress we are leaving for good. Out the door we went, we will not be back, period.I am a Hugh Gordon Ramsay fan, books, cookware, knives, we have been to dinner at Gordon Ramsay Steak in Vegas, which was excellent. Just for the Gordonites in the crowd.We left went over to Bobby Flays 'Mesa Grill', was seated in less than 2 minutes, waitress acknowledgement and glass of water on the table in less than 1 minute! Hugh difference, not even close!Amazing Food and Amazing Service from Mesa Grill!! Saved our evening.I realize that no may care of even read this review but, it was extremely upsetting to see such a bad performance by the staff of a World Class Chef who I highly admire. The menu is extremely pricy for a pub so save your dollars up and forget the pennies it is not enough!
4	Met up with a couple of friends to grab a quick dinner.  Just a note - we looked on the Caesar's website in detail at all of their restaurants to find one that wasn't too overpriced since we had a big weekend of eating at nice places in front of us.  I didn't even know Gordon Ramsay had a place in Caesar's, but to my delight, there it was on the list and it had two $$ in front of it, noting it as an average check price of $20 per person.  This was not the case.  An average cost for an entree appears to be about $28.So I met up with my friends and ordered a dirty martini, which came out perfect.  We ordered our food and started chatting.  We noticed that 30 minutes had gone by and the waiter had not come back and our food had not arrived.  We waved him down and he said he would go check on it.  10 minutes later the food finally came out.  I had ordered the duck confit salad from the appetizer section.  The portion was almost an entree portion, but half the price!  It was delicious and perfectly cooked.  I finished the entire plate and was just full enough.  One of my friends ordered the roasted chicken, which looked like a tiny whole roasted chicken.  I didn't try any of it but he said it was great.  My other friend ordered the flank steak medium, and it came out medium rare.  She also said it was quite delicious.  We ordered the fingerling potatoes as a side, and those were BOMBtastic.  To my surprise, the side of brussel sprouts were okay (i HATE brussel sprouts).The ambiance was classy, but not stuffy.  I liked it a lot.  It was fun and just the right amount of loud.  The service was fine, other than the food taking forever, but maybe that's just because it's so new they are still trying to work out all the kinks.  It's also a huge plus my duck confit was only $16 and was such a big portion.  I'd go here again and try the fish and chips.  I saw a couple of waiters carrying that by for another table and my mouth began to water.  They looked phenomenal!
2	Waited and hour for average food. Or maybe my expectations are a tad bit high for a celebrity chef...
1	Wow. all i can say is disaster. overpriced food , small portions.. come on , 3 french fries with the burger? .. could go on about the food, buy why bother. Service... not much to say there , because there was barely any. sat at bar. yea it was steady but the bartenders where like deer in headlights. not sure what the problem is there or who is to blame.
2	I'm surprised...Never been to a snobby english prick restaurant before, but there's a first time for everything.  For perspective, our res was New Year's Day.  Waitress was personable, attentive and very knowledgeable about the menu (coincidentally she LOVED all the expensive stuff on the menu, I guess it is Vegas...).  Aside from the weird, tight, newspaper looking dresses that Gordon frocked them in, the waitstaff seemed on the ball as a whole.  Not sure what was going on in the kitchen though, it took a bit over an hour for our food.  If you haven't seen the menu its a trendy gastropub fare with flashes of England throughout.  I got the Lamb T-bone and it was so damn salty my foot swelled almost immediately.  For some reason, all four of our meals seemed a bit salty to me, I guess it is pretty typical english fare but I was a bit disappointed.  The atmosphere was awash with loud english flair accented by the waitstaff's overly loud garb.  Gordon, I just expected more from you.  If you're gonna make a fish and chips joint, be sure to keep it simple and rely on the pure flavor of the food not overseasoning as compensation.
1	I was so disappointed. . . I love Gordon and am a Huge fan of his shows, books, cooking, and yes, was so looking forward to his pub here in Vegas.. Butin the form of his words it was pure " S.H.I.T." I am not sorry.. but it was nothing but just that. Short with the Food and horrible service.. It's like a crowd of ducks quaking and not knowing what to do.  .  . Even the Mater D was horrifying. The fish was uncooked and over cooked for my Fish and chips. The Potatoes were so thick it's hardly a Chip! RIDICULOUS OVER PRICED NASTINESS! GORDON WHAT WERE YOU THINKING!!!! This joint needs help~ Seriously Real HELP! I also, hope you can choose a better outfit for your waitresses ... They are horrifying!! OH BLAH!!! Maybe i'll be back in 6 months once they have worked out all their Kinks but I will not be having the Fish and chips again... So... Sad... So Heart broken...
2	We went for lunch yesterday...service is solid, food is good, but...Portions - smallest of any restaurant in Vegas. Seriously? For a pub? Micro sized burgers, and my wife's Mac & Cheese, while good, was the size of an average side at Del Frisco's. I had the Reuben, which was creatively done, but for the same price I can go to Carnegie at the Mirage and get a monster sandwich (with the same quality of ingredients). The woman next to us had fish & chips, which was so small she went to the food court afterwards.Seating - they said they were full, even though 1/3rd of the tables were empty; which the hostess said were all reserved. So we ate at the bar. After an hour and a half (we linger a bit over lunch), on our way out we noticed pretty much all the same tables were still empty. So either the hostesses are holding things up to get tipped, or the casino is demanding an awful lot of held tables. Either way, Gordon, you are leaving a LOT of money on all those empty tables.
1	This was one of the worst restaurants ever. The food was great and juicy but the portions of the food was bad. We ordered the lamb ribs and they only gave us 2 tiny ribs the size of our pinky. Then we ordered this other dish that had steak, shrimp and ribs for $44.00 but they only gave us 1 shrimp, 1 riblet the size of my little pinky, and a tiny piece of steak. What a rip off if you guys haven't eat here yet don't they charge you a lot of money for just little portions of food.
2	Hmmmmmm, not quite sure where to start. Small portions, high prices, and then undercooked food. My food had to go back twice, first they cooked the burger wrong, and then the french fries were undercooked. This place is horribly understaffed. it took an act of congress just to get my drink refilled. This place needs some serious help before I will even think of going back again. 2 people, 2 burgers, and 2 glasses of ice tea = $52.98!!!  WOW!!!!no appetizers or dessert.I'm a little shocked and disappointed considering who owns this place.
2	Went in around 4PM on a Thurs. Had a limited menu to pick from since dinner menu starts @5. Staff seemed very friendly. Then I realized my beer was not what I ordered. Next some appetizers did not arrive. Waiter seemed to disappear.  After several apologies, we get our food 45 minutes after sitting down. The food was good, but definitely not great. Also, though I usually prefer smaller portions, these portions we really small. Not good value.  Do yourself a favor and go to Mesa Grill instead.
4	Came for dinner opening week.  No reservation, pretty easy to get a table.  This is an attractive restaurant, I really enjoyed the decor and uniforms.  Service was also pretty good aside from the one major issue of the night, menus (minus 1 star).  There were 4 people in our party and we had three menus showing one price and one menu that was about $10 higher per entree.  It is a big difference if the Shepard's pie is $25 or $16.  We asked about the price difference and the server immediately took away the expensive menu, but it makes me wonder...  The food was all great.  Portion sizes were average for the Shepard's pie, large for the pork chop, and VERY tiny for the lamb riblettes appetizer.   Beer selection was great including a dry English cider.  Sticky toffee pudding was very good served in a traditional fashion with plenty of sauce.   Value was reasonable for Vegas standards using the prices on the cheaper menu.  I will happily return as long as the expensive menu prices don't take effect.
4	First - the food is exceptional. The problem is with the front-of-house and overall presentation. Arrived 6pm and the place was 75% empty. Seating only by reservation! We had to cool our heels 15 minutes because they do not accept walk up business! I suppose this keeps out the riff-raff but it also keeps out customers. The bimbo squad that act as greeters/seaters are just that - bimbos. Fairly attractive and none too smart or just not well trained. Or both. The drink menu is presented to you on an iPad but the size of drink involved and the pricing does not match what they offer you! Attempted an $8.75 25oz. Newcastle draft off the iPad but could only order a pint at $7.75! Pints were not even on the iPad menu! They mention that this is a 'craft' beer place but it must be relegated to the bottled section as the draft selection is pretty pedestrian. Did I mention the food is outstanding? No doubt, this is what kept this at a 4-star rating. But they serve the entrees in a plate that is almost like a bowl. This makes cutting meat a bit of a challenge. The 2-seat tables are pretty small with little room to manage all the glasses, bread plates, raised wooded placemats, etc AND the freaking iPad. Service was decent by the wait staff. The decor does not match the hype. It is pretty boring and almost ugly unless half-kegs of beer as wall art is your thing. From place settings to 'reservation only' seating this is as far from a friendly, down-to-earth pub as one can imagine. I suspect Gordon Ramsay was involved in the menu and the overall licensing of his name/image and that is about it as part of his overall Harrah's deal. This location in Caesar's was Bradley Ogden's which was an overall brilliant restaurant across the board. Too bad it was replaced with this - which boasts as friendly and inviting but really isn't. But this is all about the food and the food is OUTSTANDING. Just don't expect a Michelin experience.
5	Me and my lady went there for dinner on New Years Eve and found it to be to our liking! The staff was helpful and friendly. We split a short rib (& cheek) sandwich, a beet salad, and a pint of New Castle on tap. It's loud because it's open and faces the Forum Casino at Caesars Palace. It's a fun place and I can't wait to go back!
4	Good as far as pub food goes and very knowledgeable barkeeps.You might be waiting a while for a table, but I can see why.
1	Califlower soup: Just okayFish n Chips: One of the worst I've ever ate and way overpricedBangers and mash:  Good, but not worth the price for just a few pieces of sausage/mash potatoes/grilled onions.Tourist trap.
2	Second Gordon restaurant in few months. Please know: huge fan of the show, etc. Second restaurant, second disappointment. Food was good but:- portions are tiny- ridicoulously overpriced- terrible service at many levels: 10 minutes wait for the warer order, 15More to order drinks and 20 to order food; no napkins; 5 waitresses at front door doing nothing and a bunch pf customers trying to catch their attention; horrible outfits, especially woman (btw not a good idea to have the Sun's headline celebrating the folkland's win on a dress...)- the fountain drinks suck. Coke was watery and with a very weird backtaste; asked for an outlet to plug my phone and the waitress would not even know what to do. - did i say overpriced?!? 17 bucks for 3 miniscule sliders with no side. Bottom line: Gordon you're full of s***, you talk about consistency but that's what this is: inconsistent and not worth the money.
4	Had lunch at Gordon's pub.  A little mix up getting the server initially, but the manager? was doing the rounds, got everything rolling quickly.  From then on, service was exceptional.  Managar suggested Innis & Gunn, reading other reviews, does seem they push that beer.  It was quite good.  Had the fish and chips based on Yelp feedback.  Good choice.  I thought the portions might be a bit small, but the dish is really filling, no room for desert.
1	Can't really talk about much but the poor service. We walked out after 25 minutes without any. We even told the hostess we were headed to the showroom. She said she would tell our server. We never saw a server. Too bad, the menu looked interesting.
1	Terrible service, food was over priced and bland. Manager was an A hole. Will not go back nor will I recommend this place to anyone. The worst restaurant experience I have ever had. If I was Ramsay I would be ashamed to have my name on this place.
1	So unless you want a free meal by having hot creamed spinach and beet greens spilled on you (or a friend) I suggest one of the other thousand restaurants in Vegas. Took forever to get served (even waters/drinks) after getting a late reservation. Food and drinks came out slow. took over 45 minutes to get our food after ordering. When the food finally came out the sides were not ready and my steak was already cooling down. We called the manager over to complain and while he was there apologizing, the creamed spinach side finally came and was accidentally dumped on one of our party. Needless to say dinner "was on them" after that. The food did not live up to my impression of Gordon Ramsy except in that the kitchen was from hell.Our waitress tried to be as attentive as possible but this place is a train wreck and I think there are better options around for the money (assuming we had paid)
4	I normally write separate reviews for each visit but these visits are only days apart. VISIT #1I came with some Yelperazzis for a snack before a Yelp event ( yes, we ate before a food sampling event and we went to eat after that too). We just decided to share some bits at the recommendation of David who has tried a extensive bit of the menu. The short rib and beef cheek sandwich was the star for me. It was beautifully braised and tender and I love their housemade stone ground mustard with a horseradish kick. I hate when a place can make a Shepherds pie that puts mine to shame (and I know mine is fucking delicious) but this did me in. I like that its a combo of lamb and beef and the gravy of it was savory and worth sopping up if there's some left after devouring (save a piece of bread or ask for some!). The deviled eggs were good in that the bacon does add a kick to it, but to me a deviled egg is just alright. Pei mussels and clams were perfectly cooked and the broth with it was solid and had a nice saffron flavor.I got the Magic Hat #9 to drink which was nice and freshly apricot to cut the richness of the food. Service was on point. Lovely, funny, enthusiastic Elise took such great care of us, filled our drinks, checked in on us, gave great recommendations and got us checked out in a flash.  VISIT #2A few days later I return for my BFs friends birthday with a large party of 10 people. It was much busier on a Saturday night than the weekday we came. The BF and I got the duck confit poutine to start as I really wanted it when I came last but they were out. I say it's rather good and comforting, lots of shredded confit to go around for each bite of fries. I don't know if I would call it poutine as I normally have a much thicker gravy, but this au jus gravy situation was densely rich. We tried bites of our friends scotch egg which was a great version of a dish I am a big fan of. One friend got some pub spot sliders which was okay but a bit too well done for my taste. The BF got fish and chips which I thought was a solidly done one. I definitely am a fan of their tartar sauce! They don't give you malt vinegar automatically but ask if you want it. They have this garlic aioli that came with someones order but I asked for more to dip the steak fries in. If you love aioli on potatoes like I do, it'll elevate your fries. I got the Irish beef cheek stew and fuck me sideways it was so tender and perfect. I did need some more potato but people kept throwing me their log fries so I mashed that into the jus and aaahhh, noms. Clean plate of course. Between this, the short rib and cheek sandwich this place knows how to braise meat to meltingly tender. I had to get some sticky toffee pudding and it was delicious. It's one of my all time favorite comforts and theirs was definitely everything this is supposed to be. People wanted to taste and inside in my head was screaming "no, no, no" while I shared nicely like my mommy taught me. Everyone was happy with their food. One of our friends orders wasn't put in... It worked out since there was no way another friend could finish their sandwich so they shared and they expedited a duck confit poutine for him. Service was decent enough from our server and another server helping our table with water a few times. The person who white knighted the service though was our busser David that helped get all our random sauces and got to some ignored sodas and waters a few times. The thing that really blew chunks was we were held hostage for the bill. People shoulda spoke up to maybe split before things were even ordered so that part was our fault, but the way it was split was so inefficient. Went to one person and asked what they ordered and then disappeared and going one by one and coming back to recheck and check again and again which is which. He came to ask us what we had twice after the first time. Split checks during my first visit was painless. She tabbed which person is whose on one big check then came with one check back that split it into seat #1, #2, #3, etc. to make sure it was right then paired the card/cash to the seat and came back with our individual receipts - done. This took forever this time when I really think it shouldn't have been that hard to get items to the right person. A little wait was expected, but we waited almost as long for checks than our entire meal duration. One friend was salty they got attitude from the server about the bill? I did not witness or asked for a elaboration. Apparently this place also runs with having a cashier settle bills for the servers and they only have one? This place is packed so I think they may need another if a lot of people are waiting. Pleased with the food and my first visit but coming with a smaller party at non peak hours to sit in Elises section! I'll average it to a 4stars as "I'm a fan", but warn big parties to handle splitting yourself and don't come when busy!(Yelp 100 Challenge 13/100)
2	Definitely not worth a detour. What bothered us is the extreme noise level (loud rock music), the slow service, the prices are high because of the name on the door. It is also adjacent to the casino and therefore a lot of smoke comes into the place. The food was tasty but not a great deal.Will not come back.
1	Gordan Ramsey needs to make a visit and yell at someone!! read on to see why!A local recommended this place as they had the best fish in chips in town, so my husband being a big fan of fish and chips, we thought hey why not? Well, once we got seated, I looked around that people had pretzal breads at their tables, and I thought, looks good and cant wait to try. Once we ordered our drinks, and food, there was no mention of bread coming or anything. So I looked at the menu, and did not see it on the menu to order it. We thought, it must come later.So after about 15 min, we got our drinks, and no bread.Another 15 min, no bread. by this time, we are like WTF? Our waitress did not even come by!! UGH. I am hungry and madSo 10 more min, she came by and we asked about the bread, and she said, " you have to order it". well by this time, our dinner was coming, and we said no.Our food finally came. I ordered the Salmon, and I had asked if it was salty, and she said no. well first bite: SALTY!! UGH! Oh and it said it came with garlic chips, so I was expecting FRIES! as the rest of the menu had CHIPS (which are fries). Well you know what they were? SMALL ASS 4 pieces of garlic american chips. So small I didnt even see them!!! the fish and chips were OKAY, notthing special. I have had much better in Seattle and in dana Point, CA. So overall:1. SERVICE: SUCKS! ( water NEVER got refilled)2. FOOD is WAY TO Overprices for what you get (I can get much better food for the same price in Vegas)3. FOOD IS OKAY, nothing WOW.I will never come back here again, and I do not recommend it at all. horrible horrible. Dont waste you time. Vegas is about fun and good food, well this is not one of them. Gordan Ramsey, sorry  this place is not so good.
1	We haven't been to a Gordon Ramsay restaurant before but we were expecting a good experience. Boy were we wrong. Some of the food were pretty good, I'd give that 3 stars, our server was awesome - I give her 5 stars, everybody and everything  else 0 stars... First of all, we went at 5:45 to get a table for 3 - with lots of empty tables in the restaurant they tell us, they can't accommodate us until 9:45 that night. We weren't that hungry so we decided to take the 9:45 reservation. When we got there again, we had to wait to be seated because it seemed like they didn't even know which tables were available. We finally got seated at approximately 10:15 and the hostess gave us ONE menu for a party of three. Okay, you might be busy and ran out of menus for the moment, but you should give us two additional menus ASAP. She never came back, and every other party around us had a menu for per person in their party. My friend saw a hostess with extra menus in her hands so she flagged her down to give us the menus. She had the nerve to say, "I'm sorry, we usually only give ONE MENU PER TABLE." - really?! That's a ridiculous excuse...if you can't think of something better, just say sorry and hide behind the counter or something. Oh yeah they ran out of water as they were filling our glasses so one of them was half full and they never came back to give us more...We finally placed our order probably at 10:30. We ordered pub crisps (pretty good, might be a little too oily), mini sliders (I tried one that was overcooked, the meat was so dry), duck confit poutine (best dish of the night), a burger, and fish and chips (if I had read the review that all fish dishes were crap, I wouldn't have ordered this) and two drinks. During the 1+ hour that we were waiting for our food, we decided to order desserts ahead of time because we were afraid that would take another hour. We ordered the sticky toffee pudding and triple chocolate trifle - both were very good. We also got the peanut butter and jelly but that was too sweet for our taste buds. We ordered at the same time as this table of two girls that the bald manager guy snuck in after we were seated. But their food and drinks came way earlier than ours. We finally got our drinks at 10:45 and we didn't get any of our food until 11:44. That's over an hour after we placed our order, and people who were seated after us got their food, one table even paid and left already. Our food didn't even come in the order that the food should arrive, we got appetizers and entrees at the same time. At least they didn't bring us the dessert too. A different manager came with the people serving our food. My friend just started to complain about the poor service that we had all night. (Aside from our server - we didn't quite catch her name but she acknowledged us, she keeps coming back to tell us she had already asked the kitchen to hurry up and get us our food; she was very attentive and nice to us while we were waiting.) So the manager was apologizing, saying sorry that we had such a bad experience, yada yada ya. And they ended up giving us a free meal. If we had to pay, I would say the food is slightly overpriced. Portions are small but depending on what you order, the food was pretty good. (DON'T ORDER FISH!!) Unless they fix how they run the restaurant (kitchen and everybody else minus that one server), I wouldn't come back...even if I loved the duck confit poutine, sticky toffee pudding and the potted triple chocolate trifle -_- But they just opened recently, so I might give it one more try (after careful screening of fellow yelp reviewers comments) in the future or if it is still around...They have pretty judgmental people working there, if you want better, quicker service, then dress up. There was this other table near us, they received the same kind of crap service when it came to food, drinks, and all. They had to wait just as long as we did, if not longer. And they messed up their order on food too.
4	A bit apprehensive given the reviews but we really enjoyed the experience. The place looks great and the food and service will get there with a little time. Love the interior design and the place was packed with a 15 minute wait! We sat at the bar Matt was awesome. Place mats are very English pub looking... Love the plate presentation.the selection of draft beers is fantastic. they even offer a draft hard apple and pear ciders. the pear was amazing and Matt was happy to let me try a sample of the apple as well.We started with the duck poutine and the warm pretzels. Pretzels were wonderful and the English mustard was super spicy and delicious. Duck poutine was good but not a lot of confit for the price.Fish and Chips was a mixed bag. the fish was excellent, cooked perfectly with a great malt vinegar presentation. We did not care for the "Chips" the french fries served witht he Poutine were much better.Sticky toffee pudding an excellent. Peanut butter and Jelly dessert needed work. If I am in the Forum SHops or going to an event/show at Caeser's I will be back.Lots of great things on the menu I still want to try.The dual pricing Regular menu price/Harrah's club member pricing truly INSULTING and fit for a Casino buffet not a world class chef
4	Went here last week a few weeks after it officially opened. Saw them doing practice dinners earlier in the week.Overall, the place wasn't bad, but it wasn't wowing. I actually came here twice. Once for a business dinner, which was good food and great service. We had reservations and were promptly seated. The waiters had interesting uniforms, especially the very well supporting women's dresses. We ended up having 5 instead of 4 halfway through our meal and were very pleased with the flexibility of the staff considering the stature of the restaurant and their relatively business and newness. Props to them for being extremely considerate.The food was good, for being British. Admittedly, my opinion of British food has never been good or bad. Just mediocre. Gordon Ramsay's name on it makes me have naturally higher expectations. As expected, the menu is relatively small, but very selective.Since I had higher expectations, I can tell you that the food was good, but I wouldn't say it was amazing. I enjoyed eating here and so did all of the other people that came with me. We had a full course of appetizers, followed by entrees, and desserts.So, I managed to get a full compliment of what the restaurant had to offer. After this visit, I went back with a few buddies after gambling at Caesar's and we just wanted to get drinks at the bar but they were 'too busy' to seat us so we actually stood at the bar waiting for somewhere to sit. We even had a waitress try to get one of the hostesses to seat us in one of the obviously empty tables, but they refused saying that they were booked. Needless to say, this part of my experience was a bit offsetting. In addition to that, we bartenders were a bit hissy when it came to asking to close the tab, which we found a bit odd. They seemed less than concerned to help us pay them.Overall, I would say my experience was pretty good and that I would come back, just not for the bar. Only for food/drinks if I have a reservation. Oh, and I loved the Corgi chair that I had been sitting in. I'll post a picture later.
3	I had the beef burger which had an odd flavor.  My son had the Shepard's Pie which was cold under the potatoes and again with a strange flavor.  I'm not sure if there is a herb that they use in the meat but it's very off putting.   The servings are small and the small plate is more like a bite.  Service was good but it's to expensive for what you get.  I would probably go again for a beer at the bar since there is an amazing selection of beers and the pretzels are delicious!
1	Good service even when at full capacity. That's where the good ends. First of all $8 for a bottle of water!  8!  F u Gordon. That's almost as much as my entree, the duck poutine. I would have been better off sticking to water. The poutine was so salty it was inedible. Awful. And few if any curds. Two tiny slivers of dried out duck. Yuk. Do not want.
4	I actually thought this place was pretty good. The whole restaurant remodel went over very successfully and it now boosts a large open floor plan.  True to form, all the staff still wear crazy outfits that just look silly on some.  We got the Shepard's pie and the mac-n-cheese and shared these two items for lunch.   The Shepard's pie was AMAZING def get this.  The mac-n-cheese was just OK for me.  Service was great and availability to make a reservation online on opentable is always a plus.
4	I actually wanted to give this place 4.5 stars but unfortunately yelp doesn't allow that :(A date took me here for dinner two nights ago. I loved how decor was bright and colorful when we walked in. The server was extremely attentive and knowledgeable about the menu which was great since I couldn't decide what to get. We both loved the extensive amount of beers on tap!We were served complimentary pretzel bread with a sharp cheddar cheese spread that I could have just eaten as my meal - Delish! Since it's pretty cold here right now I started with the english ale onion soup which was an even better version than french onion soup. It was rich and very filling. My date had the pub beef burger with ginormous fries..I totally wanted what he had. Sadly, he demolished the whole plate so I didn't even get a taste but that's what I'm getting next time. The server really sold us on the sticky toffee pudding with sweet cream ice cream. I was in heaven..I took away half a star only because they have huge flat screen tv's at each table and my date was glued to it since the game was on. I think it took away from the experience a little bit but I was definitely pleased with the service and food.
5	A friend and I went to the new Pub two weeks ago, and I am really behind in my reviews. We had such a great night and I have no idea what other reviewers are talking about. The hostess,server and manager were all as attentive as I would want them to be. We were promptly greeted and brought some deicious pretzel bread with a cheese spread. I had to stop myself from eating it all and ruining my appetite. I ordered a cucumber mint gin martini that the server suggested. I want that recipe! The shrimp cocktail appetizer sounded unique since it was poached in a ginger beer, and had a beautiful light dressing and fried capers. It was seriously the best shrimp cocktail I have ever had. I would love it on a bed of lettuce to make it a complete meal. For my entree I had to try an authentic British fish and chips. WOW! It was the lightest beer batter and freshest fish, so flaky and perfect with a sprinkling of malt vinegar. An added surprise was the mashed mint peas. So tasty. My friend had the shepards pie and let me try it, it was really good and I loved all the lamb flavor. For dessert we had the butterscotch pudding that was creamy and not too rich. I felt the prices were less then I expected for a Gordan Ramsey restaurant and the service was on the same level as his restaurant at the Paris. We were both very happy and hope to see Gordan the next time we are there.
1	So disappointed!I came here expecting good pub food, and good service, after all that's what Mr Ramsay demands of others. We had a party of 10, and called at 8pm on a Thursday night, they couldn't fit us in until 9.45pm. OK so they're busy - a good sign I thought. We arrived at the appointed time, and there were about 20 people lined up for tables. Our table was ready so we went straight in.Service was terrible! We struggled to get the attention of a waiter to order drinks, and food. Drinks were slow to come to the table (maybe within 30 mins of sitting down), and the food took over an hour and 15mins to arrive! They got some of the orders wrong too. The place was not full, almost empty by the time we got our food.Within 5 minutes of our food arriving (by then 11.10pm) they turned the lights down, and down, all the way to almost complete darkness. We were eating in the dark! The waiters were using their iPhones flashlight just to see where they were going. We asked a passing waiter to turn the lights back on, he said he would have to ask his manager - eventually they turned them up a bit.The food was hit and miss. Fish and Chips - great fish, light fluffy batter, but disappointing chips - giant slabs of potato that were not crunchy or flavorful. It came with "house made tomato sauce" which tasted *exactly* like Heinz Ketchup.My friends weren't raving about their food either, some was good, some average.If Gordon was there he would've slammed this place shut until they got their act together.
4	A few of us went to this place over the weekend.  Although I don't find British food all that exciting, I had to give this place a try...why not?The interior and decor were ok.  This is a pub so, it's not a place to take your date.  There's bread service of pretzels with butter and a cheddar spread.  It's about $20-30 per entree, $10+ for sides like English chips - depending on the menu (there's a pub menu and a grill menu).  We wanted to try the duck confit poutine but unfortunately, they weren't available.  Such bad news.  So, we ordered truffle chips, short-rib and cheek sandwich, steak, pork belly, and cornish hen.  For dessert we had peanut butter and jelly, sticky toffee pudding, butterscotch pot de creme and potted triple chocolate trifle.  Nothing exciting about the truffle chips and the steak.  I mean, they were good...just nothing exciting.  Except for maybe, one tidbit about how they cook their chips/fries 3 times: boiled, baked and fried.  CORNISH HEN:It came with veggies and I'm glad I ordered a side of English chips or I would've ended up hungry.  The skin was nice and crisp and full of flavor. 4/5PORK BELLY:This was my favorite out of all the stuff we ordered. Fatty, crispy and delicious! 5/5SHORT-RIB AND CHEEK SANDWICH:It was quite tasty.  Reminds me of a dish my mom made called mechado...but in a sandwich. 4/5PEANUT BUTTER & JELLY:It has a hint of peanut butter and some blackberries.  I'm not a fan. 2/5STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING:A classic.  It's warm, ooey-gooey and served with a scoop of ice cream and it was just perfect! 5/5BUTTERSCOTCH POT DE CREME:It's got pumpkin and a hint of nutmeg with pumpkin seeds on top. Reminds me of fall/Thanksgiving. 4/5TRIPLE CHOCOLATE TRIFLE:I'm a chocoholic so I had to have this. Not the best chocolate dessert I've had but it's good. I finished my dessert without a problem. 4/5The food was good but the service needs to be improved.  Our food came one at a time and we normally wait until the last person gets her/his food before we all start eating.  A few follow-ups later, the last person got her food and by the time, everyone's food already had gotten cold.  The manager came and talked to us so, our desserts were comped.  It took forever to get drink refills and if you ask for sweetener or anything at all...you might have to wait 30 minutes to get it.  So, overall, I'd give this place 3.5/5 stars.  If I were Gordon Ramsay, I would tell the staff to "f@*% off!"
3	I always keep an open mind when trying a new place. Especially having tried Gordon Ramsay Steak and loving it. With that said we were greeted by a cute chatty hostess to show us to our table. I liked the staffs outfits, dark wood decor and barrels stacked to create a wall between the bar and restaurant but I hated our table. The location was fine, but it was a high top with backless stools, I felt like a little kid and never felt comfortable. Request a booth, they look so comfy. We got food menus right away but had to wait for the drink menu, they brought us some water ( which wasn't the tastiest tap water) while we passed the one drink menu iPad around deciding what to drink. Doug was the only one getting a specialty cocktail, the Pub Crawl. It was light and tasty, I'd recommend it, he ended up getting a second one later. I had my heart set on a Scotch Egg but I noticed it wasn't on the menu, once we finally made our minds up on food I asked our waiter about the Scotch Egg, he said it's on the pub menu and offered to get us one. We waited and waited, when he finally came back, he asked if we were ready to order,  again I asked about the pub menu, he apologized and got us one within a minute. He seemed to discourage us from most things on the pub menu, not sure why? But I ended up getting the Scotch Egg which was very disappointing, it wasn't greasy, had a nice crunch but the sausage was dry and very spicy which overwhelmed the egg and I didn't care for dipping it in the hp sauce. I had one at another gastropub in town and it was tremendously better than Gordon's. We had also received their free bread service which included 3 different pretzel bites and a rye roll with pots of butter and cheese. Having 4 people at our table I think we should've gotten 2 but we all shared so we could have a bit of everything. They were all very good, I would order it if it wasn't complimentary. One thing we thought was strange was we didn't get bread plates to eat our bread or share the apps. Very messy.When ordering our entrees, Doug was unsure on what to get and tried to get some help from the waiter, but it was one of those scenarios where they say everything is good but push the most expensive choice, not very helpful.Our entrees came not too long after our apps and bread. Crowding our already small table, they never removed the Scotch Egg dish. There was a Pork Belly Roll, the Lamb T-Bone, and 2 of us got the Fish and Chips. We sampled each dish. The Pork belly was very moist and tender but it didn't have much else going on. The lamb was okay but nothing special, I didn't taste any of the mint jus that was suppose to be present, the mustard on the side was strong with horseradish but it was good. The Fish was tender and not greasy with a decent crunch but it wasn't anything special either, I've had better fish and chips at an English pub in town. The "chips" were way too big, not crispy at all, I didn't like them. The mushy peas were really nice and fresh tasting though. I couldn't finish one of fish pieces so asked for it to packed up, I think in higher end places the waiter should box it for you, but maybe that's just me. I had to box it myself.  We couldn't leave with out getting the Sticky Toffee Pudding for dessert. It was really good. Sweet, moist, gooey, some crispy spots all with a side of sweet cream ice cream. Yum.Thus far my impression was poor service, don't waste your time on an entree here (IMO go to his steakhouse instead), seems like a good spot for drinks, small bites/apps, and dessert. I have to say they were nice enough to allow us to hang out for awhile after dinner, they warned us they were closing for a private event so the place cleared out fast around us but let us stay til the last minute before they had to have everything ready. We were also well supplied with water, even though we had already paid and tipped. For the prices and name on the door, I was disappointed. Gordon, say it ain't so!
2	Highly over-rated.Had the fish and chips. Batter was nice, but not crispy enough. They didnt fry the fish long enough.Fries were not traditional and DIDNT work in this dish.Peas were honestly the best part of the dish... eh...
2	Although the employees are kind, this place is a mess. Poor location and ridiculously expensive. They didn't even have fish and chips on their menu. I think the man himself needs to clean this place up.
4	Didn't eat here, but had some drinks. Impressive mixology. I recommend "The Pub Crawl", made with black tea syrup and Knob Creek Whiskey.
4	The food was definitely great.  The wife had the lamb burger with goat cheese.  while it had nothing besides the goat cheese on it, I was skeptical as I like a lot of strong flavors.  But it was quite tasty, I was surprised.  I ordered the fish n chips.  That being said I'm not a big fish n chips fan normally because the breading never seems completely done to me.  However the fish n chips was really good.  The batter had just the slightest hint of being not quite crispy all the way through though.  So the 4 stars.But the chips or fries were amazing!!  They are delicious and the size of landscaping timbers!  Someone on here complained about them which I thought was stupid.  It did take about 15 min longer than I thought it should for the kitchen to get our order out though.  We were one of the first ones there and there were several other tables that got their food first.  All in all it was 90 mins start to finish for lunch.
4	Almost everything at this restraint was perfect.  First the ambiance was casual and unique.  The food was cooked to perfection. I had the short rib cheese steak, this is the first time I had short ribs prepared like a cheese steak.  It was original and delicious.  The short rib was perfectly seasoned and had a horseradish sauce while delicious, it made the sandwich a little spicy.  The caramelized onions and red peppers complemented the dish.  The fries were prepared as small wedges and baked, topped with parmesan cheese, this was such a simple but delicious concept!  Be warned before you eat here you are going to pay. While the prices are high the food quality is defiantly worth it.  If you stay away from alcohol your average price per person will run between $15-30 for lunch.  The only thing stopping me from a 5 star rating was the stow service.
3	Seated quickly, but restaurant was relatively empty on that day of week. Service was great, quick to take our order and service our needs, but the waiter telling me his favorites while ordering each & every course was somewhat unnecessary. I ordered fish & chips and my friend ordered shepherds pie. Both were good, but definitely not the best I've had. I expected the cost to be on the high end based on it was a GR restaurant, but the portion sizes were relatively small for their costs. We basically felt like we needed to order dessert just to fill our bellies.  I wasn't crazy disappointed, but I suppose I expected more from a Gordon Ramsay branded establishment. My friend whom I went with had been to his other new spot BURGR and enjoyed it, and I've been to the other one STEAK and enjoyed that, so I guess I had higher expectations for this one as well.
4	What isn't to love about a restaurant where the beer and wine menu is twice as long as the food menu?My aunt decided to visit me in sin city this past weekend and this was the first restaurant on her list that she wanted to try.  We arrived at about 3 on a Saturday afternoon and there was only about a 10 minutes wait.  We were seated by the very sweet host.   We were seated on the side near the walkwayTruffle Chips - They are huge!!  They are about 1in x 1in x 3in.  I heard they are boiled, baked, and deep fried to give it that wonderful consistency.  The Truffle Chips are special because they drizzle it with wonderful scrumptious truffle oil and top it off with truffle shavings.  There are also two dipping sauces one tomato based and the other has a creamier consistencyPub Lamb Burger - This burger comes with a good sized lamb patty that is cooked to order.  Topped with goat cheese and sun dried tomatoes.  It was wonderful!  You also get a side of their giant chips.  If you are a beer drinker I recommend pairing it with a bottle of Delirium :)I took off one star because of the tight seating situation.  My aunt and I were seated near the edge of the restaurant and we could barely get in and out of seats.  I'm not sure if all parts of the restaurant are like this, but it was pretty uncomfortable.I really enjoyed my experience (minus the seating issue).  I can see myself coming back in the future if I have more visitors, but I will be sure to try and sit in a different section. TIP: I recommend parking at the self parking near the Forum.  Once you come off the elevators turn right and you will run right into the Pub & GrillBust out your Total Rewards Card (the players club card for the Harrah's Casinos) and save a buck or two on every item.
1	Dear Gordon,This was my first trip to this 'restaurant' of yours. May I say if I wanted to feel like I wanted to be in one of your 'Kitchen Nightmare' shows this was it - at your very own restaurant. !! I am very disappointed Gordon. Arriving Thursday evening, four front of house lady restaurant hosts in their tight fitting 'London' dresses (just to remind you you were entering the land of british cuisine) sparring over seating arrangements on their seating/reservation computer made for great amusement as the restaurant waiting line grew. Eventually getting to the front we asked whether we wanted to sit on the low tables or higher tables - we indicated lower. A few minutes later one of the other hosts took us to our higher table - we told her of what we had asked for - she seemed confused - however we told her we'd stay at the table she'd taken us to - communication a problem here ?  After five to ten minutes waiting our waiter Ali D came along. A young chap who told me he had been educated at a college in Birmingham, UK and had attended business school but had come back to the States to waiter because the money was better 'waitering'. Taking my order of Shepard's Pie and a pint of Fullers he promply disappeared. Twenty five minutes passed and then the Shepard's Pie turned up.Ali still no where in sight with the beer. The bowls for the Shepard's Pie are circa 7" are smaller than what you think, however quality over quantity here as you are paying $23 for a tasting experience Ramsay style.  Asking this waiter about my drink - he promptly left and ten minutes later Ali turned up with the drink ! yeah ! - only 40 minutes to get a drink. !! Quality of the Shepard's Pie - packed with lamb and vegetables , it was not extraordinary in anyway , however what let it down considerably was the mash potato topping which was watery, singing to the fact this thing had just been microwaved - either that, or Gordon's mum had trained Gordon to make mashed potatoes this way - I think not.   After finishing this and waiting another ten minutes for Ali to come back, I decided to be brave and order the Sticky Toffee pudding. At this point , I had a further surprise - a bread basket appeared !! another first for me - isn't this suppose to appear at the start of the meal ? Five minutes, ten minutes, fifteen minutes , boy how long does it take to make this dessert ? Ali passed  us a number of times and no comment from him. Eventually I flagged down another waiter and told him I was 'pissed' and wanted to see my waiter. A few minutes later Ali turned up, telling him promply to cancel the dessert offering and get me the bill. No apologies or anything, he left the table. Bringing us the bill for, you've got it, for $122.00 !!! - instead of $32 - way to go Ali !! .  At this juncture, I think one of the other waiters must have summoned the attention of the evening manager Brian Ward. Brian was exemplary in apologizingfor the level of service I had received and invited me back to experience the restaurant one more time as I had a couple more days in town. He gave me his card and I thanked him for coming over to make amends.  Unfortunately Gordon, there are many other places in Vegas to eat and this is one restaurant of yours I shall not be returning to. This place is a disaster and I'd strongly urge you Gordon to get on the next flight here to shake things up asthis restaurant could be on the road to no where sooner than what you think.Sorry to give you this news, but as a fellow Brit - I have to be honest.If you want me to show your Chef there how to make Shepard's Pie - I'll gladly take the F Word challenge against him/her and see who wins.
3	I found this place to be pretty average. Went in on a Monday afternoon about three o'clock and it was nearly completely full. We squeezed in at the bar and had the lamb burger and a beer. It was all perfectly fine, but there wasn't anything special about it. Plus, I had a far superior lamb burger the next day at Ri-Ra in Mandalay Place. And it came with sweet potato tots!Gordon Ramsay was packed with conventioneers and as a result, the service was a little slow and it took the food a while to come out. Plus the outfits the servers wear are a little ridiculous. So if you can deal with the crowds, GR's is OK enough. But it sure makes you miss Bradley Ogden, which used to occupy this space.
4	The service was great & my husband definitely enjoyed the hostess cute outfits. I loved the cool atmosphere & the comfortable seats. I had a beer that cost $9.00 which was a bit much, but the food prices are what you should expect from a Gordon Ramsey restaurant.Tip: make sure to make reservations & if you have a rewards card you can get a discount.Menu tip: they have a bar menu & a dinner menu. So make sure to ask for both. If you sit at the bar you can only order from the bar menu.Food recommendation: I highly recommend the Mac & cheese. It's like no other you have ever had. It is topped with truffles. It is a good portion so you can share with another person or take the other half home. If your not a fan of steak fries then I don't recommend the pub chips since they are twice the thickness of steak fries, my husband is very picky and did not like them, but I thought they were yummy.
1	GordonCmon mate.  You have a show to tell people how to run a restaurant and this place is a joke.  While food was decent, service speed was horrible.  You should be ashamed to have your name on this place.  The place was 30% occupied at 830 on Monday night and it took 25 min to get our drinks.  Took equally long to get second round which showed up when dinner was finished.  Our bill could have been twice as large and we had a party of 8.  Get off of your high horse and run your business!!
4	I am not really supposed to review this, since I've only been here for a Yelp Elite Event, but VEGANS NEED TO KNOW: despite the reputation of British food, they will make accommodations for you here!One of the servers told me that they actually even have a "Vegan plate of the day"..... probably not on menu, but ask!!! I had several super tasty cocktails, AMAZING service from KIMBERLY (ask for her, she will treat you RIGHT!), and a very tasty veg plate with crispy fried fingerling potatoes, roasted onions, Brussels sprouts, turnips and a mushy peas.  SO GOOD.  Topped with sprigs of fried thyme.  I loved it.  They also have a great raspberry sorbet for dessert.
3	I came here for an early dinner so around 4:30 p.m. and I sat at the first bar and even though there were about 4 people behind the bar, not one person even greeted me for about 15 minutes.  They weren't even helping any of the other customers.  I finally just got up and went to the second bar and thankfully the guy behind the bar there was attentive.  I ordered the lamb burger with creamy goat cheese and it was delicious.  I also tried one of their specialty cocktails which involved Guinness and I think Kahlua and it was interesting.  The food was good but the service could really use some help.
3	I have now been to the Gordon Ramsay Pub and Grill twice; once on New Years Eve and then again yesterday. My party and I were satisfied on NYE. The waitress was friendly and attentive and the food was incredible. However, my visit yesterday was mediocre at best. We had to ask twice to get out free pretzel/bread basket and it wasn't delivered until well after we received our entrees. Also, the food was not all delivered at the same time. I ordered the fish and chips, which you would think was the fastest to make (compared to the lamb and sliders), but I had to wait three or four minutes for my dish after the others were delivered. There were no complaints about the food, but we felt neglected.Tips:- Make sure to make reservations on Open Table before hand- If you have Total Rewards make sure to check the TR prices are charged on your bill. Both times I visited full price was charged. They also don't accept Ceasers TR F&B vouchers.- I made the mistake of taking my parents here. The music was very loud, which I don't mind. However, it was difficult for my older parents to hear.- As with most upscale restaurants, unless specified (eg Fish and Chips), the entrees don't include any sides. You have to order them separately.
2	Shepherds pie was good,as was the mushy peas,  fish and chips was so so, fish was good but the big block/logs chips were not. We didn't get our drink order till half way through our dinner. Thankfully the waiter did comp our drinks for the poor service. So that made up for it.
5	I have had two dreams involving Gordon Ramsay's pork belly, and that was just in the last week since I have eaten here.We went to the pub last week for a nice, relaxing dinner. The restaurant was packed for a good reason, so we weren't able to get a reservation until 10:30PM. The reason why I was willing to wait was because when I went to the hostess stand and asked if they had a gluten free menu, the hostess pulled it out and it was full of GF happines. A pub with a gluten free menu? I never thought this was possible! Oh, but it was, and oh was it amazing.We ordered their house chardonnay in a carafe. Very reasonably priced and went perfectly with all three of our dishes. It was a strong chardonnay, and I didn't want to stop drinking it.We started off with the cauliflower soup with curry oil. I am very sensitive about curry. Curry is powerful and if used incorrectly, it can devastate or illuminate a dish. Since we shared the soup they split it into two bowls, no extra fee. The first sip? MIND BLOWING. The soup wasn't soup; it was so light and airy that it was actually like a foam. The curry brought a subtle smokiness to the dish and with the little saltiness from the bacon and sweetness of the caramelized onion, this became one of our top 3 soups. EVER.Then we ordered their salmon and pork belly as entrees, both which are naturally gluten free. The salmon skin was like a potato chip and the salmon was cooked to perfection. Not too raw in the center and perfectly soft and flaky all throughout. The cream sauce was subtle, not heavy and not overwhelming so that salmon was still the star of the dish. It went beautifully with the mushrooms and other garnishing vegetables. My husband got the pork belly, the star of the night. Neither of us have ever had pork belly before, and I am now spoiled on pork belly and have very little hope that any restaurant will beat Ramsay's because this pork belly, even with all the fat, melted in my mouth and did not make me ill with greasiness. It was pork butter, and I could have eaten the entire dish had my husband not devour it before me. This pork belly was perfectly cooked and the sauce underneath was not rich was I LOVED because there is only so much my palette I can take before going into to overload. There is too much for me to say about this pork belly, so to avoid the novel, just eat it. You cannot go wrong. Also, grab a side of chips with fried truffle. Best chips my husband has had in the U.S.Service was phenomenal, manager stopped by to see how we liked dinner, the environment and rhythm of the restaurant was smooth, sexy and upbeat and there is truly nothing I did not like about our experience here. We will absolutely go back VERY, very soon.Mmmm,...pork butter...P.S. Throw down your Total Rewards card and save a few dollars!
5	Great Decore and more of the great simple food I Expect from any thing with Gordon's name on it
2	Hands down, this spot gets the distinction of being the restaurant with the worst service out of any restaurant at which I've ever eaten, and I've eaten at a ridiculous amount of restaurants. You've been open for six weeks, you're not still in a soft open, there is NO EXCUSE for how terrible this place is. The training wheels should be off, kids.We arrived for a late lunch and the flaws showed immediately. Three hostesses in newspaper print dresses standing around? Not a good sign. They told us it would be at least fifteen minutes. Oddly, there were a ton of open, set tables, including the one they sat us at twenty minutes later. When we were seated we were told that Joe would be our waiter. Joe ran by and asked if we wanted a drink list, we said yes. He said, "Two minutes!" while still running. We waited the two minutes and at least five more before asking one of now four hostesses who were just hanging out for a beer list. As she hands it to us, Joe goes by with drinks and yells (YELLS), "I TOLD them two minutes!" Okay, Joe, here's a food service lesson from someone older and more experienced than you: water, drink lists and don't ever act put out. It's not like we interrupted YOU, we asked someone who clearly had nothing to do. A new waiter stopped by and introduced himself. We said hi and asked for water and a drink list. We got them a while later and ordered shortly thereafter some drinks (Scottish Ale, Union Jack, Strongbow, Guinness), apps (truffle chips, deviled eggs), and meals (Mac 'n Cheese, two pub burgers, a lamb burger and a chopped salad). They were out of Guinness but offered a substitute. A little time passed and no drinks. Our waiter came over with the apps and asked K if he wanted his beer now or when the food came. Huh? Finally our beers arrived. Next train wreck? They didn't bus the tables. We ate the apps (two was the perfect number for our group of five) but no one cleared our plates. Then, randomly, a server came by with a Scottish Egg. As you may have noticed, we didn't order it. He gave us a dirty look and walked away to other tables. Finally we realized that our waiter gave K a Scottish Egg AND a Scottish Ale. Our waiter and the server came by, insisting it was ours and we explained that no, he must have been confused but he pretty much forced us to take it. Fine. Can you bus our table and give us some water? No, I bit my tongue because I know better.While tasting the Scottish Egg the very pretty, English manager came over, apparently the job requirements include chatty, talking about how English things are and critiquing your bite to sauce ratio, what the job does not require is: immediately bussing or asking someone to bus the pile of plates we'd made because it we getting ridiculous. Come ON. I have watched enough Hell's Kitchen to deduce that were Gordon Ramsay to visit, EVERY SINGLE EMPLOYEE we dealt with yesterday would have been fired. Chatty English woman left, without taking our needing to be bussed dishes and we hung out at a little more. Things were slow and our beers were getting to the halfway point, someone in our party quipped that no one was getting a second beer because doing so would make us late for our 8:30 dinner reservation. The food came in three trips (for five plate this is silly) and there were some big gaps in the timing. We were't asked if we needed anything and as soon as our waiter walked away I noticed that we didn't have salt or pepper on the table. In some cultures, this is the norm. I've never been to a pub that didn't have s/p. I asked one of the hostesses who had nothing to do. She looked put out and then said she would try to get me some. I asked for pepper, not a bronze fork with seven tines. I waited. I waited some more. I peeked around to see if another table had any. Nope. Our waiter came by and I asked him, he said he would look. I waited some more and the hostess came back with salt. I asked, "Can I also get some pepper?" And she snapped at me, "We're OUT of pepper,". Okay, do you really mean to tell me that a restaurant is out of pepper? Has that ever happened in the history of the restaurant business? I didn't say anything and she said she would see in the kitchen. She never came back. I ate my burger because at this point it was getting silly for me to wait any longer, and our waiter came by to check on us. I asked about the pepper and he said they don't have it because it gets stuck in the dispenser. We interrupt this review to interject: 1. Not a word of this is exaggerated or made up 2. We were so nice to the staff it's mind blowing 3. You should avoid this restaurant at all coasts.We ate some more and finally someone noticed that we had bussed our own dishes and took them. The food was good, I will give them that. I was probably worth 3.5-4 stars for this type of venue. The service, however, was atrocious and embarrassing and for that reason we will never come back. This place needs to get its act together. Pronto.
1	Well it was my husbands birthday and to treat him to a nice dinner we decided on the newly opened Gordon Ramsay's Pub and Grill. I had made reservations for 8pm, but we arrived around 7:30pm. There was a bit of a back up at the hostess booth. They were having trouble deciding who to seat first and there wasn't really in order to it. A little bit chaotic if you ask me, especially for a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. The restaurant is definitely British themed, no doubt about that. There were a few TV's playing the various games, but other than the medium size bar and the wall of empty kegs, nothing screamed pub. Once we were seated, they gave us the Ipad which had the drinks menu on it. I was fine with water, but my husband ordered a 20 oz Innis and Gunn. His drink was brought over fairly quickly and we decided to order the appetizer, while we decided on our main course. We ordered the pork belly entree to share as a starter. After deciding what we wanted to eat, we placed our menu's down on the table. Our server  came by and took them away without asking or getting our order! I had to flag her down to ask her to bring them back so we could order our food. A few moments after we ordered our entrees, our pork belly arrived. I had noticed that every other table around us had received bread, so I asked if we could get some bread. She said she had put out order for the bread in. We were almost finished with the pork belly roll, with pea puree which was very tasty, when our bread arrived. Around this time the server came over to refill our water glasses, she touched the spout of the water pitcher (which looks like a clear wine bottle) to the rim of my cup. Lucky, she had not refilled my husbands water, so I switched and drank out of his. When she came over to refill 'his' glass, she again touched the rim. I was able to waive down a bus boy and get a straw. Our dinner arrived and I decided to focus on that. I had ordered the lamb, while my husband had ordered the mixed grill, which included, filet, pork belly and shrimp. I had ordered my lamb medium and I felt and that it was on the well side, and I also thought that it tasted burnt. It was charred after all, but my husband tasted it and said it tasted fine. My taste buds are extremely sensitiveness at the moment, so I decided to let it go. My husband was happy with his dish, but the side dishes that we ordered to share got mixed reviews. We ordered the carrots, two ways (roasted and pureed) and the mashed potatoes. Neither side dish was served with a spoon. Keep in mind these are family style dished. Luckily, we didn't mind sharing. So we had to use our forks to get the carrot puree and the mashed potatoes out of the dishes. I was by no means happy about this and than the server came over to refill my water for the third time she not only touched the rims of the glasses but also the straws. In addition every time the server came over to our table she bent down so her face was at my level. I did not like this, especially when she was at the table next to us. When she bent over to them, her butt was in our faces. Not very lady like and not very professional at all. I was pretty much fed up with her service at this point. I walked to the front and asked to speak with the manager. I ended up waiting at the front for at least 5 minutes while being repeatedly told that the manager was on her way. When she finally arrived, I informed her what was going on in regards to our water glasses, and said I didn't appreciate that at all. I also questioned the method of serving side dished without spoons and she said that side dishes were not served with spoons. She said that she would follow me back to the table and observe. I thought the least she would do is have someone bring us new water glasses.  After a few minutes of waiting and never receiving new glasses, the server came over to ask what we wanted for dessert. We turned down dessert and asked for the check. The check in case you were wondering was not discounted in any way and was close to $200. I have now been to "Steak" four time, and always rave about it to my friends. Everyone was waiting for my review on the Pub and Grill and I will not be raving about this to anyone. I was so disappointed. Yes, I understand it is a Pub and Grill, it is not Steak, but I think that a little professional can go a long way- especially considering the prices at just a 'pub!' Little things like touching my water glass and then the glasses next tables and back again, doesn't make me very happy. Also serving side dishes that need spoons, without spoons??? This restaurant has a long way to go.Not Impressed
4	Food was outstanding!  We had the soft pretzels, pub sliders and traditional fries. Loved all three. Amazing draft and bottled beer selection. The layout feels like a pub and the decor was fun. Plenty of TV's to catch a game. Service was good. Would totally grub here again!
3	This place fills up quick, so if you don't have a reservation either get here early or plan to wait - or both.  It's also very loud once you do get seated, having a conversation is nearly impossible.  Add to that the fact that I was sitting at a small table for two in an arm chair that belongs next to a fireplace putting the table at approximately the height of my armpits, it made for an uncomfortable dining experience logistically speaking.  Once I resigned myself to the fact that I could not fit in a booster seat and who has phone books to sit on anymore,  the food was really quite good.  I ordered the salmon which was cooked to perfection and my husband ordered the burger which was also very good.  The real star, however, was dessert.  We shared the pumpkin bread caramel layered thing (I cannot remember what it was called) and savored every last morsel.  Just don't order the cucumber vodka drink - it's not even worth remembering what it's called.  The Ramsay something-or-other.  That was $15 I'll never get back.
2	Some additional information on our disastrous service:The pepper debacle part II: Our waiter came by after I was told the restaurant ran out of pepper and I asked him if maybe I could get some pepper.  He disappeared and a while later I saw him and asked again.  He told me that the dispensers kept getting clogged and that's why they didn't give it to people.  Wait, so did you run out?  Or are the dispensers clogged?  If the dispensers are clogged I'd like to suggest the following... since they are essentially metal creamers with a hinged, unlatched top that has holes, just open, put some in a rammekin and bring some over.  At the end of our meal we had to ask for our check several times.  When it came we gave two credit cards (not uncommon) and asked the bill to be split 60/40.  Our waiter looked at us like he had no clue what that meant and then about ten minutes later came back and said, "So, if I put 91 on one and 71 on the other is that right?"  WHAT?!  This is a very basic math problem.  And, in case math is not your forte, you can use the POS computer or a calculator (or a PENCIL) to figure out that it's $64.80 and $97.20.  Now, we didn't need it to the penny but seriously?
2	I was here on 1/30/13. The wait time is about 45mins and we were seated once we returned on time. Our server is fantastic, very nice, recommended sliders, pork belly, and steak, so we go ahead ordered those. Now I clocked the time, we waited 30mins for food to come out, very slow. Our server keep checking on us and reassured us about our food which is very nice of her. When our food is served, nothing is really good. Sliders were dry, pork belly was decent but not great. Now the steak, that was way over cooked, seasoning is way too salty, to a point you can't even taste anything but saltiness. We ask our server to come take a look, she instantly apologize and told us she will speak to her boss to see if it can be take off the bill. and it was taken off the bill, which is about $40. We didn't ordered any replacement course cos we scare to wait another 30mins... At the end the whole dinning experience is a disappointment, that fact that food came out of Ramsay's kitchen is so sub par, here I will use his fav phase Dreadful!!! If wasn't for Ramsay's name..it will be a 1 star review, seriously!!
5	I ate here this last week and I really enjoyed it.  (*extended beer list at bottom)Beer selection was out of this world. So many unique cool things to try. Menu was very different from anywhere else in town. Decor is VERY VERY COOL! Very Modern British PUB!It seemed to me to be simply a very special place that is going to bud into an elite restaurant over this next year, being that it just opened. I've read some of the other reviews and find some of them quite funny. I don't know about you, but I don't go to a Gordon Ramsay restaurant for the Coke? Or the pepper for that matter. LOL. The hostesses Maria and Karen, were sweet, one took the info and the other pleasantly showed me to the bar. I ate the Beef Cheek and Short Rib Sandwich. Hands down the best sandwich I have ever eaten at a restaurant. So tender it melted in my mouth. Good flavors and sauces. It was obviously carefully created by a top chef. The fries were ginormous, but it was fun for a change. Even fry addicts like me enjoy a variation once in a while. The service was great. Gene took really good care of me. He got my order right away despite having a near full bar. Food came out very fast. Gene seemed sincerely interested in giving me a great experience and frequently checked back. To ask how I liked it. He was quick with the beers and had a smile the whole time. The bar did seem a bit messy through-out. Piles of napkins and crumbs and what not. But not a big turn off but would expect it to be cleaner. A manager did stop by (Eva.. Evie..Eve) to kindly check up to make sure everything was good. It was nice because I did not expect it sitting at the bar. I plan to come back frequently to this place. Seems like a good spot to hang out. Prices all seemed reasonable to me. I will gladly pay more for better product (duh!). Now good part. They have like 84 beers at this place. I will update it in the future. Here's what I recognized and remember from the beer list: Innis and GunnBlue MoonCoorslightMiller LitePyrmidStellaMagic 9Moa MethodBoddingtonsGuinnessStrong BowBassDelerious TremmensDuvelChimay (blue and Red)CoronaHenry WienhartsHeinikenHeiniken liteJohn Henry 3 Lik spikerBelhavenFuliDogfish head 90Ballast PointMeantime Coffee somethingChocolate Stout
1	Gordon Ramsey, you need to rescue your own restaurant!  I love to watch your TV shows so had high expectations. So disappointed!!!!!We made reservations for 7:30pm, arrived 20 minutes early so were shown to the bar. After waiting until 8:00 pm, and having to check with the hostess, we were finally seated at an empty table that we noticed was empty the whole time we were standing bar dodging the waiters/waitresses coming through with trays of drinks. As soon as we sat down, a waiter tried to deliver a yummy looking dessert, but we hadn't even ordered yet!Three of us ordered the fish and chips and the other ordered mixed grill. After about 45 minutes, two fish and chips and the mixed grill were served. We all sat there for another 15 minutes for the last poor guy to be served.  By the time all the food was served, everything was barely warm. The fish was only so-so, "the chips" (big fat fries) were very good, but not chips! The peas were good. On the mixed grill, the shrimp was tough, and the pork belly was fried so long it was hard.I think this restaurant is overpriced, but great service and great food are worth it. Unfortunately, Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill had neither.
2	Let's start with the good, since it won't take me long to cover that part. The decor is definitely attractive and will peak your curiosity. Looks like a trendy new spot to stop by and hang out by the bar, or give a go at authentic British cuisine. And we're done with the good. Now let's go into why I felt like I wasted a perfect meal-time (i hate it when that happens...) at Gordon Ramsay's new restaurant.I literally ate like a rabbit all day just to save my stomach for Gordon Ramsay's. I mean, it's GORDON RAMSAY. The chef who is so angry and critical all the time, that I feel like his restaurant HAS to be good. I was so hungry that any mediocre dish (even fast food) could probably satisfy me, but Gordon Ramsay's Pub & Grill wasn't even close. For someone who markets himself as being a perfectionist in the kitchen, it certainly does not seem he has met his own standards. I started with the Fried Oysters appetizer. The dish was presented with three oyster shells with two tiny fried bits in each. I literally felt like I was just eating batter. Wasn't much flavoring to it and wasn't anything special. I followed it with the fish and chips. It wasn't terrible, but I feel like I could've probably found the same level of satisfaction at Long John Silver's. I would honestly rather make a stop at Long John's than pay $26 for that plate again. My date ordered the Braised Pork Belly ($30) and looked like it would be promising, but again, it was rather bland. You can definitely find a much better prepared pork belly elsewhere. The most exciting part was probably the pretzels as the form of complimentary bread. It was offered with butter and a type of cheese-mustard. I've heard good things about the pudding dessert and that's probably the only thing that would ever weigh my consideration on returning.My bill ended up being $100, 1 appetizer, 2 main course dishes, and 1 glass of Hennesey. Sadly, I would've been much happier spending that $100 at the Bacchanal Buffet.
2	Was here in February. Interesting place. Staff was great. Beer list extensive and good. Food was good but I was put off by fish and chips at $28. Was not special but was good. Other pricing looked OK.Would I return..probably.
1	I wish I could give a more detailed review concerning the food but we couldn't even get pass the bad hostess in the front to get into the place...I'm a local vegas "foodie" and decided to try this place on a Monday night around 630pm figuring it shouldn't be too busy and when my gf and I looked around the restaurant was half empty including the tables in front by the bar...as soon as I asked the hostess if we could sit she said it would be a 45 min wait so when I asked if we could sit at the bar and wait she said that area was reserved also...so I stayed polite and gave her my name and number and sat in front by the slots and watched as she let others in...after twenty minutes of watching this we felt insulted and left the casino and ate at a local Thai place with way better service...and not surprisingly the hostess at Gordon who I gave my number to never called me the whole night...so I'm going to make it a point to not recommend this place to all my local foodie friends and make sure none of Gordon's restaurants get a penny from me ever..thanks Gordon Ramsey for the worst front service I've ever experienced here in vegas!
2	Was looking for a different spot to try out in Caesars before heading out for a show, and stumbled upon the pub.Despite being 50% empty at 5PM, we ended up being told we couldn't be seated until 8:45PM. Still, 2 minutes later via use of the opentable app, I had a reservation in hand for 6PM and killed an hour at the tables prior to getting seated in a half-empty house.Figuring we were at a british pub, I did the fish and chips w. mushy peas, and skipped a starter as we had an awesome lunch earlier and weren't super hungry.Despite the pleasant service from the Gary Busey lookalike waiter, the food arrived scalding hot, as we downed our first pints. The chips were undercooked and scaling hot (as my buddy got a side of chips that were a bit crisper with his dish).The fish was super-oily, and despite the newspaper themed dresses worn by the hostesses, it wasn't served over any sort of newspaper/newspaper style wax paper.The mushy peas were pretty good.As we were leaving after finishing dinner, the restaurant was still 1/3 empty. No idea what was up with their reservation system, as we were told we'd need to wait 3.5 hours for a table at 5PM, got a table via opentable at 6PM and were seated in a half-empty house, and when leaving at 6:45PM, left a restaurant that was 1/3 empty.Also, given the pricing (significantly higher than Aria's Todd English P.U.B.), and non-quality of the food, I'm not looking to return on my next venture to Vegas.
1	My sister and I had dinner here and I was so excited to experience Chef Ramsay menu. The pretzels were great but that is all I can say about the food. We ordered the beef check and I had a steak. The beef check was so salty and the veggies (2 slivers of potatoes & carrots). My steak had no flavor and was tough. The service was amazing and the manager did apologize for the quality of food.  I would have expected much more
5	I don't really know what's up with the 2 and 3 star reviews on here. I don't know if things changed from that last Yelp Elite event or something, cuz that was all 5 star reviews. What I DO know is that I couldn't be happier with the meal i just had!There are really clever design elements everywhere you look, from the hand-painted Keg wall to the 70s British punk uniforms for the staff, the distressed effect menus on wood boards, and the hand-hammered silverware that makes you want to buy a castle and tall-back velvet dining chairs just to put that silverware in it. So from an aesthetic standpoint, it does not disappoint at ALL.The first thing that jumped out at me were the handmade soft pretzels appetizer. I just had to have that. SO good. They're amazing and come on a tray with a spicy, horse-radishy melted cheese and pub mustard. We also shared an order of the craziest (and most delicious) deviled eggs I've ever had. Four egg white halves seasoned with a warm, sparkly vinaigrette, and a bowl of the yolk seasoned with mustard, bacon and herbs. I ordered Shepherd's pie, because it's one of Gordon's signature dishes, and because I have YET to have a decent Shepherd's pie in this country, though I keep trying. This was the best I've had anywhere. The stew was so rich and flavorful, and the mashed potatoes were perfect, with just the right amount of brown on the peaks. I really wanted Sticky Toffee pudding, but I am STILL way too full. Next time. There will most DEFINITELY be a next time.
1	I don't write too many reviews but figured I should take the time for this one. Burgers were ordered medium and medium rare and both burgers came out very well done. One of the 4 fries that came with it was frozen in the middle. We told the server about the burgers and fries and said he would take the burgers back but by this time we were so hungry we just ate them. After having to ask if something could be done because of the poor food preparation we received $10 off the bill. Save you money and skip this place if you're in Vegas and looking for a good meal.
4	went here late on a friday night. we were immediately seated and the staff was very kind and attentive. the decor is very eclectic, hip environment, and great people watching. we ordered caeser salad and fried oysters for appetizers, different beers off their very cool ipad drink list with pictures of each drink, and ate hands down the best shephard's pie I have ever tasted. the beef stew is delicious and there were soft mashed potatoes layered over the stew. great place for a date, for friends, everyone!
4	A true 3.5. We ordered the Rib Eye Steak, potatoes, and a caesar salad. The food here was really good. The salad dressing was delicious and the lettuce was hand picked. The bread basket is actually 3 mini pretzels, which were delicious and it was a nice change. The potatoes were topped with parmesan and complemented the steak quite well. The steaks were cooked as we had asked and were absolutely delicious. The thing i was not pleased with were the sauces that they have. Everything has a bitter funky taste to it. I am not sure if they are adding mustard or horseradish or what the deal is but when i have ketchup i want it to taste like ketchup. The prices don't really match the ambiance and the decor offered here. This place is more of a bar/grill rather than a steakhouse but you will pay steakhouse prices. It is a nice place to grab a dinner and a beer.
4	A lot of folks appear to have had a negative experience. We did not.  Food was very good.  Yes it was expensive..... this is Vegas.  Everything costs more here especially on the strip.  Add to that the fact it's a Gordon Ramsey establishment and the cost ticks up.  But what did you expect?  Vegas, The Strip, Gordon Ramsey, and a $6 burger? Everyone is entitled to his or her opinion based on their experience.  We had a great time and everything we ate was excellent.  Could there be a little Ramsey bashing going on?  Why, you ask, if it was so good did I only give it 4 stars?  Well our server was excellent but that was the last staff member that was.  The hostesses are in need of training.  We were promptly seated only to be told several minutes later that there was no server on duty of that table (despite tables all around us being handled).  So we were moved and damn if it didn't happen again!  The third seating was a charm, however.  Unfortunately, it wasn't handled well.  Their staffing issues should not be experienced by the customer especially when they had what appeared to be plenty of staff on hand.  And yes, for the amount of money we spent you expect better service.  However, the problem wasn't the food!  I've lived in Vegas for many years and watch restaurants come and go.  All experience some growing pains.  I sincerely hope that this one grows out of theirs.  We'll go back expecting the same great food, higher than average prices, but much better service.
5	Let me just start by saying that I do not understand the 1 and 2 star ratings. Perhaps there are some disillusioned expectations due to his status as a celebrity chef. Or maybe people are just pickier on the Strip ;)We went with one of the fixed menu options.Soup - Cream of Cauliflower. This was excellent. And I say that as some one who normally abhors cauliflower.  The curry oil was a wonderful, warm touch.Fish and Chips - The batter was delicious and the portion of fish was generous. More then enough food on the plate, I was pleasantly surprised. The chips were some of the best I have ever had. Fresh potatoes and the shaved cheese was super flavorfulShepherd's Pie - My husband ordered this but of course I had to sneak a bite. Smooth, creamy potatoes. The meat was tender and the vegetables still had a nice flavor to them that was not covered up by the broth from the meat. I am not normally a fan of lamb but this was pretty dang good!Dessert - Sticky Toffee Pudding. This was my first time trying sticky toffee pudding but I am now a converted fan. I wanted to take a bath in the sauce that was poured all over the cake and the sweet cream ice cream was fantastic.Peanut Butter & Jelly Cobbler - My husband picked this based on our server's recommendation (the sticky toffee pudding was her first recommendation but she said this was her second choice since we wanted to order different things). This was way different then any cobbler I have ever had. But it wasn't a bad thing! The crumble part tasted kind of like a crumbled up peanut butter cookie and the filling was reminiscent of black berry jam. The jam was not overly sweet so it wasn't overwhelming at all. We actually really liked it.The service was attentive and informative. Our drinks never got below half before someone came by to refill. I was nervous after seeing so many complaining reviews but again. After going to the restaurant I really have no idea what those reviews are talking about. I would certainly recommend this place to anyone who was visiting or simply wanted to try Gordon Ramsey's food without paying the steak house prices. We will be trying his Burgr restaurant next!
4	The food here is delicious, this is a newly opened pub located inside Cesar's palace. Priced a bit above average for a normal pub. So they loose a star for that. They were pretty busy the day i ate there, and I felt almost ignored at times by my waiter. I dont need many things, but refills come on. I dont have any thing else bad to say tho, def give it a try if you are around the area. Atmosphere is amazing, decorations are great looking and cutlery was amazing looking and well combined together with plates and glasses. Try the shepherd's pie its delicious!!
1	Unfortunately i have to leave one star but its not even worth that. I was excited to try this place , now I m excited  to leave and never come back . Took over an hour to get a burger which was way over cooked almost burned (did not ask for well well done) and tasteless along with mayo that tasted more like garlic than real mayo. If you looking to pay top dollars for food that has no taste this is the right place.
4	Something different from the pretentious* upscale restaurants in Caesars Palace.I was looking for a relaxed atmosphere to just unwind with a beer in casual attire and happened to walk by this place. There was so much I enjoyed about this place, but let me highlight the one thing that really irritated me about this establishment. The hostesses wear the most hideous dresses! So try not to mind the outfits, you may lose your appetite.Instead of the beer, I ordered the "Goodbye Blue Sky" - so sweet and refreshing and crisp! I also got the soft pretzels, which were how you'd expect soft pretzels to be, and a burger. The service and the drink really gave this place four stars - he constantly checked up on us and helped us charge it to our room in Paris when someone at the concierge made a mistake on the name of the room.The burger was really dry so minus .5 stars and the hostesses outfits were nauseating so minus another .5 stars. Other than those two things, I can't wait to go back!*Beijing Noodle No. 9 - c'mon really? Upscale noodles? No no, just upscale price.
2	Not bad but mediocre. Meat served in my burger was tasty but lukewarm and stuck to the bun. Chips (potatoes) were good and I liked the ketchup but this place didn't live up to all the hype. I appreciated my place setting and napkin more than I did my meal. Gordon Ramsey should spend more time working on his own menu instead of making an ass of himself on T.V. degrading other people.
4	This was one of my favorite spots we hit in Caesars on our last trip. It is situated in the Forum Casino right next to Caesar's food court, so it is on the way to the Forum Shops. The look and feel of the place is a hip, upscale pub.  There is a a big bar, tons of tables and then some booths too.  It is a really big space and it is lined with lots of big TVs if you want to watch a game (they had soccer on while we were there).  All the waitresses are in newsprint and safety pin dresses and the waiters are in skinny black jeans and spiked suspenders.  It is modern hip punk....whatever!  I liked it all, it worked.  We basically ordered burgers and beer.  Their drinks menu is on an ipad that they bring over and let you flip through so you can see pretty pictures of whatever you want to order.  Drinks are Vegas prices (so high).  Our Sam Adams was like $9.  The burgers came out and they were thick and well cooked.  The fries that come with it, as many have commented, are different.  They are a very, very think cut steak fry.  It is almost like they quarter a potato and deep fry it (to give you a visual on how thick they were).  I loved both my burger and my fries.  The burger had great flavor & it was juicy. The fries were fully cooked and had a bit of crust, but were a little more mushy in the middle.  They had a great flavor though and I loved the different take on a classic.  Our server was terrific and he let us linger.  It was a good experience.  It was Vegas pricey, but we were in the resort so you just kind of expect that!
5	Loved the look and feel of this place, from the racks and stacks of beer kegs to the waitresses wearing what looked like newspaper dresses. The food here was really excellent. I got the burger, which was a thick piece of meat and it was cooked well done just the way I like it. Service here was one of the better ones I've had on the Strip. I know some people are weirded out by the fries, but I loved them. They're cut and shaped like large potato wedges. There were 4 to the plate and it honestly looked like a potato quartered and cooked. Yum!I'd come back here in a heartbeat.
4	I'm a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay but I do have to say the food was "OK."  What impressed me was much more than the food...the decor, the drink menu, the waiter/waitresses outfits.  The service was extremely slow however we did not have to wait for a table on a Saturday during lunch time in February.  (I think the waiter had tables scattered all over the place and not in one vicinity).  The food was a little pricey but I loved the display of the food, originality, and atmosphere.  From my experience, almost everything in Vegas is pricey (even more than NYC) unless you grab a burger from McDonalds.   The drink and dessert menu was on an Ipad and gave you descriptions of the drink cocktails.  I got a drink that I can't remember the name but it had Guinness Cream, Boddingtons Ale, Jack Daniels Honey and something else...but all I know it was fantastic and I never drink Jack Daniels anything!  The cocktails were $15 each.  My bf got corned beef in a bread bowl that actually looked good (I never eat corn beef). I got the hamburger which was $19, with bacon would have been $23. All the french fries are 4 huge pieces of potato with a garlic seasoning that come with the meals.  I was told Ramsay had checked in the day before with the restaurant and I saw the head chef walking around.  PLENTY of seats, right in the middle of Caesar's.  It's definitely worth checking out and having a more casual meal than a fancy one in LV.P.S. Huge Beer Menu as well!
4	The restaurants vibe is very relaxed yet has a high end feel. The decorations are very tasteful and inline with a pub that specializes in micro brews. The waitresses are very friendly and the uniforms are sexy, the hiring criteria is very specific. Waiters are friendly offering their favorites along with an I-Pad for your use to research beers and items on the menu. I had the beef cheek and short rib sandwich. It was cooked nicely with high quality bread and ingredients. I like the fact that you can order a $100 steak or a $20 sandwich! The other nice part is you can have the Ramsey experience dressed casually... a great break from the tables and slot machines.
5	Wow! Don't give many 5 stars, but couldn't find anything wrong with this place. My brother and I were walking by on a Saturday night @ 8pm and grabbed a table for two in the dining room. Our server presented the ipad with their brew selection. When he returned we ordered our food and asked him to pick the best beers for our entrees. He hit it perfectly. I had the fish and chips with the same beer that is used for the batter, my bro had beef cheeks with some other beer. We had the poutine for an app. Amazeballs!! Great service! Great food! Don't know how authentic of an english pub it is, but I don't care. I'll be back.
3	I am a huge fan of GR food shows and feel, if Pub & Grill were on Kitchen Nightmares, there would be some needed changes.   Perhaps he is just collecting the check and isn't as close to how the restaurant is being run?While it wasn't a nightmare dining experience, it was disappointing because I know the hell GR puts other restaurants through.Misses:  French soup was not a soup but an onion stew.  Way overdone on the onions and the bread was burnt on the edges.Shepherd's Pie had greasy gravy instead of a well-developed flavorful, thick gravy.  The service was fast on delivering the food and drinks but slow on clearing plates, not getting the right entree in front of the right person (that has to be an expected from GR!?) and checking back in, not bringing malt vinegar automatically for fish & chips nor a lime for a vodka and tonic.Hits:  Atmosphere was fun, if a little loud.Mini Burger Sliders were small but tasty.Mashed potatoes on top of the shepherd's pie - so smooth and well executed.Fish for the fish and chips.  Pretty close to the real thing!Fairly varied drink/beer list.Expect the typical LV jacked up prices.  It would have almost been worth it if all had been executed in true GR fashion.
2	This place was OK, nothing more. The service was fine and the pricing of the beers wasn't terrible in comparison to other places in Vegas but we paid $55 including tip for 2 bowls of soup and 2 pints of beer. My draft beer also tasted like cardboard. The soup was OK but totally not what I was expecting. My fault for not checking first but the description could use some editing. The free bread came out after we had finished our soups, which made no sense. Oh well, you live and you learn.
3	Came here for a quick bite to eat. We shared the Cesear salad, which was good, but drenched in dressing. We also got the sliders, which were good, but a little dry. They have  a decent beer selection, good service (even though the waitresses had some funky outfits), and a nice atmosphere. The food is average and a little on the heavy side, but not bad for a quick bite. If you have a TR card, you get a couple bucks off.
3	A big let down for me.  I ordered the burger with bacon.  The only thing good on that was the bacon.  Very little fat and crispy.  The burger was tasteless.  No spices at all.  Just meat flavoring.  Like buying some ground beef at the store.  Form it into a patty and cook it.  BLAHI thought the drinks might be better but also a disappointment.  I ordered a COKE and got a flat Pepsi.Where is the Gordon Ramsay standard?  Really wanted to slam my plate on the floor and say F&$# it!  At least the food wasn't RAW!The fries that came with the burger are giants size and thick.  But why do I only get 3 sticks?
2	It took an hour and a half to get served our entree.  The waiter blamed it on the kitchen getting backed up.  The Cesear's salad had way too much dressing on it and it was soggy.  Must have been sitting in the window for awhile.  The lamb steak just didn't do it for me.  The pistachio and cheese encrusting over-powered the flavor of the lamb.  Not a good combo.The bread service was very good.  The best part of the entire meal.
4	Had a great time in here. Good build-out, weird outfits on the staff (especially the hostesses). My husband loved the sliders and the truffle Mac & Cheese was good - I'd strengthen the truffle flavor a little and lighten it up (couldn't finish it). Specialty cocktails were outstanding!Service was good - think they are still working out the kinks.
5	I agree with the other reviews about the staff and what they are wearing. They look very uncomfortable walking around in their outfits.  The staff seated us write away and we got a nice little area in the back so we can watch the crowd.  The waiter made some recommendations for beers and he was right on.  We ordered just a small quick lunch and I had the mussels and clams and the wife had the salad.  They were both outstanding.  Then the staff came by and asked we wanted dessert and made yet another recommendation and this time was even better than the beer.  The dessert was a toffee cake and it was splendid and I will eat it every time I am in Las Vegas.  I hope they do not change anything about this place, well maybe the girls outfits.
2	I was very dissapointed with my visit to Gordon Ramsay's Pub and Grill. The food was just not that great and very over priced. We shared the fish and chips - which was $30... and got three small/thin pieces of fish and just a few chips. Nothing special about these at all. Especially for $30. We also tried to order the pub pretzels and told we couldn't order them until 12:30 (place opened at 11/this was about 11:45) because they make them fresh every day. ?!?! So they don't make food to serve when the place opens? Then.. not ten minutes later (not noon yet)saw an order arrive at another table. We did get the "deviled eggs" which were pretty good and had a drink, which was good as well. Overall, not what I expected. Won't return.
3	Tried it out this past weekend with a few friends. The feel is sorta between a bar and a restaurant(duh hence the name), little dark, open air. Located inside Caesars Palace where Bradley Ogden used to be. As expected for such a spot, prices are a bit on the higher side, and like all other Caesar properties, slightly discounted(read as $1-2) prices for their Total Rewards cardholders. Had the shepherds pie. Very good. Our server seemed a bit slow. Took him awhile to greet us, refill waters etc. He brought out the complementary bread when we were in the middle of the meal. He did apologize about that. I heard good things about their desserts but didn't try any this visit, maybe next time. Woulda gave it 4 stars but the service wasn't grade A. If the prices don't give you sticker shock and youre in Caesars Palace, it wouldnt be a bad place to try.
3	After a long car ride my bf and I came here for a late night bite to eat. I am a huge fan of Gorden Ramsey food shows and I was excited to try his restaurant. So I came here with high expectations. The environment is great and I loved the feel of this place. The hostesses and waiters were all dressed in new paper costumes. Food First thing that came out was the hand made soft pretzel. The presentation was great  and it was good. I am not a big fan of pretzels but it was quite good. It came with a tray of spicy horse radish melted cheese and pub mustard or was it some sort of butter. Pork Belly: This was surprisingly pretty good. The flavor was delicious it had a fatty, crispy, and just enough salty flavor. I recommend this dish for those who are not afraid of a fatty dish. I ordered the Beef Cheek Stew. The meat was very tender and it melted nicely as it was in my salivating mouth. It was a bit on the salty side and it came with only four pieces of potato fries. I wish there was a little more starch in here to help balance the saltness. Sticky Toffee Pudding: I read yelp reviews about this dessert and I am so glad that I ordered it because it was food orgasm in my mouth. It was a warm ooey gooeyyy toffee pudding with a scoop of vanilla ice cream YUMMAY. Highly recommend this. I would just come here just to eat this dessert again. Our server seemed to be tired or ready to clock out. He was not very attentive and did not really describe how to use the ipad to order drinks. Lucky, being computer  savvy we were able to figure it out. I also ordered their whiskey sour. It was eh okay. Overall, the experience was nice but I guess I expected more because it was THE Gorden Ramsey. At least the place is clean, food was not over or under cooked, and the environment was great.
2	I doubt Ramsay has much to do with this place, other than collecting a check to use his name. I had cauliflower soup for an app, it was excellent. My wife had sliders and they were nothing special, but not bad. The shepherds pie my wife had for a main course was fantastic.I had fish and chips for my main. The fish was cooked well, but was a little bland. The chips were awful undercooked oversized potato wedges. They didn't even taste fried, I think they were baked, and the center was still crunchy. They screwed up the second half of this classic pub dish, that's not acceptable. My real problem was the service. We sat for around twenty minutes with dirty plates on the table before anyone came by. Our waitress was M.I.A. and the rest of the wait staff was too busy standing around chit chatting to clean off the table, refill our drinks, see if we wanted anything, etc. The iPad with the drink list was also a little ridiculous. Stop with the stupid trendy crap, this is supposed to be a pub.
4	First the Hostess are not very kind and are really rude. It was 10:15pm the hostess said it was last call in 15 minutes. Hmm ok. We still were seated in the Restaurant. However they were still serving for another hour. Get your facts together..... I believe our Server was Elise. She was amazing. We saw they had mac and cheese on the menu up front however it was not on the menu we were given. So we asked and were brought the pub menu as well. We both ordered beers they were great.  We then ordered out Mac and Cheese and were going to share the truffle chips (fries). Our Mac and Cheese came out before our appetizer.  We asked about it and then just told them never mind. The Mac and Cheese was Damn  good.  They ended up bringing the truffle fries. They were very good, however the dipping sauces were not very good. Back to the Service. OMG Elise she was great. She was joking with us and made our dinner out a wonderful experience. She made a real connection with us. Would recommend her to anyone...However the main menu was a little over priced from what i saw the portions to be. Take a look at what you are serving and make some adjustments. Will go back again....
2	Egads this place is a hot mess. The service was atrocious. We waited an hour for the spouse's food and when we asked what the problem was the waiter said he had no clue and the kitchen must have screwed up the order but he'll put it in again as a "rush". No offer to comp the delayed food or even spring for a beer. We cancelled his food asked for the bill and then the douche had the nerve to charge us for the food that never arrived. Oops he said - my bad.  Very disappointed because I love Gordon Ramsay and wanted to love his restaurant.
5	Service was wonderful ! We ordered beef cheeks stew which literally melts in your mouth and my husband has fish n chips flaky crispy batter with the delicious peas. We really enjoy the beet selection of my favorite beers was the Fullers ESB it's English and went perfectly with my meal. We were one very happy couple and will be returning soon .
3	Gordon Ramsay is one of my favorite people ever!!!! So i hate to do this but we were seated right away we put in our drink order ordered our food and we actually got our food before our drinks. When i did get my drink it was horrible i had to send it back and the waitress explained they had new people she brought me another and it was pretty good. The food was a-ok my burger was cooked perfect kinda bland not the pop i was expecting! so all-in-all everything was ok but for $70+$20tip=$90 for two burgers four big french fries and two drinks i shouldve gone to lbs sorry Gordon But i cant wait to try his other resturants Oh and great job on uniforms they are hot!
5	This is a great place for friends and family! I wish I could afford to come here more often! Great stuff and food!If you're there, pay attention, Gordon might be in the room and you might miss him!
2	OMG the napkins... They are so awesome. They look like they were cut from a burlap sack, but they feel like silky heaven. Quite possibly the perfect napkin.Unfortunately, that was the best part.I went to grab a burger and a beer, something I thought that the "Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill" was perfect for, right? I imagined the chef screaming and belittling his staff until the perfect burger was created. So did the guy next to me.Both my burger and my new bar neighbor's patties were grossly overcooked. We both asked for mid-rare and received a grey patty that made my heart sink when I saw it.Here's the rub, and I don't mean delicious BBQ seasoning... it took 30 minutes to arrive and it was $20.  Ok, ok, so it's The Vegas Strip, that can explain the exorbitant price, but 30 minutes for an overcooked, boring, bland and disappointing burger doesn't fly in my world no matter the location. Save yourself the $20, seriously, Wendy's burgers are better than these.
4	I will review this place in the order in which we experienced it:First we arrived at the establishment to be greeted by the unfriendly hostess who had a nasty little attitude. She asked us what our last name was, in which my fiance replied: "I will just tell you my first name, because my last name is very long, and hard to pronounce." So he told her his first name, and she preceded to still ask for his last name. My fiance repeated his reason for not giving it to her, to which she replied with a roll of the eyes and a "Well, it's a 45 minute wait." I think she misunderstood the favor that we were doing her by not having to go through the trouble of spelling, and pronouncing our last name; which she would have butchered if left to her. After that, we went to the bar. I am not a fan at sitting at the bar, but the bartenders were very animated and friendly. They served us our drinks and food quickly. The bartenders were also very helpful on helping us make selections. We ordered (I don't remember the exact names) the pub sliders, pretzel sticks, and the fish and chips. Me and my fiance share food a lot, and it is a wise idea to do that here,because the portions are large. I thought that the food was presented beautifully, and that it tasted good. The pub sliders were juicy and came with a side of garlic mayo, loved it. The pretzel sticks came with a side of spicy mustard (VERY SPICY AND AWESOME), and the fish and chips were tasty and not too greasy. While we were eating at the bar and enjoying ourselves, we noticed the beauty queen hostesses up front flipping their hair and snapping their gum. We also noticed a ton of empty tables in the establishment. Clearly, doing their job is so exasperating for them. Gosh, they should take a break. I would come here again, and I would recommend it to a friend. I took off a star because of the rude introduction we got from the hostesses. Ramsay above all people should know that first impressions mean a lot, and that those ladies up front gave us, and from what I'm reading most people, a bad taste in their mouth.
5	Had the salmon served on braised cabbage flavored with bacon.  It was fabulous!  Had to go back and have it again before I left Las Vegas.
4	Went on opening night dec 18, 2012. It was certainly an event! The food was excellent. I recommend the short rib and cheek sandwich. Get the draft sampler, it's a good deal for a casino restaurant giving you eight 5 oz pours of any drafts available for $15. Also got to see Guy Fieri and Iron Chef Morimoto enjoying the opening night. the service staff was very nice each greeting us with a handshake and welcoming us to opening night. We will be back next time we're visiting vegas.
5	Why does your food have to be so good, Gordo?The mini sliders with the applewood smoked bacon, welsh cheddar and garlic aioli were amah-zing!
5	Like all other Gordon Ramsay restaurants this place is sure to impress. Every detail is carefully engineered down to the outfits that the bus boys wear. The food is amazing and all of the staff is well educated about it and the amazing wine/beer list. The vibe is upscale/energetic and fun with a british twist. Loved it!
1	Ok where do i start...when we arrived we were told 25 min wait w/ several tables open. Once we were about to leave mysteriously one or 10 opened up. The food took 45 min to come and all we had was mac n cheese and a burger after we asked our waiter. The drink took 10 min to come and didn't look like the photo shown. The cauliflower soup was nothing more than the flavor out of a campbells can...the water was not refilled and when asking the waiter of the black things on my mac that tasted like black olives he said they were truffles and i told him they did not look like the truffles that i had the night before at Gordon Ramsay's steak- phenomenal by the way and all he said was there are different ones but knew nothing about them then asked if i wanted something different....NOT WORTH the MONEY...go to Ramsay's steak much better. Oh the menu outside the resturaunt had mac n cheese and burgers where the one inside didn't so we had to ask for them separately.
4	Nice,  food was good but not amazing.  Atmosphere was great and service was average.  Yelp map was wrong on location.
1	We had just gotten to Vegas and decided to try this place out for a quick dinner before heading back to our hotel. Little did we know this meal would take almost 2 hours due to painfully slow service.Our waitress informed us that they were out of fish & chips...this is supposed to be an "English" pub and you're out of fish & chips...ok. I had the Caesar salad for an appetizer which was drenched in dressing. For my meal, I had the pork belly roll. I had high hopes since I love pork belly, but this had more fat than actual pork. It was also so salty that I could feel my fingers swelling as I ate it. Others ordered the scallops which were terrible, as well as the shepards pie, which was dry and had no vegetables in it. The best part of the meal was the sticky toffee pudding. Overall, this place sucked. I am appalled that Gordon Ramsey yells at and denigrates people on television for their cooking skills while his own restaurant is sub-par with terrible service. I am not a fan of Gordon Ramsey. Perhaps he should take a break from acting holier than thou on TV and pay attention to his shitty restaurant.
4	While waiting for the Celine show we were lucky to grab a spot at the bar. Our bartender, Keith, was very friendly, telling us the pub had only been open for 3 months. I guess the uniforms were supposed to be disco 80's, but I felt sorry for the girls. Our food service was prompt. I expect pub food to be fattening and it was delicious as well. I had the sliders and my husband had a ham and cheese sandwich.  I hope Ramsey keeps his eye on this place to keep it up to par. I've read several poor reviews that I think would get his ire up! Maybe better training of the staff? Our experience was great.
5	I don't understand the terrible reviews, it's a pub-and a great one at that! I think people are forgetting what it is-it's not fine dining, it's casual. The atmosphere is fun, and hip and is reflected in the menu. The fish and chips were excellent.Bottom line: I thought their beer selection was the best I've seen in Vegas, the fish and chips were excellent and the atmosphere enhanced my experience.
5	I had checked out of the hotel and had a bit of time before I had to head to the airport so I was thinking of grabbing a quick bite for lunch. There is a food court in Caesars that has what you would find at most mall food courts with a higher price.Seeing as I had done pretty well during my stay I decided instead to try something more substantial. SO I selected the Pub and Grill. I was more than pleased with my selection. Being a big fan of a the traditional Reuben Sandwich I jumped at the bartenders recommendation of the Dubliner.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-pub-and-grill-las-vegas?select=L6eTYEfU4s3hE-3XWe7mEA#jT7C1Zt9bL1IOQBYg6bN9AThey basically chop the well seasoned corned beef into small bite sized cubes and layer them with the sauerkraut and the cheese inside an awesome toasty bread bowl. HOLY CRAP, it was delicious. It was paired with a delicious thousand island dressing and some "Chips" that were out of this world. I will admit that by Vegas Haute Cuisine standards this lunch was fairly pedestrian but it gets a five from me for creativity, taste, preparation, and out standing service. A special shout out to Bartender/ server Ray Ray, Dude your recommendation rocked.
1	What a disaster. We came with a large party. They knew we were coming. 2.5 hours later and we just got the salad. We were here for 4 hours before dinner was complete. Manager is clueless. They scheduled 2 servers for a party of 40.
2	I came here with high expectations, as this is a Gordon Ramsey restaurant and he seems to talk a big game on those shows especially on Hell's Kitchen. I ordered a soup to start then has the fish and chips, the fish was not bad , but may be I am just used to crispy fries "chips" that I really did not like the soggy taste of the chips. For a main course I decided to get the t-bone lamb, why not right?!  Well I got it done medium, as I remember Gordon Ramsey going off one time on Hell's Kitchen about it being better, for him may be. Medium done must mean something different in The UK then it does here as it was not really eatable in my opinion. The meat was really raw in the centre, I could not eat it! I really expected so mush more, I thought I would be wowed, I that it was going to be an over the top dinning experience. May be its m fault I came here expecting fire works and I got sparkles at best. The chef my be a celebrity but the food is defiantly not! Gordon Ramsey's restaurant is really not different than any other, I'm going to eat at the Buffet in my hotel tonight - it's really all the same!
5	I was so excited to finally eat at GR restaurant, 3 are open in Vegas but I wanted something low key, Pub and Grill is just that! The food was amazing we had sliders and something I can't pronounce a steak and fish and chips. I found the fish a little salty but very good, we had the pudding cake and it was incredible. I agree with others that the hostess were full of themselves but the server was more then helpful. I can not wait to eat there again!
3	Neat atmosphere, think they are still working out some of the new restaurant kinks. Service was not so great but she had a great attitude. Seemed like she was a little overwhelmed. I requested a birthday desert to be brought without having to ask...said to just add to the bill. The server said "So, we are celebrating a birthday?" Then never brought desert! Ugh! She had to circle back again and again to double and triple check what was ordered. We had to chase our drinks! Never brought one beer then she brought it and another server brought one (not as sweet as it sounds...all got added to the bill LOL!) But she did smile the whole time. Frustrating but still fun. Believe it or not, we would go back! Burger was da bomb! The fries were totally unique..."I only had 4 fries" but they were 4 fries on steroids...more than enough! LOL Perfect light crisp outside and soft hot potato inside, served with seemed like a ketchup / horse radish side...WHY is there NO menu anywhere online? Oh we started with the pretzels breadsticks with a ground mustard sauce and a cheese sauce...yuh to the um!
3	I came here with friends on St. Paddy's day. We all happened to be a little hung over from the night before...and weren't in the mood to do a lot of walking looking for something to eat. I'm glad we ate here...because I have never experienced a Gordon Ramsey restaurant and I wanted to get an idea.The pro's? The food was AMAZING! Everything we ordered was fantastic. My friend and I had the Fish & Chips, which was really good. I went to College in London for four years, and never had Fish & Chips as awesome as this! My other friends had a pasta dish and a flat iron steak which they also repeatedly commented on how good their meal was. The Con's? The service was SLOW! We actually got to that point where we asked the server what was taking so long? The only other complain? The price was high...as to be expected I guess...but I've never been one of those guys that thinks a Flat Iron Steak should cost 30 bucks! Especially when it's literally just the steak...no other side. It was a nice time...but I don't think I would go back unless I really wanted to...which I don't as of now.
4	Great bartender -Raul- amazing Moscow mule. Got the short rib and braided cheek sandwich. It was melt in your mouth good. Only down side was long wait for sandwich.  I'd recommend going here.  It's pretty relaxed, great selections.  Everyone seemed to love their food.  Hamburgers were flying off the shelf - but If I am going to have something of Ramsey's I'm not going to get a burger.
2	Having stayed at The London in NYC and dined both at Gordon Ramsay--which was excellent and at Maize--which was also very good, I was very disappointed with the Gordon Ramsay Pub and Grill. From the start, the girl acting as Maitre D could not find the reservation that I had made with her personally the day before. There were a group of female employees--hostesses--I think who spent more time chatting g with each other than assisting guests. Very tasteless.  The food was mediocre at best. The Caesar salad was atrocious. My colleague had the flat iron steak which was tough, fatty and "the worst steak he's ever had". I had the shepards pie, which Mr Ramsay has featured on many a special. It was good, but the presentation was mediocre...a crock of Shepard's pie that looks like someone took a crap in a bowel and served it. I had a side salad of weeds, with a tasteless vinaigrette and a few slices of apple. Hardly appealing. I would rate this dining experience 1.5 out of 5 at best. Chef, I am truly disappointed. Perhaps your Hell's Kitchen winner will liven up a rather lousy dining experience.
1	We had some time to kill before the show and decided to walk to the pub from ceasers for a drink. When we arrived there, we approached the young lady at the front and said that we didn't have time to eat but wanted to sit in the bar section and have a drink. She asked if we had a reservation !?! A reservation for a drink in a pub ? WTH - it this- has GR lost his mind ? Good luck.
5	Great food, great atmosphere all around 5 stars. The short rib and beef cheek sandwich was out of this world. Definitely leave room for the sticky bun desert.
4	We went to Gordon Ramsay's Steakhouse on a previos trip to Vegas and loved it so we had to try this place.  Place was very busy even for lunch on a Friday so I recommend using the OpenTable resevation on this place even if it is only an hour ahead of arrival.  Everyone else had to wait at least 30 mins, but we were seated immedately.  I had the Short Rib and Cheek Sandwich which was good but seemed like it needed a little something extra so I added the mustard.  The mustard is very good but be careful the stuff is SPICY.  My wife really liked the Fish and Chips and we loved the Sticky Toffee Pudding.
2	Meh, not impressed. They where having a corporate event so I had to sit at the bar. No biggie. I ordered a Boddington's and the Shepard's pie. Pie was too salty you could hardly taste the meat. The beer tastes a bit off too. Not how I remember it. The staff are. Decked out in this late 70's punkish type garb. Kinda weird but what ever floats Gordon's boat I guess. Bottom line with what 3 Michelin stars after his name I would have expected more.  I also expected a little larger English beer selection. But oh well. I won't go out of my way to come back but if I am at Caesar's again. I'll give it another go.
4	I went here last month for a Valentine's dinner with my husband. The ambience is very british. The service was great. We had to ask for a table in front of a TV so that we can watch a basketball game while we eat dinner. They were very cooperative and sat us after about 10 minute wait which we didn't mind at all. Their bread selection was very good but their french onion soup was very very salty. I understand they are supposed to be served a bit salty, but wow. it was really salty. I enjoyed my fish and chips while my husband drooled over his beef stew. The beef stew is really soft and it'll literally melt in your mouth. Bread pudding is good but it was a flavor I expected. But overall, we enjoyed our dinner. They have great beer selection. Decent price level for it being a restaurant inside a strip hotel.
2	As a big fan of Mr. Ramsay I have rather high expectations which honestly I learned from him.My wife and I ordered Sheppard's pie, the mixed skillet with two beers and two cocktails coming to $150 including the tip.Sheppard's pie:  You had to do some deep core mining to get past the                           mashed potatoes and get to the goodies.Shrimp Cocktail:  The shrimp were really high quality but the were put                            into some sort of bland white sauce which reminded                             me of mayonnaise.Mixed Skillet:       The beef had a real good flavor, the pork was a bland                            piece of meat occupying valuable space on the plate,                             the prawns were good.Service:               Ordinary.The experience overall was lackluster so on the following night we returned to "Steak" for our third time and had Mr. Ramsay's five coursesignature dinner which was expensive but the food was amazing alongwith the service.I am sure Mr. Ramsay will have the short comings at the Pub and Grillsorted out in short order.
5	Being in the restaurant industry at Caesars Palace, new restaurants have become common as of late, but Gordon Ramsey's newest endeavor has proven to be a gem among the rest. The environment was highly inviting and comfortable, a very beautiful modern restaurant with a British flair, not only in the decor but in the menu as well. The staff executed every stage of service flawlessly, with full knowledge of menus items and beverages. The iPad presentation of beverages and deserts added an extra interactive touch to service. The appetizers, bread service, beverages and entrees arrived with impeccable timing and were some of the most beautiful dishes I have seen. The overall experience was nothing short of what you'd expect from Chef Ramsey!
4	This place was very yummy! I was excited to come here because I have been to the other two Gordan Ramsay restaurants in Vegas and wanted to dine at this one as well. I met to co-workers there and it was a nice place to sit and chat since we hadn't seen each other in a while. I loved our waiter. He was really nice and made recommendations for us when I asked. It did take a while to have the food come out but since we were talking a lot we didn't mind.I started dinner off with a cocktail. I had the spiced cider which was amazinggg. If you like any kind of ciders or if apples are your favorite fruit get this drink. It was very tasty. I also loved that they brought out pretzels and bread as a free appetizer. They give you a roll and three different kinds of pretzels along with a horse radish cheese dip and butter. Amazing and a great touch to the start of the meal. I got the Beef Cheek stew because our waiter said that if you wanted to try something different to eat that. I really enjoyed it. The beef was so so tender, maybe just a bit on the salty side. I was surprised because it wasn't so much of a stew as it was just beef with potatoes and veggies. I still enjoyed it though-I love when my beef is tender. We also got a side of the Yukon potatoes. They were great and went really well with the beef. I would get these as a side again. Then for dessert we had the chocolate dessert. I forget what its called but it has three different kinds of chocolate mousse in between chocolate cake and topped with whipped cream and chocolate caiver. It's served in a mason jar which I thought was cute. It was Delicious! And my favorite part of the meal (of course). I would get this again.I really liked this restaurant and would go here again. The next time I plan on getting the mini sliders because I noticed a ton of people got them and they looked amazing! I also want to try the French Onion Soup. Excited to go back soon! :)
4	Since I love his shows and became a fan, you got to try the food to see what all the hype is about! I already had his burgers, so next was some pub food. The prices are high.. first thing you notice. I got a Shepherd's pie just because it was the least expensive on the menu. ($23)I had spent a lot of money throughout the night, I didn't want to over spend here too. The servers outfits were soo cool. I loved the chains and pants. They had a rock star look to them. My server was attentive. I was just finishing up my water, when she stood by waiting until I put it down on the table and right away filled it up! lol. She was not leaving my glass empty. My food was fast and hot. It looks small but once you start digging in, you notice it's more than it looks. It was really good. The meat was juicy and the potatoes had just the right amount of flavor. I was pleased with my dinner. So for my Pie and tip came to $29 bucks.
3	I wanted to come here because I am a fan of Hell's Kitchen. This is the place where the current season winner will be cooking. Of course we don't know the winner yet. I tried to ask the bartenders and they don't know either. Came here on a Friday night. It seemed pretty busy. Not a huge wait though. We walked up to the bar and got a seat. I preferred the bar because there were TVs and I like to socialize with the bartenders. However these bartenders were not very friendly. They seemed cold and was all business. We asked to change a channel on a TV to watch one of the March Madness games since there were at least 2 other TVs that were showing the same game. Not sure if they heard us or not, but no response. Finally after asking several times, one of the bartenders said that they had to ask the manager if they can change the channel. However, no urgency to go ask the manager. He just stood there doing something with the register. O-Kay... As the night progressed, the bartenders got a little bit more socialable. They recommended the poutine with duck. It was A-Mazing! We had few Magic Hat beers which was a perfect match the to poutine. Overall, the service needs a bit more help. The restaurant is great for any sports enthusiast. Lots of TV and some tables had their own TVs! I only had the duck poutine but was ridiculous good!
5	Loved it so much the last time I went back again.  Had the filet mixed grill wth jumbo cooked shrimp, pork belly (phenomenal) and filet cooked medium rare to perfection.  Absolutely splendid!  Tried the Cauliflower soup with curry oil but was a bit bland for my taste.  Black truffle fingerling potatoes were absolutely delicious.  Crispy on the outside tender in.  Loved the potted tripple chocolate trifle for dessert.  Will go back for lunch tommorow and try the fish and chips.
1	ATTENTION: This restaurant is a Caesars Palace property. It is NOT owned by Gordon Ramsay. Do not expect better quality than you would from the food court or handful of other Caesar owned food spots within Caesars Palace. Gordon Ramsay's influence ended at accepting a check to put his name above the door. My friend and I didn't believe the restaurant  could be as bad as the reviews claimed. It was worse.The fish and chips were revolting. I said to my friend, at least the bad reviews usually say the mushy peas are good. FALSE. I managed 2-3 bites of each, as did my friend, before sending it back. The waitress acted like she was doing me a favor by comping it, which was also contingent upon her taking the plates right then. Pretty insulting.The staff was incompetent and rude. They wandered around clueless of what they should be doing. They would form large packs then break apart and begin wandering again, only to reform the pack in another area.The sound from the sub woofer which was conveniently located 5 FEET behind my friends chair was an added bonus. We asked that it be turned down. The manager had the waitress tell us "No". For the record my friend and I are guys, we were there to eat, drink and watch the games. When I say the sound was to loud, I'm saying we had to lean in and almost yell to converse. To add insult to injury my St. Bernadus 12 was served with a plastic cup.This was par for my overall experience with Caesars. Pathetic.
1	After visiting this weekend the wife and I decided to check it out. Based on all the hype from hells kitchen we had expectations that this was a quality place. It was a disapointment Was not to the standards that Gordan Ramsey would have.Service: Horrible, after being seated it took long time before our drink orders were taken. Ordering water was a choir and we didnt even get it the way we asked which was how the waiter offered it. The bus or water people had this pissed off look like they did not want to be there. I ordered a bottle beer and it took half an hour before i got it Mind you it was not that busy It looked disorganized and it seemed like the staff really didnt care about any of the customers Even the manager seemed like he avoided everyone. There are 2 menus pub and grill, the server didnt bother explain it I only asked becuase I saw someone else with it. After ordering food that took an hour and they seemed to confuse which tables. No apologies about the delays. We werent asked for desert, refills or if we wanted more from the menu. terrrible service. While we were there, we saw at least 3 customers complaining to manager about the service. At one point a customer got pissed and walked out. You almost want to warn people not to waste there time there.Food:  the food was average we had devilish eggs and the pretzels which was good. We ordered the Salmon from the grill menu and the Rib and cheek sandwhich The sandwich was good but nothing wow. The salmon was dry,cold and bland. We ended up sending it back. Of course no apolgies for thr food quality. Not up to par for chef ramsey also for what it was, it was overpriced. Overall, I wouldnt return unless the overhal the entire place.Too bad becuase it seems like it has potential Maybe chef ramsey should come down and film an episode of Kitchen nightmares to fix it. I would recomend going to other resturants at Ceasers.
4	The Yelp review on this place had me feeling worried, but my husband and I were craving beer, and Gordon Ramsay's Pub has a huge selection.  We were pleasantly surprised by the great food here.As soon as I saw poutine on the menu, I knew I need look no further.  Theirs is served with duck confit, brown gravy, just a little cheese, all on top of thin-cut fries.  It was rich and salty but also fabulous.  I would have licked the bowl if no one else was around.My husband and daughter ordered different versions of their burger, and both loved them.  We also got a side of Brussels Sprouts.  These were very smoky and a bit overcooked, but otherwise okay.They have this funny gimmick where your server hands you an iPad so you can view the drink menu.  There are buttons you can tap to place a drink order, only they don't actually work.  Turns out, the order isn't really placed via the iPad; you still have to order your drinks from your server.  Seems like a waste of time and technology to me.I feel bad for the staff here.  The uniforms are pretty awful.  The men wear outfits that are sort of 1850s-bartender-meets-punk-rocker.  The hostesses wear tight tank dresses in a tacky newsprint pattern.Still, it's more about the food than anything else, and the food here was very good.  I'd come back for that poutine again for sure.
1	Well... where to start?  The evening before we enjoyed a FANTASTIC dinner at Joe's Seafood, Prime Steak and Stone Crab (It's in Caesars...run...don't walk to this place if you want a wonderful dining experience) So... we figured we would give this place a try, the menu price wise is about the same as Joe's, we expected something close to the level of service Joe's offers.... BOY we we wrong!  The waitress sat us and the bench seat I was in sank down like an old worn out sofa... it was awkward to dine in. She brought us an Ipad for the drink menu and didn't really go over the ordering process... we figured it out and pressed on. I ordered the mixed grill which comes with a couple of shrimp, pork belly, and a fillet.  When the food arrived the side dish we ordered did not show up. No apology, the guy just said he would go back and the dish would be out in 5 min. My wife ordered the Scallops with polenta...  Her scallops were not bad but the polenta was nonexistent ... her bowl looked empty LOL a few scallops and faint smear of polenta.  My meal... the steak was over cooked, it had a good flavor but wasn't nearly as good as the fillet I had at Joe's the night before. The pork-belly was the best thing in the dish and the shrimp were very plain... lacked any seasoning. About half way through the meal we stopped eating... called over the waitress who hadn't followed up about the missing side dish.  She went back... said it would be out in 5 min.  Again... no apology... nada.  Then she went on drifting around the place not doing much of anything.  We waited a little longer... said screw it and finished our meals.  Not once during the meal did the waitress check on us... offer to get us additional drinks... nada.  As soon as we finished the meal... the guy shows up with the side.  I politely let him know we didn't want it... we had finished our meals. About 10 min later the waitress drops off the check... minus the side and says have a good night.  Again... never admitting there was an issue... just treated us like the millionth pain in the ass tourist she has served. For a $150 + meal... you would expect better food and better service.  This place was a huge letdown.  I only wish I would have read the Yelp reviews prior to wasting our time and money at this 2 star establishment.  I've had better meals and service and chain restaurants. Again... if you want a great meal... with great service... I highly recommend you walk on down to Joe's on the 1st level of Caesar's Palace. You will not be disappointed. (PS... Frank
4	This was our first time at a Gordon Ramsey restaurant and we were excited to try it.  For appetizers, we ordered Pork & Duck Rilletes which was very tasty.  (We had never had Rilletes before so we don't have anything to compare).  They also give you  a small bread course for free.  My main course was the Mixed Grill.  It contained steak, pork belly and shrimp.  I loved it.  It was the best steak I had ever had, so tender!  The shrimp are large and juicy.  My husband ordered the flat iron steak.  He said the flavor was great, but when he received it, it was barely lukewarm so it was cold before he could finish it.  The sides are separate but we both ordered smashed fingerling potatoes.  Black truffle makes this dish absolutely delicious.  For dessert, we had the Sticky Toffee Pudding.  This literally made my eyes roll back in to my head!  It was so heavenly.  My husband also tried a few of their tap beers.  The service was excellent!  They constantly checked up on us and were very attentive.  As packed as the place was, I was amazed by that.  Expect to drop some cash (almost $200 for both of us) but it was worth it in our eyes.  There were only two negatives...  his steak being barely lukewarm and the music was SO loud that we had a hard time talking.  They play music by British artists. . However, they get props from me for playing Depeche Mode.  :)We will DEFINATELY be back!
1	I went there for lunch and it was horrible. Overpriced, mediocre food and servers in the goofiest uniforms I have seen in some time. Save your money and aggravation.
4	May have to be my go to lunch spot if all else fails.Pub & Grill is a good alternative if you don't want to wait in the dreaded buffet line. They really got the ambiance right for an English Pub and Grill, and they make it fun and lively.Good:Decor/environment, staff, beers on draft (carlsberg,innus and gun), friesOK:Food (Burger needs more flavor, Fish needs more flavor the texture was good)
2	Watching this seasons Hell's Kitchen and realizing that Ramsey made a mistake on the head chef who ever it is. The place is pricy and the food is not good at all. I have been to quite a few pubs and this does not serve real pub food. The only reason it gets 2 stars instead of one is the beer was good but still pricy even at Vegas prices.
5	A good-sized restaurant, full, busy, lively & noisy.  The shepherd's pie was absolutely delicious.  With the first taste of the mashed potatoes on top, I knew instantly.  Quality of food is outstanding.
3	I got the Caesar salad and hubby got the fish and chips.   The salad had a little too much dressing and the chicken was dry but all in all it was good.  Hubby liked the fish and chips but said that the Nine Fine Irlishmen in New York, New York was better.
3	Came here for dinner with some co-workers who recommended it.  Overall, it was good, but there were definitely some large flaws that pulled down my review to 3 stars.  I arrived a little late (about 10 minutes after the rest of my party) and the waitress seemed instantly offended by my tardiness and decided to be rude to me.  It took her forever to take my order, and she seemed annoyed to speak to me and have to take a second order for the table.  When the food came out, they completely messed up our entire order.  The waitress hadn't ordered the first people in the party's food, so I got my plate and everyone else was waiting around.  The waitress became somewhat more apologetic at that point, but the speed of the service was terrible.As for the food, I ordered fish and chips.  The fish was really good but the chips were dry and over-salted.  I thought they had a good beer selection as well which I was happy about. If it wasn't for the poor customer service, I would have given this 4 stars.
3	Service was meh....I can't imagine people get anything other than fish and chips because it smelled like fish everywhere wafting into Caesars Palace casino. We had a table looking into the casino which was kinda cool to people watch.They bring fresh rye bread and pretzel sticks to the table with a cheese dipping sauce. I was disappointed in the sauce due to some sort of horseradish taste to it. I didnt even really get to taste them because before you knew it the food was out at the table. Ordered fish and chips..you definitely get a good portion of fish which I thought was good.T he potatoes were ok . I prefer smaller fries these were 4 giant ones with a little parm on em. Again all dipping sauces included horseradish. YUCK!  Overall not too impressed ..lets hope the new chef who wins hells kitchen can help. LOL
2	The positives- the atmosphere was good and the service was great. My water cup was never empty and I drink a lot of water.Overall, the food was okay but not worth the price and not what I would expect from an establishment with Gordon Ramsay's name. The appetizer sliders were delicious. My entre salad was just lettuce and pears so it was lacking another component- pecans, blue cheese, something! It was disappointing. I would not recommend that item. My husband got the shepherds pie, which again tasted fine just not worth the price and it was smaller than I expected. We shared the toffee dessert which again was good but still average for a dessert. We just didn't think it was worth it. We wouldn't go here again. It wasn't bad, except the salad, but we would rather go somewhere else next time.
4	The name/image of "Gordon Ramsey" is super hot right now, so of course there was an allure to try out this new restaurant.  It's located in Caesar's Palace, near the Forum shops entrance.  This is the location where the winner of the current Hell's Kitchen will be awarded the Executive Chef position.  Making reservations didn't seem necessary as the restaurant wasn't very full.  In fact, I was a little disappointed in our table selection considering we took the extra time to make reservations and plan weeks in advance of our LV trip (we were put in a middle isle table away from the outside view or more intimate, private booth areas).The atmosphere of the restaurant was incredible.  The theme of an English Pub was evident in every detail, including the staffs' attire.  The color coordinated Doc Martens were awesome!  We absolutely LOVED the music (throw back memories of high school), which included The Smiths, The Cure, and other great Brit hits.The menu offered standard English pub food.  The drink menu wasn't very expansive.  We opted to start out with the fried oysters as an appetizer with the Mothers Ruin and Ramsey's Tonic for drinks.  The appetizer was executed and delivered perfectly.  The drinks were ok, nothing spectacular compared to other places on the Strip.One of my fav parts of our dining experience was the bread plate they bring to your table.  It was phenomenal and I wanted like 5 more!  It includes 3 different flavored pretzel sticks and nut loaf.  My fav was the herb pretzel!  It had 2 dipping options: butter and a cheddar/horseradish (which had just the right amount of "kick").For our main course we got the Shepard's Pie and the Fish 'n Chips.  I really don't care for lamb and its flavor seemed to take over the whole dish.  The Fish 'n Chips were superb.  All the food was piping hot and seasoned perfectly.  We ended the meal with the Sticky Toffee Pudding.  Honestly, we were so full that we left half the dessert, which was a shame considering it was so good!  The caramelized top was the best part!  It wasn't too sweet and had a nice balance with the sweet cream ice cream. Definitely worth a try!The only reason I didn't give my experience 5 stars is because of the service.  I was disappointed that for the cost of the meal and quite honestly because it is attached to Chef Ramsey's name, the service wasn't more professional.  I took offense to the young hostess calling me "sweetie".  Her interactions came off as condescending and indifferent... she never greeted us until a manager came up.  And considering I am at least 2 decades older than her, it was rude.  Our waiter wasn't attentive, in fact he refilled our water AFTER we asked for the check.  We also had to ask for appetizer plates and utensils/napkins twice, while the appetizer grew cold.  While fine dining is meant to be savored and time is not of the essence...the 20 minutes it took to just get our check and pay wasn't necessary and was wasted moments of my life.   If only Chef Ramsey had been around....our dining excursion would have been heavenly.....  I mean who doesn't like Hell's Kitchen?!?  :)
2	I went to Gordon Ramsay's Pub with a large group on a weekday night.  The restaurant was partially full but it took almost two hours from the time we ordered to when received our food!  The waiter that was in charge of our party of 18 could not keep up and they asked a waiter with a bad attitude to help with the order taking.  The food was good but not great and we had to endure a long wait and poor service!  My last time at this place!
5	Excellent staff, excellent food. Sliders were delish!
4	Very pricey but good comfort food. Interesting beer selection (displayed on iPad not a menu). Energetic atmosphere. Menu is a bit limited but food is very well prepared and flavorful.
5	Was daunted by reviews but had to try it anyway.This is a nice and seemingly consistent place. The decor is great, the food good, and the bartenders friendly.  It feels like a spot to hang out.  No one is conveyoring you along.  I watched the end of the Heats winning streak at the bar and met a few friendly people.  Even heard a few English accents.The bangers and mash actually tasted healthy (chicken sausage I think) and had a gourmet flair to it.Go!DT
1	SHUT IT DOWN!I was incredibly disappointed when we went to grab dinner here last night. Chef Ramsey would have been so upset at the lack of customer respect. It was like they really didn't care. And I found this unacceptable. The hostess took us to our table which was a very cool table but it was not very comfortable for our group to have dinner at. It was so low, that there was no way we could even eat or cut our meat. If we were just drinking then we would have hung out here all night. I asked the hostess for a booth, which was right next to the original table. She told me that the 4 empty booths were reserved and we couldn't sit there. I asked the hostess how embarrassed would she be if we sat at the uncomfortable table and no one showed up for those 4 booths in the next hour.  She ignored me and didn't respond. She then told me that this was the only table we could have. The sad part is that 60% of the tables were empty and she refused to seat us anywhere else.  I told her I wanted to speak to the manager. She went back to the hostesses station told the other girl and the second hostess rolled her eyes. Honestly I'm the customer.  I don't need to see that. The hostess made a phone call to the manager, who never picked up his phone.  She then went in the back and when she came back she gave us one of the booths we had requested. Wow! What changed?First, why did it take me 10 minutes to get a booth in a restaurant that was only 40% full. Secondly, I asked to speak to the manager and the manager never came out. Why? Completely unacceptable and disrespectful. Really where is the manager and why didn't he come over to talk to us. On a side note: At 10:22pm, we were seated and at 12:19am the booths were still empty.  In fact, nobody ever sat in any of those booths for almost 2 hours. It became apparent that the hostess completely lied to us by telling us they were reserved. Who is training the staff to act like this?Plus we sat at our table with no service for about 10 minutes. I believe the hostesses probably thought it was funny to send no one over.  We all discussed leaving but decided to stay. At 11:52pm all of the lights went full blast, during our meal. It was so bright it hurt our eyes. I spoke to the guy cleaning the tables and he went to speak to the manager and the lights went back down after 5 minutes.  We were just trying to finish our dinner. He came back and said, "the manager had no idea who turned all the lights on!" I think the manager might need a visit from GR and he may have his lights turned on. The waitress told us the lights go full blast every night at that time. I think it must be on a timer, like last call for alcohol. But it should not blast all the lights in the dinning areas. It was not a fun feeling as we ate our dinners. My first drink didn't look like the picture in the iPad menu. And I was told by the waitress that the drinks never look like the photos in the iPad. Then why do we have photos of the drinks in the iPad? Again this is wrong and not right. GR would be screaming at someone. I went to order another drink at 12:00am but was informed that the bar was closed. I said really and why didn't someone tell us it was last call. There was no response. I told the waitress that I was just having a wheat beer and it shouldn't be a problem to pour a pint. All the bartenders were still there. She went to ask and came back with my pint but I noticed that the Orange slice was missing and about an inch of beer was also missing.  I asked where was the orange slice (this beer is suppose to come with it) and I was told that it was wrapped in Saran Wrap and put away. I asked her to grab me a slice and she said that it wouldn't be possible. Why is this dinner so painful?I'm so mad that I haven't even got to reviewing the food yet.  The best thing we had here was the fingerling potatoes. It was a side dish but it was the star of the show. My buddy was not happy with his lamb. It was covered in a cheese and he felt it was over powering. I liked my PEI mussels and clams but didn't love them. They came with chorizo, carmelized fennel and lemon zest. I've had better mussel dishes elsewhere. I will say that the shellfish was fresh and only two clams had some sand in them. Would I come back here again? Probably never! So you're saying there's a chance? I would only probably ever eat here if Chef Ramsey was actually here running it. This place needs to be on one of those Restaurant Rescue Food shows and its only been open 4 months. I was also informed by the staff that GR had only been there 5 times in the last 4 months, since this location opened. If that is true then, he really needs to spend some time here fixing the many issues. I think the loser of Hell's Kitchen might be running this place?I let my love of GR influence my choice to stay! Next time I will follow my brain and not my heart. We should have all walked.
4	After reading all of the up and down reviews about this place, I didn't care. I wanted to come here and see for myself. I love pub fare and after being a late fan to his show on tv, it seemed like a natural place to check out. My husband and I arrived on a Friday evening around 7 with no reservations. Hostess said around 30 min but if we found seats at bar to help ourselves and let her know. We did! That's where we are happiest anyway. Keith and Jose and a whole host of others took EXTREMELY good care of us. We ordered several different items from the menu including the scotch egg, fried oysters, and then the pork and duck rillettes. Omg. Everything was incredibly fresh, tasty and delicious in our book. The bartenders knew about different beers I asked about and advised accordingly. (I'm an IPA kind of girl). They even changed the closest tv to something we requested with no issues. I've read countless reviews about the service here and food and while I can't account for table service, our bar service was spot on. I would happily come back and keep trying more items on the menu. I know everyone has different experiences but ours was awesome. I hope that if you are reading this review that you take the adventure and go. It was great for us...at the bar...on a Friday night. Thanks to all at GR's P&G!
1	Absolutely awful. I would mention our severs name but it was never given. After the first hour of asking for him 3 times just to order drinks, we somehow received a bread basket 1.5 hours later 2 minutes prior to the meal. Never saw our server again... Not for a napkin, not to check in, not for more drinks, and not even to see if we wanted dessert in celebration of my friends birthday. He simply dropped the bill on the table and walked away. As a local- even just as a patron, the service was appalling. On our way out, my friend appropriately made a comment to the hostess in hopes that management would be made aware to which he was given the response "I'm sorry but there's nothing I can do."Waste of time money space and unfortunately a special occasion. Gordon Ramsay may be a good chef, but his business sense is absolutely pathetic.  Mr Ramsay, you've been CHOPPED!
1	The service was like a Greek tragedy and you hoped the food contained poison so that the evening would end early.   I haven't complained to the manager about service in years, but that changed last night.  While GR's pub food is generally fine, the overall experience was horrible.
3	We were at Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill on opening night. Nice atmosphere. Food was great. We saw a few celebrity chefs. I forgot to submit my original review after returning home and we have eaten at his restaurant again since. My original review was 5 star amazing but I have to say that our visit a few months later was not as great. Just 3 star ok. We were a little disappointed with the food. My husband and I both ordered the same items Fish and Chips and the Cauliflower soup both times and I felt the quality and attention to detail was not as good compared to or original visit. Probably because the chef himself was not there the second time... who knows... That being said, I would probably eat her again for a late night meal but not when looking for a nice dinner date night.
4	I have only had their Mac 'n Cheese and Shepards Pie...both were AMAZING! I would go back for those two dishes!
4	I have to note that I never review Vegas restaurants, the quality of food is "suppose" to be good. I loved our experience here.  We went for lunch, the drinks came out quick  the food was delicious and the service was on point. If you go get dessert!
2	The food was good, but the drinks sucked. (I just turned 21, all I think about are the drinks) The decor was fun and interesting but the overall atmosphere was really loud being right next to the casino. I think they were going for a roudy-pub atmosphere, but it was more forced than anything else. I really wanted to like this place because Gordon Ramsay is awesome, but I just...didn't.Weird note: The outfits for the waiters and waitresses were interesting, however they only worked if the waiter was in shape. The outfits for the men who were overweight was really unflattering.
3	Around 30 or so craft beers on tap, fun bartenders, terrific looking place, and some ok fish & chips. Still, Jones Wood Foundry on the UES New York does them better! Sorry Gordon.Was here last week for a bite to eat and to catch the college hoops championship game. The bar area itself is huge with many stools to take a seat and watch the game on one of the large flatscreens hanging above. As you can imagine this place is loud and hopping being right off the main casino floor across the sportsbook area. Cool trendy design with beer kegs decorating the walls. Plenty of tables in a very open air kind of setting. Personally, I had no problem with the service here as it was just right. I just wanted to hang at the bar with a drink and watch the game anyway. The beer selection is terrific and having Innis & Gunn on tap is a winner. Bartenders were attentive and fast with slinging the drinks. Had to try the fish & chips here, as it's one of my favs. It was just ok but I have had better. I felt the batter was just not crispy enough and lacked overall flavor that I expected. Not a bad meal, but with all the choices in town I was a bit dissatisfied. Still, one gets the feeling that this is just another Vegas corporate chain type trendy restaurant. Not bad overall, and would come back again for a cold brew next time in Ceasars.
5	As a pretty big Gordon Ramsey fan, my husband and I could not wait to go to his pub and grill, especially since he is in the process of hiring a head chef on Hell's Kitchen. It's located in the perfect spot inside caesers palace, the walls were made of empty beer keg's which was pretty awesome. My husband was a little let down at the fact that there were no hot wings on the menu, so he decided to get a burger, while I got the calliflower soup, lunch menu. The food was so good. While I loved my soup I wish I would have gotten the burger, it was amazing. Our waiter was also pretty cool, we were his only table at the time,  so he took the time to chat with us and made our lunch even more enjoyable. All in all I would 100% recommend anyone to this restaurant, and I myself cannot wait to return.
2	Sounds like my experience wasn't too far from other people's 2 and 3 star reviews. Had a lamb burger, ice tea, and split a dessert for $30 each. Pricey but typical for Vegas I guess. I was seated against the wall in a ridiculously low cushioned bench seat. I'm 6'3" and I can't imagine how awkward it must be for others to have to eat like that. The server was really low on energy, no smiles, just smirks even at my low brow attempts to lighten the mood. She really never did perk up much, I had to continually ask for more ice tea. The lamb burger was just ok. Not much, if any, seasoning. The 4 sticks of french fry potato slices were also cute but not very tasty. Dessert was fine, the toffee pudding thing seemed like a safe bet. Overall, I don't recommend it and I wouldn't return. We had a much more entertaining dining experience at Grand Lux Cafe at The Venetian/Palazzo for half the cost. And that waiter smiled all the time as she kept my iced tea filled to the brim!
5	Fish and chips for lunch.  'Nuf said.
3	In brief, it was very good, but I wasn't wowed by it.  My expectations were set too high because of Gordon Ramsay's name attached to it.  The ambiance, the atmosphere and the decor were absolutely gorgeous.  The service was impeccable, although some of the staff were having a bit too much fun at the bar, which was a bit distracting.  If I was basing my review solely on these factors, I would give it 4 and a half stars.The food was good, not great, but very good.  I had the English Ale Onion Soup, which I liked, but thought it lacked.  The onions were gorgeous, the cheddar crustinis were good, but the broth didn't have it.  My main was the filet platter.  The steak was nice, the pork belly was a bit boring and the shrimp were not hot enough.  My friends had similar complaints and compliments.All in all, not a bad choice, just not as good as I would have expected!
5	This place is delicious. My better half and I were walking around at the Caesars Palace and as soon as we both saw the restaurant, we just had to try it! We both love Gordon Ramsay and his crazy bad temper, so why not try his restaurant?We had the Devil eggs and they were out of this world!!! So tasty!! Very interesting way to serve them too. Serve the yolk as a spread rather than already inside of the hard boiled egg white is pretty brilliant.I tried the lamb burger and it was really good. I asked for some mustard for the burger and the fries and I almost died. It is so spicy!!! Delicious!!My bf had the fish and chips and the fish was cooked perfectly. Really flaky but crunchy on the outside. Exactly what I expected out of fish and chips.The only bone I have to pick with this restaurant is the uniforms.....what on earth were those girls wearing?? There was some waitress well in her late 30s, early 40s wearing the trashiest little number ever! And trust me, it was definitely not age appropriate. I would change their uniforms to something a little more modest. Even hooters girls look more modest and out together. Hopefully we will be back, soon
4	Our group of 6 was well taken care of during lunch. Our table had the lamb burger, shepard's pie, and ham sandwich as recommended by our waiter.  Great recommendations. We also had the mac and cheese and fish and chips which were good if that's what you're in the mood for. Drink menu on the ipad is a bit slow, especially since there's only one for 6 peeps.Gotta give the waiters credit for slipping on them skinny jeans.
2	Disappointing! My wife and I are big Ramsey fans and we religiously watch Kitchen Nightmares. We've both been to London and love Pub food, so we were very excited to go to the new Ramsey Pub.  First, the hostesses quoted an hour and a half wait even though it was off peak Sunday after 8, there were six to eight open tables and what appeared to be very few people waiting. They took my contact info and less than 30 minutes later the text came through that our table was ready. The early table was a pleasant surprise but it was obvious they weren't really keen at estimating accurate wait times.Our server was friendly but not attentive. There were a number of times we had to wait a while before he returned to our table.The Shepard's pie was bland and not very tasty at all.  The portion was very small, which wouldn't be a big deal if they weren't charging nearly $30. It was an entree price with a tapas/small plate portion size. Everything was way overpriced, the side of mushy peas was $11. $11 for a few ounces of mashed peas? And they weren't very good either. Overall it wasn't a very positive experience and with Ramsey's name on it you certainly expect more.
5	Awesome!  Some friends and I had been wanting to go for awhile, finally went last night.  Sat at the bar and had 3 or 4 appetizers and some cocktails.  Staff was awesome, and our bartender, RayRay, explained everything to us about the menu and drinks (who knew there was such a thing as keg wine?)  Great experience, we will be back!
5	I loved this place. Easily the most hipsters per square inch of any place in Vegas.  I sat at the bar and watched the NBA playoffs and ordered some brews and a burger. The staff was attentive and engaging but not in a cheesy way. The atmosphere was cordial and inviting with some good talent in the hostess and waitress department. The burger was so outstanding I came back two and a half hours later drunk and ordered the Shepard's pie, which was a life changing experience. If you're in Vegas and want a affordable great meal you should definitely hit this place up.
5	Scallops, Fish/Chips,  Irish Onion Soup, Sticky Pudding, bread and drinks...worth every cent.  One of the best meals I've ever had.  Always have been a big fan of GR and especially the F Word...bigger fan now.
4	It's right in the middle of Cesars and someone help you if you get seated right at the railing, it's like you are an animal on display and all the people waling by stare at you while eating.  The atmosphere is pretty chill for a trendy pub.  It was pretty noisy while we were there but the service was great and the sliders were outstanding, best sliders I have had to date.  They have a great beer selection, including some of Ramsay's claimed favorites.  I tried them all a couple times, it was good.Overall its worth a trip, but you better get reservations in advance or you will be waiting a half hour or more.  Reserve online and you get right in.  Like I said, the service was awesome!
2	No, No, No, say it ain't so! I love Gordon Ramsey.This is just based on the service since we didn't even get a chance to try the food.  Walked in for early lunch on Saturday and restaurant wasn't even 1/2 full, yet no one including the hostess can find a table to put us. True we were a party of 9 but still!  The restaurant was HALF empty!!? wtf? And this IS VEGAS! Your whole staff stood there oblivious what to do.  Starting to wonder of these celebrity chef restaurants are actually worth the hype?? My impression is just another celebrity making a buck off their current fame.  Very disappointing. I'll still watch Hells Kitchen to see who ended up running this place.
2	Chef Ramsey should give his front of the house the Kitchen Nightmare treatment (one star or less for service). The food was very good (4 stars), enjoyed the dinner overall. Our server was doing his best but looked like he had no support from anyone bussing tables.  What I guess was some type of manager visited a table next to us during our 2 hour dinner literally 15 times - and quickly came by once early in our meal to check in.  Reminded me of some of the shlub managers Ramsey runs in to on Kitchen Nightmares.   Another manager at the hostess station was also a waste - we had 8:30p reservations and arrived promptly, we were asked by three different people why we were waiting - including a manager, who when we said we had reservations asked if they were for 7:45p - presumably to give us grief for showing up late... but then just turned and walked away - rude!!!I am a huge fan of Ramsay's TV shows -  so really wanted to like the whole experience, but it just wasn't happening. Luckily we had no specific plans for after dinner, because I never would have thought a pub and grill dinner would take two hours (it should not have - just inefficient).Sheppard's Pie and Fish and Chips were very good. Sticky Toffee pudding was outstanding.
2	Let me start by saying I read the reviews PRIOR go going here.  Overprice - ehh, it's Vegas, and it's Gordon Ramsay, so what.   What was constant in other reviews was the service.  I thought, you know, worth a try, could be start up pains.  Well, WOW.  Very disappointed with the front of the house.  We had reservations, showed up early, and they were clearly confused looking up reservation on the computer and an iPad, so stand to the side.  A manager type (noted as a manager by not wearing the newsprint jumper mini dress all other hostess were wearing) asks "may I help you".  Tell her we were told to wait, she asks for name again, and then with an attitude, tells us, "for 7:45"  (it was 8:25 and we had an 8:30).  I reply 8:30, she walks away without saying a word.   Eventually we're seated, smack in the middle of the dining room that is visible from the casino, good table, near a POS/waiter station.   18 minutes later - yes, eighteen, the waiter comes by, politely greets us, asks about drinks, but we didn't have a drink menu.  He was trying his best, but good service is not solely the poor waiter's responsibility.    When we placed our drink order, we placed our entire order (app, 2 entrees).   Bread plates were provided, then breads were brought.  Breads were finished, so empty crock, tray and 2 small bowls for sauces remained on the table.  (did I mention the waiter station/lsland 6 feet from us).Our appetizer came, long plate, used our bread plates for serving plates.  Finished, and now all those plates were still at the table.  Our entrees came, after having been walked around to the dining room with the beer barrels (cause I saw the food go by me first, then come back).   Plates were set, we moved our bread plates to the side on top of the appetizer long tray - and there they remained.The only redemption was the food was good.  My husband ordered Shepard's Pie, which I wish I would have ordered as it was very good.  I had fish and chips, which, one of my fish got soggy at the bottom, but another was crispy.  I read critiques that the chips weren't authentic - I liked them.  My guess if I had to replicate at home, is that you take 1 potato, make it a thick steak fry - so 1 potato = 1 fry; and they probably use the rest of the sides for the mash, but I liked them.There was another manager type, male this time, (manager noted by his not wearing the punk suspender type clothes waiters were wearing) and this guy looked so sleazy .  Sweaty - seriously, like the kind Gordon rips to shred on Kitchen Nightmares.   I actually told my husband it looked like the KN in NY where this godfather type guy wore the trench coat and glasses and they owned a lobster house, and argued with Chef about "maine lobsters".  This guy seriously went to the table behind me, about 12 times.  And please, I'm not knocking appearance, I'm not a barbie type person, but I do expect people regardless of age or size, to look presentable, meaning, clothes fit properly, clothes are clean & neat.   Not sure what the couple did or who they were to warrant attention every 7 minutes, but obviously this clueless manager couldn't turn his back and see a stack of empty plates at our table while we were trying to finish our entrees!Almost thru our meal, the waiter came buy, said could I take those plates, since you've been staring at them your entire meal.   Again, he was waiting every table in that dining room, and he was hustling, but no support!  At one point when we finished our meal, he ask someone when he saw us finish, to please bus our table - and he did, about 10 minutes later.Never did I think a pub meal would take 2+ hours.  Again, it's Vegas, so yes, it's over priced, but shamefully not worth it.  I won't be back.  The poor front of house isn't a testament to starting pains, it's poor execution and leadership.  I'll keep watching the damn shows though!
4	Stopped by as I was walking through Caesar's for a quick snack, and sat at the bar. The server recommended the Scotch Egg and pub chips (fries). She was friendly and efficient, and correct on the recommendation. Both items, while simple, were done to perfection. The chips were about a third of a potato or more each, and you got eight, so quite a bit of potato. They were crispy on the outside and just right on the inside. The house made ketchup was good enough to eat without putting it on the chips. It was my first scotch egg, so I don't have much to compare, but I enjoyed the contrast of the spicy sausage, egg, and slightly molten yoke. yum!
4	This was my first ever restaurant week place and I was pleasantly surprised despite the not so stellar reviews.  Boyfriend loved the pork belly, my salmon was soft, slightly raw but still tasty.  The onion soup was a tad salty.  The sticky toffee pudding is a must - that's to die for!
2	As a Vegas local, let me just say that I didn't have huge expectations given this is one of those celebrity restaurants, but I wanted to see how Gordon Ramsay does pub food, so I took my wife for a weekday lunch to this chaos of a place that Caesars Palace is.  The decor with high ceilings and kegs stacked up.....meh, it's just alright.  The service was just fine unlike other reviewers' negative experiences, but I find some of these overly chipper servers' rehearsed theatrical presentation of the menu quite annoying.  It's fucking pub food mate....The menu was stereotypical pub food, nothing too exciting, but I followed the recommendation from our server and I had lamb burger, medium, and wife had fish and chips.  The food was decent, but it tasted just like I would have imagined it would taste like, nothing more, nothing less.  I've had fish and chips in many Irish and Enlish pubs, and this was fairly ordinary, which is OK with me, but $27 for fish and chips?  really?  Lamb burger was juicy with good lamb flavor, but not anything I'd crave for anytime in the near future.  All in all, I have to say that this place is A-ok.  Would I go back to hellish parking structure of Caesars Palace even if all of us locals know the back way from Dean Martin and pay for food that should cost 1/2 as much?  As GR might say...."no focking way"....
2	We wanted to love it, we really did. Unfortunately we left feeling extremely disappointed. The food was just ok. It tasted good but there wasn't anything over-the-top about it. We would have loved to try the sticky toffee pudding for dessert (mostly to compare it to Bobby Flay's) but our waiter couldn't be bothered to stop by our table. We sat with our silverware on our plates after finishing our entrees for thirteen minutes and eight seconds before the plates were finally cleared away. Yes, we timed it. And then we sat for another eleven minutes and fifty two seconds before the waiter came over to ask if we wanted dessert. Nope, just the check now. Dessert probably would've taken another half hour! Each time we've been to Vegas, we choose to stay at Caesar's Palace because the customer service is superb. Mesa Grill, Bacchanal, Homestead, Hyakumi... five-star service. Even Munch Bar had awesome service. Ramsay's just didn't measure up. I still love Gordon but I think he needs to start yelling at his front of the house staff ASAP.
5	Wow this place was amazing, but the prices... not soo much.Walking through the hotel and found this place... concerned about the price but the food looked and sounded really good so we gave it a try.This place is really nice and very fancy. It's also a little busy, probably because it was weekend lunch hour. Anyways the service is great! Everyone there is so nice and kind and very helpful.Th e food is great! You gotta try the Mac n Cheese and the Burger Sliders. Overall, the food is excellent! People are Great. But I would give this 4 1/2 Stars because of the prices :/Would come back!
3	We ate the fried oysters, bread sticks with cheese dip, salmon, cornish chicken and chips.  All food arrived as ordered, hot and delicious.  The service was slow and we did not have wine or dessert.  1.5 hours from being seated to check payment.  No biggie, most people are eating at a leisurely pace, but its not a quick meal.
4	I've eaten here a total of three times with some varying degrees of deliciousness, but I have to say that the most recent visit was the best.  I've never had a problems with service, although for my first visit, I was seated at the bar.  It's not easy to get great service at a bar... Anyways, this last visit was by far the best.  I had the pretzels with the home made dijon, a bowl of the corn chowder with a basil creme fresh, and the heirloom tomato sandwich.  Let's break these bad boys down:1) The pretzels weren't anything ridiculously amazing, but the dijon mustard is the star.  You can tell it's fresh.  It's a coarse-ground mustard that has plenty of heat.  If you put too much, it will clear out your sinuses, but wasn't retardedly/annoyingly hot.  2) I'd have to say that the corn chowder wasn't my favorite, but it had some good flavor combinations.  The chowder was sweet and had some crab meat placed in, which made it much more sweet that I usually go for.  I'd kind of like something sour (citrus/lime juice possibly) to cut the sweetness.  But the creme fresh paired well to smooth the flavors out.  It cut into the sweetness a bit.  There was a bit of julienned basil to also help cut the sweetness.  Overall, pretty good.3) The heirloom tomato sandwich is EXCELLENT.  Crispy bread with a citrusy aoli.  Perfectly rip tomatoes with thinly shaved parmessian on top.  Awesome.  I want another one for dinner.  Sh*t, I'd eat one for breakfast.  The freshness of the tomatoes work perfectly for a hot day.  And it was light enough not to weigh me doswn, unlike a shepherd's pie or a flat iron steak+fixin's.  No post-lunch naps required...All in all, good execution and a great place to take someone to, since you'll be able to have good conversation about the decor, ipad drink menu, and presentation.
4	I'm surprised this only has a 3-star average. I thought the food was great. We went for dinner, and they brought us pretzel breadsticks and seeded bread to start. I got the steak with onion marmalade  and he got the chicken. Both were delicious and well done. The fingerling potato side wasn't so good though, and overpriced at $12. The decor is cute but the outfits they make the servers wear is god awful--skintight newspaper print rubber? No one looks good in that, and it certainly isn't appetizing.
1	I can't review the food because after an hour at our table, ours never arrived. Even after I spoke to the manager and he promised it would be out in 5 minutes, no dinner....and no explanation or apology from our server.   Run, do not walk, away from this rude and loud establishment.  Watching my 85 year old dad storm out in disgust is a memory I will never forget!
4	I was here a week ago for dinner. The food was good. I have the brick braised chicken and my girlfriend had the mussels. The drinks tasted good but I didn't feel like there was enough alcohol in them for the price they charged. My main problem with this restaurant is the speed of service. When you're in Vegas, you don't want to be wasting time waiting for a server to come take your order or bring your food. You want to be in and out and on the way to the tables, clubs, shows, or whatever else you're planning on doing. We were seated quickly but then had to wait nearly 15 minutes before our waitress came to the table. After she finally made an appearance, service speed improved but when it came time to pay, we had to wait again. After giving her my credit card, it took her nearly 15 minutes to bring it back. The restaurant wasn't that busy and it seemed to be fairly standard as other tables had to wait for their server to arrive as well. Other than the speed of service, the food was delicious and the atmosphere fun and lively. I would definitely return, just wished the service was faster.
2	Service was excellent! I ordered the duck confit as an app.  Received about 1 tablespoon of duck and a bucket of fries.  VERY disappointing for the price. I ordered the  shepherd's pie.  Flavorful, but so dry.  It needed some kind of sauce. My wife ordered the lamb burger.  It was so dry, she dipped it in her ketsup. Side of fries were so hard, had to use knife to cut them. We made this a destination restaurant, and it was bitterly disappointing. Will not try again. Gordon you're building an empire, but it's all in about the quality, and our recent experience at your Pub questions how much you are involved.
1	We were thrilled to WIN a dinner at a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. We watch his shows and thought dinner would be amazing. The first two items we ordered were "86ed". We said that was too bad since we really wanted to have them and the waiter replied that it was "good" since they were busy that night.  Good for him, bad for us,  but it didn't occur to him to think that way.  My husband ordered rack of lamb, and since the apps we wanted were not available he asked about the portion size and was told it was " three bones". When  the dish came with two, he asked the waiter about it and the waiter said he would check with the kitchen, then came back and told us he was misinformed  and the serving  went by weight. However, he agreed that it looked like a double cut chop, not a rack of lamb for $38. The meat was chewy,had no sauce, & needed seasoning. My  scallops, a dish Ramsay routinely dumps in the trash on his show, were nicely browned but served in a tasteless broth that made them a soggy mess. Although our waiter became more apologetic when the table next to us also complained about their lamb, and brought us a complimentary dessert, it was a really disappointing meal. Like the woman at the table next to us said, " This restaurant is a Kitchen Nightmare and needs fixing."
2	This is really the worst pub I have ever eaten at!  We should have left after looking at the menu, but I figured it really could not be that bad.  WOW was I wrong.Fish & Chips; thick soggy batter with white mush inside for fish and Zero flavor.  The chips big huge block like sticks of greasy mush potato.Brook Trout; a slab of fish with no flavor and root vegetables that tasted just like dirt.So ok maybe the chef had a bad night, like he forgot his seasoning apron.  I could see a off night, but I can't  see horrible service.  Not in Vegas where ever casino has at least three great restaurant and five or so ok ones.  Our waitress or lack of one was awful she literally was never there.  I had to grab someone walking by every time we needed any thing drinks, bread, our order, and check.  Ok all that and a bus boy that spilled twice all over the table.  First time pouring water, he just kept pouring even after he had left the glass.  Second time picking up our plates, spilling what ever buttery watery juice came with the trout all over the table and my iPhone.  Each time he did this he never apologized or said a word.   Guess I can say, just don't go.  Go anywhere else, there are so many options
2	I went to Ramsay's steak at the Paris for my birthday and we loved it. This time in Vegas we were looking for a light lunch and wanted to try Ramsay's pub and grill. We watch Hells Kitchen so we knew it existed. It is within the Cesar's palace. Nice decor. I ordered a burger, nothing fancy. It took more than one hour for my girlfriend and I to get our food. THe waitress disappeared for more than 45 min, when she finally came back she was worried that we did not get our food yet, eventually the manager came to apologize as well and to offer us a round of drink assuring that food was on its way. Another 15-20 min later, we finally got our order, it looked great however my patty was not cooked... simply grilled on the outside and raw on the inside, it was funny to see that considering the show that Gordon puts on in Hells Kitchen over uncooked meat... I mentioned to the waitress and the manager who did not charge us for my dish. They offered to order a new one but at this point the quick lunch turned into a 2 hours bad experience and we wanted to get out. I think the staff handled the situation properly, some might have yelled a little more and maybe ask for more comps... This was certainly a bad experience overall, I am sure however it does not reflect the standards of the restaurant... I hope. but with so many other places in Vegas I doubt I will give it another shot....I give two stars for the staff's reaction, even slow, at least they tried to do something... and for the beer I was drinking that I thought was great !
2	One of my nights in Vegas, my wife and i ate at the Pub and Grill. I have to say I was disappointed. The staff was outstanding, super attentive and friendly. The food was just ok. I ordered the Shepard's pie and it was very good, but my wife's short rib and cheek sandwich was very dry and looked like it had been slapped together like a fast food burger. I've eaten at Ramsey Steak and BurGR and I have to say Pub and Grill needs to step it up to match the quality of the other two.
2	2 stars because the food (once it got there) was delicious.  Had the sliders and the beef cheek stew.  Sliders are served with a whipped aioli and were solid juicy slidersBeef cheek stew has a decadent jus and the meat was tender as a butcher's heart.  HOWEVER!  Service was absolutely atrocious!  Our server was aloof and did next to nothing.  Obviously the busser hadn't been trained either, because as my buddy is chewing a piece of his steak, the busser comes over and asks if he was all through, while there is still meat on his plate too boot.Nice beer list and yummy pretzel bread.  I would return and hope for a better service and make a final judgment after that.
1	Extremely disappointing experience. Avoid this overpriced dump at all cost. The food wasn't even edible. I can't believe the they charged me $4.00 for each soda when I couldn't even eat the disgusting food/slop they set in front of me. The manager came over to ask if I wanted to be subjected to more of this typhoid contaminated garbage they call food, but I figured I had better not even smell the hazardous waste their pushing unless i wanted to vomit. All in all, my recommendation would be to bulldoze this swine infested dump, and replace it with a more desirable place to eat; a hot dog stand would be an improvement. Please, if you care about yourself, your family, your friends, and prefer not to have your stomach pumped while in Las Vegas, DO NOT EAT AT GORDON RAMSEY'S PUB & GRILL CAESARS PALACE.
1	You can't sport the name Gordon Ramsay and serve us our entrees an hour after being seated..... Don't even bother speaking to the manager because all he'll do is tell you they can do better and invite  you to come back next time for a "better experience" (no discount btw).....Seriously? There are plenty of great restaurants with better service in Vegas, why should I come back? Ridiculous! Don't waste your time here.
2	Wow. I hope whoever wins Hell's Kitchen hasn't taken over as executive chef of this place yet because that would mean that Ramsay made a bad choice. If what we experienced happened during dinner service on that show, someone would have been kicked out of the kitchen. My boyfriend tried to order a beer, but we were told they were out of it and the server couldn't really recommend a comparable choice. So he gave us what felt like 15 minutes to choose another beer and then came back for our order. I ordered the chopped salad, Leo got the Shepard's pie and we share the pub chips. Everything was just OK. The chopped salad mentioned wood-grilled chicken, but what I got resembled shredded rotisserie chicken - pretty bland. And then midway through our meal, we got bread service - which made absolutely no sense. Leo ordered another beer and after our meal, we asked for the dessert menu. And watched our server schmooze with a larger party for 10 minutes before we could flag him down and ask again. Once we got the menu and picked out a dessert (Sticky Toffee Pudding, which was actually very good), we had to wait until another server tapped ours on the back to let him know we were waiting. By the time we finished everything, nearly two hours had passed and the place was pretty much dead. It may have just been because we had a poor server that night, but we would never go back to this place.
3	Surprisingly mediocre. We met a bunch of friends at the restaurant for lunch the day Bon Appetit's Uncork'd festival was going on at the hotel. The restaurant wasn't too busy and we got in with no wait. Service was really slow. Appetizers came out reasonably quick but entrees took forever.Tried the pub pretzels which were quite good. They're served with a cheddar sauce and mustard. Fair warning: the mustard is quite hot, like Chinese mustard hot. Good but if you're not expecting it you'll be surprised.I started with the English ale and onion soup. Very good.A friend and I split the lamb burger with feta cheese. The burger was quite bland. Really could have used salt and even the feta was on the bland side. On the plus side it was cooked perfectly.We really expected a bit more, especially since Chef Ramsey was in town for the event that evening. We much prefer Public House or Todd English's P.U.B.
2	Mixed review for me.  The service was great, from the manager Zeus and waiter, Ali to the bartenders.  However the food was nothing exceptional.  Had pub shots (mini hamburgers) for appetizer, grilled asparagus for side dish (grilled well) and filet mixed grill.  The mixed grill wasn't worth the price.  Needed a touch of salt, but for the prices charged, shouldn't need anything.  Though I'll admit the sauces were good.  Love the pub crawl.  Not much of a bourbon fan, but the pub crawl could change that.  Excellent drinks.Overall a disappointment.  Over priced food, but drinks and service exceptional.  Not a total loss, but definitely room for improvement.  Just need to tweek seasoning.
3	Given the restaurant is by the snooty ass Gordon Ramsey, I expected more.  However, I only intended to drink to occupy myself while my out-of-town were gambling.  Somewhat disappoint that the sparkling wine listed on the menu was not the one they were pouring...it was Chateau Ste. Michele, which is a good value but only about $8.00 at CVS and naturally it was $8.00 a glass here.  However, the bartender was cool and topped me off a few times free of charge, but I did order 3 glasses...I would have been smarter buying the bottle from the beginning.  Like I said I don't gamble, and expected my guest to turn up definitely by the time I was on drink #2...sadly they showed up when I completed glass #3 and was about to order #4...however, thankfully, husband intervened and comforted me that we have several bottle of this in our "everyday" wine stock.  So I stopped and like the intelligent person I am said let's order FOOD! to complete the evaluation of this place. I was only thinking of my fellow yelpers, YKWIM?So all 4 of us shared sliders and fish and chips.  All of it was Ok, but given that Ramsey is such a hardass, I expected more so much more!  The food did not deliver, but still it was decent.  Fresh, but just ordinary.if I come back, it is only to sit at the bar and have drinks. PS.  Whoever won Hell's kitchen needs atleast a few more lessons.  Also the outfits of the wait staff are hideous.
3	We came her for something a bit different. The description of the food and the high prices are the only different things here. The food is way overpriced for the quality and quantity of what you actually receive. There is so much more value you can get for your money at other nice places on the strip. I ordered the scallops. I received 4 scallops, surrounded by brussel sprouts. Others at my table ordered the lamb, fish & chips, and chicken. Again, there was nothing that made this food stand out. Good customer service. Drinks ordered from an iPad. Pretty cool. The atmosphere is cool and modern. But the food is nothing to write home about.
1	Terrible, terrible service.  And the waitress' uniforms made me uncomfortable, their dress is fine but the lock on their choker necklace, very tacky. And did I mention about their service? Horrible! We waited an hour and a half, and still didn't get our food. Maybe cause  it's the way we were dressed, but I had better service at Lawry's wearing sweatpants and a t-shirt.
1	First, we walked in and were seated fairly quickly. Our Waitress never came to our table so the waitress working the tables next to ours took our order. It still took at least 10 minutes to even be noticed. We ordered two orders of the sliders. One we ordered well done. The food took forever to come and when it did they didn't know whose was whose.The food was mediocre to say the lease. I would not go back Ramsey should take a tip from Wolfgang because as a foodie I've never eaten a bad meal at any of Wolfgang's restaurant!
4	We only had to wait 20 minutes to be seated for dinner which I figured wasn't bad for as crowded as the place looked. They send you a text when your table is ready which was better than having to sit around and wait or carry a pager, so we were able to play some slots while we waited.The atmosphere is a little different, you feel more like you are in someone's house for dinner rather than a restaurant, it's a little odd, but it works. Something I have noticed in Gordon Ramsay's restaurants is that the servers all seem a little, under dressed, but our server was attentive and knew all about the menu.We tried the pretzel bread that came before the meal and the cheese sauce it came with was great. A nice blend of cheese and spice, it really worked. We ordered the Shepard's pie and the mac and cheese which was not on the dinner menu, but if you ask for it, you can have it. Both dishes were delicious! My husband said it was the best Shepard's pie he ever had and the mac and cheese was amazing! It was creamy and had many levels of flavor, definitely the most complex mac and cheese that I had ever eaten. Also, don't be fooled by what appear to be small portion sizes, they are actually quite filling.For dessert we had to try the much talked about sticky toffee pudding and it did not disappoint. The cake was warm and soft, paired perfectly with creamy ice cream and caramel. It was enough to share for two people.The service overall wasn't quick, but it wasn't bad either. The couple behind us were waiting for their food when we got there and still didn't have it when we were done. I don't know what they ordered, but they seemed to be waiting a long time for it. Overall I would definitely come back to try more of the menu, it was a nice experience.
1	Terrible service.  Ignored for 20 minutes.  Spoke to 3 servers who ignored us.  Expected a lot more from the GR brand.  How disappointing.
4	I sat here at the bar by myself for lunch. I thought the food here was really good for the one dish I tried... Which was the fish and chips. Really tasty and flakey fish and the chips were yummy. I wish there were more mashed/minty peas cuz those were yummy too.  For beer I ordered the Innis and gunn...the bartender asks me after I ordered. "now that's a "pale" ale....is that gonna be ok??" don't talk to me like that... If I order something why would u question me...? Like it felt like he was saying that cuz I was a girl... Whatever.. The beer was awesome and not even hoppy at all which seemed to be what he was implying by his question. I actually went back the next day to the bar to order the same beer again cuz it was so great ... The 2nd bartender when I ordered said "have you had the pale ale variety? That is what we have on tap right now" which was a nicer way of asking without being presumptuous.Anyway. For an Anglophile like me, I love this place. Reminds me of England and love the British music that plays (queen, the kooks, Franz Ferdinand, Arctic monkeys etc..)Would like to return for more Innis and Gunn as well as the famous sticky toffee pudding which I was too full to order :(.
3	Strange - i thought i posted a review of this place a few months ago ....As to this particular review, being the romantic, for Valentines Day i gave the girlfriend:Diamonds ?  uhhhh NoPerfume ?  Seriously ?Flowers ?  we've been together 3 years, I've yet to give her a flower so why start now.Candy ?  getting closerHow about two tickets to the Uncorked Dinner with Chef Gordon Ramsay since I think she loves him more than me ?  What can i say, I'm a giver.So even though it's a special dinner, it is being prepared by the chefs that work at the pub and you figure, it's gotta be there best effort since Chef Ramsay is there riding their ass so i've opted to make this a review of the restaurant and not the event.briefly, as to the event, they simply cut off a portion of the restaurant for about 60 diners.  Chef Ramsay made the rounds - pics autographs, etc.  My gf was gushing when he came up to our table - i jokingly told the chef he can grab my girls ass when i take the pic.  I gotta admit, the guy is personable - i couldn't resist - asked him about this so-called riff between him and Bobby Flay - to his credit, didn't miss a beat and explained that it's "press-driven" - he likes Bobby, thinks he's a great chef, blah blah blah.  Overall, A nice event.  What about the food ?All the courses were paired with beers provided by Innis & GunnCourse one -   Chilled Fennel Soup with Shrimp paired with I&G Original.  If I wasn't told it was fennel soup i never would have guessed fennel was in the soup and I'm a fennel fan !   Smooth, creamy, but it needs ... flava !  The beer was decent.Course two - Heirloom Tomato. Goat Cheese and Chervil ( paired with Original again )  - believe it or not, the star of the evening - simple fresh the classic flavor explosion. Course three - Pan seared Diver Scallops, braised artichokes, spring garlic ( paired with Original ) - nice, simple really like the artichokes.Course four - Grilled Rack of Lamb, olive crushed potatoes, baby zucchini ( paired with I&G Finish ) - again, simple yet full of flavor and the beer was amazing.  The GF had a hard time with the rareness of the lamb - good, more for me !Course five - Sticky toffee pudding ( matched with Melville fruit beer )  - for this being his "signature" dessert and i've seen rave reviews about it,  I can't lie - didn't care for it.  i actually was surprised what it looked like ( never had before ) - to me it looked and tasted like an upside down bran muffin.  I was expected a little jug of toffee sauce to pour over the muffin and ice cream - i guess not.  I simply didn't understand the dessert.  The beer had a fresh berry flavor to it - not bad, just not sure it complimented the dessert.Overall, I thought it was a decent effort with the theme being fresh, quality ingredients that were not stifled by seasoning.Most importantly, the GF was very pleased.pics attached
3	Seated immediately for lunch. Service is good. Fish & Chips had three great pieces of fish $25. Chips average.
1	Really? This restaurant bears the name of Gordon Ramsey? Actually, more closely resembles Amy's Baking Kitchen. How can he have any credibility judging and criticizing the food of others when his establishment serves such horrible food?Now I wanna say that the service was excellent and the staff very warm. Drinks were large as they should be for the price. Apps were okay. Onion soup was awesome and vegetable salad solid. But the entrees were absolutely horrible. I had the pork belly and could only get through a  bite. It was too fatty and oily, without flavor! I'm shocked that for the money and considering all the great good alternatives, how can this place stay in business? Should have just gone to Nobu and spent $50 more!
4	I have been there twice so far this year and each time it was great!  I was alone so I sat at the bar.  The bartenders were very attentive even though they were swamped with a full restaurant and people waiting in line to get in.  I had the beef cheek sandwich with their home made chips on my first visit.  It was a great sandwich but I had never tasted beef cheek and did not really like the flavor but still finished it.  Their home made chips and onion dip were great.  My next visit I had the fish and chips.  Plenty of fish, very light and flaky well seasoned but not too much.  I recommend both dishes.  There are plenty of places to eat in Vegas as we all know, I recommend at least one visit here.  I'm sure I will go back again as a favorite.  I like the fact that if you are a Harrah's Rewards member you get a couple bucks off on the price and it's listed clearly in the menu.  Great job Chef Ramsey !!
4	Brianna saved your reputation.   Not only is she a phenomenal server, knowledgeable about beers, cocktails, food, she accepted some feedback on the short rib/cheek sandwich (first half tough and included gristle).   I didn't know how the sandwich was supposed to taste until the second half.   Then it was awesome.   She took the feedback graciously and took care of it.   Another great GR restaurant!
2	I was disappointed in this restaurant. I realize that it's pub food, but still. I think that, like everyone has said, Gordon Ramsay needs to come back and whip the ex Hell's Kitchen winner back into shape. We made a reservation for 1 pm and we wound up missing one of our people. We told our waiter that we were just going to order/eat without him, and it took so long for him to take our orders. My fiance liked the bangers and mash, the fish and chips were a little sour tasting (weird). If you go, you should order the duck poutine, that was the best thing!
1	I have never been more disappointed in my LIFE!!! my first experience was so amazing I am now this thinking I imagined the the whole thing.  We were a party of 7 with reservations and we were completely forgotten about..... yes forgotten.... I guess other dinners were more deserving of our food. After 2 hours of being nice and waiting we all snapped and were ready to go. Our imcompentent waiter seemed surprised when we said we were tired of waiting of....REALLY???!!!!! if he had done his job we would have spent a fortune on alcohol while waiting but he didn't do that right either.  The only good thing he did was tell the manager we were leaving who had enough common sense to stop by and did comp what we did get while waiting.  We left and the tip is we should have gone somewhere else. The hubby wanted to stop later in the week for a drink I said NEVER AGAIN for any reason. I would not Wang 7 people to walk out and also being platinum and diamond total reward members.....I have been telling everyone and writing lots about my trip isn't there a saying about telling two people who tell two people and so on.......all I can say is don't waste your time or money.
5	How "Grimaldis" gets more stars than this place makes about as much sense as the federal budget.  Excellent tasting food. Excellent service.  Excellent atmosphere.  Drinks were excellent. Presentation excellent.
4	We enjoyed our dinner here. Pretzels and bread was good, salad was ok, Flat Iron Steak was solid, English Chips were great, and the Strawberry tart was outstanding!!! The wife's Fish and Chips were pretty good too! It was a bit touristy, but I liked the atmosphere.
3	As a Brit I take issue with their claim to be all things British - this is definitely an Americanised view of what British pub food would be.  American sports playing on the TVs, American decor etc.  That said, the music was certainly British and the food was top notch.  Very good service and good wine suggestions at decent prices, only minor criticism on the service being that we hadn't fished our starter by the time the main came out - they certainly like to move people in and out quickly.  We'd come again but not before we tried out other equivalent experiences.
3	I have visited Chef Ramsay's other restaurant in town Gordon Ramsay Steak several times so I had high expectations.  We got in without a reservation which was great. Service was just ok.  We are locals and the waiter honestly seemed more interested in finding out our opinion about the city such as houses and where to live as he was new in town.  He was friendly, however he didn't do very much as a server. Once we got our food he was pretty much gone.  The food was honestly a disappointment.  I ordered the Shepard's pie.  Gordon Ramsay is always talking about his Shepard's pie so I wanted something great.  What I got was eh...ok.  It really was just pot roast with severely undercooked crunchy semi-raw veggies topped with un seasoned mash potatoes.  Good idea but severely poorly executed.  The pot roast was super watery making the dish a big mushy mess.  Having ordered sticky toffee pudding from Gordon Ramsay Steak and absolutely loving it, I thought I would order it here and maybe find a possibly cheaper fix to my craving.  I was disappointed.  Sadly the pudding was overcooked and hard chewy on the outside and dry inside.  The place has a good concept, but the wait staff is lacking and the kitchen staff is lacking execution. Next time I want to an English Pub in Vegas, I'll head over to the Crown and Anchor on Tropicana.  A quarter of the price, and taste better.
1	Very disappointed. Sand in the scallops. Fish and chips - fish over-cooked. When told waiter, he said he would let know chef know. Came back and said no one else complained. I asked if he thought I was lying. Said no, but no one did anything. Not what I expected from a Gordon Ramsey restaurant. My family is English and I have had MUCH better fish and chips from our local take out in San Diego and a LOT cheaper!
4	My rating is really between a 3.5 and 4.  However --the service pushed up the ranking.  The flavors of the food were quite good --just a little salty.  My recommendation is to ask them to go light on the salt.  The waitress made some great recommendations of the scotch egg, the truffle potatoes, and a special mash potato they had.  The shepard pie was great --with the meat cooked perfectly.  The muscles were quite good.   My friends had a the chicken but thought it was good but salty.The liquor menu was great --with a terrific selection on tap.  I think I would have enjoyed this place more as a 'pub' with snack foods and drinks.. the dinner was good too... but i'd come back for the pub side.   Our waitress was phenomenal --she was helpful, attentive, and understood it was a special occasion and treated us well. She was funny and truly made the experience fun.
2	Well - I only write reviews in 2 instances:  1. the food and/or experience was totally awesome and would warrant a revisit.  or 2. the complete opposite - the food and/or experience was dismal and disappointing.  Sadly GR Pub and Grill was the latter. I am a huge GR fan and was very excited in trying Mr. Ramsay's inspired menu and experience his detail to service. We arrived around 1:15pm for lunch and waited for a few mins while waitstaff cleared a table.  The restaurant was only about 1/4-1/2 full (at best) and yet we still had to wait about 10mins before a waiter poured our water and asked for drink orders.  I ordered a Dark and Stormy and it was waaaay too heavy on the rum and was not served with lime.  To the server's credit - he was very apologetic - rushed to get me a second one.  #2 Dark and stormy was slightly better (less rum)  but still a sub-standard drink which did NOT warrant the $11 price tag.  Again not served with lime - I had to ask for them.  Not.a.great start.  So I thought 'ok -we are not here for drinks the food should really speak for itself'. We ordered the deviled eggs per the waiter's suggestion plus I LOVE deviled eggs. I was so psyched to see them on the menu.  I have been known to eat 8-10 in one seating but I digress. With all Mr. Ramsay's emphasis on simplicity - it was lost on this dish.  I thought it was interesting mix of flavors on paper but in reality there was too much going on between the vinegar, bacon and cheese.  Weird texture too with the bits of bacon. The worst was that the egg whites were too firm - like they had been sitting in the fridge for too long or were just pulled out and were not given enough time to soften a little. And the yolks simply did not taste fresh.  Perhaps I have been spoiled by farm fresh eggs.  Nevertheless I was disappointed.  Ah but the entree should be better - right?  Nope.  My lamb burger arrived cold.  Cold fries and cold burger. WTF?! Not only did we wait approximately 15-20mins for the entrees to arrive but the my entire meal was cold.  COLD!  Again the waiter was very apologetic and rushed a second burger out to me.  So this one was warmer but sadly it had absolutely No.taste. None. Could not tell it was lamb.  In Mr. Ramsay's words: BLAND!.  It was not seasoned.  I've had better tasting lamb in the local middle eastern restaurant here in Pittsburgh.  I cannot speak to my mother's dish because it contained gluten but she said her heirloom tomato sandwich was quite good.  So there was one bright spot.  Then again she admits that she really does not care about food e.g. tastes, flavors, experience as much as I do.  In conclusion, I had very high expectations for Mr. Ramsay's food and restaurant.  For the prices he charges I should have been WOWed.  Instead I left disappointed and very unhappy.  I do have to mention that the watier was thoughtful enough to offer a 20% employee discount which brought our lunch total to $59.02 but still a pricey sum for a sub-standard-will-not-return-to-lunch.  I would not recommend this place.  Sigh.  Happy Dining,KK Teh
5	Awesome restraunt. The atmosphere and decore are great. Even had to take a pic of the silverware :-) our waitress Brianna was GREAT!! She was very informative of food, beer and desert. I had the bangers and mash and my husband had fish and chips. The flavors of both were amazing. Would highly recommend this place. Great pick of Beers and the waitress even recommended one in which we are now fans of.. We will be back
4	We've eaten here twice so far (both times selecting from the grill menu) and each experience has been different. Speaking to others that have dined here, it seems that your experience depends a lot on the server that you get. Both times the food was outstanding, but our first visit was somewhat dulled by the lackluster performance of our server.Our first visit was a weekday afternoon. We arrived just before 5:00 and it wasn't that busy--plenty of empty seats. We were told it would be about 15 minutes--strange since there were plenty of tables available. The hostesses are dressed in some sort of strange/tacky newsprint style dress that really isn't flattering. It seemed like everyone except the hostesses were busy--they were mostly standing around at the front kiosk chatting with each other.It only took about 5 minutes to find us a table. The waiter stopped by after a few minutes, dropped off an iPad, and told us to order our drinks through it. No problem, except that it's for alcoholic drinks only and Brenda wanted an iced tea. BTW, you don't order off the iPad, you just browse--what a waste of a perfectly good paperweight. Brenda ordered the Braised Pork Belly with Sauteed Asparagus and I had the Filet Mixed Grill with sides of Creamed Spinach and Smashed Fingerling Potatoes. No starters, but we did snack on the delicious pretzel bread with butter and a cheese sauce. The cheese sauce was nothing spectacular, but the bread was warm and soft and went great with the English butter they brought out. From the time we placed our order until the food arrived was about 20 minutes.  Brenda's iced tea finally arrived after the meal was served. The pork belly was delicious--just the right amount of crispiness without being overdone. The asparagus was done to perfection as well. The lemon zest and thyme went perfectly with the sweetness of the asparagus. I had pork belly with my meal, but it just wasn't the same as Brenda's. It was a smaller piece and it seemed it was cooked just a bit too long. Still had the good flavor, but it was just a bit dry. The filet was OK, nothing to rave about, but at least when I ordered it mid-rare, it came that way. The shrimp weren't bad, but I just don't think you can get really fresh, good shrimp in Las Vegas. For me, the stars of the meal were the two sides. The creamed spinach with stilton cheese was perfectly seasoned and really complimented the flavor of the pork belly. The fingerling potatoes had black truffle with small chunks of British double cream. I could have eaten two servings of these. We finally got to see our waiter again when he brought us the check. He didn't ask if we wanted dessert or an after dinner drink. Small tip for this bozo. All in all, it wasn't a bad experience. The food was as good as we expected, but the front of house staff turned what should have been an enjoyable dining experience into a mediocre one.Our second visit was much better than the first. We made reservations for 6:30 on a Friday evening to take our friends out for dinner. We were greeted warmly and waited less than a minute for the next available hostess to take us to our table.. It was a nice table away from the bustle of the casino with deep, comfortable chairs. Our waiter was there almost immediately and we were given the menus along with the useless iPad.  We placed our drink orders and before they were there our waiter was ready to take our order.This visit we had two orders of the Braised Beef Cheek, one Fish and Chips, and I ordered the Grilled Rack of Lamb, replacing the olive oil crushed potatoes the great fingerling potatoes I had last time. Since we passed on starters, we continued snacking on the bread while we waited for the food to arrive. Very busy this night, but the staff didn't seem to be as disorganized as during our first visit. Like the last trip, the food was amazing and as before, Brenda picked the better meal. The beef cheeks simple melted in your mouth and the sauce was so rich and tasty, I wanted to dip some of my lamb rack into it. The plate of fish and chips was huge. The batter was crispy without overcooking the fish and the tarragon tartar sauce complimented it well. My lamb rack was cooked perfectly to a medium rare with a nice sear on the outside. The rosemary lamb sauce was tasty without having that overpowering rosemary flavor or odor. All during the dinner, the staff was attentive, refilling our drinks and water glasses. We definitely didn't suffer through the poor service we had the last time around.This trip we all had dessert and each picked something different to try. Steph had the Potted Triple Chocolate Trifle which she enjoyed, but couldn't finish because of her large portion of fish and chips. Joe had the Spotted Dog (a bread pudding) which was tasty and quickly devoured. Brenda, who loves rhubarb, had the Rhubarb Cobbler. I had the Sticky Toffee Pudding, which I first had at GR Steak, and it was just as good and a few bucks cheaper.
5	Wow..this place has GREAT service AND GREAT food.  I ordered the fish and chips, and they were DELICIOUS.  You can tell that the fish was high quality, and the fries were just amazing.  On top of that...I told my friend I really liked their pens and the server overheard me, and came back with multiple pens and told me to take them home w/ me.  So nice!
4	When it comes to British-themed gastropubs in the US, this is as good as it gets. Of course, it doesn't come anywhere close to Ramsey's original gastropubs, the Devonshire in Chiswick and the Narrow in Limehouse, London but that's not unexpected.The menu is a delightful mix of classic British pub favorites and simple seasonal dishes seasoned with a sense of humor; so, if you expect to find fine or upscale dining, you'll likely be disappointed. While the service is an odd mix of attitude, amateurishness, and friendliness, we did enjoy the large selection on tap and some very decent food. I found it silly that they won't let you sub a side dish on a $60 prix-fix that features ordinary dishes from the regular menu but life's too short to worry about that. Also, I'm not a fan of casual restaurants where there's no salt and pepper on the table - even though I'm very unlikely to actually salt my food, I'd like to have the option should I ever wish to do so. This practice has nothing to do with the food or the guests, it's all about the chef's ego. On the bright side, I found it very comforting to have European soccer on and enjoyed some kick-ass music playing. All in all, be open minded, come to Ramsay's Pub & Grill, don't expect a fine dining experience but rather enjoy a decent casual dinner, have a pint and have a laugh. Also, give yourself a break and stop imagining what GR would or wouldn't do if he were there for you might find you actually enjoy the experience for what it is. (And stop looking for the salt shaker already.)
5	Despite poor reviews, we went to Ramsey's pub and grill in Caesar's and we had the BEST time. Food, Fish and Chips and Scottish Salmon were delicious and cooked perfectly, service was fast, our waitress was bubbly and knowledgeable. We ordered coffee and got a full pot which has never happened before in any restaurant in Vegas. Great music and ambiance. We will definitely go back there.
5	Great shep pie. Burgers are very juicy. Great atmosphere.
4	Recently I found myself in Vegas for one night and could only get a hotel off-strip. I knew I wanted to come to Caesar's to play some craps that night so wanted to kill two birds with one stone. I was actually surprised at the beer selection and service. Sure the waiters wear some downright weird outfits, but were attentive and very nice. We both got the fish and chips and an Innis & Gunn. The fish was a little on the salty side but was actually pretty good. The chips could have been a little crispier, but again were better than expected. With the prices and all of the restaurants in Vegas I likely won't return, but was pleasantly surprised.I added a star for the bread basket that came out before our meals. It was stocked with soft pretzel rods, cheese dip, and a few other items and was pretty freakin awesome. It was perfect with our beers and would make an awesome appetizer with a few beers at the bar!
1	Had to walk out.  Sat waiting for drinks (even water).  The table we were sitting at wasn't big enough for kids, much less adults.  GR should be embarrassed.
1	When you think of Gordon Ramsay's reputation, you think of culinary excellence. This place delivered anything but. The food is horrifically bad. Of the 4 dishes, the food was bland, dried, cold (when it should have been hot) and beyond disappointing. The wait staff must have been trained by the Renaissance Festival circa 1980. Since when does a person go out to spend $30 a plate and be treated like they're wasting a servers time and beneath them? Here's a bit of advice, you can talk to me like Gordon Ramsay when you're writing my paycheck. But if I'm the one potentially giving you yours, don't give me any lip and don't act like an ass. To Gordon's Ramsay Pub and Grill staff: Piss off all of you!
3	Walked in for lunch on a whim while in Ceasars palace. Ordered a burger and scotch egg. The burger was of high quality but it wasn't anything that great. The scotch egg was just ok. They also have a very nice beer menu. Service was fast and friendly. Nice place to grab lunch and sit watching the people in the casino go by. I would drop in again to try something else sometime. Exact three star place.
4	I was there around 5 -6 month and we have the fried oyster, Caesar salad, pork chop and his famous Shepherd's Pie and everything was delicious.  If you want to hang out with your friend this is the place to be.  The food was kind of slow because they just open not to long ago, but when it come out it worth the wait.  The waiter was very friendly and keep checking on us if everything is ok.  I will check this place out again in a couple of month when in in Vegas.
5	Loved it. The pub chips with onion dip was fantastic as was the cheese dip with pretzel bread. My wife and I split the fish and chips and it was still more food than we could finish. Oh and the fish was battered crispy and melt in your mouth inside. Our server, Ali, was pleasant and knowledgable. He checked often and the service was fantastic all around.
4	The restaurant is in Caesars palace and is a combination pub, higher end restaurant.  The food was great; ambience was excellent.  the beer choice was great. I loved that they used an ipad per table to allow you to investigate the beers.
4	The Pub Lamb Burger at Gordon Ramsay's Pub & Grill is one of the best burgers I've ever had.   It comes with feta or goat cheese (I had the goat...  goat w/ lamb) and it was really simple and very good.  The lamb wasn't overly seasoned, which resulted in a straight-forward, fresh tasting burger.   I substituted a green salad for the fries, which was great, but another guy at the table had the fries and raved about them.  Great, friendly service and a nice atmosphere - noisy but you'd expect that being in a casino.
3	I had lunch here yesterday.   While this Date cake/ caramel dessert was very good!!! My burger was just okay.... I have had better hamburgers and was a little disappointed.  It tasted more like a chuck burger and was not that good.The warm pretzel bread appetizer was good.  THe french fries were better than the hamburger............ I thought this place was known for their burgers so that is why I got one, I ate half of it and didn't really like it that much.This place is OKAY but not phenomenal.Wait staff was attentive but sloppy.  After the pretzel appetizer they took both our knives and forks and then brought the entree and no utensils?? Had to wait about ten minutes till he came back to ask him to bring us utensils.
3	I had the bangers & mash. I thought  it was delicious. It was... well a stereotypical man's dish. Meat and potatoes. Very simple, very good. The sausage was perfectly cooked and the sauce/gravy went well with the mashed potatoes that also tasted really good.However....... was it worth 20 bucks? Probably not. The rest of our party had a bunch of various dishes. I remember the pub beef burger being a popular one among our group. No one really seemed blown away by it. Again 20 bucks. I got the notion that a burger at Smashburger might be around the same caliber as the ones my friends were eating judging by their reactions when eating.The duck confit poutine was OK. It was interesting, but there was definitely a lot more fries and cheese than any duck. I wish there was more duck since it actually tasted decent.The bottom line here: the food is 'good', but not really worth it. The ambiance is nice, but the service is also hit or miss. Pretend you're that guy at a busy bar trying to order a drink for you and your friends. It's hard to get the bartender's attention right? That's probably what you're going to feel like when you try and get your waiter/waitress' attention.I think knocking 50% off the menu prices would be appropriate for the food that you'll be eating. Gordon Ramsay is a baller chef, but since he's not actually cooking the food, I have no problem dissing the restaurant and saying it's not worth the price.
1	Service was atrocious, our waiter, ALI only showed up at our table when we got his attention.  Gave us the wrong bill (much higher than ours).  It was the first time I have had to give less than 20%.  I ordered the scallops and they had a ton of sand in them.  Will NEVER go  back.
4	Had the truffle French fries & some drinks at bar. Very friendly bartenders
2	Hostess didnt take our name just said come back in 45min because we didn't bring our phone. Came back she forgot said it would be 25 min and we said it was her that didnt take our name and funny enough we got a table immediately. ..Server was rude..got our onion soup before drinks..Soup was lacking any real flavour. Ordered the chicken breast with peas and onions and salami or duck? Something was substituted as we asked about what appeared to be bacon. .Flat iron steak had little flavour the side mustard was good and breadsticks good. Sticky toffee well I've had a lot better for way cheaper.. oh ya .funny enough my food was served on cold plates..practice what you preach.
1	Gordon Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares? Try "You Don't Know From a Nightmare Until You've Sat at Your Own Bar, Gordon Ramsay."We went to Gordon Ramsay's Pub and Grill this evening to watch the NBA Playoffs. Things started off well enough--we though the fish and chips were a bit greasy and way overpriced, and the french fries tasted burnt, but this was our first time at this restaurant, so we just thought that they were prepared strangely. When someone next to us was served the same dish, we realized that our french fries HAD been burned beyond all recognition.We were having a fun time with the bartenders--lots of laughing and jokes. However, one of the bar backs, Antoine, followed my girlfriend when she went to the bathroom. Antoine, is a large, menacing character, and she was not comfortable with his aggressive behavior. When she came back from the bathroom, he came out from the back and handed her his phone number. Later, he said, "You better not have thrown that number away. You better call me or you can't ever come in here again."At the end of the evening, one of the bartenders, Keith, put two drinks in front of us that we did not order, and said, "Try this." We assumed that he wanted us to try a new drink he was working out--we are very familiar with bars, and it wouldn't be the first time that a bartender had asked us to try his drink. I did not care for mine, so I wasn't drinking it. When Antoine came out again, he said, "What's wrong?" I said that I did not like it. Antoine then proceed to PICK UP MY DRINK, DRINK OUT OF THE STRAW, AND PUT THE DRINK BACK IN FRONT OF ME. I sat, mouth agape with incredulity astounded by his presumptuousness, and all I could manage to utter was, "I don't want that." He then took the drink and said, "I can't drink this out here, but I will take it in the back. Thanks for the drink!" I have never seen anything like this. As I type this, I still cannot fathom that a server (or any other human being) would drink out of a stranger's drink. IN WHAT WORLD IS THIS ACCEPTABLE?!?!? Especially in the context of a server and a customer. My head almost exploded. I supposed that it is fortuitous that I was intimidated by Antoine because that spared everyone from me causing a scene.I called immediately after leaving the restaurant/bar. When I asked to speak to the manager, the hostess who answered the phone said, "Sure! What's your name, Hun?" I am a doctor and a college professor. "Hun?" What year is this?When I spoke the the manager, there was no greeting on the phone, he just said, "Zeus." It took a few seconds for me to understand that he was actually stating his name, and I wasn't transferred to the wrong number. When I told Zeus the story, his response was, "So, I don't understand--are you saying that Antoine threatened you?" Hopeless--these people are all so hopeless. Zeus assured me that he would take our last two drinks off of the bill and tell the regional manager about Antoine's behavior. I am not really sure how that is an appropriate response to this horrific situation. So, I guess we won't be returning to Gordon Ramsay's Pub and Grill, because my friend has no interest in calling Antoine--she couldn't afford to pay for all of his drinks all night anyway.
4	Went to Gordon Ramsay Pub for lunch on a Saturday when I had a bunch of buddies in town.  Service was fantastic.  To start, we had the deviled eggs and sliders.  I had both dishes before, and they didn't disappoint.  One guy proclaimed the sliders the best burger he had eaten.  They are perfect in composition and execution, you get every ingredient in every bite.  They are consistent as well.  Our table ordered a second helping....To eat, I had fish and chips and part of the short rib/beef cheek sandwich.  The sandwich was legit, had a little spice to it, and the meats were very tender.  Likewise, the fish and chips were fantastic, although the fries are a little thick for my taste.  I realize this is classic for this dish, I just prefer skinnier fries.  The fish and chips may seem expensive at around $26, but you get a LOT of food.  Very large pieces of fish, and the breading can stand up to vinegar or the homemade tartar sauce.  Both entrees are definite repeats.For dessert, I recommended the sticky toffee pudding.  This is the 2nd time I've had it (we ordered 2 servings, like with the sliders), and I still say it may be the best dessert I've eaten.  We had people eating the caramel sauce out of the small pitcher it comes in.  This dessert is moist, yet a little crunchy.  The ice cream and sauce complement it very well.  A must order.Good beer selection, and knowledgeable servers.  This is an excellent place to get a casual bite while at Caesars.
1	We went to GR's P&G this afternoon for lunch and, I won't ask forgiveness for being blunt, this place was absolutely terrible and the only black mark on an otherwise perfect tour of Vegas' fantastic dining experiences. I must also say that we have very forgiving natures when it comes to restaurants, and that neither of us are food snobs; we simply like good food, whether it's from a proper gastro-pub or from a fine restaurant. This of course was neither. I ordered the little sliders (I forget already what they called them, having all day tried to repress the memories). I don't mind paying good money for good food or for good quantities. These sliders fit none of those descriptions. Each was as small as a silver dollar, greasier than anything from a proper pub, and to be quite honest flavourless save for the strong garlic butter the came with. A "plate" of three of them cost 14 dollars. The "chips" were greasier than a fast food place, were not crisp, and flavourless to match the sliders. These little greese-bars were nine dollars alone. My charming companion tried the shepherd's pie. Being the verbally generous thing she is, she could only say that the dish wasn't terrible. A 22 dollar bowl of tripe is not what you'd expect from a fancy chef's establishment. Having tasted the pie myself, I could not be so forgiving in my description as her, nor could I really come up with something intelligent and so instead made, I think, an awkward face upon tasting it. The one thing I will say was pleasant was the service. The hostess was very friendly, and the server was rather attentive and pleasant. This, combined with the fact we were terribly hungry when we arrived, was the only thing stopping us from walking out. Again, I must point out that I am not snobbish when it comes to food. This place was terrible for cheap food, let alone for something this expensive. In our time at Vegas, I have eaten fantastic burgers at "I Heart Burger", "The Grand Lux Cafe", and KGB (Kerry's Gourmet Burgers" . . . Each of these phenomenal burgers were cheaper than my tiny little sliders and had flavors I cannot even describe. If you feel the need for a good burger, I would recommend any of those. I feel I must end this review on a positive remark . . . their little symbol of the Union Flag within an English Bulldog was cute.
1	It is a shame how truly disappointing this restaurant was. We purposely made a 5 p.m. reservation because we had our baby with us and were celebrating Father's Day. On two separate occasions I called the restaurant to confirm that we could bring the baby. Upon our arrival at 4:50 p.m., the hostess snarkily told us to come back at 5 p.m., the time of the reservation, and we would be seated. Ouch! Mind you, there were tables everywhere but we did as we were told. Once seated, our baby was sleeping and would have remained asleep had our waiter not taken it upon himself to move her stroller from where the hostess told us we could park it. From the get go, our server was visibly irritated that we would have the audacity to bring a baby to this restaurant. From there it went from bad to worse. Here are some highlights... the food (corn soup, English peas) was not even warm; anytime we asked for anything (a straw, a glass of cranberry juice, an oyster fork) we never got it; HORRIBLE service combined with lackluster food does not justify a $256 price tag. When the manager asked how our experience was we were honest and told him and he responded by offering free dessert which we took to go. The one menu item I'd recommend is the sticky toffee pudding.
2	Sadly, I have to give Gordon Ramsay's Pub and Grill at Caesars Palace, Las Vegas, a less than stellar review. I can only muster the kindness to give this restaurant two stars.  I must admit, that were my rating based solely on my latest dining experience there, I would give the restaurant three stars, and, had I based my review solely on my first dining experience there, I would have given four stars.  I'm sure that you will ask, "How does the average of 3 and 4 equal two?"  The answer: disappointment.This will sound silly, but bear with me.  The reason I returned to P&G after my first visit is also the reason I will not return: potatoes.  Specifically, two potato dishes: the Potato Puree and the Pub Fries.  These were not ordinary mashed potatoes and French fries.  These were a demonstration of what a potato can taste  like if a fine-dining approach is taken when preparing ordinary dishes.  Every now and again you taste a dish and experience it for the first time all over again.  Such was my experience with the fries and mashed potatoes at P&G.  They made me feel that, as a foodstuff, potatoes have much more potential that I had previously imagined.  The key to their french fries was the cooking technique: thick-cut potato planks, steamed, then lightly coated in seasoned flour, then deep-fried, then baked.  The result:  a hearty potato plank with a crispy outer crust that created the perfect seal to keep steam inside.  When you cut into them, you discovered a steamy, flaky potato meat.  These fries did not need any condiments whatsoever, and highlighted how good a potato can taste if treated properly The mashed potatoes had a beautiful flavor.  The fluffy peaks of this dish were topped off with a drizzle of a chive infused olive oil that exploded in your mouth, filling your entire palette with the aroma of garden-fresh chives.  The key to this explosion was temperature of the potatoes: served piping hot.On my second visit, I ordered these two side dishes again.  This time, the Pub Fries were plain, old french fries, and slightly soggy at that.  The mashed potatoes were a salty, gluey concoction that someone had tried to repair by thinning it out with copious amounts of cream and butter.  They were served cold.  Other highlights of the evening: arrived at 7:15pm and checked in for my 7:15pm reservation.  The hostess forgot to check me in, and when I made eye-contact with her every time she seated a walk-in customer before me, she quickly looked away and left the podium.  I approached a different hostess and was seated right away.  I ordered the seared scallops: scallops were seared on one side only. They were served in a bland seafood broth, with carrots, and artichoke hearts.  Not flavorful at all.  I ordered an espresso with dessert and it arrived cold.  The chocolate mousse trifle was sensational, though.At any rate, I believe that what happened to this restaurant is not  so much carelessness on the part of its founder or staff.  It is a reaction to the caliber of the customer.  I spoke to the manager about the food, and he admitted that they had to change some recipes because their customers did not see the value in waiting extra time for french fries to be cooked three ways or for mashed potatoes to be prepared to order.  So, they have turned from their fine-dining philosophy to a food-mill philosophy: crank out orders.And that is where the disappointment lies.  P&G once provided a fine-dining take on British pub fare.  It now caters to the lowest common denominator and provides tourists a place to grab a quick bite and gain some bragging rights: "I went to Vegas and ate at Gordon Ramsay's.  You know?  That guy from TV?"Sadly, the Gordon Ramsay on TV is no longer anywhere to be found at P&G.  The Gordon Ramsay on TV preaches fine ingredients,  food prepared to perfection, good seasoning, good service, consistency, and, above all, passion and pride.  Where is the pride to be found when you don't stand by your food, and, instead, you cut corners to ramp up production.Sorry, that's not fine-dining.  That's a factory.  I'll gladly drop $20 at Applebee's for factory food.  Not $200 at Gordon Ramsay's.
4	So the winner of season 11 of Hell's Kitchen will be the head chef of this restaurant. Perhaps that is why the restaurant seems to have hit or miss reviews right now. The show finished filming awhile ago so the new head chef has already been chosen, but they can't be seen at the restaurant since that would give away the ending of the show. Having an absentee head chef certainly can't be helping. Even though overall I had a good dining experience, the restaurant was not without its rough edges.We showed up around 9pm without reservations, but were able to get seated on the restaurant side almost immediately. They put our party of 5 at a table for 4. There were plenty of other tables, but we were told they had all been reserved. Of course they remained empty the rest of the night (we were there until closing) despite a post show rush right after we arrived. This was annoying, but pretty common for Las Vegas as almost no one charges a reservation no show fee.Our server was pretty awesome. He was funny and really knew the food. Pretty much everyone working there was great from the hostess to the runners. The one big exception was one particularly sour runner. When she brought our starters I told her I did not have a fork and she snapped "well, then I'll bring you one" at me. She then brought me 3 forks and four knives. I shrugged this off as maybe a poorly executed attempt at humor. Later on, one of our party asked her for more bread, a fairly common request at a restaurant and one that other reviewers made with no difficulties, but she reacted with shock and began to tell us that wasn't allowed. Before she could finish, she cut herself off and said she would let the server know. Maybe she did, but I doubt it since we just saw her go off to the back while our server was elsewhere in the restaurant helping put some smaller tables together for a big group since heaven forbid they actually seat someone at one of the reserved tables that obviously weren't coming. When they brought out our entrees, she didn't bring mine and asked me what I ordered. After I told her she went to get it and plooped it down in front of me before walking away without a word. I guess that's what I get for asking for a fork.The food was excellent all around, although the menu seemed too small. We later found out that the menu was once nearly twice the size, but they trimmed it down to just the most popular items. In my humble opinion, they went a bit too far with the trimming. The small plates (appetizers) menu now only has 5 choices and 3 of them are cold seafood items. There were 5 seafood items and 8 meat items (actually 7 since the beef cheeks were not available the evening we dined). There may or may not have been an entree sized salad since the menu did not differentiate them. The most expensive salad was only $4 more than the salad I had as a starter so I don't think it was entree size.For starters I had the Herb Caesar Salad. The server warned that it came with "a lot" of anchovies which I was OK with, but it turns out it just came with one small anchovy. It was a good, if not particularly memorable salad. Another member of our party ordered the smashed potatoes and sauteed asparagus as her starters. They are technically sides, but none of the other starters interested her so she ordered them as starters. I thought the potatoes were good, but the asparagus was just OK for me. Another member of our party ordered the Pub "Spots" which are described as sliders on the menu, but the name "Spots" is a better description. They were very good, but also very small. You could finish the whole plate in 3 bites. We also had two members of our party order soups which they said were delicious, but I didn't get a chance to try.For entrees, my friend and I each had a shepherd's pie. Since we were both quite hungry we were a little disappointed at how small it looked, but looks can be deceiving. The little pot they are served in is quite deep and there is a decent amount of food in there. I ended up completely satisfied and can say that this was the best shepherd's pie I have ever had. I also got to try the Scottish Salmon, rib eye steak, and the rack of lamb. All three were delicious. The rack of lamb in particular stood out because I love lamb, but am weary about ordering it in restaurants because often the portions are on the small side. The lamb here is a very hearty portion. Of course for dessert I had to try the sticky toffee. It was delicious. I can see why it is Gordon Ramsay's signature dessert. My friend ordered the chocolate trifle. We shared both desserts with the whole table and while the trifle was OK, the sticky toffee disappeared far quicker.So overall I had a great experience except for the one bitter food runner. I could see myself coming back, but unless they expand that menu a bit I don't think I would come that often.
4	Food is good. It is kinda expensive. Service was great! Did not like the French onion soup.. It was very sweet! Overall enjoyed it. :)
1	Perhaps their slogan should be "We garnish our salt with food".  We all 5 ordered different dishes and all had the same bloated feeling halfway through our meals.  The onion soup was laden with so much salt we couldn't even get through it.  All woke up the next day looking like the Goodyear Blimp - puffy eyes etc.I'm a Brit and sadly his menu didn't even come close to a "pub".  In all fairness, I don't even think he wrote the menu. Their host staff look as though they have been stuffed into fish and chip wrappers. Completely unflattering dresses.Come on people, a pub should be the easiest restaurant to get right, but you tried too hard and you got this one wrong.
5	The less than stellar reviews on Yelp made us very wary and lowered our expectations sufficiently much before visiting the restaurant. We ordered the corn soup and crab salad which were both very very tasty. The fish and chips was perfectly cooked, with fries done the proper English way (not the American Mcdonalds way). It was a little weird to find green peas on the plate of fish and chips, but whatever, it worked.Also, we told our waiter that we were sharing all 3 dishes, and he took the initiative to split all our orders. Awesome or what?I'd say that this is authentic English pub food but at Gordon Ramsay prices.
5	I went to Vegas for my birthday last week and it was a great experience. My party of 3 had really great service and the food was fantastic. From the wonderful white wine that the waiter suggested to the warm bread sticks with cheese sauce to the braised beef cheek. The atmosphere was wonderful and comfortable. And the price was reasonable. When I go back to Vegas again I will be dining there for sure.
4	I did not know what to expect coming here... but I was definitely satisfied with what I had. More than satisfied!I wanted to try the poutine... but they were out :( Me sad.I ordered the fish and chips as an entree, and the table ordered the pretzels with cheese dip, deviled eggs, and sliders to share. I got to try every appetizer, and they were all delicious. Except the cheese was a little gritty. I like my cheese sauce smoother... but the flavor was pretty good.My fish and chips were so good! Well, mostly the fish because the chips were big, fat potato pieces that are fried... pan fried? Haha I'm not a big fan of thick fries, I like them a little thinner and crispier. But the fish was flaky, crispy, moist, and fresh af. MMMMmmm and my bf ordered the pork belly.... omg............. It was SOO delicious. It's very rich, fatty, melty in your mouthy, and maybe a little too salty but overall it was really bomb. I don't think I could finish one by myself, so I'm glad I got to try his :)DESSERT: Sticky toffee pudding - ORDER IT! It's soooo decadent, warm, caramel-y, gooey, and sticky, and topped with ice cream = heaven.
4	We received a gift card from our friends to try this restaurant.  I had seen this pub at Caesars and wanted to try it because of Gordon Ramsay.  the reviews didn't look to complimentary, but I still wanted to try.  I thought the restaurant was really good.  We ordered pretzels with dipping sauces for appetizers.  They were good.  Three kinds of favors and two dipping sauces.  My 5-year old son loved the sliders and fries. My wife ordered the signature hamburger, but it was built more for a large man with a hunger for lots of beef.  Just ok for a burger.We also ordered fish and chips and the short rib and cheek sandwich.  The fish was really good.  The short rib and cheek sandwich was awesome.  I put some of the garlic mayo on it and it was a fabulous sandwich.  Large enough to fill you up, tender enough to keep eating !Don't believe the salty comments.  Nothing was salty, we actually asked for salt and pepper.Staff is excellent.  Fries are not that good.  If these are English fries, they should do them American style.
5	WOW!Amazing and attentive service. Very cool and chill atmosphere. Our server gave us a free drink because (although we didn't ask) her recommended app was not mafist-friendly (people who don't eat mammals... its a real thing, look it up!). My friend's beef main was incredible, I really enjoyed the fish and chips, this was a dining highlight in Las Vegas which should not be missed!
4	Very good pub food. Had the Pub Spots, Deviled Eggs and Crisps I recommend this place.
2	I had high expectations for this place.  Maybe after having dinner at the London restaurant in West Hollywood, I expected more from a Gordon Ramsay restaurant.  We arrived a bit early to our reservation and the hostess treated us as if we had just slapped her mother.  When I sheepishly asked if we could get a drink at the bar while we waited, she flippantly said we could but that she wouldn't be assisting us with a table until our reservation time.  So we got a drink.  2 Vodka Red Bulls, 1 Black & Tan, 1 Heineken and 1 Iced Tea...for $60?!?  Regardless, I realized we were going to a well named chef's restaurant and I tend to be prepared for inflation...but that was a rough way to start out.Once it was time for our reservation, I went back to the hostess booth and was pleasantly surprised to find someone new.  Fortunately for us, this new girl didn't hate life in the same way and was kind enough to sit our group.3 of our group ordered the Fish & Chips.  1 ordered the scallops and I, in an attempt to try as much as I could, ordered the Filet mixed grill.  As a starter, I ordered the corn soup and my wife the heirloom tomato salad.The Starters...incredible.  My soup was fantastic and the tomato salad even better.  We loved the pretzel bread the brought out and all were very excited for our main courses.Main courses...mine sucked...well I should say...the fish & chips DIDN'T suck.  My friend's scallops were good, but they were sitting in a bowl of broth.  There really wasn't much to the dish....except a $32 price tag.  Then came my mixed grill.  The shrimp were WAY over cooked.  Rubber Shrimp.  The Steak was cooked nicely and the Pork Belly had great flavor, but under all 3 items was a sauce...all of which were horrible.  The shrimp had a white puree that was completely pointless.  Under the pork belly was a horrible pea green baby food that didn't taste like much but made the food unappetizing.  Lastly under the filet was a poor rendition of a tomato based barbecue type sauce.  On top of it all, when I ordered my meal the server asked "Ok and what side would you like"  which I assumed meant that I was supposed to choose.  I asked him his recommendation and ordered the asparagus.  Not only were they completely boiled and tasteless...they were only there to add $10 (Yes TEN DOLLARS for boiled asparagus.) Brutal.All in all, I struggle to not give it 1 star, but the fish & chips were good and the appetizers were nice...so I'll give it 2.  Regardless of how many stars, we will not return to this restaurant.
2	Easy review: Point of view: middle class income. & Local of the Las Vegas area. Pros: 1. different, not American style food2. New experience3. Nice theme and set up4. Food very hot on arrivalCons:1. Overpriced 2. Way overpriced 3. Portions very small for price4. Slow service, waited 20mins to order.5. Found bone in meat pie. (Scary,Easily could of choked, thankfully found it.)6. Not very well lite, very dark. 7. Menu to small8. Ipad menus would freeze and very slow. 9. Over priced10. Wanted a steak, but it was 69$!!! Nty!!!Would I return? NoWould I recommend? NoI do recommend Gordon Ramsey's Burger @ planet holleywood. Half the price and flavors are amazing!!!!!! And American style food with amazing fresh different ingredients! Well worth it. Pub and grill has a long way to go!! Good luck chef.
4	The atmosphere is welcoming and the seating comfortable. We were seated promptly by a courteous hostess. Then the 15 minute wait, did not see the server until sfter i spoke to the hostess. Soon after the server appeared and the over the top bowing/scraping began. This was a trial after the first apology. This is the main reason 4 vs. 5 stars.The food was especially tasty. The deviled eggs were scrumptious; the fish and chips perfection; the bangers and mash extremely tasty, and the sticky toffee pudding very well done. Will come again and look forward to the visit.
1	Bad food, horrible service, long wait times, & not worth the price.  We waited an hour to get a table.  I ordered the corn soup.  After waiting 25 minutes, it came out lukewarm.  The flavor combination was odd, and the temperature didn't help.  I sent it back.  My wife ordered the three blend sliders (pub spots) and I ordered the Jidori chicken breast.  Our waitress didn't know what kind of meat was in the sliders.  They were bland and so was the chicken breast...no seasoning at all.  We could only eat half of our meals because of the bland taste.  The only good part of this meal was the sticky toffee pudding.  $82 later, we walked out very disappointed.  We won't be going back.
2	Food is average, service is slow, way overpriced. Waited 20 minutes to be seated, waited another 15 minutes for anyone to come for a drink order. People that were seated after us had already ordered food, before we even spoke to a waiter.  Burger was average, fries were cold. Fish and chips, fish was overcooked and dry. One piece was so salty, couldn't eat. I have had better food at a fast food joint, and paid ALOT less. It's obvious Ramsay cares only about the money he makes. If this restaurant had to rely on repeat business, it would be closed in a year. Only bright spot was sticky toffee desert.
4	The food was amazing but not so much for the service. The server didn't know anything about the wine on the menu. She also forgot to bring the oysters before the entrees. When she brought them after we finished our meals, she brought 1/2 dozen instead of a dozen (which was the actual order)... However, she didn't ruin our evening since the food (we had a rack of lamb, trio of meats) was heavenly!
5	My husband and I were in Las Vegas for a work-cation in the beginning of June. and we went to all three Ramsay's restaurants.  I'd say we are both "amateur" foodies, but we will go out of our way for good food, never fast food.  The food was great, and a vey ample selection of beer, wine and drinks to choose from- that thankfully they condensed by using an iPad- making it much easier to navigate than a bulky menu.We shared the duck confit, my husband ordered the beef short rib and cheek sandwich, and I had the fish and chips.  The duck was so tender and sweet, no gamey after taste at all.  My husbands sandwich looked beautiful and the small piece he shared with me tasted wonderful, my fish was amazing.  It was so light and wasn't greasy.  (A silly side note... the ketchup is AMAZING- and I normally hate ketchup)I've seen other reviews saying it's expensive or that they had long wait times or that portion sizes aren't huge....  my husband is a decent sized guy, 6'5" and a good 250 lbs and his meal was enough to satisfy.  I am much smaller and almost never can finish my plate, but I could finished this one and we both had room for the BEST dessert ever.... the Sticky Toffee Pudding is definitely a recommendation.  I, personally, appreciated that it wasn't an over sized portion.  Mainly because I hate not finishing my plate and not having any place to store leftovers (our room didn't have a fridge).  The price was on par with all things Vegas in my opinion (at least on the strip).  For the food, the experience and the atmosphere are worth it.
4	Ran in for a quick lunch at the bar while waiting for Absinthe tickets.  The bartender wasn't much of a talker, but service was good.  I just got the burger, which came with fries.  Cooked well but could have better seasoned.  Fries were tasty.
4	We were passing through Ceasars palace and saw Ramsey's place and decided to try it for lunch.  I give it 4 stars but be advised its based only on what we ate - the burger.  I can't speak for any of the other food.   The burger is really good!  Perfectly seasoned, moist and the smokieness of the smoked apple bacon was perfect.  Fries are amazing too.  Thick, fresh cut, and potatoey.  If you want a good burger, this is the place.  Service is excellent too.  My wife and I shared the burger and the waiter kindly had it split up for us.  He was honest up front and told us it was big enough to share.  Give it a try for lunch if you are there.
2	I had pretty high expectations for my dinner, because my friend who took me just raved about.  Like many other yelpers I read on here, we had to remind the hostess several times we were still waiting for our table even though we had a reservation.  As for the service, our server was a doll, really I liked the guy and he had a great knowledge of the menu, but the restaurant moved at a glacial pace.  For one it took a long time for them to just take our orders.  As an appetizer I got the shrimp salad, which was very good and came pretty fast.  For dinner I got the Sheppard's Pie, and our entrees took a long long time to arrive, I didn't time it, but it was very obvious.  My pie, was ok, very salty, nothing I would really say wowed me (or was worth the hefty $23 price).  Dessert we had Sticky Toffee pudding, a personal favorite of mine and it was the best part of the meal.  It was very delicious.  My husband had the fish and chips, which he liked, but thought was overpriced ($30).  He also had the corn soup, which was very good he said.  Overall, I would say go, but expect to be at dinner 2 plus hours, so if you have show tickets or somewhere to be, make an early reservation, because this place is slow.  I also think the prices are a bit hefty for pub grub.  If I went again I would just get an appetizer and dessert, because I found the main dishes disappointing and expensive.
5	Excellent!!
1	Food was ok, but the service was awful. We asked for lemon with our water on the first and infrequent visit by our server and asked again at water delivery only to wait 10 minutes more. My wife is pregnant and when ordering a lemonade he actually chuckled. Entrees arrived and the server was no where to be found to see if we had what we needed. Turns out my steak wasn't delivered with a steak knife so I asked the guy who I'd seen make 4 rounds and figured was the manager, even though he never actually talked to any of the tables, for a knife since I couldn't seem to find my actual server. 5 minutes later I had what I needed to eat my meal. No doubt that the lack of service starts at the top. Like I said, food was ok, but way overshadowed by the lack of service. I would figure that a Ramsey restaurant would pride themselves on that front but i figure Gordon is too busy with TV shows and opening a plethora of joints while his stock is worth anything. Great corn soup with crab, smashed fingerlings are awesome, just wish the staff wasn't disaffected like their attire.
5	By the yelp rating I really didn't know what to expect but I love Gordon Ramsay and often watch his shows (Hells kitchen and Master chef) and I can not imagine him allowing his name on a terrible restaurant so I decided to give it a try.This place did not disappoint! I had the best time and have NO complaints because the FOOD and the SERVICE was absolutely great. If I lived in Las Vegas I would definitely be eating here at least once a week. For sure next time I'm in town I will be stopping by.
4	Overall, the food here is GREAT. My only complaint is the same as many before me.LUNCH -  It took so long to get our food during lunch. It was about 2pm and we all ordered salads and soups, only to have to wait about an hour to eat a morsel of food. The drink I ordered, The Pub Crawl, which was delicious, took at least 30 minutes to get. The server said that was normal cause it had 7 steps to making it. UMN, no its not normal. I think he had too many tables and not enough help - he was running around the whole time. DINNER - Loved the food so much we came back a couple days later for dinner. This time my drink, same one as before, took less than 10 minutes to get. We had great service, and were taken care of. The opening bread pretzel sticks with dips are a highlight of the meal, just don't eat too many cause they are filling! My shepards pie was the bomb.  I would get that again next time and highly recommend it. *If you get a beer and don't finish it you get a cute plastic Pub cup to go. Great little trip memento to bring home.
4	Oh Sir Ramsay! (Has he been knighted yet? Can I nominate him, if not?) You are the man! How can you not be? After the years of Kitchen Nightmares and traveling the back woods of America  to "fix" the restaurants and attempt to "educate" the restaurateurs...you learned some nifty little tricks. The aesthetics are sublime. The uniforms are admirable. The food is edible. The bartenders are knowledgeable. The beer selection is commendable. My palate said this...The corn soup was too sweet. But the "fish and chips" were perfection. So Mr. Ramsay I do have to say, sir, your television travels have paid off. After all, it is Las Vegas. If you build it, they will pay...$60 Fish & Chips, bowl of soup, cocktail and a beer.(It's three stars in reality, but I love Gordon Ramsay, so one star just for him)
5	This is no exaggeration, the best restaurant I have been to in a long time.  The food is incredible, in fact I can never haver another shepherds pie again, because it is all downhill from here, I will never eat food this good again.  Anyone who argues with a Gordon Ramsey recipe should be shot and pissed on.  There is not a clunker on the menu.And if you are lucky enough to have Taylor as your server you will not be disappointed.  Hands down the best service we've had in many many years.
2	Having been to Vegas many times for business and pleasure, I have had my share of good and bad eats. Reading the reviews - the Fish and Chips are "AMAZING," I am not sure where these people have had fish and chips before, or maybe the Chef forgot to drain the grease from the fish before plating - in any case - not impressed. Two of the Three Filets were a bit overcooked, and the Third Fillet was dripping with grease, which left a pool into my Mushy Peas.Service - meh. Typical Vegas, seat you when available, give you a beverage menu, return 10 mins later, take the beverage order, and if you are not ready to order your grub, then be ready to wait at least another 10-20 minutes to order when your beverages arrive. At one point I am pretty sure our Server was too concerned with her co-workers conversations instead of our table with empty glasses and dirty plates.Reccomendations if feeling the need to experience - the soft warm pretzel appetizer (best spicy mustard!), and the Pear Cider was a winner too!Our Bill for a party of Two (we shared) - Pretzel App, Fish and Chips, and 1 Pear Cider = $52.00Not worth it.
2	If you've got money to spend and a less than discriminating palate this is the place for you.  Look, I'm not saying it's bad but for $50 I expect better than bar food.  Just saying.  Fortunately for Gordon Ramsay most people in vegas are traveling on expense accounts.
5	My husband and I celebrated my birthday at the Pub and Grill today. We didn't have reservations and did not have to wait for a table ( we arrived about  12pm) . Our water glasses were filled right after we were seated and our waiter came in less than five minutes to show us the drink menu on the I Pad. Joe ( our waiter) suggested a beer for my husband who is not a beer drinker and he made an excellent choice. I had a Salted Caramel apple martini which was delicious. The drinks came promptly. Joe then came back and took our order remembering I was talking about having the fish and chips. The food came sooner than I expected. My husbands mussels and clams were done to perfection! My order of fish and chips was soooo good I ate everything! I even would have enjoyed a bigger portion of the mushy peas. Our table was bussed promptly and Joe asked if we wanted the Sticky toffe pudding for dessert......ummm YES! I even got a candle to blow out! Overall I would recommend trying this place out. Our waiter was attentive and made great suggestions...I am not a drinker by any means and I am usually too full to finish my dinner let alone have dessert....everything about our lunch was a wonderful experience! Chef would be pleased!
5	Service was on point and knowledgeable. I made a seat reservation, but arrived early and was seated. Had the pork belly which was amazing along with the sticky toffee pudding.
5	My husband and I just went to Pub & Grill this past weekend and had a WONDERFUL experience!  Our server (I believe his name was Roger) was absolutely incredible!  His service was not only top-notch, but he took time to explain some of the details of the restaurant and what it's like when Chef Ramsay is in the kitchen - it made our experience all that much better!  We ordered the pork belly and shepherd's pie - they were both AMAZING!  I'd highly recommend going to Pub & Grill the next time you are in Las Vegas!!!
4	Truffle Mac & Cheese was delicious! Little Sliders were tasty - I preferred the ones with chedder verses not. Fries were also good. I'm just have the pan of mac n' cheese if I were to come again.
1	Embarrassing.  On Juy 16 2013 we've got a drink server and a bread server, but the main waiter Scott was barely showing up. We've waited forever for our food and had to ask another waiter for status. He then found out that our food was accidentally taken by someone else, or whatever else happened.  We then got out filet steak which was just mediocre for a $45 steak. I visited over 100 restaurants in this city and this one was one of my worst experiences.
3	Here for dinner at 6:30 p.m. on a Friday night, July 4th weekend and we were seated immediately.  A square table for four, we sat in our mismatched, padded high back chairs.  All of us sunk.  Me, a 6' foot tall man, having to arch my arms up to grasp a fork and knife.  I felt worse for the girls.  I used to work with interior designers so all I could think of was, "Who picked out these disfunctional chairs for the restaurant?  Does anyone height check to see that they are suitable to dine in?  Are there some telephone books I can put beneath my bottom so that I can see what's on the table?"  Very important... There are two menus here.  The full dinner menu and the bar snacks/small bites menu.  No matter where you sit in the restaurant (at the bar or not), you can order from the bar menu.  If your server doesn't hand one to you ask for it.  Some of the dishes over lap, but there are others that don't.  Bread Basket - Good.  There were four different breads, including pretzel bread with bacon bits and caraway seed buns with pumpkin seeds on top. A salted butter and a cheese dipping sauce.  Little Piggy Deviled Eggs - Could definitely taste the bacon in the deviled egg spread.  They serve you four egg whites empty and you fill them yourself with however much deviled egg spread you want.  It wasn't whoa crazy crazy, but everyone enjoyed these.  Fresh Fried Potato Chips with Herbs & French Onion Dip - The potato chips were my favorite food of the night!  Light and crispy, perfect for snacking on.  I could've downed the whole bowl of chips myself, but I opted to share.  I think it's $2 more if you'd like them done Salt & Vinegar style.  Fish and Chips/Cod and Chips - Three generously sized pieces served with mushy peas (mushed peas mixed in with whole peas) and fries.  I liked the peas better than the fries, which is sad because usually the potato always wins with me.  The fries were too soft for my liking.  Pan Seared Diver Scallops - My friend loved and devoured these.  4 large scallops with artichoke hearts, carrots and spring garlic.  A light dish for pub food. Sheperd's Pie - The other friend said this was okay.  No complaints.  Burger - Was okay.  My friend swapped out her fries for the Smashed Fingerling Potatoes at no extra charge.  Smashed Fingerling Potatoes - Wanna enjoy your meal that much more?  Swap out your fries (or some other side) for this.  The fingerling potatoes have much crunch and flavor than the fries.  Cooked with butter, double cream and black truffle!  Mmmm... the truffle.  So rich but so good!A few notes and thoughts:If you don't have one, get your Caesar's Players' Club Card before eating here.  Each dish is discounted $1-2 as long as one person in your party has the free players' card.  The restaurant is pricey considering it's "only" pub food.  I know, I'm in Vegas... pay to play.  But $28 fish and chips and a $20 burger?  There was no "wow" factor with any of the major dishes.  Food quality overall is not whoa, but it's solid.  They have a good selection of beers, but I thought they'd have more UK beers on tap.  They didn't even have Smithwick's or Harp on tap or in a bottle.  Our server was nice and brought us all that we needed, but it took awhile to track her down a couple of times because she had too many tables to watch.  The restaurant could probably schedule a couple of extra servers on the weekends.  Overall it's 3.5 stars, with price knocking down the rating.  When it's $180 for four people with three of us having one drink each (and no wine), that's pricey for pub food.
4	I'm not typically an overeater. I rarely finish my plate. But I ate to the point of discomfort at this place. The Pub "Spots" are friggin DELICIOUS. I don't know if it's the rosemary bun or garlic aioli or what but I could't stop eating. And the fries were awesome - also not my usual go-to. I actually went here twice during my visit. Once with my husband (who actually only described the regular burger as "alright" which seems weird) and once with girlfriends. I talked up the "Spots" so all the girls had them except one who ordered the Diver Scallops. I actually traded her a handful of fries for half a scallop and I think I got the better end of the deal. The hostesses are very whatever, but the bartenders are a good time and our waiter was awesome. Even the food runner had a good time with us. I also like the decor with the kegs working as a divider. I ate at the bar and at a table and liked both options. They also had a good beer menu. I really liked this place. Definitely worth trying out.
5	1. Gets five stars for doing everything right2. We bumbled into the place, just looking for a quick bite before the Absinthe circus show, right outside the entrance of Caesar's Palace. We were seated in the back lounge area, a quasi-man cave with flat screen TVs and nice armchairs. Hostess gets five stars for accommodating two Six Foot Five dudes with no reservations3. Excellent service, drink menu on IPAD, enjoyed the cold Grolsch beers4. I ordered the chicken and my friend ordered the flat iron steak. small portions all around, but combined with the pretzel stick bread, very filling. 5. Five stars for the bold choice of sauces: tangy cheese for the breadsticks and horseradish for the flat iron steaks.6. Fantastic experience all around, extra points for the sexy hostess uniforms
5	Fantastic!!!!
4	I became a fan of Ramsay's when I watched a bunch of food shows, and wanted to go to his new place when I saw it. The atmosphere was inviting, the waiters and waitresses were nice, and the food was great. We didn't wait long, even with a bit of a lunch rush, and the iPad thing for viewing and picking out drinks and dessert was interesting (a bit confusing at first, but our waitress explained it to me quickly). If I go back and have a friend, I would totally take them to this place for a lunch.The beer-battered fish & chips was a bit sweet for me, but generally good. The chips were cooked well and the smashed peas tasted nice. I had a specialty drink (forgot which one) but it was great as well - enough alcohol to make me happy, not too much to overpower.I may also now be a fan of trifles after the one I had. Perfect amount of chocolate to make it sinful, but not overpowering. ...also, I want the waiters and waitresses outfits. they're awesome.
3	My wife and I got into Vegas around dinner time so we decided to come over to the Pub & Grill to try it out for dinner. First when we arrived they told us it was an hour wait, but instead of having to hang around they ask for your cell phone number to text you when your table is ready. That really worked out well, first we got a text right away saying our estimated time, and about 30 minutes later we got a text our table was ready. Very cool to be able to do your own thing while you wait. So overall the food is pretty good, however for the prices they charge it is not worth the value. We started by splitting a vegetable salad, and that was really good but the salad itself costs $16, way over priced. I had a steak which was pretty good, and my wife had the shepherds pie which is pretty similar in taste to Gordon Ramsay's Steak restaurant. For dessert we had the sticky toffee pudding which was pretty good as well. All in all the food was decent, but it just does not live up to value. When my wife and I ate at the Steak restaurant we walked away with $160 bill and felt it was well worth the money. This place however the food is good, but it is not something I am willing to pay the high price to come back for.
3	Not a lot i could eat so i just had some drinks. They were good. I have a gluten allergy so makes it hard to eat at a pub. Its a fun place. Were were at a Corp meeting. A lot of us walked in and had fun while there. Full service bar.
5	Smack in the center of the casino, the Pub and Grill offers a trendy somewhat cosmopolitan dining experience.  Hip music playing with VERY modern decor.  It is worth mentioning that they used beer kegs as decorations.  That made me laugh.  Our server was great but did NOT have the right mentality for the hospitality business.  I did not mind though.  The Shepard's Pie was extremely tasty!!  I am 1000% (not a typo) sure that I will return when I am in Vegas again.  Bravo Chef Ramsey!! Bravo!!
3	Cruising through Caesar's Palace and came across the Gordon Ramsay Pub.  The place has a great look and very cool Hipster vibe.  At first we popped in for a beer and appetizers.  They had a great selection of micro brews on tap, a good enough reason in itself to stop by.  The deviled eggs and warm pretzel were awesome.Unfortunately, our meal left a little to be desired.  The fish and chips were average, but plentiful.  They overcooked the first burger and felt it necessary to make a second one. The problem was, they forgot to tell us about the delay.  It was close to 40 minutes before we got our food.  By then, we were a little pissed.  Not a good idea to deliver food late to a Yelper.  Sorry Gordon, I really had high hopes.  But you'll get a chance to redeem yourself.  I'll be back.....
5	The braised short rib and beef cheek sandwich was amazing, served with crisp and tasty fries. The toffee cake and sweet cream desert was equally delicious.  The atmosphere was fun and lively, we were visiting the day the royal baby was born and they invited all of the guests to join in the bar for free beers and a toast.
2	I expected to love this place. We loved  Burger across the street and Steak at Paris, Very disappointing had lunch with my husband at the bar. New waiter on his first day probably would have been better on his own. The guy training him was offensive.  When I said I did not like their take on the corned beef sandwich in a bowl he said I shouldn't worry about looking pretty while I eat it just dig in there.  high priced as it is and after presenting our Harrahs card still did not get the $4 off a $20 so called corned beef sandwich. Why bother putting the two prices on the menu if they don't understand what it means.  Will not be going back.
1	Ambience was trendy, Food was good, overpriced, but the service was AWFUL.  (Dear Bryan, we didn't stiff you.  10% was overtipping for the attitude that you brought.)  From the second we sat down till the moment we had to ask for our check, we were a bother. There were FIVE long legged girls working the hostess counter but only saw THREE waiters in the entire restaurant.  And it wasn't lack of experience.  He brought the Gordon Ramsay "you're an idiot" attitude to all of his tables.  So if you want to be treated like a moron for asking if the toffee pudding is good and being told that it's like "EVERY OTHER toffee pudding in normal restaurants, "scoff" then go somewhere else.  After 5 years of waiting tables, I don't complain.  This experience was the exception.
5	Excellent service, quality, and style go into this place. Really enjoyed my experience.
1	I've never written a review, but I felt very compelled to do so for this restaurant. Our bill for two was $127 including two glass of wine and no appetizers.  For this price we were expecting the food to be exceptional...and it definitely was not!  We left disappointed and unsatisfied. The food was mediocre and lacked flavor...it was very bland.  Service was also very slow and our pub table was very tall making it difficult to eat comfortably. We love Gordon Ramsey's tv show and were hoping for excellence. For a man who reprimands people for lack of taste, flavor, and service, we were expecting more. We will not be back to eat at this restaurant.
4	4.5 starsOh man this food was awesome. Just got the shepherds pie, but oh my. Literally the best mashed potatoes of my life. I just wanted to keep eating and eating. They had a slight glaze on them as creme brulee looks. So, so good. The service could have been a tad better (specifically the hostesses). There were like 3 of them and seemed as if it all their first day on the job. It was a tad pricey, but for vegas it actually wasn't too bad. Especially at a famous chefs restaurant, I'm going to call it a bargain.
2	We are locals and decided to try the Pub and Grill after having an excellent experience at Gordon Ramsey Steak.While the food here was good my steak was perfect the service was HORRIBLE!! Our waiter was slow and did not seem to care at all. We never got the drink menu ipad and when we asked we were told they had beer and wine what did we want.....Really. for 120.00 dollars and being local we can't recommend this place and we are huge fans of Gordon Ramsey. They were obviously short staffed but whoever runs this restaurant needs lessons in restaurant 101. Lacking in the basics in terms of service. Very disappointed. Wanted to write directly to the restaurant but it seems there is no way to do so to let them know of the experience.They may not think they have to listen to locals but when it is slow tourist season in Vegas they need us and can't ignore the locals or continue with service such as this.
2	seeing that this place gets 3 stars it's just about right...hopefully the new winner of hells kitchen rights the ship..first the sliders are amazing, everything else we tried was not gordon Ramsey quality...also the waiters need some more training. the real problem is zeus the manager. my waiter honestly made a mistake which happens i understand but it took over an hour to get my lamb chops and when i got them they were over cooked and the plating was awful. when i asked for the manager, this guy zeus comes. i explain to him what has happened, since for a hour no one came to my table, he just took my plate and came back with the bill and DID NOT apologize or anything. the reason this place gets 2 stars is because the sliders were awesome. hospitality management really needs to be replaced. i  expect the same service and food on a Monday that i would get on a Thursday. i watch all his shows and i know for damn sure he would not allow this. Gordon i Hope you read.this review and get rid of zeus. After waiting over a hour for my main course and not getting the right meal all i need is a simple apology which i didn't get. i got treated like my money was worthless here. this was also the 2nd time i went here since the first night on our trip we had a great time. i look forward to hearing back from you guys
4	1. They sat me right away.2. Service was excellent. 3. Waiters made drinks on point.4. Food came out on time.5. Food was acctually hot. burned tounge on fries.6. My drink never was empty. they refilled it consistantly.7. price was decent.8. energetic staff.9. desert was awesome10. lastly, fish n chip ladies and gentlemen. Fish n Chips
1	Well like many of the other reviews our expectations were based on our belief that Mr. Ramsay's consistent push for excellence would be reflected in his own establishment. Our party of seven had reservations for over two moths prior to arrival, unfortunately we still waited twenty five minutes to be seated. Our server who was friendly and enthusiastic was also inattentive and unprofessional. We waited for over 15 min. every time we ordered drinks, and even though our entrees took 67 mins from the moment we sat down, he only served one serving of bread sticks (5). We are frequent travelers to Las Vegas and clearly understand that everything is over priced, However we were extremely disappointed in the service and the quality of the food.
2	My wife and I decided to try out the Gordon Ramsay Pub and Grill since we are local fans of his.  We were very pleased with Burgr at the Planet Hollywood and figured we would be equally pleased here.  Overall we really wanted to like the place but were disappointed and will not return, especially after the surreal experience towards the end of our stay.We didn't have to wait to long to get in (30 minutes and my wife won some decent coin on the slots beforehand).  Our server was not very knowledgeable about the beer selection or other items on the menu (as we were about to find out).  My wife wanted to get a beer comparable to Stella Artois (something we could justify spending $10 on) but the server could not help us identify a similar beer since we were unfamiliar with some of the brands and figured he was.  We ended up ordering sodas and water instead.  Probably a wise choice considering the cost.I ordered the bangers and mash and my wife ordered the onion soup and the mac and cheese.  I enjoyed the sausage links (made in-house) but felt the potatoes were a bit overdone with cream and butter.  My wife liked the onion soup but felt that there was only one tiny slice of french bread on the top and not the normal amount of bread usually served with this soup.  The taste of the mac and cheese was pretty good yet the noodles were very underdone.  They were about 3-4 minutes away from being al dente.  When my wife brought this up to our server (she has professional kitchen and culinary training), he said "yes, the noodles are supposed to be al dente", and that was it.  It was a weird exchange.  It was too bad the noodles were too gummy because the rest of it was pretty tasty.I had never had rhubarb before, so my wife ordered the rhubarb cobbler from the menu.  After about 15 minutes, our server came to us and said the item had been 86'd from the menu but they were making some more "downstairs".  My wife (a former employee of Caesars/Harrahs) asked about the other desserts and found that they come from the downstairs bakery that provides pastries for other eateries in the casino.  We were very disappointed with this news.  The desserts might be Ramsay's recipes or they might not be (it wasn't clear to us), but the fact that they were being mass-produced in the downstairs bakery rather than in-house upset us a little.  Nothing against the people who work in the bakery at Caesar's (they make some delicious pastry), but for a fine dining experience you would expect to get your dessert made in house at the prices being charged.  After 15 more minutes they delivered the cobbler, yet the cobbler they delivered was a peach cobbler.  She again notified our server, and this is where it got bizarre.  He argued that it was indeed rhubarb (a different kind of rhubarb at that) mixed with other fruits.  My wife was flabbergasted, as was I.  She knows the difference between a rhubarb and a peach and was offended that our server tried to convince us otherwise.  I have no experience with rhubarb myself, yet I know it is reddish-purple because I see it at the store.  I also know what a peach looks like, and it looked and tasted exactly like the fruit that was in the cobbler.  There wasn't a shred of red or purple anywhere in that cobbler, just straight up yellow.  After we left, I looked up a picture of rhubarb cobbler and it was bright red and purple.  We sent the cobbler back and they did not charge us for it.  Afterwards the manager came to us and apologized for the mix-up, yet still carried the viewpoint that it was a different kind of rhubarb.  I mean, enough already.  It was peach.  End of story.  Long story short we wanted to like the place, but were disappointed and slightly offended that they kind of thought we were dum-dums in the great rhubarb/peach debate.  Good thing Gordon Ramsay has a good burger place in town to fall back on.
4	I did not remember what I ate the last time I was at the pub and was not too excited about eating their again. But it turned out to be one of the most memorable dinner at Caesars Palace during this visit to Las Vegas. I had the braised beef cheeks that melted like butter and paired with Lucky Beer. The service was great and friendly. Can't wait to go back and eat at the restaurant again.
2	I'm sorry but I don't know how you won Hell's Kitchen Ja'nel...  I have no issues with price (its Vegas so its priced right) but I have a huge issue with how the food was seasoned. Only thing seasoned properly was the duck confit poutine.  Everything else we got needed salt and acid... Or flavor! Only reason you got 2 stars was because of the good service and the duck. One star for each...
4	I had a great expierence here, given that my earlier expierence at another restaraunt was horrible. So I got on Yelp! to find an other place that was somewhat close to where I was and this place showed up. so i headed over, hoping I could get something to eat even with out a reservation. I walked up and was greeted by a lovely hostess. I explained that I didn't have a reservation and told her briefly about what happened at another restaraunt. Thankfully, she said don't worry and follow me. I sat down and glanced at the menu. My server came over and asked what I'd like to drink? I ordered a beer. He returned quickly and asked if i was ready to order. I said yes and I'll have the fish and chips. OMG! the fish was so yummy and the chips were divine. the mushy peas that came with it were better than I thought they would be. I will be back the next time I'm in Las Vegas.
4	I came here for a late lunch during the week and it was delicious! I got the beef rib and cheek sandwich with a side of fries. The bartender recommended the Scottish beer to go with the sandwich called Innis & Gunn which I really enjoyed. The meat in the sandwich was super tender and they gave it a nice breaded crust so it was a good surprise when you bite into the sandwich. The bread was perfect! All in all, tasty sandwich with an equally good beer.
1	So sad.  After enjoying meals at Gordon Ramsay's steakhouse in Paris Las Vegas I had high hopes for this restaurant.  Because of the bad reviews my boyfriend said no, but I insisted.  The quality of the food is not up to par, but the prices were high.  We sent 2 out of the 5 things back and were still charged for the drink that we did not drink and sent back because it tasted bad.  The Mac and cheese was undercooked and also sent back.  After some argument about whether or not it was undercooked or just "al dente" with the waitstaff we felt so awful we wanted to just get out of there.  I know the difference between the two and felt insulted that they argued with me. We left and looked at the bill on our way out-- Unfortunately we were overcharged on our meal as well and had to go back for a $3 refund which was super emabarrasing and I wish we had just left with our dignity at a $3 loss instead.  The manager never came out to apologize for us having such a bad meal or being overcharged.  Even at low end restaurants they would do that.  Very disappointing.  We won't return.
2	I downloaded the Yelp app just to write this review. Normally I am very easy going and am not motivated to give a place a bad review (this is my first ever in fact), but in this case I feel like Mr. Ramsay has traded on his name as a stickler for quality and there was little to be found here. We've dined at Gordon Ramsay Steak and it was very good so this came as an unwelcome surprise. The staff were generally nice, though they started to flounder when things went south. We ordered a Caesar to start and I must say that was good. However, for our lunch entrees we ordered the Shepherd's Pie and the baked Mac n' Cheese and were very disappointed with both. The shepherd's pie was average at best but barely had any vegetables in it; the Mac n' Cheese was just terrible: bland and undercooked. When my girlfriend said something about it the genius waiter went right into the classic al dente argument - nice. He offered to have it cooked more - baked more? We sent back the Mac and even with that off the bill it came to $50: one Caesar salad to share, an iced tea, a lemonade, and a small, underwhelming shepherd's pie. If that suits you then look no further!
2	When you are in Vegas eating out is a chance to have a one of a kind experience, which is why my mom, brother, and I chose this place when walking through Caesar's Palace. Well, clearly we should have kept walking. The service was not good, I don't think our waiter smiled once during the entire meal, and didn't offer any suggestions, and it took a for him forever to even come over and take our drink orders when we first arrived. Come to think of it the service was slow the whole night.I won't complain about my meal because out of the three it was by far the best. I got the fish and chips and it was really good, and a huge serving. There were three cod fillets and a large helping of fries. The tarter sauce was probably the best I've ever had. That being said my mom ordered the scallops, and the presentation was awful. They brought it out in a large bowl probably three sizes too big for the amount of food that was in it. There were only five scallops sitting in a broth with carrots. No presentation at all, and for the price of that meal with absolutely no side included it was far from worth it.My brother ordered the lamb burger and fries, and his serving of fries was about half as much as I got, which was a little confusing. The burger had too many flavors that did not mesh well together. The menu selection didn't offer enough choices in terms of meat, there was only once chicken dish. The drink menu was pretty good, but they were all pretty pricey, and for the amount of wine my mom got in her first glass it was not worth the price at all, I think it counted as "half a glass of wine" so it should have been half the price.The interior was very nice and very "British." Our chairs were arm chairs that you would normally think of for a restaurant but they were very comfortable and made waiting for our food relaxing. All in all I wouldn't go back or recommend it to anyone, there are so many better places to eat on the strip.
5	As a macaroni and cheese fanatic/lover, this is the place you must go to if you are as crazy about it as I am. I actually came here twice in a few days to have it again. The lunch portion was perfect, for $17 I think. I came back during dinner and ordered it, and even though it wasn't listed on their dinner menu, they made it anyway and it was $14. The only suggestion I have is to just make the lunch size $14 as well because it seems ridiculous to charge more during the day, and not as much at night especially since you're making the same dish. But, the food was very delicious. Our service was great both times, and the decor is awesome. No complaints! I would highly recommend it, and if you go, you must get the truffle macaroni and cheese! It's perfectly creamy and scrumptious!
5	Gean the bartender is hands down the best server/bartender ever!!!! Not only is he kind and courteous but funny as hell!!! Food is great and if you have a chance stop by and have Gean serve you it's worth sitting at the bar... Trust me
4	Prior to flying to the US, I'd promised myself that I would try Gordon Ramsay's Burger joint and this one as well. I did the Ramsay burger on the 3rd day and loved it so the Pub & Grill was the one remaining.We went for dinner there on the last night of our 4 nights in Vegas and I have to say, in all honesty, that I had a great experience. Alright alright, I am a fan of Chef Ramsay but you have to give credit to where credit's due. He knows how to structure his restaurants - the layout, decor, the way that everything is setup; it works! Ramsay Pub & Grill has a bit of a retro/funky feel. It's not too formal but then again, it's not too casual either. Whether you're hanging out w/ friends over dinner or you're out on a date, it'll suit the occasion. I really like the photo of Gordon and his bulldog Rumpole on the menu - pretty funny!I had the Shepherd's Pie and it was really good. The bread and cheesy dipping appertizers were very nice and I also had a cocktail - not bad. I really wanted dessert however I was too full - that'll be for next time!The waitress who looked after us was very nice. You'll find Ramsay Pub & Grill at the entrance to the Palace Casino inside Caesars.. Check it out...
2	This place has cool decor but as with all of Vegas, the waitresses are dressed very tacky. The food is mediocre at best and extremely overpriced.Go here to say you did and pretend things are great.
4	Duck Confit Poutine was delicious and thankfully not too rich. Fish and chips were good, but the chips were the highlight with a garlic infused ketchup. The Irish Beef Cheek Stew was uber tender, but surprisingly not the best dish of the meal. It's like a fatty and tender version of pot roast without the benefit of the flavor and texture of carrots or onions (and potatoes if you like that kind of thing). The highlight of the meal just may have been the sticky toffee pudding with sweet cream ice cream. Soft, warm, moist and not overly sweet. Next time I hope to dive into the rest of their pub snacks and small plates.
5	Really good food.  Great service from the waiter, Scott.  Knowledgable, helpful, real.  We went twice during our trip this week, once with my wife, once more with all the kids.  Learned a lot from Scott about Beer, and thoroughly enjoyed both visits.One sour note- the female greeters are unattractive, dressed in ridiculous outfits, all seem to have a really bad attitude and are uniformly unhelpful on both visits.  Don't let them scare you away- it's great once you work your way past them.
4	Service beyond reproach, cuisine that melts in your mouth.  Thanks Chef Ramsey!
4	Ramsay does it again.  Walking into this restaurant in Caesar's, I was definitely impressed.  The decor was a hip modern twist on a traditional British pub.  The lighting was a little bit darker than I would've like but it definitely added to the ambiance.  The keg wall was probably one of the coolest parts.  Though a little loud, the charm of the restaurant was definitely appealing.We made a reservation on-line but we were a little irritated that we couldn't call to get ahold of anyone if we needed to make changes to the reservation.  It just kept gong through and automated recording.  Also, when we approached the hostess, she actually didn't seem very enthusiastic towards us nor any other guests who approached.It was a minor wait before we were seated.  The table was cool and I really like the chairs.  It seemed to take awhile before our server even came to greet us let alone give us water. I guess it was busy.  Once the waiter greeted us he was really nice.  Great smile and willing to answer any questions we had.  He also offered suggestions for items on the menu.  We did order some cocktails from the bar which got to us in a timely fashion and we also got a platter of bread and butter courtesy of Gordon...thanks!  The pretzel sticks were amazing.  I lathered them in butter and gobbled them up!  The drinks were good and strong yet pricey but what do you expect for Vegas.  Most of the entrees were pricey as well.  I ordered the lamb shanks and was definitely pleased.  They were tender and well seasoned.  Absolutely yummy!  My boyfriend ordered the Shepard's pie.  The mashed potatoes were to die for.  Overall, my experience was great.  Ramsay definitely does know his way around a restaurant.  Then only qualm I had was with the hostess'.  If they were a little more charismatic and interested in the customers they were about to seat, I think I would've rated it a 5/5 instead of a 4/5.  Still great though. :-)  Will definitely go again!
3	I live in Las Vegas so I'm used to having some great places to eat. And in my view  one of the best places on the Strip is Gordon Ramsay Steak at the Paris casino. We go there from time to time and we're consistently impressed. It's excellent from the moment you sit down to the minute you leave. We're not all too concerned with price, particularly for a great experience, but it's hard not to notice how expensive Steak is. Still, it's just that good. This weekend we gave Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill a try at Caesars casino. It's decidedly different. Far more casual than Steak and focused on pub style food. Overall, we had a very good experience but as I recollect it now, I'm not sure it's enough to get us to go back. It's the kind of place that I'd gladly step into if I were strolling through Caesars, perhaps there to shop at the attached mall, but I don't think I'd make a special trip in just to eat there again. It's not that it's bad, not at all. But it's surrounded by a city full of great dining experiences.To start (and despite some terrible reviews here to the contrary), our server was lovely, vivacious and helpful. She was friendly and attentive. The bar menu, complete with some innovative custom cocktails, tons of beer options, and a serviceable wine list, was presented on an iPad that provides plenty of details and an easy way to sort through to find what you want. We started with two of their own cocktails (I tried "Mother's Ruin," a nice mix of gin, sage liqueur, cucumber and lime), and some oysters, which were tastefully presented on cutting boards with traditional accompaniments. The bread service was a nice array of crusty, warm, house-baked pretzels (three different kinds) and a nice cheese dipping sauce, all very good. The only hiccup in service was when our mains arrived so quickly that our appetizers hadn't yet been cleared. The servers who delivered them (not our waitress but two other men) seemed flummoxed. Their hands full they sort of just looked at us to move the dishes aside for them. But the table being small, there really was no place to put the spent plates and utensils. A line manager came to help, but he too seemed sort of clueless and overwhelmed. Neither of us thought too much of it and helped as best we could, but it was a strange moment that you'd expect the team was better trained to handle.Our food was good. I had the beef cheeks, which has the consistency of a pot roast. It was served over some mashed potatoes and roasted onion. The portion was very generous and the dish was tasty, though just a little underseasoned. My wife had the mustard-basted flat iron steak served with an onion puree and Stilton cheese. Good, but underwhelming, she said.We split sides of smashed fingerling potatoes (which were seasoned with double cream, butter, and black truffle) and creamed spinach with Stilton cheese. Both were very good. The sticky toffee pudding for dessert was excellent.At the bar that night was Jan'el Witt, the recent winner of Ramsay's television show "Hell's Kitchen." Our waitress told us that she'd begin her reward as the "head chef" of the Pub & Grill in August. So, in all, that leaves us at about a 3-star rating. A nice evening, a good meal, a fun time. But with so many options in Vegas, I'm not sure we'll be back again to the Pub & Grill. Unlike Gordon Ramsay Steak, which just screams a kind of uniqueness, Pub & Grill is good, but perhaps not special enough to warrant a return trip.
1	I got food poisoning, in Vegas :( So needless to say, it ruined my entire night. On top of being sick, I was so disappointed because this was a highlight of my trip. I know it's just a pub, but I love top chef. Jon and I aren't fancy either, so to spend over $100 on two for dinner is a lot for us. Sorry, but no matter how good the food tasted (the first time) I have to give this a 1 star.
1	Can't select zero stars so I give it 1. I'm a huge fan of Gordon Ramsey. I read many of the less than stellar reviews and decided they were likely posted when they first opened and that by now they have the kinks worked out. This was a horrible experience riddled with questionable food and terrible service. When you pay $27 for fish and chips you want it to be the best or very close to it. The batter on the fish was way to heavy and thick. The fries were limp. They'd been sitting in a warmer way too long. They were almost soggy. My daughter could even eat her burger. I thought it was funny they didn't even ask about the burger when 3/4 of it is left our her plate when we finally got our bill. I also didn't get the chilled water and no ice in the glass thing. I asked if we could get ice and they brought me ice, not the rest of the table. Then every time we needed a refill we had to ask for it. Gordon Ramsey, maybe you could sign this place up for Kitchen Nightmares. Then you could go in a fix it.
2	Went here to eat on 8-13-13 and the website said business casual dress attire and I guess not everyone read that, people had hats on and tank tops, the waiter we had did not come to the table for 5 minutes and did not bring our drink order at all, good they did not charge us for it. Food was ok not worth the price, so if you want to say you ate at a Gordon Ramsey's restaurant, go but if you do not care do not waste the money, over priced food for the quality.
1	This has to be the biggest culinary disappointment I have yet to experience. For drinks, we ordered the Mothers Ruin and the Ramsay tonic.  Both were unpalatable and likely among the worst cocktails I have experienced.  Price: $15 for each drink.Our waiter seemed like he didn't want to be there and we were ignored pretty much most of the time.  Although he did sport a well groomed goatee, he seemed a bit unkempt.In our group, we ordered the Summer vegetable salad, Shepherds pie, Pub Burger, and  Short-rib & cheek sandwich.  All of the food lacked taste and no one in our group liked anything. The only flavor came from the Horseradish in the Ketchup, but we had to apply them to soggy, mushy  fries.For a restaurant whose namesake is a person that judges the quality of other peoples food, I expected so much better.Looking back, I regret that I spent some of my vacation time and money at the Gordon Ramsey Pub and Grill when I could have spent the same amount on Helicopter rides.My advice, plenty of good restaurants in Vegas. Your money can be better spent elsewhere.
3	Make a Reservation first!! we had a 45mins. wait to get in G.R.Pub &Grill which is inside Caesars Palace, it seats about 300 people to me it is authentic and sorta of dark inside,there are all type of tables here tall,short,large round ones as well as small round ones,I saw about four flat screen TV on with no sound,all of the hostess had on dresses that look like newpaper printing from London on it,the server inside were all dress difference too dark pants,dark long sleeve shirt with a vest on that has zippers and chairs that was cool.We ordered fish &chips,english chips,rhubarb cobbler with two scoops of Ice cream,the food was OK nothing really that special,the server also bring a I-pad to your table for you to order wine and dessert on, Our experience here was not as good as expected slow yet friendly but improved as the meal progressed,the server was not that attentive to our needs.We are not in a hurry to get back here.
5	We had reservations here last night and this was a special treat for us since it was our anniversary dinner and we really wanted to do something special.  The hostesses were extremely nice and congratulated us on our anniversary, (thank you!!!!!!!!) our waiter (Ali) was awesome, extremely helpful, knowledgeable and very patient.  He was there all the time asking us if there was anything we needed.  Our food was delicious, I ordered the corn soup and the Iron Steak.  My husband ordered the summer salad and the Cheek steak,  everything was great, the food the service, the atmosphere!  We will def come back again!
5	We opted to go here for a family birthday dinner. The service was extraordinary -- from the time we made the reservations with the hotel concierge.  Kimberly and Lisa Marie took great care of us and accommodated all of our special requests.  We loved our meal.  Burgers were fabulous-- very special ketchup. And my salad with chicken was awesome. Great beer list, too!  We love Innis & Gunn.   From jaynefurman.com "It was beyond sensational." The drink menu is extensive and they bring it to you on an ipad. Three kinds of pretzel rolls accompanied by an amazing flavored butter and an extraordinary cheese sauce. The burger was flavorful and cooked as ordered, which is phenomenal for any restaurant.  Our group is finicky, so kudos to our superb server, Kimberly, who must have a photographic memory.  The server/runner Lisa Marie was incredibly helpful and sweet. When we left, we felt we had two new friends!  Gordon Ramsay's homemade ketchup (and we're not even ketchup fans) is not to be missed. Michael loves the sticky toffee pudding here. The mac and cheese was over the top fabulous -- duck fat croutons, truffles and three cheeses. Burger with applewood smoked bacon and cheese was awesome.   Photos to follow soon
3	I'm not much of a Ramsay fan outside of him trashing Amy's Baking Company on the infamous episode of Kitchen Nightmare, but one co-worker I was with on my recent Vegas lives for Ramsay.  She wanted to go to the Pub, BurgR, the Steakhouse, and any other taco stand or dumpling house he might open next week.I think I can best sum up the experience with a what I liked vs what I didn't like list:I liked that is was not a stuffy restaurant.  The atmosphere and decor was fun and inviting.I liked the non traditional table I was at with 2 large, cushy chairs on one side, and a couch on the other (you might not like this)I liked the huge beer list.I really liked my lamb chops.  The food got high marks by everyone at the table for quality and prep.I did not like the drink list on the ipad.  It did lead to some great conversation about if we though we could get away with stealing the Ipad...but, with 4 of us at the table, and only 1 Ipad, it was a rush job to look thru the 100+ beers separate onto different web pages by category.  In the interest of time, I just picked an old, well known favorite vs. something rare or reading up and trying something new....and finally, what killed the experience...the serving size.  Upon looking at all the dinners as they came out, my initial though was, 'they know we did not order of the kiddie menu, right?'  While my lamb chops were great, there was only 4 lil chops for a serious price.  By contrast, Firefly, a well known local tapas restaurant, offers a $10 tapas plate with 2-3 pieces, and while maybe not as awesomely seasoned, it's still very good over there.  My Irish buddy got the Sheppards pie, and while he admitted it might be better than what momma made him...the size of it was seriously laughable.  I was not surprised when I heard he picked up more to eat.As for that drink Ipad...Our best idea was to list it on Craigslist and sell it for cheap for immediate cash only, with an exchange in the bathroom, and quickly paying the tab in cash...and defiantly not returning to Caesars on this trip.  I'm just saying, if you ever see it on craigslist, don't go buy an Ipad from a guy in the mens room of Ramsay's Pub & Grill, it might some other guy with a clever but flawed idea.
2	We were all looking forward to our reservation at the pub.  Cocktail menu is very limited.  I asked about some of the drinks I saw on their website.  The waiter said he didn't know anything about them, but they change their I pad list often."  Not impressed.  We ordered a bottle of wine.  Not once did the waiter come over to refill our glasses.  We had to ask him every time, as he did not leave it at, or near the table for us.  My hubby was looking forward to a nice burger...There is not a burger on the menu.  He goes to London twice a year, and said, there is no pub in London that doesn't have a burger on its menu.  When our meals arrived, we were very very surprised with the small portions.  The shephards pie portion looked like a small appetizer.  The guy that had it, said he had never been to a place where he had to fill up on bread.  The food was tasty, but very over priced for what you get.  The desserts were delicious.  About the only positive thing, all 4 of us had to say about the pub, was the dessert was good.  Service was very poor, and our waiter pretty much ignored us.  The next day, all 4 of us said, we would never go back again.  Very over rated.   I should also mention, we have been to Ramsays burger place in Planet Hollywood, and loved it.  Also to his fine dining steak house in the Paris, and loved it.  But never again to the pub
4	Went here for lunch at 2pm on a Sunday and had a great meal & experience, contrary to a lot of other reviewers it seems. There was a 15-20 min wait to get in, no big deal, & compared to the 2 hr Bacchanal wait this seemed super minor. Our server (Ricardo I think?) did a great job, was personable, offered great advice, & was knowledgeable of the menu. Zero complaints there. Ambiance was fine, comfy chairs, TVs conveniently placed for sports, with kind of a modern British pub feel/layout.We started off with the Devilishly Deviled Eggs, which are served with the deviled yolks in a separate bowl, and are amazing.  Super great flavor on the deviled yolks (is that bacon I taste??), great consistency, and an easy way to get some yolk with every bite. Next up were the Welsh Rarebit ham sandwich, and the Short Rib & Cheek sandwich.  Both had excellent flavor, were served hot, and were of more than adequate size.  My gf preferred her short rib/cheek sandwich, while I preferred the taste of the ham/rarebit cheese sauce, but we agreed both were very good.  We subbed out our fries for the mashed potatoes, and neither of us were disappointed.  I also got an imperial pint of Boddingtons, took maybe 7-10 minutes to be delivered (only real service delay), but was frosty cold when it arrived.  We had no issues with waiting for food, service in general, or anything else that several reviewers have mentioned.  I guess this place might struggle for service consistency based on crowd load, and dinner sounds like it is the worst time for issues, but for lunch time, British pub-style comfort food (read: super when hungover), this place completely hit the spot!
3	I came here with a group for drinks before a group dinner...didn't like that you couldn't seat yourself at the bar without the hostess helping you.  We tried some drinks and french fries...all were good, albeit overpriced, but nothing to rush back for!
1	We went there expecting alot more then we received with regards to the food and service. The waiter and other staff were not very friendly almost as if it was a choir to be there..Seemed it took a long tie for the food to come out. The appetizer was very good we had the sliders but the entire for a lack of better words sucked.  we had the Fish and chips after taken a few bites it was clear the fish had not been cooked completely (translucent) so we had to send it back and wait another 10 minutes. The manager came over and bought a round of drinks for us while we waited for the second delivery. Although it was cooked correctly the taste was bland and uneventful. bottom line i wouldn't waste your money . Go to the burgr place its 10 times better food and staff. To be brutally honest for a few more dollars the steak place is fantastic.
1	Please save yourselves! I so wanted to like this restaurant. We were there for dinner on a Monday night. Arriving at about 9:15, we only had a 20 minute wait. The decor was really neat, from the lighting to the eating utensils. Even the servers and hostesses uniforms were nicely done. We should've known after waiting 15 minutes before anyone greeted our table that our night was doomed. Of course we were getting anxious and ready to leave but we wanted to try this restaurant so badly and we didn't want to look around for another restaurant and have to possibly wait again. So finally our server arrived. I had seen this server the whole time taking care of the table next to us, so clearly he had seen us as well as another one of his tables that was seated one minute after us. Unfortunately we were not given drink menus when we were seated. The server had it with him on an ipad when he greeted us. This could've taken another five minutes to put our drink order in because he tried to leave it with us and walk away. Fortunately my husband and I immediately spotted a couple of beers on the first paged and ordered before he walked away. When our server returned with our beers five minutes later, he dropped them off and said he'd be right back after he dropped off a menu at another table. Another few minutes later he dropped off some bread and again said he'd be right back to take our order after he dropped off another table's bill. Either this guy had far too many tables to wait on or he was the world's biggest idiot. He was very nice, and tried very hard to crack jokes and make us forget about the past 25 minutes of horrible service. I actually felt really bad for the guy. My husband ordered the lamb burger which was only available on the bar menu but our server made it sound as if he would do us the huge favor and get it for him anyway. Turns out we saw lot's of burgers being delivered to tables. So I wonder why they don't just put the $20 burger on the full dining menu. Anyway, my husband didn't care much for the burger but we both agreed that the fries were outstanding. I ordered the chopped chicken salad and honest to God have never had a worse salad. I think there must have been some sort of mix up or error in the kitchen with my salad because it was so bad. The dressing must've been mayonnaise or something worse. My biggest regret is that I didn't say anything about it to the server. Normally I have no problem with speaking up about bad food but I was mentally exhausted and so completely over this dinner that it was too much effort to say anything. My next regret is that I actually ate it. What is my problem? I ate this disgusting salad and what does that say about me? Gross! I guess I was hungry. Our server obviously felt bad about the service because after we finished eating, he dropped off our check and told us he was deducting $10 from it. We smiled and thanked him. Nope, no deduction, just our full price bill. Again, too irritated and over the whole experience that we just paid and left. On a more positive note, they had a great selection of beer. Overpriced of course, but so is everything in Vegas so we can't fault them for that.
4	We stopped in here late one night to try it out, as we are big fans of Gordon. We ordered the sliders, truffle fries, and of course, the sticky toffee pudding. The sliders were very good and adorable. The fries were perfect and they give you the truffle/ garlic aioli to dip as well as homemade ketchup. Delicious. And dessert- sinful. Soooooo good. Wish I would've ordered my own (sticky toffee pudding), instead of sharing. Lol. Lots and lots of beer on tap, although we didn't have any. Fish & chips too pricey at $30-I just got the fish & chip sandwich at burgr instead. ($16 Very good, but standard). Interesting appetizers but some entrees too fancy for my taste. Pretty place, fun ambiance. I prefer burgr @Planet Hollywood. May return if I am in Cesar's.
3	First, the positives: I had Shepherd's Pie. It was perfect. The meat is "melt in your mouth" good. Also, we got an order of English Chips to share. They were amazing. Very good. The negatives, however: Extremely small portions. When my Shepherd's Pie arrived, I thought it was a kids meal. Tiny. Very tiny. And don't expect a visit here to be easy on the wallet. Very expensive. Especially for the size of the meals.
1	Not worth the time. We went on a Friday night and were thoroughly underwhelmed. Took 20 minutes to get drinks. The appetizers actually came before our drinks did I have never seen that before. The onion soup was pretty good every one else's appetizers were roughly OK not bad but not exactly up to the expected quality that the name attached to the restaurant would suggest. Main courses were nothing special the flat iron steak was disappointing basically a fancy way of saying fried -undercooked on the inside burnt black on the outside I'd say that was quite an accomplishment if it wasn't my food. Wife had the fingerling potatoes that the waiter suggested we're the best potatoes he's ever had. My guess is that he hasn't had many potatoes then. They were very bland. One of our number had the fish and chips and seemed moderately happy with it though so perhaps only 5/6 people leave disappointed. Mr Ramsey should be embarrassed to have his name attached to this place. We Will never return here.
1	Over priced. Over crowded. Not worth the wait or $$ for meat and potatoes.
4	First, the beer on tap is amazing.  They tap only half-kegs, thus assuring freshness.  They also chill the lines and clean them every day.  Seriously, the beer taste like no other place.  The food is the perfect pub food, gourmet without being pretentious.
4	We stopped by here last weekend around 4pm for Lunch to a medium sized crowd dining while watching football.  We didn't have reservations although they take them and were sat in 10 minutes.  We had the luxury of being seated at a low standing coffee table w/ two king chairs on one side and a huge sofa on the other.  Since our party consisted of me, my wife, my 6 month old and our 3 year old, the seating was perfect.  Our waitress came by within 2 minutes of us being sat to take our drink order.  For a gastropub, the "hard stuff" concoctions were a little limited (about 10 to choose from - zero tequila based beverages) as the majority of their libations are Beers.  Not a bad thing for a gastropub, but I like having variety open.  We ordered a very tasty Bourbon drink that immediately put a smile on my wife's face and I ordered a Rum concoction that tasted like a Watermelon Cooler.  To start we ordered the "Chilled Shrimp Salad" - poached in lemon-beer shandy, light ginger-mayo, w/ red cocktail sauce.  It came out in about 8 minutes and my 3 year old couldn't stop eating "his shrimpys".   Very good dish.For our entrees, I ordered the Traditional Shepherd's Pie and the Beef Short-Rib & Cheek sandwhich - on hearth baked sourdough, horseradish mayo, roasted red pepper jam, red onion marmalade.  The Beef Short Rib was one of the best sandwich's i've had.  Dipping it into the horeseradish infused ketchup made all the difference too.  Couldn't get enough of this flavor bomb.  The Shepherd's Pie was also very good, but too traditional.  I would have preferred more gravy and less potatoes.  It was VERY traditional.  Not a bad thing, just hoped he would have kicked it up a notch.  Overall, the meal came out to $100 w/ the two drinks ($30) so overall, medium priced for a Casino meal and would go back.
2	Server had the personality of a door nail, rushed us to make an order, described nothing about the drink menu or dessert menuPortions are very smallDrinks were slow to arrive, we finished our meal and our round of drinks arrived in team for us to leaveGo to BURGR instead, cheaper and much better environment all around
3	I've been to Gordon Ramsey Steak in Paris and it was amazing, so I was excited to try his newest place. Our server, Alexander, was SO nice. He even took us back to the kitchen when I asked if it was really like a 'Kitchen Nightmare' kitchen.  The food was good but I wasn't floored like at his steakhouse. I had the corn soup and diver scallops. My husband had the Shepherd's Pie (it was kind of small.)   Overall it was a good experience and I'd go back to try the burgers but for a truly memorable dining experience, I'd go to his steakhouse.
2	My girlfriend and I were there a few weeks ago. The server seemed mad that she had to serve us. The portions of food were small and pricey. There are so many choices in Las Vegas, I would say we will not be going back.His steak house at The Paris is pretty good. Give that a try.
4	Lunch my hubby & I both ordered the lamb burger with goat & feta.  The waiter was really nice and helped with giving us suggestions on what's good on the menu.  My hubby was hung over so the waiter suggested for his hangover cure the Irish stew, shepherd pie, or the lamb burger. BRING OR GET A HARRAH's TOTAL REWARDS CARD for a discount on the food.
2	Sorry Gordon but English pub food is for wankers. You don't serve Breakfast and the music is too loud for a Sunday at noon. Get rid of those high top tables also in front or tell your hostess not to seat people there that early in the day.  The lamb burger is a big gooey mess with that goat cheese. Your fries could be a little more crispy too .
1	I went to Gordon Ramsay's Pub and Grill and had the worst experience. We were in Las Vegas for my sisters bachelorette party for the weekend, we went there for our last meal together. We had reservations for 9:15 and showed up at 9:10 and got seated immediately. Richard E was our server. He was fast about getting our drinks and complimentary bread and appetizers, but after that he rarely came to check our table. We waited well over an hour before our entrees came out. I confronted a bus boy about how long our food (because our waiter Richard E was nowhere to be found) was taking because we noticed a table of 4 that got seated at least 15-20 mins after us got served before us. He went in the back to check and came back telling me that the reason they got served first was because they have a smaller party and it takes longer for the kitchen to prepare all our meals to come out together....Once the food came out it was okay but definitely not worth the wait and rudeness we experienced. Richard brought one check over without asking us if we were all paying together at the end. We were a party of 8 so we asked if he could split the check for us and he made a huge deal about how long and difficult it would be for him to do it but he guessed he could. It took him 20 mins to do so..which we saw he had finished earlier and was waiting to bring us the split checks...Overall very disappointing for what we thought would be an amazing experience.
4	Some buddies and I were wondering were to eat on our first night of debauchery in Vegas. Being a longtime Ramsay fan, I suggested GR Pub and Grill. Luckily, we had made reservations, so the seating wasn't a hassle. The decor is that of an upscale pub. It was warm and inviting, but still felt too modern to have that "Old English" feel. Either way, it was nice to be there. As we were sat by a smoking hot hostess, we were immediately delivered water and bread. The bread basket was out of this world! Especially the pretzel bread. I ordered the pork bellies and fingerling potatoes. Rarely do I say this, but the side dish was WAY better than the main course. Don't get me wrong the pork bellies were crackling good and tender, but something about those potatoes that drove me insane! Overall, a fantastic experience with a cool way to order your drinks- thanks to the sophisticated computer tablets on the table. But like I said, a good time was had by all and the food was delicious. I recommend.
4	Came here on Friday night...we had a reservation for 6 but we kept calling to put the time back (6 girls getting rdy is no joke!). The server was really accommodating to us.-- AMBIANCE --Really cute decorations..you can see Gordon's face on a lot of walls. Also Britain flags, very cute. Waiters and waitress dressed in black and white. The skirts were cute.-- FOOD --We had the corn soup first. It was pretty good (3.5/5) We all order the BEEF CHEEKS with MASHED POTATOES...it was very delicious (4.5/5). My beef cheek didn't even need a knife. It was very tender. However, one of the beef cheek my friend had was a little hard. Maybe they need to work on the consistency of the entrees. But I was very happy with my plate. We also had an extra order of ASPARAGUS (5/5)...its sooooo good!! You must try it! YUMMM-- PRICING --Its a little pricey....but what do you expect? Its vegas + Gordan's name is on it. Some things are definitely worth the price.-- SERVICE --Our waitress was very friendly. She had a lot of conversations with us. She came and checked in on us on a regular. Oh and did I mention she is also very cute. They only thing I think they can improve on is getting water to the customers ASAP. We waited about 10 minutes or so before we got menus and water. -- OVERALL --Definitely still a fan of Gordan's!! Will definitely come back =)
1	I love British food and have been looking forward to eating here for some time. We arrived at 4pm on a Saturday. The place is about a third full. Sat at a table in the bar for 10 minutes with the wait staff ignoring us. Finally flagged someone down to be told I can't sit there because it's not part of the bar. The bar starts 3 feet from the table. Went to the front to be told I would  have to wait 10 minutes for that table because its not wiped down. Finally took a table in the dining room only to wait another 5 minutes for the iPad so we can order drinks. The service is so poor, I don't really care how good the food is. I'm only staying because my wife wants to try it. I won't be back.
3	Honestly, if anything, Ramsay gets you over with the details and sauces, just like not so pretty woman hypnotizes you her outrageous accessories. Amazingly creative sauces, freshly baked bread, mouthwatering shrimp salad...  Who mixes beer, horseradish and mayo and sells it for $12? Only a genius!He lures you in with the delicious teasers and then ...boom. Your trout is tasteless, fish and chips Denny's style, shepherd lacks zest... the beef cheek was really good and gentle but that is about it.I was digging for water in the dessert, but honestly out of four dishes, three were not even worth it. My Armenian in-laws could not even finish their dishes nostalgically mentioning that there was much better food half of this price in Bellagio's buffet.Of course, in another life I will totally come back and spend at least $500 on the rest of the menu just to check it out, in case of my punitive reincarnation into this very pretentious Saudi borehole owner.
2	This restaurant wasn't what we thought. It took 25 minutes to get at table when we had a reservation. Then it took 20 minutes to be greeted by our waiter and once our order was in, we didn't get our food for an hour and a half!" What  is this?! The hostesses were asked to get the manager so we could notify them of the bad service and we were brushed off and the hostesses were snotty and bitchy!!! Not great experience to say the least and they didn't want to care or hear our concerns.   NOT WORTH IT!
3	Not impressed. Though the uniforms are cool and the decor is decent. Deviled eggs were good. Fried fish was good. Burger was Ok. A chicken salad I had was just OK. The fries were terrible: mealy, undercooked, under seasoned. Unfortunately in a pub fries are paramount. Mr. Ramsey - who I have a ton of respect for as a chef and entrepreneur - needs to get this place back into shape. Incidentally we saw a _lot_ of food being sent back.
4	Went there last Thursday for dinner. We didn't make reservations and just happened to pass by and decided to eat there since we are both fans of Gordon Ramsey. We were seated immediately. I ordered the Caesar salad and the salmon. Salad was nice and fresh. The salmon originally was undercooked and was sent back. The next serving was delicious, just wish it was a bit bigger.The wife ordered the fish and chips. It was excellent. A lot of fish and the chips were good just needed a few more seconds in the grill. Our waitress was very courteous and apologetic about my dinner dish. We would recommend the restaurant but if your hungry then don't get the salmon you will leave still hungry.
4	Love this place...love the vibe,warm colors,cold beer and friendly staff...we like to sit at bar to get a lot of inside scoop of what's hot and what's not on the strip...beleive me,bartenders know all...pub spots are killer as well as the fish and chips,oh and don't forget the truffle fries that absoutly one my favorite dishes ever.Overall-Good Pull
1	Service was awful, the waiter ignored us most of the time and then gave us the wrong check; which by the way was triple ours.  My scallops were the wors I've ever had, loaded with sand.  Couldn't eat a single one.  The waiter was so nasty that I was afraid to send them back - he was definitely the type that would have spit in my food.  Don't bother with this place.
1	Was super excited to try this place because I am a fan, but ended up being severely disappointed. Walked up to the nearly deserted restaurant and was told it was an hour and a half wait. The 3 of us found seating at the bar and quickly pored over the menu. In the end we only ordered 3 things: bacon cheeseburger, chips, and a Caesar salad. When the order was put in our server, Ramon, talked to us a bit explaining about how unique the uniforms are. Then he completely ignored us, along with the rest of the staff because they were either talking about their workout routines, diet, or flirting with the waitress with the new boobs. Time passed without so much as a refill. 30 minutes later Ramon said, "your foods not here yet?" Clearly the empty placemat was a clue. Another 15 minutes passed and he woke up out if his stupor to again say, "wow, your food still isn't out?!" 2 minutes later it finally arrived. The salad was more a bowl of dressing with a few lettuce leaves. The burger and chips were extremely bland. It took another 10 minutes to flag down Ramon for the check. When it arrived we paid with 2 cards and cash. I wrote the payments down and even explained it. Well, Ramon pocketed the cash and charged my card double. I flagged him down again and pointed out his mistake. He said he must not have heard me and fixed it. All in all it was a shit experience. I would expect more from a restaurant owned my someone who has shows where he gets people and their restaurants in line. Bottom line: You're better off at a buffet.
1	Not impressed! Lots of places to chose from in Las Vegas, my wife just recently stayed at Caesars Palace over Labor day. We've been huge fans of Gordon Ramsey, and his blunt honesty in helping restauranteurs. Now its my turn to be honest. It took 15 minutes for our "Water Boy" to acknowledge we're seated in his area, another 10 minutes to get a cocktail. That was enough for me, not to shell out $25 for a fish and chip. I made it a point to ask for a Manager, which another 10 minutes passed and I went searching for one and expressed my thoughts, he could give a rats a%$!Gordon, You should visit your "new establishment" and work out the kinks, and quit giving others your advise, when your place needs some serious attention and help.Maybe I'll give you another chance, but will wait until things get worked out in your new place.
5	Gordan Ramsay Steak was so good we decided to eat here the next day for lunch. Service here was excellent. Drinks were excellent. I really liked the fish and chips but my fiance found it a bit too salty.I ordered the toffee pudding, again. AMAZING!
3	Hungry, hot, overworked (came to Vegas for a business trip, sadly not fun) my coworkers and I decided to try this place since it was close by and seemed to have lots of items that would be filling.Pros first!- Their burgers were AMAZING. The meat is cooked perfectly and portions were just right. - The fish and chips were great and portions were HUGE. I could only finish half of it. - Our server was really nice and gave us free pens at the end of our meal (sucker for free stuff..)Cons... one kinda big con actually....- When we arrived we had no reservations, BUT we saw the entire front section was open with about 15 tables or so. However, when we asked for a table, they told us there was a 30 minute wait...but their were tons of available tables... none the less we were all hot and tired and decided to just wait it out and ended up only waiting 15 minutes, but still...you would think with all those available tables they could give our small group of 4 one table. Guess they were ALL reserved since on our way out the tables were still empty.
3	Gordon Ramsey Grill and Pub is ordinary. They have pub style items at an astronomically higher price. We ordered Pub "spots" as an appetizers which is basically 3 two bite burgers. They were $18. They did not have much variety. You either had to have fish, pork, or chicken. It was very ordinary. Service was decent for a place like this. The only real redeeming quality was that the drinks were good!
2	Not very impressive overall. I'm a local and had high expectations for dinner. Made a 5:15 reservation to give me ample time to make a 7:30 Jerry Seinfeld show. Was promptly seated and had our drunk order taken, but we didn't see the waiter for 15 or so minutes. We each ordered salad and an entree. It's a good thing I enjoy taking with my girlfriend, because by the time the salad came, I had completely forgotten we ordered them. Dinner came about 6:30 and was ok. We both ordered the same thing, a small fillet, piece of pork belly, and a couple shrimp. The fillet was cooked perfectly, but the other two items were over cooked at dry. The manager came over to offer a free dessert for the long wait, which was appreciated. The bill came and the $11 charge was there. The show read starting and I didn't push the issue.I can go to Flemings, spend 2/3rds the money, and get a perfectly cooked meal. I realize we're paying for his name, but I don't think our meals would have make it out of the kitchen on Hell's Kitchen....They're plenty busy with the constant traffic in the hotel, but.....
2	A lot of pomp and circumstance when you walk in.  The staff wear ridiculous outfits and the restaurant has been overdone.  I would have preferred that the time and energy be spent more on the food.  I ordered the a bloody Mary and the pub burger.  The bloody Mary was very good, I will say.  Had a unique flavor and was worth the $10.  For lunch I had the Pub Burger, I ordered it rare and it came well done and was extremely dry and salty.  And if you are a bigger person, the burger is small.  (Worked out for me, but smaller than one would expect for $20).  The fries that came with it were very good, had shavings of cheese on them, I mostly ate the fries and the burger was not so good.  This place was not horrible, but for Vegas, you expect exceptional food, this was not exceptional.  I will say the staff was very nice.I think Gordon needs to spend some time yelling at himself for putting his name on this place.  I will not go back...maybe for the bloody Mary, but not for the food.
4	Fan of Gordon's other establishments so tried the Pub and Grill. Expectations not as high as this is pub food. I'd really give it 3.5 Stars if I could. The service needs a lot of work as it is dreadfully slow. The time it took just to take our order, receive our drinks and get our bread was pushing 35+ minutes - underscored by the fact that the Pub was at about 70% capacity. The food was very good. My app and entree was very good as were my buddies'.  I read some comments on here, which are really short sighted. Of course it is expensive - you are in Vegas and at Caesers Palace. I paid $5.90 for a large coffee at the damn food court nearby. Everything is over priced there. Room service for 2 burgers at Caesars was about $75 so compared to room service this is a bargain.The staff seemed disoriented and somewhat aloof. Not sure what the culture is there, but it is different from the other GR places I've been.Anyway the place is pretty cool and tv's are everywhere. It isn't worth making an extra effort to go if you are staying far away but if you are staying at an adjacent property it is worth going to.
2	If you're a well known chef, why would you ever put your name on a less than average place? I would have to say that Gordon Ramsay is hyped up way too much. From the outside it looks like a hip restaurant. I would describe it as an upscale pub.===Service===The service here was extremely slow. Our waiter took at least 10 minutes just to come and take our order. It took an additional 35 minutes just to get our food. I understand the place is pretty busy, but they should already know the place will be packed on a Saturday night and have the correct amount of staff on hand. ===Food===Complimentary bread and pretzels: The pretzels were in the shape of a breadstick, but they were perfectly chewy and soft. They serve the pretzel with a mustard cheese sauce and regular butter. I'd recommend going with the cheese sauce. The other bread that they served seemed to be some type of wheat bread with toasted seeds on top. Definitely not as good as the pretzels.Braised beef cheek: Served with mashed potatoes and broccoli rabe. This dish was very disappointing. The beef cheek itself didn't taste fresh. Think of when a fatty beef dish gets cold. You get that layer of oily white fat. It tasted and felt like that in my mouth which is not appetizing at all. Also the gravy was pretty bland. Not worth the $28. 2/5Pan seared diver scallops: Braised artichokes, baby carrots, pearl onions in a white wine garlic broth. They give 4 scallops in this dish. It's not very filling at all since they don't give any type of carb with this dish. It could definitely use some risotto, mashed potatoes, pasta or anything that's a carb! $32. 2.5 starsOverall, I was sadly disappointed with this Gordon Ramsay location. The service was poor and the food was boring. I personally wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone that I know.
1	Total joke. Ramsey BurGr is actually really good not sure how this place is so bad. Definitely the worst spot in ceasars and it's pretty tough to be worse than munchbar. Gordon is a clown and has nothing to do with the place one of the staff members told me he had only been there one time 3 months after they had opened.. total marketing ploy which definitely works. Mammalukes from around the globe are lined up to try this dump. Worst lamb burger ever, onion soup was good, fish and chips had more batter than fish, fries suck. I haven't been for about 3-4 months but I did go twice only because the first time it was so bad I figured it was a fluke. Not a fluke. And I agree with other posters easily the worst uniforms of any vegas restaurant, there were a couple good looking hostesses but that uniform made them look like total pigs.
4	We came here on a very busy Sunday afternoon. There was a huge crowd in front of the restaurant and people were being told it was about a twenty minute wait. I was glad we made reservations on Opentable along the way. We were seated right away in the back of the restaurant where it was more quiet. Our waiter's name was Adam and he was very friendly and helpful. We ordered the deviled eggs, corn soup, baby greens salad, and the ham and cheese sandwich, all of which I would highly recommend. Everything was very fresh looking and tasting as well as perfectly prepared. I am really looking forward to returning here for another casual but delicious meal. My only complaint is they marked us as a no show on Opentable, but hopefully this will be resolved on their end, as we have already taken it up with Opentable.
4	We specifically went to get dessert at GR, because we wanted to try his signature Sticky Toffee. The place is large and had no trouble getting a table on Wednesday night during dinner service. We liked the look of the restaurant, the kegs mounted on the walls, the wood placemats and unique flatware. Even the crazy costumes the staff wear. The waiter was obliviously disappointed when we only wanted to order dessert. In fact, he didnt even bring it out, another person did. The server never checked back with us, except to deliver and pick up the check. The sticky toffee was delicious, it was better than we had at Hells Kitchen, but I still think I prefer it at a pub local to us. Prices are kinda high, but with a Caesars Rewards card there is a discount.
1	Not the best place for me. Cousins from NY come to visit us and going to see Celine Dion show and we reserve here. The interior style restaurant for younger people, not comfortable with small tables like Bar. And they bring the food in big square pieces of wood so imagine that (4 person) not to much space to look where I can put my drink, on the floor?  Menu looks nice with a great variety of different tasty choices but the food is not good. I feel expensive prices if you compare this with the flavor. We ordered appetizer, entree, dessert. And no one said a word about how good it was.
3	My fish & chips were BLAND although the fish quality was high there just wasn't any flavor. I expected better Ramsey!
1	Service was terrible, server William was arrogant and rude. Steak was overcooked, server didn't seem to care. Rest of the food was pretty good. Not what I had expected.
5	I don't get the negative reviews at all. The service was great, my cocktail was amazing, and the food was delicious. Had the pork belly and it was spot on. Had to also get the English chips, seriously no complaints. We had a great experience.
1	On Sunday September 15th I entered into the bar area at Ramsey's and asked the Bartender if they can change the station to a specific game I was interested in. The bartender refused to change the station because he was a chargers fan. He was wearing a chargers leather helmet at the time. When we asked to speak to a manager it took over 20 min for Casey who was the manager to arrive and she argued with us about changing the station instead of complying with our customer request. In addition when I asked the hostess in front for a manager she said there were a lot of managers on duty and one of the managers is Brandy. When I asked Casey about this she claimed there was no manager there named Casey. We ended up leaving the bar very upset at the level of unprofessionalism displayed at this establishment by the staff and management. I suggest that Corporate management start sponsoring customer service training for all staff members at this establishment.
4	Had the fish & chips. Yes. A winner !  Hard to find places that don't over cook them... Also had the muscles and clams. Also, good. The bread with the sauce to soak up, yumm.  All the hype and pom poms aside. This is a great place. I would go back for the overpriced fish and chips. I poured on the malt vinegar. mmmm so good. Will go back for the dessert next time.   Ignore the negative nellys, the palce is fun & festive ...
3	--3.5 stars--My first time at a Gordon Ramsey establishment. In all fairness, I was overly excited for this opportunity owing to the fact that I have been watching Ramsey on a number of TV programs for some time, and he is hands down my favorite celebrity chef. That being said, I was a bit disappointed that after an hour long wait for a table, it took another ten minutes after being seated to even be approached by a waitress, upon which we finally received water and a drink menu. I had the scotch egg appetizer and the mussels and clams, both of which I thought were delicious. I was surprised by the heftiness of the mussel plate...I'm guessing there was at least 2 lbs. of shellfish on there. Overall, good pub food, but service needs a bit of work.
4	I like this place. Surprised it only has 3 stars.All the food comes out well-executed and tasty, and the drink selection is good.The only reason I can think of why it doesn't have a better Yelp rating is because it is slightly pricey for what it is?A group of 6 of us came in for 1 hour and spent about $170 on three apps and two rounds of drinks.Delicious Mac & Cheese, French fries and Slider-thingys.Would come back on an expense account, or with out-of-town friends on a Strip pub crawl!
1	I watched the hell's kitchen episode and wanted to try this place out. It is one of the worst restaurants I've been to. Honestly, a TGIF is better than this, considering they charge a bogus amount for food that is supposed to be non-pretentious bar food. I ordered the rack of lamb. Was unseasoned, with unseasoned potatoes, and looked like a joke. Bartenders were lazy, on their phones or watching tv the whole time. Took 30 mins to get my check. I'm not playing around, spend your hard earned money elsewhere. I'm a big Gordon Ramsay fan, but this was a real disappointment and I cannot believe he would put his name on an establishment like this one.
1	Kitchen NightmareI took a few days off last week to celebrate yet another year getting away from me. My wife and I went to Vegas, not for the gambling but for the entertainment and food. We stayed at Caesars Palace and one evening we thought we'd try the "Gastro Pub" experience offered by none other than Brit Bad Boy, Gordon Ramsay. Truth be told, although I love to cook, I'm not a huge fan of cooking shows, and shows where Mr. Ramsay makes a buck by humiliating what are often hardworking (albeit out of their depth) restaurateurs I find less than edifying. As a fellow reasonably foul-mouthed Brit bad boy who has been known to yell on occasion, maybe I just find it too close for comfort.In any event, I love good Pub Grub so we gave it a shot. In their defense, the beer menu was excellent and the chips (French Fries for our US cousins) were authentically soggy and British... but beyond that, the food was just horrible... by far the worst we had all week. What was especially galling was the pretense that this was in some way Great British cuisine. Let's all agree on something... much (if not most) British food is horrible... really horrible. It's food made by poor people from less than great ingredients, typically over cooked under spiced and dull. It may have won us the British Empire... but it would get one star on Yelp on a good day. It is possible to do British staple dishes really well, with great ingredients and proper care Bangers and Mash or Fish and Chips can be killer... that's what's behind the current craze of "Gastro Pubs." Unfortunately, done poorly Brit Grub just sucks... as did the Fare at Mr. Ramsay's Caesars Palace joint.To start with the bread was stale. I had the fish and chips with mushy peas; my darling wife had the "mixed grill". The fish bore absolutely no resemblance to real Fish and Chips, and the mushy peas were simply green peas which had been pulsed in a blender for a couple of seconds... not remotely authentic. The mixed grill (to phrase it how Gordon himself might) was "F*@king atrocious". The steak was perhaps passable (though over-cooked and served cold), the weird pork belly thing was a revolting gelatinous mess, and the lame lone shrimp was either horribly spiced or perhaps spoiled. The waitperson did her best, and when I pointed out the shortcoming she apologized but made no effort to resolve.Mr. Ramsay, if you are going to use your brand and our heritage to foist over priced high concept but poorly executed crap to an unsuspecting world, would you at least take the "British" part out of your promotion to save us the national embarrassment.  There are a thousand chip shops or hole-in-the-wall cafes up and down our damp nation which wouldn't dream of serving up the swill you deal out in Vegas. It is (by the way) entirely possible to do that kind of fare well in a Vegas context, Todd English proves that to be true every day of the week. If the menu at Caesars was ever decent, it is being betrayed by your team there... sort it out!If this makes it to your hallowed halls, we ate on September 10th and our check number was 1884527.
5	I came here with friends a while back.  I really loved it here.  I'm mildly obsessed with Gordon.  I watch everything of his that I'm able to, having access to only what's on Netflix and Hulu, so when I saw that he opened a pub here, I jumped at the chance to go...especially since its a lot more affordable than the steak house. (still dying to try that one.)For starters, we had the Warm Salty Pretzels, with the beer cheddar and mustard spreads.  These were absolutely delicious.  Good thing we split them between four people, because I could have filled up on those alone.  We each got a sandwich/burger each:Welsh Rarebit Ham Sandwich:  I hate ham.  I really do.  But I wanted to try a bite of this sandwich so that I could say that I was brave and ate ham JUST because it was at a GR restaurant.  It was reallly good.  Open faced sandwich with lots of flavor.  My only complaint is that my first bite fell into my beer. :(  that was totally my fault though. lolPub Lamb Burger:  The menu gives you the option of feta or goats cheese.  My friend opted for the goats cheese, and I think this is the perfect decision.  The lamb burger was just a touch on the dry side, so the feta might have taken away from the taste of the burger.  With the goats cheese, it was flavorful and pretty good.  I'd order it, but like it a little less well done.  Pub Beef Burger:  This is the one I got.  Of course, I added the applewood smoked bacon. (duh.)  I loved it.  I thought it was the best tasting meal of the group.  Not only that, but the beer that I chose (Lucky Buddha) went with the burger perfectly.  It was a good size, very juicy, and perfectly cooked.  I'm kind of ashamed to say right now that I might have gone too long in writing this review to remember the fourth sandwich.  I could have SWORN that my friend had a corned beef sandwich, but I'm not seeing it anywhere on the menu.  So it might have been the beef cheek one, but I'm not going to review because I don't recall.  Whatever it was, it was really flavorful. :DI loved how the sandwiches were all served with REAL chips...they were perfect as well.  Not a single one was over cooked, and they were't super greasy either.I will definitely be going back, and hope to save room to try the sticky toffee pudding next time.  The staff was awesome, and I love the decor.  We were seated at a "coffee table" type setting with two love seats.  It was right in the middle of the restaurant, where I could watch the football matches in the other room (real football, not American.) :D  I felt that the price was good for the quality of the food.  4 of us ate AND drank for about $100.  Not too shabby.  Hm.  Maybe I'll go back this weekend... ;)  Now that I'm thinking about it, I'm getting hungry again. :D
1	Horrible. Greasy, flavorless and overpriced. Captain D's makes better fish than this place. Don't waste your money.
3	I stopped by here last night for an early dinner with my fiance.  We didn't have reservations and that did not seem to be a problem as we were sat immediately.  Our seats ended up being right near the edge of the casino and near the posted menu which was distracting for me.  Since it was a Sunday the tv's all had football games on them with the sound playing loudly over the restaurant speakers.  While i enjoyed that, i wish the volume would have been a bit softer.  The decor of the restaurant itself is quite cool with one room being divided from another with a wall of kegs and then there was some cool chandeliers and a lounge type area.  I also enjoyed the wooden chargers on the table as well as the silverware of which the bottoms reminded me of the St. George cross. What i didn't enjoy was the outfits of the staff as the hounds-tooth was hideous and i would have to agree with other users who said it made them look cheap and trashy.For an appetizer my fiance and I started out with the duck confit poutine.  Whenever it first came out I was unable to see any of the duck but I eventually found it lurking in the goodness of the poutine.  My favorite parts of it were the duck and cheese although the fries were nice and crispy except for the ones that sat too long in the duck gravy which ended up being overly sweet for me.  Who would have thought that this Canadian dish would end up on a English pub menu.  For my main course I decided on the shepherds pie.  Whenever it came out I thought that it looked a bit small but I was stuffed by the time I had finished it all.  The base was a mixture of beef and lamb combined with some carrots and peas and then topped with some mashed potatoes.  In the end it was a decent dish as the meat was tender but it did not really wow me at all.The bottom line for me is that I would probably not come back to the Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grille in the future.  While my meal was ok, there are too many other places nearby that are better and at the same price point or even cheaper.
4	The food was delicious!  The mac and cheese was my favorite.  However, we were at our table for almost 15 minutes before anyone acknowledged us. The server that ended up getting our order and drinks wasn't even our server - our server wandered up about 10 minutes later and made a comment about how the helpful server wasn't suppose to be with our table. I did enjoy the # of TVs around - I was able to catch up on multiple games during the meal.
3	The restaurant looked very appealing and the staff was excellent but when I Come to a marque restaurant I want my taste buds to decide if I'd return again;Deviled eggs were good but could be betterPork chops were fine too but they to could bed better Ice in my ice water would be nice tooKale, that was a first and not terrible in the leastIf it were local I may try again but sense I'm just visiting I highly doubt I'd return, to many other places to try my taste buds out on
5	I was actually surprised.... And pleasantly so! Taking in a show at Caesar's, we decided to hit Ramsey's place. Great pub feel and they were introducing many new items on the menu. We tried the fish and chips..... Best we've ever had. Light/fluffy and very tasty. We also had the pork chops that had good flavor and cooked perfect. The service was good. Different than what I expected.....but in a good way. Friendly and engaged..... Even saw the manager having fun with the guests.Yes its Vegas expensive, but overall, a great stop'
1	Well starters this place has a nice atmosphere but the food is crap.  I got the Bangers and Mash was normal sausage and instant mash potato.  Very surprised my wife got the Pub burger meat was extremely bland bacon was over cooked and didn't taste very well French fries where cold. I would save my money and eat at the buffet.
4	Good stuff!. We came here Friday night during my sister's bachelorette weekend.  Our server was extremely fun and attentive and we were able to get in and out fairly quickly to get to a show. We all ordered the steak and fries and enjoyed it. The drinks were expensive though, we each got one and decided to wait until after dinner to get more drinks elsewhere. Inside was buzzing with big groups, so looks like a good spot to bring a big party. It was loud and had good energy. Overall would recommend, make reservations, it was busy.
5	I had a very pleasant and fantastic experience here! I heard amazing things about visiting the pub & grill and I went in there with high expectations - - and they were met by far. My mom and I both had the pork chops. They were cooked to close perfection. We enjoyed them very much. Also ordered the Yukon Gold potato puree and the truffle mac & cheese as sides for the center of the table to share. Man! Now that was enough food for sure. I felt as if  I could roll out of there at any moment. Everything was so delicious that I made sure I over-stuffed myself.Service was great. Our waiter was on top of things the whole time. The food came out rather quickly for how busy it was. You MUST make a reservation. I was lucky to get one, and it was for a rather early time for 5:15, because that is all I could get through Open Table.If you are in town visiting - I highly recommend having dinner at Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill. Great service, delicious food, and Caesars is one of the best casinos to visit if you want great food and a great shopping.
2	I really Was surprised first with the food and Second the Service.The Food was the Minimum level,you know when  you go to Try a big name like that and Specially a Big Chef like Ramsay you will be waiting for something very Special from the taste of the Food and different choise of food on the Menu but the  food with this Place it was Really Really okay....The Service wassssss the Bigest Problem,i'm gonna Keep it like that.I can just tell you about the Service that i Refused to leave tip for the Waiter....
2	This was an average meal. We went on a Saturday without reservations and had an hour or so wait. They did have a nice bar to wait and a good selection of beers. I had the scallops. The dish lacked taste and creativity. One of my friends had  over cooked lamb and the other the sliders. I have to say the sliders were the best thing we ordered on the table. I would go back for an appy and a beer but would steer clear of the main dishes.
3	Came on Tuesday night specifically for The Scuffle!!!! I had been craving it for so long, its one of my favorite drinks! But of course, they were out of the Guinness cream which completes the drink! That was a huuuuge bummer.... One server said he doesn't think they'll get the Guinness cream like AT ALL anymore which saddened me even more =[We enjoyed the sticky toffee pudding! And Antwon was a pleasure. Every time I go there, he's at the same corner of the bar polishing glasses-- he is such a great character, he needs to actually tend bar, make the good $$$, and do what he does best.... INTERACT WITH GUESTS!! I came in New Years Eve, nearly 10 months ago, sat at the bar visited our friend who was the General Manager at the time, and Antwon was doing the same thing then-- COME ON, time for a promotion?!! Team Antwon!
2	I am only giving this two stars because the waiter was great. The food was ok, but generally bland and VERY overpriced. My wife got a salad with grilled chicken ($25) and the chicken was cold, left over chicken. The drinks were tiny. Overall, we just felt screwed. We planned to go to his other restaurants during the week, but after this was went elsewhere. I wouldn't waste your money like we did
4	Review delayed by several months so rather than misremember I'll be minimalistic.  We loved the welsh rarebit that came before the meal.  Our waiter (Mike or Michael, IIRC) was excellent.  The food overall was a solid 4.  The drinks were great as well but incredibly expensive; the bottled beer the waiter recommended to my husband was $25!  He said it was good but not THAT good.  I had asked for a cocktail that was sweet but didn't taste too strong; and that's what he got for me (it was $17).  It hit me pretty hard even though it didn't taste strong.I can't actually remember what my entree was (edited to add:  I think it was scallops?), though I remember dessert was some sort of parfait, and I remember that my husband and I both agreed on the 4 star rating overall.
3	Came on a Tuesday for Dinner, Ordered the oysters for a starter, super sweet little oysters and cocktail sauce with horseradish in it,  they were the highlight of the meal unfortunately. I was dissapointed by the current menu, came here last year around the same time and was absolutely blown away by everything and the overall style of the food choices, this year not so much, really narrow options with seriously predictable stuff, it's almost as if I went back in time to when it was first opening and they hadn't quite had time to make up any original dishes so they threw out the ol' classic favorites.. I ordered the scallops, they were ok. Cooked to perfection but nothing else, surprisingly bland! Nothing stunning about them though the portion size was fair. The amazing Girlfriend had the Salmon and it was also bland, almost like they didn't season it, very odd. Friend had the fish and chips. fish was good, batter was excellent, but the "chips" were undercooked! Prices here were also a disappointment. I payed what?! for That!? At least the Oysters were good!Must mention service was excellent, and beer selection was good, some tasty stuff on the drink menu. Maybe next time...
4	Lamb Burger with goat cheese! yes yes yes! The fries were good too. Great beer selection... that's all I remember! Convenient location if you're staying at the Caesar's palace. It's Vegas baby!!!
4	This place was just okay.  I had the shepard's pie and it was good but not memorable.  We were surprised that they did not offer us any bread so when we asked the server for some, she told us that there would be an $8 charge for it.  Really?.....atmosphere was wonderful and my drink was great ( blue sky?). Save room for dessert!   We had the sticky toffee and the peach cobbler and it was fantastic!
2	Seriously overpriced. I had the veal chop which was good, but Capitol Grille charges less. My dinner partner had the Shepard's pie which had a muttony taste. I didn't care for it.Our waiter was a bit of a retard. First he forgot to bring a Pepsi which we needed to fix the horrendous Long Island iced tea we made the mistake of ordering. Then he told us the fountain drinks were completely out. He spent more time gossiping in the back of the store, and not enough time watching the levels.Really can't recommend this place.
5	Stopped here on a Saturday afternoon in early October for a beer and a snack.  We were impressed with the tap beer selection and ordered a Boddington's and Fuller's ESB.  Both were poured well and were great.  The beers were a bit cold for these types of beers.  It was nice to find these on tap in Las Vegas!We decided to get a snack and ordered the crispy bait (some name like that).  The small fish were perfectly fried and had a crispy, light breading.  We changed from the standard lemon aioli to the curry aioli served with a separate menu item and really enjoyed that with the fish.  Maybe they could make an aioli choice with these standard on the menu.Bar service was perfect and we appreciated bartender Rains work.We will definitely stop in again next time we are in Vegas!
3	This was a nice night out!!! The company and atmosphere of the restaurant were great! The service was top notch with a great and attentive waiter, use of the iPad to tell descriptions and pictures helped. The good however was average. I wanted a burger, any kind really and all they had were sliders at dinner. These sliders were tiny, bread over buttered and average taste. The fries side was excellent!! Way more fries than any one person can eat! His fish and chips were average. We were going to share fries but he didn't get more than a handful. The fish was ok but too much butter in the batter. The other couple agreed!The dessert I got the toffee cake and it was too rich, everyone took a bite and we still couldn't finish it. The other couple got the berry parfait, I believe strawberry and said it was wonderful. It was finished before I looked up. Fun night, we sat there talking for awhile and felt kind of rushed to leave.... But we stayed till we all decided to walk around anyway! Off to shopping when in Caesars!!!
5	Wow, right off the bat, great looking bar. Waited for the cool sofa tables. Got great service, lets just leave it at that! Way to go, we'll be back when we're not so stuffed! Btw, great pub bloody mary!
4	Very good fish n chips. Server was pretty nice. She joked around about Janel getting busted. But I was very turned off by the attaire that the staff was in. Girls were in a short skirt boobs basically hanging out. I understand its a pub n all but coming from Ramsay I expected a little more
4	Just celebrated my birthday with family and friends at Gordon Ramsay's Pub & Grill. My sister wanted to go there and try the Scottish Eggs and it was not on the menu. The waiter was able to get it for her even though the item was being removed from the menu. I tried it, and it was delicious. I ordered the fish and chips and the fish was outstanding. I'm not a big french fry lover and I ended up giving them to my brother-in-law who had the Shepherd's Pie. He said it was very tasty. At the end of the meal, the waiter brought over a Stick Toffee Pudding to celebrate my birthday. YUM! The fresh caramel sauce just clinched it and I can't wait to go back again.
2	Waited over 30 minutes for our food... Fish and chips, lamb chops and lamb shank were ok. Scallops had no particular flavor. They were just salty. Accompaniments were less than desirable. Waiter was busy flirting with two ladies sitting at the next table. He stopped by once to check on us when we were nearly done eating. Don't come here if you want service. Trying to get someone to take our credit card so that we can pay and get out of here...
3	Then food is pretty good, but our waiter,Bryan, was not vegetarian friendly. I ordered the Caesar salad without anchovies and he informed me that is the way the salad came. I asked him to not add the anchovies and asked for a different salad dressing. He acted like it was a big deal to change the salad, we won't be going there again on Vegas visits.
4	Loved this place! Would have been 5 stars, but unfortunately, the service was a little lacking. Sporadic would be the best word for it. Started with truffle fries and a scotch egg. Both delicious. Grilled lamb for both of us - very buttery and tender, and the couscous with vegetables was a win. I wanted more and more and more. For dessert, hubby had the bread pudding and I had the sticky toffee - BEST sticky toffee I've ever had, and hubs enjoyed the bread pudding. Cocktails are pricey, ($15), but I really enjoyed them. Will definitely be back.
4	the service and food were great. it was disappointing to find out that the hells kitchen winner was NOT working there, apparently she had actually declined the job offer.either way, i'm a huge gordon ramsay fan and i enjoyed the food!
2	My boss took me here for a really belated birthday lunch. I wasn't really sure if I wanted to eat here due to being overpriced and mediocre reviews, but I figured we should at least give it a chance.For appetizer we got deviled eggs which were really good.I got the Shepard's Pie. It was so bland. I was rather disappointed with that.My boss got a sandwich that was essentially two giant pieces of bruschetta. She didn't enjoy that.My coworkers got fish and chips and the beef burger. You would think the burger would be just as good as the burgers at Burgr, but it wasn't. The service was ridiculously bad. We asked for ketchup and salt, waited forever, finally was able to flag down the waiter again and he said yeah, I'm working on it. Who says that and why would it take so long to get ketchup and salt?? Everyone was trying to eat slow, waiting for the condiments...The desert was amazing though. I got the Potted Triple Chocolate Trifle. If I were to go back here, I would just order that desert. And maybe the deviled eggs.
1	On, 10/03/2013 , My wife and I, had dinner at the pub and grill.  The food was not good, the service was bad.  We where hoping to have a good meal, we have been fans of Gordon Ramsey, for years.  I had the fish and chips.  My wife had steak and chips.  My Samuel adams was the best part of the meal.  We where going to try his steak house, but after this meal we ate elsewhere.  Very disappointed, as this was our anniversary trip.  Wayne and Mary Langner
4	I am a Gordon Ramsay fan so I wanted to try this restaurant solely due to that fact. The place was decorated nicely resembling a modern british pub even mismatched chairs and dark woods. Every waiter however wears the same weird outfit, which in my opinion should be rethought, but I don't like men in skinny jeans. Being seated took some time because the place was busy but I could see many unoccupied tables. Not enough help? Once seated the waitress was friendly and answered any questions we had. My husband ordered fish and chips. He wasn't impressed. He said the batter was bland. I had the sliders and although greasy they were very tasty. The absolute highlight of the meal was the truffle mac and cheese served family style! That was amazing! I would go back just to eat that! I would eat here again.
3	Had steamed mussels and clams, which were good. Toast that came up it was too salty and not much flavor. Service was fine. Casual atmosphere.
4	Went with the expected, fish and chips.  Fish was great, not greasy, cooked perfectly. Light crispy outside flaky inside. Fries were very tasty. Will definitely come back, wish I had ordered the bread pudding....next time. Was Crowded, noisy,fun atmosphere. Service was quick. Food hot. We did not have reservations.
2	Truly disappointed!!! Got the Scotch Egg. Very plain. Ale Onion Soup, plain. We waited with each item coming out. Over an hour after we sat we finally got our meal. I got the lamb rack -asked for medium, came out rare - no seasons. I had to add salt and pepper. The baby carrots were good and seasoned well and the mac'n cheese was good.. I told them 3 times it was my husbands birthday. The waiter came over after we ate and delivery of the check with all kinds of small talk....I plan to never eat here again...
5	What did I expect from Gordon Ramsey ? Perfection! And thats what I got. Great shepherds pie, great atmosphere and great service. I will most defiantly visit again .
2	Well, I have learned a few things from watching Gordon's reality TV shows... When food comes out within 5 minutes, that should be a red flag. Also, serving frozen, not fresh or per cooked food is also a no-no. I paid $ 70 for shepherd's, fish and chips, and one drink. And I hate to say it came out within 5 minutes. The food beat the drink to the table. The drink was delicious and very freshly made. The service was impeccable. My girlfriend's fish had bones in it and it tasted frozen. The fries also tasted frozen. My Shepherd's pie was OK but could of been better. My expectations were very high and I am quite disappointed.
4	Awesome bartenders, awesome beer selection. The food is very good but a bit pricey. Try the shrimp salad or the sliders.
2	For drinks and snacks while watching a game ok. For a real meal, find any of the 1000 other places on the strip to try. Service was slow and lackluster. Knowledge of the menu was way below par for a restaurant with this claimed pedigree.  Bottom line, trying to do upscale British food is a lose, lose.  Shepard's Pie was bland and about half way though butcher paper was found nestled in  with the plain mash potatoes which topped this wreck.  Stick to beer and fish sticks. You would be better off with that.   They really don't do much well for the price.
2	I wish we would have gotten to try it! No service was given for a good 20 minutes...and then the server helped the table next to us that was seated after us! We had to cut our losses and check out Mesa Grill across the casino floor! I'll never understand why these restaurants have 4 hostesses at the hostess stand and people aren't getting service!!!The menu wasn't that tempting anyways and the items that I looked up online and on yelp that I was looking forward to weren't even on the menu ;( Maybe next time Gordon... I really want to try Gordon Ramsay Steak though!
4	As a Vegas local, this is my go-to place to bring my out of town guests. For a celebrity chef restaurant, the prices are VERY fair. $20-30 an entree. Good luck finding that any where else on the strip (to all you people that are complaining about it being overpriced). The atmosphere is very very cool! Old British pub style with a hint of the Royal Family and a dab of punk rock. Love that the restaurant has an open facade; Ceasars is such a beautiful casino, it's nice that they embraced that. Cool decor with old barrels, chairs decorated with corgis, painting of bulldogs, etc. brings a nice little bit of England to the strip.I love the food here. I've ordered many things off the menu, and all were fantastic. My favorite is the Scottish Salmon; it is made to perfection. Their bread service is really interesting as well: comes with an array of different types of bread and sticks and delicious dipping sauces - new twist on an old tradition. The only reason this isn't getting 5 stars is because of the rude hostesses at the front. Attn ladies: I understand you work at one of the busiest casinos on the strip, but don't act like you are doing me a favor by taking my reservation. We had to wait at the main entrance for 5 mins before one of them even asked if I had been helped. They were all too busy chatting to each other to attend to the long line of customers.Also, the table service here can be a little slow as well. We weren't too bothered by that because the food was so awesome. Book a reservation online before you get here, it does get quite packed.
3	Food was 4 stars, service a paltry 1 star. I ate lightly, just a bowl of English Onion soup which was fantastic and a side of the mac & cheese which was above average, but not the best I've ever had. Main problem was the service. Even though we had 3 different servers waiting on us, they were all incompetent. Splitting a bill 3 ways shouldn't take 30 minutes which it took for them because they kept screwing it up. Improve the service and you might be looking at a 4 star restaurant.
2	Probably the biggest disappointment I have had in Vegas. I have been to other restaurants from Gordon Ramsey and have enjoyed them. This one was a fail on most levels.I found the food to be pretty crappy. Not good flavor profiles at all. All my food was even bland at times. I tried nearly everything that our table of 6 got. Nothing really wowed me.The service was slow. Not very attentive.There were 2 positive notes. The sticky toffee pudding (which is one of my favs) was really excellent. I would go back only for desert just for that. I also like the sound track of British music playing.Aside from that, I think Mr. Ramsey should take a page from some of his own TV shows and go in there and cuss people out for failing to run a good restaurant.  Whoever is in charge there needs a good yelling at.
2	This is the second time my girlfriend and I go here. What a huge disappointment. We got the onion soup and a salad. The onion soup was bland and the salad was soaked in dressing. Very disappointed, because the same salad and soup were so good the last time we were here six months ago. The waiter seemed like he was more interested in the game on the tv's than waiting tables. The other two times we ate here were amazing. From seeing other reviews, it seems this place is going downhill. What a shame. This was such a great place.The two stars are because the place was very clean.
4	The very first impression I made of this place was the barmaid seemed annoyed with me because I ordered a Miller Lite instead of a micro brew, craft beer, or a foreign beer. What she didn't realize was I had already been drinking those types of beers for many hours that day, but it was late and I was winding down with a Miller Lite. I ordered the Shepard's Pie and Mac & Cheese. Both were delicious. No doubt the best Shepard's Pie and Mac & Cheese I've ever had. A few days later a I took a couple friends back, and we sat in the dining room. The place wasn't that crowded, but the whole night our waitress kept disappearing, and leaving us hanging. She even apologized on one occasion for being gone for so long. It was actually kind of weird. One of the people I was with asked her what she recommended to eat, and she said everybody loves the fish & chips. When she walked away I told both of my friends how good the shepard's pie and mac & cheese were. My one buddy and myself ordered the fish & chips, and my buddy's wife ordered the shepard's pie. My buddy's wife loved the shepard's pie, but $28.00 for the fish & chips my buddy and myself weren't impressed. When you cut into a piece of fish you expect to see nice flaky fish. This fish wasn't flaky, and it was too greasy. My buddy also ordered the Butternut Squash Soup which he said was delicious.
2	Food was good but I was quite surprised when my Gin Martini got delivered and the lemon twist floating in it still had the sticker from the grocery store/orchard...clearly the bartender that peeled the twist and rimmed the glass with it, as well as the server that brought it didn't think twice about the fact that there was blatantly a large sticker that said, "Sunkist" floating in the drink as well
5	My friend and I had an excellent experience here. We came for a pit stop before hitting the strip on a Saturday night. There was a long wait for table, but we were able to walk right up to the bar and sit. I have to say, this was the way to go. The bartenders were our favorite company for the night! Antwone was hands down our favorite. Ladies, I am telling you, if you want a great view for the night, go no further. Antwone is the best view in Vegas.We ordered the chicken chop salad and scotch egg to split and I thought the food was amazing. The people at the bar were social and fun. The whole vibe was great.But like I said above, the bartenders were really our selling point for this place. I would go back to Ceasars just to visit this Pub again.....
5	The food was pricey but excellent! We went for simple, classic pub foods- Hubs had the fish & chips, I had the shepard's pie- both were incredible.
3	The food and service are worth 4 stars but the 3 stars are for the price. If you call yourself a pub I don't think you should serve a $20 burger or a $10 dessert. Just seems kinda anti pub to me. However my lamb burger was delicious! The sticky toffee pudding was equally delicious. I'm usually not a bread pudding dessert fan but it was one of the best things I've ever had. I've had the push pop version at burgr that is equally delicious. If it weren't for the price, I'd give this place 4 stars!
5	Excellent service and Cuisine.
3	Gordon Ramsay you bloody ass; you're an Englishman representing the culinary arts to satisfy the most demanding palettes...and yet you somehow failed!!!For a bloke (dude) that talks as much rubbish (shit) as you do on other people's cooking, you can't even make the damned FISH & CHIPS RIGHT!! The chips (fries) tasted like the chef you hired cooked it on some hot bonnet (hood) and then carelessly threw it on the plate...because it was super soggy and overly salted!The style and decor is amazing. If this place were to be solely judged on decor and service, this place would get a 5. But instead, the food was blah. My mate (friend) ordered the pork belly. Quite dry. Geez I can't wait for the next season of Top Gear.
2	This tells me everything I need to know about this restaurant.  I asked the waitress for a recommendation, and she said:"Oh I don't eat here!  I can't afford it!"The staff at the restaurant doesn't even get to sample the food so they know what to recommend to the customers?  I've heard TV Gordon fly off the handle about much less.  At the very least they could give a reasonable staff discount so that customers looking for an opinion about the specialty of the house could get one from the "presumed" expert who is standing at their table.My burger was fine.  Everything with Gordon is a "stunning" hamburger.  Mine was good....  Not great....  I wasn't stunned.Fries were good.Ketchup was probably the best part of the meal.... honestly.  In fairness it was pretty special ketchup though.For the price and the ego, I was hoping for stunning.  I got mediocre.
2	It's hard to believe this place is run by the same guy who screams bloody murder when his "TV chefs" don't get it right. We arrived for lunch and (even though the restaurant was only about 1/3 full) were told it would be a 30 min wait for a table. Huh? We decided to sit at the bar which was packed. We watched as arriving diners were told there was a wait for a table even though the tables near us never filled up. While we waited for our food we asked a waitress why we were told the wait was 30 min when there were so many empty tables that didn't fill up while we were there. She said they (not sure who that is) tries to "stagger" the diners so the kitchen doesn't get overwhelmed. She said she hates it because she doesn't make any money off empty tables. I told her I had a hard time believing a decision like that is left to two very young girls pretending to be hostesses and that a kitchen in Vegas run by a world famous chef can't handle a full dining room. CRAZY!Gordon! Don't be a donkey! If you're going to put your name on a restaurant make sure it embodies your customer satisfaction philosophy. Judging by the reviews this place is not doing that. BTW The food was just "ok".
3	Stopped in at Gordon Ramsay's Pub and Grill as a longtime fan of the TV show. It is clear and obvious that chef Ramsay is NOT in the kitchen. Had the Hangar steak and Chips and was severely underwhelmed. Has the chef here ever heard of salt and pepper? The steak was extremely tender, but bland bland bland. The, "chips" werent anything special either. For $40 for a steak i expected much more. Oh well, perhaps his other restaurants do better?
5	My husband and I went to dinner here the other night. Fantastic. We made reservations because we had read about long waits. We arrived and we're seated in minutes. I read some reviews that said that they staggered seating. I didn't see this happen. The tables that were empty for a bit seemed to be for larger parties with reservations. We also didn't have a long wait for our food. Waiting time, all around, was average. My husband had the lamb shank and I had the lamb rack. Both were delicious. The lamb rack comes with a couscous that is to die for. The sides not listed with your dinner come at extra cost. We ordered the mac and cheese, which was the best mac and cheese I've ever eaten. To be fair, the sides probably come at an extra cost because you don't need rhem. We both would have been full and satisfied with just our meals. Our helpings were pretty large. We struggled to finish the extra side. As a side note, I ordered my lamb rack medium and it came almost well done. This didn't bother me at all, since the only reason I didn't order it well is that we'll usually translates to burnt at most places. So I was perfectly satisfied with what I was served. There is a photographer that will ask if you want your picture taken at dinner. She comes around about 20 minutes later to show you the picture. You get three and a frame for like $18. She also stated that she worked for ceasears and does this at all of the restaurants and attractions within the hotel. So, no matter where you go in ceasears it seems this will happen. You can always say no and she will leave. She in no way pressured us into getting or buying our pictures. We also ended with dessert, because we were waiting for our pictured. We ate the pear cobbler, which was warm and gooey. It came with a sweat cream which evened out the dish very well. The only complaint I have about the night was that the chairs (not the stools) are pretty low compared to the tablw. I felt like a toddler trying to reach everything, no matter how close I got to the table. Other than that, great and interesting place! Would definitely eat here again if I was given the choice!
3	Very excited to finally have a Gordon Ramsay experience,  we stopped in on a recent Monday evening.  We were told it was going to be a 15 minute wait, but were seated within 5.  Things were looking up.    We should have checked the menu before going in though, because we really wanted to try a burger, but there was none on the menu.  Fortunately, our server told us he could get us one from the bar area, so that made us very happy! (we probably should have just gone to the bar, but we didn't know there were two different menus).   Having come from Happy Hour elsewhere not long before, we both just hydrated with iced tea, which was okay tea.  And since we weren't starving, we opted to share three things:  The onion soup, the burger and the infamous sticky toffee pudding.  The soup was possibly the best onion soup I've ever had...the broth was rich and delicious.  Not sure about anything that tasted like welsh cheddar rarebit though?     Big plus on the burger, they were kind enough to split it for us, so they brought us each a plate with fries.  The burger was very tasty, had a bit of a smokey flavor.  Good, but not the best we've ever had.  Husband kept saying he thought there was another meat in it besides beef...I don't know about that, I think he was tasting bacon.  The fries were okay, but unevenly cooked.  Some were mushy, some crisp and some in between.    The highlight was definitely the sticky toffee pudding.  Yep, it ranks right up there in sweet heaven like everyone says.  Service was also like most everyone has said.  SLOW SLOW SLOW.  We were in there for what felt like forever.  We even got to know our two-top neighbors from Canada, who seemed to enjoy the beet salad they shared and their scallop entrees.  All-in-all,  with all the choices in Vegas, I just don't know that there's enough of a draw to go back.
4	Let me first start off by saying I've been a fan of Gordon Ramsay for years, watching Kitchen Nightmares and Hell's Kitchen. The man knows what he is doing - He's failed and made a comeback so he knows the industry all too well.I visited Vegas 2/22, saw a sign on a taxi cab for the resturant and immediately made plans to go there for lunch. For a Friday afternoon, there was no wait, we were seated immediately so I was pleased. I couldn't help but compliment the staff's attire. The women's outfits were adorable! Newsprint style dresses accented with miniboots and chains/studs fit the resturants theme so well. I would definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas.
2	Very unimpressive. Dinner time and not overly busy. Seated promptly. Waiter 1 arrived with menus. We were in the bar and a guy was eating a burger. We read menu.... pork, veal, lamb, pork, pork ... duck. No burger. Waiter 2 comes by and we ask about burger and part of lunch menu. We can order but will take 30 minutes or more to get them since prep staff not present. 2 of 4 of us order burgers, 1 gets hanger steak and 1 gets fish and chips. We have empty drinks and not asked about refills. Ordered drinks with waiter 1 and drinks no show. Order drinks with waiter 2 and get 10 minutes later. When waiter 2 returns with the burgers but no hanger steak or fish and chips. Then drinks arrive from waiter 2, as we watched our drinks from waiter 1 sit on the bar for 30 minutes. Waiter 1 starts to deliver our drinks 5 minutes later and does an about face before arriving at our table when he sees the drinks on the table. But no one asks the other guys in our party if they want refills. I started this review on my Smart Phone which I had for a week and wasn't used to typing on it and now I am finishing it up a month and half later. But the upshot was it was one of the most unusual and memorable (not in a good way) dining experiences I ever had. I thought of filling out a card for management as I left, but I couldn't find one. I asked the hostess and she looked at me like I had 3 heads and a tail.
5	Contrary to most of the reviews for this place, I found GRPG to be a refreshing change of pace to the stuffiness (or severe lack thereof) of most Strip restaurants.What I found most impressive was that they cater to everyone. If you're looking for a fine dining experience, get a bottle of meritage and the veal chop. If you want a beer and some fish and chips, they can do that too.Speaking of fish and chips, they were phenomenal. Fat pieces of cod, seasoned perfectly, coated in boddingtons beer batter and fried to a perfect crispness. The homemade chips are tossed in herbs and Parmesan. Ask for a side of garlic aioli to dip them in. It's a revelation. But honestly, the best thing on that plate were the bright green and buttery mushy peas. They had such a beautiful freshness to them and really tasted like...well...peas! But the best peas you've ever had.We also had the shepherds pie. Down home goodness with a British flair. The use of lamb along with beef adds such a depth of flavor. Also, instead of using ground meat, the chefs braise it, so you get a nice stew like texture and flavor galore. The potatoes were creamy and rich and the vegetables inside were a perfect al dente.We finished this feast with the sticky toffee pudding. Just get it. You are missing something divine if you don't.Our server, Elyse, was kind, quick witted and on top of it. She anticipated our every whim. And a huge shout out to Raul and the amazing bar staff for such genius cocktails. These guys know what they're doing.All in all, this place rocked it.
2	So going into a restaurant with Gordon Ramswey's name on it, I wonder what he would do if this was a place on his famed Kitchen Nightmares. First off, let me say the food was good. the only problem I had with the food is that it's very overpriced. I should've gotten a much better meal for what I was shelling out. And the decor and service left something to be desired. I asked for my drink to be served with my meal, and my meal arrived ten minutes before my drink, and I couldn't catch anyone to help me out, to the point where I didn't bother asking for salt, because I didn't want to go through the hassle of trying to grab someone to bring me something that should've been on my table in the first place.Which brings me to the table: I was seated in an oversized barstool, a ridiculous piece of furniture for even a pub/restaurant, making me wonder if Ramsey really did have anything whatsoever to do with setting up this restaurant.If you're in Caesar's, don't bother with this place. Go to the Cheescake Factory instead. Better service and much more reasonably priced. And there's already salt on the table!Ramsey, put this restaurant on your list for you own show!
4	First Ramsay restaurant and it was great! I had a great table by the edge of the casino allowing for great people watching. I ordered the Shepard pie. This was the first time I ever had a Shepard pie! I fell in love! I was also served a some unique bread sticks with a variety of butters as a light app before the meal. Quick service was great allowing me to get in and out. Will be back for sure!
5	LIFE CHANGING!  No joke, everything we had here was amazing and the people that ate on both sides of our table couldn't stop talking about how great their food was.Our appetizer was the pretzels (so soft and you have to get it off the Pub Menu) with the housemade mustard and cheddar ale dip.  Then we got the bangers & mash (amazing), truffle mac & cheese (so good) and the sliders (on the Appetizer section of the Lunch Menu) which were so good because they were charbroiled.The desserts we got were the pear cobbler and sweet cream (whipped cream) which were really good but the best part of the entire meal was the sticky toffee pudding.  When I said life changing I mean LIFE CHANGING!  I've never had anything like it and I'm pissed that I probably never will again!We put in our reservations through Open Table and I'm glad that we did because there was a 30 minute wait.  At the moment we couldn't find the restaurant on Caesar's map layout online but it's right outside the entrance to the Forum Shops.
5	To die for! We went for lunch on a weekday and had no wait for a table. Our service was fast and our server was excellent! We had the French Onion Soup for starters. The server had them put it in two bowls so we could both have a good taste. It was just wonderful! I had the lamb burger with goat cheese. Unforgettable! It was so juicy and full of flavor. One month later I am still craving it! My husband had the bangers and mash, those were some of the best mashed potatoes I have ever had in my life! We will definitely go back next time we are in Vegas!
3	I dined for lunch on a Saturday. I was seated at the bar, and unfortunately I wasn't in the mood for beer as they had a great selection of brews on tap. The bartender was quick to take my order and the wait staff were very friendly and appeared very much into providing a great experience.I ordered the squash soup and it was serviceable but that's as much as I can say for it. It lacked the complexity I've had with squash soup at Mesa, Paley's Place, etc. Just a dollop of sour cream on top and served with garlic bread, so any crunch and extra flavor came from the bread.I was truly looking forward to the sticky toffee pudding, as I LOVE sticky toffee pudding. The pudding part was perfect, a lovely dense cake. But the "toffee" lacked much flavor other than being sweet. I'm used to the toffee being much more, er, toffee-flavored. Also, the server brought it to me without a spoon and had to go look for one after pouring the toffee syrup over the cake. Ah, well, that will save me lots of calories in the future. If it had been as good as the ones I am used to, I would be dining here every meal while in Vegas. I'm happy others were pleased by it, but for me it was a complete disappointment.This was my second time at a Gordon Ramsay restaurant and both have been disappointing, just lacking in much flavor and everything could use a dash of salt.
5	My last stop on my Gordon Ramsey restaurant adventure, and I'm ending it at the Pub. It has a great look. Very laid back just like an English pub. More of a relaxed atmosphere where you just kick back and relax with a drink and unwind. I came for lunch and was seated right away. Again great service. Very attentive server. Explains to me everything about the pub, and drinks they have as well as the food. Now I'm a big Chef Ramsey fan and I've seen his dishes at the pub on his shows that he did in Europe and I was extremely excited to finally get to try it. I had his signature Shepard's pie. OMG! Amazing! The beef and lamb stew with the creamy potato layer on top was fantastic. The meet was very very tender and had so much flavor. I also tried his signature fish and chips. By far the best fish and chips I've had! Big tender flaky fish fried to perfection with a light crispy batter. The crunch on the outside was great. The batter was thin and lots of fish on the inside! Amazing! The fries were just as good. Any time you get fresh cut fries it's always good! For dessert again I got his signature sticky toffee pudding. This one is similar to his steak restaurant. Served hot but with out the brown butter ice cream like the the steakhouse restaurant. Came with a vanilla ice cream. I had an amazing time at all 3 of his restaurants in Vegas. The food is amazing, he really knows his food and it shows. I'm definitely a bigger fan now!
4	Really good, strong cocktails. We had a great, attentive waitress. appetizer: The beet salad was good, nothing out of the ordinary for a beet salad, but pretty fresh. main: PASS on the fish and chips! cod tastes like it's a million years old, and the mushy peas side is so strange, it reminded me of hospital food for those that have trouble swallowing. no idea why it was $28--- decimal sign was probably misplaced, worth 2.80Side: roasted baby carrots with brussel sprouts was suprisingly tasty for vegetables. well done. Dessert: sticky toffee pudding with sweet cream ice cream... should've had this for my mine course. yummm
5	We've eaten at Gordon Ramsay's Pub Grill several times, and tonight wasn't any different!  A regular stop for us when we're in Vegas! Besides the wonderful food (try the hanger steak!), the service is top notch! Even though it's in the middle of a casino and can get crowded, the staff is what one would expect when eating at such a famous chef's restaurant. The waitress knew the menu, made wonderful recommendations, and catered to our every need. We started off with the Butternut Squash soup with herb butter (rich!), after I ordered the Traditional Shepard's Pie, made with beef and lamb. It's wonderful topping of whipped mashed potatoes browned to perfection is to die for! My husband ordered the hanger steak, and he offered me a few bites. So tender! Finally, we devoured the sticky, toffee pudding! I can't say enough about our waitress, or the table attendant. So friendly and always asking if we needed anything, and when dinner was served, she came straight by to make sure we were happy!  Awesome job!!  I nearly nicked Ramsay a star for a lady walking around taking souvenir pictures. She had a rattling loud gab fest at the table next to us in a restaurant that has to modify noise levels anyways. She stayed too long chatting it up at this table.  I don't think we need souvenir photographers in a world with Iphones. There was also a very large pool of water in the hallway in the kitchen area that I could see from the restrooms, and it was alarming they'd allow that to be tracked around. My paper menu was soiled as well.  Other than that, we'll be back!
4	The atmosphere was great and ambiance was nice. The service was superb as well. The food was so tasty. I had the bread pudding dessert it was to die for. Steak I had was cooked perfectly and our appetizer, pate, was so delicious.
5	My girlfriend and I just finished our meal here (as in haven't even received the check yet). Absolutely incredible food. I had the Scottish Salmon with a potato puree side and she the Lamb Shank. Both were phenomenal; even my beer burps afterwards are delicious. Service was quick and pleasant. I will recommend this place to anyone, and we can't wait to visit again.
3	Had dinner here with our friend. This place was DARK, like we could barely see each other dark. The service was whatever, nothing great.BF just had an appetizer of Toad in a...something? I don't see it on the menu. It was a sausage wrapped in puff pastry, served with a super spicy mustard and onion gravy. The sausage was pretty good, the onion gravy was delish, the mustard was way, way, way hot.I had Fish & Chips - very under seasoned. The fries were good, but obviously old, they were pretty mushy. The tarragon tarter sauce was tasty, as was the house made ketchup.My friend had the Shepard's Pie and he thought it was great.Overall, I thought it was just an okay meal. It wouldn't be on my list of places to try again, but in a pinch, it got the job done.
3	The decor for the restaurant is really nice. Really like the keg on the side. The place has scores of televisions. The restaurant is a but dark but nice. Mix match seating with living room chairs. Some of the seating sit low. We ordered the devil eggs for appetizer and fish and chips. The deviled eggs just was to much over the top for my liking. They had bacon and cheese in the filling. I do like the concept of putting the filling into your egg. The fish and chips, hubby like the chips as long as they were warm. I have mixed feeling about them. Love the ketchup!!!! The fish was really good along with the tartar sauce and mets vinegar. Oh the peas, ate all of those they were really good. Service what service??? Yeah okay right maybe next time service will show up......
5	Hubby and I came here for lunch. Great service and food. The Deviled Eggs were amazing. Hubby had the Beef Rib and Cheek Sandwich. I had the Fish and Chips. Both were delicious. We will definitely be back. Of all the celebrity chef restaurants, this had the best overall dining experience. And if you come for only an appetizer, get the duck confit fries....the gravy is the best gravy anywhere.
2	They get a half start for their beer selection.  Ordered the onion soup and it was a flavorless broth with untrusted bread and an enormous flop of cheese that was like bubble gum   The truffle Mac & Chee had overcooked pasta and the small amount of actual truffles were overpowered by the chemical truffle oil.
2	I requested an intimate table for two months in advance and we were seated at a four top near the casino floor despite there being far nicer tables open.  As we were so close to the casino floor we were bombarded by not only the sights and sounds of the casino, but the cigarette smoke as well. Then, one of the servers spilled water all over our table and never bothered to wipe it up, leaving our placemats and flatware in a puddle.  And they served our entrees less than 5 minutes after they served our appetizers which was not only unprofessional, but just downright rude.My Husband's Toad in Hole was tasty, and they cooked his steak rare, just like he requested, but the British Ale and Onion Soup was just so-so, and my Shepherd's Pie lacked seasoning.  Seriously, just a bit of salt and pepper would have been nice.  You'd think lack of seasoning would not be an issue at a Gordon Ramsey Restaurant! The only saving grave was the delicious cocktails and the Sticky Toffee Pudding.  I'd say go for drinks and dessert, skip the dinner, especially for the price!  I've now been to all 3 of Ramsay's Vegas establishments and would recommend Steak and Burgr hands down above this one.  I'm surprised they hail it as Gordon's hang out when he's in Vegas, because we found it.. well.. disappointing.
4	A good place for English food. We had lunch there. Quality food and great wait staff.
4	This review is only base on the service at the bar.Since we didn't have any reservation, we just walked in and found two available seating at the bar; we were immediately greeted by the bar tenders and they were all very friendly and cool.We had two glass of beers and an appetizer (we already had lunch before we came here); since I was already full so the husband finished the Deviled Eggs by himself, he said it was quite interesting, in a good way. I also enjoyed their decorations, Ramsay's photos were everywhere and my husband took a photo next to the big one outside their kitchen; the next time we come though, we'll need try more of their food.
2	GR Pub & Grill in a nutshell:Food - Awesome...and by awesome I do mean awesome, we were a table of 4 and all sort of shared each others entrees.  Highlights were the scallops and as crazy as it sounds the spinach side (forget the name, but its ridiculous). As for the rest of it...Service - pretty Awful (slow, inattentive, and gave off a couldn't care less vibe) Atmosphere - Good, Prices - Fairly Steep (but then again Vegas is kinda pricey these days) we hit Vegas every year and always take a lap or three through Caesar's even when we aren't staying there, but I can say that we probably won't be hitting this Pub again when we're back in town.
2	I can't believe this place has Gordon Ramsay's name on it - the perfectionist who gives his staff hell if the littlest thing is off??The menu is very meh, but maybe that's british fare for you. There weren't as many of pub food choices that were sharable than I would have liked, and cheaper and smaller glasses of wine would have been appreciated. The quality of the "bait" was very poor.Just overall a huge disappointment.
4	We loved it! We are Vegas locals and went on a Friday afternoon because we wanted to see if we liked this as much as BurGR. I ordered the onion soup and the shepherds pie and my boyfriend ordered the burger and fries. Both of us kept eating way after we were full just because it was so good. The service was fast, really friendly, and helpful with recommendations. The decor is hip and comfortable, and there was no wait at all on the last weekend before Christmas, which was a plus.The only cons in my opinion were 1) the price of beer, which is typical of restaurants in the casinos on the strip and 2) being seated right beside other patrons lacked privacy and was not seemingly necessary.I think this restaurant is a great example of what sets an expert like Gordon Ramsay apart from the rest. Everything was clean, organized, friendly, simple to understand, food was made very well, and the experience left us wanting to come back with friends.
5	Spotted dog hands down an amazing dessert. It's organismic good. Entree of choice is shepard's pie, totally delicious!
2	Seriously disappointed.  First off, we went during lunch - 1:00pm- they seated us promptly and wait staff was pleasant and timely.  However, we went to order, they informed us they were out of beef.  Beef?  Seriously at 1:00?  They weren't  busy, I see why now.  Then we order beer, it is a pub after all, and they have not beer glasses?  What?  The dishwasher broke?  After a mediocre meal, with high strip prices, I must say, I don't think we will be dining here again....
5	The best restaurant period! I loved everything. The pretzel bread. The Sheppards pie. The chicken, the streak and fries. The mac and cheese. The best dessert I have ever had (I can't remeber the name). The waiters where super nice. The seating was amazing. The menu was short and sweet. Every detail of the place was presented well. From the menu that was on a clip boared to the  place mats that were made of wood. I will come back and bring my mom :)
4	I'm surprised this restaurant doesn't have more stars. The ambiance of the restaurant is great--ranges from comfy sofas/couches to booths and fancier tables. Dim lighting and cozy wooden kinda feel...with sports games to watch. Our waitress, Daisy, is absolutely amazing and I think our experience would not have been as awesome if not for her. She had a great sense of humor, top notch service, and was completely professional yet personal at the same time. We ordered:Lamb shank: This actually brought my friend back to the days when his mother was still around and cooked him this as a young boy. The meat literally fell off the bone, and no knife was needed. An amazing dish, especially one that could trigger such nostalgic memories.Fish and chips: I loved their thick steak fries--well seasoned and pairs GREAT with their house-made ketchup--trust me, this ain't no Heinz. The ketchup is AWESOME. Apparently they make all of their sauces and you really can taste the difference--the tartar sauce for the fish and chips was also very well done. The fish itself was tasty and yummy, though not our favorite (which is actually a gluten free dish located in Florida), but it still was a winning dish in our tummies.Baby carrot side: This came with brussel sprouts and bacon lardon--I swear, bacon makes EVERYTHING taste good. This dish was simple and nice as far as veggies go, though I would have liked it cooked a minute or two more to get an even softer bite for the carrots. Still, not a bad side...though I might opt to try another side next time.Forest mushroom with frisee: It's literally shrooms and frisee. Granted, the frisee is very lightly dressed--just the way I like it and very fresh. The shrooms are delicious and well cooked...but that's really all you should expect. Nothing else fancy thrown in there.Overall, I really want to come back, say hi to our wonderful waitress, and to try their other goodies. Everything looks amazing...I've been to all of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants in Vegas, and  none of them have let me down yet!
4	I'm happy to give GRPG a solid four stars. Our meals were piping hot, and the portions were quite large. Also, beer lovers will find their line up of beers to be quite good. I went for something a bit different, and got myself a pint of pear cider. It went very well with their braised pork which I think was cooked to perfection.
2	First up i want to say that everyone that knows me knows that i am n love with Gordon Ramsay, with that said here we go. We go to Vegas every month been trying to decide between his steakhouse, burger or pub. We figured we would do the in between so went with the pub. Just went Dec. 23rd so it wasnt crowded at all. Got seated immediately. First up the tables r too low seats very  uncomfortable. Our waitress took forever just to come over and take our drink order which was just 2 sodas. Very small menu so that made our choices pretty easy. Now mind u its 7:30pm i havent eaten since breakfast bcuz i wanted to make sure i would b able to eat my meal and end it with a great dessert.Me: Had to go with the fish & chips of course bcuz thats all Gordon talks about, with a very heavy heart i must say i was not I'mpressed a matter of fact i was disappointed none of the dishes were flavorful. The only difference btween this fish & chips and HSalt fish & chips was it wasnt as greasy.Thank God they give u such big potatoe slices bcuz the fish pieces were small.My daughter: shepards pie n this tiny bowl, which she had to salt and pepper, but she did love it.My other daughter: braised lamb shank: shallow bowl/plate the lamb was very tender. Maybe if the meals came with a soup or salad or if they had some bread or something on the table u wouldnt realize how long it takes the food to come out. Once again we do splurge every few months on a fancy place and i dont mind if the total experience makes me say i cant wait to come back here, that didnt happen.This meal set us back $105.00 and just was very average. We went to the Chocolate Box and had some delicious dessert.Now, i wont b back here to eat but i will at least try his other spots.
3	My expectations for this place were fairly high, so I think I was a bit underwhelmed.I came to Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill twice during my recent travels - once just for drinks and snacks and once for dinner.With that, I think this is a great pub and a great place to have a drink.  For dinner... I would suggest spending your money somewhere else.I loved the atmosphere and the bartenders all had sexy Irish accents, so that was a nice touch.  The drink selection is great as well.  The whole restaurant has a very rustic and homey feel to it.The one time we came here for dinner I was underwhelmed by the food.  Mainly, because one person in our party ordered the mussels and at least half a dozen hadn't opened.  Anyone who knows anything about seafood should know that un-opened mussels usually means they're no good and a good chef should never let those out of the kitchen.  When we pointed that out to the server, we just got a shrug of the shoulders. Umm... ok?!Honestly, I can't even remember what I ordered, so it wasn't that memorable.  My husband had the Shepherd's Pie and thought it was good.With all the fantastic food choices in Vegas, I wouldn't waste my time here for dinner.  Just for drinks!
5	I'm not sure I went to the same place as others. Either that or some people get some kind of weird thrill out of nitpicking celeb restaurants rather than reviewing honestly) We ended up here Christmas Eve after deciding that the 4 hour wait for Bacchanal wasn't putting us in the holiday mood. We asked for specific seating (not  wanting to sit at the pub tables) and received it with a smile. We started with the pork and duck rillettes, which were delicious and well prepared.Our table of 3 had the hangar steak, the scallops and the pork belly with the baby carrots and potato puree to share. Steak was flavorful and tender (the server did suggest my Mom order it no more done than medium which was a good call), the scallops were very well done and the pork belly was yummy.Desserts were beyond good. We had the triple chocolate trifle, the pear crumble and the spotted dog.Total for our table with 3 entrees, 2 sides, 1 app, 3 desserts, 2 glasses of wine and bottled water was $240. Service was impeccable and friendly.This is pub food at its best. English pubs, by the way, are not known for huge menus, so to expect a Cheesecake Factory type menu here is ridiculous. It is actually a fairly extensive menu for a pub. Prices were in line with other casino restaurants of the same pedigree.
5	had a unique Xmas day dinner of fish and chips, mushy peas, carrots and sprouts....my wife had been wanting to try out a GR restaurant for a long time......he passed with flying colors. Our server, Natalie, was excellent ( friendly polite and professional .....could ask for nothing better). Ambience delightful.....lovely mix of seating, comfortable chairs, great pictures, good lighting, interesting tableware and obviously a great deal of thought had gone into everything...and I mean everything, including the staff uniformsWithout any doubt this was the best fish and chips we have enjoyed anywhere in America. Fish was fresh with perfect texture and the batter was crispy and non greasy...chips chunky, great taste and sauces were all fresh......not sure why anyone can't enjoy great pub food and friendly service in very comfortable and interesting surroundings we will return on every visit to Las Vegas
5	The wife wasn't hungry so it basically became a 'stop for a pint' adventure at the bar. It ended up a 4 pint long stay mainly because they had the best bartender we've had in 11 days in Nevada. RAY RAY. He kept topping up my wife's orange juice and giving me large free samples of beers I was curious about. I would definitely eat there next time. Wish the place was closer.
1	I just threw up the morning after we ate at Gordon Ramsey pub and grill I ordered the salmon which was the worst thing I have ever eaten in my life. The waiter never asked us how our food was and there is no condiments on the table not even salt honestly I want to puke right now thinking about it for someone who critiques food for a living critique your own food
2	We actually thought it was pretty hilarious.. the soup we ordered was served first (butternut for me.. french onion for him) and it was fine..not fabulous but good and we were hopeful. Then came the pork .. considering the way Mr. Ramsay goes on and on, screaming and yelling at people about their ineptness in the kitchen it was downright funny. This meat was hard as a rock and completely inedible.  In the waiter's defense I did see him show this meat to the manager..stabbing at it as if to say ...see? and  no they didn't attempt to charge us for it.. they offered to make more but we were leery so alas we left  with our appetites only whetted. Kind of fun atmosphere, and nice waiter.. but oh Gordon how can you justify being so rude when your own cooks don't have it together?
2	We recently visited Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill in Caesar's Palace, Las Vegas for the first time. We had been to his restaurant in the Paris Hotel the year before and absolutely loved it. The was good, however there were some issues with the service which is why my rating is low. We were sitting towards more towards the outside of the restaurant, closest to the interior of the casino. During our dinner, a holiday giveaway was going on inside of the Casino and crowds started to appear right by the restaurant. At one point, people's behinds were practically in our faces! Also, people were coming into the restaurant and started crowding us as well. I could barely enjoy my food as this was annoying and none of the staff said anything or did anything about it. I heard another woman behind us complain but apparently nothing was done about it.As stated, the food was good, but the entire experience was ruined as a result of this "crowding." Hopefully, in the future, the staff will address this type of situation so as not to ruin the dining experience.
4	I came to Caesar's Palace Starving and I was headed for Bacchanal.  But, as I was deterred by long lines, I'm glad I made the detour for this restaurant.  I had better food, I had great service, and I spent less than I would have at the buffet for that weekend!My girlfriend loved the braised pork belly dish and I was glad to have their Fish n Chips with a side of beer. The fish and chips was well prepared and it was a very generous portion.  It was served with a rosemary tartar sauce and garlic mayo.  I really enjoyed it.My top recommendation is that you absolutely cannot miss Ramsay's sticky toffee pudding.  It was so good that I'm going to plan to stop at this restaurant the next time I'm in town.  I was happy to find out that this dessert is a staple at most of his restaurants.  If you have the opportunity...get that dessert!  It's a warm toffee pudding - the consistency of bread pudding - and it's served with a hot caramel sauce and cream fraiche ice cream.  It isn't overly sweet and it's a very well balance mixed of flavors.Next time I come back, I really want to try their braised beef cheek sandwich and shepherd's pie.  Overall...my girlfriend and I were really glad that we made the detour for this pub!
5	Been here 3 times and it's always a pleasure. This last visit was dinner on New Years Day so seating was tough but luckily,  I'm a Diamond Rewards member at Ceasar's so got it pretty fast so thanks to the kind hostess.  Kimberly,  who served us, was very friendly and accommodating.  She always check on us to see we got everything we need.  Was not that hungry so just had the slider burger with cheese and bacon which is cooked to perfection. The wife had the veal chops which is delicious so only bones was left.  Bill for 3 adults and kids was $211 after Total Rewards discount.  Will definitely come back.
2	They don't have ranch dressing and you better bloody well not ask for it! I guess this is the restaurant people go to when the line for the buffet is too long. It is over priced. ($9.00 for 7 green olives!) Kinda pretentious and mean. Thet mac and cheese wasn't bad.
1	Overpriced mediocre food. I really didn't enjoy the food and no matter what do no order the beet salad! By far the worst one I've had! So disappointed.....
1	Disappointing at best. Food cold. I sent mine back and they microwaved it I think. Unremarkable in every way except the overpricing. Boo.
4	My boyfriend and I dined here on December 27, lowering our expectations after reading some of the recent reviews. We were pleased with our overall experience. We arrived around 7pm, were seated immediately without reservations, and were well-monitored by relatively friendly staff. We both got the fish and chips with some drinks. There were four huge fillets of fish and plenty of chips (fries), and everything tasted great. No disappointments! We should have split the dish (and I wish our server had warned us of the portions but it was our responsibility to ask). The beer and my cocktail were good (I got the mocha martini) but both arrived at the end of the meal, which was annoying . However, our server apologized for the wait, explaining that the bar was backed up. I liked the decor of the place, the servers' and host/hostess's uniforms were really cool classic British punk themed.My only significant complaint is regarding the few tables behind the host/hostess counter. The table was very high compared to the low-resting chairs and made for an uncomfortable dining position. The table was also a bit wide and it was difficult to have a more intimate evening when we were seated so far apart and had to have a shouting match over the casino music.We may be back again but I want to check out Ramsay's other establishments.
1	Is there a zero star option? Because, that is my rating.  Extremely disappointed and offended. When I arrived at the Pub and Grill, I noticed that the establishment was extremely empty. I thought this was odd since it was New Years Eve and the strip was packed. the hostesses did offer an ala carte menu, as I was not interested in their main menu for the evening. The bar was open seating, so I decided to eat there since other establishments looked really busy.  My friend and I were hungry since we hadn't eaten in a while. At first the waitress seemed very friendly, and she offered us drinks. We ordered a pear ale, and it was very tasty. We didn't see the waitress for quite some time to order our meal. When she arrived, I ordered the sliders. When they arrived I was extremely disappointed. First of all, it took it seemed forever for the food to arrive. Secondly, the burgers were just buns and a burger no toppings. The buggers were the size of a quarter, they were extremely dry, and lacked taste. After visiting Gordon Ramsay's burgers we had very high expectations.  That establishment was phenomenal. Gordon Ramsay's burgers had a very friendly and helpful staff, and excellent, I repeat, excellent tasting food! The sliders that I received from the pub and grill were sub par. After I was finished with the disgusting sliders, I didn't see our waitress to receive our bill for more than 45 minutes. I even held my card up for at least a half an hour with no response. I would have spoken to the restaurant manager, however we were pressed for time for the firework show. I did write a note on the credit card receipt about how it did not compare to Gordon Ramsay burger, and that I was disappointed. To top it off, 20 percent gratuity was automatically charged to the bill. I did not feel that the waitress who neglected us deserved to receive 20 percent. I will not go back to this restaurant, and I will not recommend it to anyone I know. However, I highly recommend going to Gordon Ramsay's burgers!!!
1	Worst service I have ever received in a restaurant!! If I were Gordon Ramsay I would be embarrassed to put my name on it. I was there on New Year's Eve and the restaurant was empty. Their dinner special was 100.00 per person. We asked if they had another option and were given their ala cart menu. My friend and I both ordered the sliders and a pear ale. We waited for a long time for our food to arrive. When it did I was shocked at how small portion was. The sliders were about the size of a half dollar coin and were nothing but bread and dried out burger. I only ate one because I was having a hard time swallowing the dried out mess. After receiving our food our waitress didn't come back. I then asked a busser for a to go box ( I would have just left the food but for those prices I was taking it with me), he didn't return. When we saw him again my friend reminded him I was waiting for a box. He apologized and brought me one. My friend held up her credit card for at least 30 minutes trying to get our waitress to bring our check. Finally when the busser brought my to go box we asked him to get our waitress to bring our check. We noticed that a couple who were seated about the time we got our food had still not had anyone approach their table and take their order by the time we finally got our check. When we received our check we found they had already tacked on a 20 percent gratuity. I guess they do that because they would never receive a tip otherwise. My recommendation.... Don't Go There!!!
2	Would have given it 4 stars as the food was good but service was not.  Started out good enough but halfway through our meal our waiter came to our table, shook both of our hands and then informed us he was going home because he was sick.  Wow!  Thank gosh we had hand sanitizer.  I then asked my next waiter if I could speak to the manager and he asked "why", that was odd....none of his business but I told him anyways.  Finally the manager came by and when I told him about our sick waiter shaking our hands he said "I know, he's been wanting to go home for over an hour".  So...the manager knew he was serving food and was sick.  we did get free desert but I'm surprised with Mr Ramsay's focus on service that he would have a staff this clueless working there.
3	I came here initially at the opening for a yelp event with my sister as her plus one.  It was memorable and the food was great.  I just returned since my first visit and unfortunately I can't give a rave review anymore. My sister's onion soup was delicious however at the bottom she found a little plastic surprise.  No good. Then our entrees came. She ordered the fish and chips.  The chips were stale,  not even warm. I had the Shepard' s pie.  Flavor was great however it wasn't heated all the way thru unfortunately.  I really wanted to like this place.  But between the very slow service and mediocre, overpriced food I will not return.  "Damn, such a shame" -Gordon Ramsay
3	*  Welcome Experience-  OrdinaryNothing to note here.  *  Establishment-  OutstandingIncredible!  It's Vegas!  BIG and LOUD like it should be!  Casino dining!*  Service-  DiscouragingThe people were friendly enough but you had to flag one of them down to get anything done.  Busy?  Yes but is that any reason not to provide reasonable service?  No.*  Food Quantity / Quality / Presentation-  EncouragingThe food here was INTERESTING and executed fairly well but was definitely not as good as I expected.  $28 for fish and chips?  That should be done VERY WELL not JUST OK.   *  What I'll remember-  The unique decor and ambiance is very cool.  *  What I can't wait to forget-  The intermittent service issues - AND the menu has DUAL pricing, less for those who have a total rewards card.  We gave the total rewards card with the payment.  They never applied it for the reduced rate.  We had to ask for them to give us the reduced pricing.  It took forever and was SHADY...They should have just APPLIED it without me having to call them on it.
4	Gordon Ramsey is a nice place to grab dinner with your coworkers and friends. On game nights it gets a little loud with the all the excitement!The food portions were perfect, and well presented
2	The only reason we came here is because we were watching a concert and wanted a resto close by. I would suggest skip the food and stick with the beer. The beer selection is really good but can't say the same for their food. Some of the items that were decent: frisee salad with mushrooms, duck rillettes, mac & cheese. Don't order their sliders, super dry, tasteless and nasty. If Chef Ramsay saw the sliders I got, he would toss it across the kitchen. Their service is pretty good, the server was super friendly. Overall, don't come here unless you want to drink a few beers before a concert.
4	Modern but relaxing pub that features elevated British pub food in a comfortable and lively setting showing sporting events from across the world.The centerpiece of the restaurant is a striking bar with an array of beer taps and a backdrop reminiscent of iconic British telephone booths.Went with a large group and we enjoyed every single dish we tried: deviled eggs, English ale onion soup, shepherd's pie, a selection of sausages, fish and chips, pub burger, butternut squash soup, pork and duck rillettes, beef check sandwich and their roasted jidori chicken. All dishes were delicious and perfectly cooked - truly can't decide what we loved the best (although I have to admit, these were some of the best fish and chips and shepherds pie I've had to to date).It was also relatively affordable (although make sure you have the Caesar's rewards card to get the better pricing on the menu). Our waitress was attentive and courteous.  We will surely be going back.
5	It's sad to see anyone not have a great experience, as we did here on our most recent visit. We had reservations and were seated immediately. There was a line to check in. Thankfully, our table was ready.I love the modern old pub feel with images of London all around. Gosh, we ordered enough to share and seriously, everything was so good! I had he'd the pork chops with a chunky apple sauce- chops were cooked perfectly. Fish and chips we're not oily and had just the right crunch-the fries are just the way I like them crunchy in the outside and soft on the inside. Braised pork belly- oh yeah a winner. I can't even deep scribe the taste really just that I was so happy eating it. We also had the home made pretzels with the mustard dipping sauce. Great with beer! We shared the toffee pudding and I had to stop myself from finishing it had to share win other, plus I was so stuffed that I didn't want to roll out of there!The service was excellent and entertaining. I think the waiter knew what he was getting himself into when he first met our party. This was such a great time you can only go in and experience it yourself.  Definitely visiting again on my next trip to Vegas. Love the pups painting at the bar!!!
1	for a chefs restaurant it was incredibly disappointing. Horrible service-it took the food 45 minutes in an empty restaurant, and when we finally received our food it was mediocre at best. I won't make the mistake of thinking that a Gordon Ramsay restaurant will be good based on the name again.
2	Way overrated burger. Hard to believe when paying 21$. The service was good it's a shame the food didn't match.
5	Please note:  I am a huge Gordon Ramsay fan. I decided to check out his restaurants to see whether they meet the standards he professes. I think they exceed!1. Sevice: This is the second of his restaurants I've visited. When I returned for a second go the waitstaff remembered me by name! :-)  They are all wonderfully entertaining and attentive gentlemen! I advocate eating at the bar.  They are talented, too! Describe the flavors you're craving and voila they will make or recommend something delicious.2. Food: Need I even comment given my caveat? I have had the: Scotch egg, heirloom carrots, Queen Vic Curry crisps & the chocolate triffle.  The heirloom vegetables are amazing, savory and just the right texture.  No floppy, flaccid carrots here!The triffle is a snowballing surprise.  It is like consuming a chocolate cloud.  The tiny cookies served beside it hold multiple mysteries themselves.As you can see I did not try an entree. I must share that a side and appetizer or a side and a dessert are plenty filling.  Plus,  I'd already been to BurGR so I wanted to try things that were new to me.  3. Ambiance: Fun and relaxed even on busy evenings. I don't think any sourpusses are allowed in here! Furthermore, I found myself seated beside Englishmen who were endorsing my selections.  Any future Las Vegas trips will include a visit here!
4	Just stopped in for drinks but those drinks were worth a review. I had the Pub Crawl. A ginger and bourbon concoction that was fantastic. Wife had the Blueberry Smash. Awesome and I don't generally even like blueberries. Our bartender Tom even gave us a free drink experiment using basil, ginger and lemon. Don't even remember the liquor base but it doesn't matter. I think we'll be returning this week for dinner because the fish and chips next to us looked and smelled amazing.
5	Started at the Charlie the bartender greeted us well he recommended three IPA beers that they had to serve I had a dogfish head I highly recommend having one shortly after the rest of my party arrived we sat and had lunch we started off with two appetizers the pretzel sticks were amazing and the deviled eggs was like something I have never tasted they were phenomenal! Lunch came out I had their fish and chips the fish was so soft great taste are server was very attentive great costumer service I will be back soon.
4	Very good. The waiter was very helpful and friendly, and the food was great. Our table had the fish and chips, shepherds pie, shrimp salad and their equivalent of french onion soup. Everyone tried everything and everyone was very pleased. Good drink selection. Would recommend coming here.
5	The service, food, and atmosphere was outstanding. I made a reservation the day before. We were seated promptly upon check in. I will definitely be back.
5	Great service and food was real delicious and came out pretty quick. Loved the vibe in the restaurant. I had the beef sliders. They were a little small in portion, but very tasty.
3	Four of us shared Braised Lamb Shank, our favorite, Braised Pork Belly, was fatty, Roasted Jidori Chicken, dry so dry, and Fish and Chips, same as most places, mushy peas were a hit.We asked our waiter what he recomended and he just said it's all good.  When asked specifics, he said the same thing.  He either hates the food or he hasn't tasted anything.
4	Stopped in for a quick drink with friends and we all ordered the same thing - the goodbye blue sky. It was a really delicious cocktail and I could of had at least 2 more!
3	This was a good experience.  This restaurant was somewhat empty at 8pm on a holiday weekend night, even though the restaurant was hosting an international rugby team and a chance to speak with them.I ordered the fish & chips, one of the starred items that was noted as a favorite.  It was very good but not excellent - I like the fish n chips by Elephant & Castle better.  The fish was small, the menu ala carte.  Lemon and malt vinegar had to be requested after the food was delivered.  Meh.The service rode the line of slow-attentive.  Our food took 45 minutes to arrive and we were left for long periods unattended.   I was sad that no pub burger was in sight on the menu.  We were not offered bread while we waited.
5	My husband and I made a quick stop here while we were walking through Caesar's, and I'm glad we did.  We were immediately taken care of by Ramon - super cool.  I ordered the pub spots.  The spots were tiny but were definitely packing flavor.  We can't wait to return to try something else!
1	Strip casino dining in its purest, most naked state of corporate cynicism. Enormous space packed with unsuspecting diners, a cautiously daring menu, an army of impersonal wait staff buzzing to and fro, European sports on surrounding flat screens--everything about this place feels like it was washed through a series of trend spotting gastro-bots. But at least you get to wait way too long for your food, and as a special feature it's all ridiculously over priced. A pint of bass will run you ten dollars. Ten. Dollars. For a pint. Of Bass. Let that sink in. Two of us ordered fish and chips and one went with hangar steak, all served with French fries. Thirty minutes later plates arrived with luke warm, flaccid fries and serviceable proteins. The fish is substantial yet flaky and comes with a tarragon tartar which is a nice touch, but the whole thing lacks any kind of contrast in flavor or texture. Hangar steak was cooked properly, end of story. Hardly deserving its thirty dollar price tag. The table shared a sticky toffee pudding for dessert, which I have read much about. Moist cake, small scoop of generic vanilla ice cream, and standard warm toffee--enjoyable, but unexceptional. Overall, the "pub" fails miserably for how much it promises yet doesn't even attempt to deliver. More proof of the inherent evils of scaling ever upward. Everything about this place, the size, the insane prices, the vague service, the thoughtless dishes, exists merely to support its own fat, bloated fanny.
5	I really liked this place! I came because my husband had come with a friend during Nascar Weekend and raved about the lamb burger. The lamb burger I had was amazing! I also hadn't eaten any real food for about two days (We were there for a convention) so I got the carrots and brussel sprouts for a side and they were perfect and al dente and very flavorful! I can't wait to go again!
5	I have no idea how this place is only rated 3 out of 5 stars.  This place is amazing!!!  Although it was a while back when I went (Summer 2013), it was the best food I ever had in my life.  The braised beef or whatever I had was AMAZING.  I don't know if it was because of here, but I was on the toilet for the next 24 hours, but it was all worth it.  No joke it was amazing.  My friends salad may not have been the greatest, but the 3 course meal that I got was absolutely perfect.  Not to mention the waiter we had was a really nice guy.  He heard me and my friend were from Hawaii and how big of a fan I was of Gordan Ramsey, he hooked us up with a couple of cups, matches, and I even took the napkins cuz it was all Gordan Ramsey labeled.  This place was by far the greatest restaurant I've been too and I can't understand how it's not rated anything less than a perfect 5.  From the appetizer, meal, and desert...  It was to die for.  I can't wait to go back to Vegas and eat here again.  Better yet, open up in Hawaii please!!!
1	do not go here!  horrible staff!!!  we had the worst experiance at this restruant that i have ever had.  staff is extremely rude especially the girl who thinks she  is tuff pouring water. food took way to long, we had to leave without are food because we were going to miss are show.  are waiter hardly came by to update us on are food, we sat for an hour waiting on a chicken breast and fish & chips.  are waiter came by once and told us are food is being plated, 20 minutes passed and no food!  then he came by again and said the cooks want to make sure the chicken is cooked all the way.  sorry, chicken breast dont take an hour to cook.  the girl who was walking around pouring water said to us "there is nothing i can do".  shouldn't be in that line of work with that kind of attitude.  will never go close to this place again!  gordan ramsey should be ashamed to put his name on that place!  and, im typing in capital letters i want everyone to read this.
1	Wow Gordon you really need to do a field trip visit to your Pub so disappointed I don't know where to begin.  Firstly hubby  and friends ordered the fish and chips I had the butternut squash soup.  Within in four minutes of ordering our food even before out drinks showed up out comes our food.  So hear we go  you can't call garden peas bashed with a spoon mushy peas anyone who knows anything about British food knows mushy peas have to go through a process to be entitled to that name.  The food tasted reheated which it had to be unless they have the fastest deep fat fryer known to man.  Chips were soggy French fries and I won't even try to describe the tasteless mushy Cod (peas mushy fish not is a good way to go.  Soup was ok just ok but for $13 I was expecting some flavour.  Thought I would mention to the manager how disappointed we were and not Yelp.  He was so not bothered and I was very diplomatic he said he would look into and just walked back to the front desk.  Come on people show you at least care and Gordon if you are going to put your name to something please at least check they are doing your name some favours I am a huge fan but not of this place.  We sat at 8.15 and were out of there by 8.50 these guys make MacDonalds look slow.  Give it a miss folks.
5	We came here for their Super Bowl party.  Such a good time!  The food was tasty, service friendly and the beer kept on flowing!  Ask for RayRay at the bar, he will take great care of you!
1	I was very disappointed by this place. If you watch any of Gordon Ramsey's shows he always talks about quality. This was very poor quality food. Frozen fries, weird watery meat in Shepard Pie, and a rather bland in eventful burger. It is also expensive. Just blahhhh.The whole Gordon Ramsey thing is just an act to sell overpriced food. The winner of his Chef show that was supposed to be the Chef of the restaurant failed her drug test so she is not there either. So they are just a ship at sea with no sail. I have spent time in England and this is very much on par with British food. It is pretty bad.
5	This place exceeded every expectation I ever imagined.  The Scottish egg appetizer was perfectly prepared with a runny yolk.The pub lamb burger was heavenly. The beef cheek sandwich was really well cooked with a nice horseradish sauce. The Bass on draft was smooth.   Coming back for dessert for tomorrow night.
3	Good sliders but too generate, not cool enough for Chef Ramsey.  Sliders had basted buns and great moist meat.
5	This is a classier looking, English pub style counterpart to the series of Gordon Ramsay restaurants around the strip. During my weekend trip, I ate here and at Brgr. Both had memorable dishes that I'm not likely to forget.The sticky toffee pudding is what took the cake for me here. It was magnificent. I've never had anything like it. Definitely made me feel like I might have diabetes after eating, but it was well worth it.The staff here are super friendly and above all, patient. I needed a moment to look online to make sure the root beer options they offered were caffeine-free (both were) because I have a heart issue, so any mistakes wouldn't fair me too well. I really appreciated how kind the waiter was about it.My husband loved his pork belly so much that he wanted to attempt to make his own when we got home tonight!
4	They take boring pub food and make it taste good.   The pork chop was the best.  Great service from all.  Had the chicken come out cold.  They took care of it right away and com the one meal.  Things go wrong how you How you it makes the difference   Very good
2	Gordon Ramsay needs to take his name off this mess. The beer selection is great. The service was decent. The portions were small... small portions at a pub? The food was nothing special. 4 non spectacular dinners and two small beers $140. Dollar for dollar the worst disappointment of the trip. We ate foot long hot dogs within two hours in the forum shops. Next time I will spend a little more money and eat somewhere nice or spend a little less and eat at a real pub.
3	We did family style and ordered the chicken, fish and chips, mac n cheese, and lamb burger.  For me, I would just go back for the fish and chips. Everything else was just mediocre. However, for lunch it was quite expensive. The waiter was nice. Not sure if I would come back.
4	How a cranberry vodka drink can taste so special is beyond me! The bartenders here are ridiculously good at what they do. They take their s*** seriously.  Everyone around us was in OOOHS and AHHS over the sheer perfection of their drink.  I had a moment (maybe a buzzed one) where I thought "Wow.... mixed drinks are an art".  I like it.  And since I didn't want to eat a full meal, I decided to splurge on a few appetizers to share.   Deviled eggs (with bacon), pretzel, and olives. All fantastic - particularly the eggs; they got a little creative with them (but nothing too far out there!).  Will be back!
5	Second visit and still Ray Ray taking care of us at the bar. I ordered the fish and chips and wife had the butternut squash soup. I grew up in the U.K on fish and chips so I've had a few in my lifetime. The beer battered cod was everything you'd expect. I'm taking off a 1/2 point as you never get shoestring chips in England. The fries were a bit of a disappointment. I'm adding a half point on how well they did the peas. First you have to like peas and then again you need to like mint as it's seems to me a combo dish. Personally loved it. Wife had the butternut squash soup and practically licked the bowl. Bartender service outstanding. Will be back next visit.
4	Awesome.Would love to give this place a five, but I can't. And here's why.The location is right on the casino floor and for me, this is not a good thing. The service was also pretty slow and more importantly, the portions were not mindblowing; especially compared to similar restaurants nearby.The menu was compelling, and the cocktails were outstanding. A really enjoyable meal.
1	I wouldn't have even given this place 1 star but I had to choose something. The burgers in our party had none of the toppings stated on the menu and were flavorless, my sliders were sent back twice and came back both times raw. There was a beer spilt on someone in our party and a new one wasn't even brought to the table. The manager was nice and chalked it up to a "new menu rollout" and in the end we were given a discount but won't be back. Too many great choices in vegas that have good food and great service.
4	Been here twice..food and service are always great...lamb burger was great and I highly recommend the Innis and Gunn beer...the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was the fries that came with my burger were crap...oily, limp and no flavor...very disappointed with the fries...the lamb burger and beer made up for it
4	Before going to Pure Nightclub on Valentines night I came here for dinner. I never have been to a Gordon Ramsay eating establishment before. I watched him on TV however I didn't know what my expectations were. After eating here, this eatery met my expectations. Since this is an English pub it made sense to order the Shepherd's Pie. I'm not a big fan of meat pies as they tend to be heavy. This meat pie was hearty. I love the mashed potato covering on the pie as it had that outer crust. In addition the mashed potato was creamy and not heavy. Regarding the meat there is a contrasting texture with the minced beef and lamb that makes the dish very appetizing. Everyone mentions about the Sticky Toffee Dessert but for dessert I ordered the Spotted "Dic". I liked how the warm bread pudding meshed with the cold ice cream. I would have given a higher rating had it not been for the Truffle Chips. I expected the chips to be a thick cut chip. Instead the chips were the typical skinny cut. Overall I had a good dinner Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill.
5	OMG!!  I couldn't wait to write my review for this place. For one I love Gordon Ramsay and this is the first time I've been to any of his restaurants!  My awesome friend and I came here after shopping and the service was great.  Our servers name was Mike and he was really tentative and provided great input for the drinks and food on the menu.  Based on his recommendation I ordered the Pub Crawl... I was in the mood for something where I could taste the alcohol.  I never had bourbon and I wanted to try something new... Definitely a great recommendation Mike, both my friend and I really enjoyed it.  My friend had a beer, I have no idea what it's called, just came in a cool gray bottle (I don't drink beer, but it's there fav one so I'm glad they had it there)So the food.. Uhh so good.For the Starters or App we had the Pork and Duck Rillettes.  That was delicious.  I will say it was interesting as well b/c I've never had anything like it.For the real deal we had the Fish and Chips and the Grilled Lamb Burger... OMG the burger was the kind that melts in your mouth... We took Mike's recommendation on ordering it medium... Yeah that was good.  I was a little nervous ordering fish and chips b/c I didn't think they could be any different, but once again Mike was right and the fish was amazing.  The breading melts in your mouth and doesn't fall off the fish.. Tartar sauce was good with it, and the peas were more for decoration for me, but they were actually seasoned well too.I know Ramsay and he would have expected nothing less than perfection at one of his restaurants.  I can't wait to go back on my next visit!!  We were definitely in food heaven going here!!  I will save a little room for dessert on round 2 and I will try some of Ramsay's other places on the next visit.
2	A testament to my Yelp loyalty. I should have read some reviews. Our server was extremely knowledgeable, friendly, and helpful. The unfortunate news is that this review solely reflects the food. The scotch eggs were a good starter (I love HP sauce), and it all went downhill from there. We also ordered the pretzel starter, and there was no warning on how hot the mustard was! I love heat in a dish, but there should have been some warning. I dunked that sucker all the way in not realizing that it would take my breath away. It came with 3 under seasoned pretzel sticks, and the cheese sauce was nearly tasteless. My pulled chicken sandwich came out soggy from the kitchen. The over application of cheese and sauce created a gooey sandwich I was not expecting; The ciabatta bread did not hold up. If they had grilled it on a panini press, it would have been a different story!I had a few bites of my boyfriend's fish and chips. It was better than my sandwich, but there was no seasoning. To their credit, the fish was fresh and flaky, but there was no flavor to it at all without the tartar sauce.The meal was a surprising disappointment.
1	My wife and I are big Gordon Ramsay fans, but this place was a giant disappointment. The food and service were both average at best. - I ordered a pint of Boddington's (draught) which should have been $8. When the bill came it was $11. I asked the server why it was $11 and he said because it was a 20 oz. I am still trying to figure out how they squeezed 20 oz's of Boddington's into a pint glass. Hmmm....- My wife ordered a diet Pepsi and it was $4. Wow! - I ordered the Chicken Curry. It took about 25 minutes to come out and when it arrived the portion wasn't the biggest, the sauce was good, the rice was fine, but the chicken was undercooked (pink). Definitely not worth the $24 price tag.Would I go back? No.
5	Excellent service and food. Had the pub burger and toffee for dessert. Burger was juicy and very tasty. The dessert was the icing on the cake so to speak.
2	First visit - just a beer and a free appetizer because the kitchen or bar staff messed up an order.  Bar service was average, but the free appetizer was very good (pretzels w/ dips - not good just because it was free.)Second visit - dinner with my lady. Great service and average food. I had the shepherds pie. Good, but expected great for the price. Pint of Lagunitas IPA was $11..... Third visit - just about midnight and the hostess asked if I just wanted drinks. As my answer was yes, I followed the group of 4 that were just ahead of me into the bar area. The main bar was full, so I took a seat at the end of the adjacent bar, a mere 5 feet from the main bar.  With a slight lean, I could have touched the shoulder of the gentlemen at the end.  After waiting for about 5 minutes and repeated eye contact with the main bar bartenders, a lady came up to let me know they were closed.  So I asked why the hostess showed me in... I was told they may be open at the main bar... 5ft away... But as far as she knew, they were closed.My disappointment comes from 2 directions:- big name with a reputation, I had high expectations.  Didn't come close.- outspoken critic of poor restaurants is failing at this location. Might want to pay a visit to the establishment with your name on it...On the other hand - Ramsay's Burgr at Planet Hollywood is FABULOUS.  We have been there 3 times and received impeccable service and food every time!
5	Great service. Great food. Right after Celine Dion show. Make reservations on a Saturday. Busy. Lobster Mac n Cheese is the bomb. Sliders and fish and chips were excellent. Thumbs up
3	I love Gordon Ramsey but 21 bucks for two small pieces of fish and some fries that were cold come on!! On top if that, I had to listen to some manager yelling at a server for something like moving a chair so I could sit down was just crazy. Not impressed of the two out of three of his restaurants I've Been to, its strike two. Maybe steak will knock it out of the park.
3	Three stars for the food, but the wait staff did a great job and did their best to make up for my cold food. We went in with high expectations given this is one of Gordon Ramsay's establishments.  There was a mix up in the kitchen so my meal was cool rather than hot. I have to say the flavor was there. I had the prime rib but they forgot to put the beef drippings on the Yorkshire pudding which left me with a partial meal. Mr Ramsay would have had something to say about it for sure. Natalie was a very good waitress and she went above and beyond to make sure I left the restaurant happy. Everyone else in our party was pleased with their meals. I will revisit and update the review based on my next visit. One more chance Ramsay.
2	Usually I don't like to give poor reviews but this needs to be addressed. Before I even read any prior Yelp reviews about this place, we had a discrepancy with our check. Once we got our check, we took notice that the amount charged for each item (Calamari, Salmon, and Chicken lollipops) were higher than what was stated on the menu. Because, we already received a discount with our comps we decided not to complain about the issue. However, I was informed by  my friend that another guest had experiences the same problem in which she read on Yelp.Food - it was actually above mediocre for bar food! I especially liked the French Onion! The decor was trendy and meshed well together, all the way down to the silverware. Kudos to the interior designer and restaurant consultant that created the vision and theme. Even the music, Depeche Mode and The Clash, was on point! Service - Disappointing. Server is on his phone in clear sight of guests. The table behind us actually had to get up and tap a server on the shoulder to get assistance. The server, in turns, mocks the guest to another co-worker a few minutes later. Although, the server and server assistant were cordial to us and even doing their touch backs, professionalism lacked.Hostess did do the initial verbal greet and eye contact but lacked personality.
5	Just what I would expect from Gordon Ramsay.  This place was awesome, great atmosphere, drinks and good.  My wife and I just stopped in for apps and a drink. I had the onion soup and my wife had the pretzels, both were really good.  The bartender recommended a English beer if never had before that was really good, not something I would've normally ordered.  The   Staff was great.  We are a huge fan of his shoes do it was really cool to finally go to one if his restaurants. I would definitely recommend stopping in here.  The only drawback of any is it is a little pricy but it's worth it.
1	How do I describe my experience here? Horrible and pathetic. If my name were on the place, I'd verify the quality. First, took and hour to get appetizers. Second, two hours for good with a "medium" requested burger clearly "rare."  I would not only not recommend this place, I would persuade people against it. Horrible worst burger I've ever had.
4	this is review for the lamb burger only. really enjoyed it, not greasy but juicy. cooked to near perfection.
3	We came here for our last night in Vegas. The food was OK for the money, but honestly Umami burger or the Counter is equal if not better. I will say that my drink the garden spritz was awesome! We had the lamb burger and the regular burger. The lamb burger was great, but the other burger had to be sent back, it was supposed to be rare but it came out medium, and we requested truffle oil on our fries, but that didn't happen either. Props does go out to our waitress ( I do not have her name :(, but she lived in Mexico prior) who took care of us, she insisted on returning the burger and fixed the fries. We also had the sticky pudding, which I'd order again and the bread pudding was also yummy. I guess the one thing that bothers me is that on Kitchen Nightmares you have Mr. Ramsay saving other restaurants, but this our third time at one of his and I have yet to say Wow, you can tell Gordon Ramsay "the dude from TV" owns this place. The floor to the bathroom was so greasy my husband and I had to hold on while walking. We were joking about the lawsuit that is just waiting to happen. And the men's bathroom was missing toilet paper and when they brought it, it didn't fit the holder. Silly things that are huge lazy oversights from management and are the kind of things that Mr. Ramsay would fix on his TV show. So, Mr. Ramsay if you or your staff read this, keep in mind that we don't just rate the food. I was a restaurant/bar manager in NYC for 11 years and I totally understand things happen, but if it hadn't been for our waitress, who seemed to be acting out of her experience and not out of her GR P& G training, I would have given you two stars.
2	Yeah yeah... so I'm late with a few reviews.. what else is new? So... we went to dine here over Christmas week.  Jerry Seinfeld had a show we were attending and we just came to this place by chance.  Because we were early enough there was no wait for a table.  And because this is his 3rd restaurant we've been to, we had high expectations, even if it was "a pub."  Starting out, I'd say that the service was chaotic.  No one came to our table after we were sat for a while.  I distinctly remember because I tried to figure out who our server was based on the hustling of servers around us, but not even those servers ever looked at us and said, "Someone will be right with you, we'll have someone bring over waters, nothing." There was NO teamwork at all, just unorganized chaos. So hubby drank a Boddington's which he can usually get at home for $1.99, and I had a martini.  Drinks were good since we knew what to expect. That is really, the best part of this whole dining experience.  Their menu was lacking at first glance.  Nothing I saw made me wish I could have more than one item...in fact after we'd been sat so long I kind of wish we could of gotten up and gone somewhere else....But anyway, an English Ale soup and burger later we were at least not starving before the show.  But for counting this as one of our meals in Las Vegas...it was really disappointing.  I'm not giving it one star because the server that did come to us in the end was decent and tried her best.   Would I come back here for any reason?  Oh I think not.  So many places to wine and dine in Las Vegas, are you insane???  In fact... I hear the Oyster Bar calling my name......
4	What a place! First off I like to start off with the staff they, are freaking awesome. Not only are they very tentative, but they are super friendly, and they provide the necessary accommodations  to make one feel welcome. The decor was pretty cool as well. The most important thing  that I can generate from this review is the food. It tastes so fresh and delicious I could just eat a plethora and not get tired of eating here. I had the braised pork belly. It was so soft, tender and juicy that I wanted more. The seasoning used on this was really delicious.The pretzel was decent nothing out of this world. (and that all I have to say about that)For dessert I had the sticky toffee pudding, this was actually my favorite part. It closed my meal all the way around. I would highly recommend this place prices are a little steep, but still congenial.
3	We sat at the bar to ensure attentive service.  Team service was excellent.  Ordered the prime rib, it was cooked to order, and I was pleased.  I previously had the fish and chips here and I was disappointed, but this visit was okay.  I think that this place just performs well enough to get by with over-stimulated vegas visitors.
1	Wasn't very impress with this place.  Service was ok and food was pricey and not worth it. Definitely not coming back.
5	We had the braised short ribs and the shepherd's pie.  Both were perfectly cooked and amazing.  The service was also friendly and location/ambiance nice.
4	After an amazing night at Gordon Ramsay's Steak, we had to try the Pub & Grill (sadly, Janel of Hell's Kitchen fame has already left the crew). The staff was friendly and attentive. The waiter we had was so polite and so nice. I adored him!!! For my meal, I got the fish and chips. It was alright. I'm also not a huge fan of the fries (they were soaked in the oil from the fried fish). The fish kept coming out of the fried bater. My parents each had a beef burger and lamb burger. They were really good. My date had the vegetable salad, which was refreshing, amazing, and light. I would so go back just for that! The vinaigrette on it was so delectable. He had the scallops for his entree, which was covered in the best white sauce. It was so good that I kept dipping my fish in it or my fries. Definitely the best out of the ones we ordered. As a side, we all had the lobster mac and cheese to share for the table. Um ... yes. This was actually better than the mac & cheese at GR's Steak. There were HUGE chunks of lobster in it. By the end, I was licking the bowl - we sadly have photographic proof of this that I must now go destroy. Also, GR's Pub & Grill have two of the dishes that are exclusives to his Hell's Kitchen menu at Steak: Scottish Egg and the toffee dessert!!!!Check it out if you're a fan!
2	The skins on the Bangers in the Bangers and Mash were very tough. The mash was very sloppy. The gravy not too bad. I had apple and rhubarb crumble for desert  which was dry and needed custard. All in all, expensive mediocre simple food. I'm disappointed Gordon.
4	It was my birthday and I wanted to go someplace special. I've heard amazing things about the Gordon Ramsey Pub & Grill. I made sure I called and made a reservation a couple weeks in advanced for lunch. When we got there everything was set! We were seated quickly at a large table in the back. It was cool because I could lean back in the seat I was in and see right into the kitchen, which was awesome!! Our waiter took our drink orders while my party arrived and looked over the menu. Pricey yes! But I totally knew this going in and was not shocked. My fellow Yelper and good friend Dyanna L. asked the waiter what his suggestions were. First thing out of his mouth was the Seared Scallops. This totally helped me in my picking process! Ok, so for the food, it was ALL excellent! Let me start out with the appetizers. We ordered the Mini Pub Burgers which were three perfect little sliders with bacon, lettuce, onion, and a little side of mayo. The Calamari was fried perfectly and they even used the leg parts (my fav) it came with a side of tartar sauce and a side of cocktail sauce. The Deviled Eggs I did not try, but the presentation was awesome. Instead of the eggs being filled you get to fill the eggs yourself! We also ordered the warm pretzels that came with a delicious cheese spread and a tangy mustard. For our entrees I finally decided on the Seared Scallops. Yummy!!! They were perfectly cooked and came in a cream broth with small clams, leeks, and potatoes! I wanted to tip the bowl up and drink the rest of the broth, but I remembered my manners. lol My husband chose the Shepards Pie. It was tender and filled to the brim with meat and veggies! Dyanna L. chose the Lobster Mac and Cheese. Omg was it filled with lobster!!! I was in heaven when she offered me a bite! She also had a Caesar Salad that looked very tasty! Her boyfriend got the Fish and Chips. It looked so crispy. I'm totally getting that next time! My other friend Rachael ordered the Mini Pie Tasting. It came with three little pies one was a Shepards Pie. The other was a Steak and Ale Pie. That was her favorite one. The last of the three was a Chicken Pot Pie. My other friends Becki and Eric got Lamb Burgers that where huge and came with crispy fries! Other than the service being a little slow, it was a great experience overall, but I think it was because our original waiter was sent home in the middle of our visit. I loved all the food. This is a great place for a special occasion! Just be prepared to drop some cash, but it's completely worth it! Yummy!
3	I wanted to give these guys a higher rating and if it was based on the server, they'd get 5 stars. The food was nothing better than basic bar food. The fries were cold (fish and chips) and chewy. The salmon was good but lacked the 'umph' to make it great. The desert ( toffee bread pudding) was the highlight of the meal. For the price I felt I could have done MUCH better.
4	Food was very good - scotch eggs, pretzels, tomato soup, sliders...we loved it all.  Took a while to get, but it was worth the wait.We had an awesome server, Jamie - she was super attentive and made it a fun experience for us... make sure you ask for her!
3	TL;DR: it was good but not $30 for a burger, fries and caesar salad good.i ordered medium-rare and bf ordered medium, they switched our orders and i ended up with the medium burger wondering why such an expensive burger couldn't be cooked the way i wanted it. upon inspection we realized that our burgers had been switched (which is strange because the waiter made a big deal of putting a flag on one of the burgers to remember which is which, lol) and so we traded burgers. the medium-rare was downright cold, which isn't how a proper burger patty should be.the salad was really much too mild in flavor because the dressing didn't have enough kick. there were anchovies in the salad but they weren't salty, just oily and bland. overall the salad lacked salt and since there was no salt or pepper on the table i couldn't adjust the taste for myself.the fries were really good though. crispy and garlicky, my favorite kind of fries :)
3	Eating here was a bit of a let-down for me, as I am used to the most delicious food and superb service in Vegas. I've been to my share of the "pubs" in town, most notably the pubs by Todd English and Michael Mina, and was expecting a similar experience. The drinks were delicious, most notably the Pub's version of a Moscow Mule, but my food was mediocre at best. Perhaps I ordered something really random in the Pub's version of Butter Chicken with basmati rice, but the sauce was bland and way too peppery at the same time. The rice was tender and well-cooked, but so drenched in butter that it appeared yellow. Other friends ordered fish and chips, the pea soup, the sliders, and fries. The fries were soggy and limp, which was a huge letdown. Everything was else was fine, just nothing to write home about.The atmosphere is fun, but that was probably the best part.
2	Beware:  Not as seen on TV.  No exacting standards for perfectly cooked food here.Appetizers:  Calamari, Toad in a Hole, and Scotch Eggs.  They were all overcooked.Entree:  Fish & Chips and Shepherd's Pie.  Fish was okay, but the chips were a soggy, greasy mess.  The flavor of the Pie was okay, but the mash potatoes were gummy.  And they had no HP sauce for the pie.  I thought this was supposed to be a British Pub.Desserts:  Sticky Toffee Pudding and Spotted Dick.  First was not very moist and the latter too rummy.Definitely not a do-over.  Not a good value and left disappointed.
3	My boyfriend and I visited on a Saturday night. Even though the place looked packed, we were seated within 5 minutes of walking in without a reservation. We didn't want to spend too much money since we had mistakenly come to Caesar's looking for Ramsey's BURGR and decided to eat here since we were starving.We were seated behind the wall of beer kegs which was awkward since the table was raised and we were technically sharing the table with another group on the other side. The table was also weirdly wide and the place was noisy so we couldn't have much conversation. My boyfriend had the fish and chips and I had the lobster mac n' cheese, which is a side dish. The fish and chips was surprisingly big. The fish was well seasoned and still moist. With the tartar sauce they tasted really good. The fries were also nice and crisp and well seasoned. The house made ketchup was really good. The lobster Mac n' cheese was a bit underwhelming. The noodles were a nice al dente and the bechamel sauce was rich and creamy but I was expecting more lobster for the price (ridiculously $21). And it was still side dish size. I had maybe 1 small piece of  lobster for every 7 bites which is too small a ratio to call it lobster Mac n' cheese if you ask me! Also could have used more cheese, but I guess that's personal preference. For the pub atmosphere and the pub quality grub, Ramsey should definitely consider lowering the prices.
4	This place brought back memories of my very first Elite event. It also brought back a bar set very high when it comes to food, service, atmosphere and everything that you should expect when dining in a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. We had a 2pm reservation for fellow Elite Allison's birthday. She went with lunch for the group because it could be quite spendy depending on what you get. Well worth it for a celebration in my opinion. Between our group we had fish and chips, lobster mac and cheese, scallops, the pot pie trio, and a couple burgers. Also, deviled eggs, pretzel bread, and Caesar salad for starters. I was lucky enough to try the majority of this stuff, and what stood out the most was: 1. The scallops. Not even a scallop fan but these melted like butter in your mouth. I would think Chef Ramsay was standing over the cook calling him a bloody donkey to make sure they were correct. 2. The lobster mac. HUGE chunks of lobster and a cheese that didn't overtake the flavor, but wasn't too bland either. 3. The deviled eggs. You stuff them yourself, and they have bacon. Need I say more? Everything was delicious and I would order everything again. That says a lot. The negatives, not much but they should have complimentary bread. When a burger cost $20-25, you could start with a little something. 2. The service was EH. Our first initial guy Chris, was great. But he left mid lunch and our next guy wasn't nearly as attentive or funny. He did not seem to enjoy his job as much. I wish we had have given the tip to Chris before he bounced, he earned it. The hostess were also a little snooty. Like hello, you are pretty, you're working for a famous chef, and you get to wear a cute dress to work- SMILE it won't hurt. The positives outweigh the negatives by far which is why this is still a 4 star review. Until next time.
3	We had dinner here.  While we mostly liked the food my salad was not great.  The dressing had so much lemon it over powered everything and literally made me pucker.  Also, it said shaved vegetables which really was just a few slices of carrots/radishes.  Not what I was expecting.The tomato soup and the pork chop was delicious.  Service/experience was okay.  I don't think it was worth the price.
5	Still one of our favorite places to eat while in Vegas. The staff actually remembered us...we bought 8 wooden placemats on the first weekend it was open.Shrimp cocktail was the best we have ever had. Take the time to make reservation for lunch, afternoon chill or dinner. You will not have to wait.
4	Just a quick bite to eat early in the evening but enjoyed the bar and appetizers we had.  Drinks were good and the atmosphere was perfect for pre-gaming.  Hard to give more than four stars simply because we weren't there long enough but there's no reason I wouldn't go back.
2	Mr Ramsay got greedy here... this is supposed to be an in-between for his 3 restaurants in Vegas but it's overpriced and unimpressive. I love BurGR and GR Steak but this place missed the mark for me and I can't say I was surprised based on the reviews. We had a friend that wanted to go though so we gave it a try. Roast beef sandwich - "would you like a sandwich with those fries?" This is what they should ask when you order. The fries were impressive in both portion and taste and totally overshadowed the much less impressive roast beef sandwich. The caramelized onion au jus was awesome but they barely gave me enough for half of my already small sandwich. I ordered mine without the horseradish aioli as I'm not a fan of horseradish and honestly a good roast beef sandwich shouldn't need much else other than the au jus. The meat was good, not great and it was pretty much just lacking all around. At $18 I was quite disappointed. But again... fries... awesome. Had to ask for additional ketchup though as they brought out the smallest little half shot glass of ketchup lolWarm salty pretzels - 3 pretzel bread sticks for $8... umm... how about some free bread on the table? Isn't this pretty standard when you are paying for a nice meal?PEI Mussels & Clams - not my choice to order but I'm a fan of clams so I picked at it... and when I say picked at it.. I mean i had to literally pick at the plate to find the tiny bits of clam that had fallen out of all the shells. The chorizo was the best part of this dish and there was about 4 little slices of it.Chicken Pot Pie - KC ordered this and enjoyed it but it was awfully small for $23. I took a bite and it had good flavor but the one she makes is better.Our friends ordered steak and caesar salad and seemed to enjoy it but felt like it was overpriced for the place.Service was so-so... waitress was very friendly but made a few mistakes and forgot some things. She made up for it by comping the pretzels and I don't get too upset with mistakes as long as you are friendly and make an attempt to make up for it. No ciroc at the bar?! Seriously... I just don't understand that. The place was packed though on a Friday night and I'm sure it will keep doing well with a great location inside Caesars Palace. Crazy tourists....
2	So firstly we were excited to go here, but from start to finish this place has problems. We were seated and our first server came, took our drink orders and left. My wife opened her menu to find it torn and dirty. Our second server came and so did our drinks, my Guinness had the biggest head ever, I asked it to be topped off server 2 rolled his eyes but did it. My friend had ordered a glass of sparkling wine, but the one on the menu wasn't right, I mean come on update your menu. As to the menu it's not detailed enough 3 of us ordered "toad in the hole" but although the server questioned the order he didn't explain how much food it was, plus they were supposed to come with HP Sauce but didn't, when we asked for some they said they didn't have any (order hadn't come in). The food is ok, but the service is just so, so. One staff member was standing near us drinking Starbucks (bet Mr Ramsey would have something say about that on his TV Show if it was somebody else's restaurant). In the ladies toilets one was damaged and not in use, in both mens and ladies toilets they had huge wicker baskets to put your paper towels in, they looked stupid and tacky. All in all a bad experience.
3	3 stars. I think my expectations were too high, sadly I was let down. The service was great. Our server even came to our rescue when he noticed our table was a bit wobbly (not a big deal but with the stemware they give you, it's easy to see why this could potentially be a disaster). Okay the table is fixed and our orders are in. It didn't take long at all for our meals to arrive. I got the pub burger, my friend ordered the pork belly. They were just okay. Nothing to write home about. Forgettable. I think I'll try Gordon Ramsay BurGR next time instead.
1	WEIRD menu, and I love food!! Everything that sounded good at first glance has horseradish, onions, or bacon (all of which I do not eat) in or on it.  I had the tomato soup, which was so salty I couldn't eat half of it, but the 3 guys said their burgers were good once they scraped off the gross sauce.  We were consistently ignored my the server, after he said he would get drinks, a dessert menu, and a couple other things.  There are many more fabulous places to go in Vegas- skip this one!
5	Great food and great staff! We sat at the bar and the bartenders were awesome. My boyfriend ordered his usual beer and the bartender gave him a sample of the house recommendation beer: Innus and Gunn. He loved it and switched beers. We live in NYC and we are now on a search for that beer. I got one of speciality cocktails; I forgot the name of it. It had pureed blueberries in it. It was so light and refreshing!  For food, we had the prime rib and the pie sampler. They were delicious!  Definitely coming back here next time in Vegas!
4	First off, not cheap. Ramsay places will set you back, and that should be a given. But if you have Total Rewards, you get a discount and you can pay with points. Next, go on open table and make a reservation. It just makes things easier. We started off with the sea salt malt vinegar crisps. It's just potato chips with aioli and vinegar to dip, but a tasty simple starter.The fish and chips were $26, even with the Total Rewards discount. It's 2 hunks of fish in a light batter, over skinny fries. No peas anymore. My soda was $4, which my server didn't refill until prompted. Stephen had the pie sampler which he liked. It didn't look that filling for $18, but he seemed to find it adequate. Our lunch would've set us back $57 but since I gamble a lot, I used my points and got it complimentary. Score!
3	OK.  Entree came out before the appetizer.  Not sure if I misread the menu but...but I was very disappointed with the BLT.  The pork belly was good but no bacon?  Really want a BLT that has crispy bacon.  Wouldn't eat here again.  Service...so so compared to what you see on TV.  Disappointing.  Not at all what I expected from Gordon Ramsey.  Live and learn.
4	Pretty pricey for pub food (we spent over $200 for 3 people) but everything was seasoned superbly!!! Had the calamari and salmon with crispy skin. Great with the exception of being a little oily. The sticky toffee pudding is to die! Get that dessert if anything! The cocktails are also very good! I would definitely go back!
5	Fish & chips was so delicious!!! It was my birthday, and the waiter brought me a complimentary dessert. It was the toffee & date cake, & it was the most delicious dessert I have ever had. Service was exceptional & I will definitely be back!!'
5	Amazing experience. Had the lamb and it was so tender and juicey. I could have it for every meal.
2	Dining here felt like we were on an episode of Hell's Kitchen! Both blue and red teams have failed miserably! I was waiting to hear yelling and screaming from Chef Ramsay from the kitchen.My cousin wanted to dine here before we proceeded with his bachelor party evening. We didn't make reservations here, so we ended up with a wait of forty five minute to an hour. When the estimated seating time came, we were seated promptly. While browsing our menus, our drink orders were taken and water glasses filled. I was very anxious and excited to try Chef Ramsay's favorite dish, beef wellington. Apparently, it wasn't on the menu. So, I ended up getting the roast prime rib entree, medium rare.After twenty minutes had passed, we were told our entrees would be out in five minutes. Then ten, fifteen, and thirty came and went. Still, no signs of our entrees. Yet, other customers who were seated after us had their entrees served. We were all ready to get up and leave and dine else where. But, we all just decided to stick it through. Once our entrees were being served, they were served in waves. I was the last one in our party of seven to receive my entree.For a $40 entree, I'll admit the entree looked hearty. The prime rib was cooked to a medium rare and accompanied with some glazed baby carrots, brussel sprouts, and mashed potatoes, and Yorkshire pudding. I had a side of creamy horseradish sauce, but no au jus for dipping. I would say that the prime rib was comparable to other dining establishments in Vegas. I would've been better off with the $10 prime rib dinners and paid way less than $40. But, I guess it was for the name and experience, right?At the conclusion of our meal, my cousin went to place a complaint regarding our dinner service. The server and hostess were great, but not sure what was going on in the kitchen. I really wanted to like this place, but I wasn't impressed at all.
3	Items Selected:Warm Salty Pretzels with Cheese Sauce - Bacon and Parmesan, Green Garlic, and PlainYorkshire Ale Batter Fish & Chips - Cod with Tartar and LemonRed Wine Braised Short Rib - Horseradish Mashed Potatoes with Onions, Carrots, Parsnips, Red Wine JusTrio of Pies - Chicken Pot Pie with Bechamel, Vegetables, Bacon / Steak & Ale Pie with Root Vegetables and Mushrooms / Shepherd's Pie with Root Vegetables and Cheddar Mash PotatoesSauteed Forest Mushrooms - Poached Farm EggSpotted DIC - Steamed Bread Pudding with Raisins and Cream SauceSticky Toffee Pudding - Sweet Cream Ice CreamHaving come away from a late-2013 visit to Chef Gordon Ramsay's Steakhouse at The Paris quite impressed by both the quality and the brand I knew a visit to casual sibling "Pub & Grill" was only a matter of time - friends and fans of chef's shows and celebrity frequent to visit Sin City.  Housed in Caesars in a sizable space renovated from Bradley Ogden featuring plenty of wood, kegs, television, and Brit-kitsch it was just after noon when I sat down with two old friends and greeted by friendly, though pushy, service orders were expedited to the tune of an appetizer, a side, three mains, and two desserts - high prices and small portions tempered by a Total Rewards card...at least slightly.  Focusing mostly on signatures and favorites present since the menu's inception dining began with three small but lovely seasoned pretzels paired with cheese and mustard for $8 and progressing to plates proper another trio arrived in the $21 trio of small ramekin-pies, all well prepared but only the lamb loaded Shepherd living up to the high standards set by the exemplary golden cod selected by my friend, soggy 'chips' notwithstanding.  Ignoring the shortrib and what I'm told were vastly overseasoned potatoes while wishing some form of seasoning had graced the flavorless mushrooms it was with sweet redemption that desserts both shined, the rustic Sticky Toffee Pudding every bit as good as the fancy version at Steak and the "DIC" a bowl of buttery custard hefty with raisins and aromatics that I'd gladly return for along with a cup of coffee - breakfast, lunch, or dinner.
3	It's a-ok. We made a reservation and were seated promptly. Our server was friendly. The food was tasty enough, but not crave-worthy or exceptional.The ambiance is upscale pub. Overall, it's got a nice vibe.The beer list didn't do much for me as there wasn't anything particularly notable. But all the standard ones you'd expect at a pub are there.We ordered the calamari, fish and chips, English ale onion soup, and lobster mac 'n' cheese. Our server somehow forgot the lobster mac 'n' cheese and brought us fries instead. She promptly fixed the error, leaving the fries and putting in an order for the lobster mac 'n' cheese. But then she added the fries to our bill! Seriously. The calamari was alright. Good enough to eat when you're hungry. Not good enough to ever order again. The fish and chips were good. They're fish and chips - nothing particularly notable, but the fish was battered and fried well. The English ale soup was quite tasty and the best thing of the night. The fries were alright. Would never actually order them. The lobster mac 'n' cheese was tasty. But I've had far better elsewhere and probably wouldn't order it again here given the price for the small portion.Aside from the order mix-up, we had a pleasant evening here. It's a perfectly fine place. Good enough food, but not the wow food that one often comes to expect of Vegas dining.
1	I didn't know what to expect from the Pub & Grille. I knew Ramsey's name was attached and that might mean really awesome food or just a cash grab trying to lure dumb tourists into paying twice as much for their food...The restaurant is really well designed and looks cool especially the wall of kegs. The waiters wear vests and have these little satchels. Pretty well themed.As far as service, your water never drops below half way. The lady was on top of it!Our waiter though was lazy, lingered, and only checked on us after we finished the vast majority of the meal. What if I wanted more than a thimble of ketchup? He seemed bored and pretentious. Plus he messed up our order. No bacon on one and the other was undercooked.As far as food goes, what a straight rip off. 21$ for a burger with bacon and fries. I'm not sure if they ran out to Carl's Jr and grabbed up a bunch of 6$ burgers because that's all I tasted. Bland, small, and overpriced. The fries were tasty but really greasy and like I complained before all you get is a simple thimble of ketchup.Our host had Prime Rib. His plate looked like he went to a Claim Jumper but was priced like a Ruth's Chris Steakhouse.In the end I just I picture Mr. Ramsey rolling over in his... giant pile of money.
4	We had to visit at least one of GR's restaurants in Vegas so we chose this one.5 of the 6 of us had the prime rib, the 6th (damn combo-breaker), had something else which I don't remember.In any case, the meal was excellent. The prime rib was perfectly marbled, had the right amount of seasoning and tasted exactly how it should. I will say, generally speaking, either restaurants don't know what the hell "medium rare" means or they're afraid of getting sued if someone eats meat too underdone and gets sick. Medium-rare seems to be always served as Medium.The Yorkshire pudding that came with it was also excellent. Fluffy and flavourful. I don't see this served with prime rib in other restaurants as much as I'd like to.The service was adequate but not spectacular by any stretch. Drinks came in a reasonable amount of time, as with the food. Refills were a touch slow.The price was a little bit steep but not in outer space by any means. Enjoying the food makes it easy to forget how much it cost.I'd say that you should check this place out on the strength of their prime rib alone.
4	As a foodie I was super excited to go eat at Gordon Ramsey's restaurant. We were in Las Vegas for the weekend and decided to spoil ourselves. I ordered the Lamb it was just AMAZING, every bit of it melted in my mouth. I also ordered a side of the mash potatoes which were also amazing. My husband and a friend we were with did not enjoy themselves like I did though. My husband ordered the shepherds pie, it was his dream to taste Ramsey's twist on it.  Unfortunately he was extremely disappointed, his meal came out (we ordered two at our table) more like a soup. It was extremely watery at the bottom, embarrassed to complain at Gordon Ramsays restaurant my husband just stared at his food. I finically built up the courage to tell the waiter we were unhappy with his meal... It was returned and made again (which was better then the first). We also received a dessert on the house which was nice. Wish I could afford to go to his restaurants all the time! =)
4	Had their slider burgers with truffle fries.  Very good.  Would have rated 5 star but was seated at the bar and due to some poorly placed beer taps couldn't see past them to watch the NCAA tourney games on TVs behind  the bar.
1	This is REALLY sad, because I actually came here a few months ago (back in January) and really enjoyed it then (I would've given it a 4/5 then), but after the experience tonight, I had to lower it :( I'm a HUGE fan of Mr. Ramsay, and when I had first eaten here, I was in love with all the dishes! I had never had fish and chips that good before!After today, though, I don't know where I'd get those fish and chips again :( I went in today not knowing that just about 4 weeks ago, they changed the menu around and some of the recipes (I asked the waiters/waitresses about it). The fish, which before were perfectly sized, flaky, melt-in-your-mouth goodness, was now giant, thick slabs that were dry and overcooked. The batter, which used to be crispy but flaky to the touch, were now thick and hard. The fries, which used to be thick but crunchy, were now dry and burnt-tasting.I did have other dishes, but nothing that was better than average. The majority of the dishes I ordered last time were no longer on the menu after the menu change, so nothing to compare (those other dishes were GREAT the first time I visited, though!).The waiters/waitresses were quite nice though. To be fair, the place probably deserves a 2/5 stars now, but after that overwhelmingly disappointing decision to change the recipes and menu so drastically, I had to give this 1/5...I'm so sad.
2	WOW What a big mistake... Had the fried Cali almost ok and Pig rapped devil eggs nasty. Bacon was cold and under cooked. Yoke tasted like vinegar.  The drinks are fine. Service was strange.. The bartender took my place setting and beer before I was finished... Must be a Ray Ray thing I guess that's his nickname... Strange uniforms.... We will not be back. To many super KOOL place other than GR Pub & Grill...
2	DON'T waste your money and time. After having a great experience at Gordon Ramsey's BurGR, we had hoped an English pub by an EmUK chef would be amazing. Sorely disappointed. Hubby had fish and chips. The fish was not seasoned at all. The batter was crunchy but amateur chefs can get crunchy. Here is a tip: try salt.I had the lobster macn cheese. Solely based on this I'd have given it 3 stars. Better than fish n chips. Lots of lobster but mac n cheese was blander than it could have been. I had much better lobster mac at House of Blues. The staff seemed to be working hard but we had to wait forever for drinks and for the server in general. The bus boy was awesome though. Kept our waters filled and table taken care of.Fish n chips: 2Mac n cheese: 3Service: 2.5Hugely disappointed that a restaurant with GR's name would be so lacking!
4	I sat at the bar, and enjoyed the food. I ordered the seasonal item which was a salmon with green lentils and chanterelle mushrooms. The salmon was cooked perfectly. It was not dry at all. I thought the price was a little high since the dish was $30, but the pricing tends to be the trend along the Strip. The servers at the bar were attentive and made sure that I had everything that I needed.
4	Great food, but it was a little pricey. The goat cheese burger I had was phenomenal and the only reason I wasn't upset with the price was because I was up at the tables. Their fries are also great, I love shoe string style. Another part of their menu that was unique was their cocktails. I had a cucumber gin drink that was tasty, yet strong. Granted, it was about 8$, but for Vegas prices that's about as good as it gets. Note: I was staying at Caesar's so this place was also uber convenient for me.
4	'If you don't spot by this place the next time you're in Vegas... consider yourself a f*ckin donkey'. Service was okay but the food was great (a little bit on the heavy side). This place is better then Ramsey's spot in The London Hotel in LA
4	Wow I had one terrible dining experience a year ago on a visit, but returned last month for a conference and wow what a great change. New managers, new menu, customer interaction was great with the servers. Totally impressed wit hth food quality and service. This place really made a great positive change and I will return, nice improvment....tenderloin and salmon are excellent BTW... nice place to dine for lite fare, pub food or a good well prepared meal. Servers, we found were great, ours was Daisy and she was terrific. Enjoy :-)
2	This restaurant was my third stop on my Gordon Ramsay tour (Steak, Burgr, Pub).Kind of a disappointment. The beer, wine, and overall drink selection was nothing special. Average, at best. The food was just OK and definitely not worth the price.Service was just okay. The staff was friendly, but slow and hard to flag down. We constantly felt like we were waiting. Waiting for drink orders, waiting for drinks, waiting for food orders, waiting for other drink orders, waiting for drinks we ordered that never showed up, and waiting for dessert. It was ridiculous.I had a shot at a few beers, scallops, short rib, scotch egg, steak, and of course the sticky toffee.The scallops were abysmal. I've paid half the cost and received twice as many, better prepared. Two people ordered scallops at our table and both orders were bad. They were so sandy that it felt like I threw a handful of sand in my mouth and started chewing. One order seemed overcooked. Would not have this again at this restaurant.The short rib, while tender, seemed lackluster in flavor. As with the scallops, I have had much more flavorful short rib for a fraction of the price elsewhere. I would not order this again at this restaurant.The steak was nothing special, honestly, and I felt was about twice as costly as necessary for what it was.The scotch egg was actually very good. Probably one of the better/best scotch eggs I've had. I would order this again.The sticky toffee was great, and I would order it again. One of the best desserts I have ever had.All in all, I would not recommend this place. You can get similar or better food at a plethora of other restaurants, for a fraction of the price. If I were Gordon Ramsay I would be appalled at how this restaurant is executing.
4	I had an excellent experience at this pub. The decor, service and food were all great. I particularly enjoyed the fish & chips!
1	This place is disappointing. They needed up our order three times and was not willing to substitute items in our entree when they clearly told is they ran out of. For example we had a burger and it was supposed to come with a dill pickle and pepperchini garnish. All they said was they ran out and that's it. I thought most restaurants would substitute something for that. It's a $20 burger that's worth $9 after this experience. Also the wait took an hour wait. Will not come back. Gordon better come back and fix this.
4	I'm going to take a shot at gordon. You always yell at your chefs for seasoning, but your pea soup had zero salt in it! Your bangers and mash, amazing, best dish I had there. Loved loved the onion gravy. Great beer selection too! Just add salt gordon, please! (Imagine me yelling this like he does)
1	Made reservations in advance to try and get good seating and they threw us in the aisle! The waitress had to check to see if the chips portion of fish and chips was made from "real potatoes"! They weren't even chips they were cheap frozen fries! Not British at all! My wife was sorely disappointed as for me I was talked into a $35 ny strip steak, very very small and very very dry I would have sent it back but that would have meant we had seen our waitress again! The table next to us was having similar problems! Oh yeah and they were out of scotch eggs! Not what you would expect from chef Gordon Ramsay. The service was equally as bad as the food by far the worst $100 I ever spent! And I left hungry! Thanks for ruining me and my wife's ten year anniversary Gordon!
5	One of my favorite places in vegas to eat. We have been here twice for lunch. First time was Christmas 2012. For appetizer we had the fantastic Duck Confit Poutine. it was so good all the way to bottom where there is more confit.. My daughter had the mac and cheese and son in law the fish and chips which the catsup was awesome homemade. I had the irish beef cheek stew which  I could eat 5 times a week and still crave it. it is so wonderful.  Service is good
1	I had high hopes of going here for appetizers and drinks before dinner and was very disappointed.  My brother and I were hungry and decided to give this place a try.  The menu was very limited when it came to vegetarian options for me, but I decided to order the soft pretzels.  My brother asked if the mini burgers or truffle fries were better since he was not very hungry; the server suggested he get both and would not comment further.  I asked what wines they served by the glass and when he mentioned there was a Malbec, I inquired what the price was.  The server quoted $9-11.  I said ok.  Our food arrived and the pretzels were a variety including plain, herbed and bacon/cheddar.  I told the server I was a vegetarian and he looked shocked.  He did replace it with another plain one, but the pretzels were rock hard and I could barely bite into them.  My brother enjoyed his mini pub burgers, but there were items on the burger not listed on the menu.  We were mostly ignored after we made it clear we were only there for appetizers.  We were sitting at a highboy table, with uncomfortable chairs.  I received the bill and was charged $13.50 for my glass of wine.  I didn't even bother to bring it up because I just wanted to get out of there.  I would not go back or recommend it to anyone.
2	We were incredibly disappointed by this installment from Chef Ramsay and we expected a lot more from a place with his name. It was very crowded, probably about 8 o'clock on a Tuesday night. They were out of at least half of the items on their menu, including basic staples like pies and drinks. Our server failed to tell us ANYTHING and overall was not very pleasant. The food runners were rude and sort of ignored us.The food itself wasn't good- I had a warm chicken sandwich that might have been decent if it wasn't overwhelmed with Gruyere cheese to the point where the bread was soggy and the cheese was all we could taste. The rest of my party was only marginally satisfied with their food. The only good part of the experience was the nice interior. Maybe we came at a bad time, butI wouldn't recommend this place to anybody. It doesn't live up to Ramsay's standards in the slightest.
4	We had a very good experience, booked a reservation through our hotel for lunch last Sunday, good time to go.  Our server was excellent, the food was very good.  I had the seared scallops, delicious.  The pricing was extremely high, even for Vegas standards.  $16 for a cocktail (London calling)? I mean, it was good and all.  My family enjoyed their food and beverages.  I would say thumbs up overall-splurge a little!
2	Grabbed a reservation early to eat before the Elton John show. While this was a great idea in theory, it still took 40 minutes to get our food and we ended up eating quickly and dashing out to make the show. It seems the food for other tables came out within 10 minutes of ordering before and after ours hit the table, so maybe ours got caught up in a rush...Food was average. Had the chicken salad sandwich and fries. There wasn't a lot of chicken salad and it was just okay. The fries were better. The other thing we got was the pub sliders and a side Caesar salad. Each of those were solid but not mind-blowing.Service was friendly. Seems like it could be a cool place, but just didn't hit all the marks for me.
2	We took a party of ten into this place, with high expectations based on Ramsay's excellence-demanding TV persona. We left disappointed with the bland food, high prices, and indifferent service.Between us all, we tried a number of items. After being warned off the chicken salad sandwich by our waiter, we had a couple burgers, a couple tomato soups, a chicken pot pie, an chicken curry dish - by far the best, and a ny strip steak. Rather than go through item by item, suffice to say that the food lacked seasoning, was generally overcooked, and did little to distinguish itself beyond meeting the requirements of what we ordered. Between the ten of us, with a couple sodas, one beer (nine bucks) and a couple glasses of wine, the total came to three hundred bucks. While this was not intended to be a "highlight" meal for our trip, it was still disappointing. Finally, I don't know what horrible thing had happened to our waiter prior to his shift, but his attitude reeked of indifference to the happiness/satisfaction of his table. (Although he might have done me a favor warning me off the chicken salad, who knows.) Given other reviews I have read here, our service experience was not unique.
4	This Ramsey location is very less formal than Ramsey's Steak at the Paris. The food was more on the pub side which is to be expected. Food, drinks and service were all very good. My wife really liked the cucumber cocktail. Disappointed there was no bread basket for the price.
3	Our first disappointing Gordon Ramsay experience, but I guess I should expect it to be downhill after the Savoy!We like GR because the food is simple, basic competent and delivered at a high standard. It was the basics that we're missing: fries that were oily and soft, oddly chewy instead of crispy. The pie samplers were OK, but nothing special and maybe a little runny inside. I've had better in good London pubs. The waiter agreed that when they are made in small ramekins, they don't cook quite the same. I have an idea: THEN DON'T FREAKING OFFER THEM!I will say the lamb burger was absolutely awesome! If the chips had been right, I would've added a star.
2	Oh Gordon....where to begin. I've looked forward for so long to try this place out and the best way I can explain it is to think about the Price is Right song when people lose on the show......yeah exactly.We were in Vegas for opening weekend of the tournament and originally had reservations for Gordon's steak house but after conversing with our bartender a couple days prior he mentioned that pub would be better suited for a larger group. We arrived for our reservation after seeing Seinfeld and were seated promptly, after that its ALL DOWNHILL. It took over 20 minutes just to get water! When the server finally came over he looked confused and to be honest a little pretentious.  I would have expected this from his steakhouse but not the pub. Anyway we put in our appetizer order, calamari and shrimp cocktail, which came out in piece meal again not seeing our waiter this entire time. I will say the shrimp cocktail was the best part of the meal (that's why they received a star) but the calamari left something to be desired. Two people in our party ordered the prime rib and after specifically asking the server how it was given the time (it was 10pm) he noted that it was perfectly cooked and good to go, however what they received was a tough gray log. I ordered the tenderloin medium rare and it came out medium....at best, it was definitely more gray then pink. My one friend might have had it right just ordering a chicken sandwich!All in all, I was very disappointed by this place and can say that I will not be going back. The things that Gordon prides himself on, service and perfectly cooked food, were surely lacking.
2	Wow what a big disappointment ... Had the steak and ale pie... Taste was good but definitely not worth $23.00 for a pie the size of a cup of soup and besides having a crust on top I could have had Campbell's Soup Hungry Man... I left being hungry ... Go for the burger or another option ... Definitely not the pies.... It's a PUB you would expect the traditional pub pies to be excellent especially coming from Gordon Ramsey... Gordon your completion Todd English kicks your Arse at the Aria...  Not even a contest ...
2	Please go back to the original Fish & Chips!  Was at GR last night and was so disappointed. The fish appeared to be the same but greasy and the 'plank' fries were replaced with a mound of greasy,soft chewy ones and the mushy peas were gone!  The bartenders are a lot of fun but we certainly left hungry.  And the Scottish egg appetizer was not a favorite.  We'll be back so please make the change!
1	Awful! My fiance and I watch Gordon Ramsey on TV all the time we loved him. So we were extremely excited to try his place out! The high prices didn't bother us and the food choices were different. I had the lobster mac-n-cheese and my fiance had the shepherd's pie.. well my mac-n-cheese was very mediocre it was a bland gritty cheese sauce (I can make a better sauce at home) and the few pieces of lobster sitting on top tasted like they have been sitting in an ice tub in the fridge. Come on Gordon I know you can do better. Infuse the cheese sauce with lobster or something.. $24 for a cup of cafeteria mac-n-cheese with some defrosted lobster bits on top.. Now for the shepherd's pie. My fiance got violently ill the next day! FOOD POISONING! Never in all the years that we have vacationed anywhere (several times in vegas) has anything like this happened. The day we were suppose to leave to go home and he can't stop.... we'll you know no need to be graphic. He was so bad that we had to stay an extra night in vegas cause he couldn't be in a moving car. An extra night in vegas is not great when you are taking care of a very ill person. Needless to say we will never ever come back to this location and probably never go to another Gordon Ramsey restaurant. Next time we are sticking to Craftsteak (Tom Colicchio's place) now they know how to cook lobster.
5	Atmosphere was great, our server was fantastic, and the food was spot on! We went to celebrate my fathers birthday. Had the scotch egg for an appetizer that came with pickled Brussels sprouts and cauliflower which was amazing! I normally hate Brussel sprouts but I loved the ones they served. For my main course, I had the bangers and mash which was to die for! I definitely left full and happy! My father had the fish and chips and had me try some which was amazing as well. The fish was perfectly cooked and very moist and flaky. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone! It's a bit pricy but definitely worth it! ^_^
3	I went here last night for dinner. It was mediocre from start to finish. We were seated at a high top table and the stools were comfortable but had no back support, so you want to eat and not linger. Their wine selection is abysmal and the server was so excited "about our many beers". Really? Maybe because I'm from Michigan and we have usually have at least 10-20 craft beers on tap. The beer selection was rather boring at the Pub and Grill and topped out at maybe 12 beers. I got the Braised Short Rib and while it was fall off the bone tender, there was nothing spectacular about it. It was simply atop some plain old mashed potatoes with a few undercooked carrots and parnsips on the periphery. Certainly not worth near the $40. I don't think I would ever eat here again. Not that it was a horrible experience but because there was nothing special about anything.
1	Piercingly loud! Smokey. $128.00 fish n chips x 2 n two beers! We took server away from his post watching gamblers. Next night Voodoos! 180 degrees!
2	Was a very disappointing dinner! First of all our server wasn't that great but what  made it a less than average dinner was the New York strip while it was cooked correctly it was way under seasoned and the potatoes where way overcooked. For those kind of prices and knowing that it is Gordon Ramsay I expect a lot more!
3	My wife and I went and was just ok. I had the Shepard's pie and was very disappointed. The potato topping was fantastic but the meat was not. It tasted very good but was very dry. I didn't want to review until I watched how Gordon made this on YouTube. After watching he made his Shepard's pie nice and moist. It was like they cooked the meat, carrot's and onions and didn't add the wet ingredients. His cook's may need Gordon to show them again on how it's made. Just to make a funny but true point, I make a better Shepard's Pie and I did it watching Gordon Ramsay;s YouTube video. My wife had the burger which I got a taste of and was delicious! I would have given a higher rating but when you expected the best Shepard's buy and didn't get it I just couldn't do that. Sorry Gordon.Prices, hey it's Vega's, nothing is cheap so that didn't bother us. Besides, you are eating in one of the world's top chef's restaurants so one would pay a bit more.I still recommend and will go back the next time I'm through.
3	This is pretty good, I got the fish and chips and they were just as I expected, which is weird because I was hoping they would be better than I expected, so I guess I actually expected better fish and chips? Yeah I did. The Server was awesome, bald white guy , wish I could remember his name. There is also a huge bar tender that works there, he's really cool. I like the "text me when my table is ready" thing they have there, it's smart. Beers are good, the price is high for the quality but the location is convenient...right in the middle of Caesars. I would go again maybe for lunch, not dinner, idk, I wish it was cheaper so I could try more of the menu. But yeah, if you're hungry and in Caesars go for it, but I wouldn't say you should go out of your way to try eat here. Done.
5	This place has great burgers and service.  This is one of the places that is great to visit when your in LAS VEGAS.  Check it out before you leave.  It's located inside Caesars Palace.
1	My husband and I went there for our first year anniversary. Too many negatives and no positives. When you bother the hostess by being there, leave. The place had about two other tables, our table had a bench seat. I sat on the bench, my chin hit the table, the hostess said oh that seat has a whole. She offered a chair off to the side but wouldn't be close to the table. Should have left, my husband changed seats. One time I was taller than my husband at the table. We ordered fried oysters, crunchy yes like pretzels, not good. Fish and chips were horrible. No flavor, greasy, and not crispy. Just pathetic. Went and had a slice of pizza at secret pizza shop, it put our dinner to shame.
3	Do NOT come here in a large group. The service is bad, comparing to other places in Vegas, and food is JUST ok. We came here on a Wednesday night with a group of 7 people. Gordon Ramsay plus some beer sounds pretty awesome after a long day of work, so we still decided to give it a try despite the not so good review on yelp. The wait wasn't too bad, we got seated in about 45 minutes or so. They do have a good variety of beer selection and other alcoholic beverages. I wasn't too disappointed at the drinks but was definitely disappointed at the food. 30 minutes after the waiter took our order, we asked about our food because the table next to us with party of 2, who got in about same time as us, already finished their food and left. He told us that our food is next on kitchen list (not exactly sure what this means). Then he came back again, he told one of my friend to choose something else from the menu because they ran out the dish he ordered. Finally when the food came, the order got a little messed up and the food only tasted ok. The fries had different consistency where some are too crunchy and some are not crunchy enough. When we get the bill, the 18% gratuity is already included. Not a good overall experience and it was too expensive for what you get.
4	Very great atmosphere had a wonderful bartender so much that we came back to eat and it was awesome food SPENDY but worth it! Thanks Matt for the homemade Sangria!!
1	Disappointed!!  35 minute wait, which was what was quoted.  Uncomfortable seating everywhere.  Service was about as bad as it gets.  Looks like Ramsey allowed some kids take over the place.  From sit down time to food delivery was 50 minutes.  That was for a party of 2 on a Monday night @ 9pm.  Requested steak medium well...but it was bleeding upon arrival!  The food tasted good, but just not impressed.  Total bill about $100.  Never again...never.
4	We had some dining gift cards to burn, and went here. The 1/2 pound lamb burger at medium cook was pretty good and the fries were great. Only knocking one star because I could have fared better with a lighter burger as a 1/2 pound is a bit too much for me.
2	Disappointing  I had the fish and chips...I was expecting a British Fish n Chips experience - sadly that was not the case.  The fish was a rectangular greasy blob...I had a couple of bites and couldn't force down the rest.  Chips were 'meh' just ok at best...I would rate this 1 star - but the staff were excellent.For what I got - fish and chips and a Pepsi ($35) it was totally disappointing...Maybe they are working out the bugs as it had only been open for a few weeks when I ate there - but I wont be back...Martin B
3	I ordered a Black and Tan and it did to even look like one. They didn't pour the beer right at all and it looked like a light colored Guinness. The food was okay. Kind of greasy but still delicious. If you want to go to a Gordon Ramsey  place I say go to burgr so much better! But it all depends on the type of food you're feelin
4	If it wasn't for the long wait for our food and my lemons for my water I would've loved this place a lot more but I didn't especially when your with a group of girls who are hung the f over.Came here on Sunday around 1pm because Serendipity was a half hour wait (we should have waited). Got seated ASAP after checking in with waters but it took our waitress forever to get my lemons which she did not bring and it even took a lot longer for our food to come out. Not sure if it was her fault or if the kitchen was backed up but at 1pm the place wasn't busy at all. I ordered this salmon puree appetizer and it came in a small jar with 6 thick slices of toasted white soft bread. Really good for less than $20 and it was very filling because I only ate about 3 slices of bread. The bread was really good, soft and crispy even when it cooled down it was still really good to eat with the salmon puree or by itself. I really enjoyed it because it reminded me a lot like a lox and bagel without the capers. My two girlfriends got the lamb burger which they devoured and loved. I didn't get to try it because I don't eat meat but I did get to try the fries that it came with. I love fries so I already knew I would like it but I didn't know I would love it! It wasn't overly salty or oily and it was a thicker slice with the right amount of salt. It was so good just plain and it didn't need the ketchup dip. Prices are reasonable and it's located in Cesar's hotel right across the casino by the Forum shops. Reasonable prizes and big portions! Just be sure to wait awhile.
3	Came in around 3:00 pm on Sunday and although the food (we had burgers) was very good the service was less than stellar and very, very slow.  Waited 40 minutes and there were maybe 15 tables full at the time.  For the reputation and the price I would have expected more.  Also, watched a server drop two clean cloth napkins on the floor and set them back on the counter.  Now I didn't see her put them back on the stack but I didn't see her get rid of them either.  Just sayin' hmmm.
4	I decided to surprise my wife for her birthday with dinner and a show! The decor and atmosphere is a nice mix of classic pub and modern bar. The place settings and seating had a classic feel. Everyone at our table was very pleased with their food and the service was excellent. They even gave my wife a dessert for her birthday which was awesome.
3	As a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay, I jumped at the opportunity to go and experience one of his restaurants myself. I almost wish I hadn't as it has given me a jaded view of one of my culinary heroes.When we arrived, we were escorted to our seats and immediately brought water by a very warm and welcoming waiter. The menu was very broad and seemingly had something for everyone. For what it was, prices were a little on the high side, but as we are on vacation, we ordered and that's where things began to slip.My girlfriend and I both opted for the chicken madras, my mum got the bangers and mash and dad went for the fish and chips. We were all waiting in anticipation to finally try some of Ramsay's British pub classics. The wait, however, was sadly much longer than anticipated. We clocked around 35 minutes sitting talking at the table before our food finally arrived. At this point, the waiter dropped the fish and chips all over the floor. Without a word, he cleaned the plate up and went back to the kitchen. We were waiting for 5 more minutes before our allocated waiter even recognised a plate was missing and no apology was given, simply a "at least one made it" when the second dish was delivered. The food itself was actually delicious from what I had, which is perhaps the only thing keeping this review above 2 stars. The curry had excellent heat and flavour to it and was warm throughout. The bangers and mash were a hit as well, although it should be noted that the sausages are 3 different meats, so if you're not a fan of beef, chicken or pork sausage, I'm sure they would substitute to your preference. As for the fish and chips, it looked good and had crispy batter, however, I had expected it to be more like chip shop style chips from the UK rather than French fries.I believe this place has potential to be great, but could do with some more training for the wait staff. I hope the next time that Mr Ramsay checks in to this part of his empire that he recognises the need for improvement.
2	Ya no, not impressed....I was seriously expecting better... The deviled eggs and lamb burger sounded so amazing on paper but was really just a disappointment on arrival. The deviled eggs were too vinegar filled and tasted like they had been sitting in the fridge for some time. I was expecting an extra kick of flavor from the burger but nope, just tasted like lambs and nothing more... I have neutral thoughts about the fries.Not saying this is a terrible restaurant but this is not on my "to return" list.
1	I don't usually dole out 1 star reviews but this place was really awful.  The signature scallop dish recommended by our server was small and below Red Lobster quality (think Shoney's or something along those lines), the chicken pot pie tasted like a frozen meat pie.  No joke, it was really lousy and the loud mouth celebrity chef should be ashamed to have his name attached to it.  It's a restaurant worthy of a reality show and perhaps that's the point because I can't think of a better reason to open a new restaurant in the middle of a busy casino that is so awful and completely overpriced for the poor quality food served up.  Service was equally uninspired, the girl that brought our dishes to us was flat out frightening and surly, our main server seemed completely out of it as well.  Overall we felt completely unsatisfied with our meals and ripped off even by Vegas pricing standards.  Yuck! Totally disappointing considering we'd had a great meal at Ramsay's BurGR two days earlier.  I understand that The Pub was supposed to be Gordon's outlet for serving up his own favourites so I can only assume he's acquired a taste for the fare he samples when he arrives on set at Kitchen Nightmares. It's that bad.  The decor was cool but.. that's the only thing thing this place has going for it... period.
1	Wow. Pitiful, pitiful meal!I asked the hostess if I could get a good Veg option and I was told "Absolutely I'm a Veg myself and I eat here all the time." We sit down and check out the menu. Uhh, no Veg! The waiter comes along and I ask him what options I have and he tells me there isn't much but he would check with the kitchen. He coms back with an offer from the chef to make a salad. Not the greatest option, but I'll take it.After a half hour or so our food comes out. I got a salad that contained chanterelle mushrooms and spring mix with a vinaigrette on it... that's it. My special salad sucked. It wasn't very special and I ate about a third of it. My wife had fish and chips and the fries were ok. The batter fell off the fish and was an oily mess and she said the Dog and Duck pub in Austin makes it better... This is supposed to be one of their signature dishes and it was a total fail.The worst part about it is when you see Gordon on his shows "fixing" restaurants he is always watching what comes back to the dishwasher to see if customers actually finish their meals. Neither one of us came close to finishing ours and no one said anything to us about it... I guess he doesn't hold his restaurants to the same standards as the failing ones that are on his shows.
4	My boyfriend and I had dinner here on our last trip to Vegas. When the hosted greeted us my bf asked her if we could possibly get seated at a booth. She told us that none were available at the moment but that one was just clearing and that if didn't mind waiting 5 minutes, they could clean it for us. We decided to wait. We got a lovely booth at the back of the restaurant.A waiter came right away to get a drink orders. He was super friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu.I ordered fish and chips, and my bf got the lamb burger. Both were delicious.My only complaint was the price. $30 for fish and chips is a bit excessive, even for a Ramsay restaurant.
2	After a miserable experience at Maze in NYC, I decided to give Gordon's restaurants another shot because I am actually a fan of his. Unfortunately, this experience wasn't any better. When the waiter took our drink order, I asked for the Strongbow cider on draft. They were out...on a Tuesday afternoon. Gordon Ramsay's pub was out of English cider! Ok, so I asked for the pear cider...nope. They were out of that too. My lunch was pretty bad. I ordered the lamb burger, and when it came out, the bottom bun was already bloody and soggy...inedible. Yuck! I was actually surprised they had the nerve to bring it out to me. I tried to eat the rest of the burger and the meat was almost too gamey to eat. I know some lamb meat has that flavor characteristic, but this was bad. I've had a good lamb burger before and I can assure you this isn't it. All negatives put aside, my wife ordered the "spotted dic" desert and that was about the best desert either of us have ever tasted before. I recommend this place for that and maybe some cider if they aren't out. Stay away from the lamb burger, though. Ughh...
3	Don't even bother coming here unless you're willing to spend $100+ on a party of 4. I'd give it 3 1/2 stars but I can't so 3 will do..We got seated right away and I ordered fish n chips for $29 and the fries were nothing special but the fish was perfectly cooked. The calamari was ehh, there wasn't a lot of bread crumbs; it was like eating plain squid but I have no problem with that. The toffee sticky pudding was unbelievably gooooooood. Thanks to our waitress for the recommendation! :-)
2	We questioned the hostess twice about our table after being told 15-20 minutes...that was 45 minutes in. We completed our meal including dessert and NEVER got called for our table...AT THE BAR. I even asked the bartender if they are informed when people decide to eat at the bar instead of waiting for a table and was told no, they still would call you. Dinner was mediocre at best. My sliders were over cooked and very dry. My boyfriends scallops were decent but I guess we expected better for the cost. Beers are WAY over priced even for Vegas standards. Their signature dessert was the best part. Bartenders were friendly and personal. We both agree we would not eat here again.
2	Very disappointed...calamari was salty & Cesar salad had a bottle dressing not good. Overall food was average not worth the premium price!!!
2	Terrible! The calamari and olives were okay but the service, terrible, steak was overcooked and tough and the scallops were mediocre. Luckily though we did order the scallops because otherwise the steak wouldn't even have been edible without the sauce. Gordon should be disappointed. What a rip off.
4	I am not a Gordon Ramsay fan at all, but stopped in here because we were so hungry. It was fantastic! The pea soup was creamy and flavored just right. No dairy, by the way either - just the way I need it to be. Toast/bread was crispy and fresh and so good in the soup. We also shared the olives - amazing! And the salmon spread was to die for. Beers were cold and refreshing and service was very very good. We waited a bit between visited from our waiter, but that was okay. Very good.
3	My expectations were not high based on my track record of TV famous chef establishments and the reviews I read here before going.  Most of the negative reviews on Yelp! were due to slow, bad or non-existent service. Our service was fantastic.  The server was attentive quick and just friendly enough.  I had the lamb burger and my wife had the chicken madras curry.  My burger was perfect in every way.   It was medium rare, tasty and came to the table hot.  My wife's curry was a little more curry than chicken and tasted a bit too much like spicy tomato sauce.  The beer and drink selection was really good. I opted for an English porter which came quick and was still finishing it's cascade when it arrived.It wasn't great enough that I'd rush back but I would not stay away in the future either.
4	Went here for dinner during a friend's Bachelorette Party. The staff were amazing. We had made a reservation and were extremely late because we got lost several times. When we arrived, the place was packed and there was probably a 45min wait, which we had no time for since we had plans to attend a show after. The host took us right away after realizing we had a bride to be in the midst and did so with the biggest smile on her face! The restaurant had great energy, good decor and a was a fun place to hang out with my girls. I ordered the Goodbye Blue Sky drink to start, which was ever so yummy! For dinner I had the braised short ribs. They were extremely tender and the side of truffle fries were to die for. Last but not least, I couldn't leave without trying the Sticky Toffee Pudding, which I first saw Chef Ramsey make on Masterchef and I must say, it was one of the best desserts I've ever had. We got it to go and I ate it on the way to the car. My feet were hurting like no other, but once I took a bite of that pudding, all of my worries just floated away and I was on cloud 9. I will definitely be returning next time I'm in Vegas for this dessert. My meal was roughly $80, which is pretty steep, but it was well worth it!
1	Not so great !! Over priced food that would probably take you 15 min to make at home. And the waiter and waitresses look like they hate there life work there especially the hostess. Fish n Chips not good and not worth the $30. Lazy dogs fish n chips better.
3	While we love Chef Ramsay, this place is just okay.  Nothing to write home about.  It is in Caesar's Palace and therefore, way way over priced.  My husband had a burger, which again, was okay, but a whopping $19.00.  I had the chicken salad sandwich and it was fine, but I've had better.  We tried the "toad in the hole" appetizer, again, okay.  Rather bland.  It was a very expensive lunch; not worth the money spent and would not recommend trying it.  Finally, I just did not understand the "trendy" atmosphere, with the young women in strange "uniform", if you can call it that.  Yuck.
1	If you want real bad experience even after overwhelmingly spending, this is the place. My expectations out of a world famous chef's restaurant has crashed down to nothing after this experience.When you pay 25$ an entree and 15$ an appetizer, you definitely expect something nice out of it. The portion is so small that no one is satisfied after the meal. Even the taste is so average. After spending and expecting so much from a world famous chef's restaurant, if the food is bad, the feeling is anger and dissatisfaction.
1	The worst food in Vegas awful service. The fries were soft, oily and were tasting burn,The cod for fish and chips was good but 28$ for a fish and chips??? And 10$ for a peroni? Little too much. Horrible experience.
5	The best lunch thus far in Vegas! Great food and an amazing server! Great beer suggestion and excellent food! The pretzels were unreal! From the moment we walked in the door until we left we were treated amazing! Never had an empty glass and everyone was very friendly! 100% recommend for a lunch!! Try the lobster Mac and cheese huge chunks of lobster in every bite! And the BLT is delicious!!
5	Wow! I have never had a Burger that was this amazing, tasty, and delicious.Sat at the bar here in Ceasars Palace to enjoy the last period of playoff hockey.Ramon, an awesome bartender who went way out of his way to create an amazing bourbon drink, shared with us some of the cool insider stories that understandably has led to a terrific camaraderie here in the restaurant.Staff is all pleasant, energetic, friendly and really love what they do. Easy to understand when you hire right and inspire the best.Ok, enough of the overkill, but seriously this place is a lot of fun. Good British Pub food with the master touch of Gordon Ramsay.Definitely check it out if you come to Las Vegas and consider sitting at the bar if you're solo or just the two of you.Awesomeness.
2	i'm a HUGE fan of GR's since day 1 of 'hell's kitchen', i enjoy his US and UK shows, so of course when i went to vegas 4/28-5/3, i HAD to go to at least 1 of his vegas restaurants.. my husband and i ended up choosing the pub and grill at caesar's palace for it's casual attire and atmosphere, in fact, it was planned to be our 1st official activity in vegas, i just couldn't wait to go to his place! when we arrived hungry, i didn't even mind the 1 hr wait (we didn't do reservations cuz we were unsure of how long it would take to get to the restaurant), and i thought it was cool they text u when ur table is ready (never experienced that b4 w/ a restaurant lol).. and to be in his restaurant was AMAZINGLY wonderful and exciting for me, being such a fan! but quite honestly, u'd never know that this was his restaurant, his face isn't everywhere. there's no GR merchandise section that i saw. his name is in the restaurant name and his pic in the menu, but otherwise, it's like any other place to eat/drink! personally, i was hoping there would be a merchandise section cuz i'd love to have a shirt or souvenir of his :) anyway, i initially savored every minute the sec we walked into the restaurant! however, the server sucked tho. my husband failed a few times trying to get her attn (doing the standard method, but exaggerated so u'd think she would've noticed!), she was so busy and scattered, she never paid us any attn, not even the minimum cuz our water/my sprite was never checked on. i had to ask the guy who brought my food to ask her to get me a sprite refill lol.. that was pathetic.. w/ my food, i was kinda disappointed too :/// i got the ny steak w/ fingerling potatoes and replaced the asparagus (ewwww) w/ carrots. considering how expensive it was, u'd expect absolute perfection on a plate! well, a few carrots were too raw/hard to even put my fork into, and the potatoes were only a handful amount so the side dishes were really a let down ://// BUT the steak was delish! :)))) the plating for the steak sucked too tho! GR is all about presentation & plating so i think he may be disappointed to find out my dish came out very messy (or idk, maybe that's how the dish is supposed to be plated??)... see, the carrots and potatoes were randomly scattered on the plate *carelessly* imo, and the steak had a potato and carrot underneath it, like the steak was just plopped on top of the potatoes and carrots :/// i just tweeted pics of the dish from b4 and after i ate it to show the plating, and the raw carrots and fatty steak part i left behind.. dunno if he'll respond at all, but i thought i'd at least notify him of how things were done.. i also got the potted triple chocolate trifle which i LOVED. it was various layers/textures of dark, milk, and white chocolate :)) w/ a couple small cookies on the side. so i had very mixed feelings about my 1st and likely only experience at a GR restaurant as i doubt i'll have the chance to go back to vegas again (or any other location where his restaurants are). i really did have high expectations w/ his location b/c it's GR! he's all about perfection w/ taste and plating, and of course, he's anti-raw foods lol.. and then there's the horrible server i mentioned b4 who really was frustrating, if i wasn't in such a great mood about the 1st nite in vegas, i would've complained more outwardly at the time, right now, i'm wishing i had... will try to post pics of everything.
1	Oh My Goodness! Gordon Ramsey needs to place the same expectations on his restaurants that he does on others. Service was so slow, we could have walked to the food court and grabbed something before we got drinks. Then another 30 mins to get out food. Good thing we were in good company. My husband had the Bangers and Mash and he was greatly disappointed in the quality of food.  I had the cheese burger, which looked great but it was very dry. Needless to say, we won't be coming back and we definitely don't recommend it!!
2	I haven't dined at any Gordon Ramsey places and if this is any indication, I'll take a pass. The service and decor was fine enough, but their food is so overpriced and not so good. Their charcuterie appetizer was so lacking in flavor and their pates were hard as a rock.  So disappointed. One only highlight of the meal was the pretzels with very spicy mustard. The fish n chips were ok (better be for $27) and their chicken curry (wish this was better explained by the waiter) wasn't what I had expected. For a pub too, what a standard and boring beer draft menu. At least bring in Fullers! Sheesh. Skip this place and head to Central, Caesars 24 hr restaurant, located in the lobby.
1	My party were treated terribly here. We ordered a round of drinks which arrived very slowly. Much later we ordered our meal. When we tried to order a second round of drinks (light beer, not liquor) we were told we were too drunk!  When we asked to pay for our drinks and leave they tried to charge for the food which after 40 minutes had still not arrived.  When they finally brought the bill for the drinks only we were attended to by numerous staff, something that had been lacking all night.   So many better places to eat in Vegas. Don't go for the flashy celebrity name. Go somewhere with a good atmosphere and friendly service instead. (And where they don't charge $24 for shepherds pie. Ground beef and mashed potato - seriously?!?)
1	Sooo, I was pretty excited about this place and total fail!!!  I paid 30 bucks for fish and chips that were very bland and not even worth 10 bucks.  I substituted the chips for a side salad and the salad was just dry lettuce with some carrots and snap peas. Not good, don't waste your money at the Pub.
2	Second visit occurred 5-7-2014. Dined for two with reservations which made wait time excellent as well as food delivery time. I enjoyed beet salad,which was best experience. Pretzels were old tasting and dry. Beef sliders dry and over cooked. Deviled egg filling was very dry and not creamy in consistency; however the vinegar on egg white shells were good. We asked waitress if Mr. Ramsay was involved in restaurant operations and we were advised he most certainly is; however, it would be beneath him to consider "amateur" reviews on Yelp. Waitress indicated the people who work at restaurant are best equipped to know what's good versus customers. First visit occurred on 5-4-2014 with group of six. Service took 2 hours but food seemed better, lamb burger was reported by my table as delicious. I didn't order food but reserved my opportunity 3 days afterward.I gave this place 2 stars since the waitress' comments suggest there is no place in their business for customer feedback since owner is celebrity chef and has "better things to do with his time than to look at Yelp or hear from amateur food critics."Place is not worth the expense.
1	I just had THE WORST MEAL I HAVE EVER HAD in Las Vegas. My wife and I have been here twice before and had good meals, though the last one was nothing to write home about. I brought my father in law here while our wives were dining elsewhere.Except for the Calamari which were good, everything else was horrible. The chicken wings were meatless (a vegetarian could have eaten them for all the chicken they had). The prime rib was so tough that my father in law sent his back. I nibbled at enough of mine that I didn't send it back, but you could tell it was old, tough, dog food grade meat.Gordon Ramsay should be ashamed of himself! His next Kitchen Nightmares should be filmed in his own bloody restaurant!  Not only will we not be back at this establishment, but we are far less likely to go to his other restaurants - just in case they've gone downhill in a similar manner to this one.
5	Adam in the bar is AMAZING!! You have to go sit with him and get their version of a mint julep OR and Ramsay tonic!!! So so good! And their deviled eggs appetizer! OMG must go.
1	It would be 0 stars if possible. I've never been to a Gordon Ramsay restaurant before, but for our last night in Vegas (all other meals were great!) my girlfriend and I decided to check out his Pub and Grill in Caesar's. Hands down worst meal of the strip. Service was friendly but every course was wayyyyy over cooked. Buyer beware, if you want medium order extra rare! Smallest wings of my life and as dry as the nearby desert, medium rare prime rib more like well done, over salted everything, and medium strip steak was well done and charred (sorry for repeating myself but overcooked is the theme of this review). The manager offered to "take care of us on our next meal here," but there is no way I'll ever be back, or any Ramsay joint for that matter. Sorry Gordon, you lost me at hello.
1	This was the worst foodie experience I have ever had in Vegas. There is amazing food everywhere you turn in Vegas, except here. First of all, the food is so bad. I can't believe Ramsay would even want his name associated with this restaurant. We tried multiple dishes on the menu including the caesar salad, beef pie, scallops, and lamb. The caesar salad had overly fishy, bad tasting anchovies which you could barely taste under the dressing the salad was drenched in. The beef pie was not only much too salty, but too peppery as well. The scallops must not have been cleaned because eating them was like eating a handful of sand on the beach. They were also in a chowder type broth that was mostly potatoes with no flavor. The lamb was nothing special and irony tasting. We enjoyed nothing except our cocktails, which by the way were excellent. Guess this is the place to only grab a drink. I would expect food like this at Denny's, but not at an extremely high priced restaurant with Ramsay's name attached to it. The best part if the story is that this awful foodie experience took place on a night that Ramsay was actually visiting the restaurant, but he clearly wasn't watching what was going on in the kitchen and was preoccupied by fans. If we couldn't have a somewhat decent meal with him there I would sure be afraid to try this place when he isnt there. This really should be his next stop on Kitchen Nightmares.
2	Worst restaurant experience in my week in Vegas!I recently visited Gordon Ramsay's Pub & Grill and was very excited to try it.  Our visit started out very well.  Our server was extremely professional and friendly.  It ended there, however.  I was with a party of four and we all ordered.  I ordered the lamb burger and couldn't wait to taste it, which I never did do.  I specifically asked if the burger had lettuce on it and was told no.  It had some on it when it came and the server stated that it wasn't supposed to be like that so he took it back.  This would have been fine, however, somehow my meal got "lost" due to our server needing to wait on a table that had a language barrier.  So I sat while my whole table ate and finished with still no food. When I flagged down our "new" server, he seemed not to know what was going on.  I asked for the manager, who was also not aware of the issue.  When I told her, she did offer to get me a meal, but by then it was too late.  I was not about to eat while everyone else waited for me.  She did comp our drinks, but I would have rather had my burger and enjoyed my meal.  I was so disappointed because I am a big fan of Gordon Ramsay, and if he puts his name on a restaurant, I expect it to be great.  The others in my party did enjoy their meals.So, ultimately, I left hungry and annoyed!
3	The interior deco was a tribute to the motherland, England. Made to look like an English pub. You won't believe how casual and laid back this place is, in comparison to its neighbors at Caesar's Place. Peter was our host and he reminded us of Mario Lopez! I really like the pork rillettes (despite mistaking it for fish initially). It had none of the porky taste and looked as white as fish meat. Topped with strings of sweet caramelized onions. It was the perfect finger food to wash down with a pint of beer. We had a good pint! I can't recall its name but if a non-beer fan can love it, I am sure most people will too! It had a dark oaky color, wasn't very strong but had slightly bitter aftertaste. The Deviled egg was a miss for me though my friend seemed to liked it. To each his own. It's definitely one of Ramsay's biggest restaurant in Vegas and Hell Kitchen was shot there too. Interest ambiance but nothing beats the real deal English pub for sure!
2	There was a huge line at Hash House A Go Go, so we wondered over and decided to try Ramsey's.  The fish and chips were a real let down, and my brothers pot pie was child sized. My uncle and dad weren't impressed either. We won't be back. Wolf Gang Pucks in the MGM is stellar (try there).
2	Liked the atmosphere but  that as about it. I am not a big portion guy but thought the size of my order didn't match the price that came with it.  Overall nobody at our table was impressed and luckily me and my bro were buying or the two old guys with us would still be complaining. Big fan of Mr. Ramsay but my experience at this place was less than what I was expecting.
5	Went there on a Saturday night and was able to find seating at the bar for a few drinks before dinner with relative ease.  Had dinner there after a long day of gambling and split a bunch of plates with friends.  Everything was great and I wish I would have went back again for a more focused experience.  Definitely way better than Bobby Flay's place in CP.
5	My sisters and I came here for Super Bowl Sunday.  It was $100.00 per person to get in, unlimited food and drinks.  The food was delicious.  I didn't drink but my sister's did and said the drinks were good.  The decor is nice, the workers uniforms are ridiculous, lol, I felt bad for them, but it is a very English look.  The big bonus to this was though that on occasion Gordon Ramsey himself comes in to check on things, and at the time we were there so was he.  My sister is a big foodie and we were stoked that she got to get a picture with him.  He is very nice and personable in person although I didn't get too close because I couldn't get past my terror and PTSD of watching him scream at people on TV.  lol.Overall it is a great place.  I'd definitely go back both for the Super Bowl, or just for dinner or lunch.
1	With so many great eateries on Vegas Strip, this place just taint Gordon Ramsey's name.  A hip pub joint that serves food which my mom can make better at home.  We were seated around 1PM on a Friday, and our server did not come over until 20 minutes or so after.  Then after he took our order, he came back and "confirm" our order.  Basically, he forgot our second entree order.  Anyhow, after waiting close to half an hour, I was about to blow a gasket.  I asked the waiter to check on our food, he said it is coming.  He served our entrees first before our mussels and clams appetizer.The mussels tasted like mud, not fresh and tender.  It was just very musky.  The bacon burger was just ok, nothing real special about it.  It was under favored.  For $19, I expected a bit more.  Then the Steak and ale pie also lacked in favor.  Marie callendar's chicken pot pie tasted better than this.  I still can't believe I tipped the server.The restaurant decor was nice, but the food and service really stinks.
2	I just don't see the big deal. Maybe because it's in a fancy resort, and has the Gordon Ramsay name, but I just don't find it that great.Prices are super expensive for what you are getting, which is basically a nice craft burger and craft beer.I got the fish and chips, and while they were good, they were definitely not the "best" fish and chips I had ever gotten.Bottom line, the food is average. You are not going to be blown away by the food. You will be blown away by the price though. 4 of us spent $100+ after food and drink. Then again, it is Vegas, so I guess it should be expected.
4	We tried the Pub and Grill on our latest adventure and loved it!  Not sure why all the bad reviews here.  We were greeted and given a table right away, 11 pm on a Friday night.  Our server came by, got a drink order while we looked over the menu.  I ordered the Beet Salad and my fiance got the Burger.  Both were absolutely delicious!  We also got the sticky toffee pudding for dessert and loved it.  We had a great experience here and would not hesitate to come back again.  Discounted pricing for Total Rewards members is nice also.  As were were seated near the bar, we were able to see ESPN and catch all the scores.  Check it out, you'll be glad you did.
5	The fish & chips were to die for! The best I've had since London.  Adam was our server & he was outstanding!  A++++
2	My husband and I made dinner reservations for Gordon Ramsay's Pub with high expectations.  My God, after watching KN & HK, you'd expect nothing but the best.  Unfortunately, we were sadly disappointed.  We were there at 6:00 on a Monday night for dinner.  The place was nearly empty.  So whom do they sit next to us, when there are dozens of open seats everywhere?  A table of 4 loud drunks.  The server came up to us immediately, but that was the high point of the evening.We ordered fish & chips and prime rib, both of which also came to us immediately.  My fish was cold, my fries were cold and greasy, my husband's prime rib was nothing special.  His vegetables were cold and mushy; his mashed potatoes cold and tasteless.  When we questioned the server, he said that the fish & chips were made "only" 5-10 minutes before our order.  If he admits to 5-10 minutes, I bet on at least 30.  I thought that Gordon's restaurants always made dinners to order -- at least something as traditional and simple as fish & chips.  How can you screw that up?Besides that, the place just doesn't feel and look clean.  The silverware is put right on the table, which in our case was covered with sprinkled salt, a sure sign that the table had not been cleaned between diners.  The uniforms of the servers were wrinkled and mismatched.  I'm not sure what look Gordon was seeking, but the servers clearly do not have the same "vision".When we complained to the manager, he was dismissive and condescending, making sure to inform us that "Gordon had just been there last week and everything was great".  Well maybe great when the boss is around, but with zero or no quality standards when he is not.Bottom Line: Save your money for fish fries at your local Catholic church during Lent.  Gordon's made enough money from hard-working "no counts" like us.
1	Service was poor. Waiter cleared table of food prior to finishing the meal. Waitress was non-existent and was somewhat rude. Waited over 10 mins for check and rarely saw her after she took my order. Took another 5 for her to pick up the check and return it for signature. Ordered the madras chicken which was good but very spicy. I'm guessing if Gordon was here tonight there would be a lot of profanity as the service wouldn't come close to meeting his high standards.
1	I was very disappointed this last time around.the first time I went it was heavenly from the food to the service everything was top notch, so much so I insisted this time it was one of first stops in Vegas. I was dissapointed from the service to the prime rib, when we pointed out it was too dry to eat she asked if we wanted a Togo bag. We never got a replacement napkin that she had initially dropped .. It never got better.  So sad
5	Decided to check this place out on our way out. Couldn't have been happier! This place is so awesome. Our food was perfect and we had the sweetest/coolest server ever. I forgot her name, but she was super cute and was from Cuba? Anyway, this place made me want to try more of Ramsay's spots :) Check it out. You probably won't be disappointed.
5	Good food, good portions.  Granted it is slightly expensive, we'll worth it.  Our table had the red wine braised short rib (probably best dish of the four we ordered), diver scallops, fish and chips, and blt sandwhich.  The short rib was extremely tender and had very food flavor.  Service was excellent as well.
5	Had the potted salmon and filet mignon. Soo gooddddd. Place is a bit loud but it's supposed to have that pub vibe. No waiting :) Waitor was really helpful and nice. It's inside caeser's palace. Will definitely come back for more!
5	Raul was our bartender and server! Loved my drink - it was the Ramsay Tonic. Fresh, lovely and perfectly mixed. My husband had a beer and Carmel Salted Apple and he thought they were great! Louie the manager stopped by to check on us. So nice! I had the sliders were super delish and the hubs had short ribs and the bowl was licked clean. :-) I also enjoyed the Santa Barbara Chard exactly what it should be. The energy in the room was fun and happy. We'll be back!
4	I got surprised with lunch from my boo at Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill when I was just here for my birthday.  The service was phenomenal.  We ate at the bar and had such a lovely time chatting with the bartender.  She was great with my man's allergy concerns and was very honest about helping us pick the best things to eat.I had the lobster mac n cheese and split pea soup.  SOOOOO Good.We got surprised with the spotted dick --insert juvenile joke here-- for dessert.  The warm bread pudding with ice cream was to die for.  Honestly, who needed lunch food.  Just get this!  It is pricey.  But honestly, EVERYTHING nice in Vegas is pricey now.  Not to mention, food like this is starting to look cheap in comparison to the price of 2 drinks at a club.  $40-$60 for 2 drinks?! Seriously people!?!?! WTF!  --endrantonsoaringvegasdrinkprices--
5	We stopped in for a beer and were welcomed by the bartender. Lots of beer on tap, good variety, something for everyone. I am not even a beer expert but I found a beer I liked.  We tried the calamari and it was very fresh and came with tartar and cocktail sauce. Service was attentive and the couple next to us wanted a sit down dinner. The bartender walked all the way to the front and got the hostess, walked back with her and introduced them to the hostess. Can't get better than that kind of service!
1	Big fan of Gordon Ramsey's Bugr and Steak and decided to stop by here for lunch. What a mistake. We sat at the bar and ordered drinks and their burger from the bartender. After a few minutes the bartender just started wiping glasses. We were pretty irritated and got up, the bartender noticed and said he forgot and apologized. He put in the order and brought our drinks. We waited for about 20 minutes and our bartender disappeared. I needed a refill on my beer but we couldn't get anyone's attention even though we were sitting front and center in the bar area. There was one bartender who was glued to the television watching the soccer game. We were finally fed up once and for all. I reminded the bartender that he wasn't sitting in his apartment watching TV and to bring my bill (for 1 beer). Also canceled the burger. What's even sadder is that the bar seating around us was empty and a complete mess. On a better note the pizza in the food court next door was quick and delicious. Overall, Ramsey shouldn't act like he has such high standards and rip apart restaurants on Kitchen Nightmares then have his name on a place like this. Too much expansion to create restaurants for contestants to work at from Hells Kitchen without proper training.
4	Another Gordon Ramsay experience.. I have to admit I liked the food here better Gordon Ramsay Steak.  Had the short ribs.. a sucker for them anytime they are on the menu.. and my husband and daughter had the fish and chips.  I will take the short ribs here over the steakhouse anytime! The fish and chips.. I expected more from the "chips" seemed like frozen french fries to me!  But alas.. the toffee pudding makes everything better.  Two down one to go.. Burgr see you next time I'm in Vegas!
2	I popped in here one week-night, when there were no vendor-sponsored blow-outs lined up for the conference I was attending. The place was crazy busy, and the two hostess babes on duty looked me up and down, and basically said 'no way!' I walked on back to the bar, and eventually wrangled a barstool. I eventually managed to  order what sounded like an intriguing cask-aged 'London Style' Porter from the over-whelmed, inattentive barmen-- which at $13 a pint, was sort of like a watery stout, not any Porter I have previously encountered.  I next decided to double-down and ordered the Pub Pretzels, Pub Burger, and chips.  The Pretzels were pretty good.  The burger was a huge, decently cooked patty, while the 'chips' were mildly soggy steak fries.  So, basically $40+ for a burger and a beer left me feeling liked I had been conned -- even by Las Vegas standards!  If you want pub food, go see The Man -- Hubert Keller's Burger Bar (or even Fleur) further down The Strip will treat you right, and send you on your way happy!
1	No no no. This goes on the skip it list. This is the second GR place I have been and had bad food and experience. And I'm a fan!Maybe I was hoping for too much???The food, just burgers and salad took forever to come out. The staff was confused and seemed disoriented.Plenty of other places to eat at...move on...nothing to see here.
5	My brother and I really wanted to eat here because we used to watch a lot of Gordon Ramsay food shows. We had high expectations for this restaurant and we were definitely not disappointed. The food was amazing and the service was also really good! I ordered the lobster Mac and cheese, which was really delicious! There was a lot of lobster inside the Mac and cheese, which made the price worth it. For dessert, I ordered the sticky toffee pudding, which was also really yummy!
3	this review is really 3-4ish stars. solid food for lunch. fish and chips: generous portion of 2 thick and tender (not overly salty) cod filets. ask for the fries to be extra crispy.lobster mac n cheese side dish had nice parmesan flavor along with plenty of lobster chunks. bangers and mash comes with 3 plump sausages of different meats: chicken, pork and beef. sticky toffee pudding was a winner!!
4	This place was very good. Atmosphere was good and the price was little pricey though the food was plentiful and delicious. We had a god waitress that went through the menu well. The tomato soup is excellent!!!  Thank you
4	Come on - Gordon Ramsay not being good? I don't know how that would be possible. Now to be fair - this is pub-style food, true to British form, so don't go expecting Americanized flavor-overload. That being said, the flavors were like simple taken up a notch and the spotted dic pudding was fabulous!!! Divine. Best. Ever.If I'm in Vegas again, I'd jump at the chance to eat here again!
4	Gordon Ramsey's in London was one of the most exquisite dining experiences in my life. The "Pub & Grill" was not. It is competent food, served efficiently, in a fun atmosphere. It is a step (or two) up in the quality and inventiveness of the food of Chili's or BJ's, with a more "sophisticated" beer and wine list. They handled our group of 14 even better than expected. It was impressive; Ramsey really does know how to run a restaurant. They messed up some items on our order, and more than made up for it by comping those items and apologizing. Our total bill was around $860, including tip. (~$61/each). If you expect haute cuisine, try one of Ramsey's other places. For well-prepared pub food, the Pub & Grill is a good, but pricy spot.
4	Loud, crowded & full of energy- not unlike Chef Ramsay! My visit was at the bar to check out the drink menu for a future visit here. Lots of specialty cocktails & I'm impressed that one, Ramsay Tonic, is gin based.  Bartenders were easy going & happy to answer questions. Forsake the touristy vibe here & would be a great hangout pre whatever show or event you're heading to.
2	The food ain't even out yet but Imma do this review anyways. Our waitress seems to be lost most of the time. I asked for some lime/lemon for the water and she never brought it. We have a table for six and it has been 40 mins since we ordered and still nothing on the table yet. Our water needs refilling at this point in time but she just looks at us and keeps moving. I'm so thirsty right now i feel like im about to go drink from the water fountain at the bellagio The chair is unusually high with no backrest in this joint. Better be carefully or u Crack your head when u slip. I'll edit this review once the food comes out... The food is OK. Not great, not good, but ok. I expected more from a Gordon ramsay restaurant seeing how they put him on TV and shit. Now i know why he's pissed all the time, it's all shitty. How do you not provide spoons when customers order soup? The rice was stale. The steak was very bitter. The clam chowder is good, but i think i like progresso better. I'll stick with yelps reviews next time. Btw, did I mentioned that their chairs are super uncomfortable??
4	The name alone is worth checking this place out because if any of you have seen any of his shows he strives to be the best and well this place is almost just that. I can honestly say I have never had such amazing service in my life. Not only do they refill your drinks the second they are low but they also know what you want before you even ask its pretty awesome. But besides the great service the food is also really great. I had there lamb burger which was recommended by the staff. I was here for lunch so its unfortunate i wasn't able to try there dinner menu. There prices are sort of high but then again it is Vegas so that is kind of expected. Overall its a great place and well worth checking out.
4	great cocktails and bartenders, we sat at the bar and had the pork rillete!! amazing-ness!!!
4	I ate four times at at Ramsey pub and grill at caesars palace during my stay. Great beer selection. The bangers and mashed is excellent. The blt was just ok. The pulled pork tastes just like tuna. The barkeeps were friendly knowledgeable and fun. The prices were were reasonable for the strip. Cheers.
3	Dined here for lunch on 06/04/14.Ordered:Mini Pub Burgers - (2) sliders with great taste and nice grilled buns Loli-Pop Chicken Wings - I should have been suspect of Loli-Pop in the title. Only ordered 6. Teeny-Tiny Things. Stilton Cheese Dip they came with was incredible!Toad In The Hole - Pastry wrapped sausage with a wild and crazy mustard dipping sauce. The dipping sauce was the star of this dish.Lackluster waiter.Husband ordered a beer. Total bill was $50.00.Not bad. Not over the top wonderful.I think my husband's thoughts of my becoming a food snob may be coming to fruition...
1	Went to Gordon Ramsey Pub about 6 months ago. I was not overly impressed, but thought I would try it again. I am in Vegas often and was looking for a decent casual place. Mini burgers were dry and cold. Lobster Mac and Cheese was good, but not great. I told the waitress of my burger complaint and she did not seem interested. Apparently the standard that Chef Ramsey has on his television shows are not the same in his restaurants. It seems to me if you put your name to something and profess excellence, it should be excellent; not just alright.
3	Just okay and pricey for bar food.  A cheeseburger, coffee, beer and fish and chips were $80 with tip.
3	Mixed feelings so it's best to judge it by what is it not what you wish it was. Its an English Pub. Any relation to Mr. Ramsay is probably a marketing coincidence. As a pub it has the usual great beer and okay food. We had calamari - burgers - shepherds pie - all well inexpensive ($15 $17 $23 I think) and serviceable enough. But the same food you would get at the Rusty Gull or Bob's Roadhouse in pointe-de-rubber-boot.The staff are cheery and service is excellent. They seem oddly extra happy as they consistently high low five each other quite energetically as they pass my table. With the endless supply of options in Vegas there is nothing special about this place that makes you want to go back. So we won't.But I'm going to give it 3 stars based on service and prices.
3	Meh. GORDON RAMSEY'S PUB AND GRILL at Caesar's wasn't terrible - but it didn't live up to the expectations I had for it. Especially after I loved "BurGR" so much.We shared some Spicy Bacon Deviled Eggs and those were solid. I ordered the Shepherd's Pie and thought it was pretty good too. Other items ordered at our table were a mixed bag. I did enjoy that they had Dogfish 90 and Lagunitas on tap.We had a super sweet server, and everything was pretty good. But it wasn't mind blowing enough for me to return to with so many choices in Vegas.3.5 stars. Solid, but overpriced and not spectacular.
2	My wife originally wanted to go to the steak house at the Paris but once we realized it was going to be About $400 for lunch we opted for the Pub. First impressions nice atmosphere clean bright vibrant. We sat down with our daughter and waited about 20 minutes for a server to come. I was hungry and went straight away for the toad in the hole and the diver scallops I told the waiter I had not had toad in the hole in over 20 yrs. he explained it was not traditional at which I realized it was basically a pig in a blanket. I changed my order to scotch egg and chicken curry my wife had fish and chips. When the waiter eventually came with the food all at the same time I think a quail egg was used for the scotch egg I got scallops instead of the curry. My wife's food was okay at best for $16 F&E but they cost $30. Scallops overlooked. $180 for two and a half peeps with two drinks each. A lot of dosh for bad nosh, Done!!!!!!!
3	I'm beginning to get the feeling that every celebrity chef restaurant in town is merely a siphon for tourist cash and nothing more. The quality of food rarely ever meets the expectation that comes with the famous talking head promoting it. Gordon Ramsay demands quality on screens worldwide, but when it comes to his restaurants you get what you pay for. High quality does necessarily not trickle down from the mega-bucks eateries these celebrity chefs own.  After a decent wait - because these hot spots are always packed - my gf & I took a seat in the back. We were here at an odd hour late in the day, so we decided to just get a couple drinks and split some appetizers. That "couple of drinks" became one when we checked the menu and noticed each signature cocktail was $15 a pop. Now, yes, I know I could've just had something else but where's the fun in that? Still, there's no way in hell I'm going to try getting drunk on $15 drinks. I ordered a Pub Crawl, which was bourbon whiskey with ginger liqueur, lemon, and mint & black tea syrup. Tasted great, would've loved a few more... but not at that price. For the apps, we decided on a Scotch egg and the pot pie sampler, which included mini versions of their steak, chicken, and shepherd's pie. The Scotch egg was killer. I've had this exactly twice before in my life - the first time was very good, the second time it was two burnt lumps of sausage surrounding a medium-boiled egg. This blew both of those away. I would assume if they can make a Scotch egg great anywhere, it's going to be here. Now, the pot pie sampler shows up and it's tiny. Really tiny. Tyrion Lannister's little mitts would make these pies look small, and in my hands they looked like silver dollars. At $24 (which is $8/each), you'd think the serving size would be double. Too bad, because the steak pie was delicious. Chicken pot pie is chicken pot pie, and this tasted like any other chicken pot pie. But the shepherd's pie was kinda rank. It smelled like dirty gym socks and didn't taste much better. WTF? I've had great shepherd's pie before and this was not even close. Lame. We grabbed the bill at this point and - HOLY SHIT - $72 and I'm not even full or drunk?!? I don't even have a mild buzz, and I'm already asking my gf where to eat next. If you feel like blowing twice that, go for dinner. Me, I'd rather fill up somewhere else just as good; a place that won't charge me for a fancy name.
1	Came here to watch the end of an NBA game because there are plenty of TVs and ordered the chicken wing lollipops. The wings were poorly done. They were dry, the breading was thick, and there was barely any sauce coating the wings. I will not be back to try other items on the menu.
2	"Gordon Ramsay would throw this plate across the room", said one of my co-workers after tasting their entree. I went here on a Wednesday night with two co-workers, while in town for business.  We all decided to order the fish and chips, but there was little consistency between the three plates.  Both of my co-workers received three pieces of fish, that were barely deep fried.  The batter was very soggy with no crisp or crunch you expect with an order of fish and chips. One of the dishes came out missing the lemon wedge and tartar sauce, which was quickly brought upon request.  While mine were cooked longer and actually tasted good, I only received two pieces instead of three.  The 'chips' tasted very much like Burger King's fries, something you don't expect when paying this price.  A friendly waiter could have made this experience better, but ours wasn't very personable.  I wouldn't recommend this restaurant, especially with so many other options in Las Vegas.
3	Long wait ofcourse. I had the scallops it was good. My sister was satisfied with her burger. My brother didn't like the lamb but he liked the dessert, spotted dog and chocolate trifle. We expected better.
2	I got the Chicken Curry - It tasted like Hormel canned chili. Not impressed. The menu stated the curry was made with yogurt, though it has a tomato base. It was served with quarter sliced pita bread; curry is usually served with naan flat bread.Saw three couples sit down and walk out while I dined. Guessing the price was a shock. This is just another famously named restaurant with average food, overly priced that tourists end up paying for  #touristtrap
3	First of all, do not go here if you're looking for a fine dining experience. This is a pub. Expect a high noise level and pub food.With that said we had an ok evening. Food was good. A bit overpriced, but good. Best was the sticky toffee pudding (highly recommended) and the salmon with a lovely crispy skin.
2	the food is below average and bland ! from watching is shows i expected something spectacular, i was wrong, for a guy who likes to tell people on his show that they are terrible cooks he may want to pay closer attention to his own restaurant, i know its not "fine dining" but the prices sure are ! i miss the old vegas when food was great and cheap and they made money off of gambling, now corporations own it and they do the bare minimum, i liked it better when mobster ran it !
1	Not really very authentic if you are English. Fish and chips are ok but not great
2	We found ourselves here for dinner since one of my companions was too tired to leave Caesar's Palace for dinner. We made reservations and went up to our rooms to rest prior to eating.We were seated quickly and were entertained with World Cup Soccer on the TVs around us. We had very attentive waitstaff. There was a nice selection of beer on tap, which made my dining companions happy. We started with the fried calamari, which was yummy. I appreciated that they included the tentacle pieces since those are my favorite. What was pretty gross was the pond of grease that was at the bottom of the paper when we finished our meal. The kitchen needs to be a better job of draining the grease before serving.I had the BLT Duo. I wish I knew it was served cold ahead of time. Cold pork just isn't my thing. The pulled pork was more of a pulled pork salad since it was mixed with a light creamy dressing. A thick cold piece of bacon on top was less than appetizing. Minus a star right there. Again, I wish I knew ahead of time that it was served cold. I would definitely not order this again.One companion ordered the NY Strip. His comment was that it was much better than the NY steak at the Old Homestead Steakhouse. It came with a tiny portion of fingerling potatoes and asparagus. He asked the server for a piece of bread since the meal was pretty rich. The server said no. He indicated he would need to order the appetizer pretzel bread. This seemed unreasonable as we saw other dishes that had bread. This 80+ year old man wanted a small piece of bread with his steak. Seriously, the waiter should have brought him a piece of bread on the house. It's not like we didn't each order a full meal, plus appetizer and drinks from the bar. They lost 2 stars and a percentage of their tip right there. The other companion ordered the curry chicken. It's an Indian curry served with a side of chutney. I thought it was just ok, but my companion really liked it. By the end of the meal he was sweating from the spices.One last point: The seating is meant to be like a pub. Each table had different style of chairs and tables. Some were regular restaurant table and chairs, there was also traditional bar seating and other tables that were homey with high backed sitting room style chairs. We were seated on a raised table with high bar stool seats. It wasn't my preference to eat dinner on stools without back support. I wish the hostess checked in with us about this prior to seating, especially considering we had a senior citizen in our party. Minus one star for lack of consideration for any special needs of our party.
4	We came here months ago while on vacation and both tried the Yorkshire Ale Batter Fish & Chips. The fish was crispy and not too greasy inside, chips were great as well. They were big portions, we could of shared one order. I like the other GR's Steak and BurGR better than this restaurant, but it didn't disappoint.
4	My wife would say.. Awesome, delicious... go.We had the truffle chips "Fries" and the Lollipop Chicken wings for apps, both were great and cooked to perfection.The wife had the scallops with clams. Said it was very tasty, i don't eat shell fish so I took her word. They looked very good, seared nicely on both sides.I had the Burger with bacon. It was outstanding, the beef was perfect and the chef knows what Medium means.Service was great, very attentive and we were seated within a minute of showing up at our reserved time... It was packed on the Friday night.We gave it 4 stars based only on the price... If you go, you will love it.
2	Craptastic service at the bar- But two stars for having Meantime Porter on Draft and tasty deviled eggs. Couldant endure the bar staff any longer so we bailed on this joint after finishing our beers..
1	Alex, our server is the reason for this low review. Service:Alex did not have a professional demeanor but rather was condescending in his remarks to our simple order of 2 items - the beef burger and calamari. He commented "3 people for 1 burger, really?" When in reality, we wanted to sample the food & order more if we were still hungry.The 5 STAR SERVICE goes to YOUR WATER BOY who was available when we needed to make our order To Go. (We almost missed our flight due to the delay) He was PROMPT, POLITE, and PROFESSIONAL. Food:Tbh, the burger was salty. There was nothing extraordinary about the fries, either. ALSO, Alex took our order of 2 simple items, incorrectly. Summary:NO, we would not return nor recommend this location due to Alex's service, unnecessarily snarky remarks and poor attitude. The food was below average. For a great burger go to In N Out, Bin 38 or RN 74 in SF.
1	We made a reservation for our party of 6 at Gordon Ramsay's Pub & Grill, as we were looking for some simple food prior to attending Absinthe, just outside Caesar's. The server was nice enough, although somewhat awkward and not detail-oriented. I should have looked at the menu more closely before choosing this restaurant, as there was not much on the menu that interested me. I ended up ordering the mini-pub burgers as my meal. They were OK. One of the girls had the scallops and really enjoyed those as well. But that was about it for the positives.One member of our party asked about the curry chicken, which the server said was very good. She probed as to how hot or spicy it was, and the server said it really wasn't at all. It took FOREVER for our meals to come, without any real update from our server. Finally, 5 of 6 meals came and the server didn't address the missing 6th meal. Finally, we caught his attention and asked what was going on. Apparently the kitchen missed the 6th order, which happened to be a steak so it was taking even longer to come out. After one bite of the curry chicken, our friend knew it was verrrryyy hot. The server mentioned it also came with a jelly to "cool the spices" and that was nowhere to be seen. She actually looked to be in pain trying to eat her meal.My husband had the grilled beef burger, and he said it was just OK. To top it off, our waiter put everything on one bill. We had a party of 6, very clearly 3 couples. He couldn't take the time to separate it onto 3 separate bills?I'm going to assume Gordon Ramsay doesn't spend much time checking in on the performance of this restaurant. We eat out a lot, and have rarely had an experience this poor. I honestly wish we would have just gone to the Cheesecake Factory!
2	Let's start off that in Caesar's Palace, there is no shortage of food options. Fine dining is as commonplace as a tourist with a spiked neon slushie in a foot-long container. That said... When we chose to eat at Gordon Ramsay's Pub and Grill, it was calculated. We were all enthusiastic to eat at this scary, yet reputable chef's restaurant.But all went awry when 45 minutes after placing our order, our party was awaiting the APPETIZER.  And the most puzzling part was that the restaurant was damn near EMPTY at the time we ate. Where the dag nabbit was Ramsay with his inappropriate and oft mal-placed British curses and wrinkled forehead to scare the bejesus out of these chefs for a hustle on our order? 45 minutes on a meal in Vegas? You know what I missed? I missed the taxi cab that was going to take me to MGM to see Calvin Harris. Or... I might have missed the end results of the poker tournament at Rio. Or... At least 2 drinks with my cousins from out of  town.  In other words, time is money and in Vegas, time and money is currency. Ramsay, you have a 3-star pub and grill. And your name brought us despite the mediocre reviews. I still have a homoerotic man-crush on you, but the service  needs a firm kick in the pants.
3	A-OK, just like the rating is meant for.  Nothing special for what you're about to pay here.  It's not bad food either but it's just A-OK
1	Wow!!  This place has gone down hill!  The pretzels and cheese that used to be free are now $10 for three pretzel sticks. When we asked the server, Tayler, why they are now charging for bread he said " we are trying to run a business and people would come in, eat the free bread sticks and then leave".  I stated maybe they should give the bread after the order is put in. He stated "you know our rent is $250,000 per month".  My thought, you can't argue with stupid. They also removed the truffled fingerling potatoes, that was my favorite, from the menu. We ordered fish and chips and sliders. The fish and Chips were $30 and are only average. When some of us were done with our subpar meal the bus boy began removing plates and reaching right over my plate as I was still attempting to eat. I suggested to him that maybe he should wait until we are all done.   Tayler, in all his brilliance, decided to come over and tell us that the bus boy was the best they had, blah,blah, blah. In a nutshell Gordon Ramsay needs to bring kitchen nightmares in to his own place and Tayler, you need to learn that the customer is always right and to shut your stupid mouth.  Skip this place Vegas is full of top notch restaurants fantastic food and stellar service.
3	On the whole, this place is about 3 stars... the fish and chips however are 5 stars!   I got the fish and chips which were AMAZING.  The batter was perfect and the fish was fried perfectly.   The fries were medium sized and also delicious.We also got the scotch egg, bangers and mash, and sheperds pie at our table.  All of which were average (3 stars).Their beer selection is actually pretty weak although they did have Innis and Gunn on tap which is an amazing beer.   This being Vegas,  there are much cheaper places to drink so I would suggest just getting the 1 beer to go with your meal.   Prices were 9-13 dollars for largely mainstream and uninteresting beers.
5	Upscale British pub food! Great drinks! Bartenders are always fun!
3	For a casino restaurant, the place is pretty good. Definitely A-OK. In fact it was surprisingly good because I actually expected it to suck. I ordered the trio sampler of pies that included a chicken pot pie, steak and pie, and shepherd's pie. They were well-cooked, ingredients were of good quality, and was wonderfully seasoned. I don't know why most restaurants underseasoned their food, but it was the perfect amount of salt here. Unfortunately the prices were INSANELY high and I felt so bad for the wait staff. Their uniform is a cheezy body tube houndstooth patterned dress with some pleather bustier thing. Weird.
4	Wow! I'm so glad I came here, everything I tried was wonderful. The filet mignon was melt in your mouth heaven, my ceasar salad was dressed perfectly and was more on the vinegary side which I liked. The sticky toffee pudding and apple crumble aren't to be missed no matter how full you are. Gordon Ramsay is pretty amazing!
3	This place is lively and full of energy. Service was good. They always checked up on you. The mini pub burgers were awesome according to my son. The roasted tomato soup was good according to my daughter. My wife loved the fish and chips. The lobster mac n cheese was disappointing. It was dry and was not worth $25 for a side. The red wine short ribs were also disappointing. It did not have much flavor (kind of bland) Overall, my family loved it, but i did not.
3	Did not reach my expection. Since this is a grill own by Gordon Ramsay.Kidna Disappionted.Especially the scotch egg, curry chicken.They are really.just o-Kay...Probaby won't go there anymore.
4	Much better  than burgr in my opinion. The shepherds pie was pretty good- lots of meat and the mashed potato topping was yummy. The pretzels, which used to be free, go perfect with the beers. And the cheese sauce was delicious. The sticky toffee pudding was super good! Seriously. Delicious.
5	So my boyfriend and I came here for my birthday ; I have been wanted to try this place since it has opened big fan of Gordon watch him in Hell's Kitchen so I couldn't imagine so where better to celebrate my birthday. Daisy was my server she is so sweet knows the menu very well and suggested great items I didn't even really have to look at the menu I had some fruity cocktail it was very refreshing and her server asst. helped by cleaning items off table and refilling our waters. I got the ribeye medium it was so good ! I ate all it's served with potatoes and my boyfriend had the chicken pot pie chicken was very juicy and gravy was top notch! She suggested the sticky toffee to top it all off it's the best dessert I have ever had I still dream about it served with a vanilla ice cream. I will be back !!!! Thank you daisy for making my birthday special
3	We were seated right away.  The hostess was friendly and our server was very attentive.  The decor was cool.  The kids and I liked the dog photos on the back of some of the chairs.  It reminded us of our own dog and we were missing her.  The food was good, but I wasn't anything to rave about.  The variety of food, to me, was like what you can order at BJ's Brewery.  Same type of food, but more expensive.  I don't think we would return to this restaurant if we were in this hotel.  There was a quick food court right next door that had a variety of good looking food and less expensive.
3	It was awful trying to find a decent lunch spot for the July 4th weekend at Caesar's. Bacchanal had a nearly 90 minute wait for a $53 brunch and we were denied at Mesa Grill because they had a dress code for lunch (screw you Flay). Our fallback was the more casual Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill.Anything with Ramsay's namesake should scream quality and consistency, but most of the plates fell short of expectations. We started off with the little piggy deviled eggs, which were presented with the yolk separated for self-serving. From there, I went with the shepherd's pie, which came lukewarm. The mashed potatoes had an unpleasant texture and I didn't get much of the cheddar cheese. The ground lamb and peas had no distinguishing flavor. The steak & ale pot pie came off as salty, but at least I enjoyed the crust. The sides we tried included the truffle fries and the lobster mac & cheese. The fries were far too similar to the regular fries and didn't have enough truffle oil. The lobster mac & cheese was worse than the Kraft blue box. While there was a generous helping of lobster meat, the mac & cheese itself was very watery and no crispy crust. We declined the popular sticky toffee pudding for next time.Our waitress was great and sold us on their imported beer menu. Her entertaining small talk was probably the highlight of our meal.
1	Terrible service, terrible food! Terrible service, terrible food! Terrible service, terrible food! Terrible service, terrible food! Did I say Terrible service, terrible food? Yes skip this restaurant!!!
5	This place was great! We ordered the burger sliders and the pie sampler. If I go back I'll be getting the Sheppards pie... Out of the three samplers that one was everyone's favorite and it was soooooo good! The burgers were good and cooked perfectly. The mojitos were very refreshing too!
5	Just finished my meal here and I have to say it was pretty good. I ordered mashed potatoes and ended up getting French fries but the fries were so good I'm actually glad it happened. I ordered the beef burger and it was what you'd expect a burger to be. A little too pink for my liking in the middle so I just didn't eat the inside. Over all I would come back to this restaurant or others like it.
1	Poor service, bad menu, and worse food. It's no wonder the UK is not known for their food. A disappointing dinner experience. Never again!
1	High expectations, sadly disappointing. After an hour of waiting for our meal, we flagged down our waiter and inquired as to how much longer until service. He had no immediate answer and appeared to be indifferent.  When our meal was finally delivered, mine was cold and dry. A second attempt did not fair much better. My money and time would have been better spent at the food court. Gordon Ramsey has a brand, and that brand was not represented well. We got our table at 9 pm and did not finish until 1 am. It is a waist of money and time,
1	Was looking for something a little different and thought that we would try Gordon Ramsay's Pub & Grill.  The hostess was more interested in talking with her friend than paying attention to customers. Was told there was a 2 hour wait for food and thought that was weird as the place was barely half full. Said we just wanted drinks and was told go ahead and grab a table.  The floors were dirty with food debris and the tables weren't much better.  We found a table across from the bar and was told by a waitress that we can't sit here we need to shown to a table by the hostess. Tried to explain that the hostess had said we could come in and get a table was told that we had to leave and have the hostess show us to a table. We looked around the Pub to see what was on tap and decided that there wasn't anything that I couldn't get at a liquor store. Based on the rudeness of the waitress and the filth would never ever go back. Maybe this placed should be featured on Kitchen Nightmares?Michael A.
5	If I could eat here every day, I would. I don't care that it's expensive. Everything was delicious. The food came out in record time, and I nearly stuffed myself as the waiter talked me OUT of dessert (he told me, "you really don't HAVE to." But, no, I do...)The deviled eggs appetizer was one of the best things I've eaten. Like, ever. The Ramsay Tonic was yummy and refreshing. I ordered the Fish and Chips because I felt like I just *had* to, and they didn't disappoint. Everything was delicious. I loved the ambiance, the over-sized chairs and high tables, and pretty much everything about this place. Just go.
3	well taking the rents out to dinner however there was a few things that went wrong. The beet salad -- I ended up biting down on something hard that almost chipped my tooth see picture -- it was either a hard pine nut or something however not roasted nor edible I thought I was eating something other then a salad. Also the ridicule salad part ( mix with arugula ) was very sandy or harder then normal. However the beet part and the goat cheese part along with the dressing was nice. The order was beer battered fish -- cough 29.00$ I shure Gordon you don't offer that price in your England restaurants. was good My dad got a medium temp burger that was done on the rarer side - witch put him off . however ingredients mixed nicely. Mine well -- ( ale pie ) the filling was amazing however I was thinking it would be more like the shepherds pie with piped mashed potatoes like Gordon Ramsey always to have tips on his other then his hair lol. But the filling aspect was great however the mashed made it feel more like a meat chicken pot pie taste .. ( dont get me wrong it was good I am not shure the topping is wright. ) Spotted dc ( yes I abbreviated it ) lol . was great -- I know they stress on that. Overall 3 meals a little confusion with seating etc. -- Also we where set back in the part with tvs for the game -- Witch was blaring -- I am 30 not old - couldn't even hear our server I would be willing to give it another review at a latter date - due to fact I love hells kitchen. but will be back since I am a local know well obiv with over 80 something reviews in las vegas.
5	Love this place. The food is delicious, drinks are amazing, and dessert did not disappoint. Ask to sit in Scott's section. He has been my waiter every time I have gone and I have nothing but praise for his wonderful and friendly service.
4	Crazy busy but the staff handled it well. Great service and cold beer. I had a really good lamb burger. Wish I had time to go back for the steak & ale pie. The triple layer trifle was really good too. Next time we are in Vegas we will go back.
5	The best British food I've had with tons of flavour and exciting dishes. Seriously the pate board was to die for, along with the spilt pea soup.
2	Well, I have a candidate for Kitchen Nightmares next show. Here. Yes, here.  Went for Sunday dinner on Fathers Day.  We were seated right away.  However, that is where it all went wrong. Waiting over an hour for salads is unacceptable. Getting bloody chicken wings a half hour after the salads is not cool.  Waiting another 45 minutes for the main courses is not ideal either. So, after a 3 hour meal that was horrendously expensive for pub food, we thankfully got out of there. Servers were either rude or unavailable, which is understandable as they probably were embarrassed by the food times.  Too many other places to go in Vegas to give this another try.
5	Get the lamb burger!  It's so juicy and flavorful and yummmm.  I wish every burger place in the world has something like it.  The fries were decent and the gourmet ketchup served along with it was pretty tasty.  They also had $1 mimosa refills when I came here.  Great service.  I would definitely come again.
2	3.5 stars for the food4 for ambience/decor2 for the service!Long story short, you can count on less than one finger on the number of times our server came to our table after taking our order--ZERO!  Not sure if a rude server coming frequently with a bad attitude would've been better lol.But that's ok, didn't want to let him ruin our first meal deal after landing.  Since GR steakhouse and burgers were either sold out from Opentable or too late of a time, this was the next best thing, and I had to get my celebrity chef itch out of the way.The good:prime rib: super tender, big chunk, maybe even 16-18 ounces, and not too fatty either.  Yorkshire i've had bettermashed potatoes: ordered another full serving.the average:server said the fish and chips were popular, I've had better.Staying with the server, the bus boy gave us better service, thus he deserved the 15% tip instead, which we gladly gave cash when we left lol.  Our server barely deserved his 5%!P.S.  took him 10min to get our bill, while he was setting up 2 tables around us....
5	I happened to walk by and see they had my favorite beer on tap (Innis and Gunn), so I sat down for a late lunch. I wasn't expecting much, as previous reviews have been mixed, but the Scotch Egg was phenomenal! It was so good that I stopped back in that night to have another pint of Innis and a scotch egg before my red eye flight out. Service was great, sliders were great, beer list is great. A great casual restaurant, through and through.
3	I've been a fan of Ramsay's UK restaurants for years, but many of his other ventures appear to be in name only. His BRGR at Planet Hollywood is overpriced burgers. This "authentic pub" (hardly) had good food, but not great, and certainly without the flair and twist of Mr. Ramsay's usual cuisine. The charcuterie was good and the burgers tasty, but nothing special. If you're going to eat here, try the scallops. That dish was truly sublime. Atmosphere-wise, the place is open to the highly trafficked casino near the entrance to the Forum Shops, so there's no feeling of being anywhere special either. Service was unattentive and spotty.
2	Probably the best British pub food around (and I've been to the UK before) but service is horrific and it's stupidly expensive. Had sliders, French onion soup, chicken pot pie, and fish and chips. Service was slow, entrees came out right after apps, ordered a beer during dinner which came out with the check, etc.
4	Lovey food here and not as busy as Gordon Ramsay's burger joint. The fish and chips are fantastic and I highly recommend them. The steak ale mini pie was better then the larger version. Salmon was good, but not my favorite.
5	Had a dinner date here & it was one of the highlights of our trip to Vegas last week--it helps that we already love both pub food and British fare in general.Briefly: The shepherd's pie was excellent, and my wife devoured her lamb burger with much love. We think the real highlights were the starters and desserts, though; the "Pub Spots" (sliders) were phenomenal, and we think well worth the price. We ordered 3 desserts to share (though it turned out to be too much by that point in the meal, and we left a little at the table) and while all were bliss-worthy treats, the sticky toffee pudding was the standout favorite (and the only one entirely finished).A bit pricey, but more affordable for us than, say, Gordon Ramsay Steak and (we think) worth it. The service we received (it was relatively early; we arrived around 5:30PM for dinner) was excellent, and we never felt we were waiting long for anything--and there was always someone to hand to take a plate or refill a drink or whatever was needed. After watching Ramsay on TV for a few years, it was nice to be able to see that he really does run (or at least put his name on) well-run restaurants with great food and service. We probably won't return, but it'll be because we've saved up for Steak, next time we want to do Ramsay in Vegas!
2	Eh, I would expect more from GR's restaurant considering how much he rants and raves about quality on his shows. We had the Bangers n Mash and Fish n Chips. Both were medium quality to be equated to any "English Pub" that reuses their oil for frying. After dinner we ordered coffee (to which no menu was offered) and dessert. The coffee came out 7min before the dessert and was luke warm at best. We had to cancel the dessert due to the bitter taste the coffee left on our pallets. Again, I expected much more from GR's establishment.
3	A friend and I looked forward to checking out and eating at GR Pub & Grill, so we hightailed it there. The decor def fit with the theme of the restaurant. Comfy seating, and kind waitstaff. Now here is where it gets tricky...I asked what their signature dish was and our waitress swore by the fish & chips. My friend ordered that, with the mini pot pies. I ordered chicken Marsala (Brits are known for their Indian food right?), and some lemon shrimp cocktail.  Sorry, the Jasmine rice had hair in it, was obviously old, dried out...the chicken was ok. The only thing lemony about the shrimp was the cut up lemons on the side, nothing special, rather blah. The fish and chips weren't anything to rave about either. His mini pies were supposed to be lamb, chicken, and beef. No chicken came, but he stated it was pretty good. Will I go back? No. Would I recommend a friend? NoAfter paying for the meal, the waitress kind of left us hanging, as we had to ask another person to get us more drinks. I don't think Gordon Ramsey would be too pleased, not judging by his television shows. Maybe he better come to Vegas and manage his own businesses!
3	I was so excited to try a celebrity restaurant. This was probably not the best choice.  It was good, but it wasn't the great I was expecting. I am the biggest Gordon Ramsay fan do that was a bummer. I got the Mac n cheese with duck fat croutons and the sliders. For the price,  I wouldn't go bad.  Again, bummer!
1	Awful. I was shocked. Long wait and sub par food at the very best. I wish I had taken a picture of our food... Chicken Caesar salad was the most pitiful thing I've ever seen... smh
1	We were so extremely skeptical after last years disappointment at Gordon Ramsey's burger bar but everyone kept insisting that his restaurants are great. So.. For our last night in Vegas we decided to try here.After a 15 minute wait we were seated and ordered from our lovely server Jennifer. We ordered the mini burgers (6/10) and lollipop chicken for starters. They both came out super quick (within a few minutes) and while the burgers were ok the bone on my chicken was a bit cold which was strange.. I should have taken that as a hint as I bit into my chicken and realised it had a bloody raw taste and when i spat it out.. I looked down to discover that it was indeed raw.. My poor partner had eaten 3 pieces and thought they tasted weird but did not want to spit them out and after looking over at my raw chicken leg, he really wished he had..Another server brought our mains over in record time also and we showed him the raw chicken for which he was immediately apologetic and said he would speak to the chef and manager.Our mains we had the New York Strip Steak (7/10) and the Lamb stew shepherds pie. (7/10) Both were good but it was quite difficult to truly enjoy our meals after being so worried eating raw chicken.. I could not wash that taste out of mouth no matter how many gulps of red wine I had! The server returned to inform us that the chicken would be removed from our bill (I think this is the least they could do because most likely.. We will both be sick on our 14 hour flight back to australia) and apologised once again.Dessert was the sticky toffee pudding (8/10) and the salted caramel sundae (8/10). Both were delicious.Unfortunately it was pretty difficult to recover from serving us raw chicken lollipops. The both of us including 2 pints of cider and a 250ml Pinot noir was $140 plus tips. So will we be coming back? No.. That's a 2/2 fail rate for Gordon Ramsay's restaurant... Such a shame.
1	Very disappointing! Went with the fam for dinner. We ordered the crispy calamari and chicken wing pops for starters. The calamari was far from crispy but rather soggy the batter didn't even stick it mushed up. The chicken wings were bland and cold, i had one that was undercooked.For main course we tried the shepherds pie, sliders and fish and chips.It didn't get better, the pie was drenched in oil and the sliders were dry.Fish and chips were good great fries.The services wasn't the best either, took our server 15 mins to take our order and we had to hunt her down for 20 mins to get our bill.. Expected way better from a chef like Ramsey.
4	We enjoyed this restaurant very much and actually ate there twice during our recent visit to Las Vegas. We found the staff to be fantastic and the service was great.  The scallops were fantastic and the fish and chips were good (but nothing to write home about and it was recommended by waiter).  I would recommend this place and the atmosphere is fun, like a neighborhood pub.   We're Gordon Ramsey fans and we're not disappointed.
2	The food was just OK. I had a pulled pork sandwich (it is a cold sandwich), and the bacon on it was cold and just tasted like grisly left overs.  It was bereft of seasoning, too. Our food came out fast however it was challenging getting the staff to provide a refill (it wasn't busy at the time).With all the choices here in Las Vegas, I would not recommend!
3	So here is the real deal review of Mr Ramseys place. First let me tell you in was excited to eat here as I am a fan of Chef Ramseys attention to detail and search for excellence.  So I was expecting great things. The calamari was light and tasty nice seasoning and sauces were good. We were off to a good start. For a main course I had the new York strip. I ordered it medium and it came medium well. Still it was very good and the sauce was nice. The potatoes that came with it were cold and not seasoned. The other veggies on the plate cold. I tried the chicken pot pie and it was not bad not great. Dessert was a sundae. Waiter didn't recommend anything. It was average sundae nothing special. I think the place is not bad not great better than an average pub but not what I would have expected from someone so demanding of excellence.
4	Bring back Pretzels with that amazing cheese dip!!!!! that's all i have to say
4	Gordon Ramsay's Pub is a nice restaurant for a lunch or a quick meal. We ordered the shrimp cocktail (chopped up shrimp that was marinated in lemon mixed with cocktail sauce), warm salty pretzels with queso dip and horseradish dip and the BLT with Pulled Pork. The pulled pork is the consistency of chicken salad not pulled BBQ pork. Overall, the good was good but the process were a little more than they should have been.
4	Great service and yummy food. I have never known a bar to mess up on a Black and Tan beer TWICE so that was a little disappointing. Good wine selection and are great at pairing with your meal. The rosemary buns make the burgers and sandwiches and the Sticky Toffee Pudding is top notch! One of the few places on the strip that didn't make me feel like shit after eating here. I'll definitely be adding this to the list of places I have to go every time I'm in Vegas.
5	Not sure what the gripping is about. We went there on a recent trip to Vegas and LOVED IT!We started with the pretzels and cheese and they were really good!I ordered the Chicken Pot pie and OH MY GOODNESS! Flakey and not overcooked. The gravy was perfect. The veggies and chicken were moist and perfectly made. The wine selection offered was perfect. My hubby had the burger and really enjoyed it with homemade chips. I would go back in a minute! Did not disappoint.
3	Eating at a Gordon Ramsey restaurant was on my bucket list... my overall impression was only meh!  Don't get me wrong... The food, service,  and decor were all excellent.  But... considering this particular restaurant was just standard pub fare it just wasn't worth the prices. If you're going to pay this much for the Gordon Ramsey experience you're better off going to one of his nicer steak houses.That being said..  The food was really good!  We got the deviled eggs and the warm pretzel snacks. Then the mini pie starter. I had the fish and chips. And our table shared the sticky toffee pudding for dessert.  Everything we tried was delicious just expensive.  For a table of 3... With 3 beers, 2 snacks,  1 appetizer,  3 entrees and one dessert. .. total bill was $178. Could have been worse I guess
4	Had a late night reservation, was seated immediately.  Unfortunately they sat us next to the service station and at one point one of the bus people tried to carry too much away and dropped glasses by us.  Would have been ok had the woman not stand there and start stomping her feet like a 5 year old.Drinks were delicious.  I had the fish & chips, they were good.  Friend had the pie sampler (realllllly small samples) and had a very wet Caesar Salad.  Drinks were wonderful though.
1	Anyone break their tooth eating the beet salad? I was there before the Shania Twain concert and ordered the beet salad that took well over 30 minutes to receive and we sat at the bar for faster service. On my second bite, I bit down on something very hard and realized something went very wrong in my mouth. The waiter, Adam, just happened to be looking at me and asking how was our food. I'm shaking by head NO and pulling the salad out of my mouth to see what was in it and found a very hard object like a rock. Then, I realized it had also broken my molar and ran to the bathroom to see the damage. It was so dark, I couldn't tell but touched the area with my finger and the nerve was exposed and sent me a zap through my body with pain. They called the EMT to write up the incident report, but by now the concert was starting in 5 minutes. We ran to the concert with my mouth in pain and came back to the Pub & Grill after the concert to meet with the EMT again to fill out the paperwork. Even the manager said, it was chewing on a rock and we also found many more smaller pieces in the salad. I had to wait until the next morning to get emergency dental care and found out I would need a crown after the temporary fix in Vegas. I ended up in bed all day with a headache, ruined vacation, missed event, and alot of pain, novocaine, and drilling...no fun!  Long story short, I was supposed to hear from Caesar's within 3 days...never happened! I called them to find out it had been passed on to CCMSI, a law firm who takes care of their injury claims. I was told they mailed me a letter...never got it. I was told they emailed me...never got it until I called again. They never ever asked me for any information or details of the incidence except the simple form of what happened that night and my 2 dental bills. The manager had indicated to keep track of my auto expenses to and from dentist...they had no idea and never asked how much this affected my life. After not hearing from them again for weeks, I kept calling. Finally, two weeks ago the assistant got back on the phone and informed me the supervisor decided they were not honoring the claim because they didn't consider the nut shell or whatever it was to be a "foreign object." I was shocked!!! All I could think of was if Gordon Ramsay was filming a Hell's Kitchen episode and during the tasting time of judging personally ate the "foreign object", broke his tooth off, and swallowed a piece of his molar, would that be acceptable? I've also reached out to his company in London to NO AVAIL with an email to his press department and a message to his facebook page. They have no other email for coorespondence, except to call a London phone number.  After I called Caesar's again to let them know CCMSI had denied the claim, they offered to just pay my two dental bills for my broken tooth. Really? How about the  lost 4 days of my life, lost work, lost vacation, novocaine-drilling-crown for the rest of my life, auto expenses, not to mention all the pain and time it's taken to deal with CCMSI who has not represented Caesar's well at all. Here's the icing on the cake...there's another review in July, 5 weeks after my incident, with the same report of a shell or foreign object in the beet salad at Pub & Grill and he thought it cracked his tooth, but didn't. He even posted a pic with his review of the "foreign object". You would have thought the rock-like nutshell or whatever it is, would have been taken care of when it happened to me in such a big way. Obviously it hasn't. Now I'm talking with an attorney to get this resolved and I'm not a sue-happy person. Please message me if you've had a similar experience. Gordon, as a business owner also, if you don't know about this, you should! Your name, personal reputation, Hell's Kitchen, and Food Network's reputation is on the line!! This was my experience from Hell and I wasn't even in the Kitchen!!!
5	Had the beef and vegetable pot pie and spotted dic for dessert. It was so amazing. I would eat here every day If I could!!!
2	So my husband and I were on a date here the night before he deployed to Afghanistan. We were really excited as we've been fans of Gordon Ramsey for quite some time. There was a 30 minute wait (no problem) and actually built the anticipation. Somewhere with this kind of wait MUST be awesome. We were texted when our seat was available. The decor was nice and the uniforms were fun. We ordered the Roasted Tomato soup and Truffle fries. The Tomato Soup was great, not quite as good as we just had in London, but thats okay. Truffle fries were great. We also ordered a mixed beverage with Bourbon and a glass of wine. Mixed drink was really tasty. Because the appetizers were so good, we were even more excited for our entrees. We ordered The NY Strip and the Scottish Salmon. What a disappointment. The NY Strip was medium-medium well when we ordered medium rare. It was INCREDIBLY chewy. We've had better steaks at chain steakhouses (no exaggeration). And the sides: the asparagus was so overcooked it was actually mushy and there were just a few tiny potatoes. The salmon came with lentils and was SO SO SO bland. Like SO bland. Our water was never refilled and when my husband got his steak, the did not bring a steak knife and had to get up himself to go find one after waiting quite a while for someone to bring one. Overall, I was so disappointed and feel like I wasted my last night with my husband at a subpar establishment. We would have gotten better food from a Macaroni Grill. With a name like Gordon Ramsay plastered on the front of the menu, you expect to leave with a smile on your face.OH! And we were sitting in front of a tv that was playing a show where surgery was taking place. Nothing better than chewing on bland salmon and looking at a human organ in a plastic bag on a 60 inch tv. Excellent.
4	WE enjoyed our lunch. WE had a Beet salad and chicken salad sandwich. Food was fresh and the salad was great. Wish there would have been a but more goat cheese on the salad. IT was so creamy and good. Prices were a but steep for what you get, but my guess it is all because of Gordon's name. I love him so I will be back. :)
5	I am a big fan of Gordon Ramsey's.   I wasn't aware he had a number of restaruants in Vegas.  My boyfriend and I had lunch there.  He had the split pea soup which he loves that particular soup and he said it was  fantastic.  his only criticism was he would have preferred to have it with more peas.  It was a smooth creamy soup.  That's just him, he likes it more chunky.    I had the clams and mussel  in their shells.   As main courses he had the Double Double  burger.   The burger was cooked perfectly and was juicy and delicious.   I had the Shepard's Pie. It was flavorful and scrumptious.  Everything was reasonably priced for Las Vegas.   I highly recommend eating here.  It's located in Cesear's Palace.
5	I have elevated my experience to a 5 star. First experience was ok but it could have been better. Tonight their service was on point. We had calamari again which is pretty tasty. I sampled a Sam Adams beer and a sassy blue sky mixed drink. I had the BLT ( best ever!) my daughter had the tomato soup (souper yum) my mom had the split pea (creamy and meaty), my dad had the scallops which he enjoyed and my husband went with the steak and ale pie which was also a thumbs up! Decor is still very pleasant. We were introduced to the head chef who is obviously very passionate about his work. The atmosphere was bustling but we were well taken care of and had a very nice experience.
5	Great dinner! Made reservations for a late dinner and we were seated promptly. We both started with the onion soup which was the best we both have ever had. My wife had the fish and chips which she said were also the best she ever had, I had the beef burger, which was delicious and much better than the burger we had at his burgur restaurant at planet hollywood. Food is not cheap so be prepared but it's a celebrity chef so expect to pay for the name in front.
3	Ate here twice over the last weekend, the second time with a group of friends. On the first visit I had the Ramsay's Tonic (a decent drink, but a hefty $15 price tag), and the Shepherds Pie. The Shepherds pie was delicious. For the second meal a friend and I shared the meat plate, which was pretty tasty, just enough for a two person appetizer. I had the bangers and mash, and he had the chicken. The bangers and mash were ok, the gravy was pretty delicious, and fortunately not over-salted. My friend liked the Chicken but didn't finish it. Several other friends showed up and all had the NY steak, which none of them were particularly fond of. My friend and I had two drinks each, the meat plate, and the two entrees. The total was $141.00...OUCH.Service was decent both times, but the food is just too expensive to justify eating here. It just wasn't that good. If I'm in Caesars again I'll be eating at MESA for these prices.
5	The food was delicious and the service was impeccable. Gordon is so judgmental on all of his shows, which is why I wanted to go and see for myself if he backs up what he preaches. He absolutely does. The decor was great, the staff was very friendly, the cocktail was amazing, and the food was cooked to perfection.
1	I never use this account to leave reviews, but this was just SO BAD. I love Gordon and all his shows, so this was a major disappointment. As we were walking in, we heard a couple sending their food back. My family and I should've taken the hint and left right then.They don't give you any bread, which for the price of basically $30 a plate I expected some. I got the salmon cooked "medium", but when it came, it was not only half the size of my palm but it was also raw. I felt like I was eating sushi. Not worth the price tag at all. My mom got a hamburger cooked "well done", but when it came, it was bloody and raw. When she sent it back, it came seared on the outside with the inside exactly the same. It was still raw and bloody. She sent it back a second time and told them not to bring it back. My brother got the scallops that were so flavorless he named it the worst he ever had. My dad's chicken was okay, but the mash potatoes he paid 11+ for were completely flavorless. The only halfway decent thing I had was some French fries that were supposed to be truffle fries but only had salt on them..... Couldn't properly enjoy them though because both my and my mothers ketchup had strange black pieces of god knows what in them.Honestly save your money and go to mcdonalds if you want some fries.
1	This place is very expensive at practicaly 30$ a plate. I ordered the scallops which had no flavor. The portions were small. I ordered a side salad with my meal which would have been alright if they wouldnt have drenched it in lemon juice which was pratically unedible. The service was horrible they left 2 dishes that my family had ordered in the kitchen until we told them they forgot our food. Im personally very dissapointed and personally would never return.
5	I recommend the salmon with fennel, asparagus, and mushroom, "Nicely seared with the right amount of crisp on the skin and well seasoned!" :-) cocktails here are great I had the Goodbye Blue Sky (I believe it was called that) cocktail....."Two!" Lol. The truffle fries are delicious and "WHATEVER" they give you in  that bread basket is delicious! :-) This restaurant is a "MUST TRY!"
3	The food was good, but it was outrageously expensive.  We ordered fish and chips (excellent), a hamburger (ordered medium, which was practically raw), soft pretzels (quite nice!) and bacon wrapped dates.  The food was good, but not really much better than what you would find at any brewpub across the country.  Certainly not worth what we paid, however, that could be a Vegas thing and not a Gordon Ramsay thing.
2	"As filming [Kitchen Nightmares] comes to a close on the latest series of Kitchen Nightmares I've decided to stop making the show," Ramsay wrote on his website. "I've had a phenomenal 10 years making 123 episodes, 12 seasons, shot across 2 continents, watched by tens of millions of people and sold to over 150 countries. It's been a blast but it's time to call it a day."DON'T STOP TOO SOON... you have one more restaurant to fix up... this one!Worst Gordon Ramsay experience we've ever had (and the first bad experience so maybe that's why I'm taking it so hard).1.  Our experience started as the hostess walked us through a reasonably open restaurant: past the "patio", past the bar, past the really nice booths, and all the way to the very back of the "family room"... where one might imagine the staff eats.  What's up with that; do we not fit your preferred demographic or is there some other reason why you did this to my family?  I'm curious; really.2.  Waitress seems to have trained at the local Denny's.  If you were here, Chef Ramsay you'd tell that 'fat cow" to EffOff.  Ordered drinks and food.  Food got delivered (shockingly fast), then the drinks.  Not relaxing at all.3.  Fish and chips... let's talk about this please.  I'm in no way qualified to tell you how to cook, but these fish and chips were fish and fries.  I've had plenty of fish and chips in the UK, both in pubs and from small shops... and once from a place so small they didn't even have electric refrigeration.  Really... fries pretending to be chips on a plate of fish and chips???  I've seen you rip people new a-holes for misrepresenting food like this.  Oh... and we never tasted the mushy peas.  The expeditor forgot them, the runner didn't notice that the expeditor forgot them, and the waitress... well she was out to pasture and didn't notice much of anything.4.  Shepard's Pie... let's chat some more.  Served "bare naked" it was a disappointing sight from the moment it landed on the table.  Mash was barely browned and no garnish at all.  No visual appeal and no olfactory appeal either.  As I ate all I could hear was you saying "season, season, season" as you prepare to send a MasterChef contestant home for serving bland food.  Whoever the donkey is that cooked my pie... please ask him to return the apron and leave.  Please.  And those straight-sided dishes sure did make eating the mince and veg a frustrating experience.5.  Manager was finally summoned.  I was unhappy.  He was polite and kind but had an "excuse" for almost everything.  Fries rather than chips: "you can order real chips on the appetizer menu" and when asked again "well, this is a Ramsay-twist; Las Vegas twist on a pub."  WTF does that mean... that you can call chips fries because we're not in the UK?  I think not.  He did the best he could to make things right and comp'd a couple of desserts to make up for the missing mushy peas.  But days later all I can remember is that we didn't have the kind of experience we should have had.6.  Oh, and let me not forget to mention... the table next to us was set for guests, but there were chips -- errr... fries, I mean -- on the floor, presumably from the last diner.  EVERYONE walked past them, over them, and past them again.  I had the pleasure of looking at squished fries on the floor as I ate my meal.  I know, I know it is my own fault: I looked (and looked again).  Manager verified that they were fries and not chips... then took 15 minutes to get them cleaned up.  But cleaned up they were... eventually.7.  Now that I've vented my spleen let me compliment a few things:  salmon was very good.  The fish on the fish-and-fries was good too.  Desserts were excellent.Please forgive me, Chef, for having such an attitude but it is you who inspire me and you who keeps bleating "standards"... and I totally agree.  Standards are everything and should be maintained at all times.  I only wish they were maintained for me during our visit to your PUB.
1	08/03/14- It was a girls trip to Vegas and I was more excited about our lunch at Gordon Ramsay's Pub & Grill than I was for most of the activities we had planed! Sadly our experience was no where near exciting. We ordered drinks and our 1st course, which was all incredible and, when our 2nd course was brought out, one of the persons bringing the food accidently knocked over one of our drinks. Sadly I got the brunt of it, because it spilled all over my pants, shirt and purse. They were quick to come and clean it up, and we asked to be moved to a different table, which they accommodated. No one apologized for this mishap and, we had to ask to have the drink replaced that was spilled; especially since it was barely drank. Strangely, our server even seemed surprised that we would ask to have our drink replaced?! We finished our meal and then came time for dessert. I wanted to have the sticky toffee pudding, but asked the server whether it had nuts in it because I have an extreme allergy, and she stated no it did not. I ordered it as well as ordered the warm pretzels to go so that I could enjoy them on my flight home. Sadly both the sticky toffee pudding and pretzels were both brought out in to go containers, which I was disappointed because presentation is everything; and slightly felt as if this the restaurants was of asking us to leave. I began eating the pudding and, after my second bite I found something that I wasn't sure if it was a nut or a pod of some sort. When the server came over to ask how my dessert was, she noticed that it was in a to go container and just laughed, but did nothing to rectify it. I asked her what the "thing" was that I found in my dessert? She said again that there weren't any nuts but she didn't know what it was that I had found, but would go and ask the chef and let me know. A few minutes later another server brought out a dessert for another person at the table and, I asked if there were nuts in the dessert and he stated yes he thought so, but would confirm. He came back a few minutes later and stated that yes there were nuts and, it was made in a facility with nuts. I asked him to take the dessert away as well as could he have the manager come and talk to us. I was confused by the statement "made in a facility with nuts"? Was this server telling me that this dessert wasn't made on the premises; was it frozen and just reheated on site? Isn't this something that ALL high end restaurants tout that you should NEVER do? Our server came back and told me that the other server was wrong and that there were no nuts, but she never told me what it was I found in my dessert. The manager never came by our table, but when the server brought our bill, she said she took off my dessert and the other dessert that was brought for one of our guests. While that was nice to have done, I didn't eat my dessert so of course it would have been taken off! As we were walking out of the restaurant I asked the hostess if the manager was even in house, since we had never seen him/her. She stated yes, but there were busy doing payroll, but she could get them if we REALLY needed to speak them.To say that I was disappointed with my visit was an understatement. While the food was very good, the experience was terrible. This was not a cheap meal so I would think there should be a standard to finer dining. Due to this reason I will not ever go back to this restaurant as well as not recommend it to anyone. I have seen Gordon Ramsay's show and thought he had a high standard for not only food, but experience and, if I were him I would be embarrassed to have my name on this restaurant.
4	4 stars mostly due to the cocktails and beer selection at this Pub. I am not sure if Chef Gordon realizes what he has going behind the bar but between Adam Rains (also the beverage editor of Las Vegas Food and Beverage Professional magazine) Adam O'Donnell (Voted best bartender in Vegas by Vegas Seven and Bols Bartending Academy) Raul Faria (Host and creator of Mixology Made Simple), Ray Ray, Gene and a few others, this "pub" has created a great cocktail program. While I have had the pleasure of being served by almost everyone above, I have had the most experience with Adam Rains including on this most recent trip.Adam is one of the most knowledgeable people I have ever met when it comes to cocktails and spirits in general AND food. I have a feeling that if he had chosen to be a chef he would have been as equally skilled as he is with spirits.He has a collection of house made infusions and bitters that he uses as tools to create some very unique, next level cocktails but can also make you one of the best classic cocktails you've ever tasted as well. I had one or two cocktails listed on the menu but I was entirely comfortable just asking Adam to shoot from the hip and make me something unique. Every cocktail was a success. I did have the "God Save the Queen" off the menu and it was pretty tasty, everything else was a Rains original I believe. I go here for the cocktails, the food is secondary to me but I have never had a bad experience. That being said, I have never had anything bad here, it's just everything seems so heavy. I know I know English Pub fare. I'm not flaming the food but we normally just get smaller plates throughout the course of the night at multiple restaurants and would like to see lighter options other than salad. They did  add a couple of lighter option since my last trip, the lobster roll being one of them. It was delicious, light, sweet, savory, one of the best lobster rolls I've had. We also had the wings which were wings and the pub sliders that were pretty good although we were sad to see that they changed the recipe for their deviled eggs though. The last incarnation were the best deviled eggs I've ever eaten. In the end, it's a great place to grab an early cocktail and a snack as they open at 11am and while I have never had anything truly amazing off the food menu it's definitely worth a stop if you want to try a Ramsay property without spending an arm and a leg or if you want to have an amazing cocktail.
5	The service was excellent as was the food.  The atmosphere was great as well. I would definitely recommend this place for friends or a couple. My friend and I were on a short timeline and they made sure we got out in time to see our show that we had booked. We definitely appreciated that.
1	No. Just, no. Some lowlights from our dinner tonight:1. Waited an hour for our food. 40 minutes in the waiter told us that he just checked on our order and they were waiting for the medium well burger to be done. Uh... what?2. Gluten free salad came with croutons. 3. Steak ordered medium, came out overdone. Not well done, OVERdone. 4. Medium burger came out dry and crumbly. 5. One apology for steak, no apology for anything else. Noone in our party of 7 believed that Chef Ramsay would tolerate any part of our meal or the experience. It was profoundly disappointing, and just, aggravating. Overpriced and underwhelming. Lobster mac and cheese was meh, scallops were fine but at $32 it might have been put on a plate with something other than the chowder/sauce that the pieces sat in. Even the $15 mocha martini fell flat... small and unimpressive. The description read far better than it tasted. Should have read the other reviews (including the poor lady who broke her molar on rocks from the beet salad?!?) and eaten ANYWHERE else.  Sad, just, sad.
3	"Meh" is the word of the day for Ramsay's Pub and Grill. As a beer lover, I was most excited about the beer offerings at Ramsay's Pub and Grill, which was supposed to have 36 beers on tap, and another 63 in bottles. I make a point to seek out new brews where ever I travel. The quantity of the beer selection at Ramsay's Pub was the sole reason my girlfriend and I made the trek for dinner that night. I was disappointed to find out that they do not have nearly this amount of beers for sale. They still have plenty (about 30-ish), but I was hoping to find something new, or perhaps a hard to find ale from when I used to live in London. If you visit hoping to drink some great craft brews, you will be let down. They stock the usual big brands, nothing special. Unless, of course, our server with-held some secret menu that contained the rest of the beers advertised on the website? I asked about this but was told everything they had was on the menu. :-(As for the food, it's Vegas prices. High prices, almost too high for what they offer. I had the Steak and Ale pie, which is a staple of hearty pub food in the UK. But at $24, I suppose I expected something more than the underwhelming pie I received. I didn't think I would have to spice up a Gordon Ramsay pie with HP sauce... I've had better from UK chains like Fuller's. My girlfriend had the fish and chips, which were good, but still very expensive ($28) for what it is. Again, I understand it's Vegas and prices are inflated, but it just seems like too much for the food they offer. They can advertise it as "elevated" pub food, but in the end it's still just pub food and doesn't justify a $75 bill for steak and ale pie, fish and chips, and two drinks (a full draft pint is anywhere from $9-$13). I originally gave it 2 stars because of high prices, generally underwhelming food, and missing beer. But, the food wasn't bad, just not worth the high prices. The place does, however, have a great vibe. Lots of fun, but I would reconsider dining here again. For the price, there are better options. In fact, hundreds of options! Maybe I'll just grab a brew or cocktail at the bar next time.
2	I would have gave this place 1 star had the Calamari not been decent but the Shepard's pie and the chicken pot pie were not anything special I've had frozen dinners with more flavor than what I got would not recommend this place to anyone
3	Hate to do this....I love Gordon Ramsay! - but.....The food here is mediocre. I have been on three occasions now with people visiting me from out of town. I kept giving it a chance, but was let down each time. Tried something different each time and just not up to the standard of his other 2 places here in Vegas. The Sheppard's Pie was even mediocre :( I would go there for a beer and chat with a bartender, but if I am looking to get a quick eat than I would rather go to Burgr.Sorry Gordon......
4	Sadly, no local beers, but the bartenders are local and they rock:  personable, attentive and engaging.  What also rocks here is the music selection: Smiths, REM, Ramones. I sat at the bar and had the chicken breast. It was simple, tasty, and exactly what I was looking for: something that emphasized the protein over superflurous carbs. I'll be back.
3	The bf and I are avid Gordon Ramsay show watchers. We came on our first night in Vegas because we couldn't decide where to eat and this sounded as good as anything. We were totally stoked on the complimentary pub cheese & pretzel sticks, which were filling and delish. I ordered the shepherds pie which was tasty and very hearty. He ordered the fish and chips which he seemed at least satisfied by. I think I really wanted to try the sticky toffee pudding but I was so full by the end of the shepherds pie that it was just not gonna happen. I don't necessarily know that I'd go back on my next trip to LV, but I wouldn't be opposed to it either.
5	Just finished lunch here.  Ate in restaurant side with tables.  Great service by Joe and outstanding fish and chips with the best mushy peas I have ever had.
1	I wanted to BE Gordon Ramsey....The meal we experienced would have invoked rage in the man himself had he been served such mediocre food. Starting with a Scotch Eggs ($9) - Eggs are plural, meaning more than one. We were served a sole lonely egg - just one. Appearance was nice, but there were more pickled vegetables than Scotch Egg. The egg itself, which is supposed to be soft boiled, was right on the edge of hard boiled. Sausage was bland and crumbly. The hit of the dish was the mustard, yes, the mustard. Main course:Mini Pie Sampling of All Three Pies ($21) - The menu was accurate with this description - they are definitely MINI. These "pies" are more like pie sliders. Barely a taste of each for what was supposed to be my main meal. The meats and vegetables inside were perfectly cubed, which made it look like those old Swanson turkey pot pies - taste was about the same.  I could not discern a noticeable taste difference between the three, so I can't label a favorite - all were below average. The pies come complete with a puzzle for your dining entertainment / frustration. Take note of the long wooden basket with the thick wooden dowel running the length over the pies. Trying to eat with a dowel running interference is brilliant if the point is to slow you down. Practical no, frustrating - yes. Why didn't I simply remove the pies do you ask? The server will warn you that the ramekins are blisteringly hot...Yorkshire Ale Batter Fish & Chips ($28) - My petite wife scored with the largest serving size of the day! There were several nice pieces of fish, which were flaky and cooked perfectly. However, having seen Ramsey's perfect fish & chips on TV, these would also have not made the pass. The batter was not crisp - soft and pliable would be a better description. The chips - try to find them in the photo... still looking? There are a smidgen tucked under the fish - under the fish, where they can steam and lose ALL crispiness. No crunch in the bunch. As Gordon would say, "Damn..."Ah-ha, there was malt vinegar in a little pour bottle on the table, love malt vinegar on fish & chips! Tipped the bottle and a tsunami of vinegar filled the basket, spilled over the edge and all over the table, stopping short of becoming sour perfume all over my wife lest it not for quick reflexes snapping the bottle back to attention. Desert....not a chance.Server...very animated and could tell loved his job, but once the food came, was absent until the check appeared. It seems like he was trying to cover one to many tables and a table of two obviously wasn't going to make him as much as the other larger tables that received lots of attention. If he had made the rounds during our meal, we certainly would have made our feelings regarding the food known.Highlights: Yes, there was one - I had a pint of the Innis & Gunn ($11) - quite pricey, but not available anywhere else in Vegas that I know of, so it was enjoyable.Overall, to sum up the meal and experience at Gordon Ramsey's Pub & Grill Las Vegas, no arm flailing or curse words although it may have made me feel better. I am simply at a loss...I think Gordon himself would sum it up all to well..."What a shame"
2	Went here last and have to say it was below expectations I think Gordon Ramsey would have. They sat us we ordered an appetizer they brought it out and started giving it to the table next to us. Then we ordered food and again the guy tried to give it to another table. Fish and chips were 30.00.. There was nothing special about it. Won't be back
5	The best ever!  Excellent service, great atmosphere and I love Caeser's Palace.  Food had a lot of flavor and salty (I like salt).  Gordon Ramsey came out and said hello.  He was nice to us (unlike how he is to his chefs on tv).  Got a beer and Bloody Mary.  Deviled eggs were quite "devilish"
3	This place offers good English pub comforts (bangers and mash, Shepard pie, etc) but the real draw here is the casual atmosphere, good beer and fun waiters. Our waiter (my brother from another mother, Christopher) was awesome and took very good care of us. Sadly, they no longer offer complimentary bread anymore. IMHO, it's good food but a little pricey. But then again, you're on the strip and inside ceasars so I guess it's to be expected.
2	My husband and I were so excited to try one of Gordon's restaurant!  We went in there with the utmost confidence that it would be awesome.  The food was okay if it were a dive pub. But the prices were insane and you can get food just as good in most pubs. Vegas has way too many good restaurants to waste your time here.
2	Really underwhelming. My husband's pot pie was a disappointment. My onion soup was marginal. We are unlikey to try it again.
5	We were a party of 9. Our large group was easily accommodated - we didn't have reservations. Our waitress was very good. We had the burgers (lamb & beef), blt, wedge salad and pretzel sticks. Everything was delicious! Prices were what you should expect for an upscale pub! I recommend it!
2	I was not impressed at all i think Mr. Ramsay needs to keep a better eye on his place.1st thing it took over 30 min for a waiter to come by for drink orders2nd I found a long hair in my food3rd THE RISOTTO WAS UNDER COOKED!!!the only thing that was good was the french onion soup
3	Food was ok, came here after a show and stopped by to get a bite of something. We had the fish and chips and the steak potpie.Small serving for the price.
5	We dined here this past Saturday. Our server was Taylor, who was great. We were unsure of what to eat and he took time to recommend what he thought was excellent choices for us. He was very attentive. Great service makes a meal for me. The food was excellent too. I will be back for sure. Highly recommended. Good drink selections too.
1	We had the restaurant week lunch with the braised short rib.  The French onion soup was pretty good, but the risotto was extremely undercooked.  It was so chewy that we couldn't eat it.  The undercooked onions also were not peeled.  There was a layer of skin that we had to spit out.  The short rib was larger than I expected and very tender, but also very bland.  The best thing on the plate was the carrots because I actually like raw carrots.This place is a shame to any chef's name.
3	My expectations were a bit higher than the quality of food that i had. Quick recap:Bacon Wrapped Date (2/5) - Two big let downs here. First of all the size and portions were super small. 4 super small pieces for an order that cost $9.  Second disappointment was in terms of flavor, it didn't wow me at all.  At other places I've gone this dish has been a hit and I think the missing ingredient is Goat Cheese.  It's not in it over here.Hot lollipop wings (3/5 rating) - Northing extraordinary at all.  Just average. Lollipop wings so smaller in size as i expected.Mini Lobster roll (4/5 rating) - This was my favorite part of my meal and I really enjoyed it. Plenty of Lobster and the quality of the roll was perfect.
5	I had the pleasure of having lunch at Gordon Ramsay the Pub & Grill. The food was amazing. I ordered the fish and chips. The cook on the fish was perfect and the chips were also perfect. I don't eat fried foods because most places don't use fresh oil or over cook the food. Not the case here. The flavors of the all the food from fish to the tarter sauce was amazing. The staff is awesome. I did have the pleasure of talking with Louie Maione the GM commending him on the food and service. What a great representative for the resturant. I highly recommend this place. Enjoy
2	I loved the idea of this place, I was stationed in England for a few years and love fish and chips. The three of us were greater by 5-6 hostesses that was a little awkward. All bored and chatting it up. We asked for a place next to the bar TVs however they seated us towards the back of the bar next to one TV. That was mildly frustrating as the place was dead for a labor day weekend at lunch rush. I'm guessing people are intimidated by the prices but we had cash to blow. When the waitress addressed us she apologized for the wait as it was 10 minutes into being seated, she said she was the only server and someone called in. This was sad Bc there was 5-6 hostesses and a manager in a suit watching this whole ordeal and not doing anything about it. I wanted him to approach us and ask about the experience but he skipped our table. Long story summed up, the craft cocktail (Mr Tokyo or something) was like a pink lemonade with egg white froth, not good but the waitress didn't explain what it entailed.. My friend loved the blt. Other friend loved the lamb burger. The fish and chips was the biggest let down. $30 bucks for HUGE chunks of cod.. They state how awesome the batter KS but with peices so large you miss out. Long story short, I'd rather fly to England for $1,000 bucks, take a 40 pound cab ride to Mildenhall Village and eat at the dog track than to recommend anyone eating here. I'm a Vegas local and I only write reviews if I love or hate a place. The two stars is Bc I like the mushy peas
5	Walked in and thought it was bloody boujie.    But boy was I wrong. They sat us in right away and I didnt even have to slip them a 20 to be first in line. There service was impeccable. We changed tables as many times as the color wheel from twister. The waitress gave us her recommendations and the lamb burger was to die for. The first bite I took was filled with creamy savory feta and carmalized onions that just make u think of being on vacation and remembering the first step u took out of the plane watching the sun set in the horizon. Yes it was like an oasis in my mouth accompanied by a savory but lean and juicy lamb patty that was perfectly spiced. The lamb was so delicious I had to buy the chef a shot of patron. Kudos chef ramsey. I was so stuffed that I couldn't make room for dessert. So I excused myself from the table and threw up in the restroom so i could have some of their world famous bread pudding.  I cant even begin to describe the bread pudding. Its consistency was more like a cake that crumbled as it touch my lips. The ice cream was light and whipped with crunchy peanut brittle that made me pause from reading shades of gray. Yes it was that good.  Chef ramsey left my loins on fire. Kudos!!!!
1	Our group of 6 wanted to try this place for the first time so tonight we went for dinner. Most of us were ordering a burger when were told that they did not have any, but the server did offer us lamb burger as a substitute...How can a restaurant such as this one not have any burgers left on Labor Day weekend?! We left the restaurant and will not be coming back!
3	I really wasn't too impressed. I didn't feel like the menu was very diverse, but even then - what we did order was just OK. I ordered the sliders with fries and the group I was with all tried other parts of the menu: salad, salmon, burger...Would I give it another chance? Maybe if a friend really wanted to try it, or there wasn't much else open. A visiting friend asked if they should try it recently and I suggested other places with more flavor and a better menu.
5	Service was great. The food was good as well. Had the burger, wife had the pesto chicken sandwich. Pub atmosphere reasonably priced for vegas.
2	Since I've eaten at pubs throughout England I was a bit disappointed.   Obviously,  you are only paying for ramseys name, because if this is how he cooks then he needs a new profession.  We ordered pretzel sticks, bangers n mash, and fish n chips.  I've fried fish that tasted better.  The fries were so limp they should be put down.
5	Tonight we had one of the best servers we've ever encountered. For you foodies out there, Julio knows how to pair food/beverages. A must for a great experience in LV.
2	Went for lunch... I've had better.With 300+ seats and 3+ turns per meal, it's a factory.
5	One of the better meals I've ever had in my life.  Came here as a large group for a fun dinner out. Server was awesome. He was outgoing and fun. Food was amazing. Everyone shared and we had a great time!!!Ordered the beer braised short rib and it did not disappoint. My friends were all jealous. Compliments to the chef who came out to check on us. He talked with us and asked how we liked the good. Props man!! We were greeted by the manager as well half way thru. All around a top notch establishment.
2	Was very excited to eat at a GR place since my whole family watches all his shows and I own several of his cookbooks. Ordered the burger medium it came out raw. However they didn't refire it. They gave a whole new burger. The fried calimari must have been baby squid as the ring size was infinitesimal and all breading. Then the fish for the fish and chips just didn't taste good at all. However the star was the 3 mini pies. Steak and ale, Shepards and chicken pot.
1	We went with 14 people and one of the burgers where raw inside and 2 of the people had to wait 24 minutes after we all got our meals and the food was ok. The bills came out and everything was wrong and it took over 1 hr for them to figure out and the overcharge was almost $100.00. I don't think Gordon would stand for this if he oversaw the restaurant he would tell his staff to get the f out... Very disappointing
4	We had dinner around 5 and we're able to catch the last of happy hour drinks. They were out of a couple tap beers but the food was excellent. The food did take awhile to come out but the woodburned chicken salad with shrimp was definitely work it. The avocado dressing was the shizzle. My boyfriend had the club and he wouldve liked it more if the toast was cooked a little less. It was so toasted that it was cutting the roof of his mouth.
1	When something has Gordon Ramsey's name on it you expect a well run restaurant, top notch service and excellent food. Unfortunately our entire group left disappointed on all 3 points. Here is where they failed....- seated late for our reservation (large group of 16)- staff could have been friendlier - The washrooms were gross (a reflection on what the kitchen looks like?)- the food was mediocre, disappointed and expected better!- one burger order came out raw- the waiter got the order wrong then tried to place blame on the 2 people which ordered- they had to wait 25 mins for the right order while the rest of us ate our food. The food came once everyone else was done eating.(was told it would be 7 mins)- was told bills could not be separated...they had to do a minimum of 4 cheques- despite our telling 3 servers how to separate the 4 bills at the start of our meal it didn't happen. We had to wait for an additional 30 mins for the bill to be separated...we also had to calculate taxes and gratuity ourselves. - the entire experience was a 3 hour ordeal which is much too long when u want to get out and experience Vegas!! The good points...- sticky toffee pudding!! - truffle fries
1	Service is awful. Food is so so. We waited 30 minutes for the food to arrive only after our server pointed out to us that we were at Gordon Ramsey spot and not Applebees or Denny's. Uh no shit! Meanwhile folks that sat down after us got their food before ours ever came to our table. We did not order anything complicated that it took 30 minutes to get to our table. The communication was poor from the server to us.
4	Pricy pub food that doesn't stand out from the rest besides their lobster roll appetizer and sticky toffee pudding which was amazing.
5	Five stars for the food and beer selection here.I like food, I like beer. Give me really good food with a really good beer spin that around with some really helpful service, and we are talking.  The secret to getting the best experience here is asking your server what are the specials and recommendations.  On multiple occasions, the server led me onto a tasty new adventure.  One of their highly recommended beers is the Scottish Innis and Gunn.  The server recommended this very crisp and refreshing ale to me.  It has become the centerpiece of what I am basing my dinner on.  Do not be afraid to ask them what they would pair your food with.  My servers on the occasions I have gone here, really sold the food choices by their descriptions.One evening, I tried the Shepard's Pie.  Very flavorful, very moist.  It is lamb based, rather than ground beef.  The potatoes on top were just so soft and melted in my mouth.Another one to try is the bacon cheeseburger.  Sounds simple enough, but that bacon is maple bacon...  The server told me that the bacon starts the day before.  It is cut up then soaked overnight in pure maple syrup.  It is then cooked with more syrup. I am telling you this right now, IT IS GOOD.  It is gooder than good. The chef that afternoon even came out to check on some tables.  I told him right there, "Best thing I ever put in my mouth."Service was top notch.  Friendly, knowledgable servers that know the menu and the beers available. Do not be afraid to use them to help you decide on your meal.  They know their stuff.
5	Vegas weekend! !! Had to come here being a fan of Ramsay...  I have to say drink choices are incredible... food even better took a little time to get here but soo worth it.... portions are small but delish ...  will be coming back
3	The service was horrible! The last time we spoke to our server was when he took our orders. He never came back to check up on us. And he wasn't busy at all running orders and checking on his tables because the times I did see him on the floor was when he'd bring the bill to his tables and serve them water. We were able to catch another waitress that was serving the table next to us to grab us more water and steak sauce, and she wasn't very pleasant. Our bill came out to $225. No gratuity. Sorry, not sorry.The food was OK. I ordered the prime rib. It could've used more seasoning. The restaurant was laid back. This was definitely not a place for kids.
3	Updated to a 3-star for the prompt response from the restaurant manager who promised to look into the service we received that night, extended his apologies, as well as an invitation to try them out again... I look forward to taking up on his offer when I'm in LV next.
2	Took my brother in law here for dinner because he is a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay. We made reservations, asked to be by the kitchen, and also mentioned it was a birthday dinner. They didn't relay any of that information when it came time to dine but at least they had our reservation on file. Service was awful during our visit. My brother in law ordered the Onion soup and they brought it out to him without a spoon. We had to flag down our waiter and ask for the spoon. They were also "conveniently" out of their house wine so we were forced to spend more money on wine with dinner. When it came time for the bill we had to wait about 10 minutes for him to bring it. If Gordon Ramsay knew how terrible the service was at this place he might make a visit and set them straight. At no point should the waiter tell me that $17 calamari is justified no matter the quality because we are in Caesars Palace. To be fair, the calamari was decent. I am only giving 2 stars because of the terrible service. The food was good, not great. I can get better at my local pub for a lot less money.
4	Great food! Loved the ribs and Mac n cheese lobster, Our drinks were a bit to strong if a little lighter I might have had two drinks instead of one. Overall I had a great time
5	The service was amazing! The bartenders are so nice. You need to get the truffle chips!!!!!!!!!!!
2	Food was good, only thing is that in our party of 7 they tried to charge us an automatic 18% gratuity when this is not stated on the menu. For most places is when you have an 8 group. Awful experience, even they called security.
5	AMAZINGLY good!  Service was excellent.  Atmosphere was very relaxing and staff was very knowledgeable.  Look forward to going back again.
3	Food was good but portions were small and expensive for what you got. $22 for a pot pie.  Thought it would be larger but about the same size as a frozen Swansons. Got five medium scallops and 3 out of the 5 clams had no clams in it. I know vegas is expensive but this was too much.
5	Ate there last night.  We just had Fried Calamari and burgers.  Calamari is crispy and tender and not overly breaded.  Burgers were delicious-- cooked perfectly with great toppings-- caramelized onions, crispy bacon, cheese sauce. The best was our lovely waitress Kim. If I ever went back I'd ask for her. Very personable, friendly, funny and attentive.
4	The restaurant is very nice inside*The staff was very courteous and attentive.I had the sirloin steak... Perfectly seasoned , quality beef flavor,awesome asparagus and mashed potatoes. The dish was excellent and all balanced out great.I tried the lollipop chicken drummets and they were great* nice bleu cheese sauce .The sticky toffee pudding was amazing as well. I sampled some beef sliders, and they were also very good
2	I have eaten at his steak house and it got great marks. His burger place is good. the pub sounds like a grand concept but it does not measure up. food is average at best and that is stretching it. The prices are over the top. 4 beers and appetizers at lunch and a bill of 140 at lunch for 2 people.... I seldom comment on price-- more than willing to pay for good food but this was not good while being over priced. Vegas ahs many better choices.
1	None of us enjoyed our meals.  I got a BLT.  I didn't think it was possible to ruin a BLT. It was not edible.  I'm pretty sure if someone served that to Gordon he would spit it out.  The service was almost as bad.
3	Underwhelmed.  Gave four dishes a try and all of them were mediocre. I had high hopes for thier famous fish and chips, but to my disappontment, it was nothing special.  I've had better elsewhere at 1/3 the cost.  Food was bland, beer was warm and portions were small.  I hate the feeling of spending good money and leaving the restaurnt hungry.  One saving grace for this place was the excellent service of the staff.  Our server was fast, attentive and addressed everyone at our table by our first names.  Impressive. Too bad I can't say the same for their food.  As Golden Ramsay says... 'Shame'
5	Amazing! We stopped in for some food and drinks while visiting Vegas on 9/5/14. Our server was very accommodating and suggested a cucumber wine spritzer that was out of this world. The lobster roll, sliders and clams were all delicious! The manager stopped to check on our table, we were so impressed with our service we told him he needs to get our server a raise. Awesome atmosphere, will be back for sure
2	I would not come back.  The prices were high for bar food and there were several misprints on the menu.  I expected more from Gordon Ramsey.  Food was average.  The one good thing was the devil eggs... If you find yourself there, get them!
4	Great Decor and the food was good.  They had all the College Games on their many TVs.  Our server was clearly working a section that was too big for her, but other than that things were fine.
1	Nightmare happy hour25 popcorn cold for $5Bacon wrapped datesa ???? UnknownCold $5So small.  Like one slice of bacon !gr. U should be embarrassed This wouldNever pass on your showMinus 5 stars
3	Gordon, I'm surprised. Was really looking forward to the experience, but overall, kind of disappointed. Good is a bit overpriced, but expected for Vegas.I had the Bangers and Mash, wife had Prime Rib. Quite frankly, both wee under seasoned. My Banger quite small. :) and the mash was too creamy. Wife's prime rib really needed a bit more seasoning. Horseradish tasted really watered down.Service was good, though it did take a little longer than expected for the entrees, especially since our appetizer came out super fast. We also had the "DIC" desert. Keep in mind, there's Bourbon in the caramel, so be aware. It was delicious, by far the best part of the Menu.Overall, for the price we paid two, the Baccanal Buffet would of been a much better value and experience.
3	Came here for dinner last week while I was in LV.  The setup and decor is nice and classy.  I know there were some negative Yelp reviews about the service but our servers were great.I had the Braised Short Ribs, which are very meaty and cooked pretty well.  It was a big piece of meat, which was good.  The cut of meat was kind of chewy though so disappointed for the price I paid.  Taste wise, the ribs were pretty good.  I left the sides, they weren't that awesome.  I also had some wine and a Guinness beer. The restaurant was extremely loud so it was hard to hear other people talk.So overall, I would say this place is very overpriced, the decor is cool, the food is not bad but ok overall.  Bring your wallet, it's Vegas.
1	I was so looking forward to coming here. It was the one place I told my friends that I really wanted to go. I don't think I have ever felt so uncomfortable in a restaurant in my entire life. We went at a non-peak time, restaurant half empty, just to grab a couple of drinks. We told the hostesses and waiters we were just getting drinks. Took nearly 30 minutes to get first drink order. Then our waiter complained about us to hostess since we were not ordering food. He grabbed everything off our table and was super short with us. Hostess then came over and apologized and said we weren't being rushed out, but could move to another table. Since we were done with our drinks, we just opted to leave. I would have loved to come back, but there is no point. I am not a fussy diner, I don't send food back and never write negative reviews but, this really ruined an experience for me that I was actually really looking forward to.
5	My new Husband and I went to Pub & Grill because we LOVE Gordon Ramsay and watch hells kitchen & master chef every season! The waiter, Taylor, was EXTREMLEY helpful to us in picking out the best entree's to have. I had the Grilled Lamb Burger - YUMM! My husband had the Grilled NY Strip - DELISH!  Our server overheard that we had asked for Ranch dressing and instead of leaving me to use the blue cheese that was brought to me - he brought me a number of options one of which included a cheese dip (which anyone who knows me knows I cannot say no to cheese dip)! Everything was amazing - I cant wait to go back one day!
2	So you would think a very public british chef that makes a tv career reforming failing restaurants with "Kitchen Nightmares" or spends his time mentoring (read: for the most part screaming at and using a marine sergeants approach in the kitchen) up and coming chefs would really have a venue baring his name locked down tight.Sadly no. Just no. In fact "HELL NO".I came in with a group of 5 people to celebrate a birthday and try an early dinner since the latest winner of Hell's Kitchen had arrived 2 weeks ago. From my experience I feel like a bad friend for suggesting the place.Really when you goto a restaurant there are 3 different things that you rate the place by: atmosphere (looks), food, and service. You measure your expectations of these things by location, chef, and price. So lets run down the list shall we?The place itself is on the main casino floor of caesars casino and they had a great time decorating it with a lot of british pub flair that still is up beat and modern looking. So really they nailed it here. The bar area is very inviting and tvs on the walls make it comfy and the restaurant area is equally inviting. The problem of course is when you go to order the actual food. As I said we came in for an early dinner (6pm) so the venue was fully staffed and maybe only 20% full with patrons. This should be an easy task for the staff. But, my experience rendered that assumption otherwise. To be fair our waiter was extremely up beat and full of suggestions and we were sat quite quickly so I can put most of the onus of service issues on back of house. But upon ordering it took almost 30 minutes for the table to get their alcoholic drinks. That just doesn't ring well with anyone. Especially a group of people that are in the mood to celebrate. Whats even worse is the food took well over 40 min before appetizers and starters came out with one of the more attentive managers checking in on us the entire time being very shocked that food was moving so slow that I could have walked into the mall, ordered food at any other place, taken it to go, and eaten it before our starters came out. So lets talk about whats really most important, the food! Since we were in a group of mixed friends that all love to eat we kind of did a one of everything approach to our starters and shared whatever came out. This would be cool if there was some hit or misses but, in our case the entire table just got more disheartened right up front after the long wait which is kind of a great way to crush the excitement and spirits of your guests prior to the main course I guess. The sliders were way over cooked, the fried calamari was bland, the scotch egg was downright forgettable, the toad in the hole should have stayed in whatever hole it came from as it was absent of any real flavor, and the lobster roll had an odd after taste to it (more on this later). The only positives here were the fries and the lollipop wings. In fact we scarfed the fries because they were the only thing stood out as not just edible but tasty with the included aioli. So lets say if you order starters the only thing nearly worth while are the fries. From a british gastropub? Wrong on so many levels.So now lets move onto the main course. Something you would want to do in a decent time after the first round of food. But, the kitchen staff had the idea of letting us wait till we were really hungry for it before serving it. Yes I am being sarcastic, no it wasn't cool, and as you can guess it was far from worth the wait. So the main course comes after 2 more rounds of drinks that took to long and a manger was still "shocked" at the food service time. If you're counting at home do the math and you can see this is entirely too long. The next round of food included the wedge salad that wasn't even a wedge and the dressing didn't even have the right to call itself Bleu Cheese as it lacked any flavor and was so watery we wondered what the dressing did to offend the chef, the scallops that hey were cooked perfectly yet lacked any trace of seasoning, the lobster mac & cheese that we all agreed should have skipped the lobster, the chicken pot pie with a perfect crust yet lacked any flavor from the inside ingredients and the short rib that was so unbelievably void of the texture and flavor that it was sent back with the question of why a place like this would serve something that is supposed to be flavorful and tender but comes off like a bad croc pot version of pot roast. The one shining positive was the BLT which we all agreed just nailed it.So after trying almost half the menu we are left with fries and the BLT being the only things that are positive standouts? At this price point?!?!? Are you kidding me? When it comes to dessert the sticky toffee pudding was however to die for. Oh remember the lobster? Yeah all 3 people that had it felt slightly ill after. This place is a kitchen nightmare. Such a let down and a terrible experience.
3	Food is very good. Atmosphere is well planned. But our waiter was snotty and not friendly at all. Barely spoke as he took our orders, just nodded.
1	Ok it's been a while since I actually stepped foot in this joint but I'd just like to share our experience from the one time I tried to eat here. My girl and I are at Caesars looking for a bite and I decided on Ramsey's pub n grill so we stood at the hostess desk for a good fee minutes before we were even spoken to by one of the 3 girls in miniskirts that were talking to eachother. Then we are taken to a seat in the bar area next to all the kegs that were used as the divider for the bar area and the seating area. We were not asked if we wanted to sit at the bar, my girl always will prefer a booth but we were not given that option. We were seated and left alone for about 5min before I had to flag down a busser to ask for a menu. Looking at the menu for about 5-10 more minutes we were never approached by another employee at all. We were not offered water or drinks or asked if we were ready to order. Now considering the fact that by the time we each have a meal and a drink we were looking to spend close to $100 for burgers we elected to just get up and walk out. As far as the food goes I have actually eaten wings and a burger from here while playing poker in Caesars poker room and it is pretty good food from what I have seen. Having said that I cannot say the same for their service in my particular case. I'm sorry with me you only get one shot at my business I really see no reason to go back after my initial experience. I would rather go to Bachi Burger by my house and only spend $40-$50 for an even better quality meal that you will get here. Sorry Gordon I just call them the way I see them , from watching all your shows I was honestly shocked by the service we encountered. End Rant!!
5	After dinner...also at at Caesar's shopping forum....we decided to have some more wine and a snack to go with it. We stumbled across this place on our way to the casino and decided to give it a shot since it was Gordon Ramsey's place. The place was packed and very noisy, and there would have been a 20 minute wait if we decided to sit in the dining area. We then decided to sit at the bar where we were free to seat ourselves.I can't comment on the dishes here, but the "Nachos" we ordered were out of this world. I actually thought they were actual corn nachos, but they were in fact kettle fried potato chips (English style I guess) with a sour cream sauce, melted cheddar cheese, and red chillies on top. All I will say is, it was so so so hard to stop eating them! ...yes, they were that good! Together with a glass of wine or an ice cold beer, this'll make an excellent pub snack.Service was good and the waitress was friendly and attentive. Definitely a nice buzzing place to get together with friends.
3	We went for lunch and the atmosphere here struck me as strange... I thought we would be walking into an authentic, laid back, English pub and what we got was a formal, sit down, dining experience with a traditional bar menu. It's even hard to describe and this is why I can't score this more than 3 stars. Maybe we made the mistake of sitting on the restaurant side vs the bar? But a pub should be a pub (as in the name).Our waiter was fabulous and I fell in love with him a little bit, but it is too bad about the uniforms because he looked ridiculous as does everyone else working here. @GordonRamsay you need to rethink this choice, I don't care who designed them.Food was good and my fish and chips were enough to feed an army (and so was the price).
5	Service is great. The place looks amazing and like you could party there all night long but you're not allowed to! Haha!The food is delicious, but not compared to BurGR or Gordon Ramsay Steak.We also met Scott Commings, winner of Hell's Kitchen 12 which was pretty damn awesome! A must go if you haven't. You won't be disappointed.
3	The fries with the fish and chips are frozen and are almost indistinguishable from McDonalds fries.  This is a $30 and you don't even get fresh potatoes.With all Ramsey's television concern over food being frozen, I'm surprised one of the pub's signature dishes uses frozen, cheap ingredients.
1	Stopped in here for dinner before a show. This place is decorated in English pub style. A wall of beer barrels is kind of a cool look. Now onto the food......Ordered their wedge style salad and a BLT.The salad was awful and I sent it back. You could tell right away that this salad was pre-made and had been sitting around way past it's sell-by date.Lettuce was wilted and rubbery. Ugh. Told the waitress that it was not acceptable and she took it away. Here comes the manager to apologize and to ensure that it will not happen on my next visit and he would remove it from the bill. Fine.Now onto the BLT. This sandwich had a maple flavored bacon that just overpowered the sandwich. It was not good at all. The only thing I enjoyed was the cold pint of Heineken that I had with my meal.Here comes the bill and guess what. The salad was still there. I flagged down the waitress who was surprised that it was on it. How about checking it before you hand it to me?I have seen Kitchen Nightmares where Gordon Ramsay shreds every dish he tastes as awful. Hey Gordon, why don't you check out your namesake restaurant and see what you think of it.Will not return. Vegas has much better places than this money grab.Cheers to all
2	My Girlfriend and I stopped to see the Packer game and could not have been more disappointed.  Atmosphere was great, staff was friendly, but the food "insert funny Gordon Ramsay saying".  We got two beers and the chicken pot pie. Pretty sure it was made from all cheap, canned products. I've have better chicken pot pie from the freezer section at Wal-Mart.  Also the beer drafts were blocking the view to the TV to watch the game at the bar.  We wished we would have went else where.
5	Had the bacon cheeseburger was really really good! In fact enjoyed it so much came back the next morning for breakfast. Had corned beef skillet which was amazing but really filling.
3	As a fan of Hells Kitchen, Kitchen Nightmares and Master Chef, I had to make a visit to one of his restaurants right? We'lll I picked this one.I looked at the menu prior to leaving my hotel - and I wanted the "Short rib and cheek sandwich" not realizing that was on the lunch menu. So when I got there, I grabbed a seat at the bar. Looked at the menu and didn't see it, I was totally bummed. We'll I went outside the box and got the lamb burger. It took about 15 minutes for my burger to come out. It was good, but the fries were just regular fries. Not the fries you see in all the Yelp pics and on the Ramsay website. I was somewhat disappointed - I really wanted the short rib sandwich and the fancy smancy fries. The lamb burger, while it was good, was no where worth $21. Come on Ramsay, I know its Vegas and all, but don't you think $21 for a lamb burger is a bit excessive? Will I come back? Probably not...
2	Overpriced overratedOverall not that good my food needed salt I was afraid to ask for it
5	Great experience! We had the filet mignon, wine and the sticky toffee pudding! Loved our waitress Lisa from North Dakota! She was so good that she made the entire evening a super enjoyable experience! The wine was great and was a great price point. I would eat there again in a heartbeat.
3	I'm a Gordon Ramsay fan, love all his shows and his passion for excellence.  He reminds me a bit of myself in my college years striving for perfection over the cast iron grill at Buffalo Wild Wings.Being a fan I was excited to try this place.  What to order?  this was the hardest question to answer since the ACT.  I wanted a burger but thought I should get out of my comfort zone and try something a bit more British, so I went with the pie sampler.  I thought this was a great idea so I could sample all the taste Gordon has to offer but it backfired a bit because it really is just an appetizer, so I was still a bit hungry afterwards.  Each meat pie was about as good as a meat pie can get, but that's not saying much.  Looking back I should have ordered either a whole pie or the burger, or maybe the sampler and a burger.  My friend had a burger and it looked amazing, I stole some fries when he wasn't looking, very good.  I will be back to try the burger.
2	OVERPRICED! Awful service and the food was so-so at best, in fact my daughter got sick on the ride back to the hotel from the Sheppard's pie. I ordered the BLT because I heard it was the only thing on the menu that was good. to be fair it was, but not good enough to justify the price. Gordon Ramsay should yell at himself for how bad this place is.
5	Amazing food. My wife and I stuck to drinks and appetizers but it was all exceptional. The Executive Chef's English ale onion soup was essentially an immaculate play on the French onion soup. We ordered desert first and the salted caramel cheesecake was a decadent start. The seared diver scallops and chicken pot pie were exceptional as well. The service was attentive. So much so that our waitress replaced the mocha martini that was cleared early by a busser. No charge for it on the final bill. Love this place!
5	We made a last minute reservation and we are so glad we did. The food was amazing. Best Rack of Lamb and Prime Rib. Truffle fries were delicious and the Sticky Toffee Pudding is to die for.  Good atmosphere and Tayler F took wonderful care of us. He even talked chef Scott into visiting our table. Best meal and experience we've had in Vegas. This should be on every 'not to be missed ' restaurant in Vegas.
5	Great ambiance and vibes. Perfect for game days and date nights. Quick seating. Noise level is medium. The staff was very friendly and always moving. The GM and house manager were very alert, always smiling, and seemed to communicate with the staff on a consistant level. Our server, Tara, was A+. Very kind and sweet with quick feet. She is a great asset to your company. The food was very well balanced and fresh. Very good coffee. I highly recommend the sliders. We will deff be back soon! Thanks Ramseys and Tara! 5+
4	3 stars, huh.  Could a Ramsay place be only 3 stars?  The Yelp rating says so, are the people right?  $30 for Fish & Chips?  Ridiculous, right?  After all, it's nearly 2x what I've ever paid even though it was super beautiful white fish; 2 smallish pieces with a generous amount of fries, and a very little ramekin filled with fresh peas (and a bit of mint).  The flavor of everything was great even though I didn't have one bite with both fish & coating -- it broke when cutting it.  (3.0 stars due to price)$18 for Sandwich?   It was terrific, though.  Chicken pesto with roasted peppers, arugula, tomato, caramelized onions.  Cold chicken, but the toasted bread was so good, it made up for it.  British?  (4.5 stars)$11 dessert?  Sticky Toffee Pudding (available at all Ramsay eateries) is to die for.  Served with sweet cream ice cream and warm caramel poured over before your very eyes.  Mmmmm.  (4.5 stars)Service was slow to begin with, but when Daisy finally made it over, she was all over my dining partner and I.  Very responsive, fun, and efficient.  (4.5 stars)It's a really excellent pub, with drafts (Boddington's, $11) but expensive/costly/pricey.  Beautifully constructed, painted (like a pool table), and many different rooms offering a little different feel depending on your desire.  But, it's really expensive.  For that, I came and conquered but may not return.
2	Meeeh .... Went there last night for dinner, the hostess seemed uninterested. When we finally got sat, even though there were plenty of seats, it took the waitress at least 5-8minutes to acknowledge us. We ordered calamari which was great! We also got a rack of lamb, first it was over cooked so we sent it back - then it was basically raw. We ate a few bites and paid the bill. very disappointing from such a well known place.
4	Had zero plans to eat lunch here while out shopping inside Caesar's Palace.  But whatever it was that led me here - hunger, tired feet, FATE - I'm so glad it did.  This was hands-down my favorite lunch out of all the places we tried on vacation.First of all, I loved the decor of the restuarant.  You really felt this is what a real English pub would look like.  It could be an Americanized version for all I know, but I still liked it.Our service was great.  Very friendly wait staff.  There were water spots on my husband's fork, which isn't even that big of a deal, but our waiter noticed it (without us pointing it out first) and replaced it right away.  I thought that was a very nice, above-and-beyond touch.I started off with a very delicious cocktail called Goodbye Blue Sky, which was blueberry vodka, Chambord, sparkling wine and fresh lemon and blueberries.  So refreshing.  I hardly ever finish my cocktail at any place I go, but this one could have easily begat a second one as much as I loved it.We decided to pass on appetizers as we didn't really want to stuff ourselves for lunch (knowing we had a very large dinner ahead of us later).  I debated on what to order because so many things sounded delicious.  Shepherd's Pie, Chicken Pot Pie, even considered ordering several apps as my entree (Scotch Egg - yum!).  Finally decided to go classic English pub and ordered the Fish and Chips.  This was without a doubt the best fish and chips I've ever eaten.  Three lovely pieces of beautifully battered white fish - the texture was spot on (crispy and light), fish cooked to perfection.  Served with a side of mushy peas, which were also very tasty.  They were minty, although I didn't taste too much of it.  If I could complain about anything, I'd say the fries were nothing special.  The weren't horrible by any means, but for $30 you may expect something hand-cut at the very least.Everytime we see a Sticky Toffee Pudding for dessert, we have to try it.  For something not chocolately, this bread pudding is surprisingly good.  Warm, with a rich caramelly drizzle atop a delicious sweet cream ice cream.  It's like a comfort dessert - you leave feeling wrapped in a warm blanket, cozy and comfy.  Perfect ending to a fantastic meal.The only thing I wasn't keen on was the price of the food.  Now, I can eat expensive food, and have no problem paying for it.  But let's be honest - this was not an upscale 5-star restaurant.  It's a pub with above average food.  It's not overly gourmet or made with luxury ingredients.  I'd say you're paying for the Gordon Ramsey name for the most part.  Don't get me wrong cuz the food was spectacular, but it could definitely handle being slightly cheaper.  Lunch food shouldn't cost over $100 for two people.
2	OK I'm going to keep this simple -Food:  OK.  Scotch Egg (yes, just one lonely egg) was decent but served cold, Fish and Chips were average (but $29 for two pieces of fried cod and a handful of fries? REALLY?), braised short rib was quite tasty BUT the risotto it was resting upon was extremely undercooked.  Not al a dente but damn near raw.  Sticky Toffee Pudding was pretty darn good.Service:  OMG how slow can we go????Atmosphere:  It's a pub. Really, it's a pub.Beer:  Selection isn't that great.  About $12 per pint.Value:  You have got to be joking!  I know that this is a celebrity chef owned establishment on the Strip, but almost $150 before tip for the above mentioned meal (oh, and two beers and one cocktail)?  I mean come on, you can get basically the same thing at many other on-strip pubs for half the price. If the food was exceptional, the price may be justified.  Unfortunately it wasn't.Bottom Line:  Good but flawed food (the food does prevent a 1-star rating).  Poor service.  Way overpriced - even by strip standards.
1	For Gordon Ramsey this place is a disappointment.  The warm pretzels were not so warm or soft.  The deviled eggs were tasteless.  I was really disappointed in these.  For the price this place is charging it's a pure embarrassment.  This is nothing than a tourist rip off.  I would have rather paid for McDonalds.
3	The Good:- Tenderloin was excellent.- Sticky toffee pudding was great.The bad:- Bangers and Mash. Sausages were bland, rubbery, and the ends were too close together. Stingy portion of barely-warm mash. This is such a simple pub dish, it is a shame it is not done well. Lincolnshire sausages with hearty mash would be so much better. - No custard option on the sticky toffee pudding. Although good with the ice cream it just feels like the lazy option. Not very authentic for a pub. The ugly:- Poor selection of draft beers, especially from the UK and Vegas area microbrews. Mostly standard beers you can get at many bars. The exception is Fullers, and to a lesser extent Boddingtons. - Everything is seriously overpriced, even for Vegas. Add 50% to what you think is reasonable, and you'll be in the ballpark of what you are going to pay. - The prices may be justified with fine dining food or service, but you don't get either. You get adequate food and service. 3-3.5 stars seems about right.
4	We waited a bit for our table, but we showed up 12 strong with only an hours notice,  and they threw six apps at us to make up for the wait.  Bangers and mash turned out great and nobody walked away hungry.  Great bourbons (nothing really rare, just a a bunch of good ones) and good craft/import beer selection.
4	Enjoyed my two lunch visits to the pub.  Rather surprised by some of the low ratings.  The Sheppard pie was quite good, but my two favorites were the steak pie and the goat burger.  Both were excellent.  The service was fair one visit and very good on the 2nd.   I would definitely return.
5	Beer is phenomenal, mixed drinks are well-poured, I would consider stepping into a cage and fighting a beastly man over the rights to have some of this food, and a super friendly bar staff and management.Asked for a special request to get into the kitchen, and although they were hesitant because of how busy they were, they played along with us and eventually allowed us to meet the chef and give him our sincere thanks for a wonderful meal.Great time, great place, possibly the BEST food I've ever had (which was diverse also), and overall a fast and friendly environment. Would definitely recommend to absolutely anyone for a quick beer or for amazing dining!!!
1	Chef Ramsay needs to be scolded as what he does on the TV show...Worst food to eat...Good to Take a picture but definitely not to eat...Yelp didn't allow me to choose 0 star..else I might have opted it..
3	I had a late lunch today at Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill today.  Gord and I are fans of Hell's Kitchen and MasterChef so I thought I'd check it out.It was fairly packed so I sat at the bar rather than wait for a table (a 15+ minute wait).It's in Caesar's Palace so it's not cheap.  I ordered a burger and fries (without lettuce, onion and cheddar and added bacon).  It took about a half hour ... Charlie, the bartender, said the kitchen was backed up.  It was good but could have been hotter (I guess it was sitting around for a while).  It was rarer than I like it but tender and juicy.The experience was okay, not outstanding.
5	Went their had a great time food was great bartenders where nice . Just don't sit by the taps kept getting sprayed by the glass rinser kind of a bummer
4	Request a booth on the right with a TV.  The warm pretzel bread with cheese sauce was amazing. We ordered Sheppard's Pie and Flank Steak and shared. The Flank steak was one of the top steaks ever ordered in a restaurant, so tender and perfect. Loved the cocktails. The Sheppard's Pie looked smaller than it was - very filling, even for two, if you get another plate too.  It's shredded beef and was so tender. We couldn't finish it all.  The onion soup was great - a little sweeter and less salty than the french version.  My husband wanted to add salt, but there's none of that on the table. Without reservations, we'd have waited a while. It's only steps away from the concert venue, Elton John, so perfect place for dinner if you plan to see that show. The service was good - four or five hostesses to greet you - which one do I choose. The bartender was swamped, so took a while for drinks.  The manager came by several times and walked the restaurant a lot.  The guy who dropped off our food asked if we would be sharing and offered to bring sharing plates.  I loved the initiative of that. We never had to wait for plates to be cleared - they were picked up right away.  Definitely allow 2 hours for your dining experience.  It's not a fast-food restaurant.  This is a place to come and savor your meal, the company, and the ambiance.  Nothing is rushed, which I loved.  The table was never crowded and plates weren't coming out on top of each other.  The entire staff was pleasant and enjoyable - contrary to the punk get-up.  I read the reviews prior to coming and almost went somewhere else.  Geez, you guys are hard to please.  I LOVED my experience!  it was pricey, but the special occassion warranted the splurge.  And it's Vegas.  You expect that there.  Glad I decided to take a risk and find out for myself.  I hope others can take these reviews with a grain of salt too.  My only regret was that we were too full for dessert.   Oh, also regret not ordering the deviled eggs at the bar while we waited for our reservation.  Certain menu items in the bar are not available at the table.   Will definitely go back!Suggestion:  If you plan to have a full dinner, make reservations and request a booth or a high table.  A lot of the tables are low, better for drinks and appetizers, but not a meal.  And also request the back of the restaurant.  I also didn't like the fishbowl effect of the front of the restaurant.  Once you're well inside the restaurant, you feel more cozy and intimate.
2	There is nothing special about this restaurant.  I'd actually give it 1 1/2 stars if I could.  First, the only appetizer they were out of was the pot pie sampler - our server only told us that when I attempted to order it.  Oops - it would have been nice to be told that before getting my heart set on it.  We ordered the chicken pesto sandwich, which came with french fries. and the lobster roll.  The highlight of the meal were the fries, very crispy and served with a ketchup/horseradish condiment.  The sandwich was dry and not very flavorful.  The lobster roll had more roll than I would have hoped for and more mayo than needed.  The service was merely adequate - our server took the order, delivered the order and then brought the check.  Hmmm... as a local, you kinda expect at least a check-in by your server to find out if you need anything else.  I guess Mr. Ramsay figures that tourists will eat at his restaurant because of his fame and then, who cares.
3	I was really looking forward to GR Pub & Grill.  I lived in London and worked in a pub in my younger days and was hoping for some good pub food.  I checked out the menu online and thought it looked great.  We had reservations and were seated quickly.  Menu wasn't the same as online but pretty close.  Service was slow.  They were busy and I was catching up with an old friend so not a problem.  I ordered the Lobster Roll to start and Fish and Chips for my entree.  I asked to upgrade the chips to Truffle Chips and was told that was fine.  My friend got the Pesto Chicken Sandwich.  It took 45 min to an hour for our food to come out.  My Lobster Roll never came and I got regular chips instead of the truffle ones.  My friend liked her sandwich but I wasn't impressed with the fish and chips.  First off they aren't chips, they are american french fries.  They did not seem hand cut at all, more like out of a bag.  The fish was ok but nothing special.  It wasn't terrible by any means but I expected more for $30 fish and chips, especially from Gordon Ramsey.  The menu still looks great and I have had good experiences at other GR restaurants so I'm sure I will be back at some point.
1	One star for Richard E. yet the food is good. I have been here a few times and normally the service is as good as the food, however this time the service was horrible. We were rushed to order our main dish and asked repeatedly in a span of 3 minutes to order dessert. No the place was not packed at all.  Note this was for game 7 of the 2014 World Series, so I could assume the staff just wanted to watch rather than have to serve that night.  If your place has pub in its name and numerous televisions you should expect people may get the idea they can enjoy a game there.  I thought it may have been because we asked to switch tables (something I don't do normally) in order to see the game, but the table next to us has the same problem with the server.
1	Disappointing considering this guy yells at people for sub par food!  We honestly just stopped for drinks and figured this was a safe bet-place looked cool and there were empty spots in front, perfect for people watching.  I ordered a grey hound and my friend ordered a mojito.  While waiting we realized we could have taken advantage of the happy hour menu which was never mentioned by our server.  (Would have been nice to know.)  After waiting much too long our drinks arrived but we were certain the mojito was wrong-it was in a clear glass, no fresh mint to speak of.  My friend had a sip and she said it tasted like the pre-mixed drinks you can buy in the grocery store in a can.  That is where I suspected my greyhound came from as well judging by the taste-it was horrible.  But if you are going to charge $14 (?) for a mojito at least fake it by throwing in a spring of fresh mint...but mAybe that was too much work.  So, we ordered from the happy hour menu next thinking this was clearly not a mixed drink place-we should have paid attention to the keg-decor and impressive beer offering.  I happen to love IPAs and was excited to see Dog Fish Head on tap...but no...it was out.  It was only 4:00 or so!!  Okay, so I ordered  Stone IPA, also. Rey nice.  Strike two... "Sorry-we are also out of that."  So the only other IPA was Lagunitas which I like.  At $5 (happy hour) it was a deal including the $5 nachos-over the top fattening but good.  I can't believe a restaurant of this caliber had the audacity to serve those so called cocktails we started with-they should be ashamed of themselves!
2	Being a longtime fan of Gordon Ramsey, I must admit that my expectations for this Pub were pretty high.Our server was very friendly and pretty good. We started off with the Pretzel Appetizer - not any better than any other pretzel appetizer you could get at any sit-down restaurant. We then ordered the scallops, mashed potatoes and lobster mac & cheese.Scallops - they were cooked decently, but surprised by how tasteless and bland they wereMashed Potatoes - Very tasty and very lumpy, but in a charming wayLobster Mac & Cheese - Not as tasty as I was hoping. Was even more disappointed when I CHOKED ON PIECES OF LOBSTER SHELL in my food.I did notify the server about the shells who then spoke with one of her bosses not more than 5 feet from me who said they didn't shuck the lobster from the shell, but that it comes pre-done. Now there are 2 things that really bother me about this situation: 1) I paid $27 for Lobster Mac & Cheese and it appears that quality is not a priority for this restaurant. 2) The manager didn't even take the time to come and apologize to me. I wasn't expecting this to be comp'd, but an apology for serving me lobster shells in a dish that is supposed to be void of it I think merits at least an apology.
5	Went last night for our daughters 23rd Bday, for her 21st we went to Steak at the Paris...she loves to go to his restaurants because they share the Birthday!Food was amazing; seasoning was perfect & very "tasty".  We all agreed we were just as satisfied in the Pub as we couldn't get into Steak.We will definitely be back!Had Lobster Roll, Ceasar salad, Calamari, Short Ribs, Shepards Pie & Steak...OMGThen they surprised her with a candle dessert...on them!
2	Gordon, I had high expectations. Took a bit for the bartenders to realize I was new and have not been helped. Once noticed I ordered a bloody marry and that was fantastic. I then ordered a 1/2dz wings and a medium burger with fries. I was expecting u wings to come first since they were an app but when they came the burger was served at the same time...I started with the wings. The second one I bit into was raw. yuck! What a turn offfffff. They got sent back and they brought me new ones but after biting into raw chicken in the first set I couldn't think about eating them the second time around. Didn't even really want to eat my burger after that. My burger was suppose to medium but it came out medium rare and the bun was soggy but at this point I just sucked it up and just ate it. I had to ask for ketchup. When it was brought to me I thought it was cocktail sauce but was informed by the bartender that was how they made their ketchup.Over all I give you two stars for the fact that your bloody Mary's are the bomb and I appreciated the managers checking in on me. Not charging me for the wings and hooking me up with a second drink. I've been in the restaurant business for 16yrs and I know shit happens, but when both items I order come out under cooked and the guy next to me is complaining about his scallops being under cooked as well You need to step it up in your kitchen and hold up to your name. Forgot to mention the menu is over priced. Your paying to be sitting in Gordon Ramsey's restaurant in Caesars palace more then the quality of food and service. $35 for a burger and bloody marry. Plus tip.
4	This review is only for the Sticky Toffee Pudding. Come here for the Sticky Toffee Pudding!What is Sticky Toffee Pudding?It is Sticky, Toffee and Pudding... Ok, really, it is a mini baked Date cake, drizzled in warm toffee/caramel sauce and served with vanilla ice cream.   If you like the warm chocolate cakes out there, you would enjoy this too. If you are not having dinner, and you just want dessert, they can serve you at the bar. Bartenders are nice, and sometimes you hear interesting conversations from the people at the bar.
4	Great foot, drinks and service by Christopher for lunch today.  We stopped in for a lunch bite and casino people watching and were not disappointed in the least.  I had the trio min-pie sampler and can't decide which is my favorite as all were yummy.  My husband had the fish and chips very well seasoned, nicely fried, not greasy and very flavorable.  The best part was our side, english peas with bacon and onions that melted in your mouth...well done and we will be back the next time we come to Vegas!
3	Okay if you were to ask my husband you'd probably get a rave review. I got banggers and mash which came with various flavors of banggers and I didn't care for that one of them was pretty gross, my daughter wouldn't even eat it and she's not picky at all when it comes to that type of food normally. My potatoes were good so I ate those, I also had some little sausage appetizer that wasn't great either. My husband liked his lobster roll and I'll admit his steak was much better then my food. We did get the Sticky Toffee Pudding which was really good. So Id' get that again. Over all I was disappointed and would skip this place to try other foods Vegas has to offer. It was also pretty loud and we had so many people bringing food or drinks I'm not even sure who our server was. It was kind of late and we were too hungry to wait for Creaser's buffet. I'd wait next time.
3	Though there were some really great things about Gordon Ramsay's Pub and Grill in Caesar's Palace, I left feeling like something was missing.  This is the second Gordon Ramsay restaurant I've been to, the other one was in London and wasn't the best experience.  The atmosphere at this pub was nice... lots of TVs and the room was huge.  We sat in the bar area and had to wait quite awhile for service and our food.  I also found what the waitresses were wearing to be a bit much... but to each their own.As far as the food goes, I tried the pretzels, pub nachos, sliders, and sticky toffee pudding.  The pretzels were amazing, especially the cheese sauce they were served with.  I only wish this has been a bigger portion.  The nachos were good... loved the kettle chips and sauce, but there were WAY too many jalapenos - jeez does anyone like them that much?  The sliders were standard... way over cooked.  As others have said the sticky toffee pudding is delicious... this is a MUST have at this restaurant.All in all, I would go back and try some different things.  They do have some happy hour specials, which is nice... especially in Vegas.
3	Stopped in for a couple drinks and bar snacks before seeing Absinthe. Drinks and snacks were good and they have a pretty decent variety of beers, but they definitely have the Vegas and Gordon Ramsay price tag. Cool spot though and good people watching if you're sitting in the area open to the casino. I had the sliders and a my husband had the kettle chip nachos - sliders were good but the nachos won. Worth I stop if you're looking for a quick bite in Caesar's, but not a place I would make a special trip to visit.
3	Food was good staff is friendly but I think pricing is way to high for pub food.
4	i got the sheperds pie, which i thought it was pretty good, had lots of meat in it. But the best part was the sticky toffee pudding! OMG delicious, best dessert ever!
2	I've been looking forward to eating here for literally months. I browsed the menu online and arrived expecting to be quite happy. Unfortunately, the best I can report is that I left full. Our flight was delayed, causing my spouse and I to be about 30 minutes late for our reservation. Not a problem- they were able to seat us after a 10 minute wait. Unfortunately, after that we kept waiting. It took another 15 minutes to get water. 10 more minutes after that before our waitress arrived to take drink orders. We ended up placing our meal order at the same time, just to cut down on the delays.As a starter, my son and I shared an order of the Warm Pretzels....which arrived stale and significantly less than warm. The accompanying cheese sauce was glorified velveeta. My entree, the Steak & Ale Pie was okay. The description said the pie contained "root vegetables" so I'd been eagerly anticipating a pie rich with steak, potatoes, parsnips, turnips...all those lovely British veg. But no...I got a basic stewed beef with a couple of sad little carrot bits, topped by a crust that left my mouth coated in lard/shortening film. My spouse and son both ordered burgers and raved about them...but they both agreed that the fries reminded them of Burger King. Not what an English pub should aspire to emulate.Overall? Horribly overpriced (we paid over $100 for 3 entrees, 2 apps and 3 sodas) mediocre food. Cannot recommend.
2	I didn't enjoy much of the food here. This place is huge, and quite empty. Regardless, we sat down because I love Ramsay. Maybe because I'm not a burger fan to start with, but the lamb burger our waitress recommended to me was very lamby(heavy lamb smell) with a bunch of blue cheese which was making the whole burger even heavier. The crab cake(?) I forgot the original name, but this crab thing was simply imitation crab in an oily bun... Disappointed Also,we ordered the deviled eggs since I saw reviews on yelp: the taste was quite blunt. Nothing special and I don't really recommend. The only highlight was the fries and sticky tofu pudding. I would stay away from this place if you are a Ramsay fan, and go to the Ramsay steak house.
4	One of my favourite spots in Vegas! This is a great stop for delicious food that won't break the bank. I admit I first visited because of Gordon Ramsay (who wouldn't? :), but the food is tasty! I've had pub appetizers one visit, and then the salmon for dinner on another - no disappointment here. If you're at a conference at Caesars (like I was), definitely add this in to your lunch repertoire!
1	Ordered the filet for dinner and got the weirdest thing I've ever seen that I should have taken a photo of :-(I ordered it medium rare...it came not only medium but the "filet" was cut in half and cooked on both sides before.  I complained and the waiter said that really was a filet (eh?  weirdest one I've seen and I don't think it's good practice to cut it in half before cooking it).The one they replaced it with was indeed a filet and cooked properly.  The sides were terrible.  I don't know why Gordon Ramsey put his name on this...if this were on any of his shows, he'd ream out everyone in the kitchen and the wait staff for what happened :-P
5	I would say the food was very good. On par with one of my fave pub places in LV - Todd English's at Aria -- and the thing that made it 5 stars was service.  Ate at the bar.  Very friendly but not overbearing staff and quick food.  Though quick the shrimp cocktail was crisp and cold and just enough bite in the sauce and the steak was done perfectly.  The fingerling potatoes were a welcome small side to the good size steak.  Fed recommend if you are at Caesars.
4	Came here with a group of 7, made reservations earlier in the day,The service was on point,Food arrived in a quick manor and was delicious!Would definitely come back!
5	Had an amazing meal. Adam Rogers was our server and he made the night memorable for my family.  Superior service, delicious food and met executive chef Scott!  an expensive restaurant, but woth every penny.  Absolute must haves are the fillet and the sticky toffee!
3	Great fish and chips. Might be the best in town. Loved the build your own deviled eggs and was sad to hear they had redone the recipe because now they are just ok. Could add more beers since they claim to be a pub however their cocktails are made with love and homemade mix. The Bloody Mary was very good. Bartenders would benefit from shirts in the next size up but are engaging and helpful with menu advise.
3	Convenient spot. Hubby had BLT and maple flavor of bacon over powered the sandwich. I had the wedge salad: blue cheese, tomato, onion, egg, bacon dressing. Maple flavor complemented the salad. Good service.
2	walked in here expecting more since it was a Gordon Ramsey spot... was disappointed none the less.  The only thing I like was the place setting and silverware design.  Beyond that was all down hill.. I got the beer braised rib with creamy barry risotto.. the risotto was the only decent part of this dish... other friends in my group got salads, burgers, and steak but no one seemed happily satisfied with any of their dishes.  Just Pricey Pub Food with no flair or special touches.
4	The spotted dick served here is great, along with the horseradish and garlic ketchup. I usually don't put a lot of stock into the ketchup, but this unique blend was phenomenal.
2	This is the second time here and the bar service is impersonal, little eye contact and minimal effort. Unfortunately,we will not be returning.
3	I was a little disappointed.  The food was good, but overpriced and the service was slow.
4	Ordered beef burger to go and was excellent. I do recommend this restaurant for quick order.
4	Let me begin by pointing out we had lunch at GRP&G. A dinner experience is most likely different. The atmosphere definitively rings pub. Kegs are used in lieu of wall separations and the table we were seated at was really "homey" This was my first Ramsey experience so I was anxious to see if his establishments could hold up to the cartoon scrutiny he puts the contestants through on his over wrought Hell's Kitchen show. Are his restaurants held to the same standard? I would have to say GRP&G is up to snuff. The menu is interesting but smallish even for a lunch but it certainly does not lack variety. Chicken pot pie and a beef pot pie are available as well as the expected Shepard's pie. .We saw several burgers being served and they were huge! Nice touch adding beer suggestions with each dish. I did not partake but thought the beer pairing idea was genius. We choose to start with a Scotch Egg that was delightful but the chipotle and mustard sauce took took it to another level, We also tried the shrimp cocktail that was ....a shrimp cocktail...Not bad,  just not special. I tried the braised beef rib and it was very good.It was served over a risotto (and no...I heard no screaming coming from the kitchen) that was nice. Desert however went to a new level of decadence.  A brownie, topped with cheesecake, topped with Rocky Road ice cream, covered in chocolate and to add to the party a magnificent caramel sauce on the side. No fellow Yelpers, this is not Gordon Ramsey light! Service was ...interesting. Good, fast, ..really spot on with the timing ....but...well..leave it to say our server was ....interesting. I've seen a few trash reviews here complaining about 12 dollar fish and chips? Come on ...it's a celebrity chef venue inside Caesar's Palace!  Were you looking for a Denny's? All in all a pretty nice experience and I would try dinner next time. ...If you do get the same sever we got ...and you will know if you do ...Let me know if the word interesting applies!
3	Were I writing this solely based on the food, I would go 4 stars, but the service and high cost to food ratio knock it down to 3. We were seated right away, but in requesting that we did not get one of the "high" bar style tables we saw at the entrance, were shown instead to an oversize "booth" consisting of a table and two large but lightweight movable couches. This proved to be somewhat uncomfortable, I felt like I was hunching over my food the entire meal as the table was too low for the level of the couches and the couches better suited for lounging than eating. All I could think was, if I wanted to eat dinner at my couch in front of my TV, I would do so. Might be fun with a larger group but it was not very intimate for 2. So lets get to the food, we had the calamari appetizer which was light, perfectly fried and tasty, and also a decent size portion as well. The accompanying sauces were the standard cocktail and aioli, uninventive but appreciated. We both decided on the lamb burger, which was enormous. If anything the meat to bun ratio here is unbalanced, the patty could be downsized a little bit or bun upsized without losing anything, the meat overwhelmed the remaining ingredients on the burger to the point you felt like you were eating just a big pile of patty. It was a very good lamb burger nonetheless.  Meanwhile, the accompanying fries were nothing to write home about, and like the fried squid, they also came in a suitably large portion. The service was surprisingly poor, my iced tea glass remained empty at one point for more than 10 minutes during our meal, and we were not attended to promptly when sitting down. I suppose by American standards the service was "normal" and Europeans would find it too fast a pace. Lastly, the place was quite expensive, you do indeed pay for the name in addition to the food. Two burgers, an appetizer and two sodas cost us $85 with tip. I was expecting this, but its worth noting nonetheless.
3	The service was lackluster at best. I heard the hostess complaining to one of the servers about her shift, loudly. Our server never ONCE checked on us after he brought the food. It also took a very long time (over 30 minutes) to get the food. That seems like a long time to wait for lunch. I would expect 15 to 20 minutes, especially since it wasn't that busy. Also, while the food was tasty, it cost us 82 dollars after tip for: One can of beer, two beef hamburgers, and one BLT.   I know Vegas is expensive but the meal wasn't worth more than thirty five or forty bucks, tops - even in Vegas. My advice:  find somewhere less expensive with better service. You'll be happier.
5	We received super excellent service. On a scale of 1-10, my girlfriend and I rank probably an 8.5 on the beer knowledge / tasting scale. We sat at the bar, and the bartender could sense our experience based on a couple basic questions he asked about the kind of beer we like.He was a super star. He provided 3-4 (free) tastings, recommended an excellent Saison, and even opened a British IPA, poured us some, the people beside us some, and himself some, free of charge.Very friendly upscale experience, and I highly recommend giving this place a try.
3	We had a good experience. Hubby had (very expensive) fish and chips. $29 for two pieces of fish and fries. I had Shepard's Pie ($22) which was delicious.Great waitstaff and clean restaurant. My only disappointment was the bill: $69 with tip. I have spent less for a 3 course dinner in Vegas and received a comparable, if not better, experience.
4	Great food!We ordered the shepherd's pie, some cherry dessert, lobster roll.
4	I am sooooo bummed that I have to give this place four stars rather than five. The food was definitely worth five but the service was a three. We spent over two hours in their and we just ordered an app, two entrees, and dessert. We saw the waiter a total of maybe four times.The first time we went to Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill, it was right after it opened. The energy was much higher and the service was better. This place holds a lot of significance to me because this is where I got engaged to my husband. I don't want it to go down hill!
2	Pros:1. Ice cold Newcastle at the bar2. Scotch Egg was very tasty3. Fries were super salty and hot4. Friendly bartender with a heavy hand on the alcohol :)5. Meat pie sampler was top notch per my galCons:1. Dusty front of the restaurant (the black steel window frames) right next to diners eating at the "patio"2. Had a rare burger but the meat had zero seasoning and the bun was meh...wilted lettuce leaf, bland experience3. Prices were through the roof (we spent the same for lunch here as we did for  dinner at Gordon Ramsay's Paris restaurant)4. Seating was designed with high back chairs that were way too low for the table - felt like we were eating at the kid's table5. Manager type guys in suits that looked like they were in the Mafia - never smiled or spoke to the diners.
1	During our recent trip to Las Vegas, we thought we would try Gordon Ramsay's restaurant.   We had the French Onion Soup, Prime Rib, and Bangers and Mash.   Simple dishes that should be hard to mess up.   From cold soup to fatty prime rib and inefficient wait staff, the experience was horrible... and expensive.  I think perhaps Gordon should stop by and dine at this location - it does no justice to his name, and could benefit from one of his TV "makeovers"
3	If you are expecting good food across the board, this is not your restaurant.  I had a red wine that was barely okay and the burger was not seasoned well at all - A little salt and pepper made it better.  There was  too much garlic for my taste and it actually overpowered the rest of the meal.  Fries were like any other place you get fries.  However, a great pub atmosphere for sure.  The servers were professional but clearly not enough of them for the volume of people in the place.   Overall it was just okay.
3	Stopped in after several friends recommended it.  It was ok. The Caesar salad was run of the mill average.  Did not come with lemon.  The rack of lamb was good.  Tender. The sauce green bean mix that was the bed was soggy tho. The cherry custard was nice.  Hint of cinnamon was a nice surprise. On the negative side,  the water was warm.  I requested lemon and it didn't show up until half way through my meal.  The main course was brought out before I had hardly touched my salad.  They took it back.  Which is probably why things were soggy. It took over 15 minutes for the dessert to show up.  I enquired about an herbal tea. They didn't have any,  so I declined.  Then someone shows up with a green tea., which I sent away.The kicker was the waiters comment when he brought my check.  He said I had eaten more than anyone he had seen that day and had taken my time.  How rude!  I didn't finish my salad or my dessert.  Not sure how 3 courses is excessive.  Rude!
2	Have so much to write about this place. We had a very large group about 15 people and they said we couldn't have so many. But they ended up putting tables together so I am happy they could do this. The food is unbelievably overpriced. That food is not worth the price. I got to taste a bunch of things from friends. The food took sooooo long. I was starving. I got a sprite. $4 for a sprite. That is insane. Then I ordered the Shepard pie. I only got it because it was recommended. I didn't think it was going to just be ground beef and mashed potatoes. That's worth less than 10 dollars and it was $22. Insane!!! It want even that good. It was just okay. I also tasted the nachos and they were way better than the Shepard pie. Didn't have much cheese but the chips were good at least. I also tasted one if the burgers and it was the strangest burger I ever had. It wasn't good. It was also $20. None of that was worth it. I also tasted the cheesecake which was the best thing I had. I loved it but was still overpriced. And I tasted the toffee and it was yummy but not as great as everyone says. I liked the cheesecake a lot better. Then we had a huge problem with our bill. It took an entire hour so we could get separate bills. Everyone was so upset and just wanted to leave. They kept shaking they couldn't split the bills until the manager was called and they finally fixed it. I don't recommend this place at all. Maybe just once to try it but u would never come here again.
3	establishment is great, and quite large. We were immediately greeted and seated. Our waiter was very friendly and made us feel comfortableI ordered the 12oz NY strip steak MEDIUM RARE.It took about 30-45minutes and I was quite disappointed. My steak was overcooked, nowhere near medium rare, I could of made a scene and complained but my body was in much need of protein so I ate it and told our waiter to notify the chef about the overcooked steak. They apologized and offered me a new steak but I was in a rush and hungry so I was letting it slide.  Giving it another chance next time I come back to VegasEstablishment 4/5Waiter/Staff 4/5Food 3/5Price 2/5 (lower score the pricer it is)Cleanlines 4/5Overall 3/5
2	Simply put..... "Not impressed". Unimpressive menu and we won't be coming back, as there are to many truly better options in this amazing food Mecca.
5	Best fish n chips I've ever had, and the lobster mac n cheese had huge lobster pieces in every bite!  And Chef Scott came to say hello. Service was awesome for our high maintenance table of 10.
5	Everything was perfect!I got the salmon, which I adored.  Our server was amazing and the appetizer of three pies was perfect!  All of our desserts were yummy as well.  Definitely want to return!
1	I love his show so I was very excited to try his restaurant. What a huge let down. The service was horrid, the music so loud it was hard to carry on a conversation and the food bland at best. If you are looking for boring and flavorless food that the English are known for this is the place for you.
2	Ok food. Nothing special, very bland. Got lamb burger and the lamb Shepard pie. Good service, but disappointed in the food. Drinks expensive
3	Grabbed lunch here with my 8 year old.  She recognized the name and wanted to give it a try.  One word can summarized the whole experience for me - meh.
3	It was not as good as I had hoped. The fish and chips were very good with 2 large pieces of cod with a thin crispy batter.  They could have used a touch more salt, but that is my taste.  The split pea soup was nice and creamy. The disappointment was the Shepard pie.  The potato top was good with a crispy top but the amount of peas and root vegetables was small.  The major fault was that the lamb had been seasoned with spices that hid the lamb flavor. I thought it had an Indian spice overtone which was uncharacteristic to someone who was born in England. I enjoyed the Innis and Gun ale.  Not too bitter.We skipped dessert as we had already tried the Sticky Toffee at the Steakhouse which was very good there.
1	Sitting for half an hour and still no food. While the workers in the back are screaming and joking around half the restaurant is sending its food back. Finally got burgers that were average at best. Definitely not worth $20 a burger. Staff is rude and service is nonexistent. Don't waste your time or money here. Feel sick already.
3	We stopped in to enjoy a quick happy hour before heading to the airport.   I'm a bit torn on this one.  It was good but nothing special.  We had the bacon wrapped dates and soft pretzels with our pints. The atmosphere is okay, the service is okay, most things were just okay. The dates and pints were the best part of our visit.
2	Ok food. Nothing special, very bland. Got lamb burger and the lamb Shepard pie. Good service, but disappointed in the food. Drinks expensive!!!!
2	Wow. My friends and I had dinner at Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill inside Caesars Palace and it was incredibly disappointing. Our waitress forgot our drink orders, so she came back to ask us what they were 15 minutes after she promised to get us some glasses. We decided to cancel our drink orders right then and there, because hey, why spend $11 on a beer when you can get drinks for free while gambling? She then brought out our canceled drinks 5 minutes later, reminding us that she had in fact remembered to enter in our drink orders. Uh, what the !@#$? We asked that she take them back.Other than the strange drink order situation, the food was nothing more than mediocre. But ridiculously expensive. My stupid salad was $17. The scotch egg appetizer was $11. For one egg. I know prices are high in Vegas, but for the spotty service and so-so food, this is a big no-no.I still can't believe this place exists. Shame on you, Gordon Ramsay.
1	This place was a terrible disappointment. My girlfriend and I stopped by on Friday night on our way back to our room for some drinks. We went into a nearly empty bar and sat at a table for two only to be chased away by a waiter who said tables weren't open seating. We should have left right there. Instead, we went and sat at the bar. I ordered a Goodbye Blue Sky and she ordered a Margarita. My drink was bitter and lacking in any other flavor. Hers was served in a small glass that was half filled with ice. There seemed to be very little alcohol in either. For this, we were charged $15 for each glass (one bad drink and one tiny one). I've paid more other places, but gotten more and better and I came away happy. The next night, we stopped by Numb instead. We had drinks that were better tasting, and stronger for less money. Don't go to Gordon Ramsay's!
4	This was probably our overall favorite restaurant on our trip because we both had a good experience. I got to go off menu when I requested a vegetarian dish. They waitress offered me the risotto, but then she came back and said the chef wanted to something different and fun. I ended up with a delicious pasta with veggies that had a sour flavor, but was really good. The artichokes and olives complimented the flavor well, and it only ended up being $14! My girlfriend got the shepherd's pie, which she really enjoyed. For dessert, we went with the famous toffee pudding, which did not disappoint. This place didn't blow our minds, but it was definitely the most solid restaurant we ate at on our trip.
3	Love this restaurant, tried it for the first time in 2013.  Me and my boyfriend reminisced about our food for a year so we had to come back this year.  Mine was amazing, but a little different than the year before.  My boyfriend however was disappointed, the amazing chips from the year before were very different now.  They were soggy and thin cut and nothing like last years thick crispy chips that made us come back :(
1	We had high expectations when arriving to eat but were quickly disappointed. It was absolutely horrible service. We arrived at 6:30 and did not get our food until around 7:45. Our server was non existent for about 30 min and never checked in on us throughout our meal. Although it was quickly taken care of, the shepherds pie came out cold even after taking over 40 min to receive. I would not recommend this restaurant.
5	This place is great! The service was wonderful, had a tasting of quite a few items - everything was perfectly executed. Meat pies were ridiculously good, chicken pesto sandwich was my favorite, but prime rib was perfect, lobster Mac was incredible, lamb burger was awesome, sliders were great - everything was perfect in great portion sizes, nothing greasy, messy, etc. Wait staff had great attitudes; met Scott Cummings and he was taking time to greet guests. Just an overall wonderful atmosphere. Did not disappoint!
4	Excellent place for a casual lunch during our trip to Sin City!  We ate at the bar and Ray Ray was fabulous!  Fun, helpful, and attentive.  He helped us find some local faire to enjoy during our week.  Visit him and chat him up!For lunch I had the Lamb Burger which was excellent, just slightly over dressed with the feta topping and it had cabbage in it, which I don't love.  Still melt in your mouth delicious!  As always, Drew picked better and had the bangers and mash.  Three different sausages made of different meats with one of the best gravies I've ever had!  Beer selection was great, including Boddingtons on nitro!  The beer gods smiled upon us that day.The place is spendy so cheapskates don't even bother!  Worth every penny in my opinion, wish we would have eaten here a second time.
3	Atmosphere and service good.  Food average to below average.  Price for 1 calamari appetizer, 2 burgers w/fries, chips w/fries, 4 drinks, and 1 beer came to $118 before tip. I'm hardly an expert but these basic entrees had little flavor.Mr. Ramsay, this restaurant needs help!
2	If our server treated us better I would have give it a 3 stars. But, the only thing he had done is greeting, taking order that's about it.and the only time he show up is when the food is here. Sure, that sounded fair. But, we are running low on water and condiment and would love to ask for the check and he is no where to be find.My husband still left him with decent amount of tips because it is Christmas eve( maybe that's the whole reason for inattentive  service?!)Food is ok.  I ordered the steak medium rare which comes out surprising rare and dry?!My husband ordered the chicken Breast thankfully it is nice and tender. The dessert straight forward dead sweet. And it takes about a good 20 mins wait ,but it felt like an hour to me.
2	Great food - miserable service.  The food is outstanding and reasonably priced for a brand name chef restaurant on The Strip.  The service was slow and inattentive.  Not a positive experience even wit wonderful dishes.
1	I wanted to eat here for some time...but omg that a bad experience.The food was cold, and the service was bad.The NY steak was just cook bad without salt and my wife's fish was cold...never coming back
2	Really bad for a pub and grill...Gordon should be careful of where his name goes... he needs to visit this place and kick someones rear.....appetizers were good (salmon and scotch egg) . The main course was we'll...the Christmas holiday prime rib meal....only prime was cost for a bad cut of meat (fatty and bad) the Yorkshire pudding tasted like...well nothing, just like dough...the only good thing was the cold beer....wish I would have spent my $100.00 elsewhere on a good meal... just have an appetizer and a beer.....
1	we went to Las Vegas for Thanksgiving. It is the true Mecca for foodies. Having been a fan of his many cooking reality shows we decided to eat at the grill at Cesars Palace.Things quickly went down hill after being seated in a tiny table stuck next to a row of 4 cramped tables with barely breathing room. Our waiter was the worst I have ever encountered after eating out for 30 years at some of the better to best restaurants in the US and Europe. He repeatedly ignored us and after sitting for 30 minutes without a drink I complained to the management who got us started with our cocktails. This caused our waiter to futher act out in a blatant passive aggressive way. He did not smile, gave us no eye contact but plenty of attitude as he sarcastically announced with each entree "is this good enough for you". I literally wanted to put the food up his U KNOW WHAT but we were hungry and would have been late for our show so we had to put up wth this clown. While ordering, they had 'RUN OUT " of 3 of the 4 items????. Sounded odd. Anyway the shepards pie was ok, the lobster mac and cheese very salty and my memory is a wash with the rest of the meal. Thus I conclude that it must not have been memorable. I was so irritated with this snarky, pompous jack ass of a waiter it was all I could do to contain myself.The one plus was dessert some kind of bread pudding that was super sweet but definitely the best among the items ordered . Just when I thought things were bad enough I went into the rest room. Had I done that first thing, I would NEVER have eaten at this establishment. It was FILTHY. Yes! you may find it hard to believe, I DID but the smell and look of the toilet was as if they had not cleaned it. Rather disgusting what was on the toilet seat thus I will NOT describe it in case you are as visual as I am. I still can't get the imagery out of my mind a month later. When it came to soap supplies, they had 1 little bottle of soap for 4 sinks and plenty of patrons waiting like kindergardeners to get a squirt of the stuff. A 50 plus year old to my left erupted and questioned the staff and was seen on my way out complaining to upper management. Tell you what, for such a fussy chef with his noteriety of perfectionistic standards, he should visit the place he sold his name to on the sly and see for himself. A real let down and all around dive with absolutely lazy staff that needs a major attitude over haul. I would never recommend this place.
2	Went on 12/28/14 at 8:30 pm. They were out of salmon, prime rib, short ribs, and NY strip. Fish and chips...fish was like a cold brick and fries were just like burger king's. They have a mini pie sampler that used to come in a cute wooden carrier and last night they just plopped them on a plate and brought them to us. Took 2 hours and $500 for 8 people to eat. Go somewhere else.
1	Never been to a real pub that didn't have budweiser.  Suck it Ramsey.
3	We ended up at this place because it had the shortest wait among other places in the vicinity and when everyone was going crazy for the buffet!! We visited on Christmas day so naturally they were short-staffed. But the waiter was really nice and friendly and tried to make our experience a good one. I ordered the scallops, it was good but it wasn't to die for. There were too many shallots in the dish and the sauce. The atmosphere is very nice and chic, and I really liked the furniture and the decor.
1	Food is not that good and way over priced. Fish and Chips $30 for 2 pieces of fish. Fish was runny. Service is horrible.
2	I went to Caesars Palace to eat at the Bacchanal buffet for dinner. Unfortunately it was filled to capacity, we were turned away. So we opted for Gordon Ramsey's Pub and Grill.  What a mistake!We order the fish and chips  ($30). I've had better fish and chips at Long John Silvers and H Salt. The fish was dried out and crumbly. The French fries were soggy and limp.   For $30 definitely not worth it. The Mac and cheese with lobster ($28).  I've had better Mac and cheese out of a box, really!  The sauce was watery And the few tiny bits of lobster were not so tasty. The steak and ale pie. Basically it's a Shepard's pie made with beef instead of lamb.  The crust was soggy and the meat was so tasteless. I'd like to invite Gordon Ramsey to go and dine on some of this cuisine that bears his name. I don't think he'd approve. Very very pricey for less than average tasting food.
2	It took 40 minutes to get our burger,Service was horrible.we asked for 16oz beer he brought 20oz.He should ask if that is ok. Never came to do quality check. I asked Medium burger but I got served well done. We Eye contacted him and he turned his back and left.He did not even come and even give us our bill we had to ask someone else to get our check.
4	Went in for lunch at 2PM on Dec. 30.  Most restaurants in the area where swamped with the crowds for New Years, so it immediately scored points for availability.Sat in the bar area, which is VERY comfortable.  Couches and chairs you'd find in a living room, kid friendly as well.I had the Lamb Burger, which was AMAZING!  Probably the only thing keeping this from a 5 was that the fries were very bland, and my friends had dessert, and it was a bit underwhelming (but it wasn't the sticky toffee pudding, which I will have next time).If there was a 4.5, I'd give it that.  Will come back again.
2	Chose this restaurant because Gordon Ramsey is so damn tough on his show looking for top quality tasty food, so of course I would expect a restaurant to bear his name to be awesome.  What a disappointment, hubs ordered a steak, very pricey, but very flavorless.  I ordered the tomato bisque, while it was tasty, it definitely wasn't worth over $13 for a bowl of soup. Waitress seemed uninterested in her job, only took our order, and gave us our bill.  She wasn't the one to bring our food, and never once checked on us during the meal to see how we were doing.  As my first trip here to vegas, I am going to say that all of these restaurants really are not great, but what do they care? 90% of their business is tourist! their money doesn't come from repeat business.
5	Wow! Food was off the charts and the service was spectacular! We started with the fried pie sampler and then split a burger. It came out promptly (we told our server Sara S. that we had to catch a flight) it was out of the world! Also came with a homemade garlic mayo (I personally detest mayo, but could not get enough of it!) We finished the meal with sticky toffee pudding (heavenly). My eyes were rolling in the back of me brains! Not sure why there are so many mixed reviews...we will definitely be back again!
3	The food here is delicious! A real solid 4.5 out of 5 stars. I loved the shepherd's pie, My mother's Chicken Sandwich was also delicious and the fries were to die for. However, the service offered is closer to a 2.5 or 3 of 5 stars. They don't really seem to care unless you address them directly and then they are friendly enough. Waitstaff in general is standoffish and tends to gather around and talk in a corner (albeit not loudly). TL;DR - Food was great; Service could have been better. Bonus Note On the cleanliness side: As someone who hates public restrooms, the restrooms here are immaculate (as in touch your but to the seat without a protective layer of toilet paper).
3	Not a bad restaurant, but not the greatest. My boyfriend and I really love Gordon Ramsay, and we have now tried all of his restaurants in Las Vegas, but this was our least favorite. We made reservations via Yelp, but we were running late because of Las Vegas so I called the restaurant and they were able to hold our table. That was really accommodating, but I just wished our server was as accommodating. Unfortunately he was really slow and standoff-ish. The table next to us I believe won a VIP dinner for Gordon Ramsay Pub and Grill, so he was focusing his attention on them. The water wasn't refilled until we asked and this poor busboy came running to give us water. Food came out in good timing though. The food was good, but for the price I paid I expected more. We got the Bangers and Mash as well as Steak and Ale Pie. We also got the sauteed mushrooms and wings. The wings were great, but pricey. The portions were smaller than I expected, but I was full since it was full of mashed potatoes and bread. It was delicious, but it's the type of food that's not too hard to make so we weren't too impressed. The location is great as it is near the parking structure so you don't have to walk too far. The restaurant itself is pretty comfy, not romantic, so it's best for a group of friends or coworkers. Lots of TVs so it is also great to watch a game. A plus was that we got to see the Hell's Kitchen winner so that was pretty cool. Overall, it was A-ok.
1	Way over priced for the amount of food served. Our bill was double that of a great restaurant and food wasn't that good. Service was horrible I sat waiting for tarter sauce and I had ate all my fries during that time. Also NO SALT OR PEPPER ON ANY TABLE. I would suggest the Yard House right by the high roller much better food and reasonable.
4	Gordon Ramsay just added a higher level of quality and sophistication to pub food. The ambiance is a mixture of sporty, charming and classy. The decor throughout the restaurant is extremely VEGAS: big, loud, eye-stopping and captivating. We ordered:Chicken Pistachio Pesto Panini (mediocre...bread too thick and spongy)Chicken Wings (amazing)Beef Braised Short Rib with barley risotto (amazing) We also ordered a pitcher of what tasted like a virgin mojito Spritz. (Basil, lime, water and ice..slight carbonation). Ask them what type of Spritz they have on the menu for a refreshing feeling. Friendly was as good as it gets when it comes to a busy Las Vegas restaurant. Our server was rather attentive and got the job done. Thanks Gordon....until next time!
