3	The service is always very reliable when visiting the Sam Fox concepts. The food is consistent too and although taste and liking can vary it's a descent spot for lunch.  Today I tried the guacamole, the enchiladas with red chile and the borracho beans and rice. The ancho chili in the enchiladas was definitely not my favorite.  Yes ancho is a very strong pepper but balance is everything with Mexican foods and this one definitely missed the mark.  Then top it with a sour cream and well meh.. Proceed with caution. The rice is cooked in milk it seems and I'm not a big fan of it. I really would expect a red rice rather than this stove top rice with cilantro, this doesn't make it Mexican.  The borracho beans are the usual pork and beans mix.  I don't mind them actually but the black beans are better. Lastly the guacamole was okay, not 9 bucks okay as it's mixed in with sour cream and sprinkled with some cotija cheese. Overall I will keep this place in my lunch options list.  Although the food is not at the caliber I find at a Zin Burger or True Food I can definitely always appreciate good service and friendly staff.
3	Way too much for a little street taco. Server was pushy and seemed to want to get us out of there as fast as possible. 1/2 off happy hour is the only reason for the 3 stars. Poor service, mediocre food. Probably won't return with the service we had.
5	Blanco is a welcome addition to the biltmore fashion park! Two friends and I met for lunch here on a Monday.  We were seated in a raised booth that overlooks the restaurant and outside.  Chips and salsa were basic, and we got the roasted corn and the queso to dip.  Both the queso and corn were absolutely delicious!For my entree I had the short rib and avocado cheese crisp which was super yummy and crispy! It was not greasy like some crisps can be.  My friends tried the chicken tacos (loved them) and some sort of enchiladas.Our server Keisha (sp) was very sweet! She kept our drinks full and came back to check on us at all the right times.  She also took our photo for us- twice!! Also, the taco window across from Williams Sonoma is open daily until 4 pm and has a few select items to grab and go.  I've tried the chicken tacos, queso, and cheese quesadilla from the window which are all straightforward and fresh.
5	Wow! We ordered so much food and just had to finish it. It was delicious and the team was most welcoming and friendly. Our waiter, Richard, knew exactly what to recommend and made our first experience a unique one for sure. We ordered a braised rib/avocado cheese crisp, green chili pork enchiladas, sopapillas, flan, guacamole and the seasonal vanilla cinnamon margaritas and nothing was less than excellent. Andre genuinely cared about our experience being a great one as well. He seemed to be very connected to the guests and his team. Considering the newness of this location, I'm quite impressed as they perform as if they've been here forever. Even the staff that was not immediately responsible for our table was smiling and checking our table. I recommend ordering both the flan and the sopapillas and dipping the spoonful of flan into the sopapilla honey. Yummy! Maybe they could serve with local honey drizzled over the flan. The pricing was very reasonable as well. I would have expected to pay more. Don't get any ideas though. I would highly recommend this restaurant. Thank you, Blanco! We will be back for sure.
4	What a delicious addition to Biltmore Fashion Park! I'm so happy Blanco opened their doors in this space at the outdoor mall. Not only is their sitdown service perfect after a day of shopping or for a night out, but they also have a walk-up window that's perfect for a quick lunchtime meal. During a recent visit, I enjoyed a lovely meal complete with a skinny margarita, housemade guacamole and a combination of three different street tacos. The meal was fabulous and the service was spot on. While we sat in the restaurant I noticed the bar and decided that I will be coming back soon to enjoy a casual drink and snack. I will also be back soon to order lunch of tacos or salad from the walk-up window. Sam Fox has done it again!
1	I'll never go back. Went here mid-afternoon (about 3-ish) so it wasn't crowded at all. There's pretty much nothing good I can say about this place except for the fact that the manager did come and apologize. First...our server (I think his name was Nathan) was either stoned or just incredibly inept at his job. It took (and yes I timed it) 20 minutes before we ordered AND that was AFTER I had to yell at him and wave him down to get his attention. He literally walked by our table 4 times and looked to the tables on his right to help them (it was one table with, what I believe to be, other Blanco employees including a hostess, eating) and never looked to his left (where we were sitting) to help us. I finally had to yell "Excuse me" 3 times to get his attention. He came over somewhat befuddled and I said "Can we order now?". This should never happen...especially when it's not busy. Next was the $9 guacamole "Blanco special" appetizer. Supposedly it has all these yummy ingredients and is supposed to be sooooo good. I'm about 99% sure it was just a bunch of avocados smooshed into a bowl. It tasted like nothing...just smooshed avocado. Blech.Next, I got the spare rib (or short rib...can't remember) burrito. I took a bite and I seriously almost puked. It tasted like they'd poured an entire container of salt in it. I asked my fiance to taste it to make sure I wasn't hallucinating. He agreed it was inedible and just crazy salty. They did take it back and offered me something else on the house. I ordered the taco salad. Again, salt...a big salt salad. I didn't even bother complaining or sending it back cuz it was free and I was too grossed out at that point to even contemplate trying something else. The only 3 good things...#1 The manager came and apologized for the salty burrito. #2 They took my gross food off the bill. #3 The FREE chips they bring you are pretty good. So, moral of the story? If you go here just get the free chips and salsa. And don't expect to get them very quickly, especially if you have the same server we had. Personally, I'd rather eat at Taco Smell than go to Blanco again.
1	Vegetarians beware. Watch our for the flour tacos cooked in lard, chips in the same kettle used to fry shrimp and rice in chicken broth. This was not a good culinary experience.
3	Short Version: If I had to rate FRC restaurants, this one would fall somewhere in the middle. It's good, not great. Nothing unique. We got the Beef "House Specialty" Enchiladas and the Crispy Shrimp Tacos and it was good. If you're deciding between these two, I'd go with the Crispy Shrimp Tacos. Long Version: My wife and I came here for lunch the Friday after Christmas and it was one of the only places that wasn't completely packed. We hadn't been to a Blanco in a very long time over at The Borgata, which I'm not even sure it's there anymore. We decided to try it again despite not remembering if we liked it or not the first couple times we had gone. The menu appeared to be the same, and I only remember that because it's a pretty typical Mexican restaurant. I'd compare it to a Fuego Tacos but with nicer and cleaner decor. The decor is what you'd expect from a Fox restaurant. The service was good and attentive. We were served chips that were really salty and I like salty so I know that means they were overly salty. Not sure if that's a consistent thing or not. I ordered the Beef "House Special" Enchiladas which came out very hot (not a bad thing) in their cast iron pot. Along with it came the Charro Beans and some rice. The enchiladas were stuffed with cheese, ancho chiles and short ribs. The Charro Beans were pinto beans with bacon pieces. My favorite part was the rice. Not sure what's in them, but it's kind of like a sticky rice with some herb seasoning. My wife got the Crispy Shrimp Tacos which also came with the side of rice but she got the black beans instead. I think I liked her tacos more than my echiladas. It's definitely the lighter choice.All that said, Blanco is nothing special. It's not bad and it's not awesome. Very middle of the road to me. There are other placed I'd like to go before coming back to Blanco. Maybe I'm just annoyed because I have to be at work today so I'm writing a grumpy-town review, but there's just nothing great to say about the lunch I just had. Nothing terrible to say either. I just thought of a good way to describe it: As I was at the half way point of my Enchiladas and wasn't hungry anymore, but also not full anymore, I decided just to stop eating. That is to say, if a meal is good, I'll keep eating until I'm disgusted with myself and if it's bad, I wouldn't have made it to the halfway mark. This is probably how a healthy human being should eat anyways. Maybe this place is good for me after all.
5	Delicious! Was at the Biltmore late one night and had been wanting to try this place. So glad we did! The food was really good, prepared with fresh produce and our waiter was extremely kind and very attentive. Also a cool atmosphere, definitely a place to try.
5	Dropped by for Happy Hour....really good!  Grapefruit margaritas were awesome!  The guacamole and street corn were also great.  Will be back for happy hour soon.
2	Food was ok. Very salty. We ordered cheese crisps, gauc and queso fundido for appys. Was ok, but nothing exceptional. Had carnitos tacos and hubby had enchiladas. Was ok. Not bad at all but not amazing. Service was brutal. 20 min to get a table. Over 45 minutes to get tacos after appys. Meal took 90 minutes. Our kids were going nuts and ate taco chips for dinner because they were hungry. Drinks not served on trays. A server carried four drinks over in his hands. Weird. No cutlery in table, had to ask. Server checked on us serval times saying our food was coming repeatedly. My eight year old said "it only takes me about thirty seconds to make a TACO, what's wrong with these people?" Wish it was still Ling and Louie's. We won't come back. There's way better places to eat in Biltmore.
5	Came to Blanco on a whim and loved it!!! We were greeted by two amazing hostess Dallas and Kat. My fiancee and I had our 2 year old with us and Dallas and Kat were so amazing with her and of course she ate up the attention. On to our server Taj, he was phenomenal!!!! We had never been to this place and he made some amazing recommendations. We had the esquites it was a corn dish. It was to die for. The next time I'm in Phoenix were defiantly coming back because of the food and the service!!!
2	Black Chile was the name of the previous restaurant that occupied the space. Just a tidbit. Now to the review:The hostess was very nice and polite to us and we were greeted quickly. A major plus in my book.  We really didn't have to wait on a Friday because a sit at the bar opened up...I am walking to the bar with my wife. My nose is assaulted with the worst smell, the smell that only comes from bars that make fruity drinks and use fresh ingredients.  I can't knock 'em but they need candles or something.  Too the food we go:Salsa and chips. Check.  The salsa is legit.  I could order that all day.  Fajita's. Meh...salty, salty, salty. Good portion but you will need water.  Overall thoughts:I am trying to step out of my box because I am a creature of habit. Ya...I prolly won't go back.
5	Great for gluten free eaters!! They don't have a gluten free menu, but are very knowledgable and accommodating. There are many menu options and they understand cross contamination! If you call ahead they will make sure you have gluten free chips for you too. Great food and good service! I have celiac disease and felt very safe eating there.
3	Drinks are great. Food is fresh. They say it's authentic Mexican. I would say authentic American Mexican.
1	Average food, which is strange for a fox restaurant. The service was just BAD!!! I had a margarita and after it was finished I put it at the end of the table as kind of a hint to ask if I wanted another, no go! After 6 pass by's from our waiter I walked to the bar to get it myself. My wife just had water and no offers to refill. After all that I talked to the manager and all I got was a "that's not right" then the bill came and no compensation. Can you say One and done?
4	I have been to the Blanco on Scottsdale Road a bunch, but went to this location for the first time. I went on a Friday night, and it seemed pretty busy, but we were able to get a seat on the patio very quickly (the patio was great for people watching!).Our server was very attentive. He brought drinks, chips and salsa right away. The chips and salsa are amazing - the chips were very fresh and had a nice dash of salt, the salsa was a nice consistency and just a little spicy.I normally order the slow cooked barb-b-q pork taco ... you MUST try these. The pork is tender and sweet, there are pickled onions that add a nice tang, mmm! This time I tried the Mexican chopped salad - it was pretty good, and a very large portion. To be honest though, I will probably stick to the amazing tacos the next time I'm here.
4	We LOVE FOX restaurants in general, but it's nice that they have this Mexican restaurant thrown into the mix of their usual Italian, Steakhouses, etc.  The food here is SO GOOD!  Service is usually really good too.  Sometimes, we'll get an average server which is why didn't give the FULL 5 stars, but this is definitely a must visit!!!The atmosphere is great with a nice patio.  It's not too awful casual in that it feels like you're dining at a pretty nice restaurant yet you could still get away with walking in in your nicer work-out attire (which I have).
1	This place blows!!! Their food is uninspired, tasteless and the wait staff arrogant. Being served cold enchiladas by a bitchy waitress is not my idea of good food or service. There are too many fine places to eat in town to waste ones time or money on this place. Oh! The house margarita had little to no tequila in the drink. What a dreadful place.
5	I was shopping at the Biltmore when I spotted this place. I love the fact they have a pickup window. I ordered the 2 for $6 deal on the street tacos; one chicken, one carnitas. Wow. Soooo good, bursting with flavor. I couldn't decide which taco I loved more. I'm a sucker for a good street taco and they delivered. I'll be tempted to stop here every time I hit the Biltmore. Super yummy.
4	My wife and I have been here a few times now. We really love it here. Tonight we had the street corn and the nachos and quesadilla. All amazing. Previously we have had the enchiladas also very good.We don't drink but I have hear from friends that do that the mixed drinks are great. The complementary chips are salsa are really fresh and tasty. The atmosphere is casual. The place is huge and the best time to go is late afternoon. They don't accept reservations. We will be back often.
1	Terrible service!! My husband and I sat at the bar to order food and drinks, the bartender walked away after our initial order for two mimosas and menus.  They were out of champagne and I guess menus since he did not ask us if we wanted anything else.  We decided to sit at the community table because of his lack of interest in waiting on us.  When we sat down at the  community table there was a tip next to where we were sitting, a different server picked it up but never acknowledged us.  Then she walked by us 5 times before I finally asked for a menu which she threw on the table!! Wow, the people must really hate working there, the worst service ever!  We decided to leave, who needs that kind of abuse.
3	Saw this place on the way to our favorite- Seasons 52, and we were excited to try it.  The place had a nice feel to it, good crowd inside and out on the patio setting the mood.  Didn't live up to the setup.  The host stand was being held down by what looked to be middle schoolers who were friendly enough but just getting into the workforce and still getting it all figured out...works at Red Lobster but doesn't really match expectations here.  Patio was full so they put us at a table that borders the kitchen. Usually I don't really get bothered by that but  think it was just a little too close cause I felt like we were just short of being in the action - felt like I was back trying to make the adults table as an adolescent. The food- good menu with a lot of options.  Waitress made sure to let us know that the tacos were 'street' type which is supposed to be I guess small but really these things were piled high with ingredients but I'm getting ahead of the review.  The appetizers looked like they were going to be a great start and we picked the Ceviche and the Roasted Corn dishes. Now I'm a bit of a Ceviche connoisseur  so I always apprehensively order this dish knowing it's one of those signature dishes that the sous chef gets to prove to the big man that hiring him was the right decision. Should have used Jobbing.com instead of Craig's list.  I like a South American version like the one served at Ra.  This is really the Rocky Pointe version you get at a number of places there or a strip buffet.  Didn't really appeal to me.  The tacos came after a really long wait which is unexpected when you order 'Street Tacos' as usually this dish comes fast. We did get the option to mix & match which we did. Fish, Carne Asada, baja chicken were my selections.  As I mentioned, the only thing street about them was the undersized corn tortilla they came on but the three of them filled an oversize plate so don't order these thinking you are saving room for a quick stop at The cheese cake factory on the way out.  Stick with the fish tacos- this was by far the best and on their own were the only real positive part of the dinner and pushed this review to 3 stars. I started with that one and the other two were just filler from there- plenty of it but not all that memorable. Still looking for a good street taco place- going to try Joy Ride next....
3	If Sam Fox -- armed with his bevy of outrageously attractive servers, compelling interior design and people-pleasing menu items -- can't make a restaurant work in this spot, then no one can. Blanco is like the 4th or 5th name applied to this strangely dead zone in a really hot location over the last few years.As has been my experience in about half my visits to FRC (Fox Restaurant Concepts) places, there was a mild service issue. In this case a friend's order was forgotten twice. To be fair, we were seated at the bar on a busy Friday night. The manager comped his meal to make up for it. That was nice.  What wasn't as nice was needing to stare at someone's discarded bowl of guac sitting in front of me just behind the bar for the entire visit. Guess they need more help for busy times.Otherwise can't complain about much here. It's a Sam Fox take on gringo-Mex. The carne asada tacos were as expected. I'm convinced no one in Phoenix really wants authentic anything when it comes to Mexican, so here you'll be enjoying good-Mex-as-envisioned-by-account-manager-visiting-from-Chicago. And there's really nothing wrong with that.It's not cheap, but the ingredients are good and nicely arranged.
2	This spot just doesn't do it for me.  Flavors fall short.  Vegetables are over cooked and soggy.  The service is fine. The location is nice. Overall the food was mediocre.
2	The food is decent. I had the house specialty enchilada. The bloody Mary I had was good, but small. The service was terrible. Took what seemed like ages for a refill, and finally had to give our card to another waiter because our server was nowhere to be found. Other tables were having similar problems. We even saw one man and woman going to the server station and filling their own drinks! Won't be back.
4	Came in twice on a recent visit to Phoenix and both times were awesome! On the first visit, we ordered the Nachos Queso Blanco which were deliciously creamy and cheesy, and the Famous Guacamole, and they aren't lyin - it's famous for a reason! I was not a fan of the celery in the Ceviche we ordered but that is just personal preference. On the second visit, we ordered the Queso Fundido and the cheese was yummy and stringy and the toppings really made each bite pop! There is a reason we visited here twice and I hope to visit for a third time again soon!
2	I am disappointed by my visit to this restaurant. As a tequila drinker who loves Mexican food, I had high hopes. I was Initially insulted by our drinks. I ordered a Corzo on the rocks. The 1 oz serving which I was given was watered down by at least 50% and my husband's classic margarita was all mix. My tacos were overly salty, but the beans were very good.
3	Margaritas amazing. White Peach is amazing. Place is clean. Mello music. Beautiful design & service is very friendly.  Open layout.i had no problems.
2	To me this is like all Fox restaurants, the concept is wonderful, the execution..meh.  This was my first visit. I had the enchilada. We were warned that the enchilada was "stacked", and I'm ok with that. Actually, the enchilada and how it was served was really good. I liked the small cast iron pan that was perfectly sized to a corn tortilla. The cheese, lots of it and melty too. The sauce, that was where this took a drastic turn for the worse. Enchilada means "in chili". The sauce wasn't chili, I'm not sure it was even something like red pepper, maybe more tomato, and sweet not savory. Had this had a more authentic chili sauce on it, it would have been my new favorite and it would have been incredible. I'm probably lucky it didn't because I can still fit through the door. As for the service, location, atmosphere...those are all good, but I go to a restaurant to eat, not look around.
3	Atmosphere is nice and we had good service but the food left much to be desired. The guac and street corn were probably the highlights and much better than most of the entrees. I'd come back for 1/2 off HH, but not for full dinner.
1	Wife's food good. Mine fair. Waitress bad ! Parked in adjacent parking lot , waitress to validate parking ticket, didn't and couldn't leave parking lot. This sucks! Can't even buy ticket ! Had to back and get ticket/ token to leave! Not going back!
3	Fox concept restaurants are always if nothing else classy and the outdoor environment at the Biltmore is fabulous. The aesthetic of the restaurant and the our waiter was fantastic. Great service, friendly and accommodating. The Margaritas were on point. My son, husband and I all tried the tacos and got the nachos as a appetizer. I would say they were ok. Good but not amazing. The main reason for my 3 star review is the price. I felt like it was just too high. Sunday lunch ran us over $100. I wouldn't say I was disappointed but I could definitely find better for cheaper in the central Phoenix area.  Parking is easy here and they validate for the first hour.
3	Solid place, needs to smooth out rough edges. What I mean by that is the wait staff and the blonde woman bartender. But over all, solid guacamole, good food so a must try and see for yourself. The atmosphere is trendy/rustic Mexican feel. With a few tv's in the building. A patio for fun in the sun with friends or your pootches.
3	I've only been to the bar here, twice now? they dont have ginger ale... nor do they have ginger beer...this upsets me greatly.
2	Got the wrong meal twice. Asked to talk to the GM who was just as douchey as our waiter. Food was good, when we FINALLY got the right dish. Won't go back. Prefer friendly service. Just because you work for a Fox restaurant, doesn't make you ant cooler than someone working for Applebee's. You are still a server working for tips. I hope you enjoyed our $2. Get over yourself.
2	Guess this just is not my kind of place. Concept resto and I don't get the concept. Food marginal. Drinks worse. Won't be back
5	I heard about this place from a friend who had been to the Scottsdale location and decided to try out the biltmore one since it's closest to where I live downtown. Had two happy hour margaritas....blood orange and Pom grapefruit. No complaints at all. Had the two drinks and free chips and salsa...bartenders were all attentive and polite. Will be back.
4	As huge fans of 80% of Sam Fox's restaurants (we don't eat meat), the Blanco at the Biltmore has a nice feel.Normally we dine at their Scottsdale location and we miss Kelly Courson their Manager who moved to their newer Henry's restaurant.The one thing we do notice at most of Sam's restaurants is that the Chef's seem to have different spins on their standard dishes.  Hence there can be disappointments and we have shared this at TFK in the past.So of course there was a misunderstanding on a salad prep.  Marlo the Manager came over and could not have been more gracious about it all.  This while she was scratching her head why their Fish Salad comes as a chopped salad and the chopped salad does not.  Go figure!Yet here is where Fox outshines most any other eatery here.Their ability to attract talent and get these people into management positions is stellar.Marlo was so earnest and  genuine in her TLC with us.  Outstanding !!!!So yes there are some discrepancies, yet when the rubber meets the road, the Fox people are the BEST!!!
3	Decent service, good food. However I have to admit seeing all this dust everywhere throughout the restaurant especially on my booth was pretty gross. I'm amazed how this went unnoticed. I took it upon myself to leave a little note. The server saw me and the dust and commented "hahaha yeah there's a lot of dust here." Wooooooow really?
4	Had time for a bite while waiting for an appointment at the apple store so the girlie and I came in here. We both got the house specialty, short rib enchilada. I had the berry mojito and she had some other vodka drink. The food was amazing! I especially liked the rice, which had a light lime/cilantro flavor. The beans weren't my favorite. The enchilada was really good. It wasn't your standard enchilada you get anyplace, had a little different flavor in the sauce, but I like that. I like variety and appreciate different places making things their own. Our server was very nice and good. We were in a slight hurry due to our appointment but we told her when we ordered and asked if she could bring boxes and the check along with the food. She might not have liked that, but if she had a problem with it, we certainly couldn't tell. The only prob were the prices, $50 for lunch for two is a little high, but in hindsight, one meal would have easily fed us both. Next time I want to get the ceviche. Looked fantastic!
2	Possibly one of the worst dinner services I've had in a long time. Went there to celebrate a friend's birthday, about 12 people all together. The waitress was mediocre at best. We had to ask her for more chips, salsa, and refills on water. She was hardly paying attention to the table. She took forever to take our order. When we arrived the restaurant was steady but started to clear out. Everyone arrived between 730-8pm. So by the time we ordered the restaurant was pretty dead, maybe 8 tables if that were there with what seemed to be a full staff.  I ordered a mojito, a classic drink, when it got to my table it tasted and looked horrible. There was no muddled mint in it at all, it looked like a dash of chopped mint.  And the taste was horrid, it tasted like a bad sweet n sour mix. I sent it back and asked for their berry mojito. That was just as bad. It had 2 black berris in it. Again no muddled mint or even muddled berries. It was bad! I didn't even want to send it back again because I knew it was going to come back horrible. By the time the food came out everyone was pretty hungry. However that became an even bigger issue. Half of the tables food was just warm. Not even hot! So my friend caught the waitress and asked her to warm up her cheese crisp, and pointed out that half the tables food was cold. The waitress said she'd have a new one made for her and sent the manger over. He came over and she stressed that half the tables food was cold and was very dissatisfied. He apologized and said he'd take care of it. They brought her out a new plate, everyone else sat there and waited with cold food in front of them. After about 10 min of waiting, my boyfriend caught the waitress and expressed his unhappiness with her service and then expressed his dissatisfaction with the food being cold, she specifically said that everyone's food was being remade. After waiting another good 10 min he caught the manger and asked where the food was. The manner has no idea what he was talking about, and said he never promised to remake food. At that point my boyfriend was furious. He stated how is it they would remake one person's food, but not the rest when they were specially pointed out too. Also how could they possibly send out like warm food when the restaurant was empty! The manager had no explanation. A complete waste of time. I will never be venturing back to Blanco tacos. The food was mediocre. The rice was full of butter, no other flavor, it felt like I was eating a stick of it. The charro beans had no flavor. A complete let down from Fox restaurant concepts.
2	The food here is mediocre at best.  For the price of this place, I'm expecting authentic Mexican cuisine.  What I got?  A plate full of over-salted meat.  I've tried this place 3 times now, trying to give it a fair chance, but I just don't have anything nice to say about it.  They obviously aren't familiar with cooking Mexican cuisine because I got no hints of herbs and spices typically used.  Everything is over-salted to make up for the bland food.  I walked away each time with a throbbing headache from the mass amounts of salt I consumed.  I think that because this place is sandwiched within the Biltmore shopping center, people think the place is good.  But trust me, you're better off saving your money and finding somewhere better to eat.
2	45 min wait for pork tacos ... Went there With my friend for a quick bite... Even though the place was not busy at all, service was Very slow and the food took a Very long time.Flavor was nothing special.For sure we won't go back.
3	My lunch at Blanco had its ups and downs. My aunt and I met at the mall for lunch here and I was so excited for Mexican food! It was a good crowd for a weekday lunch but they earned some points for accommodating our request for a booth. They brought us chips and salsa right away, which is always excellent. Unfortunately, there was a miscommunication with our guacamole order, so it came out about 20 minutes after we ordered and about 5 minutes before our lunch entrees were delivered. I was disappointed with the guacamole; it had very little flavor and could have benefited from a healthy dose of salt and lots more cilantro. My meal, though, was excellent. I got the green poblano pork burrito, which had the most tender, moist, and flavorful pork I have ever had. There wasn't much else in the burrito, but that was fine with me. Yes, as another reviewer pointed out, the main flavor of the rice is butter, but it is abated nicely when eaten with the black beans on the side.The food was inconsistent and the service was only ok. I would probably try another restaurant at this mall before repeating at Blanco, but I would definitely order that pork burrito from there again!
5	I are here last week for lunch and thought it was excellent. I had the chicken mole and guacamole side. Really enjoyed the regional take on the mole and the guacamole was really really good. Service was excellent. Can't think of a single reason to rate this down.
5	I have eaten here a couple of times in the last month...once for dinner and once for lunch. Both times the food was very good - we especially liked the guacamole and chips !I had the braised tacos for dinner and the green pork enchilada for lunch and would recommend either one.There is a very nice manager ( his name is Daniel ) that was so helpful and he stopped by to check on us a couple of times...it seemed like the wait staff enjoyed working with him and the place was high energy and fun !
5	Excellent service. Delicious house made chips and tortillas. Tried the Mexican corn- yum. Sampled the BBQ pork tacos and fish tacos on corn and flour tortillas respectively- would recommend both. Our server was extremely attentive. Will be back. Have not been disappointed with any Fox restaurants.  Very welcoming decor. Great lunch or dinner stop when near the Biltmore.
4	Came here for happy hour on a Friday afternoon. Glad we went around 4:30ish because it definitely picked up when we're there!First, their happy hour is really good! 50% off starters and margaritas and well cocktails..now did it make me happy? Not when I got the check...but I'll get to that later.We ordered the warm queso blanco and cheese quesadilla..(which I thought we ordered the chicken quesadilla...but we'll get to that later too) and a Moscow Mule and Pineapple Daly. We asked our waitress if the Moscow Mule counted as a well cocktail, and she said yes, it'll be 50% off.The chips and salsa were so good!! The salsa has a spicy kick to it, and got spicier towards the end of the meal. The cheese dip was sooo good too!!! For $1.50?! Yes! Our cheese quesadilla arrived at the same time, and I said, "I thought we ordered the chicken quesadilla." My boyfriend said he ordered the cheese quesadilla, so I was like oh okay. The guy who delivered it (who seems to be the manager/owner?) said, and with a smile, that he would switch it for us because he wanted to make our order right! We were totally fine with the cheese quesadilla though, so we didn't have him change it. Then a little later, he comes back with a side of braised chicken so we can have the best of both worlds! WOW! So nice of him! And glad we tried the quesadilla with the chicken, because it's so good!!!The place was very nice and lively, and my boyfriend ended up getting 3 moscow mules because he's happppy! Well, then the check came. I noticed that my Pineapple Daly was not on happy hour...my bad because I mistook signature cocktails as well cocktails. In my opinion though, since we ordered everything else from happy hour...our waitress should of mentioned that my drink wasn't 50% off. But in the end, it's my bad. Oh side note, the Pineapple Daly wasn't that good. Can definitely taste the pineapple juice...eh. The Moscow Mules though, were $6 each..we asked the waitress, and she said it's 50% on the well vodka, which makes it $3.75, and there's an upcharge of $2.25 for the ginger beer and other stuff. Like what? The lime juice? Really disappointed in that...does not make sense at all....She said it's 50% well cocktails...not 50% well vodka and then an upcharge of everything else. Well that was a sad way to end our time there. But anyways...besides that, everything else was enjoyable!! Would definitely go back...this time without any drinks.
4	I met with my dinner group there tonight.  It was selected by a gal who frequents it. There were 5 in our group. We started with the delicious blood orange margarita's that the server recommended and they were delicious. We enjoyed chips, salsa, and the fresh guacamole as the appetizer. I ordered the short rib tacos, and others ordered enchiladas, fish tacos, and grilled fish. The sides were beans and rice.  Our service was outstanding with refills given frequently. The atmosphere was modern and comfortable. I would definitely go again and would recommend to others.
5	The best Spanish food and margaritas I have ever had! The atmosphere is very fun, reasonable prices, creative flare of Spanish dishes that are to die for. I had the cheese crisps (large Mexican pizza) and want to go back already! The service and staff are just the lime on the perfect margarita to a fabulous dining experience!
4	One of the best burritio I've ever had.  That's high praise, I know.  The short rib meat was fantastic and the burrito construction was just perfect.  It wasn't bursting at the seams but it was well filled and balanced.  Now, your main complaint might be "Mike - it was $13 for that burrito."  I hear you...it is expensive but then again, you probably will eat $8 in chips and salsa before you get that burrito.  Throw in the delicious rice and beans side it comes with and you're getting a fair price.  I've also had the crips (think mexican pizza) and the enchiladas.  Both were very good but I'll be sticking with burritos in the future.  Additionally they have a good happy hour M-F with 1/2 price apps.  The guac is definitely worth ordering.
4	Went here w/ a group of ladies for lunch. Free chips/salsa are provided and the ladies ordered their blanco queso, which was just OK.I had the shrimp/crab ceviche which was amazing! I tried my friend's street corn, which was also very yummy!A couple things on our order came out wrong,  but the waitress was nice and quick to make it right.
5	Hellooooo shrimp tacos!!!!  All I can say is wow.  The food is amazing and the chips and salsa are as good as I have ever had.I am a big fan of the Scottsdale location primarily because of the patio and fire pits.My wife and I go often and enjoy freshly squeezed margs and salty dogs.Highly recommend a visit.
1	Looking for good tacos? Then look elsewhere. The meat is bland and very dry, the fish & chicken, super bland. Some may find this place as OK as long as they have never had really good tacos or Mexican food before.  If your idea of Mexican food is The likes of Taco Bell or the drive thru taco/burro shop, then this place may be your step up. If you know and like real Mexican food because this this is Arizona & all, you will be very disappointed with the food at Blanco.
1	The best way to describe Blanco Tacos without the risk of insult is to say it is a white boys Mexican restaurant. The food was lacking in flavor and very dry. We started with the Nachos con queso with short ribs, and the meat was tasty, but everything was wrong. There was no sauce on it only black beans, chunks of bland cheese pretending to be crema fresca, and a few cubes of avocados. Two minutes after the Nachos arrived our entrees were delivered. I ordered the tacos believing if it's in the name of the restaurant they must be good, boy was I wrong. I ordered two traditional carnitas tacos, and one crispy shrimp taco. I had to doctor up both versions by adding tomatillo salsa and limes. The carnitas was very bland and lukewarm. Rubio's had a much better discontinued carnitas taco. The crispy shrimp taco wasn't crispy at all, it tasted like reheated frozen shrimp you buy at a grocery store. It came with pickled onions and Fresno chili, both flavorless. And sadly on the way home the shrimp wanted one last chance at freedom and erupted all over the side of the road. My boyfriend ordered the Green Chili Pork burrito enchilada style (smothered in green sauce, which oddly enough wasn't even green) he wasn't impressed at all with the overall appearance/taste/experience. Not to mention, the rice is actually a sweet corn rice mix which they failed to list on the menu, and the Charro beans tasted like dirt. I gave them One last chance to seduce me by ordering the sopapillas with local honey. Sadly, they were dense and stacked like a dessert jenga, so you have to use your fingers to catch them as they topple over with every try. In my opinion I would bypass this restaurant and go to Filibertos, it's honestly much more of a decent Mexican restaurant then Blancos will ever be.
5	Amazing tacos, Amazing atmosphere, Amazing service!
2	They have a good HH menu. Half off margaritas and well drinks, and a few options for starters. I got the skinny margarita and my friend got the classic. Both of us had to send them back because they were so hard to drink. I understand that they use fresh lime juice to make these, but I'm not kidding when I say I left there with the beginnings of a canker sore in my mouth due to the high acidity of that margarita. And my friend needed alka seltzer after we left from getting an upset stomach. Wish they had wine on their HH, I would have opted for that instead. On a positive note, they have a great salsa and good atmosphere. The manager did try to help us remedy the margarita issue by getting more agave added, but they were still nearly undrinkable. I'll Probably go back at some point for a small bite off the HH menu, but will be avoiding the margaritas.
5	I love this place.  Their tacos are to die for!  Everytime I go, I get the Carnitas, BBQ Pork and Short Rib tacos as a combo and I am not even a big fan of pork, or tacos!  Sooo delicious.  I am also a huge fan of their skinny margaritas.  I don't really like sweet drinks and these margaritas tickle my sour fancy!
4	I love Blanco Tacos and Tequila in Scottsdale for their fresh ingredient menu as well as the outside firepits and patio! Now that there is a Blanco at Biltmore,  I was anxious to see how this location fared against the Scottsdale one. I was not let down. My best friend., Jeran and I decided Blanco was perfect during some impulsive shopping in Biltmore Fashion Park and we noticed, NOT only was it Taco Tuesday, BUT, it was happy hour!! Double win! We started with freshly made margaritas and the Blanco's Famous freshly made guacamole off the half off happy hour menu. HALF OFF!!! You can't go wrong with a margarita, guac, and gossip on a hot summer day in the desert!   I am blown away by the quantity of tequila choices at Blanco. From blanco to anejo to reposado to ultra tequilas, and even a couple of mezcals for the super brave! There are more than fifty plus types of tequila to line up with your salt and lime. Impressive! I had not ever paid attention to all the variety before and it's important for any place highlighting 'tequila' in it's title. If it were a weekend night , this would be one place to begin , or end the fun. Because we all know what tequila does !?Our waiter was very helpful in suggesting what tequila to match our tastes and for our choice of margaritas.The margaritas on the menu are 'built' with a certain tequila, but you are able to change them up, if you would like. Good to know!  He also kept us hydrated with never allowing our h2o to go beyond half empty ... Or half full? I opted for the White Peach and Hibiscus margarita and my buddy stuck with his usual , the  Classic marg. Yum with a caramba! Thank Jose we had more shopping at Biltmore to do, as that libation went down way too fast and too smoothly...  As far as food, I had the Seafood Salad. Full of fresh veggies and jicama;   I added grilled shrimp to it, as well. Not heavy on the dressing, and it honestly didn't need it with as loaded and tasty as the salad was. Perfect!  Jeran had a Carne Asada Burrito, which I swear he was so picky in ordering, I can't remember what he ended up with, (or maybe that was the tequila again?) ; But when it arrived, he was happy!   The waiter, again, never missed a beat and we both walked away with NO tacos on Tuesday , ( I think it's original  reason we wanted Blanco on this day??!) again... Tequila ! But we did walk away to shop tipsy ...full and happy! Yay! Hasta luego Blanco .. Until we meet again! Maybe for that Taco Tuesday??
4	Great beer, food and tequila with excellence service and plenty of TVs for watching sports. We found this place to be underrated.
4	Quite honestly, I've never been as enamored by the Fox restaurants as other seem to be. I mean, I like them, and I've never had a bad experience at one, but I just don't go as crazy for them as others seem to. The first time I went to Blanco Tacos (the Scottsdale location) I didn't like it at all. All I remember was having a bland over-priced quesadilla that left me with no real desire to come back,Well, a friend from out of town was staying in this area for work so I met them for HH here. Honestly, that might be the reason I had a pretty positive experience. If you knock a few bucks off drinks and apps during the early evening hours I'm generally pretty happy. I had a couple margs and they were good. Nothing necessarily stood out about them, but they were a little more on the strong side & not real sweet so I was happy. We split some apps as well. Again, everything was good, but nothing really stood out. We had guacamole & the queso blanco dip. I have to say, I REALLY like the standard salsa they the give you, It has a bit of kick, but is still tasty. At the end of the day Blanco has a solid HH that I'd come back to. I should note that they are strict about the cut-off time. We ordered a round of margs, like, right after 6 (honestly, I'm pretty sure we got them right at 6) and were charged full price on them. We didn't say anything, and it wasn't a big deal, but I just thought it should be noted.
4	We were fans of the Scottsdale location and now we go to the Biltmore Blanco at least once a month...My kids don't eat Mexican but they have burgers and fries in the kids menu so that takes care of that (I know, leave them home, right?).Love, love, LOVE the shrimp cheese crisp with grilled corn to start.  The chips and salsa are perfect because my hubbie and I both enjoy it (rarely do we agree on salsa; this has more of a smoky flavor than spicy).And I've now tried every style of street taco and I love them all so I just close my eyes and choose 3 different ones each visit; they never disappoint.  You can mix it up with sweet, smoky and spicy--all great and not too filling.My only complaint is the somewhat high prices and sometimes slow bar service...
4	Enchilada are amazing. Shrimp tacos are great as we'll. Cool atmosphere and nice wait staff. Will be back
1	So disappointed with my experience here today... Or lack thereof. I wanted to grab a bite and a drink between shopping locales and went to stop in here around 12:45. The place had slowed from the lunch hour and yet nobody was available to greet me when I walked in. Stood there to be seated. Got tired and walked up to the bartender and asked if I could seat myself on the bar patio. I was told no, that I have to wait for a hostess to seat me. Wait some more. Hostess finally comes and seats me. And then I start waiting some more. Nobody bothered to come serve me so I left. Believe me. I do not normally do negative reviews. Most of my reviews are glowing. But I was so incredibly disheartened by the service I received that I cannot even come to give Blanco more than one star. If I check this place out in the future and the service improves, I am happy to improve the rating. But now, just so so disappointed.I've been to the other Blanco locations before and loved the experience. I wish this experience was different...
4	All the food is so good! Margaritas are really tasty too and our waitress was kind and information. Its kind of pricey though. So definitely a splurge place.
4	What great service. Our waitress Christie was on top of it. It was our first time at any Blanco location, not only did she take the time to go over the menu, she was made aware that one of us had a glutten allergy and educated us on what options would best suit our needs. She was timely, friendly and up beat. The restaurant itself seemed great. We chose to sit outside and enjoyed happy hour margaritas (what a great value). We both had street tacos, I had the "Award winning" bbq beef and my partner had the fish. We both thought our dishes were great. The side of street corn was absolutely to die for. Of course it being a Sam Fox restaurant the decor was lovely and everyone was super hip. I'd recommend it to anyone looking for great service, contemporary mexican and a great margarita.
5	One of my favorite Mexican restaurants.  Fusion.  Quesadilla, enchiladas, margaritas, service all excellent.  Thanks you for doing a great job.
2	Blanco Tacos seems like a great place to enjoy happy hour ... inviting bar that allows you to sit outdoors or indoors, great happy hour prices for both drinks and food... And then there is reality.I sat down and the bar and was greeted by the bartender, who offered me a dinner menu, asked what I wanted to drink, and asked if I wanted chips and salsa. I ordered a beer in an unfrosted glass, and said I would love some chips and salsa. The beer came as promised. Props for having Torpedo on tap. Another couple sat down next to me, were greeted by a bartender, offered the happy hour menu, drink specials, and chips and salsa. The other bartender then came over to me and offered me the happy hour menu when there were now six minutes before the end of happy hour.  And she asked if I wanted chips and salsa. The first bartender came back over, and I ordered one of each of the happy hour tacos, and asked if I wanted chips and salsa. Third times the charm right? Wrong...I did get my happy hour tacos, a second beer at happy hour prices even though the hand had swung past the witching hour but never received chips and salsa. The tacos were very good. Hand made corn tortillas, great fillings. I especially liked the beef with the chipotle. And the carnitas with the salsa verde were very good too. In the restaurant industry, attention to detail is what is important. I do not fault the bartenders. They were personable, gracious, and truly represented the business well. I fault the management of this location. You never allow your staff to become this sloppy.
4	Made my debut here for happy Hour with a group. Great deals with most all drinks and appetizers half price. The blood orange margarita was about 4 bucks and it is made with all fresh juices which is a huge bonus especially at that price. I guess I could have ordered food, but the chips and salsa were free and bountiful. Salsa was average, no spice, but chips were fresh and crisp. The patio was nice as well. The only caveat is this is part of that Sam Fox empire, the restaurant king of Phoenix, so if you don't feel like greasing his already deep pockets (14 places or so), head elsewhere.
3	The music of Coach Taylor was amazing!  Food was good.   Wait staff was blah.   A simple hello, smile, or thank you would have went a long way.  Would come back for the music but the wait staff is definitely affecting my decision.
4	My girlfriend and I were seated right away on a Friday night around 6:30pm. We opted to sit outside on the patio. One section was reserved for a large party so I was surprised that we were able to get a table so quick. Inside was pretty packed and there was some live music going on near the entrance.Our server was very attentive and gave a lot of great suggestions. We ordered a carafe of sangria (red) which was $18. Excellent deal. We probably got about 4 glasses out of it as the ice melted, but it never tasted watered down. Fruity but not too sweet.I ordered the cheese enchiladas and she ordered the pork burrito. We both had black beans and rice. The enchiladas come flat, in a cast iron skillet. My dish was perfect - saucy, just enough spice, consistent cheese all of the way through. The rice was a little more wet than I prefer but my dinner date enjoyed it. She ordered her burrito enchilada style with green sauce. The only downside was that the pork was a little too salty but she enjoyed it anyway.Drinks, two entrees, complimentary chips and salsa (awesome salsa, btw) - $45. There is a window near the courtyard for tacos and possibly some other easy options which I want to check out. We'll definitely be back.
4	Pros-Always seated quicklyFood is great - 5 stars for food Price point is very good - you definitely get your money's worthCons -Depending on who you get the servers are often very slow, disorganized, nonchalant ~ such a shame!
5	Another Fox hit!! The new happy hour menu is amazing. Their classic margarita is the perfect match to any of their menu choices. I'm favorable to the ceviche and any of their tacos... Yes, ALL of the tacos are great! They are tiny street tacos but I'm a fan of variety, so they work perfectly with my appetite. Go eat at the bar, if you can find a spot. The service there is incredible and always on point. The indoor/outdoor feel is also a plus.  I WILL be back.
5	Offered to make it right when I had a problem so I can't complain. Good food, good atmosphere and hopefully they are working in customer service.
5	Great food! - Appetizers and entrees. Cabin a business luncheon so it's great for large groups.
4	The staff was very friendly and they went above and beyond to find my friend and I a seat. Great music and friendly atmosphere. .
5	It was my first time at this restaurant and the staff were very welcoming. The tables and seats were very clean which is rare in some other places. The food is great!! I love their grilled corn I would definitely recommend them. I had the shrimp, chicken, and carne asada tacos each one was better than the other. The shrimp and crab ceviche was also excellent. Overall, great experience and I will be back again soon.
4	It was nice.  Biltmore on a winter Sat PM before X Mas.Popped in (TWSS), had the shrimp/crab cerviche....Tasty, fresh.  Had the soup, tortilla soup.  It was good, wish it came out a little hotter though.  Have this thing about soup, it should come out with steam on it (TWSS).Decent chips, nice place.  Wanted a churro (TWSS) but decided against it.I'd go back, would like try the margaritas.  Not bad at all, but NOT GREAT!!!!!
5	My first experience with Blanco was actually at a little one in the airport that I ate at on my way home from Phoenix. I fell in love with my food, especially the rice! Now that I've moved to AZ I make sure to keep Blanco in my restaurant rotation.The atmosphere is really fun, perfect for date night. Great design, lighting, and layout. The drinks are good and they actually have some really interesting vegetarian options on the menu. Last month I got mushroom tacos that were fabulous!Being a 20something who works, I tend to eat later than most people and usually my boyfriend and I just go to the bar. The place is often busy so if you want to go around super time don't be surprised if there is a wait. Just go, order some guac and a marg and enjoy the setting!
4	Very happy with our meal here! Sitting outside in December is a whole new world for us! Walked in and immediately greeted by the hostess. Offered an outside table if we wanted which sounded like a great & different idea for us in December! Chips and Salsa right away! Awesome Chips, Salsa was boring and not chunky like I prefer. Awesome and helpful waitress that was very attentive, offered to explain the menu in full, but we pretty knew what we wanted! Started off with a Happy Hour Dip Trio(Charro Beans, Queso, Guacamole) and I went for a $5 H-H Classic Margarita on the Rocks and my wife went for the $5 H-H Mixed Berry Margarita. We were even asked; Salt, Sugar, or Nothing on the Rim! The Dip Trio was yummy, standout being the Guacamole. Super fresh! Beans were nice and creamy with tiny little pieces of bacon, Queso was a tasty addition as well. Margaritas were great as well! Mine was just a perfect example of a Classic, wife's had a nice, but not overwhelming Berry Flavor! We also ordered the Shrimp and Crab Ceviche which was very simple, yet divine. Most places simply over do the Citrus, not the case here. It was present, but didn't dominate the dish. Awesome shrimp and crab pieces in there! Moving on to our actual meal. My wife went for the Chipotle Shrimp Tacos with black beans. Again, perfect Shrimp, nice flavor, awesome Tortillas!(More than likely homemade) I went for some goodies from the H-H Menu; Beef Taco, Pork Taco, BBQ Pork Torta(Think Big Slider Size) Every thing was great as expected! BBQ Pork was tender with great BBQ flavor and a little heat. Beef and Pork Tacos shared the same tenderness with lots of flavor! $3 Happy Hour Tacos(BIG) and $4 Happy Hour Torta! M-F 4p-6pAs you can see, YES we ordered a lot of food! And pretty much ate it all short of some of the beans and chips! A place that we will definitely go back to in the future when we're in the mood for more of a sit-down type of Mexican Dinner!
5	We were staying at the Biltmore and decided to walk around the Biltmore Fashion Square.  Decided to have lunch at Blanco Tacos & Tequila. Food:  DELICIOUS!   Everything had amazing flavors.  You can tell they spend a lot time putting TLC I to all these dishes! I had the Chicken and Poblano Pizza. My husband had the street tacos.  All the flavors were awesome!!SERVICE:  Excellent!! From hostess, server to manager.  Our server was great!  Very friendly and informative. The manager, Cricket, was absolutely exceptional!  She is super genuinely nice!! We even chatted for awhile.  PRICE:  Reasonable AMBIANCE:  Very fun, Latina music, clean, friendly, casual.I would highly recommend you to try it! I am a foodie and a cook so trust me when I say the food is great and service was exceptionally great!!Will definitely return!! :)
5	The entire staff is friendly and courteous.  Food has it all...flavor, uniqueness and great presentation.  Drinks are made to perfection every time.  Whatever you do, do not pass on the rice, trust me.  Great comfortable patio areas.  I will become a regular for sure.Cheers!
5	Wow! Blanco Taco is awesome!  The Pro Athlete Chamber of Commerce had its first chapter meeting here and Cricket the general manager treated us like royalty. The downstairs party room they have is amazing.  The staff is excellent.  Food was delicious. 2 big thumbs up for this establishment!
