5	I feel like a million bucks, today after waking up after a big party that lasted till the wee hours, I needed a good breakfast but need to be in a bathing suit on monday...so...here is Sunrise Cafe...right up the street and open and willing to serve breakfast at noon. I really couldn't ask for anything better. I ordered a FUZE drink and a power wrap on whole wheat, Chicken, egg whites, salsa, and Swiss cheese. SO YUMMY!! I did get the potatoes instead of fruit, (I have to be a little bad right??) It was under ten dollars and they have super nice staff, a bright room that needs big sunglasses if your there for a weekend brunch and amazing healthy food!!I'm hooked and will be there weekly! Thank you!!!
5	My favorite breakfast place in Vegas. A total mom and pap shop....I only wish it was open later!!
4	I enjoy this place because it's a typical breakfast joint without the Denny's feel. good food and friendly service. Try to avoid the morning rush though.
5	healthiest breakfast place and it's all around ten dollars.  get the garden of eden.  sprouts, avocado, and all the goodies.I mean you don't need to be a health nut but, who wants to consume 1000 calories for breakfast.  Not me...
4	When Hash House is just too far away,  too much money and too much food.  This is your healthy alternative.  Whereas Hash House is that cute girl you spend too much money on,  this place is like the loyal girl next door thats always there for you,  but easy to take for granted.Luckily Ive realized my folly and always make a stop when I am back in town.  A very diverse menu,  but you can make your own breakfast and its not a problem-UNLIKE other places where a custom order brings that underhanded chain of sighs from the server to the first line cook all the way down until it ends back up on your table.  Now it feels like your custom order is weighed down with a little extra guilt or sarcasm. Back to the lecture at hand,  I highly recommend this place when you want a break from the usual breakfast joints,  the buffets and want something REAL.   Come with friends,  the coffee is always topped off and you'll walk away wondering why you didn't come any sooner.
5	Where do I start.  My girlfriend and I are regulars here.  The food is healthy, fresh and full of flavor.  I really like to get up on saturday or sunday, and go there before I start my day.  The food doesn't make you feel lethargic or weigh you down.  Steve "O" is the best server, but everyone is great as well.  It is owned by a husband and wife, and they make sure everything is perfect.  They always have time in their hectic schedule to stop and say hi to you.  Highly recommend!!
4	One of My favorite places for breakfast in Vegas, had a bacon burger for the first time and it was really good on a pretzel roll, BUT  the whole family was sick the next day and that was the only thing we ate all day, NOT sure if they were the cause since we all had something different, and I will still go back, again and again. :)
4	Great menu options.
5	This place is GREAT!!!  Service is spot-on, people are friendly and remember you, and most important of all-the food is excellent!!  Prices are very reasonable, and portions are generous.  There's a wonderful selection to choose from here, and everyone I have brought here has loved it.  Everything is spotless, and people are happy to work here.  What more could you want!?!?!
3	We both decided on eggs Benedict served open faced on a bagel with a side of fresh fruit.  The eggs were slightly overdone, but the Hollandaise sauce was a winner.  We also appreciated the option of having either the fruit cup or hash browns.  Service was very good.
5	A great breakfast/lunch place. I'm a big fan of the Garden of Eden omelet. They actually make most of their omelets with egg whites and great fresh adds not to mention they don't bathe their food in oil. The service was spectacularly friendly even though they were hella busy and seem to stay that way so you'd probably be safe to say you may wait a bit.
5	This place is great. I'm a chef in Las Vegas and I know how hard it is to do breakfast well. They do it very very well! Food is healthy, flavorful and the staff and owners are top notch.
2	OVERRATED & PLENTY OF GREAT ALTERNATIVESAfter reading the many favorable reviews for The Original Sunrise Cafe we were looking forward to checking this place out. The comparison to the Hash House A Go-Go, one of our favorite breakfast joints in town, really had our juices flowing. The Garden of Eden omelet sounded enticing to my girlfriend and the Pretzel Sunrise Burger is one of those interesting menu items that I just can't keep from ordering.I'm sad to report that The Original Sunrise Cafe did not live up to the expectation. We arrived just before 9 am on a Saturday and there were still a few tables open, so we didn't have to wait. The hostess was very pleasant and put us in a decent table. The menu was varied and as original as a breakfast menu can get. Our food was prepared very quickly and brought to us without delay. That's the good part.To begin with, our waiter didn't seem like he wanted to be there. He was not rude to us, but it seemed that whatever he was doing the night before was interrupted by this work-thing that he had to get up for. The Garden of Eden omelet was mediocre. The eggs were fully cooked but the veggies weren't drained very well and this resulted in a watery substance that oozed onto the whole plate. This made the texture of the omelet less than desirable. While my GF was happy that she had the option of fruit instead of a starch, it certainly didn't seem to be freshly prepared. It more seemed that they picked up a fruit bowl at Smiths or Vons and used that. Her bagel was fine, but it was a plain sesame bagel and there wasn't much of a choice. The bagels at The Cracked Egg are better, of a more firm texture, not the lighter bready kind.My Sunrise Pretzel Burger was a disappointment. I LOVE soft pretzels and really love sandwiches made on them. This was more of a bread that resembled a pretzel than actually being a big soft pretzel. The worst part, however, was the burger. Not only did it seem to be a prepared burger (where the restaurant receives it cooked and they basically reheat it), but it didn't seem to be all meat/beef. It was that fine texture indicitive of filler. I ate half and took half home, but I honestly don't know if I'll eat it as leftovers (I LOVE leftovers as much as I love pretzels!)There is no comparison to the Hash House A Go-Go and if you are willing or able to drive over to that part of the town it is well worth the effort. For a better alternative closer to this place, I'd recommend the Cracked Egg on Green Valley just north of the 215.
4	This is not the place you go for a greasy breakfast . It's the organicfreerangelocallygrownsustainable kind of place, sort of. It was good and not expensive and the service was efficient. Definetly a locals place off the strip.
5	Another "Mom and Pop" place we need to support.  Great food and great staff!  Amity and I love this place....  -mike
4	I have to differ from most of the reviews here, I think the only thing this place needs to change is the orange juice hence my minus one star. Didn't try the coffee yet but they need FRESH squeezed OJ it tastes like tang whatever they are using.The staff is great, very casual and sweet. All throughout the morning and afternoon this place is packed with couples, friends, and students sipping coffee and eating healthy but delicious food.I think this is one of my favorite breakfast places, I love the Jacob's platter, I dig any breakfast that includes a bagel & cream cheese along with hash browns and three kinds of meat. The boy enjoyed a egg Benedict over a bagel with Canadian bacon. Both awesome!
4	i come here for sunday morning breakfast.  the food is good, service is hit or miss depending on what server you get,  they need to have a more consistent service.  the food is always good,  not the best breakfast in town, but the place has small town charm, which makes up for alot in this town.  wish they had real plates, not that plastic melamine stuff,  and the prices are very fair,  alot cheaper then alot of other places. check it out!!!
4	After a late night out, there are only a couple things that can motivate me to roll out of bed -- Sunrise Cafe being one of them. I consider myself a vegetable freak and this is one of the rare breakfast places where you can find genuinely good veggies in a lot of the main entrees. The omelettes are praise worthy and although the Garden of Eden could be tempting for you health enthusiasts I would recommend the Davezilla. The veg-overload in the Garden of Eden is hardcore for even me but the Davezilla is still healthy with some spice to offset the bland. I have never been disappointed with the create your own salad and whenever anyone at my table gets the signature muffin I hear about it for the rest of the meal. They look delicious and always come out piping hot! If one of my friends was writing this they would rave for hours.... Maybe I should just try one?!If you don't get there early there could be a wait but nothing unbearable. I love the outdoor seating and I think it's great that they have a mini 'treasure chest" for kids to pick a treat out of.Overall, I LOVE THIS PLACE! I have yet to find a breakfast place that can top it.
5	BEST PLACE EVER!!!!!!!The most friendly and amazing service!!! I would drive all the way from New York just to eat here!! If you are ever in need of a GREAT breakfast and lunch place, this is the place to go!!!!!!!!!!And the best part is you have a choice to eat healthy there too!!! Also EVERYTHING on the menu is amazing looking and tasting! I have never found a better restaurant yet!! This is my FAVORITE!!!!!!!!!!!
5	We decided to eat off the strip for most of our meals, and Yelp brought us here for breakfast.  It was great!  Reasonable prices for good sized portions of well made, fresh food.  It's not glitzy, but that's the charm, it's run by a guy who cares and he spreads that philosophy to his staff.  Our coffee cups were never empty, and our bellies were full.  I had the Jacob slam (or something like that), and it was delicious; my eggs were perfectly done.  I can't tell you the times I order "over hard" and get a runny mess.  This was just right.  It came with a small fruit bowl (or potatoes), bagel, sausage patty, canadian bacon, and strip bacon, all of which were cooked just right.  We had some really average, or below average food in Vegas, and we didn't expect that one of our best meals would be at this unassuming cafe in a strip mall.  I recommend coming here for a breakfast in a pleasant environment, that wont cost you much, and the food is good!
5	THIS PLACE IS THE BEST! If you are EVER nearby you MUST go to this place!!!!!!! It is the greatest breakfast place in Las Vegas!
5	so good! Went there this Friday. The Veggie Benedict was so good. The hollandise sauce on there is a heart attack waiting to happen, but definitely worth it! haha! soooo tasty. The Garden of Eden egg white omelett my BF had was so good too. And all reasonably priced. I want to go back there now!
4	When you need to get off the strip its worth the drive. Food was tasty, fresh and fast. Many Vegetarian options and friendly staff
4	After a quick visit from the Fresh 52 farmer's market (http://www.yelp.com/events/las-vegas-fresh52-farmers-and-artisan-market-2), we saw this poppin' breakfast joint in our quest for our morning cup of joes. I'm impressed this place was so busy considering the stiff competition of dining on Eastern, Henderson. This is a solid 4 Star breakfast/lunch joint that offers a diverse portfolio of eggs, sandwiches, meats and potatoes. This place is very unique in that egg whites seemed to be the preferred favorites. Right away I feel like this is a health conscious diner. I ordered the Jacob's platter and I must say that you definitely get the best bang for your buck with this item. I'm a man of variety so I do love the option of getting everything I want on a dish without the pesky additional charges. Poached eggs, home potatoes hash, jalepeno bacon, Canadian bacon, sausage patty, silver dollar pancakes, and a cinnamon bagel and cream cheese on the side for $8.99! Throw in a fantastic staff that works well together and you have yourself a fantastic breakfast. So why not a 5 star? I'm a breakfast/brunch snob. My 5 star brunch needs everything to be home made. Their muffins, bread, bundt cake, toasts and jams are outsourced.  Minus one.
4	Busy as Sunrise Cafe was on a Sunday morning, the service was friendly and efficient and the food was fresh. I had the Garden of eden and my husband had the power breakfast.  More than half of their omelet choices are made with egg whites.   It has a homemade light, clean taste with no frills.  Their bread, biscuits and muffins are not homemade, which was a little bit of a disappointment.  The jam is just the little prepackaged stuff.  It's a nice neighborhood restaurant, but with nothing really drawing me here, I probably wouldn't make the drive to Henderson just to eat here.
4	Great service, friendly people, and good food.I had the vegetarian eggs benedict, and it was delicious. My boyfriend had the corned beef hash, which he was assured was homemade. However when he got it, he found out it was actually a mix of homemade and canned.But in spite of that one odd thing, it was all very tasty and we'd definitely go back.
4	Went over to Sam's Club with some friends of mine and decided to buy them breakfast, so we stopped at Sunrise.It was Saturday and of course crowded but we didn't have to wait. We were seated inside immediately. The service was great and we received our food fast and hot.I am an eggs Benedict nut and I love Sunrise's selection with their twist on this breakfast classic. My other favorite breakfast place is GVR 's Pancake house and I will have to say even though Sunrise isn't as fancy as Pancake house, their food is just as good with less of a wait.
3	Yet another strip mall restaurant that completely does not know how to arrange their shop, but that is neither here or there if the food is good. Before I entered I had heard good things about this place so was a bit put off but not unreasonably so. We were greeted and seated within a reasonable amount of time (it was like 11:00 am so I would hope so) and handed menus and placed a drink order that was filled immediately. So far so good.Like my quest for good Q, I have a thing for great pastrami. There are a few places in LV that do pastrami ok, but here was a cafe with one of the most unlikely sandwiches I could think of on the menu. They call it "The 215", (probably because the 215 freeway is a couple hundred yards away) and it is a pastrami, turkey, and slaw stack sandwich. Any of you Deli Heads recognize this recipe? It is the #11 at most deli's or what is known as "The Sky High". This is a good sandwich and from a pretty discriminating deli fan that is saying a lot. OK, it's not Canters Deli in LA, but it kinda reminds me of it. The only strange thing is they put it on a soft roll, not a Kaiser Roll, but then again, I have a feeling these people do not have a clue what real deli food is, they just got lucky. Look, they had crosses for sale and I am betting the place is owned by good Christians. Hey, no problem, just I am not seeing a lot of deli understanding, just good copying.My wife ordered a Feta Burger. Feta, spinach, a sauce and a burger on the same soft bun and my wife enjoyed it. Side were acceptable. Beverages (Iced Tea and Iced Coffee) were fresh and tasty. Service was attentive to the point of maybe being too attentive. (There is something to be said for not being asked if everything is ok every 4 minutes.)I would come back here again, but honestly I do not see what the rave is all about. If doing a respectable job and having respectable food is now a 4 and 5 star dining experience I think people need to learn to be a little tougher in their reviews. This is a solid 3 star place and places it on the "diners I would visit again" list. Heck i would even take friends there. 5 stars, no. 4 stars, not likely, but a solid 3 stars with confidence.---My wife and I had an interesting conversation about why things are served in a deli. Whether the owners of deli's know it or not there is a reason for what is on the table and what is served as sides. It all has to do with how they make the meal taste. Why are there pickles on the table at a deli? Simple, to cleanse your palette and open your taste buds to the spices to come. Why are all the side on a deli plate kind of creamy? Also simple, to knock out any strong spices in your mouth. It is almost the same idea when you eat Q actually. So, a bite of pickle, a bite of the sandwich and then a bite of the slaw (repeat) creates a great way of maintaining a great tasting meal instead of having the strong pepper (piper nigrum) of a good pastrami sandwich blow out your taste buds. These are Food 101 concepts, but it is surprising how few people understand them and apply them. It is easier to copy a menu than to grok it.
4	I come here about once a month and I always order the lox platter which is a bagel w/salmon & cream cheese,capers,tomatoes,onions.There are not alot of places in town I can order this but they do and its always fresh so I give 4 stars. The service sometimes can be slow so that can get as low as 2 stars but I come back for the lox..not the service.They also serve flavored coffee which I love.And there is outdoor seating for those nice Vegas mornings!
4	The food quality and portion size was awesome. The speed of getting seated left something to be desired. It seemed like there was always an empty table that sat open for 5+ minutes and there was a long line to be seated. We went on a Sarurday morning so I expected a wait. The server was good, not great and not bad especially considering how busy it was.
4	As long we are still talking about a place that serves comfort food at a quick service and inexpensive tab - Yeah, this place is awesome!I went for Sunday brunch so we expected the wait.  Was told 15 min but seated within 5-10.  There are so many variations of omelets and all looking very interesting.  The best part is that they serve mostly egg white omelets!  I ordered the Garden of Eden based on the waitress' recommendation and i was very happy with it.  It's a regular spot for people workout at the near by gym.  Almost makes me fee like I did something good for my body too :pThis place doesn't have the Vegas grime, which scores big for me.
4	The boyfriend and I decided to visit here after trying to decide where to eat for a late breakfast, early lunch. I've heard of Sunrise Cafe from a few people and we thought we'd pay them a visit. It was quite busy and people were waiting for tables outside. We wanted take-out so went straight to the cashier to order our food. I got the Garden of Eden omelette. It was an egg white omelette with mushrooms, black olives, red and green bellpeppers, and had avocado, alfalfa sprouts and pepper jack cheese to top it off. I thought it was very delicious. Never had black olives in an omelette before and it was good! I'm pretty olive crazy.. so I'd eat it with anything to be honest. It also came with potatoes, and wheat toast. My boyfriend got some roast beef dip sandwich with coleslaw. He initially said it looked small, which it did, but was actually pretty packed with meat. I didn't try it but it didn't look that great. Workers were friendly. The lady asked if we wanted water while we waited. We didn't really wait too long. Less than 10 mins and we were on our way.It sucks that breakfast is soooo expensive when you eat out. Sunrise Cafe & The Griddle are all like $9 for breakfast.. I sometimes don't even eat lunch for that price. OH well. Overall, the food and service is good. I will definitely return, but probably won't be returning back too often. I'll come back next time I have family or friends in and looking for a good place to eat some grub in the early AM.
2	After reading all the great reviews, my wife and I we're expecting much better than what we experienced. Nothing was bad, but nothing was great. Food was ok and service was the same. The menu descriptions are better than the food. Not enough to go back for.
3	I had the Pecan French Toast and my partner had the Garden of Eden omelet.  We enjoyed the food.  The facility was well done.  The service were somewhat subpar. We waited for a while for for our drinks and the check took forever to be cashed out.  The place gets annoyingly packed  during breakfast and brunch.  I will definitely go back there and try other menu offerings.
5	I've been eating here for over a year and finally had to give it a "yelp".  The food is delicious, the place is friendly and inviting, great staff including owners that actually work there, super clean and gives you the choice of being healthy or splurging.They have a semi open kitchen, which I like and I don't think there is even a microwave on the premises.lolI've been in Vegas 8 years and breakfast is my favorite meal so believe me when I say that they have the BEST breakfast in town!  Their banana pancakes are to DIE for and their Corned Beef Hash with basted eggs would make my Nana cry with happiness.  They also serve that unsweetened passion fruit Shangra La Iced Tea that's hard to find.  Their lunches are great too and everyone I've ever taken there has been a convert.Don't be scared off it there's a line.  They are always quick to get people seated.  And now that the weather's nice you can eat outside.  I've also seen people with their pets outside which is hella cool too.They are independently owned so patronize the entrepreneur not the corporate "man'!
2	Back for another splendid Sunday brunch review is Mike P and Ashley D!!!! We embarked for an adventure at the Original Sunrise Cafe as we were both starving and unable to use our restaurant.com certificate at Hash house on Sundays :(.... boo.  Anyway to the review:The Original Sunrise Cafe was packed! However, with good luck on our side we were seated in about five minutes.  The cafe had a nice vibe and was filled with people.  Fresh coffee was....well....Vegas cafe coffee; nuff said.  After a few glances around the menu we both noted how they covered several breakfast categories but only offered a small selection for each. We both decided on omelets and OSC offers egg white versions of every omelet.  I have to say that my omelet the Eggzilla (Egg whites, spinach, roasted peppers and salsa topped with sunrise garlic sauce and jack cheese) was pretty good.  Although, Ashley D's omelet was nothing to write home about; sadly.  Overall, for $8.99 they come with a bagel/toast on the side making it a decent deal.  I just think for the amount of breakfast/brunch locations you can do a little better.
4	I have to say, their Garden of Eden omelet is pure heaven.  We have been here two times and I recommend their omelets.  It was very good.  The alfalfa sprouts on top of the omelet was a nice touch.  If I can only make this thing at home.  That will be a real good recipe to have.  This was very tasty and the ingredients just tasted fresh.  The service today was top notch.
5	Top quality! The omelette are delish, the home fries are the best and the bagels are awesome!! Make sure to order a grilled blue berry muffin. There is usually a wait on the weekend but it goes quick and once you're seated you get your food quickly. They also usually have a flavored coffee. The staff is really nice and accommodating. A definite must on this side of town!
4	Had another great Lox platter here the other morning. The customer service was perfect that gets 5 stars. It is pricey was 15 bucks with tip but I love it so I keep coming back!
4	My new favorite breakfast restaurant.  Awesome food and service.  Order the lox/cream cheese on an anything bagel.  Delicious.  Good coffee.  Usually a wait on weekends.
4	My boyfriend introduced me to this wonderful quietly-popular restaurant. This place is always busy and for good reason. The people are friendly, the food is yummy and I like the environment.This place differs from the rest in a few ways: the eggs benedict are served on your choice of bagel or toast, as opposed to the traditional english muffin. It's interesting how they also offer bagels in place of toast.In addition to serving breakfast and lunch, they also have an extensive array of classic candy, soda, and other hard to find food items.
5	LOVE this place.  I have been going here for about 4 years,  Always good food and the staff is very nice. Good food at good prices. :)
4	We've been going here with our family since it opened. Our kids love it...and that's what counts. I see a lot of so-so experiences and I can see why...it can get quite busy especially in the morning on weekends. I'm not making an excuse for them and maybe they need to improve staffing on the weekends, but I believe you as customer should also speak up, instead of sitting there pissed off. Let yourself be heard, those guys running around are there for you...flag them down-you're allowed that. As a business i'm sure they are open to constructive criticism. You can't miss the place. They are on Eastern across from Moon Nursery. They are in the same lot as Yogurtland,  LVAC, Pho Saigon, and Starbucks. Plus you will see their bright orange SUNRISE on the building.The inside is big and clean. They have inside and outside seatings. If you have a large party, just call ahead and they will accommodate you. There is also have a breakfast bar towards the back of the restaurant if you don't want to sit at a table.We wished that they would open earlier but their hours are 7am to 3pm everyday. We come here so much that we don't look at the menu. We get seated and just order...it makes it easier for our server. We order the Traditional Sunrise with eggs & canadian bacon. Its a Sourdough french toast with banana's, maple syrup, & granola- It's ONO! They also have good fluffy blueberry pancakes. The banana cream pie pancakes are disgustingly good...it's a big order, enough to share with someone. The kids go for the ham and cheese omelette- it is what it is and the kids love it. If it wasn't good, trust me, they would say so. I've had the Dave-zilla- egg whites, spinach, sausage, & cheese. It's enough to fill you up without weighing you down. And when Im watching my girlish figure (usually before the winter holiday parties) I order it w/out cheese. We've also tried the Power Wrap-grilled chix, egg whites, & salsa, and the steak and egg wrap, both are very good. They also have salads (you can create your own), all kinds of wraps (breakfast, lunch, and healthy), burgers, and specialty sandwiches. They serve Shangri La iced T which is always a plus for us...the common lipton iced tea is nasty. You can also buy the Tea from them, as well as other stuff like, candy, protein shakes, and other drinks that they sell in their drinks display.We haven't gone their for anything but breakfast but you could order lunch items anytime. We'll have to try something from their lunch menu, but its tough because I love breakfast food!
4	I got the Fiesta Benedict, really tasty.  The Jalapeno bacon was yummo!  I'm definitely a fan of this place, the food was great, and service was just fine.
4	Recently moved to the area and my wife and I wanted to try a good brunch place nearby. This place seemed like a must try based on Yelp ratings and reviews. Place had a great family friendly atmosphere. We were seated right away but it did take a while for the food to be served.We love a good eggs benedict and they have several varieties. We got the plain one just to get a feel of what the food is like... without modifications. Nicely poached eggs, Canadian bacon, served on a bagel, with good hollandaise sauce. Overall slightly above average. The star of the meal was the banana pancake infused with banana, topped with fresh banana slices and generously smothered with walnuts. Perfect balance was achieved by adding syrup and the dulce de leche butter, which was unique and just delicious!The meal for two, with fresh OJ and coffee, cost approximately $25. We will definitely be back to try their offerings.
4	Very good, food and serviceCallie was awesome!Pleasantly suprizied
5	So good!  Great service, everyone was delightful; and excellent food.  The banana french toast was *perfect*.  Best brunch place I've been to in the area. A+.
4	Sunrise Tea Latte. However, I was informed by the manager (much to my dismay) that the corporate office has discontinued the African Sunrise tea. That is a huge bummer. The manager then recommended
4	the Californian omlet is MUST.  I have a hate love relationship with Sunrise - the staff is always in such a downer - especially the guys - especially the largest guy, so bad. the food is great here though. wish they offered english muffins
5	Thumbs up. Breakfast was fresh and yummy. My mom and I had eggs Benedict, my husband had the French toast and Dad had the oatmeal.  Next time we're in LV I'd like to go back here.
5	This place is AMAZING! I am a regular here with my sister or my boyfriend, depending on the weekend.I love the fact that they offer an abundance of healthy options for breakfast (like egg white omelets!) The food is consistently delicious and the service is always prompt and friendly. I'm a customer almost every weekend!And this place is ALWAYS busy - definitely a good sign.
4	Good food, competent staff.  Omelets made with egg whites so a little healthier then most.
5	The Californian omelette was a great healthy alternative for breakfast. I strongly recommend it.
4	I love this place! They have something on the menu for everyone; healthfood for the fit, waffles and pancakes for the kids, and superb omlets, bagels, and jalapeno bacon for the rest of us!
5	The absolute best breakfast in Las Vegas/ Henderson. This place service is AAA and food is amazing. No matter how busy they are the food comes out quick and hot every time. I have never had a bad meal or a wrong order. I have to say we go here at least once a weekend if not twice.
5	I think I will write this review to the Bee Gee's song Stayin Alive..."Well you can tell by the way I use my waddle I'm a breakfast man, no time to waffle.....Ah ha Ah ha, eatin egg whites, eatin egg whites...'Food - Love egg whites for those considering cholesterol!  They offer cottage cheese for those that love lean protein without the fat.  They have all sorts of normal food. You don't have to be on a diet, they just have a lot of health stuff.  Go for any of the breakfasts and not the other stuff.Service - The service is freakin awesome. I really like them all and they are all consistently top notch.Price - Very reasonable. Never, ever will I eat at IHOP, or Denny's again. This place is just the right place at the right price.Location - A bit busy at the 215 and Eastern near the LVAC.Feeling - Very nice place to eat, very comfortable, outdoor dining. Have dogs?  Bring them!End Result - Come on dudes and dudettes, gotta try this place for sure. You will never go franchise breakfast food again!
4	Long waits on weekends for some great breakfast foods served by great wait staff. Menu is deep and relatively cheap. Great place for a morning meal.
2	A friend highly recommended Sunrise Cafe. We visited for breakfast on a Saturday. The place was packed and we waited about 15 minutes for a table. My boyfriend loved his eggs, bacon, pancakes, what man wouldn't? My omelet was pretty good, nothing too special. I'm very picky about coffee so when I asked the server if their coffee was strong, he simply replied, "Uh, we use Lavazza". As it turns out you can screw up the brewing of Lavazza, because it was weak and awful, so sorry I bothered. We returned on another day for lunch. It was not busy at all, the service was not worth mentioning and the food was very average. Way too much $$ for a turkey sandwich. I doubt that I will go back. Ever.
5	It's beyond me how anyone can eat at this place and give it anything less than four stars! Its not "Buchon" or "SW"! the chef isn't going to come out and tell you what type of coffee or juice to pair with your eggs! They serve breakfast and lunch and they do a great job! The food is banging! Your probably not gonna find subtle hints of much, but there is always salt and pepper on the table and there more than willing to bring ketchup and hot sauce so you can add "subtle hints" till your hearts content!!! No gourmet coffee but with some cream and sugar or splenda wich I prefer, it's pretty good! Maybe I'm not a coffee guru but theirs meets my 2 priorities in coffee! Dark brown and hot! Look, the place is real cool, clean, and if there's ever a problem they will make it right!! I've had alot of the items on the menu and have always been very happy with my food! The staff is crazy friendly, Theres  usually not a long wait! And like I said they do what they do very, very well, great breakfast and lunch! My boys and I love this place!
5	I absolutely love this place, and it's somewhat close to my house. I think this place does it as well as ya can, as a breakfast place. All in all I think I've been here about 6 or 7 times in the last 4 years and they hit a home run every single time I've dined. Always had breakfast items and never lunch so my experiences are a bit one-sided.It's always very busy on weekends during the breakfast-brunch hours and usually there is a wait to get a table. It was me and a couple buddies and ones fiance after a night of drinking a few brews. Comfort food was in need. We walked up at about 10:30 saturday and they said it would be 10-15 mins for a table, but we could sit at the bartop right away if we wanted it. We chose the bartop and immediately got waters, menus, and silverware. The waters are big which is very nice after a night of drinking and becoming dehydrated.We all quickly scanned the menus and ordered. I got the Jacob's Slammin Platter and it was large and fantastic and was about all I could put down. The eggs (scrambled) were perfect, the country potatoes were awesome and crispy.  The 1 sausage patty, 2 strips of bacon, 1 Canadian bacon slice, and the 4 mini pancakes were all perfectly cooked for me as well. It also came with 4 half slices of toast, two were a little bitty bit burned for me, but I was full anyway so I just nibbled on the toast at the end of the meal. Everybody in my party was extremely pleased with the food, service and speed, price, and location. We all crashed at my buddies house which is near GVR so it was just 3 or so miles down the road. We all went back to the house happy and fat, and didn't take a hug chunk out of our wallets. You can see on the yelp business page for OSC snap-shots of the menu, prices are all in the $6-10 dollar range for most meals, and there's plenty of food in each of the ones I've had.
3	This place is decent.  It's a little mom & pop place.  For some reason it seems to be the "it" spot.  I'm not sure why.  The service is good but not great.  The food is good, but they always forget an ingredient in anything I order.  It's cheap, so that's good.  Always busy on the weekends, and closes too early.  Over good, but not great
4	Went here the other day for the first time, I'm not a big breakfast person so I had the Tijuana turkey sandwhich with jack cheese turkey chipotle mayo tomato and banana peppers and the boy had the french toast with the hash browns. The sandwhich was incredible but the bread was a lil soggy already when it got to the table. The hash browns were awesome, whatever seasoning they put on those is awesome. the service was pretty good in the beginning but when it was time to get  our check it seemed like forever trying to get the waiters attention.
3	Good, healthy and fast breakfast/brunch options. Loved the buffalo chicken egg wrap option. Was very tasty and unique.
5	Great service and the Garden of Eden omelet had all the right ingredients. Can't wait to go back.
4	I love Sunrise Cafe, I love it so much that my husband and I often go once a weekend. Now, you may call me biased since they have the IC bomber sandwich and I went to Ithaca College, but I assure you this only got them 1 of my 4 stars :) My husband and I generally split the Jacob's slammin platter which is an array of pancakes, eggs, bacon, sausage, ham, breakfast potatoes, and a bagel. More than enough food for the two of us. This place is a bit pricey, but again not so bad if you are splitting. I have also tried the banana cream pancakes and I could eat a vat of the delicious dulce de leche butter. I am also a huge fan of the chicken chipotle wrap, the homemade chipotle ranch is awesome! Their sandwiches are just as good as their breakfast, but there is nothing special about the macaroni or potato salad. I am addicted to french fries and I am always a little disappointed when restaurants don't have a fryer. I wish that they would offer their breakfast potatoes as a side, which they do for an additional fee. If you wake up this weekend looking for a fabulous brunch, head on down to Sunrise Cafe and you won't be disappointed.
5	Five stars on food alone! Great menu selection of awesome tasty food. By far the best selection of Eggs Benedict dishes (5), and only ~$10ea. I ate the Fiest Benedict - which had a toasted bagel, basted egg (perfectly cooked), Jalapeno Bacon, and pepper jack cheese. It was coated with a spicy hollandaise sauce, that was simply devine. The best Eggs Benedict I've ever eaten. Very unique. I loved it. Even the potatoes had great flavor and crispness. My friend had the coolest Banana Cream Pie Pancakes... banana syrup, bananas on top, and dulce de leche whipped butter!!! YUMMMM. Comes with 3 cakes. The coolest thing by far was the Jalapeno Bacon! Excellent flavor, worth the money to have a taste of this. Several pieces to a side, so it's a good value. The place was very busy, as it was Sunday morning, but we still managed to get a table inside right away. There is also patio seating, breakfast bar seating, tables or booths. Bigger on the inside than it looks on the outside. Server was very nice and very prompt. When should couldn't make it over, she sent a runner. So our drinks, food, and general needs were quickly attended to. I don't know why anyone would eat at IHOP or Denny's with this little gem just down the road on Eastern & 215. Overall great place. Could totally make this a Sunday habit. :)
3	First time at Original Sunrise Cafe last week. I went with my husband and our friend who was in from out of town. We were greeted and sat right away. Our server offered us drinks and gave us time to go over the menu. He was very nice and attentive throughout our dining experience. Since we were here for breakfast, I didn't spend too much time looking at the menu other than for breakfast foods. I did take a sneak peek at their sandwiches though, and they sound good. I would go back to try lunch. I'm a huge fan of pancakes, so I decided to get blueberry pancakes. They were good, but all the blueberriers were right in the center of the pancakes [in the batter, of course]. Not what I expected nor cared for. I'd prefer to have them spread out evenly. However, they were still appetizing.Good food at a decent price so I would go back.
3	So i came here with my fam bam on a Saturday around 11:00AM and we waited for about 5 minutes for a half booth (not bad!)  I ordered the eggs benedict with sausage and jalapenos, my hubby had a stack of pancakes.  Let me start with the pancakes:  They were a good size about the size of a medium dinner plate.  One of the pancake seemed a little over cooked as the outside was a bit darker then the other two and a little tougher.  The give a small amount of syrup but you can always ask for more.Eggs benedict:  The hollandaise was just so so meaning it was light but too buttery and needed a little kick (maybe a hint of fresh lemon juice).  There was nothing special about the sausage just your typical sausage patty.  The touch of jalapenos was good; however it was drenched in jalapenos so it over powered everything else.  The eggs were perfectly poached and everything was served on top of an original bagel.  I've had eggs benedict on a traditional english muffin, croissant, and even hawaiian bread and I have to admit having it on a bagel is not something I particularly care for.  It is just too much.  As for the potatoes: they're hash brown style cut a little thicker then your traditional hash browns.  Their grilled to a crisp on the outside and soft to the bite.  Made with lotsa butter though that's why it tasted so good.At the end of our meal they gave my 4 year old a pick at their treasure chest and that made him happy.  I would come back and maybe try something different.  So, just A-ok for now...maybe will get a better  rating next time.
5	Stopped by on July 4 just before closing at 1:30pm. The entire staff was friendly and easy going, no rush to close either. A very filling breakfast / brunch meal for two under $25 and the wait staff kept topping off our coffee! Great deal, cool atmosphere, awesome find away from the strip. Hopping to stop by again for breakfast before heading back on the road. :)
4	Quality food ever time.  Good kids menu and options.  Outside dining in good weather.  Good prices.  You cannot go wrong with this place.I love the Eggs Benedict, which is my true test if the place is a good breakfast joint.  Also, the toasted muffins are delish and a perfect order for my 3 year old.
5	Makes you feel like you're not in Vegas .. In a good way!Best breakfast in town. They don't just serve a blueberry muffin, but they cut it in half and grill it!Family owned and always sweet!
4	This is a family owned and operated business, no corporate restaurant BS.  Good, healthy food, no smoking, and great service.  When I was there, everyone in the place was happy and smiling; cooks, waiters, waitresses, customers.  After several weeks of dining in and around Vegas, this place was a ray of sunshine!  I'LL DEFINITELY BE BACK!
3	We had family visiting and staying in Henderson who wanted to meet for breakfast. I, being the faithful Yelper that I am, looked for a good spot to try since our favorites are near us in SW Las Vegas. The Original Sunrise Cafe is a solid place and got the job done. They were very busy but still managed to get out food out  quickly and be attentive to our needs throughout the meal. The menu selections are pretty standard for breakfast with some spins on classic items like their "Bueno" and "Brooklyn" eggs benedict. I ordered the "Garden of Eden" omelet, and thought it was decent, it needed some love...or maybe just salt. I really liked the potatoes. They were shredded, but in a wider form than I've seen before, and yummy. My partner in crime got the corn beef hash and ate the whole thing. So, I say give it a try and you probably will not be disappointed; but, I think I'll save the gas next time I want breakfast and go somewhere closer to home.
5	i was in Las Vegas for a night and wanted to get breakfast somewhere on the way back to Phoenix. We didn't want to hassle with the strip, and I was really in the mood for a French themed hoorah, so I used yelp to find somewhere in SE LV, and O M G. I could not have been more happier with any other breakfast! I got the Garden of Eden omelette ( I think that's what it was called?) without olives and mushies cause I don't fly with that. It was so amazing. I was thoroughly impressed with the service, the food, and the large cup of coffee that my server kept hot. The meal came with delicious taters, and a bagel too. I usually never finish a whole breakfast, but I couldn't resist finishing this one. It was the best breakfast I have had in a really long time. My boyfriend got the bagel with lox or whatever it is and reported that it was very delicious as well. 5 stars for being the most absolutely perfect breakfast after one night in Vegas. We left on a really good impression.
5	I was introduced to this place a few years ago by my ex-boyfriend, and ever since, I have been addicted! They are open 7am-3pm, 7 days a week I believe. The food here has always been amazing, and anyone I take there is delighted as well. I have been here a plethora of times and never had one complaint. If you do happen to go on a Saturday or Sunday (Especially Sunday) morning, be prepared to wait ~15-20 minutes. The time goes by fast and you normally do not wait long, but there are around 30 tables & bar area (not alcoholic). People are usually considerate though, and if the place is packed, customers eat and go so others can sit!
4	Great breakfast place with decent coffee, nice omelets. Another off the strip Breakfast spot.
5	One thing that Vegas lacks from Cali is the abundance of smallmom and pop place that have great food and service. Sunrise cafe defiantly fulfills my need for a small local place for breakfast and lunch that has great food and service. I love the Jacobs special for breakfast, you get a little bit of everything and you can go wrong with the turkey and pastrami sandwich for lunch.
2	No biscuits 'n' gravy, what kind of place is this!!
5	Sunrise Cafe is hands down, best place for breakfast in town.  Their egg benedicts are always a favorite, but I have been so happy with every dish I have ordered.  Staff is always so friendly and nice.  Every time they have made me feel like they WANT me there... not like they are trying to get you in and out as fast as possible like many other breakfast joints.
5	Great service especially considering brunch on a Sunday. They have plenty of brunch and lunch options. We had traditional French toast, salads, lox, sandwiches and omelettes. Portions are huge and are a great value for your money!
5	Clean tables, nice people, good coffee. This review was for breakfast. The place is spacious and clean, inviting to all.Tourists, families, and locals were here when we went. Corned beef hash was just right, and a generous portion to boot.My DW enjoyed the French Toast, which was also a large portion with thick sliced bread. Very good flavor!
4	This place has one of the BEST French Toast in town!  Had a visitor in town and we were looking for a local breakfast place instead of IHOP or Denny's.  We ordered the Traditional French Toast (prepared in their "special" batter made with fresh cream -- oh yes -- you can definitely taste the CREAM, eggs and VANILLA, CINNAMON and brown sugar)... HEAVEN!  Sadly, we found a strand of hair on our 2nd to last piece of toast just right as the server walked up to check on us -- and she apologized profusely as we pulled the hair out.  She turned a couple shades of red and asked if we would like a new plate... we were like, "REALLY?!  We were just going to finish the plate off (minus the hair" 'cause it's THAT GOOD!!"  HA HA!  We ordered the Peter Brady "Porkchops and applesauce" -- the porkchop is on the 'dry' side -- nothing special.  The mound of homemade potatoes had a nice chili kick to it.  I'll have to come back and try their benedicts AND more French Toast please!  :-)
4	I really enjoy Sunrise. This is a good place to get an omelet after a workout at its neighbor LVAC. Great place to come if you have a dog. The food is simple, fresh, tasty and priced just right. Try the jalapeno bacon.
5	Traveling in area & looking for a good breakfast. This one is GREAT! Highly recommended.
5	Excellent food, interesting menu selections and a nice local experience.The food was tasty with what seems to be a focus on healthiness. Several items come with egg whites but are super tasty!   A 10-15 minute trip from the strip.  It's nice to see normal prices.Food: 9/10Service: 8/10Cleanliness: 9/10Prices 7.5 /10
5	wonderful experience here! food and service were excellent... Only found this place thanks to yelp and the nice pictures posted there... I had the "brooklyn benedict" and gf had "jacobs slamming platter" delish...Portions so generous neither of us were able to finish our plates... Sunrise you COMPLETED US :)heads up tho AMEX not accepted here
4	Friends suggested Sunrise Cafe since they allow dogs on the patio.  We have brunch here every weekend just for that reason.  The California omelet is my favorite.
4	This place got it going on! Service is unbelievably fast and the atmosphere is great. I had the "Leo's Sandwich" and it was definitely a good choice. Even the water tastes good here. The only reason I am not giving this place 5 stars is because they haven't really gotten the hang of the wait list. It seems sort of unorganized and it didn't help that someone else used my name to be seated.
5	Delicious. Eat outside when it is nice out. Inside is often crowded and noisy.Bring the dog if you have one!
3	I liked the french toast. And the tuna melt. It wasn't too greasy or mayo-y. Could've benefited from some veggies tho. The potatoes were good too. Great service. I wouldn't go out of my way to return, but if I was in the neighborhood, I'd stop in again.
4	The food here is tasty. The portions are just right. I love how the omelets are made with egg whites. The coffee was nice and strong. The customer service was great.It wouldn't hurt if they had 2 or 3 more tables in the patio to minimize the "patio seating wait".
2	Omlete & spinach was to watered down for me . The French toast was ok . The potatoes were on the soft side I like my potatoes on the crunchy side. The decor was on the outdated side. But I did like our servers she was very nice that's why I gave the place 2stars instead of 1 star , I have had much better breakfast I don't think I will be  returning , I really want it to like this place.
5	I read the reviews on Yelp, and the Original Sunrise Cafe sounded just like what I wanted for breakfast.  A non corporate, family owned, great breakfast place, for a reasonable price.  The Original Sunrise Cafe, did the trick.  Their breakfast menu is full of egg whites omelets, they have cottage cheese, bagels, peanut butter, you name it.  I didn't order pancakes, but they looked great!I talked to the owners, Andrew and Angela, about opening in the San Fernando Valley, CA., so I wouldn't have to drive almost 300 miles to their place, and believe it or not, they sounded interested.  I'll keep my fingers crossed!In the meantime, if you go to Vegas, the 9 mile detour (from the Strip) is well worth it.
4	A regular breakfast spot for me as it is better than the chain and local places in the area.
4	Thanks to Yelp this is our new Saturday morning Vegas-visit tradition. We love the breakfast at this place, and although it's been packed whenever we come, we never have to wait too long for a table. We've come with a group as big as 7, and with just the 2 of us as well, and the wait was short both times. I love the Chester's Way corned beef hash, and my husband gets the French Toast platter. They are delish! If I didn't love the Chester's Way so much I'd probably try something else, but for now I'll stick to the classics. Definitely recommend for a weekend late breakfast spot away from the crazy buffets.
4	Expect the orders to cost about $7-9, and I think that's a pretty good deal for getting big portions for breakfast. I thought to stop by here a couple of times since they open right after I get off of work, and they're on the way home. They have an outdoor eating area, and this place does get fairly busy on the weekends. it is a cafe which revolves around a pet friendly, family environment. I think what I love about the place is that although they serve items that you can usually get from other cafe's, some of their items are different from other places.I have ordered the STEAK AND EGG WRAP for $8.29 and its huge! It comes with potatos on the side so you don't feel like you've spent so much on just the wrap. You also have the option of the TYPE of wrap you'd like. You can do wheat, chipotle, or sundried tomatoe. I usually get the Sundried. If you're a meat lover and all protien. Definitely get the Steak and Egg wrap. It's deliscious and does contain big chunks of steak slices so you feel satisfied.I've also tried the STEVIE T'S WRAP  which is also deliscious but expect it to be REALLY filling and sweet thanks to the pancake and maple syrup. It was a good wrap, but the sweetness and thickness of the wrap honestly doesn't satisfy my appetite. It just makes you feel like the wrap itself is filling up my stomach for the sake of it. BUT! Don't be discouraged. If you're into sweetness and pancakes definitely go for the wrap. It'll be worth while.The service is great, but because they are always busy they don't conversate so much with you. They do get the job done though, and someone is always asking if you need helped or if you have been served.
5	I took my boyfriend this time he said he loves loves this place  the corn beef hash was delicious he said & he ordered for since he was paying the French toast that had such a nice texture to it good call . We sat outside it was nice & the service was great. We will be back I'm glad my boyfriend talked me into giving this place 1 more shot .
3	My best friend who's a Vegas local took me here for brunch. Your typical American breakfast food with sort of a mexican/latin touch... Denny's with a slight twist. LARGE PORTIONS. Come here if you're looking for a very filling hearty meal. Great service, the waitresses are very attentive and polite. I would say this place is aiiiiiiiiiight, but not anything mind-blowing. Definitely not a spot I would crave or feel the need to return to.
4	This is a great breakfast place. I sat at the counter... that kinda adds to the whole breakfast counter ambiance thing.  The place was clean.  They have excellent service here.  The menu had the usuals for breakfast... but they also have some twists on the regular items.  The eggs benedict was on a bagel.  I liked that. I had the eggs benedict with jalepenos and sausage.  It was real good.  The hollandaise sauce wasn't too rich, it was a little lighter.  When I was done eating I just felt really good.  **  I would give it 5 stars but I paid $16 for breakfast (eggs bene - coffee - tip)... maybe I am cheap or just stuck in time where breakfast should be less than $10. **
5	After 5 visits, this has quickly become my favorite breakfast in Las Vegas. The patio and dog- friendly vibe rocks. The service is always friendly and attentive. Most importantly, the food is delicious! I have literally fallen in love with Jacobs slamming platter. It is for those who simply cannot decide. For some, like myself, you don't want to give up your buttered toast and potatoes for a side of pancakes. With the platter, you get it all! Yay! I often want just a few bites of yummy pancakes and not an entire sugar loaded breakfast. Sunrise gives you 4 perfect little silver dollar pancakes to curb your sweet cravings without sending you into an AM diabetic coma! Other winners include the omelets with tasty additions such as creamy garlic sauce and sliced avocado. Corned beef hash is good stuff as well. All in all, a 5 star breakfast you'll return to over and over again.
4	Holy brunchalicious!  A friend and I decided to go here today to celelbrate Easter Sunday and boy was I happy I went!I wasn't completely in the mood for breakfast food, so I got the ham and swiss melt sandwich for $7.29 and added eggs to the sandwich.  It was served on Rye bread with mustard.  Accompanied on the side were slices of pickles and I chose a side of potato salad.  Thiis meal was super!  Toasted, buttered Rye, melted swiss, salted ham and the mustard really tied everything together.  The potato salad was not too creamy and had a lot of potato chunks.  I enjoyed my meal a lot. This place is new, fresh and clean.  The servers are super nice and efficient.  I never felt rushed or neglected.  If you're ever in the area, you have got to try this place out.  They have EVERYTHING you need to get your day started.
4	Nice to see a place open early for us working stiffs. Sunrise Cafe opens at 7:00 am and my waiter was friendly and informative of what was popular here.The waiter suggested several recommendations but I went with the Glenn's wrap - Grilled diced chicken, egg whites, avocado, Swiss cheese and served on a chipotle tortilla. This was filling, different and yummy tasting.I enjoyed the Sunrise Cafe and recommend this place over the same old fast food places. They have a good selection and solid service.
5	Let me preface this review by saying I'm not really a breakfast food fan.  I know that's blasphemy.  I'm sorry.Anyway, this place is probably the best one I've tried here in Vegas.  I LOVE the Glen's wrap (which is also excellent leftover, by the way).  I love that I can sub the hash browns (which are good, but oh so greasy) for cottage cheese.  I'm glad I waited to review this place until I had visited a few times, because the first visit was kinda... meh.  Maybe three stars at best.  Some of the menu items are just so-so, and I just don't have a knack for picking winners.  Once I read other reviews and stumbled upon the Glen's wrap, I fell in love.
5	My wife and I were in town on vacation and on the way back to Az we were looking for something other than casino breakfast and chain resturants. This place hit the spot, very clean, very friendly service and the food was excellent.  They have all the standard fair,eggs Benedict  which is what I ordered, well above average. My wife tried one of their unique items,  a sausage pancake egg and cheese wrap with syrup. She was scared to order it but was oh so glad she did. Great food and service. We will be back the next time we visit.
5	Try all the Benedict's--they are all wonderful. Super fast service. Quality is fresh and food is deliciously prepared. Go see Jesse; he's the best!
3	So-so, good food but what you'd expect for a casual breakfast/brunch place. Weekend mornings are usually pretty busy. Nothing really stands out on the menu here for me. Went for lunch recently and had a wrap which was pretty standard.
5	I came here for the first time this morning and it was Sooo yummy! There was a lot of seating and a great vibe. We got seated right away and all of the servers were super friendly. I had the morning wrap with sausage and American cheese. It was soooo delicious. I ate it all super fast, lol. My husband had the 215 sandwich! He also enjoyed it very much. The potatoes it came with we're yummy! My son had the Mickey mouse pancakes. They were super cute and yummy as well (I stole a bite, lol). Overall, I will definitely be back to try something else on their large menu. My husband says everything he's tried has been excellent! Great place! Try it out!
5	This place is awesome. All the food is good. The waitstaff is very friendly. If you get a chance go there and eat. I ate there this morning. So so good.....
3	This little place was busy. Mom was in town and we wanted a place for a breakfast where we could take the dog. I remembered Yelp featuring this place on their dog friendly places. Overall the staff was friendly, food was just ok, and service was pretty slow. The food was only warm, not hot, the plate presenting was not appealing and lacked flavor. I had coffee and refills were never offered and had to be asked for each and every time. Mom got tea, first time the water was hot, when the refill came the water was barely warm. When asked for a new cup with hot water, they obliged and charged for another cup of tea.In the end we spoke with the manager and got a credit for 1 tea, but not without a "well just this once" attitude.May try another time because it is a dog friendly place, but would not return for the service or food.
5	Amazing!  Great breakfast and great service!  We will make this our new weekly hot spot.I enjoyed the classic breakfast and hubby had the Garden of Eden omelet.  Everything was tasty.  The manager came round and he was very friendly and asked our opinion on my seating.  I had no complaints just praise.  Keep up the great service!!
4	Great food and atmosphere. Service is a little slow but I understand breakfast is hard to keep up with! Would definitely recommend this place. Yum!
5	Love love love this little breakfast spot.. Only wish I came here earlier. This lovely gem is everything you're looking for in a restaurant that caters to the early risers who are looking for a great breakfast. Sunrise offers both indoor and outdoor seating and most of the time there's little to no wait, which is impressive seeing how busy this place can get from open to close. Everyone that works here from the bus boy to the owner genuinely cares that you have a great breakfast/lunch. I've actually never been here for lunch, but I wouldn't doubt it's just as good as their breakfast. Their extensive menu offers everything from the classic eggs and bacon breakfast to breakfast wraps and omelettes. All orders also come with your choice of toast or a bagel. If you're not satisfied with anything the waiter/waitress will fix it no questions asked! The food is so good and the prices are great for the amount of food you get. Friendly service, yummy breakfast and fair prices... What more could you ask for! If you're driving down Eastern be sure to stop by The Original Sunrise Cafe.. You won't go anywhere else for breakfast after. Promise :)
4	One of our favorite breakfast spots! The staff are all super nice and accommodating. We like to sit outside when the weather permits and this place allows dogs so we will often bring our pups with us! They are always ready with water and treats for them! The food is good and they have a lot of healthy options. If you don't eat grains they have bananas, tomatoes, cottage cheese etc...as a replacement  for toast and potatoes. My husband LOVES the Brooklyn Benedict and gets it almost every time. Their omelets are good too and the ingredients are fresh! We've been for lunch a couple of times and the food was great too. Overall a favorite. Recommended!
4	I was told this was a breakfast place to try in Vegas so I went! Given the full house on a week day I figured it must be at least decent! ;)  It's just a regular diner on the inside but really bright and alive! I ordered the Bueno Beni, which is basically an spicy eggs benedict on an open bagel. I asked for the Hollandaise to be on the side as it's usually too much (good call by me!).  I though the dish was flavorable and had a kick, which was what I was looking for. I poured a little of the Hollandaise over it but nothing near what it could have been. Supposedly they are known for their bagels and the bagel was super and very fresh so that's good to know for the future. Good breakfast option if you're in the area.
4	Thanks Yelpers! This is such a locals only spot! The food was incredible! Everything we ordered was awesome.. Next time we go to Vegas, this will be our breakfast spot.
3	Sad to say we will not be eating here as often due to the fact they stopped buying sour cream wtf?! Food has always been great and sour cream may not be that much of a deal breaker to some people but I don't enjoy breakfast with out it :(
5	Haven't made it there yet but a good friend confirmed their food and service is great.  I have had a chance to start getting to know the owner and he's a great guy with a great story about fighting challenges and winning!
4	Went there for the first time today for lunch.  I've heard about their good breakfast food and was excited to try it, but I was craving a burger instead.  The burger was pretty good but not great.  The service, however, was awesome!  Our waitress was very professional and proactive.  She was able to answer all my questions about the menu items.  One thing that helps me rate whether the server is good or not is how well they refill the drinks.  She refilled the drinks when our current drinks were half full without us asking for one!  Other things is that the place was clean and spacious.  The restrooms were clean as well.  All in all it was a nice place to dine.  One more cool thing is that I heard that they are a Christian owned company!
5	My husband & I went here for breakfast and we were very impressed! The staff was so nice and attentive & the atmosphere is calm and perfect for breakfast. Husband ordered the Smoked Salmon Platter and I had the Eggzilla Omelette. Very generous portions & you can tell the food was made with love. (: Also, I'm not sure what brand of coffee they use but it's so good! Will definitely be coming back here!
5	One of my favorite breakfast spots! Learned about this after moving to this side of town and if i wouldve known about it sooner, i wouldve drove from the othrr side of town to eat here. Great food, friendly staff, indoor or outdoor seating...just an overall good food experience.
4	Great selection of breakfast and lunch items...great service, fast and friendly !!
4	Despite the 'no reservations' policy, our wait for a large group was not long for Sunday brunch. The restaurant was crowded but our server visited our table quickly and frequently. (The kitchen was a little slow but the servers were great).  The menu is extensive and so much of what was available sounded delicious.I tried the veggie eggs Benedict.  It was pretty good but nothing to rave about.  All of the other diners in my party seemed to really enjoy their meals though (fiesta benedict, OG sandwich, Leo sandwich, sunrise french toast and ultimate french toast).  I'd go back again to try other options.
4	We were told about this restaurant by an aquaintance, so decided to give it a try.   We went there today on Sunday.   We were seated and then looked at the menus.  I notice a Bible Quote on the Dry Erase board. The waitress was pleasant, and we ordered something to drink, and looked at the menus.    I had the French Dip, and we also ordered two Hamburgers.   They use a pretzle bread for all the Hamburgers, which we were not so crazy about.   Also, they don't serve fries, and I was craving some, so instead ordered the Hashbrowns.   The French Dip was delicious, and the Au Jus was also pretty good.  I would have liked the Au Jus a little stronger but it was not bad.   They use provolone cheese in their French Dips, and that tasted pretty good.  The Hamburgers with bacon were very tasty.   For three lunches, the tab came to $29.   The place was about 80% full all the while we were there.   We will be back for breakfast.   I do wish they had French Fries though which would have given them a 5 star rating.
3	Food is good but employees are rude! I would say the food is above average for a breakfast/deli but it seems like every time I go to sunrise cafe I end up dealing with an over-stressed, over-worked employee who acts annoyed to be serving me.
3	Driven by this place forever, and a friend suggested that we meet up there, so excited about finally trying it out, we did!I walked in and stood at the hostess stand. Several workers passed by, not saying a word. This was at least 5 minutes. A big fan of when a customer walks in, immediately greet them.The place was crowded at 9:30am during the week, so I thought this place has got to be good!I ordered the veggie benedict. Didn't realize they specialized in bagels until I asked that I have an english muffin for my benedict and was told they did not have them., that they are known for their bagels. I asked for the Hollandaise on the side which they were accomodating. My meal came, it was two sunny side eggs on top of spinach, mushrooms, tomatoes and an everything bagel. The bagel was soft and chewy and loaded with butter. Didn't taste much like other everything bagels that I have had, but it was good. I was drinking hot tea, and a server walked by with a hot pot. I asked if by any chance was that hot water, her response, No, coffee, and she continued walking. Even the woman with me was surprised over the response and not, I'll bring you back some, I'll let your server know.... Food is ok, that most likely will return. Hopefully I will have a better experience on the service. Not asking much, just a smile and hello.
5	We went to early Sunday mass, so by the time we left church I was craving breakfast. My parents of course know me well, that I would be reluctant to go to a casino buffet primarily due to the foul smoke... not very appetizing while I eat. Again thanks to Yelp, I was rescued from eating at iHop or Denny's. Well it must have been ~9:30am, and there was already a line. As much as I despise waiting in lines, I knew that usually a line means "it must be good and worth the wait". AND fortuntely this was true for this case.Their breakfast-lunch menu was impressive. I have to agree with a previous review, I wished they served french fries... skinny fries.  But their home fries was a pretty tasty alternative.  From eyeing the neighboring tables, the omelettes were big or decent size.  I was hungry but didn't want to overeat, since I knew the primary plan for Christmas-Holiday wkends are to eat... so I wanted to pace myself.  So I shared the Greek omelette with my nephew.  I wanted to add more protein but gave him the choice between grilled chicken and steak.  We had the steak and it was delicious... totally hit the spot.  It was also super cool that they didn't charge to split our entrees.  My parents were pleasantly surprised that a yummy breakfast hot-spot was so close to them, but they would have never stopped by to check it out if it wasn't for me Yelping this place:)  Will definitely come here again when I come back and visit!
3	Good breakfast spot ... Service was good food was good . I got the corn beef hash dish which was above average.
2	Hmm... I'm going to tack on an extra star because my previous visits haven't been bad. But I went here yesterday morning, and got really angry service. The waiter did not crack a single smile. I'm sorry, did my presence offend you? I tried to be nice and smile, but he wouldn't even make eye contact with us. He would walk by, ask a surly question, and stalk off. Now, look. I know, it was 7am. I'm not always a morning person, either. I get it. But if I'm working with the public you'd better believe I put on a morning person act. Especially since I, too, work for tips. I feel your pain, buddy... I do. But you're still a douche for treating nice customers like that. I brought a friend here because I'd had okay experiences before. I bet he will never trust my judgment again.Our plates were brought out by a lady who had just walked in the door. Not sure if those mitts were washed before she touched them. That's neither here nor there. At least she was nearly friendly?Uhh... I guess my omelet was okay. :D
5	NOM NOM NOM!!! I live in the summerlin area and will drive the 25 minutes every now and then because this place is damn delicious. Sunrise cafe is busy, all the time, for breakfast and for lunch, but the wait never seems obnoxiously long. The staff is friendly and it's always very clean. I've had glens wrap, and it is so yummy! It's quite large, and very filling. My husband has had the home run, which is French toast with peanut butter filling and topped with bananas. I have never seen him eat French toast as fast he did this one.
5	My new Sunday breakfast spot! We come in, and its always incredibly busy. Which makes sense because the food is good, but it's nice because there's always plenty of seating to wait for your table. Not to mention, the tables are turned over quickly and even when you have to wait, its never too long of a wait. My favorite is the corn beef hash and my girls favorite is the Veggie Benny. They're both delicious and I love the fact that you get a bagel with each! Another thing that I like about this restaurant is the service. Its consistently good. Probably my favorite  servers are Amy & Micheal, he's a great guy and is always on it.  I recognized him when I saw he went from the Starbucks next door, to here.I also love the fact that this is a family establishment. The owners are always there and working hard on the weekends and its a big reason why I come here as often as I do. Overall, it's a solid restaurant that I love to support because of its great food, great service, and family atmosphere.
4	This is the breakfast place we come back to most often, and it has my favorite breakfast in the Valley:  Jacob's Slammin' Platter.  For a place with many healthy options, this is a behemoth of a breakfast:  eggs, potatoes, sausage, bacon, canadian bacon, silver dollar pancakes, and a bread (I always choose the everything bagel toasted).  80% of the time I order this, the other 20% I get the crispy creamy wrap, an egg/bacon/cream cheese wrap.  Again served with their potatoes, which are fantastic when ordered extra crispy.  My wife typically gets Chester's Way, their corned beef hash dish.  This is another huge meal, we always take some home even with me helping...I would arrive earlier in the day if possible, the wait can get long at high peak times on the weekend due to its popularity.  Also, they do run out of bread choices, which we found out the hard way a few times.  During nice weather, sitting outside on the patio can be fun, but it's RIGHT by the parking lot.  So, car noise/exhaust can be an issue. Dogs are welcome on the patio.Service is fantastic.  They have a lot of servers that have been there for years, which I think is indicative of how they run the business.Be advised it's good for kids, but no changing table in the bathrooms.
3	I can't give a raving review about this place, but that's not to say that it is bad either.  We went for breakfast at 9:00 on a Sunday morning.  Wait was 5 minutes - so not bad at all there.  The waitstaff were attentive, but a little pushy towards the end because it was obvious they wanted the table.The food was.... meh?  Certainly not the worst Eggs Benedict I've ever had, but assuredly the most bland.  The bagel vs English Muffin wasn't a thing - the bagel was actually the best part.  The Hollandaise was utterly tasteless, which kinda negates the whole point of the dish.  My husband's Pastrami omelet was very salty, and the filling was all at one end, so not a terribly satisfying omelet experience.  The "well done" potatoes were bland and a little greasy.The half order of french toast was tasty - but that's the thinnest, softest Texas Toast I've ever seen.  Perfect levels of cinnamon though.  I've certainly had worse.I guess that should be the title of this review "We've had worse...." which isn't much to recommend about a place.
5	Excellent service and food! By far the best tasting AND affordable food in Vegas. It's not too far away from the strip and its worth the drive. We went on Saturday and Sunday cause it was so good. The omelette was fresh, not too heavy and the breakfast platter was just enough with the perfect size silver pancakes. Would definately recommend to anyone looking for a great place to eat breakfast or lunch.
4	the food was delicious and there was plenty of it.  the service was also very good.  if i lived in Vegas i'm sure i would frequent this place often.
5	A favorite of a friend of mine that lives in the area. We frequent this fantastic, well loved breakfast gem.Since it is a loved breakfast spot. Expect some wait time, but isn't really an issue for a casual breakfast. There is a starbucks about 30 feet away. Outside seating is available. Many people bring in the friendly pooch and sit outside. The wait staff is very courteous. The coffee is good. The food is generally tasty. I always get alfafa sprouts on the egg salad sandwhich. Sooo good!Definitely always on my mind when I think about where to go for breakfast.
4	This is one of my fav breakfast spots in Las Vegas.  We've basically tried everything on the menu.  My go to meal here ?  Jacob's Slammin' platter:silver dollar pancakes, an eveything bagel ( butter, no cream cheese ) eggs over easy, hash browns, canadian bacon, bacon and sausage - $9.  Good eats ! Service is always friendly, punctual.  The place is very busy Saturday/Sunday breakfast/brunch time.Prices are average to high.
5	Wow... awesome breakfast! My friend told me to check out the place. It looked super packed when we got there but surprisingly it was only a 10 minute wait, but we actually got sat in 7 or less. Our server was great too. His name was Mike (Michael) and he was the best! He brought our drinks out quickly, asked if we wanted to order, checked back to see if we had questions, suggested certain items (one of which we ordered), and provided continuous great service. The banana granola french toast is to DIE FOR! So good. Everything was really good. Wonderful variety of items and priced very reasonable. Looking food a good breakfast... GO HERE!
5	Perfect Sunday morning for me is a work out at my gym and then take my tired old body to Sunrise Cafe. Most of times I do a take out since the wait can take about 30 minutes. But this is the place you want to go to if you want to splurge a little on a breakfast to have quality breakfast or even a lunch. I always get there omelettes or the Ultimate French toast. And guess what they have never disappointed me. Your morning need of protein and carbs are delivered here for $10-13 a plate. And speaking of delivery, they are very quick. Usually, once you order your food it comes out in 15 minutes. I recommend doing a pick up if you in a rush. They are well staffed and all of them are very friendly. And if you go there enough then they will know your usual order and would be treated like a family. Also, this is a popular place so you might run into local resident celebrities. I got to sit next to Spencer Haywood and saw Mike Tyson. P.S.I still have not tried their Jalapeno Bacon, but I hear that its amazing. Go and see for yourself.
5	I have been going to this place since the day they opened and I have NEVER had a bad experience here.  I have been here for breakfast several times as well as lunch and I have never had a bad meal here.The place is very busy, from the time they open to the time they close and on weekends, normally there is a wait, but that has a LOT to say about a place so many people want to eat at.    They are in a location that has seen places come and go and they have survived and thrived.  If you are in the area, the food is amazing, the prices are amazing, the quality and quantity of the food is WOW.  If you leave this place hungry, its your fault because you probably did not finish your food.  I highly doubt it was because they did not give you enough to fill yourself.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE.  GO HERE, EAT HERE, and ENJOY your time here.  The staff is friendly and you will enjoy this place.  As a side note, this place is like a NY/Chicago type deli place.  You can get a variety of breakfast foods, sandwiches and wraps.  The food is definitely deli food from potatoes and toast with breakfast to breads, bagels and chips for lunch.  There is no diet food here, BUT, WHY WOULD YOU GO TO A DELI IF YOUR ON A DIET?It is TOP quality, tasty foods and whether you go with corned beef or pastrami, or a COMBO of both, you will be very pleased.  I love this place and it is one I have to have control, because it will hurt my waist line, but I will enjoy every bite I take.
4	Really great delicious and yummy breakfast food.  I had their veggie benedict served on a bagel and it was fantastic.
4	Delicious breakfast!
5	The French
5	This place is a must stop for me when I'm in Vegas...Good breakfast starts a killer day, no matter if it's 6am or 12pm...The original "OG" Sandwich is beyond good!I love this spot!
2	I was expecting more based on the Yelp reviews, but the food was only so-so.  On the waiter's recommendation, I ordered one of the Eggs Benedict specialties.  The eggs were overcooked, and the bagel was very chewy and hard to cut.  The side potatoes were nothing to write home about.  Okay if I'm in the area and everything else is closed, but next time I'll probably drive on by and try somewhere else.
4	I have been going here for a while and love this place-only wish it was bigger. On nice days it is great to eat outside on the pet friendly patio. The Ultimate French Toast is great-skip the powdered sugar. The Oatmeal Overload is my new favorite-it is only served M-F 8am-11am. It comes with fabulous sides of bananas, granola, raisins,blueberries and brown sugar.  The only bad dish I have had so far is the Banana Cream Pie pancakes-they cook the bananas in the batter, which makes the pancake taste like it is undercooked and gives a bad taste. The Hot tea selection is really good-they bring you a box of Shangri La Tea assortment to choose from. Service is always good. Can be noisy at times, but worth the wait.
4	Great food and outstanding service! Always has fresh and good tasting food.  My coffee cup never goes empty!!!!!!!!
5	Perfect breakfast spot for a Saturday morning.  Huge amount of menu offerings.  Kind and efficient staff,   now i know why it is always packed.
5	MMMMM  Crispy Creamy Wrap!  YUM!  I love the food here, the staff is very nice, and I love that if I bring my pup we can sit outside and they bring her a bowl of water.
5	I missed Sunday breakfast at this place. Share an omelet with a friend next time you are in Vegas, ask Andy for a davezilla"
5	Fantastic service and great food.  I have never waited long for a table or for my food.  The staff is very friendly.  If you wanna sit outside with your dog, you can.  This is a great spot for breakfast or lunch.  The food is fresh.  I recommend the Brooklyn Benedict.  It's eggs benedict over a bagel with spinach and turkey.  Usually comes with hash browns.  Another great dish is the Stevie T.  It's a wheat tortilla wrap and inside you have jack cheese, egg and a pancake.  Amazing.
5	Delicious food large portions reasonable price Breakfast n lunch only closes at 3pm Sometimes a wait but worth it
4	I love breakfast here, awesome quality and soooo good. I'd give it 5 stars if it were in a easier accessible lot.
4	Big fan of this place!!!  I came twice in two days I just couldnt get enough!!!  I made my own omelet with a ton of different veggies and feta cheese.  It was the bomb!  I did not dine in, only takeout but the service I got was great.  I am not sure how long the wait time would be because the place was packed with people both days I was there!
4	Great food! not bad in price and FAST! I didn't think breakfast can be so good. It's always packed but the wait is not that bad. They have seating out in front of the place which is nice on a not so hot morning.
3	Good food, good atmosphere, pleasant service..... but not worth the price. Same price as the casino's and it's off the strip.
5	Loved this place. The "snowcaps" were so good, fried dough with powdered sugar. There were at least 5 things on the menu that I wanted, I can't wait to go back and try them all.Dogs allowed outside, they'll bring them water too.
5	I adore this homey place. The service is second to none! my coffee cup never goes wanting, everyone always has a smile on and everyone works as a TEAM! I get my eggs prepared just as I ask for them, delivered back with smiles. When there is a wait someone always asks if they can get you something to drink or they serve banana bread or some other goodie to make sure you know you are important to them. No one ever rushes you out which I can honestly say thank you for not that I sit forever. I love the atmosphere. Everyone is happy to be there- conversations, book reading, friends finding friends it is home away from home!
4	This place was really awesome. The service was fast and the food was amazing. My husband and I went here for lunch he ordered a wrap and I got the Brooklyn Benedict. The hash browns were AMAZING! The only complaint I have was on that particular Benedict I would have liked to see sliced turkey as opposed to the chunks of turkey and a little more spinach. The sliced option would make it easier to cut without having to worry about escaping chunks of turkey. The hollandaise almost took over the flavors of the other ingredients but either way it was awesome.
4	The gf and I continue to hit OSC on the weekends before or after our work out at the neighboring Las Vegas Athletic Club.Since my last review, the service continues to excel, the food is above average and overall, we enjoy the experience.  Slight ding - seems like the hash brown servings ( and they make very good hash browns ) are shrinking.I continue to order Jacobs  Slammin' Platter ( two eggs, slice of Canadian ham, bacon, sausage, 4-5 dollar pancakes, hash browns and bread with no charge option of a bagel ) three out of four visits.  The gf orders her egg white veggie omelet EVERY TIME.  Her dings - occasionally they put onions in the omelet even though she orders without.  She prefers a mixed fruit option instead of their banana slice only option.We will continue to visit OSC.attached pic of the slamming platter
4	Loved this place!  I was looking for a nice place to take my kids for breakfast and we found Sunrise Cafe.  Everyone was so friendly and I loved the casual, laid back atmosphere.  The food was really good and not too expensive.  The kids even got to pick a prize from a little bucket that was offered with the check!  The kids loved that and loved their Mickey Mouse shaped silver dollar pancakes.  I am from NJ & this is the 1st place I have found that reminded me of the independent breakfast/lunch places that I have worked at back East.  We will definitely be returning!! Thanks Sunriise!
4	Breakfast was solid! My wife's Brooklyn Benedict was outstanding and Jacob's Slammer was plenty for breakfast. What we also loved was the fact that we could bring our dog to the restaurant. So while I probably won't be in a place to go back often I would recommend it if you are traveling through Las Vegas or there for a vacation.
5	I'm simple to please. The Jacobs slamming platter is awesome, the omelettes are HUGE, and the majority of the time I order the classic breakfast. The has browns never disappoint, the eggs are average, and the bacon is always crispy (that would be a good thing in my opinion). The service is great, the coffee cup is always full, and the portions are perfect. For me it's nice to see Bible verses around the kitchen and a smile on the face of those who work there. That would be why I keep coming back time and time again. Support this local business and check them out! They will beat any chain hands down.
3	The have a good breakfast with a decent variety. The eggs benedict are great but only on bagels not english muffins (didn't really notice the difference). You can monster size most entree for $2.99 and then it serves about 4-5 people or makes for four meals. I would go back.
5	Favorite place!! Service is amazing. They keep your coffee full. Everyone is really nice, the owners come out and chat. Pancakes are perfect. If you have kids under 5 they can share the kids meal. The omelets are delish. My favorite is the Cajun Benni. The meat is flavorful as is the hollandaise. Between the food and the service I'd rather go here then any other place in town.
5	Awesome family breakfast place. Really friendly atmosphere, and interesting menu. My wife had the Garden of Eden omelet, which she strongly endorses, and i had pretty much the opposite: the Home Run french toast. If you love sweet stuff, this is the french toast for you. It's basically a PB&J made on graham crackers, fried in Reese flavored butter and topped with banana and powdered sugar. Might not be for everyone (my wife could only have one bite), but I loved it. It was hard to choose, everything on the menu looked great and the service was so friendly. Top marks.
4	Great breakfast place in the green valley area. Only problem is that you may have to wait due to the popularity of this cafe.
5	Excellent customer service! Who woulda thought the greeter would serve us and get our drinks all at the same time! one thing I like the most is of course the food, but multi tasking and time management! Good job guys!
4	What a great place to enjoy breakfast or lunch.  Ate here several times and every time went away stuffed!  Great portions and tasty food.  There is usually a wait on weekends but it was well worth it!
5	One of my favorite places for breakfast. The vibe is perfect & the food is too notch.. The staff has always be on point & friendly on all of my visits. Not to mention the food is fresh & the tshirts are dope! Lol  (thumbs up for the non iPhone users)
5	First time here and it wont be our last. We think we found a new place to go for a weekly breakfast dates!!From the outside  might think it is another fast food with no driv thru. NOT.. you walk in and they promptly seat you and take your drink order. They have booths and tables inside and do have outside tables. If you bring your dog you can seat outside and they have dog bones and will bring them water too!!One thing that caught our eye is they have the Old Fashioned bottle soda and candies. You can pick out what you want take it to your table and they will put it on your bill. My husband was in Love!I had the BLT with homemade potatoes. I had the BLT on a bagel. OMG was tasty and crunchy bacon the way I love it. The potatoes were amazing. My husband tried to steal them from me.My husband had a Pastrami sandwich with macaroni salad monster size. He was in awe with the taste. He says its hard to find a GOOD pastrami sandwich and this place is great!!The staff was very nice and attentive. They are open 7 days a week from 7am to 3pm.
5	One of the best breakfast places. It's a good stop on way to Hoover Dam from Las Vegas.  Food and service were great. Would definitely go back.
4	Great service, good food, good location in a pocket of cool restaurants.  Best part is all the eye candy that goes there! Hubba Hubba!  The gym is right around the corner so... :-)   A meal with a view ;-)
5	yelp app, have i told you lately how much i loved you? ... made a random trip out to vegas and stayed off the strip at the green valley ranch and trusted the yelp app to help me find delicious things to put into my mouth. what i ate:- cajun prime rib beni: garlic toast topped with thinly sliced prime rib, topped with savory sauteed mushrooms, thin tender scrambled egg, and smothered with an amazing hollandaise sauce. uh, why can i have this every morning? this was so amazing. the only problem i had with it was that i couldnt really taste the "cajun" part of the cajun prime rib. but seriously, who the heck cares, this was so tasty! came with a side of hash browns that was very tasty, but the beni took center stagepros:- food: the beni was amazing. the potatoes were also amazing. the coffee was delicious- huge portions! i could barely finish the beni and i barely had much of my potatoes. - service: just right for this type of brunch place. our coffee cups were always full- no wait! though, we came in during the week. they were bustling and busy, but there were empty tables. and the turnaround was fairly quick.  - clean bathroom- a few tables were on the patio area for people and their dogs. though, i guess it's a very locals thing; i could barely stand being outside in the heat, even if it was in the shadecons:- location: definitely a locals spot. this was a bit far from the strip, so i doubt id be back for breakfast. would i come again? due to the location, probably not.
5	This is by far the best breakfast place I've had the pleasure to come across in a very long time.  I started eating here last year and have continued to regularly since.  I've never once had a bad experience here - the place is clean, the staff is always friendly and attentive, and the food is absolutely fantastic!Original Sunrise is a great choice for breakfast...they're a regular stop for me.  My favorite meal is the Jacob's Slammin' Platter...2 eggs any style, 2 pancakes, bacon, canadian bacon and sausage...yeah buddy!I just wish they'd open a location in Southwest...they're still way worth the drive out East though
5	Had passed by this place a million times and never guessed I'd find such a "cave of wonders"! It's super cute, and even with the craziness of people all over the place, the service is wonderful. I had the eggs Benedict and almost died from a mouth explosion of flavorful deliciousness. Plus, my friend decided to order a "side" of those snow bunnies, and they pretty much rocked my life too. Overall, the experience was great, and I called about 5 people when I left to tell them about this paradise in the dessert truly exists.
5	Excellent food, interesting menu selections and a nice local experience.The food was taste with what seems to be a look at healthiness. Several items come with egg whites but are super tasty!   A 10-15 minute trip from the strip.  It's nice to see normal prices.The Davezilla is awesome!Food: 9/10Service: 8/10Cleanliness: 9/10Prices 8/10
5	My new favorite breakfast place in town. I like that you can go healthy with bananas instead of potatoes and egg whites in almost any of the dishes.  My favorite healthy item is the power wrap with chicken, egg whites, and salsa in a wheat tortilla.  If you are looking for more traditional fare you can't go wrong with chesters way (their version of corned beef hash) or even just the classic with bacon (always crispy) and the buttery potatoes.  If you want a bit of everything go for Jacob's slammin platter.As if the food wasn't enough to keep me coming back the service is top notch.  Very attentive and friendly.  Go there a few times and they start remembering your drink order.Don't be alarmed if the place is busy.  It may seem like it will take forever but they turn tables there very quickly and they'll bring around samples to taste too.
5	Veggie, Bueno, and Cajun prime rib Benedicts were all delicious. Fresh ingredients and different spins on hollandaise sauce. Great breakfast.
5	New favorite breakfast spot!  I tried "Jacob's Slammin Platter" and it was better than I expected.  Comes with Both regular and Canadian bacon, sausage patties and silver dollar pancakes.  The potatoes. They're my favorite, but it was all around good. Reason I gave this place 5 stars is because even though we came here during their busiest time of the day all their staff was very much on point, friendly and always there right when I needed more coffee or just had a question about the menu.
5	Definitively an excellent option, had breakfast this mooring and the place was packed with local people, had to wait 30 minutes to sit on the counter, excellent service people are very gentle and warm, had the eggs Benedict and the French Toast and both options had big portions and great taste, split it with my wife and it was good enough.From Costa Rica cheers! Great experience, excellent service, great food, clean place and affordable
5	Killer breakfast and excellent service!  We couldn't believe how fast our food was ready and it was hot and fresh.  I will definitely stop here again next time we come through Vegas.
5	Best breakfast in town!!!! Love the staff and love the food!
5	This place is great I love that they serve breakfast all day and their food is amazing. It's perfect for Sunday mornings, it feels very family oriented! Get the garden of Eden it's the best!
5	I moved away from vegas and the only thing I missed was the davezilla.   You can't go wrong eating here for breakfast or lunch.
2	I'm way late with this review. We dined on a Sunday over the summer. It was pretty toasty outside and their A/C went out. We figured we'd be in & out so we didn't mind waiting and decided to stay. They kindly handed out water for those that were waiting.Finally, we were seated. Our order was quickly taken, but the wait for our food was lengthy. It gave us time to notice the booth beside us had some misbehaved children that were bouncing all over. The boy bounced about so much that he heaved up breakfast. They left the mess and what appeared to be a very small tip. The table sat empty waiting to be cleaned, they got a bus boy over with a stomach that could handle it. He cleaned the table like it was any other mess. And the next couple was immediately seated. I really expected the area to be disinfected with care. I cringed when the unknowing couple sat down. I'm sure this sort of thing happens all the time, but it's the first I've witnessed it. So that was a turn off.We were starved and sweaty by the time our breakfast arrived. The garden of eden for me and a build your own for him. We prefer omelets with the cheese on the inside, a personal preference, I know so I try not to let it sway my judgement. However, these were underseasoned. Just very bland. They might be eggwhites, but that doesn't mean that shouldn't be flavorful. Breakfast came to $30 plus tip. We failed to find the value.
4	Check the website for pricing. Some of the menu pictures do not show the ~10% increase in prices.The staff was professional and helpful. The steak and eggs wrap was stuffed with meat and tasty. I, personally, would liked to have had a sauce on it of some sort but it was still quite decent. I would recommend this place to friends.
5	Great breakfast and lunch place to visit in Henderson. Everything is very good including services.
5	Sat at the counter and ordered a wrap without the wrap (making it gluten free), did not disappoint. It was enormous as was my husband's omelet. What made this a five star place wasn't the decor; in fact you can't even buy this...it was the kindness everyone showed us from the hostess to the kid who showed us to our seats while taking our drink orders on the spot, to the server to the manager as we were leaving. This place was packed, but there was no waiting. The quality of our breakfast was excellent and arrived quickly. You'll quickly understand why this place is a Vegas institution
5	This is my favorite place for breakfast and brunch. Their French Toast is epic! The owners are super nice and walk the floor to make sure you're comfortable. I recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for amazing food at an affordable cost.
4	Egg and cheese breakfast sandwich with the kaisan bun is amazing! A new favorite place of mine.
4	One of my favorite breakfast spots. Food is always good an service is great!! I especially love the sunrise breakfast... My favorite! It can get super busy on weekends but you can call ahead and put your name on the list. Definitely a great local restaurant!
5	The best breakfast in the town! Greek omelette is great. Definitely will come back again
5	Awesome breakfast, we come here often and the staff is always great!
5	My new favorite breakfast place!!! Great service and staff is awesome and friendly! Food was excellent!
5	This is my spot, I usually get the "OG" or the "Californian" if I'm trying to be a little more healthy. Great people and great service.
5	I am a quick in and out person and the service is quick and the people in this place are friendly. Food was also very good!
4	A friend recommended the Cafe as being one of the best places to have breakfast and I decided to check it out and see if he was correct.  Yes, he was!The place was very busy when I got here about 10 AM on a Tuesday morning.  The hostess asked me if I wanted a table and I asked if they had a counter.  They do and she took me there immediately.  The counter area was relatively empty.  From where I sat, it  looked like the place was once a pizza joint because of the oven along the wall there.Regardless, I was given a menu and brought a mug of coffee very quickly.  I then checked out the pancake/waffle section but they all seemed like they'd be larger breakfasts that I wanted to get.I settled on the Brooklyn Benedict which consists of two basted eggs on an open faced bagel with turkey cubes, spinach, and melted Swiss cheese all topped with Hollandaise.  It was excellent!  You are given a choice of bagel and I opted for the sesame bagel.  The combination of flavors--the turkey, Swiss cheese, and spinach--was wonderful!  The bene also came with potatoes.  I could have had fruit but why spoil a good breakfast?Coffee was refilled often and I was asked if I wanted a cup to go at no charge.  The staff was very accommodating and service was top notch.I wouldn't hesitate to return for breakfast here.  It is very good and they have a large variety of breakfast dishes.
3	This place is just so-so.  I went this past September and remembered it being really good, but I guess I hyped it up too much in my head.  I ordered the french toast last time and wanted to relive the delicious moment.  When it came, it was oozing with butter and the eggs were perfectly cooked (I ordered them over-medium).  The bacon was a little hard, but worse things could happen.The french toast this time was just okay. Parts of the bread weren't dipped in batter so I just had some toasted bread with syrup in some bites.  The bread also wasn't really fluffy; it was flat and mushy.  Oh well! We would still return, everyone else was really satisfied with their meal (eggs benedict, the  Californian omelet, and the Stevie T wrap).
4	Food was great and service was friendly.  They had excellent options  and upgrades for the sandwiches and combo, seems to be home made
5	Andrew and Angela, the owners of Sunrise Cafe, are the reason for this local gem's success. Their positive spirit, generosity and kindness towards their staff and clientele,  and exquisite food cooked by a master chef, are just some of the reasons why my husband and I would return again and again  - if we lived in Nevada, that is! We were excited to visit twice in a week's span while visiting with friends. Sunrise Cafe exudes happiness, the food choices are healthy and delicious, and the wait staff couldn't be more accommodating. We look forward to our next visit, which couldn't be soon enough!
5	One of my favorite spots for breakfast in Vegas.  The food is fresh, they have healthy options and it is consistently delicious.  What else you ask?  Well the staff here is superb.  Always friendly, efficient and thankful.  I come here a lot and they know me and what I want which is always appreciated.   The owner frequently stops by to chat and thank me for my patronage.  This is a small thing but she obviously means it and that counts for a lot.  Stop in and see for yourself, they'll keep your coffee hot.
2	We got here at 11:30am for a late breakfast and were seated within 10 minutes. The drinks took longer to come out than our wait for the table. After ordering and waiting about 15 minutes they refilled our drinks and the waitress mentioned that since we ordered french toast it will take longer. A whopping 25 minutes later we get our food (total of 40 min wait) we get our food. The waitress even says to us "you guys must've been starving with how long your food took." NO KIDDING. The food ended up being just Ok. Will not be coming back here..
5	This place is ridiculously good. As my fellow yelper Jodi turned me onto you have to get the snowcaps.   It's like chopped up bagels fried in butter and sprinkle with powdered sugar. I mean it doesn't get any better than that. It's not on the menu so you just have to ask and they're like four bucks hello awesome.  Today I had the Bueno Beni which is hot and good. I also like the crispy creamy but ask for the eggs scrambled it's a little weird to have a fried egg in a wrap.  We are lucky to have a lot of really good breakfast places in Las Vegas but this place is amazing the service is so good they're so friendly and they're always happy and busy.
5	I've never had a bad experience here ever! Whether its with just my hubby, or breakfast after the Dog park with the pups on the patio, where they get treated like guests..always great here. Love the menu.
4	They have awesome french toast, delicious!  I also liked their spinach and feta omelete, they don't skimp on the ingredients.  Great atmosphere, pleasant staff and reasonable prices for the high quality food.
4	Great Breakfast place - very busy but friendly staff! I ordered the Veggie Benedict w/the Everything Bagel. I would have preferred the bagel be toasted more & the tomato sliced thicker but the food was served pipping hot & with a smile! I'll definitely return & recommend the Original Sunrise Cafe!
5	Our favorite breakfast spot. Be assured in this place everything is custom and fresh. You will not find many menu items that are run of the mill but everything is amazing. You will commonly see the brother owners chopping it up in the back and are the nicest guys.Sunrise has an awesome collection of old school sodas and vintage candies and toys sold at the front.
5	Best eggs Benedict in town, yummy home fried potatoes! Great service, this place is always busy so get here early!
3	I've had this place bookmarked for awhile. Decided to try it on a Sunday morning. They have seating outside, which was nice.Service: they were pretty attentive. They asked if I wanted a refill enough times for me to say no. Usually I have to flag the waiters and waitresses at other place  for a coffee refill.I decided to try the steak wrap. I was pretty excited because I was pretty hungry. The wrap was very full of steak, which is usually a good thing. It was okay, but it lacked flavor. I ended up only eating half of it and left the rest for later. I was a little disappointed. The hash browns were a little soggy. I may have just picked the wrong thing on the menu. I would definitely give this place another try and maybe pick something a little more popular on the menu.
5	This place has the most amazing service that I've ever received and they are consistent.   Every staff member contributes to your overall experience so you are not waiting for anything.   One person seats you and gets your drink order,  then your waiter comes over to take your order.   If she's busy someone else brings your food out hot.   The bacon and hashbrowns are my favorite things to eat here .  They also have a wrap with a pancake on the inside. ..delicious. .I love this place
4	Sunrise Cafe is our favorite place for breakfast in Las Vegas. We come here probably twice a month, despite the 20+ minute drive from our house. Service: The service is typically excellent. After our first meal at Sunrise, we told our server that it was our first time and everything was delicious and we would definitely be back. Shortly after, the owner came over to welcome us and to say thank you. She's a really friendly, genuine person. Whenever there's a wait, she'll go around with a treat, like banana bread, to give to the waiting customers. There usually is a wait, especially on weekend mornings, but the service is so efficient that I've never waited more than 15 minutes. The last time we were there, one of the hostesses was unfortunately pretty snippy with us. It was such a shame because we usually are met with nothing but genuine friendliness. Perhaps she was having a bad morning. Food: The food is consistently fresh and tasty. I usually get the Jacob's Slammin' Platter, which is two eggs, bacon, canadian bacon, sausage, silver dollar pancakes, potatoes, and toast or bagel. It's like a breakfast sampler. The potatoes are some of the best I've ever had. My boyfriend gets the Bueno Beni, which is eggs benedict over a bagel with jalapeno hollandaise and cheese. It's a delicious, spicy indulgence. The kitchen is also really good about modifying if you have any dietary restrictions, so don't be afraid to ask if you want to make any changes. The orange juice is really sweet, so I tend to get a small size rather than the very big large. Price-wise, it's so affordable, especially considering the quality and portion-sizes. Atmosphere: Great, bustling atmosphere. It's lively and fun and fast-paced, but I've never felt rushed. Sunrise is like a diner in that it is quick, as well as welcoming and casual. You can see straight into the kitchen to watch your food being prepared, especially if you sit at the counter.
2	Unimpressed is the best word to describe this place.  Normally a long line of people waiting is a sign of a good restaurant, here I think it is just a reflection of an inefficient operation.I had the blueberry pancakes with eggs and bacon.  Very typical... Nothing special.  I would not rave about the place, or go out of my way to eat there... If it is convenient, it is ok... That's it.  I would rate it a notch below Cracker Barrel in terms of food quality, value and service.
5	My favorite place!!! I come here almost everyday. Ann and her family is so awesome and food is amazing.
5	Yum, yum, YUM!!!  This place is awesome!!!  I met some friends here for a late, weekday breakfast.  I was running late and was starved, so I called my friends to tell them to order for me.  I arrived, and the place was PACKED... At 10:30 on a weekday!  The restaurant is a decent size too, with outdoor seating as well.  My friends decided to wait for me to order, and my heart sunk.  I was so hungry, and by the looks of the packed crowd, I wasn't going to be eating anytime soon.I was wrong!  Our waiter was so attentive, came over as soon as I arrived, and we were eating about 12-15 minutes later.  I ordered an omelette on the recommendation of my friend who had been there before, but was very weary, as I usually hate egg white omelettes due to lack of flavor.  Again, I was wrong!  My omelette was amazing, and the hash browns are to DIE for.  So delicious... I can't wait to go back!  The only negative is the parking.  This is located in a very busy shopping center, and finding a parking spot can be tough.
2	granted we went on a Sunday morning.  but seating 5 should not take over an hour.  we were told 25 minutes  and checked in at 40  and where told next avail table.  as we had two 10 yr olds I offered to squeeze into a 4 seat  nothing.  after we were seated I noticed several groups of 5 w children seated after us a t a 4 person table.  the table service was good.the breakfast was good , maybe a little burnt for some people.  the price was high as expected for a popular breakfast place.
4	Came here based on the yelp reviews and I have to agree. The service was great...I had the classic french toast and they were delicious.
5	The food is freshly made, most of it in-house, and is of reasonably good quality.  I asked our server what he recommended, he gave his recommendation, I ordered what he recommended:  The Tijuana Turkey Sandwich...it was delicious!  The turkey tasted like it was oven roasted and the chipotle mayo was really tasty!For the price, this place is a winner!!!
5	We stopped at the Old Sunrise Cafe for breakfast before hitting the road to drive back to Los Angeles. The place was packed at 1030 on Sunday with people sitting both inside and outside. Still, we had no trouble getting a table immediately. I ordered the make-your-own omelette and was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the food. With ingredients like this it seems to me that Vegas is growing up. We were in and out in a half hour allowing us to stay ahead of the traffic. I highly recommend this joint considering the combination of speed, quality and price.
4	I ordered the Brooklyn Benedict on everything bagel with a side of potatoes. The Benedict was cooked perfectly and it tasted pretty good. The potatoes were crispy and very well seasoned. The cinnamon roll pancakes were a little on the sweet side for my taste. Overall it was a good meal. We had a toddler and two infants with us and they were able to accommodate our party of 8.
5	Best breakfast in town, the owners are so nice. It's nice to see a good Christian place in Las Vegas. The food is great, I enjoy Jacobs slamming platter or Chester's way. I've also had their sandwiches at lunch and good as well.
4	Alright, so I finally had the chance to try this place out with my boyfriend and his family.It's a fairly big restaurant for a breakfast joint, with patio seating (for those rare but treasured COOL days in vegas).I ordered the traditional french toast ($7.69) and made it a platter (+$3.50) by adding two eggs over-medium and bacon.  It was all delicious and cooked really well. The bacon was amazing.  My boyfriend ordered the ranchero wrap with the chipotle tortilla and hashbrowns.  He liked the wrap, but the hashbrowns definitely stole the show here. His mom had the short stack pancake platter ($7.69 + $3.50) and grandma had the Garden of Eden omelette ($9.25).  They both loved the meals.The service was a little slow.  It felt like forever before our waiter finally came to take our order.  At least he was friendly.  The man who actually brought out our food was great, making sure we had everything we needed.The prices here are very reasonable.  The $3.50 it cost me to make my french toast a platter included two eggs and four pieces of bacon, which is more than what you usually get at other breakfast spots.
2	Food was decent, but the simple things like eggs and potatoes came to the table lukewarm. Was already waiting a little bit so didn't send it back. My son loved his French toast sticks. Might give a second chance, but other places have always produced good food consistently so will likely continue going to those.
5	The food was phenomenal!!  Nice size portions and tons of choices!  Try the crunchberry french toast!  The best breakfast i have had in a long time!!!  We were even able to call ahead and get our name on the list!!
3	The food is really good ! I love the food .. But The waitresses are rude .. In 2 occasions they had a really bad attitude with us .. And talk to us in a bad tone . So now I try to avoid going unless I'm really craving the eggs Benedict .
5	Great homemade food. Will be back again to try the lunch menu. Breakfast was delicious.
4	This place was incredible. Cute little cafe with fantastic staff, and a menu sure to offer something delicious to please everybody's taste buds. Jordan had their Fiesta Beni, a little spicer than most but perfect for him. He also tried their coffee of the day which was a warm butterscotch flavor. I opted for the normal black coffee as well as their oatmeal overload. Unfortunately, as I am gluten free, I was unable to try their pancakes or French toast. However, the oatmeal came with blueberries, bananas, raisins, brown sugar, and granola. I also tried a side of their homemade potatoes since they are never fried and always fresh! Needless to say we had a fabulous experience, I highly recommend this cafe to anyone!
5	I've been going to Sunrise Cafe since it opened. Best breakfast in town in my opinion. Typically I'll get the open faced bagel and lox sandwich with an everything bagel. It's awesome. Grandpa typically goes with the french toast or pancake platters. The staff is always super friendly. A must if you want to get a good breakfast.
3	Its a mini church. If you can get by all the crosses by the back bar you should be ok. I had the turkey wrap with the Chipotle. Came out "cooler" cold, so it was pre made either by them or an outside source. They did however use real turkey breast and all in all the sandwich was fine ( except of course for the tomatoes which I have never found one place in vegas that serves outstanding tomatoes). The potato salad was also pre made probably the standard from U S Foods. Will give it another try sometime.
4	The food was delicious, every one of the six different meals ordered by my group looked like something I would really enjoy. My bueno beni (southwestern eggs bennidict) was delicious.   The waiter was incredibly friendly and executed each of our special requests perfectly. Complaints:  egg was basted a bit too hard, it took forever to get a table and the food took a long time to come out. This is really to be expected at an awesome breakfast place at 10am on Saturday morning. They also had a tough time with a group of six at a really busy time, like almost everywhere. It was much less busy by noon, and looked like it wouldn't have been bad had we gotten there early. All things considered I would definitely go again, and probably will work my way through most of the menu.
5	I have been to this place at least twenty times, and it is always amazing.  Get the eggs Benedict on white toast with bacon, it's amazing.  The hash browns are perfectly shredded and cooked to a golden brown.My kids love he French toast sticks as well.  The staff is fast and friendly, plan for a small wait, it's worth it!
5	Love it, every time me and my husband go, we are happy customers, with everything, food, service and even waiting time. I like how they tell you real waiting time and while you are waiting they bring you samples and water.Lunch or breakfast anything you order is excellent every time. My only complaint is not with the food! sometimes its cold! but i learned their ac temperature is always cold, so i bring my sweater or light jacket :) Thank you Sunrise cafe :)
2	Pancakes are just pancakes. Came in mainly for their Banana Cream Pancakes with dulce de leche cream. But they are more like regular ol' dry pancakes I can make at home with chopped bananas on top. The dulce cream tasted bland, nothing special. Good location good service but food is not up to par. Will not be coming back.
2	Buffalo omelette was bland, heavy on pungent blue cheese.  Wanted to love the place but food was ok.
5	I've been coming here for years and I've never been let down! Service is impeccable and friendly! Food is fresh hot and delicious everytime. It is family friendly in fact they give away toys to the kids. This is our favorite place for breakfast :-)
5	My family's go-to breakfast spot. There is nothing on the menu that we've tried that has disappointed us. BTW: If you plan on ordering your own dish and think you'll only have a couple bites of a shared order of pancakes - ain't gonna happen. I say that to myself every time, and I end up stuffed! It's just so good!It's always busy, so you'll have to wait, but it's worth it. Fresh, quality ingredients, delicious food, servers are always very helpful, and it's super kid-friendly. On another note: ladies, the bathroom is clean and the lotion they have in there smells so good! ;-)
5	Moved here less than a week ago, and already been here twice. Everything my sisters and I have tried has been amazing. I especially love the bagel&lox with a little Tabasco added on top, and the original French toast made with Texas Toast!
5	We were looking for a non "Vegas" brunch, but knew good food was required. Based on the 4 star 200+ yelp reviews we gave this place a shot. There was a wait, which is expected on a Sunday for brunch, the service was friendly and quick. The food though.... OMG... Stuff it all into my mouth right now! From the amazing crunch berry french toast to the kickass, fill up my mouth until I want to die of happiness Cajun prime rib eggs Benedict, we were impressed and overjoyed to have come! The coffee is even pretty damn good! The cherry on top? They have a little bucket of toys for the kids to choose from at the end of the meal. It was just a little thing that leaves a lasting impression. Next time I'm in Vegas I'll seek this place out again.
4	I love this family owned family run breakfast and lunch place. The restaurant is bright with comfortable seating and a tv usually on sports. Owned by husband and wife team, he cooks and she's awesome with the customers. The staff knows the menu and they are great about substituting items... Fruit instead of potatoes. I usually get the veggie Benedict. Just the right amount of sauce without drowning. Choice of different bagels. My daughter loves the French toast. Fluffy with just the right amount of powdered sugar. Also great is the turkey Reuben, turkey philly. For the sides ask for the cole slaw.
4	Best Benedict I've ever had! Get the Cajun prime rib one. The hash browns that come with it are made well. Service is so friendly even when busy/rushed. Coffee's great. It has a really comfortable feel with all the positive decorations all around. There's also a few outside dining seats that are nice especially on overcast days--not so much the scorching hot Las Vegas summer days--but when they're packed, it's worth it! They are quite busy every now and then if you don't get there early enough. Last time the wait was an hour and a half, but this time it took 2 seconds since I got there before 9.
2	I was excited to see how packed this place was and how long our wait was to get seated that's usually a good sign! Too bad it was because people were waiting so long to get their meal. Our waiter was so rude and unprofessional...that began a bad experience, but I brushed it off since I was excited about the food. I ordered the Ultimate French toast, which is dipped in toffee batter and also ordered the banana cream pancakes. After waiting an entire hour and 2 1/2 cups of coffee later, we finally got our meal. The looks of it made me think it was a mistake.. But our waiter confirmed those were what we ordered. Excited to try the toffee French toast was shear disappointment. It tasted like any other French toast. The banana creme pancakes were much better tasting than the French toast but still there was nothing banana cream about them. Just regular pancakes with some bananas cooked into them...not worth the 35 bucks I paid.Because our waiter was rude, the wait was forever and the food was nothing special (sounds so tasty on the menu) I will not be returning here again :(
5	Me and my wife stopped for a quick brunch on our trip to Las Vegas, we ordered  a Davezilla and Jacobs slammin platter which was huge and don't bother unless you have an appetite. My wife loved the omlette which was different than she had had in some time. Mine was huge enough to fill me up until dinner, I really liked the has browns and the silver dollar pan cakes. We went on a Sunday and had to wait atleast 15mins, be prepared to find a queue, this place seems usually packed during this time of the day.
5	Love this place!! Great place to come for breakfast & lunch. Food is out of this world, portions are plenty so come hungry. Service is great and prices are mid ranged but worth it. Open daily 7am-3pm...you'd think I work here...sheesh :)
5	always great food great service we love sunrise!try a burger on a pretzel bun...it's DELISH!
5	Great breakfast spot far from the strip. Their corned beef hash is the measure I use to compare all others. Great service. Always a stop while in town.
3	Second time for breakfast here. Staff is friendly and food comes quickly. VERY busy on early weekend mornings. My toast today was dry, no butter like is asked for. Only strawberry & grape jelly. Really? With all the omelette ingredients to choose from, adding orange marmalade and blackberry wouldn't be too much to ask.I'll come back. Hopefully to a better jelly selection. Just sayin'.
3	I feel like I need to give this restaurant another shot, because despite the great reviews, my experience was less than stellar. Of course, I expected a wait on a Sunday at 11:30am. No problem, the weather was beautiful and the servers brought around samples of chocolate banana nut bread, which was yummy. The wait time was about 30 minutes.  However, once were seated, that's where things went a bit downhill.  We were seated at a tiny table in a corner RIGHT by the bathroom. Really? A table shouldn't have even been there in the first place. Not only were we subjected to people walking right up against our food while they were going to and from the restroom, there were a number of flies circling throughout our meal. Since the restaurant was packed, there was nowhere else to move.Okay.. let's just try to focus on the food and service. The service was great- very attentive, and they must have asked us if they could top off our coffee about 10 times. Toward the end of the meal, we started feeling rushed. I know they were trying to turn the table, but I hate feeling like they are ready for us to get the heck out!The food was good, and a good value. The omelettes were nicely sized, and came with potatoes and toast for $8.99. My friend opted to get sliced bananas instead of potatoes (I know-weird), but they came with a hair attached. Yuck.  I'm not going out of my way to return, but I am not opposed to giving them another shot. Just one more, though.
5	The restaurant is clean, comfortable and the staff are professional and friendly. Servers are like an extension of one another, they have definitely been taught that the guests of Sunrise Cafe are the guests of each and every staff member in the store. The food is always prepared to perfection, I have eaten at this store since it opened, usually once a week, I don't know the owner on a personal basis but more on a professional level, I have been in the restaurant industry all my life, 25 years plus and feel when an establishment is this consistent that it should be recognized, I would highly recommend that if you have not tried this restaurant you are missing out.
5	Great place for a weekend breakfast with the family. Crunchberry French toast is amazing.
5	Love this place!  I ordered the veggies benedict on a wheat bagel! Very consist and always delicious. My wife orders the California omelet which is huge! We have never had a bad experience. Best breakfast place in town.
5	If you haven't eaten breakfast here, you're missing out on some of the best food in Vegas.
5	I love this place.  My boyfriend and I usually call in for pickup. I always get the Jacob's Slammin Platter with a bagel on the side; to die for!! Food is always prepared so perfectly even for take out! It's around $20-$30 bucks for the both of us but it's definitely worth it.
2	Usually my husband and I love this place. But we notice each time we arrive around 2 they are willing to seat us. Despite they close at 3. -My husband has a very sensitive stomach so we will be there for the remaining hour. Our last visits they without warning put all the chairs up to I suppose remind people they are closing since they fail to verbally communicate. So our breakfast looks like the image I will be posting. We pay and tip (well) like everyone else, but just so happens we end up looking at chairs and all of their dusty glory. A friendly reminder would be much appreciated. But to leave your customers wondering in silence leaves a bitter taste. We were definitely disappointed. :/
5	Party of 6 on a Sunday morning with 2 seniors and it was perfect.~ The service was friendly~ Plenty of menu options (healthy and unhealthy) ~ The quality of food was delicious (the potatoes are awesome) This is definitely a great place to take the folks and a better alternative than ihop or the like.
5	Excellent Breakfast...definitely a step above the standard waffle houses. I had the Buenos Beni and it was fantastic. Yum!
5	Love coming here! It's quite a ways from home but worth the drive, the food is excellent and the service is better! Ask for Michael!
4	Great place for breakfast. It was great to see a staff that was so helpful toward one another.  They were very attentive to every table and made sure my coffee was always topped off.  The food was good and portion size was perfect. Food arrived very quickly but its quality was not sacrificed.  I also loved the silver dollar pancake option. A very solid 4. What it would take to be a 5:Coffee was good but not great.  I am admittedly a coffee snob though so this is a nit picking statement. Certain menu items could be made easier to eat.  For instance the tomato and onions on the bagels and loks could be diced as opposed to being served as a slice.
3	I used to love this place as the food is really good here and the service is good as well, unfortunately attention to detail was not happening in the kitchen on this day.  My wife & I both ordered custom omelets which is a choice on the menu, our server, she wrote down exactly what we asked for and put it in the system the same way but the kitchen did their own thing.  Her omelet did not have sausage, mine had had two items I asked for and 3 I did not ask for.  Of course apologies were given and after a lengthy discussion with the server which I do not know why the kitchen did that, they remade the omelet with the ingredients I asked for originally.  Unfortunately it was remade next to potatoes on the grill so potatoes ended up in mine which I specifically asked for no sides, no potatoes.  There were not a lot and the pieces were big enough to just pull out and place on the side.The disappointment is not enough attention to detail.
3	My man had a dentist appt right down the road and I NEEDED coffee so what a better way to have coffee is to drink it with breakfast! The great review I had high hopes.  The food was mediocre, maybe I picked the wrong dish but it lacked flavor.  I choose the Leo the sandwich the flavors just all blended together nothing popped it didn't even seem to have salt, I was disappointed.The service was great and everyone was very attentive but I probably won't spend over $2.50 for a cup of coffee again.
5	I have been here numerous times since moving to this area. I have never had even 1 bad experience. The food is quality , fresh and cooked perfect every time , coffee is great and the service is impeccable. I would invite anyone who is thinking of opening a restaraunt to come here and experience how  things should be done. People that work here seem genuinely happy and know how to treat customers. As far as I'm concerned this is the only place to eat breakfast on this side of town. Thank you sunrise cafe for doing things the right way and caring about your customers.
4	I have to recognize good customer service when it happens like this morning.  The restaurant was slammed right at opening with various office work groups.  I counted tables occuppied at 7:15...80%  full.  I thought YIKES it will be slow service.  Not true.  The two servers coordinated their efforts with the kitchen and expeditiously had drinks at all tables including mine within minutes.  Wow!  Then 2 other servers arrived and they divided the room and started food orders.  I actually received my food first then relatively quickly food was moving out to the groups.  The chef even came onto the floor to get a head start from the servers about what was about to hit the kitchen.  From my observations people looked happy.  What could have been an early morning disaster was turned into early morming happiness.  Awesome efforts from hard working folks!
5	I cannot believe I originally rated this place 3 stars!  This is my go-to place for breakfast and I've been several times since my original review.  I seriously LOVE this place.My favorite thing to order on the menu is the Stevie-T wrap and I need to warn you that it is WEIRD.  It's a wheat wrap with pancakes/syrup, sausage, egg, and pepper jack cheese... I know what you're thinking, but this weird combo is seriously a frequent craving of mine!  I just can't bring myself to order anything else when I visit!  I have also had the "OG" on an everything bagel, which is your typical egg, cheese, and meat bagel sandwich.  It is exactly what you'd expect and it hits the spot.  Please ignore my previous review!  Plus, the service is always friendly and fast!
4	Great spot. I've been living in Henderson for 2yrs and have never been here. First time and I can honestly say I found my new breakfast spot. Sorry IHOP, I'm all about the locals.  Great service. Great food. Great spot. We ya next week!
4	Came here for brunch. Came in around 9AM ish, and the place was actually a lot bigger on the inside than I had expected. There's lots of ample seating, and the service was fast and friendly. There's an older crowd that comes in (kinda like early-morning grandparents that like to go out for breakfast and coffee), but that doesn't really take away from the experience.I got to taste the Brooklyn Benedict. It looks just as good as it does in the first picture. It comes in two giant pieces dripping in hollondaise sauce. It's got some turkey bits inside, which was different, but it went well with it. The whole piece was topped on top of an everything bagel, which I guess is where the Brooklyn name comes from, and it tastes very good with it! I didn't expect that at all. Only thing is that the bagel (like any other bagel) is very hearty, moreso than the normal bread you would get. So it's extremely filling. But it tasted great in combination.Also got to try the Crunchberry Toast. It's french toast with what seems to be small bits of colorful cereal meshed into egg/batter that surrounds the bread. It's very good, but very sweet. So I wouldn't recommend this unless you have a sweet tooth (as if the maple syrup wasn't sweet enough), but I was able to manage through a few bites. I probably wouldn't be able to finish a whole plate by myself though, because I'm not a big sweets guy myself. But otherwise it was still really good.If you're looking for coffee. It's horrible. Don't even bother. Get juice or something. Coffee we had was extremely watery. I tried to mask it with cream and sugar (I usually drink my coffee black), but I still couldn't handle it and didn't take more than 4 sips from my mug.
4	I always get french toast, hash browns, and bacon when i come here.  The hash browns are my favorite I've ever tasted.  My only complaint is their coffee.  It's nothing special, i would much rather go to the Starbucks in the shopping center and then come have breakfast.  In my opinion, the coffee you serve at a breakfast joint is pretty important.  Despite the coffee, this is my FAVORITE breakfast joint!  They need to add another location in the Southwest area!!
5	I had a wonderful visit on a busy Saturday morning, staff were all working together as usual to accommodate a large number of guests, the staff are so efficient and friendly the food was great, I had a ham and bacon omelette which was cooked to perfection came out quickly and hot. Server Kellie was an as absolutely a doll, friendly, helpful, prompt and courteous, I had no wants. Another excellent experience. Staff were keeping up on cleaning, washing hands regularly and working together like a well oiled professionally trained machine. Kudos to the owner, great job.
4	My fave place for breakfast! A varied, and delicious menu, I've been happy with all my meals here so far. The Cajun prime rib beni is -the best- and most satisfying meal here, just delicious. The staff is friendly and  accommodating!
4	My first time here was exceptional. I did not even know of this breakfast place and that it was so close to my gym. The place gets very packed around 10-11 ofcourse when people's tummy gets hungry. Nonetheless, I ordered the original or the 'OG' with a bagel sandwhich and hash browns. It wasn't so heavy which was perfect. Gave me fuel for the day. Good job! Great service. Nice place to go to get your day started. Parking is a little difficult cause it gets crowded.
5	There's a reason this place rates high. Haven't had a bad experience here with food or service. I like the Californian myself but usually anything here is great.
5	Great breakfast. Their menu had much more choices for breakfast and lunch. The waiter was friendly and attentive. Definitely will go back when we move here!
4	Came in on a Sunday morning with my son. We must've hit the timing just right because the place got packed as we ate. French Toast sticks for him & an egg white wrap for me. Both were done well. Nothing spectacular, just good cooking. The service was awesome, I'll definitely be going back.
5	Great little breakfast/lunch place to eat. The employees are very friendly and the food is good. Will be back to eat here!
5	Living in Las Vegas for 16 yrs, and I have never been able to find a good old NY deli-style egg sandwich on a Kaiser Roll. Until now! The Original Old G was incredible. Still thinking about it 12 hrs later! Staff was very friendly and atmosphere lively. Can't wait to go back again.
5	I came here from just looking at the yelp app and just looking for a nearby place for breakfast. I was afraid there may be lines and I would have to wait but we arrived at 9:30 and we were seated immediately. Every table is full so that must say something about the place.I ordered the Brooklyn Benedict and it was amazing. The sauce was not too buttery and simply just smooth.OJ was just ok I'm not sure if it's freshly juiced or if it is from a carton
5	Guy Fieri needs to come and feature this hot spot on Drivers, Drive-Ins and Dives.  Fantastic brunch teamed with great customer service?  Done deal.  Please order the classic breakfast.  It's heaven on a huge platter.  AND never skip out on the potatoes.  End of story.
5	Attentive and friendly service lights up our taste buds. The gentleman, Troy, who helped us is amazing, patient, and very knowledgeable on the food items and gave great suggestions. Troy recommend their new item, Crunchy berry French toast that is soft, juicy inside but crunchy outside with berry jelly, butter, and syrup on the side! Beautiful presentation and great taste for us to devour! Highly recommended :)
4	This place is pretty awesome! Fulfills all my breakfast / lunch needs! They have plenty to chose from! Service was great too. Nice local joint. There is also outside seating if you have pets (: will be back
4	Super friendly and efficient staff- smiles on every face and all very engaged with customers.  The Lou? Sandwich, lox and eggs in a bagel-yum! Cajun prime rib Benedict, to die for! Excellent potatoes. Busier than you would expect in a weekday so clearly I'm not alone in my rating of this great breakfast spot.
5	Best place to eat breakfast in Henderson, especially if you like Benedicts and/or Hashes.  Great for lunch as well, but definitely our favorite breakfast spot in Henderson!  As busy as it always is, they still manage to have great service as well!
5	I am so in love with this place!!!! Its close to my gym and house and when i have early moring running to do my husband and I always stop here for something to eat. The food is made from scratch and you can tell! The servers are always friendly and well kept. I think they need a bigger location they are always full of diners inside and out. My husband loves the cordbeef hash he said it's the best in vegas, I always get the jacob's slammin platter, the price is cheap compared to all the food you get. The potatoes are nothing you have ever had anywhere! I always get a bagel for my bread choice with spread. I am yet to finish all my food because you get some much! This is hands down my favorite breakfast spot! I bought a discount card from my kids school so last year they had discount buy one get one 50% off, Iove a place that helps out it's schools and provides great food and svc. Its also dog friendly if yo want to eat outside with your pet not sure if they are allowed indoors
1	Really?! Adding potatoes to canned corned beef hash does not make it 'homemade" as menu states. Very deceitful. And also, poached eggs are NOT the same as basted.
2	This is our first and LAST time here. I ordered eggs POACHED , AND I.noticedThey  looked and tasted Over Hard, half way through I an d I was right. The eggs were based hard. NOT poaced.My husband ordered Corn Beef Hash that on the menu said it was homemade. What a joke.. it was from a can. When talking to the manager I asked she said they only do the eggs basid. Well if I would of known that I would of ordered someone elese. I wish the waiter would of told me.As for the CBH. I was told it is homemade because they get it from a can and ADD stuff to it making it homemade. WRONG... HOME MADE it when you make it from scratch.The manager left me a $5 off coupon for next time. I just left it on the table.WHY CAN I FIND A DINR THAT MAKE'S good FOOD.Also put off by all the religious decor.
5	Quality. The staff helps each other out, the food always comes out hot and fresh, and the menu satisfies all! I highly recommend this place for breakfast and always bring people in because the atmosphere is cozy and it's a breath of fresh air to get such wonderful customer service! Big thanks to Mike B for always making our day and also to the chefs for creating captain crunch french toast!
3	Overall, I was pleasantly surprised while visiting the area and looking for a delicious omelet...and they doubled my potato serving since I am gluten-free and could not have the toast. Coffee okay too. Good service. Nice find! It is a noisy place when so many people, and you do sit close to the next table. ...so if they are concerns, this place may not work for you...instead, eat quickly and be off...I think you'll be happy with your breakfast!
3	Not bad!Another Vegas-style place that automatically brings straws with water and probably doles out styrofoam for leftovers, but decent food. There were 4 of us, and we were all happy. The service was good and attentive, and the food was decent for one of those diner spots.I had a hard time wrapping my brain around the portion sizes again. I ordered a veggie omelet that, in addition to being huge, came with a side of hash browns equally as huge. AND an entire BAGEL! It might have been offered as my toast option, but wow. A whole bagel! I think I made it through about 60-65% of what was in front of me and left overly stuffed. My partner had a breakfast burrito with a much more sane portion size and much easier to finish. It was super-tasty except for the TOO many jalapenos. He picked them off and was still suffering through the spice. So rec'd only for those who love that kick.
4	I stopped by Sunrise Cafe on a Tuesday morning around 10:30, and to my surprise it was pretty packed! It immediately assumed the food would be good. The restaurant is pretty unique. There's a standard open seating area, a bar area and in various places you can find nostalgic items for sale. We were seated right away. The menu features a variety of breakfast and lunch specialities - I opted for breakfast and chose Jacob's platter. It didn't take very long for our food to come out. Everything was hot and good, especially the potatoes. I would be completely content with a plate of cheese potatoes. I did taste their homemade turkey sausage, which is pretty awesome. They were pretty successful in making turkey taste just as good as pork - actually better. Service was excellent and prices were great. If you have the Entertainment Book, you there's a BOGO 50% coupon. I'd return.
