5	whent X-mas eve....left at 1:30am place was pretty full...wile most of schootsdale was DEAD....ok had 2 non alcohol.....wait! red bull and tonic was only $2!!! and red bull and vodka was $6....may be chrismas came early!2 pool tables...and shuffel board and Darts and......BEER PONG!!!!big out doors you can smoke and play area....when it was full it was hard to get a drink if you didn't have breasts....but thats not bad enough to take down a star......
4	Great local dive bar which has been around for over 25 years now... This place is really big with a massive, covered, air-conditioned outdoor smoking area. Shuffleboard, pool, ping pong, and darts... This place gets really busy, and much younger on weekend nights.Best to go here mid week after 11pm...
5	Patties Rocks.  Great drinks, fast service, ping pong, juke box, thats all I remember...
3	decent place to catch a buzz/get plastered and meet random strange people. 3 bucks for a coors/miller lite..evening/late night beer pong. just dont touch your lips to those cups..
4	I've been coming here forever, but I always forget it's there. The layout of this place is great, though it suffers during the week when the place is empty. In other words, you really notice when there aren't enough people here. When it's busy or packed, it's highly entertaining. This is the kind of bar where you're likely to see a fight break out. It's also the kind of bar where you're likely to have some decent luck making out with a random if that's what you're looking for. Everyone here at least seems to be looking for fun (in whatever form that may come) - what more could you ask for? People love to dance here. Clumsy drunk ladies seem to gravitate towards the "stripper pole" like flies to fly paper and make complete asstards of themselves by ending up on the floor half a dozen times while trying to look sexy. The dudes in here range from cheesy Scottsdale club dudes who didn't manage to get lucky at the nightclubs to what appear to be buff tattooed skinheads. The girls range from classy to skeezy, but everyone in here seems reasonably attractive and down to earth. It's at least a good girl to guy ratio.  We even saw a 70 year old man with white hair (who could probably put us both in headlocks) dancing the night away with ladies 1/3 his age. It's a perfect mix for whatever your needs are... if you want to people watch, it's amazing. Watching people walk up to each other and just start playing grab-ass or making out, you would think they were dating - but you never know. The love seems to flow freely here. It's just a really unique vibe. People seem to leave their insecurities elsewhere when they come. The bartenders aren't the most attentive or nice when it's busy, but I'm sure they get a lot of assholes in there. I imagine if you're a slow night regular, you'll get preferential treatment when they see you.The patio is practically indoors - in fact, it's tough to notice you're "outside" unless it's daytime or it's raining. This is about as close to smoking indoors at a bar as you can come, and when you combine that with beer pong, loud music, random dancing, random hookups, casual atmosphere and cheap bottle beers - what you get is very similar to a great American working class backyard summer house party. It can get pretty trashy, but it's tough not to have a good time. Plus, it's a nice change of pace from the rest of the bars and clubs in the area.It's not the coolest place ever, but it's definitely underrated.
1	Ok...I am into dive bars.  This place is not a dive bar, it is just plain filth.  I never felt so disgusting in a drinking establishment in my life.   My drink was horrible and my partner in crime was getting hit on by some nasty guy with sores on his face.  People were playing beer pong on a ping pong table...which then made me feel like I was 16 years old.  I am actually embarassed for this place.
5	I read everyone else's review of Patty's and I'm thinking...Scottsdale snobs perhaps? I also assume they are referring to "nightlife" at Patty's which I do not know anything about. Here's what I can tell you. Stop in here any day of the week before 4-5pm and you'll think you walked into Cheers. The bartenders know pretty much everyone that comes in by first name, very friendly people. I was so surprised at how friendly. I've hardly shown up here 1 time and not met someone or talked to the bartender or some old man at the bar. If you prejudge people, maybe not the best place for you, if you enjoy conversations almost guaranteed and with super nice people, give it a try next time you're in Old Town during the day. I mean, it's in Scottsdale and the snobs that live here tend to look down on others. I shouldn't be surprised by the reviews, but whatever. Enjoy!
5	If you want to watch more than 8 people in any given night make total asses of themselves, indulge in stiff, cheap drinks, compete in a mess of bar athletics, or stand in a corner alone being judgemental, Patty's is the place for you!  I love this bar.  Sure, I'm a tad weirded out by it almost every time I cautiously enter but whatever, adventures in bar hopping never hurt anyone.  And usually, once I hop into Patty's I'm there for the long haul.  Theres a whole slew of randoms here--some "Scottsdale" types, some biker types, frat boy types, your grandfather, a homeless pregnant woman...a melting pot of boozers, all out to have a good time.  Its an outdoor-but-indoor establishment so those of you who are out to destroy your lungs and my evening by puffing on Newports all night, youre free to do so here, without my complaining.  Drinks wont break the bank and you can dance your little heart out to a wide range of tunes.  Leave your snot attitude at the door (or dont, most patrons here are too drunk to care about your Choos getting stained by their spilling red headed slut), Pattys isnt the cleanest or most trendy spot in Old Town. Which makes it one you simply cant pass up.
4	I find it peculiar how mixed the review's are on Pattie's 1st Ave Lounge...  The only reason I don't give it five stars is because they don't have tap beer; if they did, this would be a definite five-star establishment in my book - for what it is, and what it is is a dingy party bar.  It is a party bar that reminds me a mid-sized, small-town Wisconsin dive bar where there's always someone drinking, always someone smoking, and always someone shooting pool or playing shuffleboard - all things you can do at Pattie's.I've probably been to Pattie's at least 20 times in the 1.5 years I've lived in Scottsdale, and every time has been equally as different and equally as entertaining.  I've reunited with Wisconsin college friends there and I've met successful business owners there.  I've danced with old women and drunk-as-a-skunk Sombrero-wearing amigos, as well as cougars and girls in their twenties wearing heels and tight skirts, and never have I ever witnessed anyone who was not having a good time.  Sure, Pattie's is not for everybody, but it is for anybody.  Pattie's does not discriminate, nor does Pattie's incriminate; its a place to get wasted and its a place to blow off steam.  Every town needs a place that allows one to lose their inhibitions with reckless abandon while listening to disco favorites and top 40 hits alike, and thank god Scottsdale has it in Pattie's Lounge.Sure, I'm not going to go to Pattie's more than 2 or 3, maybe 4, times in a month, but when I need her, she's there, and for that I am thankful.There's a fireplace, too, along with a beer pong table, ceilings full of ancient lights, strobes, and disco balls, as well many different perches to set one's beer.  Its a place to wear your hoodie in winter and drink your beer with gloves, and a place to wear your skimpiest cutoffs in the summer, and let the sweat run down your face.As for the one-star reviewers of Pattie's - I agree with much of what they say.  Is Pattie's disgusting? Sure, a little bit.  Are the drinks sometimes crappy?  Sure.  But aren't all of us a little disgusting and crappy sometimes?  I know I am - and that's when I go to Pattie's to get my drink on.
3	LOL @ Andrea K... Fun dirty place for sure, which is what makes it fun! ! Ping pong tables are sweet dude! Yeeeaaaahhh! Just actually came home from that area and we stopped there for a bit. . . Was cool when the 'DJ' played what we requested. Then we later found out he was part-owner. Seemed to work out pretty well. Only complaint is that the 'DJ' is  in a cage and we can't grab the mic and announce that the dance floor is happening and needs dancers!
3	I have to be in the right mood to hit Patty's up.  Although the awe-ness of Scottsdale clubs (ie Myst, Axis, Etc.) has long since worn off, I still feel like I'm entering a third world country when I head down to Patty's.  The drinks are cheap, my old roommates who went to Arcadia High School know 1,000,000 people there, and the DJ looked like he was about 80 years old but spins all sorts of popular top 40 music.  I wouldn't "not recommend" Patty's, but like I said, you have to be in a certain mood to head there.  I'd much rather roll over to Coach or Acme or Brackin's.
1	Pattie's...I don't get it.
2	Whenever I find myself at a dive bar, I usually reach for Purell and a brown paper bag.  Pattie's made me wish for both of those AND an invisibility cloak.  I didn't want to see anyone at Pattie's, and I didn't want to be seen there.  Don't get me wrong, I had a great time hanging out with my friends, but I'd much rather hang out with them somewhere else.Patties looks like a frat house, and not the good kind.  Drunk and potentially high gentlemen (some sporting half-mullets) were playing beer pong on a 3/4-regulation size ping pong table.  By 'playing,' I mean they were missing the cups by 6 feet.  If they were playing baseball, they would have walked the bases loaded, and then walked in a couple of runs!  The old, outdated TVs were tuned to the all-important "no signal" channel.  Our attempts to change the channel to literally ANYTHING else proved fruitless.  Because of the 3-wall rule (apparently, you can smoke wherever the room only has 3 walls) AND the lack of air conditioning, I inhaled more second-hand smoke than I intended to.  At least the bartender, who made ME look like a skinny midget in comparison, kept fishing bottles of beer out of an ice-filled cooler.We stayed at Pattie's for a short while and called it a night.  Maybe I am too old or too much of a neat freak, but Pattie's is just not for me.
5	I've lived in Scottsdale for 3 years, and Pattie's has definitely become my cheers! The staff are all super friendly. It does get busy late on Friday & Saturday evenings and may take longer to get a drink - but show a little patience and the bartenders will not only get you your beverage as quick as they can, they'll probably remember your name and what you ordered when you come back for more! The crowd on the weekends is pretty accurately described in other reviews - it's a mix of  a little bit of everything. Always proves entertaining though, and is a nice change of pace from the other clubs and lounges in Old Town. I like Pattie's because it reminds me of the places I used to go on campus at MSU, even more so than any of the bars in Tempe. Pattie's is a great place to go and relax with friends any night of the week, and always a good time on a Sunday afternoon or after a spring training game. If you're looking for a classy night out on the town leave Pattie's off your list (although it's always a great last minute stop at closing time and there's always a cab waiting out front!). But if you're looking to have a few brews and maybe some pink shots with great friends - Pattie's 1st Ave is #1!!!
1	I am by NO means a fancy-club kind of drinker. I prefer comfy, dark dives... but this place is so freakin' dirty even the roaches don't hang out here.Hot and sweaty (in Arizona did A/C ever occur to you?), an indoor-smoky atmosphere, shitty music that is cranked up so loud the speakers give feedback, sketched-out patrons who stand around by themselves and stare at girls (the ones who have dates, even)... not to mention there is no tap beer and only plastic cups for mixed drinks. ~NARF!~
3	Reading the negative reviews on this place is exactly why I think it is A-OK.  Do not go in to this place expecting bottle service and a broad dancing to the chemical brothers.....Reminds me of a bar back in Ohio which is sometimes hard to find in Scottsdale.  If you are looking for some cheap drinks, chill crowd, and an occasional game of beer pong then give it a try.
5	Old Town Scottsdale.  Sigh.  You have this mystique.  This notoriety.  There are people all over the country that have heard that you provide an amusement park's worth of entertainment, and you never, and I mean NEVER, fail to come up short of my expectations.  You're like that chick that I see all over the place that I can't fuckin wait to take out, and when I finally do I get home with no money, no dignity, and the bluer balls than a smurf on Viagra.Then there's Pattie's.  AHHHHHH!!  PATTIE'S!!!  What the fuck are you doing in Old Town?!?  You're like Joe Montana in a room full of Matt Lienarts; so unbelievably awesome that you could literally walk up to every bar around you and punch them in the throat and everyone would just say, "It's Joe Montana, I have no problem with that.".  If you've never been to Pattie's, that's probably because you never knew it existed.  It's hidden amongst a bunch of goofy stores that still somehow succeed in selling that awful Turquoise jewelry that tourists love so much, and Schlotsky's Deli, king of the overpriced crap sandwich and half bag of chips combo, far far away from the rest of the bars that make me love to hate Old Town.  You can go trough the front door on 1st Ave, or if you're super sick of Scottsdale door guys like I am, you can use the back alley access, just look for the dumpster behind Chase Bank.  (There's no shithead door guy at Pattie's, just wanted to bring up how much I hate shithead Scottsdale door guys.)The first thing you'll notice when you walk in is that, people are actually having a good time.  Laughing, smiling, conversing.  Not just standing around trying to look cool and hating on everyone else around them cuz they dont have the newest rhinestone-studded vest or Steve Madden boots or whatever the hell else is hip at Myst that weekend.  Next, you'll see the ping-pong tables, being used for either traditional pong, or everyone's favorite, Beer Pong.  There's also shuffleboard and Golden Tee, if you're instantly drawn to any competitive arena like I am.  Pattie's is a true dive bar, in that, it doesn't give a FUCK.  You want draft beer?  They don't have it.  Drink it out of a bottle and shut up.  (It's better from the bottle anyway).  It's smokey in certain parts, but that's negated by the fact that that area is an open courtyard, which rocks most of the year because you get the beautiful AZ weather in a bar.  Yeah, its a little hotter in the summer, and a little colder in the winter, but if you're at Pattie's you're no doubt slammed so you dont care.What I love most about Pattie's is the people.  Everyone is welcome.  There are no guidelines, except  the willingness to have a good time.  You'll see anybody and everybody there, and they'll all have a smile on their face.  Cougars dancing with other cougars dancing with college kids dancing with old dudes dancing with nerds dancing with (insert the most random person you've ever seen at a bar here).  So if you find yourself at Axis-Radius wishing you had a noose around your neck, walk over to Pattie's grab a Bud Light bottle, and enjoy Old Town for once.
4	Patties, What in the hell are you doing in Old Town Scottsdale? I am just really having a hard time understanding this concept, and the fact that you are hidden in between a bunch of wak ass overpriced boutiques that sell things not even my grandmother would buy is beyond me. But you know what, lets get past that for a minute.I visited you on the day I returned from my last Houston trip. I was DD, so therefore I REALLY got a feel for what you are like like without any alterations, and even got annoyed, because there is really nothing more irritating than being tired and jet-lagged and watching everyone else get saucy while you inhale Marlboro lights to keep your shit cool. Entertaining to say the least though.. especially the part where some huge dude thought it would be a good idea to eff with the hanging space heater that I was afraid was going to fall off the wall at any second while yelling at his "bitch" to shut up and put on a sweater. Or the owner, who comes outside, sits down, lights a cigarette and doesn't take one goddamn puff of it, NOT ONE. Just lets it burn while he kicks up his feet.. I'm certainly not one to spend $7 on a pack of cigarettes I don't intend to smoke, but hey, different strokes for different folks. You have pool tables, and darts, and random ass sports and western shit hanging up everywhere.. But lets talk about the bathrooms... As a woman, sitting on a public toilet seat is one of the most repulsive things in the universe.. so you geniuses decided to install handle bars in front of us, so we can hold on while we hover.. I have never seen this before, and I appreciate it. Especially since the stalls are tiny. I will appreciate it even more when I cannot stand correctly and am falling all over the place trying not to sit on the pee infested seat next time I am there. You have wonderful whisky, which makes me an auto-fan, full bar, and lots of beers to choose from. Your service was decent and you're not the cleanest joint in the neighborhood but dudes, I understand you're a DIVE. So thank you for being just that. P.S. Let me remind everyone that they shouldn't enter you thinking its going to be like every other Scottsdale bar.. this my friends, is truly for those of us who don't give a shit about aesthetics and just want to drink.
4	Yes... ping pong, pool, shuffleboard and darts. Although they replaced one of the dart boards with a lame video game. Patio (which is partially enclosed) shouldn't be used for smoking but it is considered a patio. So if you don't like smoke, stay away from this area. Otherwise the booze pours generously and the place gets packed on weekends! Yes, they serve Malibu... so I can get lit while I beat the boys playing games :)
4	As we painfully window-shopped our way down 1st Ave. to Pattie's I couln't help but wonder how this rumored "cool" dive bar could be hidden amongst kachina dolls and leather-engraved belt shops...A little smokey, gritty, hidden diamond in the rough that is Pattie's sticks out of Old Town Scottsdale like an '89 Honda Accord valet parked at Suede Lounge.The bar is tucked away amongst Scottsdale's awful "3 C's"... cougars, country western attire and bad cowboy art. Upon walking into the bar, I was really surprised -- the crowd of people was plucked from every category - grunge kids, frat idiots, musician wannabe's, tommy bahama shirts, and the occasional Scottsdale douche. We ended up staying there all night, and I danced with a nice, (but hilariously nasty) retired couple with palm trees on their shirts!! This place is literaly a melting pot of drunk peeps. They are a little slow on service, but I don't blame them on St. Paddy's it was packed! They serve their drinks pretty stiff (thats what she said) and I think I would definitely hit up this spot again!
1	Not much has changed at Patties, I'm sorry to report. What has is that they upgraded the TVs! The place is still filthy and reminds one of a bad frat house or a Gila Bend bar, as some have mentioned. It's the dive of dive bars that I have been in through out my USA and Canadian travels. Oh it's no longer cheap to to drink there and they do now have glassware not just plastic cups for your drinks, so that has changed. The barkeeper, is an old guy who has been there past his prime. There are photos of him among photos of the crowds on a board where he looks 15 years younger. By now he has no personality and patience for the drinking crowd and this was at the start of Happy Hour on a Tuesday! The way he throws together a mixed drink or offers up the beer/wine list you can tell he just doesn't care anymore. It's pretty awful and sad at the same time. One day a week ( I forget which) according to the flier on the wall they offer up a patty (aka burger) night. No other food is served here and how they get the OK to serve on that night from the health board is a mystery. Maybe the pull out a grill into the parking lot, is my best guess. The jukebox is a newer version of the equipment, but I didn't stick around to hear it. A regular, some creepy skinny dude said he was going to play it, but warned me no one wold like what he played. I took him at his word. The place has a few hundred dollars of mostly US $1 bills stuck on the walls and ceiling in the area close to the bar. They have words, names and comments boldly inked on them. The barkeeper was busy stapling a few recent ones to the wall. He commented to another customer when asked, that he doesn't read them, ever! because only the drunk write and leave them. My what an attitude for one in the drinking& hospitality business! Among those mostly dirty and yellowing from nicotine bills you will see a sign near the old gold register handwritten selling "All Cigarettes are $10"! Holy Moley and I don't smoke! But apparently many of the patrons do, because the building is split down the center leaving the place open to the sky and elements, which apparently allows them to forgo the nonsmoking ordinances now in effect for establishments. So many freely light up and smoke in the center of the floor/building. Out of sheer curiosity, on my why out I opened the the women's room door. Eeewwe, the place recked like a bad outhouse, though it had a nice white new pedestal sink and commode, but their was no way I could stomach the room to even primp in the mirror!I did manage to take a picture at the bar to give you a glimpse of the place. Hopefully it will help you check the stop off your list. Oh and one other thing, I wish bar owners would not publish their political views with bumper stickers in ther establishment - put it on your car or not post it.
3	Wasn't here for long, but they made me a pretty strong drink for a good price.  I like the atmosphere, cool little dive bar.  I would come back for sure.  Great location too.
4	Patties...where everybody knows your name!! Or they will eventually if you visit enough. OK, so this is your typical dive bar filled with the awesomeness and character that any dive bar should have. It's right in the heart of Old Town, so you can stumble here whenever your heart desires a dive, and over the years my heart has led me to Patties many a night. But what's a bar without games to keep you there? Not a bar if you ask me and this is one of the main reasons why Patties stole my heart. Ping pong, shuffle board, darts, pool and they also allow you to convert the ping pong tables to the home of beer pong and flip cup or whatever new game you've created for the night. Oh and did I mention that they have a dance floor? Yes, this bar doesn't let you down. Knowing that once you enter, you'll be sucked in for the night, don't worry about getting in a fight with your wallet. They keep the drinks priced at dive bar prices and the bar staff's on their A-game with wetting your palate quickly and consistently. Day drinking, night drinking or day to night drinking ... plan on skipping or slurring your way to Patties. You won't be disappointed as long as you come inside with dive bar expectations. It's a dive, so I'd normally give this 3.5 stars but since I have a secret crush on Patties I rounded up to four.
3	I came here two nights in a row... in the same outfit.  I also saw a bunch of people on the second night that I saw the first night, further making my inability to get dressed that day unfortunate.  Oh well, it's just Pattie's and as my gusband (gay husband) pointed out, no straight man is going to notice that I wore the same outfit as yesterday.Some things to note:There are all sorts of characters inside from frat boy types to old men with vertical eye scars like Mufasa's evil brother in the Lion King.  The jello shots come in a shitty Dixie cup that gets mushy and shapeless making it impossible to get your vodka filled jello out without looking like a heathen. There are a lot of regulars that seem to come every night. You will run into someone you know.  So don't recycle last night's outfit out of laziness. This will be the one bar in Scottsdale that will make you smell like smoke when you leave. I guess that's it.For some reason I just don't get all excited over this place (I don't want to relive middle school) .  I'd rather go to Coach House if I'm in the mood for a bar like this, but fun can be had here nonetheless.
3	I felt like I was in another decade last week upon entering Pattie's. Maybe the 1990's? 90's Music 90's Clothing (mixed with some Scottsdale-type trendy girls. Why they were there I have no clue) 90's Hairdo's on Men. It was so bizarre! Overall, a decent divey bar with ping pong (Nick dominated the table for 10 straight wins), pool, and decent juke box. Ladies room was clean!
4	I like this bar alot. The drinks are cheap for the area, not watery and the shenanigans are HILARIOUS!  Drunk kids making out, hands on asses, under skirts- you name it. Of course you have to come after 11pm. I find the men are generally attractive but are sporting the hideous khaki's and flip flops- please with the damn flip flops!!!  Do you think you are Jimmy Buffett?One thing to remember is there is half of the place without a roof, safe in Scottsdale one might say----Wrong!  The first time I went it rained all over my flip flops!
4	For someone who hates dive bars, I can't believe I'm a fan of Patti's! There really is something for everyone at Patti's Pool tables, video games, stripper pole, juke box.... smoking.  You'll also notice that there is really not a crowd "type" here.  Total randomness!  I've been to Patti's at least a dozen times, and it is always good for 3 things:1.  Stiff Drinks2.  Getting  tipsy and not giving a "Darn"3.  Watching the less coordinated attempt to use the stripper pole!On the down side, it can take some time to get your drinks becuase there is typically only a couple bartenders for a fairly large facility.
3	I love me some dive bars, and in that regard Patties doesn't disappoint.  It's definitely not trying to be anything other than what it is.  But despite the authenticity of it's dive status, it's definitely not my favorite place and I'm stretching a bit to reach the 3 stars.  Here's why:-No beer on tap.  Come on!  Don't be fooled by their little Guinness light, it is not a tap!  If you order one they'll produce a can or bottle.  Trickery!-Smoky, smoky, smoky.  The half covered/open patio produces the most smoke I've ever found in any establishment under current laws.-Almost always understaffed.  Until the back bars are opened (9'ish, 10'ish?) there is one bartender, and on weekend afternooons expect the place to be relatively busy with tourists, pub-crawlers, and your regular alcoholic day drinkers.The "bonuses".....or features that lead to its authentic dive bar status include wickedly strong drinks, slight everpresent odor of vomit in the air, and absolutely the worst restrooms in all of Scottsdale.  Enter with expectations in line and see if Patties is the place for you.
4	I'm in Scottsdale, bitch! While it's not a city that usually gets shout outs, Pattie's may change all that.It's home to some cool bartenders, cool patrons, cool tunes, and cool decor. Helloooo Mr. Washington! You've officially been defaced, which I am pretty sure is illegal, but all in good fun, so don't get your presidential panties in a wad.Chill place to hang in a city that needs to be rep'd more often!
4	A dive bar that hits all the dive bar notes: inexplicable decor, cheapish drinks, hodge-podge of people, and random activities going on.I went with a group after a show in Scottsdale and found the crowd to be welcoming. Sort of a neighborhood joint that just is. Some dudes playing chess, dollar bills taped to the wall, a surfboard, strings of holiday lights. Come as you are.The folks working the bar areas were nice and no one had to wait long for their drinks. Then again, it's not exactly craft cocktails going on here, so they're playing the quantity game. Easy enough to drop in, drop out, and spend some time with friends without too much blaring music or self-described VIPs.
4	Dolla dolla bills, y'all... on the ceiling, that is. This place is covered with personalized dollar bills, and if you look closely enough you'll see some Chilean currency up there courtesy of my group the other week. It seems like everyone has that one dive bar that they're just in love with, where the bartenders know you and hook you up with a free drink or two once in a while, where the ambiance is nothing to write home about but somehow it always manages to provide a good time. This seemed to be the place for my Phoenix coworker, the lovely Lindsey F, and she raved about it the whole week we were visiting her in Scottsdale. Finally, on the last night we were able to stop by to see for ourselves, and it lived up to the hype! This is the kind of place where there's no need to ask for a drink menu. In fact, I'm pretty sure they don't even have a drink menu. Just order a beer off the tap or your go-to cocktail, or ask the bartender to surprise you with a special shot (something we did quite a few times and weren't disappointed). If you request a song with the DJ it's likely to come on about 10 seconds after, which is awesome and rare. It's here that I first learned of the Cupid Shuffle, though it seemed like everyone else in the bar was already a pro. Old dudes, college kids, everyone seems to gather here to relax, and there's plenty to keep you occupied. You might think these places are a dime a dozen, but it's actually a fine craft to perfect the ideal dive bar. So congrats, Pattie's - you may not have craft cocktails but you have the craft of dive bars down pat(ties)!
3	I want to give a hearty yay! to Patties for one main reason: I love that in a trendy night life zone like Old Scottsdale there is a more neighborhoody, almost divey bar like this one. It would be a refuge to people like me who avoids any kind of "scene." Or so it seems. In short, I felt kind of bamboozled by this place. It's not a dive...unless maybe by Scottsdale's standards. I didn't check out enough places to be able to say this is the case.I take issue with the fact that Kettle One is $8. Them's "scene" prices. Argh! Rather outlandish, especially given the deceptively grungy environment. I mean, there's "bar family" photos all over the place! You don't charge family an arm and a leg for a drink, do you? ;) I jest. You fooled me, though, Patties. I thought we were buds...
4	this place reminded me of home- i love dive bars... this was even top notch with the dollar bills and stripper pole! The people are cool here and the well you can't do anything about the patrons- there's a different mixture of all ages here. We ended meeting some really drunken swedes and and they even wrestled the locals in a hay match! good times.. .probably will venture here again next time I'm in town.
4	If I'd have to describe Pattie's in one word, it would be "confused". But that's not necessarily a bad thing. It's like a big of mixture of things up in here. The crowd is very mix. Young and old, different ethnic backgrounds, nerds, cholos, douchebags and so forth... every walk of nature can be found here. The decor is just as confusing. It reminds me of the jungle book, but with some christmas lights, and a football jersey here and some party hats there, pasters everywhere, chains across the walls, oh and dollar bills galore on the ceilings.... it's like a hot mess. But I love it.  Drinks are inexpensive. We usually walk over here after dinner nearby to end our night. It's a good place to chill out and people watch while sippin' on a few drinks.Ohhh & Big ups to the old man (the owner, I believe) rockin' it in the dj booth. He puts out some awesome jams. Now that's the business!
4	There's not really much to say about Pattie's. It's a dive. Not the classiest of joints. Not the shadiest either. It's a good time though.It's your typical, bar. Dark. Dirty. Smells like old liquor, cigarettes and good times from years past. It's the bar that makes you feel like you are in a bar, and not some wussy movie theater, or some pretentious lounge.You come here to drink and have a good time. Not to be miserable and sit at home.
3	This place seems like a place to be seen... as long as you are wearing something super duper flashy, like a massive afro wig with a basketball jersey, as seen when I was here.This place is HUGE.  There are bars everywhere, people milling around with different areas with different music.  It's crowded and people are loud... so it's also a good place to blend in and NOT be seen if you choose not to be. Note for the ladies... TINY TINY BATHROOM.  Why the hell do bars do this? Have they NOT heard about how it is when you break the seal???
5	this is such a great bar. they have beer, they have pool, they have that funny sliding disk game, music, dancing and part of it is even open air. every time we have a cruiser pub ride we come here. the crowd is laid back and relaxed and always out to have a good time. you can wear your affliction t-shirt or the cargo pants you wore while painting the house, it doesn't matter. easy walking distance to any food places to grease that beer gut. always fun, always patties!
4	Best dive bar!  This is the place to start or possibly end your night!  Carefully with the drinks....they can be a little strong (they way I like them!).  Getting a drink can be a little difficult at times but the atmosphere is the reason why people stop in.  Its a causal place to have some drinks with friends and don't have to worry about all the snooty Scottsdale crowds.  I love Patties because it reminds me of a dive bar back home.    On your next stop to Old Town, stop here and take a swing on the pole!
2	Pattie's is ok, for an Old Town, neighborhood dive bar, but...$4 for a bottle of Sam Adams? Really?? I know, I know...it's Scottsdale. But still. Get over yourselves. The night I paid that for my Sam's (yes, I went through with it and paid that much), I think there was one other person there - an old man in the corner. Seriously. No music, or entertainment. The place was dead. I thought, "get over yourselves," chugged my Sam's and left to go find civilization - after contemplating telling the bartender where to stick his Sam's (he's actually a really nice guy, so I let it go, but he actually asked if I wanted change from a 5. Uh, yeah, dude). $2.50 tops for that, Pattie's. The fooseball tables and fireplace can't save this one.
5	A lovely sticky dirty dive bar. A place I have no trouble acting the fool in!!! I just wish I could get my beverages a schmidge faster.
5	i love this place!!!! all of the bartenders rock the casbah! its a fun, laid back environment!
3	My AA group met here Saturday night (Affordable Alcohol).  Dive-y indeed, this place felt like it was made for the mardi gras/college crowd.  Though I must say the patrons were pretty cool.  I don't remember the music they were playing, but it was loud and heavy.  Just remember someone telling me the owner of the bar (who looked 90) was grooving on the dance floor with some gal.  Kudos!  Keep rocking man!  There were pools tables that I didn't think made sense because the place was packed -- I guess on a slow night it's all good.  Try the punching game that tests out your punching power -- that's always fun!  Drinks were definitely affordable and the crowd is not your typical Scottsdale crowd har har... - Enjoy!
5	Best dive bar in Scottsdale, dance floor, pool tables, multiple bars...
4	Great vibe here and everyone dances. Had a good time here dancing and there's no cover. I'm used to SF prices and having to pay a cover for every club you walk into.
4	Patties is in great location near the heart of everything in Old Town.  It's a Scottsdale version of a dive bar (Cen Pho peeps, this means it's "classy" for us! haha).   I like the somewhat confusing layout of the bar with several rooms and bars, you can mix things up.  There's always an interesting mix of people, especially depending on the time of day you are there.  It's an older crowd doing some day-drinking on the weekends, jamming to the band and the crowd gets progressively younger as the night wears on  (or maybe that's my imagination as the drinks add up??). I like bars that have activities to keep me entertained whilst drinking it up  -  Pattie's scores 5 stars in that category!   You can play shuffleboard, pool, ping pong, take out your aggression on the boxing game or just hang out and enjoy the people watching.   I like live music, so I dig it when the band is playing, but they also have great music playing when there isn't a band.  People love to dance here too.  Great bar, great vibe, bring your dolla bills and add it to the wall and ceiling collection.  You'll have fun, I promise!
4	This is one of our MUST DO's during our yearly visit for spring training.  L
4	Oh, Patties, I just have one question for you- Where have you been all my life? One of my favorite dives in Old Town.  Great place for day drinking, or  weekend shenanigans.  It's big, it's fun, and the beer is cheap! I faintly remember some live music and dancing as well. All good things if you ask me. So if your in the mood for a good dive- check this place out! And if you see me here- buy me a drink!
5	I went here for a night of boozing with some friends this weekend and I must say it consists of 3 things:1. Homey - one of the friendliest places I have been to in Scottsdale.  You need to come here if you want to hang out with your friends and make new ones.2. Down and not so dirty - This place you can get down on their dance floor and all around the bar and do it with a good amount of cleanliness around you.3. Beer Acquisition - You can grab a beer in about 3 places around the bar and the bartenders do their job well.KUDOS!
3	I like Pattie's on the weekdays because you can play ping pong, sit by the fire and play darts/pool etc. The weekend is HORRIBLE. It's so crowded and it's an open rooftop so it gets REALLY hot. Plus the last time I went, there were crazy,stupid drunk people causing drinks to fly everywhere. I didn't appreciate constantly getting knocked into and wet with beer. I might come back during the weekdays but you will never find me here again on the weekend. I'm all about dive bars but my last visit scarred me for life.
4	This is a really interesting spot. It's one of the few bars in Old Town that does not care what you wear and the interior matches that. The crowds can be drastically different as well. This place is great if your looking to grab some drinks during a weeknight and don't want to be in a bar by yourself. They have ping pong. They have darts (I think I might have come close to killing someone one night). They have TV's. There is a semi outdoor area so you can smoke if you would like. We went for the first time recently on weekend night and the people there were a little too crazy. The place also gets transformed. All the bars are open, gone is the ping pong table, the space that is for dancing (I didn't realize until that night) has people on it. Hella drunk people almost causing problems kept bumping into us and yelling which was not so awesome. One last note to show they are true to their anti Scottsdale typical spot, they all use old school cash registers and paper clip a piece of paper to your credit card with your drinks. That's pretty unique in a day where everything is done by a computer.
4	Fun Bar... Totally Eclectic... kinda run down... divey-sorta.... TVs everywhere... pool tables and stuff to play or watch...Great Place to grab a beer and hang out.It's a happening spot on Friday night but it's not wall to wall people because you can actually move around and get a drink yet lots of fun people watching.Lots of different types/ages enjoy this bar... and it is a bar... so be prepared to stand most of the time and mill around.Good place to bring a small group of people to have fun.
5	Went here last night for the first time in years. I used to hang out all the time here when I was younger. It was packed by 1030. Great music mostly top 40 and hip hop..no techno yay! Good looking crowd and not as pretentious and the rest of Scottsdale. Everyone had a blast..dancing everywhere. Friendly crowd. Reasonably priced drinks for Scottsdale. I cannot wait to come back. Patties still has it!
2	This is a large place with multiple bars and cheap drinks. It could be a good dive type bar. The decor fits the role too. They have a shuffle board table which I personally enjoy. Unfortunately the night I was there a large group had it locked up.The first issue is the music. There is no real DJ, just someone the same age as my grandparents behind a fence likely using a less than desirable channel on Pandora. You can make requests by slipping a piece of paper through the fence.The other issue is the clientele, a touch douche heavy for me. Since they serve PBR in a can you also run the risk of a hipster infestation.The last issue for me is that they did not have any Mezcal. That is unacceptable for any bar in the Phoenix area.
3	I would say that I am too old for this dive bar, but when I look around Patties on a busy Saturday night, I observe an unusually high number of middle aged and older clientele.  I can see why people still come here.  There's plenty to do other than enjoy  a cheap drink and escape the club-scene on the other side of Indian School;  There's pool, random bar games, and a dance floor if you want to shake it.I remember enjoying Patties a lot more when I was younger.  It was a dive back then, too, but I don't remember it feeling so run down.  But what I really can't stand about Patties is the "open" roof top that covers about two-thirds of the bar.  Smokers love it.  I hate it.  It more or less turns Patties into what feels like the one bar in Scottsdale where you can smoke inside.  It's the one bar where you will wreak of cigarettes upon your exit (unless you sit at the small and cramped indoor bar).
4	Great dive bar.2 bars: one inside, one "outside. Decent prices, strong drinks. Theres a dance floor if you feel like shakin it w/ one of the local yokels, and pool tables, if youre so inclined.Getting a drink at the inside bar can sometimes be difficult, *have patience*. Theyre working as fast as they can.
5	The one thing most Ohio girls love is a dive bar, and Patties is one of the best dive bars I have ever been to. The service is excellent; the drinks are strong, and the bartenders are quick. There is so much to do at Patties. You can play ping pong, darts, Golden Tee. Are they shiny new tables? No, dummy, this is a dive bar! This bar seems out of place in snotty Scottsdale, but it is a reprieve for those of us who forgot our Gucci handbags and stilettos.
4	I've been to this place a few times since I moved to the area. It's a great "dive-y" bar with a lot of open space and tables. I'm a big fan of playing shuffleboard, so that is definitely a plus. Drink prices are fair and the crowd is usually fun-going and casual. It's a nice place to hang out with friends and have a few drinks when you want to get away from the Scottsdale club scene and just relax.
5	I love patties. Enough said :)
3	We randomly stumbled into Pattie's one night after having dinner in oldtown Scottsdale  and had a pretty good time.  This place is definitely a dumpy dive bar; kinda reminds me of a dirtier dos gringos.  I liked the layout of the bar, partly inside, partly outside, and there were plenty of portable warmers to keep everyone warm.  This place is full or character, both in decor and it's patrons.  There is a dance floor with a stripper pole and of course a dj (which was behind a gated wall).  Definitely had a good time people watching.  My one chief complaint was that this bar lets vendors come in and bother the crap out of you to buy roses and gum lol.  It honestly felt like we were in rocky point.
4	Whenever I would be in Old Town, all my friends would marvel in the fact that I had never been to Patties before, saying "It will be your new favorite bar," and "I can't believe YOU have never been here."  Well, now I live in Old Town, and it IS my favorite bar.  I like my bars divey, but with the right amount of people my own age so I dont feel like I'm intruding in some Cheers like 50-something day drunks bar where the music would stop when I walked in and everyone turns around and stares.So Patties.  I love you.  During the day, its not very busy, which means the ping pong table is usually open and the bar will keep my vodka sodas coming.At night, it turns into a "trendy dive" bar, where it is crowded, but with all the right people.  I usually end up making a new friend, playing shuffleboard, or enjoy the people watching from the patio(which you can smoke in).  So if you don's like places where you can smell people smoking, I would recommend not going to Patties.  But if you don't mind, and want to have a badass time in just your jeans and nothing fancy, then meet me at Patties!
5	Best place in Old Town.Enough said.
4	Carnage and chaos. Always a good time. Plenty of bar sports to keep you entertained, including billards, shuffleboard, and even ping-pong, which doubles as a beer-pong table. And they have a stripper pole, good for watching people embarrass themselves (don't be that guy!).
4	Patties is a decent dive bar. It gets a little crowded for my taste at times, but their cheap beer (pbr) is a good draw.Ping pong? Check...but only during the day. Pool tables? Check.Punching bag(speed bag) game? Check.A filthy dance floor to shake your groove thing on, manned by a dinosaur DJ hidden in his cage, looking strangely down on his minions? Check.Expect your time here to be rowdy.
4	Ok Ok...I might have been angry in my last review of Patties based on being spilled on. I have since come back and had a great time without an incident. I am going to rule that horrible experience as an isolated event and move on and give Patties the benefit of the doubt. My n my man met up with some of his old work buddies and had a great time. I actually had a very different experience this time. Got some drinks and mingled with a lot of random people. The drunkies were actually really nice unlike last time. They seemed to be really flirty this time in a hilarious way, complementing me whispering sweet nothings in my ear while i was obviously holding my man's hand. It was entertaining to flash my ring and have my man say "sorry she's taken." It was awesome seeing my future husband claim me so proudly. :) Oh Pattie's, you are too unpredictable. You're growing on me.
3	Not a huge fan of this place just because I'm not really into the dive bars but will say that their drinks are good and they have an open floor plan along with pool tables. Overall good. Lots of my friends like dive bars and love this place so I give it an "A-OK".
5	our st. patty's day cruise led us eventually to Patties. at 3pm, the place was rockin but not too crowded. we ordered some beers right away and even found a spot to sit and listen to the irish music band, before taking pictures with a few of the costumed revelers. the beer is cold and cheap. the bartenders have always been super friendly and easy going. the location and ambiance of patties just is hard to beat!
4	Pattie's is always a fun place to hang out. It's like a local dive spot but without the pretense. Casual, fun, no-frills, cheap drinks. Now that it's warm out I love the fact that they have the open ceiling in the front. Many nights I've been there, they've had a band playing, and they always celebrate the holidays with flare!
4	Looking for a nice dive bar in Scottsdale with a splash of Irish festivities? Look no further than Patties. This is probably the spot my friends and I head to to start our night or end it. Saying this early: I'm not sure about price but if my receipts from past weekends are any indication, it's not too expensive at all.If you go in the early evening Patties is pretty dead and quiet but gives you free room to play pool, shuffleboard etc. After 10 p.m. rolls through, this place quickly fills up. There's plenty of places to stand and sit if you snag them early, but careful as each part of the bar can get congested and tight (especially if you're trying to move through the middle of the bar)Music can be hit or miss. Last night I wasn't feeling the music rotation but last weekend I was all over the dance floor so just be prepared if you're looking to hit the floor here.This is probably my go-to spot now in Scottsdale. Good atmosphere, really colorful design and a popular dive bar that doesn't come off as high-class and overpriced.
5	Disclaimer: I'm pretty good at ping pong. This place has it. What makes ping pong even better? Beer pong. They let you do that, too.The bartenders were very friendly and offered quick service. I really enjoy the place when it's not too packed, so you can enjoy the dive bar ambiance without running into Zonie d'bags.
5	During my future sister-in-laws 21st birthday the bartender over at Blue Moose told us Patties should be out next stop.  I'm glad we listened.Drinks were cheap.Lots to do, ping pong pool and the like.But most importantly AMAZING service.  The bartenders here made her feel like a million bucks on a birthday with a less then stellar start.Especially Jason.  Jason, you sir, are a true bartender.  You realize that tending bar is not just pouring drinks.  A great bartender can make our break an experience, and he made ours.
1	I waited  at the bar to try and buy a drink after work tonight. I waited and waited and waited. The bartender was so slow, and preoccupied with friends that I never did get to buy a drink. The bar back was also no help. I wasn't the only one waiting! and I know I wasn't the only one pissed the bartender was inept. 15 minutes with a $20 in my hand, leaning into the bar trying to make eye contact with the bartender is simply unacceptable. Keep it, as I kept my 20 bucks!
5	This place brings back so many memories.  It is not a huge place but its been there as long as I can remember.  I used to go dancing here 15 years ago during my single years and now that I am married we both love dancing here still.  Very casual and its kind of outdoor/indoor when you are inside yet still cool in the summer.  I would not say its so loud you cant talk but still loud enough on the dance floor to have fun.  I hate places that are to loud and Patties does it right.  Parking sucks but it sucks everywhere in old town so get used to it, ha ha
3	Patties is kind of fun, but there's so much raunchiness going on, in my opinion. I've been to many clubs, bars, and pubs, but this one has a lot of creepy men. I like to go on slower days when I can actually dance with my friends, instead of pushing creeps away.  Some men are very inappropriate here, and if you push them off, they will have the excuse that you, "were asking for it by being single at a bar."  If you go to Patties, I suggest you go with at least a couple pals to avoid dealing with jerks.
4	I had a patties streak for a hot minute. Like for a solid month or so this is the only place I wanted to go to. That was until my roommates forced me to go here soberly to show me that it wasn't all I had made it out to be. Before that I really thought this place was as raging as a club in Vegas and that everyone here looked like super models but I soon realized that was because we came here late night and let's be real, everything looks 10 times better after midnight am I right? But really this place is awesome although its no Surrender or Tryst (but I'm sure if you drank enough it could be). It's a really fun place to end the night at and you will probably run into a few people you know around 1 am. The great part is that you could easily avoid them if you want to w cause this place is pretty big. But if you haven't gone here late night then you definitely should check it out, you can blame your awesome night and hangover on me
4	It's always a party at Patties! This bar has something for everyone. If you're not sure where to go, if you're with a big group, or if you're trying to please different personalities, I'd definitely recommend this bar. In case you're wondering though, it's not in any way quiet or fancy... so if your friend who only likes swanky-smooth bars is tagging along, sorry for them! Patties is loud and somewhat divey - although their drinks aren't super cheap and it isn't filled with strict regulars. It seems as though all kinds of people meet up here; regulars and tourists alike. The venue is split into 3ish open rooms; the actual bar, the ping-pong room; and then a room with a pool table, shuffleboard, and darts. Each area has plenty of seating... very spacious and casual; you won't feel stuffy.The bar itself is surrounded by people though, even on a Wednesday night, so just squeeze your way upfront. All the bartenders are super sweet, fast, and funny. Sit in here away from the games for some conversation, or hang by the jukebox so you can play the best songs! While I'm horrible at pool and so bad at ping-pong,I love a bar that offers free, first-come-first-serve games. And who doesn't love shuffleboard? It's always a blast!Patties can get a little crazy... at least the one night I was there! There might be loud, crazy people running around, folks playing flip-cup/spilling beer all over, plastic cups scattered across the floor... but no one really minds. It's the kind of environment where everyone is friendly and energetic. Oh... tons of dollar bills are signed and stapled to the walls and ceiling here, which I saw more than once in Phoenix and Scottsdale, so I thought I'd mention it... I like it!
4	Oh Pattie, you devilish dive bar you. Being bamboozled really does perfectly describe what happens here - thanks to Joi B for help with that key word. The guy behind the bar was super sweet, and got even sweeter in my eyes when my bar tab at the end of the night was $6! We were all pretty astonished at the low pricing here. Also, just my two cents, Patties should hire resident drinker Kim as their official spokesperson. Home girl really got the party going for our crew, challenging us in flip cup and keeping us laughing until our sides hurt. I'm not sure I'll ever drink another PBR or play another round of flip cup without thinking of Patties and Kim. Generally speaking, other bar goers were friendly and chill, minus the one Affliction-clad dude who ultimately was asked to leave after borderline verbally assaulting fellow customers - good call on the staff's part for making him leave! All in all, ping pong, shuffleboard, a punching game, pool, and lots of good people watching amounted in a memorable night that I immediately regretted as soon as I stepped onto my flight home.
4	After trying in vain to get a drink at the Rusty Spur, we found our way to Pattie's and I'm glad we did. There was enough room for our fairly large group to break off into several groups: 1) Those who want to sit at the bar and visit in a group 2) Those who want to sit at a table and gossip with one other person 3) Those who don't want to talk and just want to play games and have fun. The bartenders were helpful and fun, and the drinks were made quickly and properly and weren't too expensive. The volume and the speed of the place was just right for us. We all had fun, and I'm not the list bit ashamed to say Bella and Jennie and I closed the place down. We left when they turned on the lights, so I think it's safe to say I had a good time at Pattie's.
4	This place is on my "Dive Bar List" now. Cheep beer, pool table, ping-pong table, shuffle board, and just all around cool ambiance. Try spending an afternoon here and it will be on your list to.
1	I went here looking for a low key place to get drinks with some friends, as it should be at a dive bar like Patties, but unfortunately the night before Thanksgiving everyone else was doing the same. If there's a line out the front or the back, just go somewhere else. The staff, from the door guys to the servers, are completely untrained to handle any kind of crowd and it changed the vibe of our easy going night too fast.
5	Nice little dive bar in the heart of Oldtown Scottsdale.  This place has a very east coast feel.  It is very large compared to most bars in the area.  Great open air area and lots to do (pool, games, darts etc. . ).  LOVE the bartender, Jeff.  He always makes me laugh when I go in.  He is great with information about things to do around town too.
4	DISCLAIMER: This review was written by a Canadian.I wandered around Scottsdale my first night in Arizona while on a business trip, and found myself pulling up a spot at Patties bar. It's a fine place to grab a beer without knowing anyone, and I took comfort in the sweet, sweet divey-ness.  Loved it.There was a mix of locals also sitting solo the bar, who were more than willing to chat, and good classic gentleman of a bartender who seems to care about his bar and the people in it.Feel like being a little more social? There's a bunch of games to play including pool, darts, shuffleboard, and ping-pong.Now for the EXTRA special touches: They had the ((ice) hockey) game on! Aw yeh! Well, at least they did, until the lady next to me exclaimed that she didn't like hockey, asked the bartender to change it, then on came this gym game with an orange ball and these hoopy-dealies. Oh well, it was on long enough to win me over!Even without the game on, there was still an Oilers flag on the roof, and enough autographed hockey sticks to keep me happy.My sudden clarity - "Ha! They've got a 'No Guns Allowed' sign on the door. How hilariously ridiculous! I like your quirkiness, Patties, I think I'll have a drink here!" It wasn't until later that I realized the sign was completely serious, and not at all unusual around Arizona. The more you know...Thanks Patties. You guys are cool!
2	Sorry Patties - I've never liked you.  I've tried so hard, and maybe it's my fault for being too sober when I visit, but we've just never clicked, ya know?I've always been a fan of dive bars and you're a great change from the typical Old Town "club", but here's the thing:  you smell, you attract weirdos, and you yell at me whenever i pull out my credit card (I need points yo!).  That and being WAY too crowded is why I'm not a fan.  I hope you can understand.
4	Crazy weird design and layout, but cool place to have some beers and dance some dances. Yo Yo
4	Quite a rad place. I went by myself. It's not that kind of place on the weekends. Very friendly staff and a great mix of folks.
2	I had a great time, but that's probably just because of the company I was with. The drinks were weak, the pool tables were way too crowded (there are only 2), and the crowd was mostly older. After we chit-chatted with a couple different people we heard it was a cougar bar. I'll probably skip Patties on my next trip to AZ.
3	This bar is a lot of fun, but very weird....the later the night gets, the more older generation you'll see. It's not a bad thing, please don't get me wrong at all!But, us girls usually get hit on by people...who are at our dad's age. that's the creepy part. Drinks are unbelievably cheap! it's crazy.
1	Everyone was beyond wasted and very ignorant. I can't count how many times I almost got knocked down by someA**hole! People were making out to the extreme where it was just discusting! It was hard to get to the bar to order a drink because nobody was kind enough to make space. Yah, I definitely would not go back! I was embarrassed that I brought my friends there!
5	Only have visited in the day on Sundays. Good vibes, I like the smaller atmosphere. They have ping pong tables and you can ask for the red cups to play whatever drinking game you can think of on the table. I like pattys.
1	What a waste of time.   Been here before and it was fine.   I had no problems.   Apparently, the people who work here kicked my friend out of this place, for no reason.    And?   My friend got jumped right outside of that place.
3	Do you like not being able to hear yourself think?  Do you enjoy shoulder to shoulder crowds in small places with low strip-club'esque lighting? Do you love seeing drunk 20-somethings hooking up right before your eyes? What about bartenders that are far too busy to pay attention to the 30-something husky guy in the plaid shirt?  Boy have I got the place for you!!I can see the value in this place, but not at my age or tolerance level for douche-baggery.  I suppose, this place embodies most of why I avoid certain places in old town Scottsdale OR Mill ave.  Yeah, I enjoy letting loose and having a good time, but this just wasn't my scene.  Sure there were plenty of people who were easy on the eyes, it was just my brain that wanted to vomit.  I do not fault the establishment for this - but did not enjoy my time there in any way shape or form.  Even just asking for an ice-water (it was that time) was a complete hassle and incredible inconvenience despite my generous tip.
5	The most amazing bar! Nate is the best bar tender ever! He is quick and gets your drinks  right! Scottsdale can turn up with this spot! #teamnate
4	Great dive bar, multiple bars, pool tables, and even a ping pong table.  Good for dancing on the weekends.  Bartenders are always helpful and the beer is cold and less expensive than most.  If you want to get away from the crazy crowds with much better music than most clubs (until the late night dance party takes over).  This is the place.  Big fan.
4	This is another old school bar that probably hasn't changed in years and that is the way it should stay. The inside:Dollar Bills are everywhere are on the walls]Domestic Bottles are three bucksThe Ac works well.'Mostly a tourist bar, so fun depends on how many drinks and what midwest town they come from.Two nice Tv sets at barThe outside:Long shuffleboard tableBatttered and tattered pingpong tableJukebox availableBig Tv and dusty coach near frontSmokers paradiseIt all works out pretty well and a good time is usually had by all, mostly starting a night, but day weekend drinking also semi-popular.
5	This is one of my FAVE dive spots! It is pretty primitive and tons of tacky decor, old Christmas lights and CHEAP drinks! Watch out - they are strong too.This is a good "starting off platform" in Old Town before venturing out to bigger venues.Be prepared for the TRUE dive experience of having cigarette smoke attached to your clothing and hair as well as older bar flies buzzing around trying to put in work. Bartenders are all peaches, too.
5	one of the best bars I have been, everyone is super friendly and having a great time, I will definitely go back there and bring my friends
4	Aww Patties...so many drunken nights I've shared with you. This place is awesome! I've never had a bad time here. I love that it's very "come as you are" but there's also a dance floor, shuffleboard and pool so you can do whatever you want. Last time I came here, they played the song "Wild Ones" by Flo Rider and it was hysterical to watch drunk people dance and sing along. Just one of several awesome memories I'll always take with me from Patties.
5	I love this little dive bar it's definitely a dive bar the drinks are great the staff is friendly and helpful even when it's crowded you can manage to get a drink and I feel like it has a lot of character for a bar in old town
1	Bartender here was RUDE!!!!  I asked the bartender for something simple; to make me a Shirley Temple with a shot of vodka in it.  He told me that he had never heard of that drink before so he would not make it.  I asked him if he heard of a Shirley Temple, he said yes.  I asked if he's heard of vodka, he said yes.  So I said, fantastic, then please put those 2 things together for my cocktail.  He flat out said no, he would not make it for me.  I took my group of 12 and left.  Will never go back with that type of service.
4	end the night at patties. still divey and still fun. dance music kinda janky tonight. full house with a halloween pub ride in tow! always a good time.
4	The quintessential college-town-type dive bar with an interesting layout, a big mixed crowd, fun music and plenty of bars selling fairly crappy cheap drinks.  A little seedy, a little crowded, a little cigarette-smoky (some of it is outdoor, so they somehow get away with this yuckiness).  Four stars for being really good at exactly what it is.This place is definitely a must on any Old Town pub crawl - however, not really recommended as hangout for a group of adults on a nice night out.
5	Great little dive bar! Jeff was soo awesome! Love that they have $1 bills all throughout the bar with people's writing on them. We added a few of our own before leaving! They had pool tables, ping pong table, and fun music! Would Definitely be back next time in AZ and would recommend this to anyone who is bar hopping in Scottsdale!
4	If you need a good time, I would say this is it. Not bad, not good, but perfect for "Hey! Let's do something... But we have nothing planned..."
