4	Lemongrass is the first Thai concept restaurant within a Las Vegas casino/hotel.  The interior decoration is very beautiful.  It is located within Aria's casino level, near Blossom (Chinese restaurant).I tried the food during the Aria "Play Days" (essentially a dry run for selected employees and their guest), and honestly thinks that once the initial pre-opening butterflies are worked out, it will be a good restaurant.  I tried the Tom Yum Goong (prawn soup with lemongrass), and the portion is large enough for 2 to share, and it came out nice and hot, just the way a hot soup should be served.  The flavor is good, but not knock your socks off great.  The mushrooms and prawns are really fresh, and the prawns were not overcooked like at most restaurants.The Chef's Signature Crab Fried Rice was also very good.  It was served piping hot and the rice is not greasy like at most restaurants.  It was one of the best fried rice I have ever tried (but Ding Tai Fung's fried rice is still tops in the fried rice category for me, but Taipei is just too far to travel for a fried rice fix).The only disappointment for me was the dessert: Mango and Sticky Rice (Khao Niaow Ma Muang).  The mango was surprisingly good (considering that the ones we received for our operation is pretty bad in quality this time of year), but the sticky rice was undercooked and lacking in the traditional coconut milk flavor. This is a very easy recipe to master, so I was very surprised that it was not made at least as good as your typical Thai restaurants.Anyway, I took a few pictures of other dishes that others ordered, and those look good.  I can't wait to go back and try their other menu offerings once it is open to the public.
3	overall- OK, not the best Thai restaurant ever. I have tasted much better. Also, the portions are very, very small. I would recommend this for couples. On the expensive side.By the way, I would definitely recommend reservations if you are reading this. The concierge at Aria said they didn't take reservations...but they did, and we had to wait 45 mins. :(The service was not very good first of all. My family tried to get a few bowls so we could share the dishes, but they didn't give it to us until we asked a million different waiters ( exaggerating, of course). We were wondering why the waiters were standing around chilling when we asked for bowls...?!Anyways, we ordered Tom Yum Goong, and Tom Yum Tay ( or something like that) and they basically tasted the same. Tom Yum Goong was a little bit sweeter though. You can choose what spiciness level you want. We also ordered soft shell crab fried rice, satay chicken, and creamy red curry with prawns (I forget the name in Thai).Fried rice - I thought it was good, just a bit bland. My family thought it was nothing special. Comes with fried crab pieces on the side.Satay chicken - the chicken was good, but the peanut sauce wasn't. The bread was good though.Curry - I thought this was probably the best part of the meal. Delicious. Creamy. It was small, and came with only a  few (maybe a bit more) prawns.The restaurant was very high class ( in Aria ) and a bit formal dress is probably good ( not necessary, though )Hope you enjoy this review and it was helpful!! Also, thank you to the first reviewer for helping my family and I decide what to order.
2	all dishes are kids size and expensive. they have great selection of dishes such as small bowl of talay soup for 18.00.our bill wa 140.00 for 2 person.ladies, don"t take your men here if you want to save money
4	As the first Thai Restaurant in the strip, Lemon Grass didn't disappoint. I live in Los Angeles and frequented thai restaurants in Thai Town, obviously, this is not in the same genre. But the dishes that I ordered are tasty and quite satisfying. Again, the price is 2-3 times as much as regular thai restaurants, but still much cheaper than Blossom, the chinese restaurant across the hall. Recommended dish: The thai crab  omelette, the tom kha lobster soup. Pad Thai is decent. Tips: this restaurant opens till 2 AM. Actually during the high season (till Jan 1st, it opened till 6 aM) so if you need spicy thai food to work out the hang over after clubbing, this place will be waiting.
3	I had the yellow curry here and even though it is really hard to mess up this dish, I thought is was pretty good. I would not come back here to order this particular dish but it was the least expensive sharing item. I thought this place was a bit pricey, but the city center theme was created to be upscale so it is understandable. I also had the papaya salad that came with the coconut rice. It was very good. Being a local and having so many great thai food restaurant options, I would never head out to lemongrass just to have lunch. But if the presentation and ambiance is important to you, it would be the way to go.My friend and I had lunch here and were trying to plan our resolutions for 2010. We were interrupted a bit too much as the waitresses were very eager to please. I don't mine an occasional excuse me, and checking up if the food was OK, but literally interrupted me more than 5 times. I would have preferred that they recognize that we were having a conversation and just refilled my water and took my plates away rather than interrupt me.
1	Horrible!  Huge disappointment.  The Tom Ka soup was OK.  But the main dishes were dreadful.  The red curry duck dish was served with, and no joke, only duck SKINS.  There was literally no duck meat in it.  For $18 it should be considered a crime.  The cod for $25 was poor as well.  No taste.  Las Vegas has some amazing food and as a semi-local living here and in LA, I can honestly say I haven't had such a poor experience in a very long time.  Dont waste your time or money!!
4	The service was great, food was delish, and decor was nice. You can order your food on a hot scale( 1-10) depending on your ability to take the heat. Really tasty, good quality.
3	Not bad for Vegas.  We enjoyed a variety of different dishes here, although I was not impressed with the silver noodles.  The Tom Yum Goong was good, and the rice dumpling dessert was excellent.  Our servers could have been more relaxed, but we had no complaints.  If you're at ARIA and looking for a decent, casual meal that won't break the bank, I recommend Lemongrass.  They are also open throughout the day.
4	A little over-priced... but so is everything in ARIA. It is what it is on that front. I will go back for the food, the service and the drinks. It was great as far as I could tell, and it wasn't busy.. but neither was anything else at the time. The flavors were awesome, everything was fresh and tasty.. I say give it a try. I will be back Lemongrass!
4	It's unfortunate i only went there once during my stay at the aria. i really wish i had gone back again if time permitted. we ordered our dishes not so spicy but it came out thai spice..which means, it was spicy! forgiving that much, i thought my seafood noodle soup was just perfectly done and the cod fish dish was nice and buttery. The salsa the cod fish came in was really spicy but tasty. The cocktails were also a delight. :)
4	We went to Lemongrass this weekend, since we were visiting Aria for a show, and were craving something spicy. The decor of the restaurant is nice, dark woodwork plus neutrals makes for a cool vibe. The seating was very comfortable --  we were in the sofa booth facing the entrance of the restaurant.Food ordered: lobster tom kha soup, green curry, vegetable fried rice, and cashew chicken. Tom kha soup was really good, perfect spice. We asked for a 7, and got a good runny-nose spicy that we were craving! Only gripe: the soup was big enough for two, but only had 3 small pieces of lobster meat. The green curry was also good. But, wasn't out-of-this-world amazing. It hit the spot. The vegetable fried rice was not as great. It was on the bland side, and a tad oily. The cashew nut chicken had great flavors, lots of cashews. I loved how they knew their spice! The dishes weren't bland, and they were spicy enough for us to enjoy, without burning our tongues off! Service was very attentive -- although at times it got overwhelmingly attentive! Overall, a bit pricey for the food served, but it's to be expected at a strip restaurant. Good service, and good food. Would def visit again.
4	This just hit the spot.  I stopped in for a light meal and decided to enjoy it at the bar.  The bartender was great and made a cocktail suggestion that paired well with my food.The Tom Kha Chicken soup was $8 and large enough that I could have stopped there.  The flavors were bright and balanced and it really hit the spot.  I also had their Spicy Papaya Salad and it truly was spicy.  It tasted so fabulous that I wanted to keep eating, but my tongue finally threw in the towel after the tears started coming.
3	Lemongrass is a nice, classy restaurant with pretty good food.  Not spectacular or incredibly creative, but satisfying.  We ate the spring rolls and pad thai, and both were just fine.  We also ate the mushroom basil steamed rice, and the flavor combination of tender mushrooms, red peppers, and basil was really nice.The service was a bit slow, but our server was really nice and friendly.  Lemongrass is a nice restaurant and the food is good, but I wouldn't add this to any must-dine restaurant lists.
3	The food was ok. My friends and I were satisfied. If we had to eat there again, I wouldn't be disappointed. The waitstaff was fine. The decor was fine.
4	This is a great find the Aria hotel.  With all the other restaurants being so expensive it makes this one seem cheap :o)  The boyfriend and I came here on a Tuesday night after seeing the Viva Elvis show and we were seated right away.  This place is not big at all so the seats are kind of close to each other but it was no big deal.The best value of this this place is the soup.  For $8.00 you get a big soup that is big enough for two.  We got an order of the yellow curry and the pineapple fried rice and shared it.  Including the soup this was definitely enough for two people.They were a little slow getting the soup out but after that the rest of the food came out in a timely manner.  Our service was great and the waiter apologized for the soup coming out slow.  I would like to come here again and try some more of their dishes in the future!
4	One Word Jellyfish, 8 bucks probably not going to like it but you have to say you did it. kinda like flavored dry silicone beads. Everything  was really good. satay was excellent. The Kua gui was very good, and super spicy sesame chicken, 7 on a 10 of heat. over all a very good meal, a nice fusion Thai here, the hot spice was awesomely hot, yum,the service was the only iffy part, but everyone was really nice and we had everything we needed.
2	The food was drab and not worth the price. The only good thing is the decor. The entire restaurant has a loom theme which is unique and interesting. Overall, take pictures from outside but avoid the food.
5	This place was absolutely superb all-around.  The ambiance was great, the service top-notch, and the food was best of all!  I ordered what amounted to some bone-in chunks of chicken served in a large hot pot in a spicy thai sauce with fresh basil leaves mixed in.  The restaurant lets you pick the heat level, and as I like my food spicy, I selected a heat level of 8 (out of a choice of 1-10)  -- the food served matched my personal heat taste perfectly.  I found the prices moderately high for Thai food, but not for Vegas, nor for the service and swanky ambiance offered.  As far as portions go, the item I ordered came with *plenty* of food presented nicely, and I could not posibly have eaten any more... a *very* large portion in my book that probably could have fed two.  Service was absolutely top-notch.  The server always was on top of drink refills and knew the menu extremely well (warning me as I placed my order that my choice had bones still in the chunks of chicken, for example).  He even gave excellent advice on cocktail pairings with some liqours I have never heard of (that were great, by the way).  I am a hard customer to please, but I don't have a bad thing to say about the place and that is the highest compliment I can give.  Lemongrass may be the only Thai restaurant on the Strip, but when you have one *this* good, who needs another one?
4	I used to work at a Thai restaurant, so I am very picky when it comes to Thai cuisine and this place passes my standards.  It's not the best, and it is definitely more Americanized, but it is great, nonetheless.The restaurant is beautiful, tucked away in the back of the casino level of Aria, next to a few other restaurants.  It wasn't too crowded and we had great service.  My husband always gets Pad Thai, this one was good, but kind of small, which is really bizarre because my yellow curry was huge, big enough for two for sure.  He liked his Pad Thai, but it wasn't amazing, the yellow curry, on the other hand, was some of the best I've ever had.  I took half of it back to the hotel with me and it made a great midnight snack!The Thai tea is overpriced, but it usually is at any thai restaurant in a big city.  But it's good, of course, you can't really mess up Thai tea.
4	Went to this place twice over our weekend stay in Vegas. Once for take out and once for dine-in. We usually stay at MGM, and I'd compare to this restaurant to the Grand Wok in MGM in terms of tiers of restaurants.  Pricing (for Vegas that is) and food were really good! We ordered the yellow curry and pad see ewe one night and green curry and a noodle soup on the next.  The pad see ewe was just okay in the husband's opinion, but the curries and noodle soup dish were pretty tasty.  The spice levels were just how I liked it, and it was HOT, but I kind of wished it was a bit more coconut-flavored.  Nonetheless, the dishes were still great, and they were good meals. Service was great as well.
3	I liked this place mainly for the atmosphere. They also have a very large menu, so you have plenty of things to choose from. My husband had the pad thai, and I had the pork neck with jasmine rice and we shared spring rolls for the appetizer. We both had some wine, which they have a good selection of as well. The same with most places on the strip, it's over priced for the food. My husband and I eat a lot of Asian cuisine, and in my opinion, I've just had much better for a more reasonable price. The service was not very good either. They weren't insanely busy, but it took 30 minutes to get rice that I had ordered with my meal. I had to ask 3 times before I got it. I'm sure I would eat there again, but only if it was convenient.
3	Lemongrass was very good.  Classier and more than twice the price of what we'd get for something similar in LA, but the cuts of meat are nicer, the waitstaff is very pro and attentive, and the ingredients are top notch.However, the tom kha was EXTREMELY spicy.  Like, Thai spicy.  As in, we asked for medium (I've been to thailand twice and can handle some VERY spicy food) and we were served something we could barely eat.  It was vert tasty, so I downed it, but had to pay with a tummy ache later.  That said, most Thai places take the really spicy Thai peppers, split them with the side of a knife, and put them in for flavor.  Lemongrass seemed to have ground up the peppers iN the soup, which is kind of a no-no, as it was just WAY too hot, and killed the flavor, so we had runny noses and fire-burned tastebuds.The Shanghai rice noodles, although not Thai, were delicious, and perfect, and beautiful form the tri-colored bell peppers.  VERY nice, good food (save the crazy spiciness of the soup), and kind of what you'd expect from an upscale casino restaurant.  Not cheap, but good, and it was the only place open for lunch at 3 o'clock.
4	I got into Aria about Midnight and was starving, so as I walked around the amazing complex, I found Lemongrass and was quite impressed. Since it was close to 2 AM, I only ordered a "Snack" of The Tom Kha with Chicken and the Fried Mushrooms. The soup was a serving for two and there were so many mushrooms that they were mounded on the plate! Definitely more than a snack. The Soup had great flavor, lots of chicken and just enough spice to raise a sweat. The mushrooms had a light delicate batter and a deep earthy flavor. The restaurant itself is beautiful and very wheelchair accessible. Service was friendly an efficient. I will be back for dinner next time I visit Aria.
3	Lemongrass is billed as the strip's first Thai restaurant at a major resort casino. The restaurant's location is ideal, tucked away from the main casino located adjacent to the high limit baccarat casino, Club Prive (high end gaming), the Sky Suites lobby, and Blossom (chinese restaurant). The decor of the restaurant is decidedly modern, with warm earth tones and decorative pipes serving as walls. I found the food to be (not to my surprise) very americanized with the exception of the duck and yellow curry, which my party decided to order spicy. The menu allows you to pick your spicy-ness on a scale of 1-10. Because of this, I believe that the higher you go on the hot scale, the more Thai the food will taste. The pineapple fried rice and drunken noodle were bland, and were served in extremely small portions. The orange chicken however was probably the best orange chicken I have ever eaten as the chicken meat was still juicy on the inside. All in all, I would recommend Lemongrass as a good place to eat Thai food if you care more about overall ambiance than authenticity of the food. Its location next to the Sky Suites lobby makes it convenient if you are staying on that side of Aria. As another added bonus, the restaurant is open for lunch at 11 am and is open late till 2 am so if your craving Thai food to cure your hangover, Lemongrass is the place to go.
2	Are you people on crack? This food was downright awful! First time in Vegas, and I was ready for some awesome food. We were staying at the Aria, and Thai is one of my favorite cuisines, so I thought we'd play it safe by eating at Lemongrass.We started with calamari, one of my favorite foods, and it was chewy, bland, and all around blah. The other appetizer we got was the jellyfish, which is probably the only thing I would recommend--loved the sesame flavor. My entree, the Drunken Noodles, was horrendous. Flavor was bland even though I requested it "very spicy" and the seafood was even worse. It seemed like they just cooked it separately and threw it on top, and it wasn't even that fresh. Maybe the Southwest just isn't an Asian food mecca, but I didn't think Central Pennsylvania was either, and I have had much better Thai food back home. This food isn't just Americanized, it's gross, and especially at this price I'd definitely recommend getting your Thai fix elsewhere. To top it off, the service was a little too pushy for my taste...they kept trying to get us to order more! It was creepy!On that note, I highly recommend the drinks here, and the atmosphere is nice. Next time I'll stick to the bar and jellyfish (well, I don't think there will be a next time actually. Sorry, Lemongrass).
4	Most of the dishes were very good, service was attentive and the portions generous (granted the prices are on the high side, but I still thought it was a good value). I also really liked the ambience and it is a great reason to check out Aria as well. Would return.
2	I don't think I ever need to come back here again. This place is over priced and portions are teeny. I ordered the soft shell crab salad ($25) and while it was filled with yummy soft shell crabs, it was too spicy and I finished it in about 4 bites. No kidding. We also ordered the lobster salad and steak salad and those were good too but also very tiny! The decor is nice but a bit too modern and the seating is awkward. I guess the prices are not bad for Vegas but unfortunately, Lemongrass is just not up to par.
4	We had a comp and weren't starving so we got the insanely priced lobster dish (like $110, if I recall correctly).  It was pretty delicious.  The drinks were great and the service was really good.  If you're looking for a Thai place in Vegas, this is the spot.
5	I really enjoyed Lemongrass..Service was great, food was amazing. The quality of the food was excellent and I personally don't think it was expensive at all - comparing what you receive.If you are looking for a good thai food this is the place to go!
2	Located inside Aria.Service:  3 starsCleanliness:  5 starsFood:  2 starsI love Thai food so after looking at the menu I didn't hesitate to ask to be seated.The ingredients they use are fresh, but unless I came on an off-day everything is WAY TOO SALTY.I ordered the Tom Yum soup with Tiger Prawns and Basil Pork over steamed rice.  I couldn't believe how salty everything was, it completely overpowered any other flavors (e.g. lemongrass, basil, etc).  I wanted to wash down everything with water, but the waiter only came back once to check on me.Given the number of choices you have in Las Vegas, I would avoid this place.
3	Located inside Aria Hotel, next to the Bacarat area.  Not sure why they call themselves a Thai restaurant when, like most Asian restaurants in the various casinos in Vegas, they serve dishes of all diffrent Asian cuisines.  Nevertheless, I was a fan of Lemongrass -- probably one of the few good things I have to say about Aria. The food was yummy and authentic. I particularly liked the sesame chicken, extra spicy and the beef chow fun.  The tom yum soup was also really good. Service was horrible -- really, really slow despite not being all that busy. Decor was nice.  There are definitely better Asian restaurants in Vegas.
4	EXCELLENT SERVICE AND FOOD! We went on a weeknight, close to midnight, there were probably only 3-4 tables with customers. We had a younger girl as our server and she was excellent! She made sure our drinks were never half full and that we were satisfied with out meal. The food itself is a nice mix of asian cusine. The portions are big and the food is very tasty. Definitely a place to try!
1	LemonAss is more like it. I ate here with a co-worker while we were in  town for a convention. The place was half full at 10pm, but it took forever for our "very busy" server to get our drink order. Re-fills and the food took way too long. Turns out that she was the busser. We started with chicken satay that tasted  like something frozen from Trader Joe's. My co-worker had yellow curry and gave it average marks. I had three cups chicken. The sauce was fine, but the "meat" was six drumettes. You know, the "other" half of the wing. There was so little meat on these, mostly gristle. This was a $15 entree. Steamed rice was $3 extra. I've had Thai food all over the country, and this is first Asian restaurant of any kind to charge for it. Soft drinks $4.50, and sky-high prices for booze or anything but sewer tap water. The waiter didn't show up until is was time for the check. I settled up the bill with a 5% tip. I mentioned this experience to some colleagues that have been around City Center, contractors that built the place. They mostly agree that there isn't a really worthwhile restaurant in Aria.
1	This is one of the most beautiful restaurants I've ever seen.If I could feast on beauty, my taste buds and my tummy would have been deeply satiated.Do you like gloop? Do you like your food swimming in such deep sauce that you have a hard time determining what you're eating? Do you like gobs of fatty sauce? Then you might like Lemongrass!Pork rice. Thought it was fried rice, but it wasn't. It would have been tasty if this were steam table Chinese.Fried rice. Loved the deep fried shitake. But the rest of it was greasy.Steak and gloop. I'm sure that's not what it was called on the menu. This was a tiny portion of beef, utterly drowned in a peanut sauce that made my arteries harden just looking at it. Duck and gloop. I don't think it was called this either, but again, the tiny portion of duck was drowned in so much sauce. The dish was probably as many calories as a human should eat in a week. Sesame chicken and gloop. This was a sweet and sour type sauce with a lot of sugar and gloop.If you like your food "smothered" in sauce to the point where there is nothing but gobs of fat in your mouth, you'll probably love this place.Such a beautiful restaurant, surely deserves better food.
4	This place does not deserve a 4 star for my first meal. I came a second time around to give it another try because I had food/beverage credit with the casino. 1st Meal - Saturday Night approx 11:30 p.mPlace was busy, so there was a short wait. The host did not have any clue on how to sit people. She sat my girlfriend and I next to a party of 6 loud people. The setup was bad, because normally restaurants do not sit couples with large groups. The area where we were sitting were all couples of 2 and somehow they decided to fit a group of 6 in between all the couples.Food: Rib Eye w/ Tamarind sauce and Coconut Rice ($27)Attempted to Order Cod w/Garlic & Lime Sauce ($26) - Out of StockOrdered Black Pepper Prawns instead (Approx $19)(2) Thai Ice Tea ($4.50 each)Side of Rice ($3)Service was absolutely horrific. I wanted to order water in addition to my thai ice tea and never had a chance until my first plate arrived. The first plate was the Rib Eye, which was surprisingly really good. It was worth $27 considering what most places charge for a steak. I would estimate the cut to be somewhere around 7-8oz. The tamarind sauce went perfect with this medium rare rib-eye and eating it with the coconut rice was definitely memorable. Can things actually get worse after this? Yes! I shared my food with my girlfriend, but our second plate did not arrive until 15-18 minutes later. We were eating slow and finished our dish before the second dish arrived! I was close to canceling my order but the server said it will be out in 1 minute and yes it was out in a minute. He kept apologizing for the problem. If I came here with a regular friend, should I have waited until my dish was cold to eat? This is not acceptable.Server offered me free Thai Ice Tea refills, which was nice but I was still unhappy.The Black Peppered Prawns were nothing special and it was definitely not worth the wait. I asked for the check and the server surprised me with a Mango and Sticky rice at no charge. This actually made up for it. My girlfriend wanted to boycott the mango sticky rice, but she ended up trying it, and it we both agreed it was very delicious.Service 3/5Rib Eye 5/5Prawns 3/5Thai Ice Tea 3/5Mango w/ Sticky Rice 4/5First experience was definitely at best a 3.5 / 5 stars at best.2nd Meal - Sunday approx 11:30 a.m Rib Eye w/ Tamarind Sauce & Coconut Rice again! 5 / 5 starsCod w/ Garlic & Lime Sauce 3.5 / 5 stars Side of RiceAdditional Side of Coconut Rice ($3)Mango w/ Stick Rice ($9) 3.5 / 5 stars (Rice was not warm the second time)Service 4 / 5 stars.
4	We stopped by this restaurant as we were heading back up to our room (Aria sky suites ftw!). I'll keep this short since I was a bit tipsy that night (lol off of two Midori Sours - sad I know!).I ordered the Papaya salad ($10). It has the fish/crab sauce and has a strong smell, but it's delicious! A bit pricey compared to other Thai places, but the salad tasted better than most papaya salads that I've from these other places. It's not as spicy as other ones, but I actually like the level of spicyness here because I prefer to not have a runny nose while I'm eating it.My boyfriend ordered the drunken noodles with seafood ($20). It had large pieces of shrimp and squid that were very flavorful. They give you enough to feed two people - I was helping him finish his. It's also quite spicy, so beware! I do enjoy eating spicy food, but wow... my tongue was burning after a few bites!My friend had the sesame chicken ($17) with a small bowl of rice ($3). it was pretty good - I didn't detect any MSG in it, so that's good. The place is pretty big too - definitely enough for two people, and the chicken is still crispy, despite being coated in so much sauce.Service was great - the food didn't take very long to cook, although there were hardly any customers since it was around 1:30am in the morning. Our waiters were quick in bringing out our drinks, and were nice enough box our unfinished entrees. They also refilled out waters frequently, considering how much we drank due to the spicy noodles.Overall, I really like this place. It's spacious inside, there's booth and regular seating (I like sitting in booths!), and the tables are spacious. They're also accommodating to larger parties, even late at night. If you're not craving Thai food in Vegas and looking for a cheap fill to satisfy your munchies, then this is not the place for you. They'll be seeing me again.
3	Arrived in vegas at 9pm, sort of too late to start a buffet, so my bf and I decided to stop by here since it's open till late.  Really nice decor and very good service.  However, it was verrrry pricey for basic thai food.  My bf ordered the drunken noodles with seafood for $20 and I ordered some sort of basil chicken rice or something for $15.  After tips and tax, it came out to almost $45 (and to think that a lunch buffet  at bellagio only cost us around the same price, it was a killer).  Not sure if it's because we were both sort of starving, but the food was pretty good.  But with that ticket price, it's only A-OK!
3	This place has really nice decor. We just wanted to visit Aria since it was new and stopped here for early dinner around 5 PM. The service was very good and they were very attentive. They even asked us for chop sticks!! Good. I can't eat Asian food without chop sticks, I guess I'm Asian lol. The food was very ordinary. Not worth the overpriced price we paid for for regular Thai food. We ordered the Tom Kha soup with Chicken. Beef skew with some sauce for starter. We had Green Curry and Pad Thai for entree. The Tom Kha was pretty good, and the portion was huge. They gave us a lot, it could serve four people. The Beef Skew or whatever it was called was good too with that sauce. The Green Curry and pad Thai was very ordinary. It couldn't beat regular Thai places around here. We took some to-go for late night snacking since we couldn't finished it but we left it at the roulette table!! Dang. It was a good new experiment but definitely not a restaurant I would recommend if you're in Vegas. I would say go for lunch or late at night when everything is close. For dinner, go somewhere else. As least their receipt was really thick and nice lol. Don't know if anybody else noticed that.
3	I came here for dinner with my bf on a recent trip to Vegas. We were staying at the Aria, so decided to grab a quick bite before watching KA. We ordered the prawn rolls as an appetizer; I ordered the Pad See Ew J (vegetarian). Overall, I think the food was okay in taste, but fairly pricey. I've definitely had more authentic Thai food for cheaper. I did order a glass of yummy Dragonstone Riesling :)-L.
3	So I really want to give this place 3.5 stars but there isn't that option on my phone. So I will be on the safe side and put three. It was pretty good. One of the fancier Thai places I have been to. But I have had better Thai food at small mom and pop shops. We are staying at Aria and we needed an easy place to dine with a two year old. This seemed to be a better option than the cafe.  The service was fast and cordial. They left us alone, in a good way, for the most part. My water was constantly refilled. We ordered the chicken satay. The chicken was moist but I have had better peanut sauce at many other places. So I would probably recommend something else. It didn't wow me but I still enjoyed eating it. Next we got the pad Thai with prawns and the soft shell crab salad. Both were tasty, lots of flavors. The salad had mint, onion, pepper and some other herbs and spices. The crab was good but a little salty for my taste. The pad Thai was pretty good. Not much to say about it though. All in all it was decent food and casual but nice atmosphere. I would not travel out of my way to eat here and I wouldn't really recommend someone to go there either. But if you do find yourself at Aria and craving some fancier Thai food then go ahead and try it.
1	If I am eating in a hotel like Aria I expect the food to be great!The food was terrible. We asked for mixed vegetables in garlic sauce and all we got was Chinese broccoli. When we asked the waiter he said the chef did not think one should use other vegetables in that sauce.They did not make us a vegetarian curry either.Spring rolls were too oily!
5	Enjoyed some very tasty food while visiting Aria.  Got my yellow curry fix by ordering the dish w/o fish sauce & added fried tofu to make it vegan.  Had the spring rolls (these were fried - better known as egg rolls) and lemongrass iced tea.  Our non-vegan friends had the beef pho and orange chicken and happily devoured.  Beautiful restaurant and good experience!
5	This restaurant is perfect for a top notch casual dinner. The atmosphere is great, the dishes are authentic Thai, most drinks we got were made on the stronger side. A meal for four people with two rounds of drinks was less than 100$. My new favorite Thai restaurant on the Strip!
3	Conveniently located directly next to the elevators to our suite@Aria.. Of all the items we ordered.. I would say my favorite was the tamarind ribeye steak.. it was very juicy and moist.. and the tamarind dip was a really good touch3.5 stars..
3	Lets see. SERVICE was not so bad, but it sure was freakin slow....FOOD was exceptional, I favored the pineapple fried rice and thats about it...I hate that you have to pay  $3 for a bowl of steamed rice, The atmosphere felt good though, the decor helped make it ambient, attractive, and at the same time quiet relaxing, late night open restaurant...thats a thumbs up! Yes, its Vegas, but still some restaurants or eats are hard to find. The pho was well, but other than fried rice and pho, the food was just eh....the prices you know..its Vegas...as the flight attendant said...lost wages.
3	I went here with a bunch of girlfriends for lunch and would have to say I'm not sure I would come back with all the other available restaurants in the area. The service was really good as they refreshed out plates after the appetizers and kept our water glasses full. We ordered the jellyfish which I thought was good and had a slight kick. The Pad Thai was decent and the yellow curry had alot of onions. I did enjoy the crab omelette and drunken noodles though. I also LOVED the watermelon vodka drink. It was SO incredibly refreshing and I would come back here just to get that!!!
3	I would consider this Westernized Thai and would not have selected to eat here but..1. It was our first night in Vegas2. It was getting late3. We were all hungry4. We needed a place to round up the troops5. We had to get ready and head out to the club ASAPeating just before 10pm, the place was still pretty packed and we waited for about 15 minutes before a table for 15 opened up. The waitress who seemed very nice in the beginning eventually became more grumpy throughout the night.A variety of dishes were ordered to share, family style. Between my few friends who opted for this suggestion, we got a singapore style noodle with peppers, shrimp and the works. It was tasty, good filling and nice fusion-like flavours. To try something different, we got a chicken hot pot, which was cooked beautifully. It had spice and kick to it, while the chicken was saucy and tender. Piping hot, this was my favourite. A staple dish that I use to order when available was pineapple fried rice. Usually at the "hole in the walls," the rice was actually served in a half of a pineapple and little bits can be scraped out at the end. However, this was just served on a plate and the worse pineapple fried rice I've ever tasted - no joke. The rice was dry and burnt. There was lack of flavours and just hard to eat. I tried to consume more of the other dishes to satisfy my hunger instead.The prices seemed reasonable, with some lobster delicacies as high as $110. Not sure if it would be worth it.
3	Was aight... For Americanized Asian food.. I had the schezwan spicy beef noodle soup. My friend had the seafood noodle soup which she thought was ok too.  For a restaurant in the Aria that's trying to cater to most of the asians who come to Vegas to gamble and party.. its an easy and quick alternative to getting a cab and going to the chinatown area of Las Vegas.This is also one of the restaurants that is included in the list of comped restaurants in the Aria.
2	Ate here with my husband in February of 2010. We are Thai food enthusiasts.All I can say is: Don't bother!
4	We were staying at ARIA for the weekend , so before heading out to party the night away, one of my friend suggested we grab something to eat at the hotel... At first we wanted Sushi, But walked by Lemongrass and the place seems really cozy and cute so we just decided to walk in and try this place out. Boy, was I glad we did.  The food was so good.  The menu consist of all the typical Thai entrees, like pad thai and all the thai soup BUT because we were in vegas, we wanted to go the exotic route and try different stuff on the menu.  There was 6 of us girls and we decided to do family style and order 6 entrees and shared.  We got the Soft shell fried rice, beef pepper udon noodles , fish cakes, a coconut soup , coconut flavored rib eyed and a WONTON NOODLE SOUP ( for the girl that was hungover from friday nite)  I must say...everything was really good but the soft shell fried rice... WOW.. the fried rice had big chunks of the crab meat in it.. and let me say.. they were not greedy with it at all.. there was also large soft shell crab on top of the fried rice.  IT was sooo GOOD.   the Rib eye wasnt too bad either , although im more of a seafood person than a meat eater.  The prices here , of course, was a bit pricey compared to other thai restaurant, BUT we are in Vegas!!.  But we all agreed that you get what you pay for and the food was worth the price!!
2	The best thing about this place was the decor/ambiance!  I loved it...would give it 5 stars!The food sort of BLAND!  We ordered:Lemongrass soup- it was decent except sooo many lemongrass pieces it was hard to avoid not eating them.  I wish they would have drained them out.  Stir Fry- really was not what we expected.  The plate came out with bok choy with like a thick/clear garlic sort of sauce.  It tasted good, but we were expecting a veggie stir fry.Pad See Ew- ZERO flavor!  Sorry but what a disappointment in the food.
3	+/- decent food+ big portions (the soup is HUGE as was the various noodle dishes we got)- overpriced+ attentive servers+/- easy location to find in the hotel+ has it's own bathroom (at a lot of hotel restaurants you have to go back out into the lobby)+ in the Aria so part of the MGM chain so you can add it to your hotel bill if you're at any MGM hotel
3	I had dinner here the last time I went to Vegas over Labor Day weekend. We were in the car on our way there deciding where to go for dinner. One of my friends mentioned that she had dinner there once and that it was pretty good, so we decided that that was where we were going to have dinner. The food was pretty good, not spectacular seeing as I've been to Thai restaurants that I absolutely love, but it was good. Not something that you couldn't get at your neighborhood Thai restaurant for much cheaper. Don't get me wrong though, price is not a big deal but I believe in getting what you pay for. The food was a bit overpriced but then again, what do you expect, it's Las Vegas! I ordered the Lobster Tom Kha, it was tasty. The only thing that bothered me was usually restaurants take out the inedible parts of the soup such as the lemongrass and galanga but I found myself having to spit them out while I was trying to eat my meal. My boyfriend ordered a fried noodle dish which was tasty, except it was a bit dry. The decor was really nice but the hotel itself is really nice! The service was good. This is somewhere I might come again in Vegas but not really as a first choice.
4	we came to aria from palazzo cuz our friends wanted to eat at aria buffet and then got sidetracked at sportsbook and didn't want to leave. so my bf and i came here for lunch. we had the thai basil soup, red curry with shrimp, papaya salad, calamari and shrimp salad, har gow and siu mai. everything was delicious. it was $90 for the two of us including tax and tip. kind of pricey for thai food but it's at the aria so what do you expect? the service was impeccable as well.
3	Read all the reviews and decided to take a chance for lunch....  this is definitely a 3 -star establishment.  The restaurant decor is beautiful.  The food is mediocre at best.  This is not a thai restaurant, but a restaurant with south east asian cuisine.  You will be dissapointed if you think you are going to get good thai food here.  Thought they had the dim sum cart, but that is only offered on the weekends - Fri, Sat, Sun.  We had the bacon satay.  The server said it was fatty and no kidding, it was.  It was not like the bacon you have at breakfast, but a fatty piece of pork.  You get 4 skewers.  I could barely take 1 down.   We had the Drunken Noodle with Seafood, the Softshell Crab fried rice and the grilled pork neck.  The best dish was the drunken noodle.  It had a nice basil flavor to the noodle.  I could not find the seafood, except for 2 shrimp and 1 scallop.  The soft shell crab fried rice was okay at best.  Lots of crab, but it seemed that they did not clean the body of the crab well, as it tasted really gutty and had a strong fish smell.  The fried rice was like any other asian fried rice.  Nothing special. The grilled pork neck was the best dish.  The sauce was exceptional.  It did not sound like a great dish, but it was.  Very lean pork with a soy, mandarin, lime sauce.  Very tasty.  Service was okay.  Jeremy was a decent server.  The busboys were able to keep up with the iced tea and water service.  We drink fast and a lot, so anyone who can keep up with us, is fantastic.
3	This place was in the back and I had to ask a few times where the restaurant was. It was pretty hard to find. I chose this place because someone recommended this place to me. And the Chinese restaurant next to this place was really expensive. As for the food, It was was decent. For the price, I would not go back to this place. I spend $60 excluding tip for 3 dishes. But I guess $60 in Vegas is pretty good already. None the less, the food was not good enough for me to walk the Strip to Aria.
4	This is more of Thai restaurant and offers the usual Thai dishes with a twist.  Like Panang Duck, which was very rich and flavorful.  Tried it twice and it could be on the salty side.The Satay skewers are their "special" but I really don't think it's worth the $18+ price tag depending on what your choice of meat is.Another must try is the Crab Omelette, very hearty and comfort food.I would skip the appetizers like the jellyfish or cumcumber, but I would definitely go for the Fish Cakes.If you're in the mood for a fried noodle dish, I'd reccommend the Mee Goreng. The service here is great, but it's kinda pricey for a Thai restaurant.
1	If you're a true Asian, you'd want to stay away from this place. The food, and for the price, tastes low quality and without care. If you're into washed down asian flavor, you'll love this place. actually, it's not even washed down asian flavor, it's more - doesn't taste like asian and doesn't taste like asis fusion. seriously, you'll find better places to eat than this place.
5	Delicious and wonderful service. We definitely ordered way too much food for two people though!Got rice, yellow curry, and pad see ew. BIG TIP: mix the curry and pad see ew together! Separately, they taste really good, but together, it is heaven. No need for rice either. We were completely surprised at the portions though. I wish they warned us that they did it "family style". Nothing tasted oily or overly heavy, and we didn't get food coma, which is a first for me. Normally Thai food makes me sleepy because of how heavy and rich it is, but this one was perfectly fine!Plus, very little wait to get seated and to get our food. Overall, delicious experience and excellent customer service.
3	This place would have gotten 4 stars, but the second time my spouse and I dined there, we were sat at a rickety table. I hate rickety tables, and higher-end restaurants shouldn't have rickety tables. The food is good. Its worth the price, but what we wanted wasn't on the menu, however, it was being served. Huh? The portion sizes are decent and the ambiance is pleasant. We had Thai fried rice - chicken + beef, it was pretty good. As an appetizer we had chili cucumbers, which was quite delish. No need for reservations and I've seen all types of dress codes come through the door. Get rid of the rickety table and the super butt dent someone left on one of the booth seats and it could be a 4-star place.
3	Ate here before going to HazeUnique dishes that were very flavorfulOverpriced for what you get
2	Overpriced, confusing hodgepodge. Typical Vegas restaurant with no identity. Even waiters were laughing at the selection in the Dim Sum cart. We asked if anything had chicken. The waiter stuck out his tongue and laughed, "Chicken feet!".  The food was ordinary. But the surrounding architecture is something to figure out as you try to figure out why you ate here. Very few real Thai dishes on menu.
3	Had a good meal tonight at Lemongrass: Tsingtao and Green Curry.  Food: 7 - The curry had these awesome mini-asian eggplants (they look like tomatillos) and tons of creamy, yet spicy (I ordered it as a 7) flavor.  Service: 8 - Ate at the bar, the bartendress was very attentive and friendly.Location: 4 - It's a pain in the ass to get here from even 1 hotel over.  I recommend eating here if you're staying at Aria, otherwise that walk home is a terrible terrible thing.   Other: The bar was STOCKED - I imagine you can get any drink made you could ever want.  It's expensive though, a bottle of Fiji water is $9, and the Tsingtao is $12.
1	I dined at the restaurant prior to seeing Viva Elvis at the hotel. The restaurant claims to be a Thai restaurant, but it seemed to be more of a fusion. I had order Pad See Ew and received Pad Thai. All of the food tasted the same and the waiters treated us as if they were doing us a favor. The only thing that was slightly average was the wine. I would not recommend this restaurant even if one was looking to simply waste their money.
3	The decor of this place is amazing: I'd give it 5 stars.But when it comes to the food, I am not so sure. I am a Pad See Ew addict, and I've been eating it EVERYWHERE, so for $18 a plate, I was expecting to eat the best Pad See Ew of my life. It was definitely good, but it wasn't the BEST. The portion however was of a good size, and the service was nice. The location is a bit further from the main strip, but then again, it's closer than most other Thai restaurants in Vegas!
3	Although this place is listed as a Thai restaurant,  it is more Asian Fusion as they have a mix of Thai and Chinese food.  I ended up ordering the Tom Kha Chicken Soup and the Yellow Curry, both them were ordered at a 8 (out of 10) for a spice level.The Tom Kha Chicken soup was pretty large and was enough to feed 2-3 people.  The flavors were wonderful and there was plenty of chicken pieces.  The only thing that was new to me was these funny looking mushrooms that they used,  they had a purple top, but their bottoms and stems were more of a white/beige color.  The yellow curry was great as well, but there were a few pieces of potatoes that were undercooked.   The slickness of the dish was more on the mild side even tho I ordered it at a very hot level.  This dish was also large enough to share with a friend or two.I took off a couple of stars because the service was pretty bad.  When I walked in, they didn't have any tables available and so they offered to seat me at the bar.  I grabbed one of the smaller tables beside the bar, sat down and within a few minutes I had my menu.  Then it took about another 10-15 minutes before the waiter came by to take my order.  When I was finished with my meal,  they came by took away my dishes and asked if there was anything else,  I said no and they went away.  Expecting to receive my bill, I ended up waiting another 15 mins before they came back with my bill.  So dinner at a place like this should take about 30-40 mins,  it ended up taking over an hour.  And it was not that busy in the bar area, so I couldn't understand why the lack of attention.This place is also pretty expensive, for my 2 dishes, a Thai iced tea, and a small plate of rice(yes it was extra) my meal came out to about $33.
1	Beautiful decor. Prices are decent and portions are appropriately sized. Service was sloooooooooooooooooow. They weren't even busy and had plenty of servers. We waited 10-15 minutes for our water and tea. My aunt made a joke that we'd probably have to wait an hour for our food. She was pretty accurate. For such a long wait, I was expecting amazing food something on par with Krung Thai. I was supremely disappointed. It wasn't even good. Not only were the flavors off (all I could taste was salt or nothing at all), most of the dishes were also cooked improperly. Furthermore, our server didn't ask us the spice level of our dishes so nothing was even remotely spicy.  The yellow chicken curry was bland and the potatoes undercooked. The shrimp pad thai was too salty and didn't include pepper flakes. The papaya salad was overloaded with fish sauce. The larb was flavorless. The seafood soup was lukewarm and salty. The garlic prawns were also salty and not the crispy garlic prawns that Krung Thai serves. The dish was just prawns sitting atop some garlic sauce. I didn't like anything we ordered.
1	If you take out  the settings, this is just like any other mediocre neighborhood restaurant pretending to be different from other Chinese restaurants in the area by calling it Thai, or Vietnamese; when in reality the food is just an unauthentic blend  made for the palette of unsavvy non-Asian customers.The service is horrible, the food is somewhat tasteless, the presentation lacks any shred of imagination, and to top it all, it is way too overpriced, even for Vegas.Don't even bother trying it...better go to Panda Express than this place...
3	its AIGHT!!!
4	Did not try too many items as our shrimp mousse appetizer and soft shell crab salad were filling and very good.  The mango for the mango and sticky rice could have been sweeter.  Prices were reasonable for Vegas and most of the other customers were Asian.  Service was fast and efficient.
5	My husband and I went here for Christmas dinner. The wait was going to be 50 minutes so we headed to the bar and spotted an empty two top in the bar section so we asked to be seated there instead. They said OK but were very up front about how busy they were and that service would be slow. We didn't mind since we didn't have plans for after dinner yet. We ordered the chicken satay with spicy peanut sauce - yum. Next up, we ordered the yellow curry (suggested by the very friendly bartender) and the husband got something with seafood I think. We asked for 8's because we love our Thai food spicy and what we got... was nothing short of amazing. I'm telling you that i've been to Thailand and had their curries... This is on par with the authentic cuisine. The prices weren't terrible considering you're in Vegas and the ambience was beautiful -- white thick rope tying everything up and dark wood everywhere. If you like Thai food, don't like being ripped off for subpar food and you're a foodie that doesn't mind waiting a bit between courses, Lemongrass is your perfect Vegas dinner spot.
4	I sat at the bar for lunch and the service was great and the food was AWESOME! The soup was huge and I have been craving it ever since I left there! I would highly recommend.
2	We decided to have Thai tonight with the excitement of a trip to The Strip. Unfortunately Lemongrass didn't impress us any more than some of Aria's other offering have so far.I ordered an appetizer of satay chicken sticks and the wife had vegetable spring rolls. The rolls were OK but not amazing, my satay sticks were mediocre. They came well presented, but the satay sauce was a tad bland. I'm usually willing to overlook this because I know this is a property of Thai satay, with my own preference usually leaning strongly toward Malaysian or Indonesian satay which tends to be spicier and nuttier in my experience, however the chicken itself was bland and nearly tasteless beyond the outer glaze and clearly hadn't enjoyed the hours of marinade-bathing essential to imbue a stick with a good flavour.For mains we ordered Pad Thai "J" (for the wife) and I ordered Chicken Mee Goreng. My wife rued the lack of a strong peanut taste in her pad thai which was overwhelmed with chunky vegetables. She felt the dish lacked finesse and looked like it had just been plopped down on the plate.  My Mee Goreng was bland and gluey. I would chalk this down to poor ordering on my part, with with the rest of the meal suffering similar issues I think it's more of a quality issue. I was surprised how tasteless my meal was, considering we were informed of the restaurant's 1 to 10 heat scale in which 2-3 means "medium" and decided to go for a "4" meaning a bit spicier than medium. What I got was a 1 by any scale I've used for measuring spiciness.While the restaurant looks nice here, the food simply isn't. For half the price you can enjoy far superior Thai fare at any number of establishments around the city. Even our generic fountain lemonades that we had to drink cost a staggering SIX DOLLARS each bringing the price of our meal up to around ninety dollars after tip for two appetizers, two noodle dishes and non-alcoholic beverages. For that sort of coin I expect my tastebuds to have their socks blown not only off, but then discovered in someone's backyard several states away a few days later. Lemongrass didn't impress me at all and I see no reason to return.
3	Actually between 2 and 3 stars...Marginally better than the Thai-Asian restaurant at Bellagio... but not by much... (although it is a more attractive looking place than Noodles). Ingredients are fresh and the service is adequate... it's just that the food is okay... nothing at all special.  Prices are typical for this category 'Strip' restaurant... not worth it... but no surprise. A good number of folks visit, as it's one of the limited number of  restaurants that are part of a comp package at Aria.
2	I had overpriced pho here. It was just ok. The noodles were over-cooked and the soup was just ok. I love my traditional pho. I would not come back here if I had the choice. Maybe for some other dish, but not for pho.
2	Decor is very modern. I like how it looks like noodles. They also had really pretty flower arrangements. The food was okay. I had the cashew chicken with steamed rice. The rice portion was huge, but it got cold quickly which I was a little disappointed about. The chicken was pretty flavorful. I would have liked more ginger in it. I would have loved to have hot tea with my meal but I couldn't get over the fact that they were trying to charge $4 for it. So, I stuck with water. I was more impressed with how everything looked than how it tasted.
3	Lemongrass is so beautiful when you walk in the chandlers are massive - the decor is very inviting... My friend and I dined here tonight... The food was good - I had the egg rolls and a sauteed vegetables w/ rice  sake was very good... My friend had a chicken and beef skewers w/ rice... They are a little pricey for what we had... I could of went to china a go go and got enough to feed 5 ppl... but the customer service was A+
4	Totally impressed!  So I thought.... oh no.... I read all these awful reviews on yelp and we're going to get mediocre over-priced food -  But we thought.... well, it's walkable from where we are...  and we love Thai.. so we thought we'd give it a try.And aren't we glad we did!  It was great!  The ambiance romantic for a nice dinner, the food fabulous, even made to order (i.e. veg with no fish sauce on request) and the staff so nice.The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because we asked for the booth we saw...  the host (not manager) said no, however, we notice that when we left after our meal, the whole time we were there the booth was still left vacant.... but fair enough, the booth sat 4 or more and we were just two....  It makes sense.But I totally support this one.  Really friendly staff who gave great and honest recommendations =)  Delicious!  And quite frankly a shocking surprise of quality on the Vegas strip!
2	We ate here before going to a show in the same hotel.   When we asked the maitre'd what the difference was between the Lemongrass and the one across the way (Blossom), she said "They are fine dining and we're not" so I stayed.  The scallops were delicious but everything was just a bit too spicy for my taste.   The waiter seemed unhelpful when asked for his opinion on different dishes and cocktails.  One of the specialty cocktails ("something Leopard") tasted medicinal.  My biggest recommendation would be the salmon rolls for an appetizer.  They were really good.
4	AMAZING food.  Very tasty, a bit white-washed.  They allow you to pick from 1-10 on the spicy level and I picked 8 and it wasnt spicy at all.Other than that its so yum!!They have dumpling carts where a server comes by and asks which ones you want to try for a relatively low price $4 - $9.Really good place for Thai on the strip over all!Ramen type noodles were amazing!
5	lemongrass at aria i thought was a great find. its hard to find a good fancy asian restaurant nowadays. their decor was really cool. very modern just like the rest of the hotel. there are private rooms as well if u have a large party.their menu is straight to the point. satays, curries, noodles and main entrees. we had the satays for our appetizer. it was really good. each order comes with four. we also had the gyoza. pretty standard. and their fried prawns were amazing. we did our entrees family style. we had the steak with tamarind sauce, and omg it was incredible. one of the best steaks ive had wc is weird because i didnt expect it from an asian place. we also had the singapore noodles. soo good! and their chicken curry. they have the usual spicy scale. we got ours at number 3 and it was pretty darn spicy. i can only imagine their number 10. we didnt get desserts as we were going to china poblano next door for that but i glanced at the menu and they had pretty good choices too. they had mango sticky rice wc sounded really good.  the prices were actually not as bad as i thought. although they had  110 dollar lobster dishes that im sure are incredible. i think its worth the money as u are getting a more formal and nicer dining experience at an asian restaurant with good quality food and great ambience.
4	liked it, maybe it was the good company or that i got quite tipsy, but definitely enjoyed the evening. we just walked in and sat at the bar, he had a couple of thai beers and i had a peach ginger cocktail that is now of my favs and will be added to my default drink list. we had the pad see ew (spice level of 10) and a pork and basil rice dish (spice level of 8). and they weren't kidding when they said it would be spicy, then again, i'm not know to handle my spice well, tho i can to a certain degree. the food was good, cooked well, nothing was over done from what i can recall. tho this may not be the best thai i've ever had, but not bad for a hotel restaurant. the drinks were good, the service was good. overall, a good experience =).
1	When they brought me the wrong dish I tasted it first. No flavor and lots of oil. When they brought me the "right" dish I thought it was the worst pad Thai ever. Oily, oily, oily. When I said just bring me soup - it was so oily I didn't eat that either. What a waste of money. Go to Noodles at Bellagio next door. Or Panda Express for goodness sakes.
2	I find Vegas has a large selection of Asian restaurants, yet none are authentic enough to want to go back. Lemongrass was recommended by the bartender at View Bar at Aria.  My drunken noodles with shrimp was cooked where 1/2 the noodles were dried and 1/2 were stuck together.  Not the great Thai food and its menu is a blend of Thai and Chinese, not sure the menu difference between this and Blossom.
4	One of the best thai places I've had in a while. We were staying at Vdara and just randomly stumbled upon it as a realized its right next to the enterance to the sky suites I've stayed at before in Aria.First of all, the decor and atmosphere is fantastic. Very trendy yet comfortable. The service was prompt and they were very helpful in helping us decide what to order.I actually tried their watermelon juice; its delicious. As for the food, we had beef satay, yellow curry, spicy seasame chicken, chicken & basil, and the wings. All were absolutely spectacular. Good size portions, very tasty, and definitely filling.Once we left I immediately called a good friend of mine who frequently stays at Aria and had to tell him about it. He can't wait to try this place now.After my great experience there I will definitely be back again soon!
5	Great traditional Thai! I highly recommend Lemongrass
3	If you are staying at Aria- this thai restaurant is probably the most affordable one aside from their lunch buffet.  Just make sure that you specify the degree of spicyness that you want. We wanted a 2/10 but it tasted like 6/10. 10 as the most spicy and 1 as the least.  I liked their salmon roll. I would not recommend the spicy lobster salad.
4	Great gluten-free choices. I had the cashew chicken and it was delicious. Service was excellent. On the down-side, they charge extra for rice, which I think is kind of cheap, and $4.50 for a coke is ridiculous.
3	We stopped into Lemongrass at Aria in City Center for a quick lunch. They offer an assortment of Asian dishes from appetizers to entrees to desserts. My wife had noodles and I had a rice dish. (I can't remember the names, and they don't have an online menu). Regardless of the names, our food was very tasty.  But the dish that made it to the top of my experience was their Sweet Rice with Sweet Mango and Coconut. I could have (should have) ordered 2 more of those. Though there are better restaurants around, this place is good and you won't be disappointed.
3	Good option for casual dining at Aria. Good service. No problems.
5	This is one of the best Thai places.  Very authentic.  Price is a bit on a pricey side but I got mine as comp. so that wasn't a problem, but I could see a problem for those that has to pay out of pocket because 3 dishes + 3 water come out to around $150.
3	Very nice place, but only decent Thai Food.First off I would like to state that I am happy a Thai Place exists on the strip.  For that reason I think Lemongrass is awesome.  However, the decor falls way above the food.I came here late on a Friday night with my friend who gets out of work after 11.  I mostly picked off his food as I had already eaten.  I tried the veg rolls, which were tasty but not amazing and the mango sticky rice.  Both were good but only mediocar.  Looking over the menu they had few vegetarian friendly options and mostly meaty dishes.  It seemed that rather than stick traditional thai style food the menu deviated a bit.  I would come again, but only if provokedThe decor is gorgeous.  High ceilings and rich brown flavors.  If your going on a date, and looking for someplace nice, classy and romantic.  I think you would be safe picking lemongrass.
2	You might be craving Thai while in Vegas. Understandable. You might wander into the Aria and find yourself sitting down at a very zen-like restaurant, ordering a pad see ew and finding yourself completely dissatisfied - no spice, minimal flavor, overly inflated prices (they had pho on the menu - for a whopping $15. I've never paid more than $5 - or let's be generous and say $7 - for pho...). Regrettable.Unlike many things in Vegas, where extravagance and decadence make things oh-so-much more fun, Thai food is probably better served in hole-in-the-wall, marketed-via-word-of-mouth locations - avoid Lemongrass. For authentic, worthwhile Thai food I'm thinking you'll have better luck off the Strip.
4	Stop by here if you like Thai food and if you are near Aria.!Prices are reasonable, for good Thai Food. This is where I discovered my love for   TOM KHA GAI  (coconut, chicken, thai garlic, mushroom and lemongrass, i  dont like mushrooms and if you dont too, still try it cuz its not one to miss) So much flavor.Also ordered the salmon spring rolls, satay, and pad thai (pad thai was nothing special, but still good =).Service: waiter look straight out of animae comic book very polite, food took awhile but well worth the wait!Ambiance was very clean, simple and cozy.Love this place!
2	stumbling in at around 2am - it's one of the few places to eat late night at Aria without having to leave the casino. we were warmly greeted at the door and quickly sat as they were closing in about an hour or so. there was about 4 other tables already dining. upon being sat - we flipped thru the menu - everything sounded good and reasonably priced (except for a few lobster dished running well over $100). 10 minutes had now passed and we haven't been acknowledged or asked if we were ready or needed water. my buddy began to dose off - as i attempted to wave someone down but there was only two chinese guys cleaning the same table on the other side of the restaurant. another 10 minutes passed before a waiter walked by only to clean the table next to us before i was able to get his attention to take our order.we ordered seafood stir fry, seasame chicken, wonton noodle soup and crispy chicken wings. food was brought out as they came and so was two glasses of water.call me fickle - BUT - for a fine establishment at Aria - i would have expected to either be asked - and if not - appetizer being brought out before anything else. futhermore - i shouldn't have to ask for more water multiple times, esp when there was only two tables left. when i'm at a fancy restaurant - attention to detail is a must!i only ate the wonton and chicken wings (as that was my order) - the chicken wings were good. great crispy texture and juicy meat - tasted even better with the thai chili sauce it came with.the wonton noodle soup on the other hand was nothing to rave about. very sub par. borderline bland.mid way thru eating - the check was dropped off and asked if we can pay right away as the cashier is going to go home. so not only did we have to wait for their services - we had to rush ourselves. not impressed by any means.
3	I've eaten here a couple of times, and each time my my expectations have been lowered. The first time I ate here I LOVED lemongrass!! Then, I came again, and again, and this last time- I'm sorry but it was weak. First of all, I REALLY like Thai food, so when I walk in I pretty much know what I'll be ordering. One of the people I was eating with asked the server which of two dishes he recommended; he obliged and recommended the green curry, while basically trashing yellow curry. Well, guess who likes yellow curry? Yep, me! He noted down green curry in our order; but I made him change it cuz he ordered what he wanted, not what I wanted. (first mistake!) He suggested we have rice with the curry- okay- to be expected. Then he suggested we order the soft shell crab fried rice. It's like the guy just wanted to pump us out of our money! It was really annoying. This has been the 2nd time I wasn't happy leaving Lemongrass. I think I'll have to find somewhere else to get my upscale Thai fix.
2	This review is quite late.. very late actually, but I remember my experience quite well since it was the night that Aria was only open for special guests, mainly friends and family of hotel execs, so everything was free... when I say everything, I MEAN everything. Table games and restaurants included.Now about the restaurant. Plainly put, you'd be better off elsewhere. There is no creativity within their dishes, and they add nothing new to Vietnamese and south Asian cuisine, even though they are classified as a Pan-asian restaurant.The only thing I enjoyed was their Tom Yum soup, which was traditionally made with natural,coconut juice and a foot portion of shrimp.Pho restaurants off strip are much more delicious, and much less pricier.
3	My best friend just to happened to have planned a Vegas trip the same weekend I was going to be in Vegas, how crazy is that?!  She was staying at the Aria and we decided on going to Lemongrass for dinner.There was no wait at 7:45/8:00PM on a Saturday night which was great!  I would categorize Lemongrass as an Asian Fusion restaurant.  They make a bunch of different Asian dishes.  The food is good but not great.We ordered a TON of food:Fried PrawnsJellyfishSpicy CucumbersChicken WingsVegetable Fried RiceThree Cups ChickenBeef PhoPork and Pickled Vegetable Noodle Soup (Xue Cai Rou Shi Mian)Spicy Beef Noodle Soup (Nu Rou Mian)The Fried Prawns were YUMMY.  The prawns are huge, and the dipping sauce compliments the flavors so perfectly.I quite enjoy jellyfish, but this one tasted a little too water-y.  They must've washed the jellyfish and possibly soaked it in tap water, because there was an overwhelming tap water flavor when I bit into the jellyfish.The Spicy Cucumbers were seasoned with the right mixture of vinegar, sugar and spice.  It actually tasted really similar to the appetizer you'd get from a legit Chinese restaurant.I got the Beef Pho and was a little underwhelmed.  I felt like I got more beef, tripe, flank, and whatever else they put in my soup than noodles.  And because the beef, tripe, flank etc. looked weird, I had a difficult time wanting to eat it.  I ended up having a big pile of that stuff on my side plate.The server seemed to be in love with one of the girls and would be SO chipper and smiley with her.  Anything she needed, he'd get for her.  I believe his name is Van.This was a pleasant dinner, and somewhat affordable.  I think I'd rather try some of the other restaurants at Aria, perhaps the buffet, next time.
4	Finding good food in Vegas without trading in arm or a leg can be difficult to say the least! Lemongrass is in the Aria Hotel which is a beautiful hotel and it is in a great area, the City Center. I tried the Drunken Noodle with Shrimp and I was blown away at how good it was. I was also blown away by how spicy it was even though I was informed it would be medium. Despite this glitch the food was divine and reasonably priced and the service outstanding!
3	Yes, I know you could just drive down Mountain Spring Road for good cheap Asian restaurants. But, when you're looking for something nice and classy, I think Lemongrass hits the spot.Been here a couple times and I don't have much to complain about.  They have a large selection of food to choose from- there's some Thai, Vietnamese, and Chinese food, even dim sum on weekends.  They also offer a cool satay bar.  Sure, its a little pricey, but what else would you expect from Aria?  The quality of the food sure surpasses those of the Asian places down the street and the service is far better.My boyfriend I really likes the spicy pepper beef udon.  My parents love the vegetarian pad thai.  And I enjoy the dim sum- especially the spicy tripe and har gao.
3	I love love love Thai food! This is not my absolute favorite because it is not authentic Thai food as you would have at a hole in the wall but it is very good. It has a different taste to, not as bold as the authentic Thai, however, still very good. I ended up falling asleep on the table here as I was very drunk lol.
4	Yummy!! Beautiful presentation and amazing taste. Atmosphere is cool and understated. Definitely worth walking thru the casino for dinner (sound like a local snob but didn't mean it that way). Hooked on the coconut water- gives a whole new meaning to the word "refreshing" especially after those Chang beers and spicy soup!! Service is friendly and efficient - another plus
4	My boyfriend and I stopped in recently while walking around Aria on a Sunday afternoon.  My boyfriend wanted me to try his new favorite dish, Pho.  I ordered the Chicken Pho and even though I was feeling sick that day, I ate the entire bowl.  My boyfriend has become a sort of "Pho conoisseur" and he said that was exactly how Pho should taste. I loved it and unfortunately, coming back to the East Coast, I haven't found better (although I've been told to go to my hometown neighborhood of South Philly on Washington Ave).My boyfriend ordered some sort of Curry Chicken dish and the Tom Kha Ga soup.  He loved every last bit of both.This will be the first restaurant we go to on our next trip out to Vegas.P.S. 4 out of 5 stars only because after our waiter brought us our food, we didn't see him again until we were ready for the check.  Usually I wouldn't mind being left alone but being sick the day we went, I really wanted more green tea.
1	Yikes. I should have paid more attention to the Yelp reviews on this place, but there aren't many sit-down lunch options at Aria and we were on a pre-meeting time crunch. The other nearby option was the French pastry place with the pre-made sandwiches laid out in a display case... But we're fans of Thai food and figured: "how bad can it be?" Well, apparently it can be much worse than we thought. We started with the vegetarian spring rolls and the prawns (which our waiter assured us was "the best appetizer on the menu"). The spring rolls could have come from any cheap hole-in-the-wall Chinese place I've ever been to. I wish they had been better because they ended up being the only thing I ate for lunch. I'm told the prawns were okay, but if they were "the best appetizer," my dining companion commented that the other options must be pretty scary.For entrees we decided to try the pad Thai, chicken satay and some vegetable fried rice. I kid you not - the pad Thai tasted like dish water. The fried rice had no sauce, and was basically white rice with little squares of carrot and onion in it. The satay came with peanut sauce, and while I had never before met a peanut sauce I didn't like, this one was awful. It was bland, noticeably lacking in sweetness (which would have enhanced the otherwise-absent flavor), and quite honestly just not worth the calories.  We had no complaints about the service or ambiance, but in a city filled with so many great restaurants this one definitely belongs at the bottom of the dining list.
1	What a joke. We had an awesome waitress... up till we ordered our meal. She informed us that her shift was ending, so we got stuck with Alex, and over the next five times someone came to the table, we had a different person each time.My drink ran out three times.No freakin' way. One time is barely tolerable. But three times? The place was not overwhelmingly busy. There were at least nine tables around me that were empty, and only four of them occupied. Not sure what the problem was.The food was *decent*... the fried rice seemed to have a bit too much oil. My friend's Mongolian Beef was overwhelmed with onions... it seemed as if there were more onions than meat.Overall, the ambiance (Edison-style lights are awesome) was unbelievably gorgeous... but that's about where the Pros list ends and the Cons start. Better luck next time... but there are so many places in LV/on the Strip that this won't be worth a return visit anytime soon.
3	It was our last day and we were getting ready to leave the hotel and I was starving so we spotted this place and I figured I would order some chicken Pad Kee Mao to go. In the menu they only had seafood but the girl at the front said she would substitute the seafood for chicken, I also asked to make sure it's really spicy. $20 later I have a fair sized order (for $20 bucks I did expect a lot more) of SEAFOOD Pad Kee Mao and we were in the cab on our way to the airport so there was nothing I could do about bringing it back, I just had to eat it. I will say that it was very flavorful, perfectly spicy and the seafood was fresh but I would have preferred the chicken that I ordered.
4	Not bad! Really good fried rice with seafood I forgot which one, the one without the pork for sure. I like their orange chicken. They have dim sum and other Asian food there'd too not just thai. I would come back..
3	Mediocre Thai food.  There was nothing amazing about it, but it wasn't bad either.  I wouldn't recommend the thai iced tea- I've had much better.The place is really snazzy inside.  Good service too and prices weren't too bad considering how expensive Vegas restaurants tend to be.
4	Had dinner here on 6/22 with family.I had already read the other reviews. Some reviewers liked this place, some did not. You can put me in the column for liking it.Started off with one of my favorite drinks, a Grey Goose dry martini, straight up. It was good, so I forced myself to drink another.Our waiter, Van, was pretty much on top of it. Friendly, knew the menu, made suggestions based on our menu questions.I started off with the Tom Yum soup, spice level #5. Now I love spicy food but following our waiters suggestion, I stuck my level in the middle of a 1 -10 scale. Glad I did because it was just right. I could have gone up 1 or 2 more, but why? This soup was tasty. I had the shrimp version and these shrimp were very fresh and clean tasting.We had a few different plates and shared among us. I had some type of spicy seafood noodle dish whose name escapes me right now (Grey Goose martini's?) but it is the first dish on their entree list. My wife had a green chicken curry. We switched our dishes after a short while because she thought it was a little too spicy for her. It was not too spicy for me. Now I am somewhat of an aficionado when it comes to green curry. I make an excellent version myself. The version here at Lemongrass was better than average. My only dislike with it is that I just did not care for the pieces of potato in it, but the rest of the dish was just fine. I would order it myself.No room for desert. It usually works out this way for me.I would give this place somewhere between 3 and 4 stars. However, our waiter was really good and that makes a difference so I will give four stars.If you are staying at the Aria, it is a nice option for dining. Reasonably priced......................for Vegas!Cheers to all
2	The best way to sum up this place in one word is:  OVERPRICED!  Dined here for dinner with some friends on Saturday 6/25/11.  Since the Aria is so big, it was hard to find this place.  When we finally did find this restaurant, we sat down and looked at the menu.  I was shocked to see Thai food so expensive and so overpriced.  Can you believe they were trying to sell pad thai for like $16??!  I was shocked.  I can find better tasting pad thai for less than half the price they were selling their's for.  I ended up just ordering a bowl of their wonton soup for $14.  Yes, $14!!  There was nothing great about it.  The wontons were good, but the overall soup tasted like it came out of a Top Ramen bag.  Totally disappointing.  One of my friends ordered the pepper shrimp which was good, but a bit on the salty side.  Their pineapple fried rice was good I do have to say.  My advice is  save yourself some $$$ and dine somewhere else.  Personally, I like Archie's Thai Restaurant on Flamingo.  Food is great and affordable.  Or if you don't want to that, try YELPing a few places.  :)
3	This place really took me by surprise. Located right next to our entrance to the Sky Suites, it was convenient for us to eat here during our trip this past weekend. It is beautifully fit for the very modern Aria.Our service was a bit weird. I understand it's difficult to accommodate large parties, but our service just seemed a bit whacky. A little "all-over-the-place." In a rather empty restaurant, they told us it would take them 20 minutes to set up a table for 10. All I could think of was, why?Anyway, the food. The food was good and decently priced (especially for Vegas). Our pho was about $12 a bowl? Double what I pay out here in Oakland, but like I said... it's Vegas and it beats paying $70 for a small steak. My friend ordered the soft shell crab (I think) fried rice and it was DELICIOUS. Everyone at the table loved it. They also served dim sum, which was a nice surprise and comparable to Oakland dim sum. I NEVER said it was AS GOOD as Oakland's dim sum... but it exceeded our expectations.I would highly recommend this restaurant to those looking for an inexpensive bite and if they're at the Aria for any reason.OH! Avoid the pho though. It was extremely bland...
4	Great ambiance with so tasty and healthy food.Very good service and value for money .Very well recommended .
4	The menu here was very standard American Thai -- nothing out-of-the-ordinary. You've got your Pad Thai, some various noodle dishes, some soups, a few curries, and so forth. Some were dressed up a bit (lobster in the Tom Yum soup), but it was basically a standard menu.But it was as fresh and clean and well-prepared as any Thai food I've had. Flavors were right-on. The soup was perfectly balanced (cool + hot). My shrimp were nicely crusted. There was a bit too much syrupy sauce on one tofu stir fry dish for my liking, but that was the only loser.The restaurant is a little hidden in the Aria, and both times we went there was no wait. The price is about the same as the buffet upstairs (which can have long lines!), but the food is definitely a notch higher.And, they take the heat ratings seriously here. I asked for mine to be 8/10. I'm usually good with the heat but this was a bit too much! (They warned me, so I can't hold it against them.)
5	Good as it gets!   Touristy americanized asian food in delisious little plate style, great items on the menu order everything, we did!
5	I'm a little biased because i know the hostess...Nice ambiance.Food was good, just a tad on the hot side.Fast service.Prices a little high with the average entree price at $15.If you have a sky suite room, make sure you check out the secret lounge - you get free drinks, cookies, snacks, and fruits!
5	Taste explosion!  Generous portions. Beautiful setting. Forget Julian Serrano. Eat here.
3	Overpriced mediocre Thai food, but then again what can I expect, it's located in Aria so I guess why it's a $$. The portions are alright, my family (4) and I ordered 4 dishes and we finished everything... Yes we were hungry, but we don't tend to finish what we eat whenever we go out.I must say that I did like the ambiance and the service was great. If you want to enjoy Thai food and is willing to shell out $$, go to Lotus of Siam instead.
5	The best Thai food I have had so far in the US. And these guys know what Thai spicy is all about! Awesome food and by comparison, fairly good value for money. The place is open till late so good for a wholesome meal after a binge at the tables/slots or the site seeing walks!
3	Get the curry crab!  Ok i know its $65 dollars, and you can get it in Canada for much cheaper, but hey you are in Vegas so you might as well indulge.  The service is very good as i think it should when everything is so overpriced.  The quality of the food is fresh, but it won't wow you out of your pants.  One thing i enjoyed is that they do have dim sum service in the mornings which was a big pleasnt suprise for me when i stayed at Aria.  Instead of waiting in line for the cafe/bakery/buffet, get some dim sum.  Avoid the pho/ noodles as they are a tad bit diluted.
2	Very disappointed with the food quality.. Overpriced, tasteless.. And poor service..
2	Why are we all being considerate about pricing in our review? What ? Money grow on tree for you? Pad sea eew = $16Wonton Noodle Soup = $12Haw Gaow dim sum= $5.50Seew Mai dim sum= $5.50Tea =$5.50/personWe came here for lunch after last night of debauchery LOL. The server greeted us. Here in LA tea is free but not in Aria. These tea are grabbed from snow-capped mountain in ChingChongPoo, China. Tea pickers have to climb 15,000 feet with nothing but ropes to pick these tea leaves. This is the story they like you to believe to justified for the tea pricing. It's rare and taste divine! So they tell me. The server said," We have these special jasmine tea for $25!" And at the same time and at the same motion my friend and I pulled back and said "EASYYYY!!!" It was pretty funny when we realized we said it at the same time and pulled our head at the same time. We looked at each other and laugh! What's in a tea? Tea leaves and water! Go fuck yourself with the scam! Sorry I don't know what got into me today. It's weekday and work carries over hahhahaha Oh I know I've been watching Gordon Ramsey "F" word show and he cusses alot sorry Love. You should see how he bitch slaps his "Commie" (staff). Funny stuff. Yeap I was at the wrong end of that bitch slap before and it made me a stronger person. What can I say sometimes it's good to take it in the chin. It toughen oneself.Food was ok, but it's pad see eew how hard is that?Nice dining area.Friendly waitressRidiculous price for pan fried noodles$60 total for two people, getting gang bang by Aria priceless.
4	This review is based mostly on the service and bua loy dessert. My boyfriend and I went here for restaurant week. We ordered pad thai and chicken curry. We said we wanted the spice mild. Well, the food was not mild. It wasn't that the food wasn't good. It really was, but we couldn't handle the spice. I think I got full off of all the water I drank. The servers were very attentive  and even offered to redo the dish. The bua loy dessert was heavenly though..... It was the best thing ever...... So creamy.... so smooth..... so sweet..... so good.... and it cooled down my mouth from all the spice.....I would come here again but just for dessert.
5	Cake. Cookies. Pie. Brownies. How about a bowl of sweet coconut soup with doughy, flavored rice balls? Lemongrass serves the most unique dessert I've ever eaten. I love new things, especially new things that are tasty and appear to be healthy, even if they're not. The warm coconut riceyish bowl is all that.Lemongrass also serves the best yellow chicken curry. Ever. And no, I'm not a yellow curry expert. I order it less than 10% of the time at Thai restaurants. However, I try it off other people's plates. If I were to visit Lemongrass again, I'd order it as my own main entree. Some other bonuses: moist, perfectly cooked chicken satay; outstanding service; outdoor lights installed inside. I ate here during restaurant week--so I enjoyed a lovely three course dinner for $30.11. It was a damn good meal!
4	Lemongrass is in the beautiful Aria Resort and Casino Hotel.  The atmosphere is breathtakingly beautiful!!  Pros:1) Excellent service2) Food was great (Ordered the pad thai with beef)3) Huge menu variety (including dim sum)4) Clean and new5) Quiet atmosphereCons:1) On the pricier end2) Location of the restaurant was tucked in so it was kind of hard to find
3	First thing you think of when you go into the Aria Hotel is bling bling, I must be getting paper fo'sho if i'm staying here. That ubiquitous air of wealth and luxury permeates the atmosphere, you can't help but feel like Justin Bieber in Vegas. You're the bomb; anything is possible in sin city. With this new found confidence and flare for extravagance, what sort of dining experience do you expect? I'm thinking exotic. I'm thinking fantabulous. I'm thinking thai food.So, during my short stay at the Aria hotel in Las Vagas, me and my family decided to go to Lemongrass. First of all, the decor was amazing. Curtains of fringe hung effortlessly on the ceiling, creating a tent over some of the tables. The lights were dim, creating a very sensual atmosphere, mimicking that oriental mysteriousness of Asia. Om nom nom nom, this place looks amazing!I wish i could say the same about the food. It was like turning on the T.V, being all excited to watch the new episode of the Real Housewives of New York, but getting disappointed when instead, you see the rerun of a cheap, tacky real housewife of New Jersey flipping a table. Don't tase me bro! I love the Manzos and all, but the Simon and Alex are where it's at! Anyway, back to the food, I could have gotten tastier, more authentic thai food at half the price right here in OC. Don't get me wrong though, the food wasn't horrible, it was very much delicious.  For appetizers, we ordered the Yam Ta Krai (lemongrass, fresh prawns, squid, scallops, spicy tamarind dressing) and Tom Yam Talay soup (spicy seafood, prawns, scallop, squid, lemongrass, abalone mushrooms).The appetizers were amazing! The seafood was super fresh, and everything was really tasty and flavorful.What I was really disappointed in were the entrees. I hate curry...NOT. I'm bananas for curry. Everytime I eat thai food, which is very often, I order curry again and again and again. I would bathe in curry and immerse myself in its deliciousness if I could. Curry is better than shark week; it is legend...wait for it...dary. So, i ordered the green curry since it came with eggplant ( eggplant is a sign God wants us to be happy). I didn't hate it, I could never hate curry. It would be like a mother hating her child. It was just watered down and lacked that unctuous and satisfying spice that curry is supposed to have. My mom ordered the Drunken Noodles, which I guess is one of their specialties. To be honest, these noodles tasted like a typical msg-ridden fried noodle dish from a mediocre Vietnamese restaurant. The crisp on the noodles was nice; but like the curry, it lacked flavor. The dessert was amazing though! But then again, I've never complained about the dessert at any restaurant. Dessert is like Ryan Gosling; it's good all the time. I ordered mango sticky rice, a thai classic! If you've never had mango sticky rice, you have never lived. The red ruby was very tasty as well. It was shaved ice with corn, jellies, and jack fruit. The corn was a sweet, surprising touch. Overall the restaurant was average. I would give ten stars for the decor but only three stars for the actual food. Compared to the prices of other shnazzy Vegas restaurants, this place was a pretty good deal. But compared to a more humble, authentic thai restaurant, the food seemed bland. If you want super yummy, exotic drinks, appetizers, and deserts with a cool and stylish ambiance, definitely try this place!
4	Great ambiance, very nice upscale thai food. I was comfortable having a late night bite there by myself at the bar.  As a single female business traveler, that's always a plus.
4	Last Friday when we arrived in Vegas we were hungry and wanted to find a place to eat lunch. We were staying at the Vdara and decided to walk across the way to Aria to see their restaurants and we decided to eat at Lemongrass. We were immediately seated but the service got off to a slow start. We sat at the table for almost 15 minutes before we were offered something to drink. I asked for water and he asked for beer (one the was on tap but I can't remember). It took almost 10 minutes for our drink orders and we placed our order once the drinks were brought to the table out of fear of the waitress disappearing and not returning. This restaurant is very versatile and can accommodate groups, children or date nights if the service is up to par. We ordered the spicy prawns and spicy Asian cucumbers for our appetizer. My husband ordered sesame chicken for his entree and I had the pla lobster salad. The appetizers arrived fairly quickly and to our surprise the prawns were actually flattened a bit so that they can be rounded and looked like a panko coated crab cake. The prawns while a little different were absolutely delicious as was the rest of he food and the portions were fairly large. There was celery in the salad that I had ordered and I was picking it out as I am not a big fan of celery. The waitress asked if my food was okay and I told her that it was very good and my husband chimed in that I was picking out the celery because I don't really like it. The waitress offered to take my salad back an remake it without the celery which was very nice but I told her that it was no problem and that I would eat the salad that I was served. She seemed a bit concerned that I may not enjoy my meal and asked if I was sure and when I assured her that it was okay she left. The waitress came back to the table about 10 minutes later and asked if I was ok again and if I was enjoying my salad and once again I assured her that the salad was delicious. I did appreciate her concern. As we were eating another waitress was pushing a cart containing dim sum thru the dinning room. The food on the cart looked and smelled delicious but we didn't order any because we knew were not going to able to eat all of the food we had ordered. The prices are a little steep especially since or bill was over $50 for lunch but hell we were in Vegas!
4	I am surprised about all the poor reviews.  We have eaten here half a dozen times and the food and service has always been excellent.  The duck curry is flawless.
4	This place has some great food and the service was outstanding. I can't offer much help because I don't remember the name of the dishes, but I had to leave a review for the service. There is something about a waiter who makes sure to point out the 18% included gratuity before leaving the tab that I can really respect. Definitely recommend this place. Great service and food.
4	We were staying at the Aria and I was craving for Asian food so we decided to try this place out instead of having to venture outside the hotel. It's supposed to be a Thai restaurant from what I understand but they have blended chinese fusion to it as well. I was surprised when I saw a Dimsum cart pull up next to our table but I was equally surprised by how authentic it all tasted. We ordered a good mix of thai and chinese dishes and were not disappointed. They say that you know it's a great Asian restaurant if you actually see Asian patrons in it and trust me, there was a fair number of us out there. The staff was friendly and attentive but the price is of course, was Vegas style, for something I feel I can get at a local joint for less money. Highly recommended for when you're looking for a great eats without having to leave the resort.
4	I'm getting into the habit of giving 4 stars out - but I think I'm getting better at finding the good places!  I went to Lemongrass for lunch, mainly because it was in my hotel (the Aria) and I wanted Asian cuisine.  The service was gracious and kind.  Every server who passed me was pleasant and eager to please.  I had the peach-ginger cocktail, very refreshing and creative.  I moved onto the potstickers.  I'm a potsticker lover, so I'm always on the lookout.  These were large, with a very nice dough, steamed/fried to perfection with a nice spicy sauce.  I then moved onto sesame chicken - I know, it's Chinese, and not real original, but it was delicious, a sweet-chili sauce that wasn't cloying sweet.  The ambiance is beautiful and serene, an oasis tucked away from the casino.  Would be a nice romantic spot - but for just me, it was really enjoyable.
3	Nice ambience.  Ordered the fried chicken appitizer...it was delish.  It's a little on the pricier side, which is understandable as it is located inside the Aria.The boyfriend ordered the seafood noodle soup...delish.  Daddy ordered the shrimp wonton noodle soup...delish.  I ordered the yellow curry with beef (special request for the beef, since the menu only says chicken).  They asked how spicy I wanted it, from 1-10.  I ordered an 8...which had a great kick to it!  It was yummy & full of flavor.  Only disappointment was on the menu, they give a few different options for rice.  Sticky rice wasn't an option, but I asked anyway...and they had it!  Still a disappointment...sticky rice is supposed to be eaten with your hands...and it wasn't manageable with my fingers...had to use a spoon.Btw...they close @ 2am.  Ordered a pho to go at 1:30am after a long night of gambling.  YUM.  Lots of meat!
4	The dining experience on the Vegas strip is without limits unless you're in the mood for some very good Asian food.  Until recently, I was under the impression that you had to drive off the Strip to find any decent Asian restaurants, but The Lemongrass kind of changed that.  Although it's not the best Asian food you're going to have, it will be a dining experience that will leave you more impressed and satisfied than not.There were 2 forces that led me to the Lemongrass at the Aria: 1) I was staying at the Aria resort and 2) my wife was craving Asian food.  I was feeling particularly lazy and didn't want to drive off the Strip, so we decided to give Lemongrass a shot.  Unlike most of the dining options at the Aria resort, the Lemongrass won't cost you an arm and a leg, but expect to pay a premium over your typical Thai spot.The restaurant is decorated in that simple modern look that is consistent with the Aria resort with subtle (or not so subtle) Asian cues.  The servers were friendly and quick to fill water glasses or bring extra napkins, but weren't able to really offer suggestions from the menu (possibly a language issue).  The service isn't over-the-top excellent but it's far better than what you get at most Asian restaurants.  For our late night snack, we ordered fried rice and the prawn spring rolls.  The fried rice was good - nice chunks of meat.  The real winner was the prawn spring rolls.  Their interpretation of the dish was impressive and tasty, and it kind of made me wish that we were hungrier so that we could try another dish.  Yes, the prawn spring rolls were pretty good - light and crispy, not oily, and loaded with flavor.  If you need a comparison: the Red 8 at the Wynn doesn't even compare in terms of food taste and service, despite the Wynn being a much better resort than Aria.I paid $40 for fried rice and prawn spring rolls after tax and tip - much more expensive than your typical Thai restaurant but not bad for something on The Strip.  Considering the dining options at the Aria, the Lemongrass is actually a decent place to eat - not too artificially upscale or pretentious.
4	Well is it Thai or Chinese, they can't make their mind up.Anyway the Tom Yum Shrimp soup was just lovely many huge shrimp and lots of shitake mushroomsThe Pad Thai was pretty authentic again with huge shrimp.The duck red curry wasn't my favorite but if you like it very creamy then you would like it more than I did.Service was impeccable and it's open until 2am!!
2	Not great, but they're open way late and prices are reasonable. Noodles were a little soggy.I'd had a bit much too drink and the bartender told me the Thai place in Aria was still open, so there we went. Really not that memorable but it hit the spot and was much needed! And oh yeah, the "Shrimp egg rolls" are just sort of battered prawns, like hors d'oeuvres at a fancy wedding or something, rather than like real egg rolls.
1	I am not sure what other reviewers are talking about...This place was not good. That is putting it mildly.The panang curry was swimming in its own grease and there were huge chunks of bone in the duck that was in the pool of grease.The pad thai J was flavorless and the tofu was dried up little chunks.The server was funny and friendly and the kirin was tasty. If you are in the area, I would go to one of the many other places that are in the Aria...not here.
4	My rating is 3 stars for the food and an extra star for the service. Our waiter was very considerate and patient with us during our time at Lemongrass. All the food at the Aria is great and Lemongrass is not as pricey and a bit more unique than other places. Though they advertise as Thai they do have some other "asian-like" dishes - I'm not too sure how authentic this place is but as an Asian the fare does seem a bit white washed. We ordered some Tom Yum which was spicy and a great 8 dollar deal as a filler. It had a great assortment of mushrooms which is something I'm not used to in other Tom Yum that I have tasted. We also ordered Tainan Style Chicken which was served in a clay pot. The Chicken was great and very filling with an order of rice. We were seated at the bar area which was nice and quiet. Without drinks the whole meal was under 30 dollars and filling (unheard of at most places in Vegas). I was pleased with the experience and had no complaints!
5	My rating may be slightly skewed because this was my first real positive experience with thai food, but we were all completely satisfied with Lemongrass.  The atmosphere felt really upscale without making us feel uncomfortable.  We had the satay chicken and the red curry.  Both were delightful!!  The service was prompt and attentive.  All around good experience!
4	Whenever I come to Aria, I make a snack stop at this restaurant. It is somewhat away from all the casino area and the slots. It is never too crowded here and the staff has more time for you. I always order Thai iced tea to quench my thirst. For my lil snacks I tend to order the jelly fish and the spicy cucumbers. Those two dishes are so refreshing after all that drinking. My all time favorite appetizer here is the salmon spring rolls... This dish makes me melt!!! Every bite is so comforting and it makes me want to cum! Spectacular!!! I love this restaurant in Vegas because it's never crowded, the service is good, the food is amazing. Perfect since the night life is already crazy and loud enough! =)
5	I had lunch here during a recent Vegas vacation and the overall experience was excellent. The staff was helpful and attentive. The potstickers were good, but nothing extraordinary. I had the special, which was sea bass, and my date had the pho. The sea bass was delicious and prepared perfectly. My date said it was her new favorite pho. We then shared the mango coconut sticky rice, at the suggestion of our server, and were pleasantly surprised by this subtle dessert. Overall the staff, atmosphere and food made for a superb dining experience.
2	Food was good and I thought the prices for a restaurant in a very nice hotel like the Aria were reasonable.  I had a problem with the service however.  We ordered 2 appetizers,  lobster soup, 4 entrees.  I specifically asked the server that they bring the food in the order I show above.  Appetizers came and we finished them, they cleared the table and then the soup and all the entrees showed up.  The soup takes time to serve and eat and by the time you're finished then the entrees aren't as hot as you would like.  A nice place like this should know better.  I was PO'ed at their mistake and at myself for not sending the entrees back.  I made sure the server knew I wasn't happy but he only apologized but did not offer desserts for the 4 of us or to reduce the bill.  I won't return.
2	Lemongrass is located inside Aria hotel right next to blossom. I came here for lunch two days ago with a party of about 10. The service was awful. When we sat down, there was no waiter to be found anywhere near by. I kept having to turn my head back and forth just so I can wave one down. I had to walk to the hostess stand to ask for some menu's to look at. By the time the waiter came, we were ready to order. I ordered the thai tea as my beverage. It took almost 10 minutes to come out. The thai tea wasn't sweet enough. I've had better. My boyfriend & I shared the jellyfish and the Lemongrass prawns as the appetizers. I don't recommend the jellyfish. It was too largely cut that it was so hard to chew. I wish it was thinly sliced. So the "Lemongrass prawns" came out. And it looks like a fishcake or something. So I asked the waiter what it was and he said fish cake. I told him we didn't order that and that was ordered prawns. So he added that in as well. Then the "prawns" came out and it was an eggroll prawn. There was 3 different waiters at this table and they were all saying different things. Finally we verified that it was the Lemongrass prawn and just turn into a mousse. The Lemongrass Prawns was actually pretty decent. It was just a hassle to figure out what everything was. As our entree we ordered the drunken noodles with seafood. It was okay. The portion was kind of small. There wasn't enough flat noodles. It was about $20 for this dish. I thought this restaurant was pretty pricey for an "Asian" restaurant. And it wasn't even satisfying.
4	Great Thai food......although I must say my favorite hole in the wall place at home is better - the service was great,,  atmosphere modern & fun.  Food wise I'd give it between 3-4 stars- but the atmosphere & service make it a full 4 stars.Green chicken curry was excellent....  I disagree with the negative reviews of the dumplings- they came with an interesting dipping sauce, and really- how exciting can dumplings get?The Aria is a nice place - seems much less "Vegas" than most of the other hotels on the strip.
5	Food tastes incredibly fresh. Got the drunken noodle dish - it was a really large portion. Service is efficient. They have no problems accommodating patrons and can make your dish vegan if you ask them.BTW, unless you really don't care about costs, don't be fooled by the nonchalant offer of an alternative for a drink... my friend said yes to the coconut milk/water and then was shocked to see 12$ on the bill later on. ^^
2	Came here twice and tried a few things and overall, it wasn't anything special. The place is a combo of Thai, Singaporean, Chinese, and such, but primarily Thai.The food:Chicken Satay: Holy crap those are good. Combined with rice and you've got yourself a yummy grilled meal. If I remember correctly, there were 4 skewers, but they were large skewers so you could have it all to yourself as a meal or share with others as an app. The chicken were tender and wasn't burned, but grilled to perfection. The sauce was good and there was bread, but I didn't care much for that. Crispy marinated squid: Hated it. Squid was coated with too much flour and there was absolutely no flavor. Very bland, wouldn't call it marinated at all, and hardly crispy at all.Yellow Chicken curry: Very meh. There wasn't a lot of chicken and the curry was a bit thicker than I expected for a Thai curry. I'm fairly sure there was more potato than chicken.Thai iced tea: It was ok, but expensive ($4.50!?)Service:It was ok for the most part. Waiter came quickly enough and our food arrived in a relatively timed manner, but nothing special.Price:By Vegas standards, it's.... ok, but if I were paying this price elsewhere I would freak considering the quality to it. $3 for a bowl of rice? If I were to come back, it'll definitely be for the satay. I'm sure there are better Thai places out there, especially ones that's strictly for Thai instead of a combo of things that Lemongrass does.
3	The ambiance is great! You would have thought you'll get the best service too but I guess it is not always the case. We had a late dinner so we didn't really have a difficult time getting a space for a party of 5. We ordered  Tom Yum for a starter.  The waiter managed to brought in the soup, 5 bowls & 5 spoons on our table in one shot. Almost perfect! except he didn't bring a ladle. He turned away but I  called his attention just in time before he disappear from my eye sight, I asked for a ladle, he replied and said " Sorry, there's no ladle in the kitchen.!" Seriously?? We were shocked by what he said, how does he expect us to scoop the soup with? this is just a common sense! Oh well, we decided not to ruin our night just because of that so we just started scooping it with our soup spoon. hmm... Nice Resto inside a 5 star hotel and yet couldn't afford a laddle.. After few minutes, the same waiter came back with a ladle but we were half way done scooping the soup! He probably realized how stupid his excuse was! The main entree came next..the food is mediocre but i will have to give 5 stars on the Thai Crab Omelette, i really enjoyed this one. We also had this Garlic and Lime Steamed cod. It's looks so good! but the taste was a total opposite. We actually  returned and cancelled this menu because the fish was either not fresh or not cooked well... I am mainly giving them 3 stars because of my overall experience..
4	I really enjoyed the ambiance of this restaurant. It's secluded away from the gaming floor and really feels like it's on its own property. The Chicken Satay is a must. Can't wait to go back!
4	Food was very good and service was awesome.  We ate here before a show and they served us super quick as requested.  Would definitely eat here again.
4	I live in Portland, Oregon, a place that boasts a Thai restaurant every block. This place was fantastic...we had the yellow curry (sub tofu for chicken) and the pad see ew. Everything was fantastic. Some of the best Thai food I've had in quite a while.
5	Really tasty.  This was some of the best Thai food I have had in Vegas, and there is a lot of great Thai food.  I would absolutely come here again should I find myself on the strip.
4	great service. this place is open late so you can go just about anytime reasonable. the food is good. the crab fried rice and chicken wings are great. i usually  like to order a lot of finger foods and share some main dishes. there is a lot of variety and the taste is good.
3	Review is for Spring Restaurant Week 2012 menu:Course 1:  Chicken satay with peanut sauce and cucumber salad.  The chicken was good, but I thought the peanut sauce could have been richer.  Course 2:  Tom Yum mushroom soup.  Very flavorful and very spicy just the way I ordered.  I almost made myself cry!Course 3:  Pad Thai Ghoong.  Stir fried rice noodles with prawns, bean sprouts, and and a small mound of chopped peanuts.  Very good Pad Thai.  Course 4:  Bua Loi:  This is a dessert of warm, sweetened coconut soup with small rice flour dumplings.  Very, very good and a reason to go back for dessert alone.I really like the decor of Lemongrass.  The food was excellent--4 star quality.  I dropped the rating down 1 star because of service.  The meal was rushed.  When I was merely halfway through my soup, the server brought my Pad Thai.  Later, before I finished that main course, the server brought my dessert and when putting it down said, "What good timing!  You're almost done."No, it wasn't good timing.  There should be some time between courses.  It wasn't just me.  I saw an adjoining table where their main courses were brought before they were half done with their soup.  Also, the presentation of the soup with a sloppy spill isn't what I'd expect from a restaurant in Aria.  I would come back for dessert alone.  The Bua Loi is fantastic.  Look for a photo someone has posted and you can see the small dumplings.
3	I thought that the food here was pretty good, and service was excellent, but I wouldn't have come here if this wasn't one of the only places open at the Aria at 11pm.  We ordered the crab fried rice and the chili shrimp.  The crab rice was good, with chunks of crab meat, but the dish was overall a little bland and benefitted from some chili sauce.  The shrimp was cooked perfectly, but it was overall only marginally better from any neighborhood Thai place but at 2x the price.
3	We ate here last night with friends and had a lovely dinner. Luckily we went with someone from Thailand, so they could guide us through the menu. The ambiance was lovely and our server was more than attentive. The lobster skewers with the Peanut Sauce was excellent and easily one of my favorite dishes. We also had the Drunken Noodles which were very spicy, but very tasty. My top dish was the Chicken Curry. A definite must have. All in all a good Thai restaurant in a beautiful hotel.
4	Tasty food, good service, and great ambiance.. but be careful with the spice level on the orders. We had it as #7 but it turned out to be way to much. Being Indian I can handle a high spice level but this definitely gave me a good run for my money. So I suggest 3-4 but if you're daring enough or drunk enough lol.. go for the 7 ;)
4	my wife and I heard of this place, went there and loved it. aps were good and the pad thai was great.  right near the poker room also. cool
4	Ate here last night for dinner. We stayed at the Aria so it was perfect in terms of location and convenience.I was a little apprehensive because I was expecting overpriced, mediocre Thai food, but I was pleasantly surprised. My tom yum hed soup was absolutely delicious and for $8, it was a hearty, filling portion. I love tom yum soup and they definitely know how to make it at Lemongrass. You can tailor your spice level from 1-10, with 1 being super mild.Everyone was happy with their food. I'll definitely be back to try more!
4	My wife and I love this place because it is fast, moderately priced, and great food.  The first time we ate at Lemongrass, we ordered the Lobster satay as an appetizer.  It was very good, but we did not realize that we would have the option to order dim sum from a cart.  The dim sum is a star at this place.  The dim sum server was very knowledgeable and recommended a few options.  Most of them were from the pot sticker and dumpling family.  Tell them the type of food you like, and your server will help you find something.  You can't go wrong, and each order has about 3 or 4 pieces and runs about $5 each.The menu is extensive here, and has something for those who like traditional Asian dishes, like my wife who ordered the Singapore Noodles.  I like more Asian-American fare, so I ordered the Beef Chow Fun, it tasted like an Asian version of beef stroganoff.  You could really take the cast iron skillet flavor.  Amazing dish for around $15.  The service was great, and he had plenty of good suggestions, and drinks were always being filled before we had to ask.
3	If I couldn't get all the meals comped at this place, I'm not sure I would eat here. But all the meals are free from my poker comps so I'm here more than I would if free market forces were applied.The Soft-shelled crab fried rice is really really good fried rice. With that said, it's fried rice and it costs something like 30 dollars. They also have a slew of dishes and you can adjust the "hotness level" on a scale of 1-10. I've tried level 5 and 8, and the dish that was the 5 was more spicy than some of the 8's, so I think it's spotty. If you like your stuff spicy, 8 is a good level.I don't remember all the other dishes I tried, but they are all decent.
3	Very ehhhhh.  I mean I completely realize were not gonna get Orange County quality Thai food here, however, it doesn't give you an excuse to put it on there.Prime Example:Beef Pho - Come on...Seriously!  Whack and tasteless...then you go and charge $15 for it?!  You would do better with Top Ramen.  Actually they have that on the menu too.Mee Goreng (haha) - You're nuts...and insulting for putting a $20 price tag on it.  With a couple pieces of meat.Okay it wasn't all bad:Yellow Curry Chicken - Pretty solid and made it spicy the way I prefer it....Good job.Tom Kha Chicken - Jesus this was spiceh!  But okay...chicken texture was good.Yam poo Nim - Good starter.  Recommend to all.We ordered other stuff but can't manage to finish this review.  I hate places that over charge based on vicinity.  I felt like I was eating a $12 tub of popcorn and a $6 Coke.  DUMB!
1	For a Thai restaurant being in Aria you would think it would be excellent but that wasn't the case for me. Food was nothing special but what threw me off was other Asian dishes they were selling like chinese style dim sum which was pretty bad. I've eaten at a lot of thai places and this one dissapointed me. Spent about $130 for lunch and left in a bad mood. Service needs to step it up over there too. Will not be going there in the future.
3	Costly and not the best of the Thai restuarants I had.
4	As a newbie to Thai cuisine, I cannot compare this to any other Thai places. This particular restaurant had an interesting interior design and was very spacious with high ceilings and ropes that suspended the lighting up in the air and cut across the restaurant. The food we ordered was a spicy soup, green curry, and a noodle dish that was chewy and flavorful. The spicy soup though was my favorite since I love spicy foods, lemongrass, and veggies. The green curry had the right amount of spice and tender chicken. The only thing I didn't like about it was the higher price but hey it's Vegas in a nice hotel/casino so what do you expect right?
4	I was pleased to find a Thai option on the strip.  The restaurants at Aria are still a bit of a mystery to me but I'm finding the lay of the land with each trip.The decor is very nice and reminiscent of more expensive restaurants.  Some well dressed people were enjoying there meals around us.The menu is not strictly Thai, but more of a mix of various Asian food options with Thai food as the primary focus.I actually went non-Thai.  My Szechaun beef noodle soup was good, but not as spicy as I thought it should be.  Comments from the table were that some of the meals hit the spot, but the soup was not bold and tangy like we were used to having at Thai places in the Bay.So, reasonably priced ... not perfect food, but quite good and more of a fusion or Pan-Asian option.  If you are dying for authentic Thai, this place might be lacking in some of the bolder flavors I associate with the genre.  But I was happy with it overall and the service was good.  I would come back.
1	Shockingly bad. The food was a tasteless sloppy mess. Soggy mush. Considering the hotel/casino, I had pretty high hopes. This food was indescribably bad. They ought to be ashamed of themselves.
4	Pad See Ew: http://su.pr/15ttFBI bet I could finish that entire dish on my own. It was that tasty! But dammit, I was with co-workers and I suppose it would've been polite to share. Pretty much anything that involves kale is a quick sell for me. The fact that it was used in this flat noodle dish with tofu was absolute awesomeness!My co-workers also had the Green Curry with Chicken (which they liked) and the Tom Yam Hed soup. I'll admit, I tasted the Tom Yam Hed which was spicy goodness but I can't guarantee that it's vegan because the broth tasted seafood-y. In fact, the leaf icon that indicated vegetarian dishes in the menu wasn't next to the Tom Yan Hed so that was my bad :/Gasp!Oh, get over yourself..."the vegan" just told you that a potentially non-vegan soup was tasty. That's gotta mean something, right??? ;DP.S. The decor is absolutely fabulous! Contemporary design with ropes stretched across the ceiling. Makes me wonder...if one of the ropes were cut, will it all unravel? Hmm...
4	This place was alright.  We all ordered the pho, and it was OK.  The best part though (and added a star just for this) was the meat to noodle ratio in the pho.  I actually finished my noodles and had a huge bowl of meat left to eat, which was awesome.  Also, the beef was really tender and delicious, just wish the rest of the bowl was as good.This place is pretty fancy too.  It's go a nice atmosphere, and the servers were very helpful.  Probably the fanciest pho I've ever had.Overall: Some pretty good pho (the meat at least) in a nice and fancy restaurant.
4	This place was like an oasis in the desert.  Delicious cocktails like the Chai Spice that was featured on Vegas' M Life magazine, and thai and chinese inspired dishes that reminded us of home (West La).   It was everything we needed to check out of the craziness of Vegas for a couple hours. We sat at the bar both times we visited, and it was chill.  Exactly what we needed after one too many glitzy restaurants/buffets :)
4	My wife and i both love this place. We wind up ordering way too much food because there are so many menu items we enjoy.
4	In a sea of overpriced, greasy, carb laden, sugary food, how nice to have a Tom kha coconut soup and yellow curry. Soup, papaya salad (too much fish sauce), and chicken curry with (yes) brown rice was $44. For a Thai place anywhere else, that's pricy. For Vegas, what a deal.
3	Average Asian fusion. Has an impressive dimsum selection - shrimp dumplings, bean curd, pan-fried turnip cake were good. Xiao long bao is only average - much better at Red 8 at Encore. Drunken noodle with seafood had plenty of basil and fresh seafood (calamari was excellent), but presentation needs work. Lunch is reasonably priced. Love the setting - very calm, tastefully done. Service was excellent.
3	Good Thai food here, just not authentic in my eyes.The Salmon egg rolls were AMAZING though, and I'd highly recommend the watermenlon caeproskra (?). Delicious!Pad thai was so-so. Not authentic whatsoever. But I'd go back and try some other dishes.Service was great also!
4	I'm a fan of this place. Pretty good thai food. And their fried rice is very good. A bit overpriced but not bad when you use your comp points. I wouldnt go out of my way to eat here. But it is convient for its location right inside the Aria.UPDATE as of 3/12/2013I've been eating here a lot more since I moved to Las Vegas and all, and Aria is where I work. Here are my favorites so far: Yellow Chicken Curry , Drunken noodles with seafood, Chicken & Basil, Spicy Cucumber Salad, Tom yum talay, Pad Thai, Chicken corn soup. (NEVER ever get spicy level above 5, only if you dare, they will make a grown man cry and sweat lol and this goes for everything)
3	We didn't really know what to expect from Lemongrass.  We just wanted some Thai food and figured Lemongrass can't be that bad!After looking through the menu, you can tell that Lemongrass isn't a true authentic Thai restaurant.  There's more of a... Thai Chinese fusion going on here.  Still, we were pretty damn excited since all we had for the last few meals were fast food!+ Tom Kha Chicken - chicken, coconut, lemongrass, galangal.  Solid tom kha.  Not the best I've had but it's solid.  We had 4 and the portion is good for a bowl of soup each! $8+ Panang Duck - coconut red curry, duck, ground peanut, lychee.  My favorite out of all the ones we tried!  I think the duck is fried so it had this crunchy skin and it is very good with the red curry.  No bones!  VERY small portion though, and the curry is more of a paste.  Lychee sits on the side. $20+ Drunken Noodle - spicy rice noodle, prawn, scallop, squid, Thai basil.  Good to share.  Lots of fresh seafood.  We were actually surprised by the amount of seafood! $20+ Three Cups Chicken - bone-in chicken, ginger, basil, sesame oil, Shaoshing wine.  Yes yes, I know this is not Thai, but we did want something Taiwanese for whatever reason so decided to go for it.  Biggest disappointment out of all.  The chicken is fried then stewed in the pot with the ingredients, but the flavors of the garlic and ginger didn't really penetrate through.  Maybe I'm just a little picky since I love this dish normally :P $16The Thai dishes we ordered were all pretty solid so definitely going that route next time.  We knew it was gonna be expensive and it sorta is.  $20 for the noodles and curry, $16 for the chicken, and $8 for the soup.  We also ordered jasmine rice & brown rice to go with our meal and each portion was $3.We didn't try any of the alcoholic drinks since we were still sorta recovering from the night before.  Fountain drinks are at $4.50.  Again, a little high but at least there is free refills!Service was good and the decor/ambiance of the place was pretty nice.
3	Went there for a late night bite so we chose something that won't be too greasy. The food is alright, not too impressive. The only thing that made me remember this restaurant is that we happen to chat with the chef and he ended up offering us two deserts on the house. :)
4	I came here with 11 other beautiful ladies for my friend Jen's birthday. I'm not sure how reservations work because we had a table ready for us when we got there. One of my girlfriends met someone who's got all the Vegas perks of a gambler, so we got a completely free meal minus tip! Free dinner for 12 girls + 1 guy? HELL YES!Since we were in such a big group, each girl ordered her own cocktail. We also had wine to share.For appetizers: We had satay grill sticks that were accompanied with a peanut sauce, cucumber relish, and ciabatta bread. We had chicken, lobster, and beef. We also had fish cakes that were delicious.We shared a coconut soup that I didn't really care for, but that's probably biased of me since I prefer tom yum soup over coconut based soups.For the main course, we had fried rice and pad thai. I'm not sure exactly which ones we had, but they were good.I like this place because it's mostly Thai food with other Asian influences. Definitely something I would come back to.The service was great and we all left happy and full :)
4	Great food, cool atmosphere, great service! Given the ridiculously over-priced options in Las Vegas, this one was actually worth the price, and it wasn't totally over the top expensive.Loved the chicken satay, Singapore noodles, and pepper beef udon noodles.
2	If you like HOT & SPICY this is the place to go.High end Thai food and they have a SPICY METER, 1 is what I got and its equivalent to mild & it goes all the way up to 10. My sister got a 5 and I tried one little drop and my mouth became numb and started to burn.I don't know if I'm not fancy enough, but the food tasted different from Thai food that I'm used to. But if you LOVE HOT & SPICY, Lemongrass will kick your in the mouth.
3	Aria was the closest hotel to us (Vdara), so we came here to eat. Initially, the girls wanted to eat at Blossom but it was closed and Lemongrass was right next door. I ordered the Wonton Noodle Soup ($14). I was already expecting it to be a bit pricy. The shrimp in the wontons were big but it was lacking in flavor. I added some hot sauce to my soup, which didn't do much. Service was good. My glass of water was always full, even when I told them I didn't need any more.
2	nice decor, but over priced for something mediocre
4	My boyfriend and I went for a late lunch and ordered the Salmon Spring Rolls ($13) and the Pad Thai Ghoong ($20) to share. Service was great- our waitress was very friendly, food didn't take too long to come out, and our waters were constantly being refilled. I didn't care for the Salmon Spring Rolls but my bf loved them. I just felt there was too much cheese in them. Or rather, I didn't care for the cheese taste with salmon. The Pad Thai Ghoong was fantastic. The prawns in there were huge and it had a great flavor. You can order everything on the menu to your own spicy level on a scale from 1 to 10. We ordered our Pad Thai at an 8 and it was perfect (we love spicy!). As a heads up- our waitress said that their spicy scale is a bit hotter than most- she said a Medium spiciness would be around a 3. My only complaint would just be that it was pretty pricy for portions that aren't that big- even though Aria markets this as one of their "casual dining" options. We really wanted to try the Crab Fried Rice as well but it was $26 so we passed on it. Overall though, we really enjoyed it. If you like this place, you'll really like Red 8 over at the Wynn which also serves a great Pad Thai and other Asian dishes.
4	I haven't felt this sexy in a long time.A group of seven of us dressed to the nines and showed up at Lemongrass.First off, the Aria on its own is a beautiful casino and a great alternative on the North Side of the strip as opposed to the rundown hustle and bustle of Freemont Street hotels.Secondly, the Lemongrass restaurant was probably the best Thai Food I ever had.  I ordered a level 7, which was at the time I mistake.  But the curry was so good that I kept eating it, mouth burning, and a Sapporo to wash it down, that by the time I realized I was too full to eat anymore, I couldn't stop shoveling it in my mouth!Yes.  Shoveling.  I'm not the kind of girl you can take to eat in public.  lol.The server was friendly and he got all of our orders perfectly correct.  The kinds of places I usually eat, one has to worry about that kind of thing often in a big group.The total bill was something like $250, for the seven of us.  We all ordered an entree and a beverage or two.  Because it was our friend's birthday, she got any drinks she ordered comp'd.  That was nice of the waiter!I can picture myself eating here again next time Vegas calls my name.  Heck, I could even picture myself staying at the Aria.
4	Delicious and so nice to have good Thai food in Las Vegas!  Beautiful decor, friendly service and seriously good food.  The salmon spring rolls were great to start and the chicken panang curry with brown rice was beyond tasty!
4	Nice ambiance with a modern feel (very suitable with Aria). We order the crab omelet, pad thai, and shrimp for two. Very yummy. The portion were big enough for a leftovers the next day. Pros: not too pricey (considering it's on the strip), good variety of food, great service, little to wait time, open till 2AM, clean, nice bathrooms, and good location in Aria.Cons: food is not the greatest as the pad thai and shrimp was greasy. Plus drinks are very overpriced.Overall, a good place to go too if you're on a budget and craving Thai food. Just skip ordering cocktails.
4	Was greeted and seated promptly.Didn't know dim sum was served here, so we were pleasantly surprised to see the dim sum on wheel carts while following the hostess to our table.  (Today is Sunday, so I am not sure if dim sum is available on just Sundays, on both Saturday and Sunday, or every day).The staff is very attentive and friendly.  The suggestions our waitress recommended were on point.  Well, except for the papaya salad, which lacked the kick that most papaya salads have.  Barely tasted the fish sauce or lime in it.   Loved the sea bass, the marinated fried squid.  If you're in the Aria and you're craving Asian / Thai'ish (yes, I said "ish") food, Lemongrass is definitely worth checking out.  Pricing is also reasonable.  My party of 3 ate 4 selections of dim sum, sea bass, marinated fried squid, papaya salad, brown rice, and we also drank 2 Thai teas and 1 fresh-cocunut juice for a total of $103 pre-tip.  More importantly, we were FULL AND SATISFIED.  Worth coming back to try out more of what their menu offers.
4	I enjoyed the drunken noodles, but my one complaint was that when the waitress asked me about the spiciness I said medium to hot and this turned into a conversation that medium was a 3 on a scale of 1-10, which seemed odd for medium. I didn't want to get smoked out but didn't want to have it too bland so I took the 3. If I went back, I would ask for 5 for spiciness. Place was good though.
4	my bf and i decided to change up the scene a little for our 3 year anniversary dinner..we usually go to blossom's (which is right next to lemongrass). we just wanted to try something new and different.lemongrass is thai cuisine resturant and is located in aria next to the barracat area in a hidden hallway. i had called beforehand to make reservations to reserve private booth and a lil early bday dessert for my boyfriend. the host who anwered my call was a bit of a bitch when i asked about these not so difficult accomodations...either she gave me that long "ooookayyyyyy..." as a reply or not even a thank you...who said it? i said thank you..i wish i didnt have to though.we arrived there a little early since we were staying at the vdara next door so it was small walk to lemongrass. i told the host i had reservations and that we were 15mins early but she immediately seated us in a booth i had asked for and our server was great/polite/attentive. he was def great in customer service, wished i got his name! the aura of lemongrass was interesting..it was pretty dark than i expected it to be from looking at it from the front of the resturant.my bf and i ordered their chicken satay as an apetitizer and damn it was so authentic and delicious! im thai, so they def got it started on the right foot! their thai teas were amazingly great and again authentic. our main entrees were the rib eye steak with tamarind sauce and basil beef fried rice. we both shared the entrees and it was amazingly YUUUMMYY!  the rib eye is something i enjoyed the most and would reccommend.  the basil fried rice was surprisingly spicy..esp for myself..i loveeeee spicy food so that was a lot coming from me.later our server came to surprise my bf with their mango and sweet rice dessert witha  candle in it. guess what, it was complimentary! it is originally $7 but since it was a bday dessert they gave it to us for free!overall, this is a much cheaper alternative to blossom but still a great place to eat and get full...also to have a nice private lil dinner.
2	Very very average. All the dishes were average. Nothing special. Service  fine but could get the same at home in the uk. So average I cant remember much. Even writing this review is making me feel borring and sleepy like the food they served. Sorry just being honest.
5	Reserved at lemongrass for a party of 10. After 2 days and nights of partying it was time for a recharge.From the start we were treated like kings. We asked for some chef's recommendations and were regaled with all kinds of deliciousness. The bass, the satay, the pad thai, and the soups were especially fantastic. We kept ordering and ordering until no one could eat any more... and the bill was surprisingly low! We had a great time, service was fantastic, and they did a great job accommodating a large group. Highly recommend.
5	I recently discovered this gem of a Thai restaurant with a group of friends.  I have been coming to vegas frequently over the years and have tried most of the top restaurants in las vegas.  What I have come to discover is that most of the restaurants in the newer hotels, especially the ones that serve asian fare, are decent, but incredibly over priced.  That was not the case with Lemongrass.  I found them to have a wide range of food that was absolutely delicious.  The decor and ambiance were impressive and the service was excellent.  A great way to enjoy a delicious and fun meal with a group of friends.  Would recommend it to anybody.
4	If you want quality food and service, then you pay for it. This place is beautiful and a great place to go for lunch with the family.
5	after having some pretty pricey meals in Vegas, my hubby and I decided to try Lemongrass.  We had a craving for Thai food, and this was probably the best Thai food we have ever had.  We started with the Prawn Rolls and they were to DIE FOR. The crispy squid was pretty good too. Yummmy.  For our mains we had the yellow curry and the basil beef.  The basil beef was made too spicy for me as there was a misunderstanding on how spicy I wanted it.  However, when I informed the server, he handled the mistake with class and immediately got me another freshly made dish and apologized.  It's okay for restaurants to make mistakes and how I really judge them is on how they react to the problem.  THe problem with my dish was handled extremely well and I commend them for their great service to ensure I was happy.  Our bill came to less than $100 for two of us and we were stuffed!  Pretty good for some really good food in a swanky hotel.  Highly recommend!! We will be back on our next trip to Vegas
4	I ordered the Pineapple Fried Rice from the ARIA poker room.  Like an idiot, I failed to realize that "prawn" listed were jumbo shrimp, which I am allergic to.  No problem, the waitress replaced the entree at no additional cost.  The portion size was very large (I eat a lot and I did not finish it) and the dish was very tasty...probably the best thai I've ever had.  When taking into account portion size and quality, I actually think the pricing is quite reasonable (I used comps to pay for it, but would love to return and pay cash).
4	This restaurant is one of my Vegas favorites. At my most recent visit, my friend and I sat at the bar and ordered diner. It was lively with a great atmosphere. In a previous visit, my group ate in the dining area - excellent service there too.The food is so tasty. In true Thai fashion, the heat is about flavor - not just hot. The drinks are so tasty and strong. The crab fried rice is delicious.The staff is professional and friendly.
2	We obviously screwed up somehow because hubby's Thai basil chicken was bland with zero spice.  I thought he ordered it medium but there was obviously a miscommunication.  For us, it was a huge miss.  At least it was reasonably priced.
4	As a Thai restaurant, Lemongrass makes amazing Chinese food. Their dim sum was very authentic as well as the beef noodle soup and duck noodle soup.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by all of the dining establishments I was able to try @ Aria over four days.Lemongrass'  Sea Bass was fantastic. The noodles and side vegetable plates - noteworthy. Staff was especially accomodating. My large group had no reservations on a Friday night AND did the separate check thing, which is daunting enough a task, especially when people get up and move around expecting their Tom Yum Goong to follow them wherever they go. Only did Hendricks & Tonic for cocktails but they were perfectly poured. All three rounds of them.
4	WE reserved a table for a party of six and we had a really nice dinner.  We tried some unusual items like Jelly fish (Not that impressive), but all of the staple Thai dishes were great.  For six people we ordered "family style" (six main dishes and 3 appetizers).  the portions were good and the food was excellent.
4	Came to this place thinking I was going to have Thai food seeing as it is a Thai restaurant, but we found out that they actually have dim sum every day of the week, so we couldn't resist. I live in Southern California, so I we have plenty of restaurants that have authentic Chinese dim sum and this place actually held its own with them. The dim sum was exactly what I've had at other quality dim sum restaurants. One drawback: dim sum for 3 people ended up costing me over $80....Kind of a pricey lunch.
4	This was one of our last meals on our Vegas trip and we definitely enjoyed it. It was conveniently located in the Aria hotel where we were staying so we decided to give it a try since we love Thai food. The place inside is ultra sheek and modern with a contemporary flare. It's very nicely decorated with nice tables and furnishings all around. This place was delicious overall, we ordered the veggie egg rolls which were very fresh and the chicken pad thai. It's on the pricey side at $18 but you get what you pay for, the quality of the ingredients was superb, everything tasted super fresh. The only thing I didn't love is that our server asked us how spicy we want it on a scale of 1-10 but I didn't think pad thai came spicy at all? We figured we'd give it a kick and told him 5, but we really should have said 2 because our lips were on fire, but in a good way, so I can't truly complain. Next time I would just get it on the mild side. Our friends had the pho and a thai curry dish which they seemed to really enjoy. Another plus is how fast the food came out which was perfect since we had to catch a cab to the airport and we were in and out within 45 minutes and we took our time eating. However, the place was pretty empty around 2pm on a Monday afternoon so no reservations are needed. If I stay at the Aria again, I will definitely come back. Plus, I read that the executive chef is from Bangkok which shows you that the food will be good and it was.
4	they lost our ressies. however, they made it up by seating our party of 5 promptly, albeit in the bar area. the food was delish. we were starving and our trillion dishes came out speedily. ok, fine, just 7. it was clockwork in motion as the family style plates arrived and we automatically doled some onto each plate and then passed to the person on our right. we were so hungry (oink) that we even pre-hot sauced our pristine plates so that each one was drenched in red by the time food finally joined it. they were gracious enough to bring out a candlelit plate of beautifully cut fruit for our bday girl too. yay for lemongrass, thanks for a bomb (comped) meal!! XO
4	I've eaten at Lemongrass 3 times over the years since Aria has been open, and it has always given excellent food and service.  Great curries!
5	This was our last dinner in Vegas and we had a craving for Thai. Chose Lemongrass at The Aria based on the menu, and we were not disappointed.I had the Panang Curry with Duck and honestly, it was the best panang curry I've ever had in my life. Fantastic flavor, even without the duck itself. It was so delicious, I could have eaten probably three more orders of it. We also started off with the veggie spring rolls and they were quite the tasty appetizer.The place was pretty busy about 7:30pm on a Friday night, so we ate at the bar. Service was excellent - great attitude, very attentive. Overall, we thoroughly enjoyed our meal.I will forever be going back to Lemongrass in Vegas, specifically for that panang curry!
2	First off, if a customer intends to order 2 entrees I believe the waitress has no right to tell the customer otherwise. My husband was starving and intended to order 2 dishes.The first thing the waitress pointed out was the serving portions are "really big" and there's no way he can finish it. The waitress even pointed to another table to inform of the size of the dish. Anyhow, he only ordered 1 entree (Won Ton Noodle Soup) and ended up ordering an appetizer (pot stickers). The appetizer arrived and it was very disappointing. The pot stickers had no flavor and was very dry. I'm not 100% sure but I have a feeling the pot stickers are from Costco. Moments later our entrees arrived. The Won Ton Noodle Soup was a disappointment as well. It was bland and had no flavor. Luckily, my dish (Drunken Seafood Noodle) was tasty but it was very oily. I wouldn't return to this establishment for a 2nd try. The experience was just okay and it could of been better. The waitress we had was an older lady with an accent. The wait staff who brought us water were younger and much friendlier.We only tried this establishment because we had a food credit from staying at the Aria.
4	I would give it 5 stars if the food was serve a little faster.  I went with small children, and it took almost 40 minutes to get our dishes out.  Don't get me wrong, the food was fantastic. We ordered too little so I asked the waiter if we could order another dish, but I was afraid it would be another 30+ minutes. He was really great and apologized for the delay. He assured us that if we wanted to order another dish, it would be quick. And it was.  The char kwe tiau was excellent.  Very expensive place, but very good.  3 dishes for almost $80!
5	Just finished a stay at the aria and started out here for lunch. One of the best meals I've had at a Thai restaurant.Most Thai places I've been to offer Thai hot but never deliver. Ordering here, we asked for a 10 and they definitely delivered. The server at the bar, tony I think his was, was extremely helpful in making dish recommendations.I had the Beef Basil Fried Rice which was really hot and fresh. My friend had the Green Curry based on his recommendation and it had great coconut flavor.Will definitely go back again next time I'm in the area!
3	Very representative of the situation my wife and I often find ourselves in: it is hard to find good food on vacation. Lemongrass offers classically mediocre Thai food, plus you will get a 1 hour wait for absolutely no reason. Our meal: fried spring rolls ($10) these were clearly straight out of the freezer, no flavor, soggy vegetables; pho reeked of cinnamon ($15); Singapore Noodles Stir-fried rice vermicelli, BBQ pork, shrimp, onion, bean sprouts, bell pepper, egg, curry powder ($18) this was quite good and very spicy, earning Lemongrass 3 instead of 2 stars.Poor food, poor service, long wait. Do not make a reservation; I would suggest trying a different restaurant.
4	good wontons and nice heavy pour on the drinks.  I'll be back for more.
2	After a night out and skipping dinner, we were starved! We really wanted to try the Mexican restaurant in Aria but they were closing (boo!). After asking which restaurants are still opened we chose Lemongrass. The decor is pretty and modern. The booths are hard to get into though! You cant just slide in. On the table they have a cup with wooden/bamboo chopsticks. I personally think if it was an upscale Asian restaurant they'd be pretty and reusable but that's my opinion. We ordered Tom Kha Chicken to start which was awesome. They didn't spoon the soup into individual bowls which I thought was odd. I guess I'm just use to Asian restaurants doing that. For our main course we had black pepper prawns, sweet and sour chicken, some kind of curry, and I think Chow Fun. All tasted good but weren't outstanding. I guess I've had better Thai/ Chinese food with better service for cheaper back home. But then again I have to give them credit for being open so late. After adding some sodas, beers, and white rice the total was well over $100. Overall I doubt I will return even for late night grub.
4	This place is pretty good, but not amazing. I went with a bunch of friends and we all tried a bit of what each other had. The pho was just okay. I've had much better! The Sesame Chicken was pretty good, but tasted more like Sweet & Sour sprinkled with sesame seeds and was a little heavy on the sauce. Not bad - but just not what I would call "Sesame chicken". One friend had a vegetarian dish and it was good. The rice doesn't come with the meals so we ordered chicken fried rice to share with the table and it was pretty decent. The chicken, itself, wasn't great but the rice and egg were good. The cashew chicken was the real winner of the table. Generous portion and lots of amazing veggies! It could easily be shared! I wouldn't make a priority of coming to this place again or anything, but if you're staying at The Aria its good food, open late, and reasonably priced compared to other Vegas restaurants.
4	My friend and I were craving Thai on our last night in Vegas so we came here. We had the chicken wings, fish cakes, papaya salad, and pad thai. We also had Thai iced te which wasn't too sweet. Just right.. Everything was so tasty and delicious. The ambience here is classy and upscale. The service here is great and so was the food.
2	Love Aria.  Best hotel on the strip.  However, the eatery... didn't follow suit. This place is bit expensive for thai and what you get.  Service was just okay, they seemed unorganized.  Maybe cause they're fairly new, but employees seemed unsure of everything.  Got alot of blank looks when I asked a question.  "Can I eat in the Bar?" Blank stare.  "Can I still order off the Early Dinner Menu on Weekends?" Blank stare.  "Wheres the bathroom?" ..... Blank stare. Skip the early dinner, btw. Too pricey.  Just order off the regular menu.  Or go to Serranos.  That place is awesome.  Service and food are on point there.
2	I was here in June, and 6 of us had a business dinner with fine service and tasty food all around.  On this last trip, though...First we ordered drinks and an appetizer.  They arrived in this order: 1) My date's drink.  2)  The appetizer.  3) My drink, after our appetizer was complete.  At one point during the appetizer, my server stopped by the table to ask if I had received my drink (he should probably know that, right?); when he was informed that I hadn't, it didn't exactly put a spring into his step.  I still had half my cocktail in front of me when dinner arrived, and with it, the wine we had ordered to complement.The chicken satay appetizer, phad see ew moo and yellow curry were all unremarkable, and a few dollars more than you'd pay for better quality elsewhere.  I wouldn't return.
5	I'm a huge Thai food fan, and Lemongrass did not leave me disappointed...in fact it left me wanting more.We got into Vegas after midnight and by the time we checked in to our hotel it was late and Lemongrass was really the only restaurant open that wasn't a coffee shop.We sat at the bar and our bartender was fantastic.  He made us his signature watermelon cocktail, and was great company at 1:00 in the morning.  He gave us great advise on what was good on the menu.We had the spicy asian cucumber salad...AMAZING...for something so simple, it was soooo good!  We also had the yellow chicken curry and basil beef fried rice, and simply put it was fantastic.I'm so glad this was our only choice, we weren't disappointed.
3	I went to this restaurant as i was staying at Aria and was looking for a lighter meal and referenced the zagat ratings for the restaurants in the Aria. Not sure how this restaurant rated a 26 in zagat which is pretty high. I found it to be decent but have found much better thai restaurants elsewhere. I went with an octopus appetizer which was breaded/fried and while light had no distinguishing characteristics. For my main dish, i went with green curry with chicken which had eggplant as one of its main components different but ok. Service was slow and lackluster on a night which was not busy for he restaurant. In my regular use of zagat ratings, i would put this place as a 22-23.
3	Food was great.  Steam rice was extra- which  is lame. Service was slow - but that is the case at most places in vegas. Overall a great experience.
4	Is it pricey?   Yes.   Is it worth it?   YES!The Tom Ka Gha was the best I've had.  Was nice and spicy!   Also, it is giant so it could easily be a meal by itself.  Everything we had was very tasty and service was excellent.  Highly recommend if you are willing to overlook the high prices.
5	Man this place was good! we ate here twice during our 4-day trip. I had the pork and duck noodle soup and I think it's best I've ever had. The duck was just PERFECT.We also had dim sum here. Although it was a little more expensive than what we normally see in Seattle, the quality was great. My husband kept telling that for Dim Sum in the middle of the desert, they did an amazing job. Service staff was great and prices were reasonable for Las Vegas.
5	Wow, this place may have the best vegetarian green curry outside of Thailand! Truly Incredible!!! Also, the overall experience was amazing--great atmosphere and service.  Next time I am in Vegas, I am going to have to revisit this gem.
5	MMh I love Thai food! This beats almost any Thai I've had in Seattle! Tom kha soup and fish cakes were delicious! And the pink leopard drink was cute and tasted great! Service was very friendly and efficient. Timely as well, and the other staff didnt mind helping out either! Waitress let us know she was changing shifts which was appreciated. Very nice interior, loved the fresh anthuriums and orchids.
4	We usually stay at Vdara because it's clean, quiet and bigger rooms.  We always walk over to have Lemongrass.  I love their Yellow Curry, Seafood Noodle Soup, Prawn Rolls and Potsticker.   I can't wait to try their other stuff.
5	Man this place was good! we ate here twice during our 4-day trip. I had the pork and duck noodle soup and I think it's best I've ever had. The duck was just PERFECT.We also had dim sum here. Although it was a little more expensive than what we normally see in Seattle, the quality was great. My husband kept telling that for Dim Sum in the middle of the desert, they did an amazing job. Service staff was great and prices were reasonable for Las Vegas..::UPDATE::. Ok so I had to go back and write about their ROASTED DUCK AND BBQ PORK NOODLE SOUP. I went back home to Seattle and went out to find the best Yelp-Rated place for duck noodle soup. The result: Vegas was better. Trust me.
1	So I'm enjoying an afternoon of Vegas poker at the Aria with a few friends. We're throwing chips around, enjoying drinks, as well as our profits. None of us want to leave the table with the oil exec from Houston and the French tourist who likes to bluff. I don't know what it is but I really enjoy taking money off the French. Gonna have to look in to that. Anyway, I'm a little hungry and after my fourth greyhound I need some food. But I wanna keep it healthy and light so I call the brush. She hands me a menu to Lemongrass for table-side service which I will gladly tip her well for. I see brown rice on the menu for $5 and I ask the brush to tell them to add a side order of broccoli. She says no problem and I tip her $5 for ordering/picking it up.She comes back a few minutes later with the bill and its for $24 and change?????? I'm  confused, and assume she mixed my order up with another but no. I tell her to hold the order and let me know what the $24 charge is for (I'm staying upstairs and assume they'd charge my room cc at some point). She said that the manager said they don't do sides of broccoli and had to order the vegetarian dinner. I again am confused and let her know the vegetarian dinner is full of brown rice, noodles, and a mixture of veggies and mushrooms (is that a vegetable or a fungus?). She said the manager said this is all they can do for me. I tell her to cancel the order and say keep the tip for your efforts.After my button passes I take a walk across the casino to the restaurant, more like a cafe. The manager is extremely smug and rigid. I am utterly shocked by his lack of customer service to not only a gambling guest, but a hotel guest as well. He makes some snide comment about me not wanting to pay or not "having enough" to pay for my meal. Again, completely shocked I decide to make a statement and accidentally drop my wad of gambling c-notes on his counter which he picks up and hands back to me. Douchey as it was, this pompous cafe manager had to be put in his place.I returned to the poker table where we shortly left to get some Nobu at Hard Rock.It was a great trip but this was more surprising than anything. I still love the Aria and their poker room, I'll just steer clear of this place.
5	I'm very picky about my thai food, and this place just hit the spot. The place itself has a very nice ambience. Dim lights, sleek furnishings, pretty decorations. We were seated right away, with no reservation (6pm).  There was about 6 of us, and boy we tore our food up.I had the duck curry with jelly fish appetizer. I've never tried jelly fish before but it was amazing, and the duck curry was just as good - the prices might seem a little up there but you definitely get what you pay for - not to mention the portions are of good size. They're cocktails are strong. You definitely will not be disappointed.
4	The food was good... But not great. The Tom yum soup with mushroom was awesome but the garlic shrimp dish was a bit bland. Not enough flavors for my personal taste. Also the entrees didn't come with rice... Service was good but not great either. Servers were very friendly but I always had to look for them and wave at them to get my cup filled with water. But I love the atmosphere and their prices which is not bad at all for a restaurant on the strip. So I will come again whenever I crave Thai food.
4	Expensive Thai food!??!  I used to eat this on the weekend after 2am in college!Everything is well-prepared and presentation is phenomenal.  This is more of a fusion place.  Don't go to Vegas and expect to find super authentic dishes on the Strip.  But at a restaurant at the Aria, the food will be excellent.  Remember that everything in Vegas comes at a premium -- they don't build a city in the middle of the desert out of nothin'.I had the Beijing Meat Sauce Noodle, which was very flavorful and a touch spicy. Sided that up with an Lagavulin and I was set to tear up the city that night.
5	Delicious.  Nice atmosphere.  Kind of tucked away so its not too loud.
4	Yummy food and great service. We went for lunch and I'm so glad we did. Everything was fresh, tasty and the perfect amount of spice. I will be returning on my sub sequential visits to Las Vegas.
5	I am a big Thai food fan..When I went to Vegas, I had Lemongrass on my must try places when few friends had suggested.Their food is really amazing and the decor and ambience is so inviting.The restaurant was so packed, we were worried we would have to wait too long in spite of having a reservation.But our wait was less than 10 minutes.We ordered prawn rolls and fish cakes for appetizers.They were great and so was their Tom Yam Ghoong Soup.For mains we ordered the soft shell crab fried rice,chili sea bass, crab curry and fried tofu in mushroom sauce.We couldn't stop eating even for a minute and finally when we did we could eat no more..We were stuffed to our mouth and would loved to eat more if our stomachs would have permitted.The food is outstanding and the manager and the entire staff is very friendly.Its on my favorite Thai restaurants list definitely..that reminds me I need to make one.
3	Most of the restaurants I've chosen in Vegas I've been happy with but Lemongrass not so much. Overall, the Aria is a slightly strange place. The rooms are amazing - so comfortable, amazing touch screen technology to control everything in the room, bathtub in the shower area, etc. That said, the hotel lobby is gloomy, the casino is very dark, the club is just okay, and the casino tables are not lucky!Back to Lemongrass though. It's thai-fusion and not all I'd hoped for especially with how much I love thai food. I'd be happier with more "normal" thai food than this spot. We tried to get the seaweed salad to start but had to send it back because it was so strange and fishy. The other dishes were not memorable either and it wasn't inexpensive. We had wine which was pretty good but the food was just not worth it. If I were to stay at the Aria again, I'd choose other restaurants for sure. I'm actually a bit surprised that Lemongrass is still there.
4	if you're complaining about the price.. you're in the wrong city.. yes it's overpriced.. but their wonton noodles were surprisingly good.. and when you're hungover... that's all you want.. even though it'll set you back 20 bucks.. they have dim sum too... and their egg custard tart was damn good too..
5	The restaurant is gorgeous, the food was amazing and our server was incredibly helpful and attentive. It was definitely a bit pricey, but totally worth it!!! Warning - they charge $12.00 for Young Coconut. Yikes!!!
2	First of all - the decor is cool.The food and service? Not so much. Had cashew chicken and sweet and sour chicken and both were quite bland. Had to send the cashew chicken back as it was served lukewarm. Waiter was inattentive and slow - maybe because we didn't order drinks? Have had better Thai food at our local "hole in the wall".
1	Went to Lemon Grass on a whim. Food was pretty bad, mediocre at best. We ordered the chicken wings and eggrolls for an appetizer. Wings were flavorless, and looked way better than they tasted. Eggrolls were not special either. We ordered a noodle dish and a soup. Soup was ordered with a spice level of 4 out of 10. We like spicy food a lot, but I swear the waitress requested a 14 out of 10!  Damn hot!!!  I don't plan on going back to Lemon Grass, primarily due to the service (or lack there of) we received from our old grumpy waitress. She was not happy to be there, never smiled once and just lacked the most basic courtesies expected from a waitress at any restaurant, let alone Vegas. Definitely nice decor, but not worth the price. The negative sour vibe from the serving staff and waitress was enough for me to not recommend.
3	not bad not great.  avoid their dimsum menu. very amateurish and probably their worst offerings.curries are fair. but too sweet and with undercooked veggies. their soup noodles are pretty good.the meats used in their fried noodles and rice dishes are not terribly fresh. you can taste the freezer burn.
5	Just make sure to go past the incompetent hostess at the front with communication problems, who will make you wait for a table for 30 minutes for absolutely no reason, tell you to go take a walk, when there are tables available, and go straight to Eric at the bar. He will take care of you. Thanks Eric! (And by the way, after we were already at the bar for 10 minutes and ordered apps she tried to come get us for a table.)
4	i love how all the restaurants at Aria are all so fancy and pretty! i'm all about good food, but i hate how those types of restaurants can be a bit intimidating sometimes. i can't really stand the super dim lighting and how quiet everything is. i'm trying to see what i'm eating here.. and i would actually like to have a normal toned conversation without the fear of every single person in the restaurant hearing about it. the restaurants here are perfect! there's enough space in between tables so that you won't accidentally eavesdrop and while the service is great, it isn't intimidating. the food here is a blend of asian fusion, something i'm not usually a fan of, but their wings and salmon rolls were really really good. i'd have to say that most of their appetizers sound more appealing than the entrees. i should of just ordered a ton of appetizers and skipped the entree altogether
4	Maybe you reason why all the doors are closedSo you could open one that leads you to the perfect roadLike a lightning bolt, your heart will glowAnd when it's time you'll know at...LEMONGRASS! - Amber Carrington (firework cover)I was staying at the Aria this past weekend and it was 1:30 am and we hadn't eaten yet for unforeseen circumstances. The only places that were still open at the Aria was Lemongrass and their 24 hour cafe. Without much deliberation, we came here hungry but also not expecting much. We ordered the red curry with duck and vegetables and wow, it was a huge portion of duck, pineapple, green eggplant (fairly certain it was eggplant lol), red and green peppers, bamboo shoots, and cherry tomatoes. I was quite impressed by the sweetness of the curry with the tastiness of the overall dish. The jellyfish appetizer that I was happy to see on the menu wasn't good though as it was very rubbery. I've eaten a lot of jellyfish and this was something that definitely looked like it but wasn't quite there. I even tried adding chili sauce to mask the rubberness but that didn't work hahaNow I know the reviews overall haven't been great here but there are positives: A. open till 2 am /// B. restaurant decor is nice /// C. food looks authenticHonestly, I would normally never choose a place like this to have a dinner when I usually only get 2-3 nights per visit in Vegas and there's TOO many restaurants to choose from. The thing was that all the places I had on my list to try were already closed and we were staying at the Aria and this was open. I'm not sure about the rest of the menu but the red duck curry made for a satisfying meal that won't leave you feeling stuffed to enjoy the rest of the night.
5	So glad we went here, the ambiance and the food were lovely. From appetizer to dessert the food was excellent. I was advised to get the duck, but got a lighter noodle dish.. I wish I tried the duck! Beautiful, romantic place. The small bar next door was also very cool.
4	Service is slow.  Tables and booths are uncomfortable to sit in... but the place looks nice and the food is really good.  Tom Kha Chicken was probably the best coconut soup I've had (something I usually order at most Thai restaurants) and, oh man... the yellow chicken curry.... wow.  We couldn't stop talking about how tasty it was.  Mmm.If you're in the mood for Thai, you'll like Lemongrass.  Just don't expect great service.
4	Lemongrass!!!!!!!!!! This is where I eat when i have nothing to do an i'm sick of gambling at Aria..Food is good. Designer asian food. No complaints when the food is comped. Play more, eat more :)
5	Authentic thai food....donor miss this place if you like thai food.
3	Since we were seeing Zarkana we wanted to eat in the Aria. I really loved the atmosphere and decor, like all of the Aria it stands out.Our waiter was really nice especially when I asked for a unique drink he took my order and delivered exactly what I requested.We started with the Chicken Satay the best dish of the night, the sauce was a perfect mixture of sweet and spicy. If you go order this!For dinner we shared the Basil Chicken and Phad See Ew Moo. The flavor was great on both of them however the meats were overcooked and a little chewy. I would expect a place like this to have proper cooking time and not overcook their dishes. Also someone goes around to take pictures of you. However they are $50 for two pictures so be prepared.
2	Service is ridiculously slow especially when it's 11am and there's only 4-5 tables present. It took them about 10 min to sit us because the host wasn't even at her post. Food was mediocre at best you'd be better going off strip but if you don't have a car then this is your best bet in aria for asian food.I wouldn't recommend this place unless you had transportation or hight want to eat Asian food else where.
5	Duck curry, oh my god! Insanely delicious! A must try, im not a fan of curry but is the right amount of curry and spiciness and the duck nicely tender. Service very helpful and really know how to pair the food with wine. Not expensive for been on the Strip and specially at the Aria. Definitely will come back.
4	90$ for 4 people, drinks, entrees, and 1 appetizer. Huge portions too. Talk about DEALIO for vegas standards/prices.I'd highly recommend this restaurant for foodies on a budget since although Vegas has a tremendous set of fancy, amazing restaurants to offer, it's not within most people's price range (plus, it is extremely hard to book reservations for the places that are to die for like Robuchon!) so run towards the middle and go to Lemongrass. They strangely have dim sum at lunch hours...but besides that, they offer comfort food for $20 or less. Satisfying and delicious. The restaurant is beautiful too. If I stay at the Aria again I would def venture over here again and again!
3	This place was okay. I came in to Lemongrass because I had a 7:00 show to Zarkana and we needed a quick fix before we went in. I really like the decor of the small but intimate restaurant. Very cute design. However, if you end up being seated at the booth, those booth chairs are SUPER uncomfortable to sit at. The booths are shorter so it kind of forces you to sit up straight the entire time. I couldn't relax and rest my back onto it without sitting up straight. I guess that's good for my posture but man, imagine sitting up straight for an entire dinner! Sure would have made my mom happy!!We ordered a various kinds of food. Green curry, pad see ew, shrimp soup, and cashew chicken. All was good but nothing spectacular. For the prices you're paying, I'd say it's nothing that great you couldn't get at a smaller and cheaper Thai joint. Like I said, it was okay. I enjoyed my green curry but don't enjoy the price I'm paying for it. Would I come back? Depends. If I'm short on time like last time I'll probably stop by here again, but it's probably not on my go to spots here in Vegas.
4	Super glad we picked Lemongrass as one of our restaurants to try on our trip to Las Vegas. Service was very prompt from the start. We both really enjoyed our dishes. My husband had the garlic prawns and I had the mee goreng noodles.  I also had the green tea & gin mixed drink, which was divine. We finished our meal off with the sticky rice with mango. The decor was very unique and elegant - it really set the mood for the meal.
3	I had really high expectations.  For the price it was just ok.  Had the hot cucumbers to start with.  Basically hot pickles from a can.  I had the drunken noodles with chicken.  Portion size was good.  They tasted good, but the best drunken noodles are usually dripping with sauce.  These were a bit dry. Interior is beautiful but that seems to be what you are paying for.
5	Amazing! Once we walked in the smell of Thailand greeted us...We ordered pad thai, green curry and lobster, every dish was outstanding!!!
4	Come here everytime we are in Vegas!  Though this time the service was terrible I will be back to try it again.  I've never had bad serivce here before.  The food is amazing.  I love the thai basil chicken.  The decor is amazing.  A must if your in Vegas.
4	Great food, service solid. Had Green Curry with chicken for lunch, food came quickly and got me out in a hurry (had limited time).  Only reason for a 4 rating, I got some pushback from server when I ordered curry with heat level of 10 ( scale of 1-10). She said it would be too hot for me!?!? Curry was nice and spicy, but have certainly have had hotter!
5	So many delicious vegetarian options to pick from! Great ambiance and good service. One of my most favorite restaurants in Vegas. You must try the fresh coconut water, its served in the whole fresh coconut and i felt like i was transported to a tropical island. Definitely worth going back here next time I'm in town!
4	Really good food. I will  leave the authenticity debate to others. The food here is GOOD! Love the satays; the lobster salad is unique and delicious. This place has become a must-do when my husband and I are in L V., even tho we dislike the Aria and don't stay there.  But this spot is worth the special effort and the parking.
2	It was alright.  I've had much better Thai food. It had good decore, but that was pretty much the only thing that was memorable.
4	Make sure if you're staying at The Luxor to check out the $20 off coupon in the check-in booklet. This place is great for 2 people to share sushi and a dish. My colleague and I shared 3 rolls (wicked roll is good) and the chicken lo mein. Two guys had plenty to eat and walked out full. Service is so-so but the food is above average. I come from spoiled CA sushi, so yeah. Enjoy!
3	Chicken satay - pretty good. The mee goreng is not authentic indonesian, it has tomato ketchup sauce. The pas see ew was good but rather salty as well.
4	Service was exceptional!!! (if you have never been out of the country the service will seem odd because they will not bring you the check until you directly ask for it) Food was really good. It is a little bit pricey, but to be expected in a nice hotel on the strip.
3	It's okay. not authentic thai.
2	I am a Las Vegas local and came here with my mother, brother, aunt, and her husband. My aunt had been here before and she had said it was pretty good...so therefore we all decided to come here for dinner.We ordered the vegetable spring roll appetizer and that was pretty good. It wasn't as greasy and the sweet chili sauce to go with it was really flavorful.For a starter, I ordered the Tom Yam Hed soup and honestly it was an explosion of all kinds of flavors. I actually had to stop and kinda sit there wondering what the hell I was eating. I think I may have misread the ingredients because it wasn't something I enjoyed very much (the flavors were so overpowering). My brother had the Tom Kha Chicken soup and said he enjoyed it.For my main course I had the Pad Thai with Chicken, and honestly I have had WAAAYYYY better Pad Thai here in Las Vegas from hole in the wall Thai places. I felt like it was bland and flavorless. I also asked for it to be super spicy (10/10), and honestly it wasn't spicy at all. I was actually really bummed because I figured a Thai place as upscale as this inside Aria would have some pretty banging Pad Thai...but oh well, I'm going to stick to eating my Thai food from my regular spots here in Vegas.The rest of the family ordered different curries and they said it was ok. Oh and none of the dishes come with rice so you would have to order the rice as a side. Kinda figured since its upscale and usually upscale tends to be only A la Carte.Overall, this place was ok. It wasn't anything special and nothing really stuck out to me. Our total bill for 5 people came out to about $170 so the price wasn't too bad. The service was great with a very knowledgable and kind staff.So will I come back? Maybe...I'll give it another shot some other time if I happen to crave Thai and am inside the Aria.
3	After reading the reviews here I was not expecting much, but we had comps from the poker room that we could use at this restaurant. We had a first time waiter who was awesome, he ran back to the kitchen when he did not know the answer and helped us pick the right dish. The food was pretty good, and portion sizes were huge, and the dishes were priced right. Great place to grab a quick bite before you head to the Zarkana show.
3	We dined here while searching for a reasonably priced, yet unique meal . Located in Aria, Lemongrass restaurant is beautifully decorated with a dark and quiet ambiance to it.The servers are quite friendly, and patient. lol. The server went as far as explaining many of the dishes to us ingredient by ingredient. I went with the beef fried rice which I was certainly satisfied with. The rest of my family seemed just OK with their meals. Oh, and there was a mix up with my girlfriends dish. She had ordered a vegetarian plate, but when it showed up it had chicken on it!! She brought it to their attention and they quickly apologized and assured us they would make it properly for her. And they did do this, however, it took them forever!!! And the place was mostly empty, certainly not a full house that night.The food was good overall, but certainly not something we are dying to have again on a future trip to Vegas. Other than the mishap with the veggie dish, service was fairly good. I would dine here again if I were ever craving Thai food.
4	Cost effective and delicious.  Arrived late and was told wait was 45 minutes then got lucky when one of the few chairs at the bar opened up.  Duby (the bartender) was fun to chat with while she was making drinks.  The waiter suggested the Green Curry (chicken, Thai eggplant, and Thai basil) and Three Cups Chicken.  Both were outstanding dishes!  I like spicy food but the server suggested a four (on a 10-point scale) which ended up being the perfect level of heat.  I'll definitely return!
4	The food was very tasty and authentic enough. Pricey for Asian cuisine, but it is in a higher end hotel so expected.
4	Fast food preparation and efficient service, very good shrimp pad thai, probably the best I've had!
5	We had an early evening menu. It isn't on the menu but ask for it. It contains of a vegetable spring roll with a fish cake. As an main course it is steamed rice, garlic prawn, and green chicken curry and as finish with coconut milk with some vegetables. It was the best Thai I have ever had and it is with a relaxing quiet atmosphere a topspot to go to. The vegetables were all wonderfull cooked and vere tastefull. For sure we are coming back here
5	Excellent Thai food, best I've ever had. We started w/ the Spicy Asian Cucumber and the Potstickers. Light, refreshing, different. Then moved on to the Panang Curry duck (red curry)... outstanding! Creamy red sauce over savory duck breast. Phad Thai Goong, they asked how spicy? (Scale 1-10) we went with 10... It's "Thai" hot... very flavorful, slow building, warmth... It's real phad thai.The Mai Tai's are nicely mixed as well.
1	Its laughable that they call it "authentic" because its not! it was completely dumbed down for people with no pallate. There were no spices. The curry was absolutely drab, like milky water. The soups should make your nose drip- nothing. The pad thai, not hard to do, was a pile of wet noodles. A beautiful venue for sure, but the food is bland.  Nice plating. Go to Lotus of Siam if you want real Thia food.
3	Coming from SGV and SF, I was a bit underwhelmed by this place.  Although it is decorated to be fancier, being in Vegas.  Service: This is the better part, they were friendly and suggested wines or alcoholic drinks.  Food:  Nothing that stands out too much, although we did do the restaurant week for Vegas, some portions seemed to be small but definitely nothing special.
4	It was one of those hangover evenings. Yes, I say evenings because my friends and I partied long through Halloween night, through the next morning, and eventually fell asleep some time in the noon/afternoon time. We woke and realized that we were starving. The Aria was close by and we had heard some good things about Lemongrass Pad Thai. Pad Thai, in case you don't know, is like the fried rice of Thai food. If you're not used to ethnic cuisine, it is the safest bet on the menu. I have put all kinds of food in my mouth and have had no complaints, however, Pad Thai sounded very good and very quick. So we called up Lemongrass and thought it would be funny to order our noodles at level 10 spicy. In America, it is hard to find Thai food that is actually spicy to me so I order very high numbers knowing that when I get the food, that it will still be rather mild. BOYYYY was I wrong. The pad thai at Lemongrass is rather good. It is full of flavor whereas most pad thai that I've tried everywhere else is milder in flavor. The best part was that they were actually spicy. I was sweating out all of the alcohol that was in me, my mouth felt like it was on fire. The fire got hotter and hotter with each bite that I took. It was. FANTASTIC.
4	All we ordered was Pho and it was excellent!
4	Located in the Aria. What I love about Vegas is the fine dining restaurants. These pretty, intimate looking restaurants make me feel like I can get fancy here at these places. Not only does the environment look and makes me feel good, the food is good! Also there's so many of these hidden little gems I'd have to come back to Vegas a few more times just to try them all! On a crave for Asian food so we came here. My girls and I started off with sticky rice in those leaves and some dim sum. Of course a bit on the pricey side, but nonetheless GOOD food. We shared the Young Chow Fried Rice and the Mee Goreng.I like that their food isn't too salty. It captures the right taste and has such good flavor! Their food is made fresh and their presentation is decent. Yummy food here!
4	Great food and great service. We had a group of 7, all of us very different eaters. I had the panang curry because its my go to dish when i eat Thai. Their version had lychees in it and oh man was the spice on point. Loved everything about it. We also had the cumber salad (perfectly spicy and crunchy), the drunken noodles, and several others dishes, and no one was disappointed! Definitely would go back again!
3	I was hungry when I started, impressed the prices weren't catastrophic.Fried veggie rolls were good. I left full which was the goal. For asian food in LV do this if you're starving and too lazy to look around. If I was in Aria I'd go here for sure for convenience. If you like super spicy food just tell them, they'll make it spicy. Servers were nice.
5	Excellent thai food! Phad thai ghoong was great like in raleigh beach, service was goodPrice was ok for a casino restaurant 75 usd with tax for 2 (with wine glasses which are pretty expensive!! )Strongly recommend
4	Yummy Thai food!  The Panang curry was silky and luscious, although we would have liked to been asked our spice preference (we just like our curries hot!).  Definitely a small complaint.  They did the basics like potstickers and pad thai really well.  There aren't a lot of thai places on the strip, and this was a welcome find.
5	Very delicious food! Thai tea was great. We ordered the pineapple fried rice (with chicken and sausage) and the red duck curry. The curry was spicy and so good! You can order all dishes with a rating of 1-10 on how spicy you want it.  I also got a Ginger peach cocktail- if you love ginger then this is great, but very sweet.
4	Stopped in with friends for a late midweek lunch. It wasn't very busy. Seated promptly with good service. Nice, upscale feel to the place. Had the wontons for an appetizer; excellent. Hong Kong noodles for the entre; were good. I also tried their unique tea-like beverage: it was tasty & unique.Went back a few days later and enjoyed their dim-sum buffet more than I did their lunch.I'll go back because of the ambience & the quality & relative cheapness (considering the locale) of the food.
5	My husband and I stop here for dinner every time were in Vegas. Great Resteraunt inside of the Aria. Amazing food and great service. The calamari appetizer is a must! Love the Pad Thai. Never have I had a bad experience here.
2	I eat Thai food near my area quite often.  There are 3 restaurants near me within 3-4 miles radius so very competitive in quality wise.I went with my family to LV and was looking for something that isn't a buffet for 1 meal.  Lemongrass came up as good reviews from here so thought i tried it.The atmosphere with nice, dim, dark which was ok.  the foods however wasn't good.We ordered 4 dishes including the appetizer which was Crab Cake, very salty, by itself wasn't good to eat.  The 3 main dishes was Shrimps vegetables (again salty even with rice) Fried Tofu veg (ok by itself but with rice, would need some fish sauce or soy sauce) and 3rd dish was something i forgot but it wasn't great to stay in my memory.The cost was bit pricey than the usual Thai restaurant but it was LV so that was expected.  The quality wasn't expected though because it wasn't good.i wouldn't recommended this to anyone.
5	Had dinner here tonight and had a wonderful experience! The restaurant is beautiful and the host staff was nice as well. Our waitress Amber was so kind patient and knowledgable of the menu - she answered all our of our questions and had great recommendations!! I got a watermelon Capiroska to drink and that's basically watermelon and gray goose and that was delicious. My mom got the Berry something - basically gin, blueberries, and soda. That was good but not great could have been a bit sweeter. All drinks were creative and 12 dollars. For dinner we got the Red Duck Curry which is actually yellow and a bit sweet and very delicious. We also got beef pad Thai which was the best pad Thai I've ever had!! They also ask how spicy you want each dish and we got both medium which was perfect. SO recommend this place and can't wait to come back with friends!!! :)
2	Waited for ever for the host to appear. Never did. I had to walk into the restaurant and find myself a table. They need an complete overhaul of their staff. Food was standard thai. It was ok, nothing great though.
4	We liked this restaurant - above average quality Thai food with some unique dishes.  Also, they are open between lunch and dinner, and until 2 AM - one of the best and highest quality late-night food deals in Aria's area.
3	It's amazing how you can go to the same restaurant twice and have two completely opposite experiences, one a 5 star and one a 1 star.We went today at 2:30 pm to eat after an INCREDIBLE experience 11pm Saturday night. Saturday night it was fairly empty, and we sat at the bar. A great female bartender took our order, took care of everything with my food allergies, and was overall awesome. The food itself was delicious. Today, the food was AWFUL. The service by a bartender again (Shawn) was horrible. He was obviously stressed and not only served us badly (screwed up the order, didn't send my cold app out with my husband's hot app), but didn't even provide silverware or napkins for the people next to us. My order was wrong (I didn't say anything, it wouldn't have gotten me anywhere), and the food runners didn't even seem to know where the food was going and just asked the patrons who ordered chicken satay. If you're going to come here, recognize that it's totally hit or miss.
4	Went there for dinner. Service was good after our order was taken, but it took a while for the waiter to come to us in the first place. We had the Salmon Spring Rolls and Satay Chicken appies and they were awesome. I would have prefered a little more basil in the spring rolls, but considering I usually don't eat salmon, it was amazing. Chicken was very nice and tender - absolutely no meat stuck on the stick when removing it and served with a very nice dipping sauce.Main courses were Grilled Pork Neck, which was very nice, but on the salty side. And had the Drunken Noodle with Seafood, which was more interesting than I expected. However, I asked for something with a bit of heat but not too spicy, and ended up with something that had 0 spice to it.It came out to be about $35/head. Overall, I thought the appies were better... they are what bumped my rating up from 3-star to 4.
4	We had family style- ordered 12 different entree for 7 people to try... Love the sea bass the most. Service was quick.
4	We really enjoyed this restaurant. Even though it is in the Aria and on the Strip the prices were very reasonable and the food was excellent.We started with Chicken Satay and Shrimp Rolls both were excellent.  For our entree I had the Papaya Salad and hubby had the Pho.  Both were seasoned well and very tasty.We were a little disappointed when they didn't have Prik Nam Pla, a chili and fish sauce condiment, but the waitress was very accommodating and had the kitchen staff make us some.  No Thai dish is really complete without it and if you haven't tried it you really should.
3	The ambiance was nice, the chairs were a tad bit uncomfortable (very little padding), but really this should be about the food, right? Well...it's fine. Just fine. Nothing earth shattering. I had the jellyfish appetizer, which is really just cold jellyfish cut into strips like pasta and tossed with sesame and chili oil. Someone was WAY TOO heavy handed with the sesame oil, which ruined the entire dish.My table ordered a bunch of spring roll and pot stickers, those were fine.For my entree I ordered the Beef Sczehwan noodle soup with beef, beef tendon, and baby bok choy. The broth was good, a little mild for my taste, and it turns out I'm not a big fan of beef tendon, a wee bit fatty for my liking. (Who knew?)The wait service was okay - after 20 minutes of sitting around and waiting for our check after eating we finally went to the hostess station to ask for our bill.If you're looking for an awesome Vegas dining experience, and you should be, I wouldn't go here. It's fine if you're trapped in the casino and want some sort of Asian food, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again.
4	Solid asian food at reasonable prices for the strip.Yellow curry chicken, Basil beef fried rice, and the Tamarind Ribeye are probably my favorites. What I really love though is the dessert. Mango Sticky Rice is simple and amazing. Bua Loi is also great.This place will probably never "wow" you, but it rarely disappoints, and they serve pretty much any kind of asian food.
3	Went to Lemongrass for the 1st time. It was pretty good. Had the sesame chicken, fried prawns and pad see ew noodles. The sesame chicken was ok. I was expecting better quality because Lemongrass is a nice upscale restaurant in an upscale hotel. Not bad but not great. The fried prawns on the other hand were really good. Good size and portion. The pad see ew noodles were good as well. Not a big fan of flat noodles but these were tastyI would definitely recommend Lemongrass to anyone looking for good Thai food. I will be heading back to try the other options they have.
4	I enjoy eating at Lemongrass whenever I'm at the Aria.  It is a beautiful restaurant with a nice selection of Thai cuisine.  Extra points for delivering to the poker room when I play there.
3	***There were some good dishes at Lemongrass (as well as a few items that did not feel outrageously priced); there were also a few mediocre things at Lemongrass; if you do your research though and order popular items at Lemongrass, you are probably in for a satisfying and maybe even not too pricey lunch or dinner for Las Vegas***I saw in a taxi that Lemongrass is the only Thai restaurant located in a major resort and casino on The Strip.  Lemongrass is located in Aria and it is open for lunch (it was surprisingly busy for lunch despite its location; it is kind of located in the back of Aria, which I would assume would not get much foot traffic).  Lemongrass features an all-day menu consisting of satays, appetizers, salads, soups, entrees featuring all kinds of proteins (beef, chicken, lobster, prawns, pork, tofu, sea bass, and crab), curries, rice dishes, and noodle dishes.  Like a lot of Thai restaurants, Lemongrass features a big menu so maybe it should not be a surprise that some dishes are good while others underwhelm.I thought their chicken wings were very good.  They were not battered, but the outside was crispy while the inside was very juicy.  The chicken wings had a good flavor too--a fair amount of spiciness.  The chicken wings were served with a sweet dipping sauce.The Pad Thai Ghoong also had a good amount of spiciness too and the spiciness was more than I would expect with pad thai so it was a nice surprise.  The pad thai also featured good noodles, a generous portion of prawns, crushed peanuts, and bean sprouts.  I did feel that the portion of noodles was a tad small.The fried tofu with sauteed mushrooms, peppers, onions, scallions, and oyster sauce featured really good deep-fried tofu.  The tofu had a great and distinct edge while the inside was soft and very creamy.  Unfortunately, the sauce was very lukewarm in temperature.  Even if the dish had been served fresh and hot, it might have needed more heat or flavor.  In addition, with the tofu and the cooked vegetables, the dish felt too soft (there needed to be more crispiness or crunchiness).The yellow curry with chicken, onion and potato was quite watery and bland.  I really liked the potato, but the chicken was shredded without care and overly dry.  It was disappointing given the quality and moistness of the chicken wings.The beef satay was not that good.  The texture of the beef was a tad chewy.  The flavor was okay though.  The satay came with garnishes of peanut sauce, cucumber relish, and ciabatta bread.Service was good--pleasant and attentive.  The food came out at a quick pace.The restaurant has a mostly dark decor.  The room is comfortable.  And despite being very close to the casino, the restaurant feels very blocked off with walls and such to keep the smoke from wafting over to Lemongrass' dining room.Prices vary.  Appetizers are in the $10 and below range while several main dishes go for $16; there are several courses in the $25 range and portions vary with some dishes feeling generous with proteins and others feeling stingy with proteins or noodles.Lemongrass probably has enough good things on the menu that you can have a good lunch or dinner here.  You need to do your research before coming here.  I thought the chicken wings and pad thai were both good, but the other dishes were mediocre.  I imagine there are other good things here and there are probably a few reasonably priced dishes as well.  If you know what to order and get the kitchen on a good day, Lemongrass can probably be a satisfying and not too expensive lunch or dinner on The Strip.Like other major hotels and casinos on The Strip, Aria offers free self and valet parking.
4	During my time in Vegas, I visited Lemongrass a number of times. It was always very good. Consistently good and had good service as well and at a reasonable price.I eat a LOT of thai food and I have to say that Lemongrass has some of the better Thai food I've eaten, not the best, but it's very good. I often started with the chicken satay which is standard but good and/or the tom yum soup which had a bit more flavor than a number of other tom yum soups I've had.For the entree, I've had a number of things. My favorite Thai dishes are yellow curry and panang curry and Lemongrass offers high quality curries, both had good flavor and spice without overwhelming and the consistency of the curry was correct as well, not too runny like some places.They have plenty of fried rice options which are good and also offer a good pad see ew. One of the times I was there, a friend got the crab which was a full crab on a plate. I'm allergic, but it was very cool to see and looked incredibly fresh and delicious. Overall, I always enjoyed Lemongrass and would gladly recommend it to others.
3	Came here after partying at the Bank, needed some recovery food. Located in Aria and it was the closest Pho place I could find. Since its in  Aria you know everything is clean and aesthetically nice, service good, food good, but pricey. 3.5 Stahz!
5	I love thai food especially after night of drinking..the crab is amazing and spicy sesame chicken is great..and egg drop soup..soft shell crab fried rice..yummmm
4	Oh my goodness, I loved this restaurant! My friend and I split one of the Pad Thai dishes, just to have some food in our stomachs (there wasn't a lot of extra room for full stomach in our outfits... if you know what I mean...).We both ordered the Pink Leopard to drink, that drink was AMAZING. There was a very short wait, so we grabbed a glass of prosecco down the hall, and they called me when our table was ready. Really great Saturday night dinner.
1	Several good reviews on here, but my one experience was not.  Food was mediocre Thai.  I understand the modern fusion twist, but I have had dive Thai places much better than this.  Shared several dishes among companions, like drunken noodles, salmon, chicken satay, etc.  Food was not good value for the price $.  For what I consider one of the newer casinos in Vegas, the service was too slow.  Left the restaurant hungry.  I'm all for second chances, but with so many other choices in Vegas why would I come back?
4	If you like extremely well prepared spicy food, this is it in the City Center for the cheap prices (remember the area)/staff/quality!.......if you ask for mild, it is still  hot- had to down grade to a 4 cuz my mother in law's palate was sizzled (wimp)....otherwise its a FIVE for those of us that enjoy a good sweat while eating.....will return for sure
5	Food is excellent along with the server. They made mistake with the viet tea and they fix it. Order the duck red curry mild and it taste really good. Highly recommended
1	Waited forever to be seated. After almost an hour we were taken to a tiny table. When we asked for a "real" table where our food would fit (we were there the other night as well, restaurant is in Aria hotel where we are staying), we were asked to "go and dine elsewhere" because told them that table was much too small for 2 people to fit in!
4	Favorite thai Restaurant!! Service was amazing! We ordered Chicken Satay, Shrimp Phad Thai, Chicken Curry, Fish Cake and Yang Chow Fried Rice!! Price was pretty reasonable! Too much food in our table that we had to take home some. Thai iced tea btw was for the win :) I will definitely recommend lemongrass.
3	Good, but not worth the price.
4	My friend was a 1st time Thai Food person and this was perfect for that. The flavors were on point and everything had just the right amount of spice. A few of the yelp reviews weren't that good but I ignored them.  One review was spot on that said the Pad Thai didn't have enough noddles but lots of everything else and he was right.  Next time i'm in Vegas I'll def go back.
4	Goto spot for my late night poker session refueling. My go to dish is the Chicken PadThai. Big portions and fresh. Lemongrass always gets my comps and always will. Props to Aria for having great food selection for casino/poker room players.
5	Incredible experience at this restaurant. My boyfriend and I shared 3 entrees and they were each outstanding. The spiciness of the food was just right. This is the best Thai food ever had. I stopped eating Thai for a while because none of the restaurants were making the food right, but this place gave me hope on trying new Thai places. The decor is gorgeous and the service was great. I will have to make a stop here whenever I'm in town.
5	I have eaten here many times. It is always excellent. They have one of the best drink menus in vegas. The lobster soup is fabulous and the spring rolls are perfect. I love it.
4	My wife and I were with few friends for Dinner here. The service was prompt and the server explained us the options considering 3 of the 4 were vegetarians and one vegetarian among them does not eat Tofu or Mushrooms.I got Mee goreng ( spicy) . My friends got Green Curry and two other dishes.They all liked it.Prasad
2	Edible. Nothing special.  Had some fried Rice and Steak on New Year's Day.  Service lagged, even for hungover visitors.
2	For a Thai Restaurant located at The Aria Resort and Casino I anticipated more. The restaurant's design and interior decor is absolutely gorgeous, but that was expected considering it's located in a beautiful hotel in Vegas.  The service and the food was just ok, It took forever for the server to attend to us and the restaurant wasn't even busy. The background music was so soft and boring my boyfriend and I thought we were going to pass out at the dinner table. We expected a little bit more excitement for our dinner. I ordered the sesame chicken and I thought I was going to get chicken with more ginger and garlic flavors, but instead I was served a huge plate of super sweet fried chicken. I was also disappointed because rice or vegetables weren't accompanied with the meal and the server didn't offer any side with the main dish. Luckily  I was with great company and we made the most out of our dinner experience but I don't think I will be visiting this place again.
2	Nothing special. $18 for fried rice. Growing up I better and we served it for breakfast.
2	Overpriced, but then again what is not overpriced on the Las Vegas Strip. I would recommend their Panang Duck Curry. It is very tasteful and has lychee included. It is by far my favorite curry. They have light appetizers that come in small quantity. I enjoyed the chicken satay, salmon spring rolls and chicken wings. Those were my favorite appetizers from the menu. Their seaweed salad is not the usual kind of seaweed salad you normally get at sushi restaurants. It is horrible and has no flavor. I go to Lemongrass as my last resort. I wouldn't say this is my favorite Thai restaurant. But it is scrumptious when your desparate:-) that is the truth!
5	Wonderful service, and great food.  The ingredients were fresh, the portions were generous and the prices were very reasonable.
3	Second visit was much better.  We were a party of 4 and although I only got an appetizer, everyone else loved their dishes and they are all big Thai food eaters.  So I guess our first visit was just an off night.  Our waiter did disappear at the end though and we waited forever.  It was our first night in Vegas and I was about to fall asleep at the table before hubby finally flagged someone else down and told them we needed our check.
2	I have been to various Thai restaurants and hole in the walls are better than this place. Their food is greasy! I expected this place to serve good Thai food being in a casino, but was I wrong. If you go, just bring a bottle of Tums and you are set. I give 2 stars vs. 1 because their Thai iced tea was delicious :-)
3	Three stars for an average place.  Great decor and clean. But for being on the strip and especially in the highly talked about city center I expected more. We had a reservation for a small group of us and were seated right away. Service was good but nothing over the top.  Our group did the tasting menu which I enjoyed but wasn't blown away.  The food was flavorful and when they warn you about things being spicy they are right. We didn't feel rushed and enjoyed our evening but I'm not aching to go back.
3	Went here on a whim after leaving wet republic. Totally glad they let us in they way we were dressed and slightly intoxicated. We had a party of 9 and was seated within 10 minutes. The design and decor was nice ( what did you expect, it is inside of Aria ) I started with some hot and sour soup which was great. Everyone ordered the satay grill and some chicken wings were ok. I had the basil meat with chicken and asked for level 10 Thai hot. Let me tell you this, it wasn't even a level 5 on a USA hot scale. The dish had flavor but I've had better. Service was very good. All around decent spot to eat, but for 40$ for a basic Thai meal, I can do WAY better. Probably wouldn't come back unless I am staying at Aria.
3	I came to Lemongrass with a group of girls for a bachelorette party after reading really favorable reviews online.The ambiance was absolutely beautiful. Nestled right behind the High Rollers Lounge in the Aria hotel, you escape from the hustle and bustle from the casino, and almost forget that you are in Vegas until you hear someone screaming that they've won.The drink menu had nice options. I have the blueberry gin infused cocktail, simply because it had St. Germain which I'm a sucker for. I was satisfied but not overly impressed.The food received mixes reviews from our party. I thought it was decent, but I've definitely had better Thai fusion food. The prawn rolls were absolutely delicious, while the pad thai definitely left me with the case of the yawns.The service was very good. Alex, our server was incredibly nice and patient. He blessed a few of the ladies with insight of which item to choose, the menu could be a tad overwhelming for a first time visitor. Overall, I gave it 3 stars because I'm not dying to go back, but I wouldn't be opposed visiting if another restaurant is open.
4	My sister and I were on our way to eat at Treasure Island, but it started pouring down really hard when we got to Monte Carlo.  It was a thunder and rainstorm outside, and there was no way we were going to walk out there, and the line for the taxis was very long.  So we remembered we had seen a Thai restaurant in Aria years earlier, and decided to go look for that...good thing Aria was connected to Monte Carlo.  We ordered the Basil Beef Fried Rice and Drunken Noodle with Seafood...and oh my, we sure loved it!  It had good texture and flavor.  A year later, my sister and I went to Vegas again and went to eat here again.  We ordered the same two items and also ordered the Sampan Spicy Crab...I was loving it!  My sister gets too lazy to break open crab legs, so I basically had it all too myself, and I sure ate it all!  Delicious!
5	Excellent food and service. Beautiful atmosphere. Try the satay and ribeye. Curries are wonderful as well.
2	Food was not good at all. Server was very friendly but was not available often.  Would not recommend to a friend
4	I love Thai food and this place was definitely delicious! My friends and I went late night after seeing the Zarkana show at Aria. We all orderd something different so we could share! Sesame chicken pad thai basil beef fried rice another chicken dish that was in a clay pot pot stickers and their noodles. We enjoyed it all! And the staff was very nice and knowledgeable. Helped us pick out great dishes to try.
4	I would give it 3.5 stars. Five for the modern decor, five for the attentive and intelligent service, and 3-5 for the food, depending on what you order. The green curry was fantastic. The menu also includes Chinese and Indonesian dishes and even Dim Sum anytime.We eat Asian food all the time. You can order hotness on a 1-10 scale. When we said 5, the waiter said that that's too hot. We ordered 3's and 2's and they were plenty hot. And we like hot. We ate there twice during our 10 stay in LV. It's in the Aria Hotel, which I consider a must-see for any trip to LV, for anyone who enjoys modern art. Somewhat more expensive than most Thai restaurants, but, hey, this is the Strip, plus it's the Aria Hotel. The expensive is worth it.
4	We stopped by for a late dinner and were promptly seated and served.  All of the food and drinks were on point, but it was very pricey for a Thai meal.
5	This is hands down the best "fine dining" thai restaurant that I've ever been to.  It was conveniently located inside our hotel (The Aria) and was priced pretty modestly.We started off with their awesome prawn  rolls, shared a chillean seabass, a lobster fried rice(was on their specials menu) and duck penang curry. All of these entrees were amazing and they made them with just the right amount of spicyness.  We asked for a 4/5.... and we were sweating ever so slightly...PERFECT :).We ordered every single drink on the cocktail menu, all of which were awesome.  We opted not to get dessert, but our waiter was really nice and bought us a fried banana on the house.Thanks for the lovely experience!
4	Three of us dined here on 5-6-2014: restaurant not busy. We ordered cashew chicken, mushroom and asparagus, bok choy, cucumber salad, and oolong tea. Also brown rice. Food delicious and seasoned nicely. Server excellent; only reason for less than five stars is bus service cleared all utensils before we finished the meal and kept taking plates before we were done. I'm from Chicago, so I am accustomed to high dining prices, but Wow Vegas takes the extreme pricing to a whole other level. 100.00 high, but food delicious. Waiter did warn me three times that their Jasmine green tea was 25.00 glass.  I skipped it but I was curious what a 25.00 cup of tea tastes like?
5	Lemongrass was our first stop after checking in at our hotel. I was seriously hungry, overwhelmed by the Vegasness of Vegas, and super grumpy. The yellow curry was like an elixir. It came in a huge bowl, and even though I was hungry (I mean, really really really hungry), I couldn't finish the whole thing. It didn't come with everything that was listed as being in it on the menu, but when I mentioned it, our waitress was quick to correct the problem. She wasn't my favorite server ever -- it was a very generic and impersonal experience -- but she was nice and helpful, and although I like more, I don't feel like I can expect that. My boyfriend got the vegetable fried rice, which was also really good. Both of us enjoyed our food so much that for the rest of the trip we kept talking about going back there instead of trying other restaurants. The experience wasn't 100%, but the food was so good and generously portioned that it actually merited the price. We only went there once on this trip, but I'm sure we'll be back again on a future trip.
4	Visited here on a Sunday night right before the Cirque Du Soleil show upstairs (which was terrific!). The restaurant was not busy at all, so the reservation I made proved pointless. The decor was nice, but I didn't expect anything else from an establishment inside the Aria. My friend and I were very thirsty and the best thing about the staff was that they kept our waters filled the entire time! That was huge for us, and brought us back to life at the end of a long weekend in Vegas. We got the Salmon Spring Rolls as an appetizer and I am very glad we did. These were excellent! I had the Singapore Noodle as a main dish and this was also very good and sized appropriately for the price. I was a little worried that it wouldn't be enough food given how hungry I was, but everything worked out fine. At the end, I paid under $40 for an appetizer and main dish along with generous tip. I thought this was pretty good for Vegas, and the food quality was above average. I would go back if I was in the Aria, but it is a bit out of the way if you are just strolling the Strip since the restaurant is tucked in the back of the Casino. The dessert options here were poor, but do yourself a favor and visit the Gelato spot just down the hall, Jean Phillippe Patisserie. $5 will satisfy your sweet tooth with a generous cup of your flavor choosing!
5	Delicious! We were staying at Vdara and found this place walking around Aria and decided to make a reservation. We went with a large group and I think everyone liked their food. I ordered yellow curry and some wine, and both were tasty. For dessert we ordered the mango sticky rice, fried banana, and something with coconut (I can't remember what it was). All of those were awesome. The prices were also decent--I think my meal was ~$15 or so, but they had more expensive/fancy entrees if that's what you're into. The service was also super friendly and fast. We waited the perfect amount for our food--not too short (where you feel rushed and wonder if they even cooked your food) but not too long. Our waiter Chun was great. I'd definitely love to go here again, especially because I always get cravings for Thai food. It's good to know next time I get a craving in Vegas.
4	I'm only writing this review to tell everyone to order the spicy coconut lobster soup and Thai iced tea. I just came here for a quick bite, so I can't speak to the rest of the menu, but try these!
4	Food was great. I recommend the chicken satay with peanut sauce appetizer. I had their watermelon and cucumber drink. It was refreshing and not too sweet.
5	Been here lots of times they deserve a good review! AWESOME place ! what more can I say ! Fine dinning Well lighted Our host and server is top notch! I and 3 other friends had lunch on 5.22.14 we started with appetizers shrimp and salmon satay, crispy squid, prawn rolls and bamboo shoots all EXCELLENT flavor ! Main course  Soup tom Yam Hed, garlic shrimp, ribeye Tamarin, 3 cup chix, soft crab  fried rice all EXCELLENT !!! For dessert the BOMB ! Drum roll BUA LOI !  My friends said no more food ..... But we need to eat desserts .... They reply no no no more... I ordered anyway .... When they took the first scoop and tasted it ... They went WOW!!! Bill added up to 199.00 that's great ! We'll recommend .... Like what we say in Hawaii for good food is BROKE DA MOUTH ! Lol
4	What an experience. It's a modern twist of Thai cuisine. The Decor is high-class and encompasses the true meaning of high class. The servers are not only knowledgeable about their product, but meticulous about providing impeccable service.Lets move on to the food. Boy Oh boy is it good. rest assured the price you pay is worth every 1/100th of every cent. It really does leave you wanting more and more.Protip: despite what you may assume or have experienced at other places they have a spicy scale of 1-10 ....and if you pick 10 (like i did) WATCH OUT it's like a bonfire in your mouth and you will start mysteriously sweating.Most places are afraid to make things too spicy.....these guys arent and i LOVE THAT!!!!!!!
3	We wanted pho and asian food.. we didnt want to drive far to get some asian food and they have good reviews so we came here. My friends ordered pho and dimsum my bf and i ordered pad see wu and sweet amd sour chicken.. surprisingly pad see wu was good not the sweet and sour chicken. The pho was very diffrent from how we normally eat it. The pho had a strong taste cinnamon.. not use to that. Dimsum was really good too. It had a very clean taste not salty or oily.Last-i love thai tea. Thai tea was very good :)
1	first of all, this is not really a thai restaurant.  you are getting some thai-inspired dishes in a chinese restaurant posing as asian fusion.  first of all, the hostess was pretty disorganized, and the entrance of the restaurant was chaotic with tourists with no reservations complaining about the 1.5 hour wait.  we were 13 minutes early for our reservation and they turned us away, which is OK.  for our appetizer, we had chicken satay based on recommendations from yelpers.  terrible-- bland peanut sauce.  thanks for that.among our entrees, i ate basil thai chicken on the recommendation of the server.  the chicken was dry and a bit stale!  can you believe that--stale chicken!!service was extremely slow, and although the hostess was attentive, the waitstaff was really weak.  overall waste of time and money.
5	Amazing pho, probably the best since most places suck local to me in the DC, MD, VA area compared to this restaurant!
5	Love Lemongrass. Best Thai food! I love spicy food and they have a 1-10 spice level so you can really customize how spicy you want your meal. I usually get a 3 or 4 and it's pretty spicy! My favorites dish is the Basil Meat (I get ground pork) and side of brown rice. Food is consistently good. Service and atmosphere is good.
4	I enjoyed my dinner at Lemongrass and I recommend it if you like Thai food. While I've enjoyed a couple Thai restaurants in Pittsburgh, this place was very good. Oh, and the Pad Thai is served on a spicy scale from 1-10 however 2 is claimed to be average. I got a 4. I like spicy foods, but man a 4 was HOT!! Very tasty though!
4	This was my second time eating from this restaurant. I have had much better and authentic thai cuisine, HOWEVER, the level of heat is unbeatable. I am Asian. I grew up eating spicy food. I order my food at level 12 on a scale of 10 at most Thai restaurants. I ordered a level 5 to keep on the safe side since I am staying at the Aria with a bunch of friends and we have only 1 bathroom. We all ordered the green chicken curry, spicy asian cucumbers, pad thai, and the drunken noodles. Also, just to snack on later, we grabbed some chips and salsa from Javier's (the upscale mexican restaurant at Aria). Our mouths were ON FIRE. We were using the chips and salsa (which were also spicy) to quench the fires in our mouths. We were miserable, however, the food is too good to stop eating. Err on the side of caution. If you think you can handle the heat, keep it around a level 5. I promise you, your mouth, stomach, and in the morning, your ass will be BURNING.
2	When you pay extra to go to a nice restaurant, you should get a better atmosphere, better food and better service, so one out of three rates 2 stars.  The restaurant decorations were very nice.  The service started out stellar but somewhere in the middle dropped off to the point where our water glasses were empty for a very long time and were finally refilled with warm water.  Our waiter was very nice but took forever to get us the check and we finally had to ask for it.I ordered the Szechuan beef noodle soup and although it had a great flavor the noodles were mush.  In retrospect I should have sent it back.
1	First off, the place is very nice looking. We were excited to eat there, but the aesthetics were about the end of our enjoyment.We started with potstickers which were good, but nothing special. We decided to try out a couple of soups, the wonton noodle soup and a duck and BBQ beef soup. They were just terrible. They tasted like mop water. Our server did not drop them off and never returned to check on us or refill our waters. We finally flagged him down to get our check. He saw our uneaten meals and asked if we wanted to-go boxes. We told him no and he said okay and went to get the check. He never asked if we liked the food or why we didn't eat more of it.I'm sure there are other options that we would have enjoyed, but we won't be back to try them.
3	I was actually really happy with the food and service!! Its thai food with a bit of a twist... honestly, it all tasted great but a little sweet. besides the wings being a bit dry:The panang was awesome.Shrimps (any dish) were great, nice size. Satay was good along with their Peanut sauce!!Noodles were goodService was good as well... Thai iced tea, not to sweet, was good!All together the good and everything was good, no complaints, would go here again.
4	I was considering five stars. I really was. I've eaten at Lemongrass a few times, and the good is consistently great. The restaurant itself is beautiful. The service on my last visit was absolutely terrible. Brought it down to 3.75 stars, so I'm rounding up.The food is beautiful, flavorful, delicious. Particularly recommend the red curry with duck breast and lychee, the crab fried rice, and the drunken noodle with seafood. Seafood central, but so delicious.The selection of vegetarian options is scanty, and they don't really reduce the price if you want to sub veggies for the protein.The mango and sticky rice is spot on! Temperatures were perfect, the mango was ripe and sweet.As far as the service, things were fine at the beginning of the meal, then really started to slow down about halfway through. Then they just straight up screeched to a halt. After we finished eating, we waited over half an hour to get the waiter's attention to request our check. Then another ten minutes to actually get the check. Good thing we didn't have any pressing plans for the evening! No apology or anything. Good thing the food was so great or I'd be writing Lemongrass off my list for good.
2	Over priced and rude waitresses.... Entrees don't come with rice- $3 for a side of white/ $4 for brown rice.. Who eats curry without rice? I gave 2 stars because the pad Thai was good... But everything else was pretty bad! I Will not go again.
4	This is probably one of the best meals I had while I was in VegasWent here after reading other Yelp reviews.We started with an order of the potstickers. So good.  Hot, fresh, and the sauce was scrumptiousEric and I both had the Pad Thai. He had tofu and I had shrimp. So good. I like to judge a place on their Pad Thai. My expectations were met. The staff was super nice and helpful. My water glass was never empty, which is important when at a Thai restaurant. I definitely recommend this place if you're in Vegas.
5	I have been here twice, and both times it was amazing!They have a lot of vegetarian options, but I always get the Pad Thai J. I get a level 2 spicyness because I'm a wimp, but it still has kick!Service is great, prices are decent for the portion size! Love this place!
4	Lemongrass is inside the Aria casino, has a cool interior decor, and a very friendly and attentive staff. We had the spring rolls, spicy shrimp dish, chicken pad thai, and another vegetable dish that was absolutely delicious...oh and can't forget the out of the ordinary and very delicious fried rice too. It's a nice change of pace from the usual really heavy meals to be had in Vegas.
5	WOW!decor~top notch or should i say top-stitch?  LOL (you will see why~amazing! modern yet used antiques in multiples. staff~friendly, attentive and professional hours~open late night for after the show dining food~fresh, delicious served beautifully mood~relaxed, could be romanticlocation~ in the Aria (every room has a corner view!)*we have been to many casino/hotels in Vegas. all three of us thought that the Aria was the MOST beautiful hotel we have seen. something for everyone! even my husband who is not an artist liked the HUGE televisions in the bar downstairs.
5	Amazinggggg! Their Pad Thai is on point!
1	If I could give this zero stars trust me I would. We had ordered Garlic Shrimp and Three Cups Chicken which both were supposed to have garlic flavor. The food came in 2 minutes indicating that it was not fresh. The food has no flavor of garlic.
3	The restaurant is beautiful, and the service is great.  The food however is not that great, unless you like sweetened Pad Thai (vegetarian "J") & Basil Beef Fried Rice.  Spring rolls were good, but that's about it.  The food looks beautiful, but it's too Americanized and too sweet.  Perhaps the other dishes are better...For the high price $$$ I think there are better options in Vegas....
5	Wonderful ambience -- innovative decor that's open yet warm.Service was friendly, though on Friday night when restaurant was quite full, not the fastest place ever.I had a variety of dishes which were all quite good:* Tom Yum Soup -- 6 ginormous shrimp in a great broth with lots of super fresh, sweet mushrooms* Pad Thai - fresh & deliciousI came back for lunch:* Pork Satay - fragrant and tasty* Shrimp roll -- tasty.  the fried noodle wrapped around is both great looking & delicious* Beef Satay - a little dry* Dim Sum: siu mai, stuffed crab claw, and chives shrimp dumpling (with whole baby shrimp) were all delicious* Beef Pho - solid, but nothing to write home about.  Lacking that certain umami in the brothA bit pricey (but what restaurant in a Strip casino isn't?), but lovely ambience and awesome food!
3	Had a vegetarian Pad Thai J for lunch today. Too oily and need to add lots of soy sauce. I didn't enjoy it that much n the portion is kinda small. Love their soft tofu pudding!  Very fresh n soft :) good service too
4	Beautiful set up, exceptional food and great service. I had the drunken noodles and tried a few other dishes and I cannot say anything negative about the food. If you cannot handle spicy make sure you specify as some of the dishes are prepared with a good kick. All in all I will definitely be returning.
4	Stopped in with a coworker on our way to a meeting. I explained we were in a rush and the were very happy to help. The service was fantastic, the food came out very quickly and it tasted great. Five star service, four star food.I'd definitely go back, especially if I had more time to enjoy the experience.
5	Have eaten here numerous times and have never been disappointed. Tom kha chicken and pineapple fried rice are two of my all-time favorites and the fried bananas and Thai tea are the perfect dessert. Only have been there during night time and the staff has always been attentive and helpful and very friendly.
2	I had the Mee Goreng entree. Noodles were thicker like pasta (which I wanted) but unfortunately, it tasted like an Italian pasta dish more than the spicy noodles I was craving.. I might go back, but definitely would not recommend that dish.
4	My go to place whenever I'm in Vegas and I'm there pretty often.  Inside the Aria Hotel so you would expect the prices to be a lot pricier but it's very reasonable with good size portions and good food.  Pretty consistent every time I have been here.  Obviously it's not the best Thai food I've had but pretty good and service is usually very good!!
3	Arrived to Vegas on Friday evening,  was hungry and had a food voucher. Craving for asian food. Saw all the good reviews on this place. Went there to experience it. Want greeted promptly, seated in the center of the room. To me the restaurant needed a little more lighting. We got the prawn satay, seafood drunken noodles, ribeye salad. The prawn satay was really good, it came with two slices of french bread and a curry dip. The skewers of prawns was held up with a piece of pineapple. The appetizer was good. Shortly after that the drunken noodles came out, it looked good. The flavor was bland, the seafood in it was good except for the squid, it was dry. The veggies was crunchy some of leafy parts was over done. I added in some soy and some siracha chili sauce to it. We was also waiting on our ribeye salad, this was about 5 mins after they brought out our drunken noodles. You would think the salad would comeout first if not together with the noodles. The wife took the first bite of the ribeye. I asked her how is it, "chewy" she stated. I had a piece, it was chewy. It seemed like they had cut a piece of tissue with it because there was a only couple pieces that was chewy. The salad did have good flavor tho.Now onto waiting and waiting for the server to get us our check. Seemed like forever, I also saw a customer walk up to one of the servers and said "we need service, we've been sitting for over 10 mins and no one had came over. 5 mins passed I got my check, signed. As I was leaving that table seemed to have not been helped yet. I give three stars as I had better thai food/experience o in a smaller town, in the US of course.
2	We had read reviews about it and decided to try it, but were more than just disappointed after the meal:- The service was not bad, but was a little slow - The ice water that we received tasted  metallic-y -  The portions were small (we ordered the chicken cashew nut, and when we received it, it was a small pile and it looked as if someone had taken a scoop out already)- All the food that we received was cold (The soup was actually cold when it reached our table) However, the atmosphere was nice and was very modern, but we don't think that we will be returning.
2	Slow service, and the mee goring tasted literally like noodles in tomato sauce. definitely a miss.
5	**Review for Restaurant Week 2014**We went for lunch for the $30.14 four course meal.  The dinner option is the same price and same menu.  They sat us on a big beautiful leather couch at a table - it was a very comfortable and luxurious place to enjoy lunch.  The service was friendly, but a bit slow.  But the restaurant was so beautiful and they refilled our water and tea frequently so I didn't mind spending more time enjoying my lunch.The food was fantastic.  They offer a tasting menu regularly for $59 that was very similar to the $30.14 menu they offered during restaurant so I know we got a great value on the meal while donating to charity.  The starter was a chicken satay and cucumber salad.  The peanut sauce was very good.  Then they serve a small mushroom Tom Yum Hed.  The flavor in the soup was great and I would go back to eat just that.  Then for the main entree we choose to have the Phad Thai with Shrimp.  I loved the pad thai and the shrimp were a good size and fresh.The highlight of the meal was the dessert - an ice cream with sticky sweet rice, coconut, jackfruit and fruit jellies.  The coconut and jackfruit were very fresh and the ice cream tasted great with the rice.
4	ambiance - superb. loved their decorFood - Good. not the best in town but not bad eitherservice - Superb. our waiter was very helpful and attentiveover all experience - Great!
5	OUTSTANDING!  We went here for a late lunch and only order two things.  Both were HOME RUNS!Please repeat after me, SAMPAN SPICY CRAB!  Let's say it again, SAMPAN SPICY CRAB!  Now I don't know what a SAMPAN is or means but I am going to guess it means DAMN DELICIOUS in Thai.  The crab has many levels of flavor.  You can taste roasted garlic, hot chiles, moist crab meat, and the salty breadcrumbs.  The breadcrumbs give it a nice texture.  The crab is deep fried because it's crusty.The meat is very delicate when you get inside.  Also, the roasted garlic and hot chiles can be eaten on top of your rice.  The Duck Panang Curry was also flavorful.  The duck was so very tender.  The curry was tasty but not over powering.  It complimented the spicy crab and actually served as a reliever of heat.I would definitely go back again to eat this crab!
5	Loved this place!! Honestly some of the best Thai food I've had in a while. I had the spicy mushroom soup, green chicken curry, a peanut satay sampler, and the coconut ice cream. It was all amazing. I can already tell I'll be craving their curry for days. A little pricy but worth it for the great food, awesome service, and lovely atmosphere
4	3.5-4 stars overall. Came late night. It's a nice place in Aria. A lot if restaurants closed before 12AM, this was one that was open late and still served a full menu after hours so we decided to try it. FOOD:Chow Mein (3.5 stars): Regular noodles, good, but nothing special. Prawn satay (5 stars): Cooked perfectly! I'd recommend this if you like prawns. Yellow curry (4 stars): Needs more chicken. Broth was still good though. Sake: They only have it warm here, wasn't used to that. I like cold better. SERVICE (4 stars):Everyone was nice but the waiter would disappear at times.ATMOSPHERE (5 stars):Nice decor, spacious, clean.
5	The restaurant was beautiful, the service was great and the food was outstanding! We started with the chicken satay with peanut sauce and bits of chopped celery with a plum sauce that had a little sugar and vinegar and it was amazing! For entrees we had Chow Fun  and duck curry and they were both incredible! To me sauces make a dish and both of these are over the top!
3	It was 1AM Sat night and I had just left Haze because it was way too crowded and I couldn't find my other friends inside. Hadn't eaten dinner yet so I met up with another friend here because we were staying at the Aria and it was one of the decent sounding places still open that wasn't on the greasy side.Very dimly lit, the decor along the ceiling is like a weaving loom and really intriguing. Fairly quite atmosphere but can easily accommodate large groups.Our OrderTom Kha Chicken: ($12) Chicken, coconut milk, lemongrass, galangal, abalone mushroomsChilean Sea Bass: ($28) Deep-fried sea bass fillet, shallots, scallions, Yu-Hoi sauceDrunken Noodle with Seafood: ($20) Spicy stir-fried flat rice noodles, prawns, scallops, squid, Thai basil, Kachai, bell peppersGinger Peach: ($14) Absolut Peach Vodka infused w/ Black Tea, Canton Ginger Liqueur, and Fresh Sour served tall over iceWatermelon Caipiroska: ($14) Grey Goose Vodka, Fresh Limes and Fresh Watermelon juiceThe Tom Kha surprisingly had a strong mushroom flavor that overpowered the coconut. So instead of a more tart flavored soup, it was fairly earthy tasting which was interesting but we didn't love it. I love mushrooms too =/I ordered the Drunken Noodle w/ Seafood due to the reviews I saw on it. Honestly, it was greasy and tasted like chow mein. Nothing special and wouldn't order again.Why I would come to Lemongrass? The Chilean Sea Bass. It was cooked perfectly: wasn't dry and very soft.They drinks were good and very strong. They had better be at $14/drink! Even though they came out in small glasses, they pack a punch. My friend's a light-weight and drank a little more than half the cup and got tipsy. I nearly finished both drinks but my friend was too far out that we had to go back to the room.Wouldn't go out of my way to come here since there are so many places to eat in Vegas but if I was in the same predicament, I certain wouldn't mind.
2	Definitely not impressed. we ordered pad see ew and drunken noodles with seafood. Practically the same looking dishes that arrived at our table. There was a good amount of seafood in our dishes but as far as flavor goes it falls FLAT! Oh but the Prawn Rolls WERE good. We also got a to go curry order, spicy #5 on a scale from 1-10 with 3 being their Medium. The word is 5 wasn't even spicy. At all.
5	Best service in aria. They are casual dinning at the Aria. But still classy. Dimly light Asian themed decor. Comfortable seating for groups and accommodating for babies. Huge bonuses for vegas with baby and group of friends. If you are here on the weekends they have dimsum. And some of the best dimsum dishes I have had in the United States. Everything was fresh and tasty. Not overly salty and not overly oily. We got the ribs and chicken feet. We also got the stick rice wrapped in banana leave with chicken. Really very authentic. On the side I order abalone congee and a spicy beef noodle soup. The congee was perfectly cooked. There were lots of abalone in the congee. Usually other restaurants really skimp on that and give just a couple slices. The beef noodle soup was not as great. The beef tendon was really hard and the broth was kinda on the sour side. We basically had a wonderful dinning experience and for the rest of our four day trip we kept coming for lunch and late night snack. Open till 2 am!!
4	If you like spice Lemongrass is for you!I was in the Aria and had been craving Pad Thai for a week so I decided to hit up Lemongrass. First off, the space is very cool. The Aria is a 5-star hotel and Lemongrass fits right in.I perused the menu a little bit just to see what all they offered, but I knew I was getting the Pad Thai before I even walked in the door. The waiter asked me how spicy I wanted my meal on a scale from 1-10. He explained that their food is quite spicy and 3 is medium. I like a bit of kick to my food and most restaurant's "medium" is usually very mild for me, so I opted for the 5. It was perfect! Spicy and hot but not so overbearingly hot that you can't actually taste the food. My bunghole was burning all night, but I wasn't using it for anything other than expelling bodily waste so that was okay. Wow, this review just took an unexpected turn.Okay, enough about my butt. The food was great, the service was good, the space was awesome and my hotel room had unlimited amounts of toilet paper so it was a successful visit. The portion was on the small size and should have been larger, hence my holding back the 5th star, but overall it was a great meal and both me and my burning colon will be back.
4	I came here for dinner and will definitely be coming back. I had the yellow curry with beef and steamed rice. Delicious!  Prices weren't bad, most of the main dishes were between $14-20. Seafood was a little more pricey of course. When I ordered water I opted for the free tap water as opposed to a $9 bottle of Fiji water. I just don't see myself ever paying $9 for water. My only complaint is the service. We were seated right away which was great, but after we got our waters we waited another 10-15 minutes to order our food even though we were ready to order after a couple of minutes. We had to wait to make eye contact with our waiter across the room to ask for a water refill. Waiting to ask for the check took another 15 minutes. If the restaurant was busy I would totally understand but it really wasn't.
1	I think this is the worst Thai food I've had in the US. Made reservations with high hopes and came away very disappointed. The fried Flounder was inedible and even the waiter agreed and removed it from our bill after we pointed it out.  Drunken noodles were average at best and the red curry tasted like a instant sauce not one made from scratch. Service was non-existent. Our waiter sat us and never came back so we had to flag down passing staff for everything we needed - ordering, drinks, the bill. It was very frustrating.
3	Lemon Grass is located at Aria and towards to the back of the casino.I got food credit while I staying at Aria, therefore, I picked Lemon Grass for lunch in order to spend the credit.  For additional bonus, I booked via open table to get 100 points.At upscale restaurant in Vegas, we did expect the quality food but not authentic Thai food! After we checked out the menu, we found half of dishes were served Asian food (Chinese or Northern Chinese food) rather than Thai food.I ordered green curry chicken and it tasted good. The chicken was tender and green curry sauce quite creamy but taste light not spicy at all. Honestly, most of Thai restaurants in Vancouver can make this simple dish.  My gal friend had beef brisket noodles and just average! The beef brisket a bit dry and chewy and the noodles were soft. Of coz, we were not expect any Asian food wouldn't be better in Vancouver or in Hong Kong.Anyway, prices were reasonable for the quality and amount of food served. Especially we got free food credit for it.
4	Best Thai restaurant in Vegas!My girlfriends and I visited Vegas one weekend and we decided to have lunch here since it was conveniently located in the hotel we were staying at. The ambiance of this establishment is very modern with unique decors and embellishments. I definitely felt like dining in a 5-star restaurant at decent entree prices.We ordered a few dishes to share: basil fried rice, pad thai, three chicken spicy dish along with tom yum soup. The basil fried rice was very flavorful and I could definitely taste the basil! This is probably the best basil fried rice I've had compared to other Thai restaurants I've been to. The pad thai was delish, loved that they put the peanuts and bean sprouts on the side because my dining companions enjoy the noodles without it. The three chicken spicy dish was great! Very flavorful with ample amount of meat. The tom yum was my least favorite, only because it was way to spicy for us! (But that's our fault for ordering it too spicy. They will ask you on a range of 1-10 how spicy you would like your soup.)Our server was very friendly and sociable. She came around often to replenish our drinks. I would definitely recommend for others to try this place out if you're a fan of Thai food. This restaurant is authentic and uses quality ingredients!Will definitely be back in the future! :)
5	Pad Thai is wonderful. The Thai soup was just what the Dr ordered for s cold and Jose the bartender was very friendly and gave great service.
5	I honestly love this place. The staff is great and so is the food. I come here often and every time I make a reservation the service never fails. I definitely recommend eating here. For the price of everything you get huge plates.
4	Pretty good food. I have been to Thailand several times so I don't think I'll ever find Thai food in the States as good. It was good though. In don't give it 5 stars though because of the price. It's pretty expensive for middle dishes. 16.00 for Pad Thai. Here in LA I get just as good for 8.00. But it's the Aria. Service was good. Korean gal Kathleen was our sever. Very friendly and attentive to us.
5	This was my first time having Thai food. And it was amazing. Service was wonderful, atmosphere was excellent, and the food delicious. But when they say a level 5 is very hot they are SERIOUS. We got a 6 and almost couldn't eat it. Can't wait to go back.
1	Lemongrass It's not real Thi food.. Even not Chinese food.. Never n ever want to come again.. If you already tried thi food before .. You'll know it's really bad........
5	Another great dinner at Lemongrass! Cold prepared jellyfish, lobster and prawn satays, red curry chicken which I ordered "6 out of 10 heat index" and I was sweating! Try a cold, unfiltered sake to round out the flavors.If you're around Las Vegas City Center you should try this for lunch or dinner.
1	This place is overpriced, has a limited selection, the service is slow even when empty and they seat everyone on top of each other. Really really terrible. Highly re come d skipping this one.
4	The chicken Panang was very good.  I had a 7 spice level and it had a nice kick.  You will not be disappointed.
5	Awesome dim sum on Fridays 11am-3pm
4	Im a fan of this place, food has been consistently good when i come here.  It is inside the casino and it does loose some authentic ambiance but hey your in vegas.  Ive tried only a small portion of the menu but so far so good.
2	It was just ok! I expected more. More value, more flavor, for the Tasting Menu $59 +$29 for pairings (which had little alcohol in them). The Thai restaurant in San Diego in our neighborhood has better flavor. Aria advertises this place as the only Thai place on the Strip....well...thy best kick up their game as the #1 spot is up for grabs.We asked for spicy,..it was not. The Chilli sauce condiment bowl was empty. We brought this to the attention of the waiter. Bowl was refilled, not washed or cleaned prior with the old Chilli still dried to the wall of the container. The Chicken Salad tasted bad and merely looked like it was boiled and processed through a meat grinder! ..it was bad and something I wouldn't feed my beagle.We wanted to order a drink with Ginger - they were out of ginger. We announced a special occasion - they forgot. Flavor wise - it was all mediocre...I woke up the next day thinking about how bad it was. I will call the restaurant today and suggest management sit under cover, and eat the tasting menu. As Gordon Ramsey would say to the chef "did you taste it?"
3	Food: goodService: greatDecor and Ambiance: greatThe food was good but I did not see how it was better than the regular neighborhood thai joint.I tried the basil fried rice and it was really very satisfying but nothing that would justify the $18 price point.Maybe I did not get the right thing.Overall would try someplace else unless I want thai food.Thank you
4	Finding decent Thai food in a hotel is a bit of a surprise. Wonderful coconut sauce, crisp, fresh vegetables. Nicely seasoned. More expensive than a local place, but you are in a casino. Given the other dining choices in the Aria, dollar for dollar, this is a great choice.
3	Would rate 3.5.  I've eaten here several times this year during work related conferences.  The staff is fantastic.  Food is very good, and offers a good variety of other Asian cuisines, not purely Thai.  I've had 5 of their soups and they were all great.  Like all of the hotel restaurants in LV, everything is overpriced.  Would be at least 20% less, even in a major metro like SF, LA, NY.
5	Have dinner with my friends here last night. Every dishes we had are so tasty. And also The fresh coconut juice is so good and fresh.
2	The food was good, but the reason of the low stars was because of the slow service, we ordered food which came timely, but after dinner we wanted to order dessert, but the server paid no attention to us, and we waited for 30 minutes for the dessert menu. Nice food, but not sure if will come again due to service
4	We stopped by here after we ate about 2 hours ago. Just wanted to try out some of the appetizers which were pretty tasty and I had the spicy soup. Yes it's very spicy. I would come back here to try out the main dishes next time.
3	Not impressed.Decent Thai food, but nothing out of the ordinary to justify the $18/dish price point.  Ambiance and decor were nice, as expected for being located in the beautiful Aria hotel, however the restaurant itself was quite loud which made conversation difficult.Spice level was on point, the lack of which is such an annoyance to me at most Thai restaurants.  I think they really followed the Thai Hot scale on this one.  The spice level masked the lack of flavor in most of the dishes.We took home leftovers but never ate them.  I think that says something in itself...
1	Was craving noodle soup dish and lemongrass was closest to cosmopolitan that was open at 2am. Ordered the beef pho and had to return it. It had a funky smell and taste like a dead animal. Pho is supposed to have thin slices of meat not thick strips. Has the chef ever had pho before? So returned the pho and ordered hot/sour soup and beef Szechuan noodle soup. It was edible at least.  $35 for the least satisfying meal ever.
5	WOW! That is the one word i thought of when thinking about Lemongrass! Their food is amazing and well worth the money you pay. I am pretty frugal too, but this place just delivers some great food. The service was great, the drinks are fairly prices and the food is a fair price. I left full, satisfied and happy i dropped in. If you have a chance, check this place out!
3	I came here once and i had really high hopes for this place. The flavors werent all there and ive had better at the thai place by my house. Super overpriced for what youre getting. The seats are uncomfortable and to speak to anyone else at the table I literally had to lean across the table. It was nice to look at but I wouldnt spend my money there again.
5	just awesome great service and food, we tried jellyfish for the first time, it was tasty.. the soup was the highlight of the dinner Lobster Tom Kha Gai amazing!!!
4	Try pad thai spicey level number 6 togo, great place to go if you want to grab some food to bring up to your room especially after midnight. :-)
3	Staying at the Aria and stopped here for an early dinner as soon as we arrived on Christmas Day. Restaurant was only 1/2 full, but we were told the wait would be 20 minutes, so we opted to sit at the bar. Service was quick and we watched a basketball game. We ordered the salmon spring rolls for an appetizer. These were top notch...salmon, cheese, and basil fried in a slim roll with sweet chili dipping sauce. I ordered the Pad See Ewe (spelling?) at a spicy level 3 out 10 and the man ordered Pad Thai with Chicken at level 5. The Pad See Ewe was just ok, I'm not sure it was meant for spiciness and it also needed more veggies! The Pad Thai was excellent! Only real issue was the bartender, who doubled as our server. He was loud and ignorant...we found many of his comments to be inappropriate and offensive.
2	Was asked for a choice of white or brown rice with my curry. Chose brown rice and was charged $4 without ever being told. Beware
2	Waiter was rude. Food was just ok. Nothing special at all. Restaurant ambiance very nice but it doesn't live up to expectations. We ordered black pepper shrimp which arrived cold. Ordered coke zero which arrived flat. One other dish (green curry) arrived with a spoon that's normally used by people to eat soup! Have never seen a dish served with that kind of small spoon.
2	OK listen, I get it...you are in a swank hotel, you have a trendy ambiance but your food is just "OK" at best and your service a bit pretentious...get over yourself!This is the second time I have dined at Lemongrass (previously lunch) and now dinner...both times, same exact experience.  The staff has serious attitude over God knows what.  Vegas is a tourist destination at the end of the day and service should be front and center every time, for every customer. Lemongrass is kidding itself if they think otherwise.The food is just average...Thai food is usually good at most places...this is your typical fancy Thai spot that just misses the mark.  The spring rolls are average, the cucumber salad...meh.  The penang curry w/shrimp had a slight kick so was the best thing we ate since it actually had decent flavor. The pad thai was just plain boring.Wine selection is average...nothing crazy but then again, at a Thai restaurant, can't come in expecting spectacular vino selection.Please do yourself a favor and skip the nonsense...find a hole in the wall Thai resto off the strip and satisfy your belly and your experience.  Again, the snooty service is the biggest turn off here.
4	Food was perfect. Steak was cook as ordered. Decor is really comfortable and relaxing. Servers are borderline rude.
4	Flavors have great potential, but falls short of excellence.  My dish was dan dan noodles with overcooked noodles-meh.  One friend had drunken noodles which was good.  We had excellent spring rolls.  Our soup was an incredibly tasting tom kha; however,  large chunks (but not large enough to pick out) of lemongrass and makrut (generally considered inedible ) were left in the soup.  The final dish was a great tasting curry.  Six out of ten was too spicy and we are in to spice.  On our visit, it seemed that there is potential for a really great meal here.
