4	Our daughter recommended this restaurant to us.  Although she had yet to try it, she knew several people who had and really liked it.  So one morning during the week, we went for a late breakfast.When we got there, the place was doing a good business.  Still, there were available tables and we were seated immediately.  Our server was kept busy but still came to take our order in a reasonable amount of time.  The breakfast menu is huge---somewhat overwhelming.   There are skillet breakfasts, omelets and more traditional breakfasts.We decided to try the "traditional eggs benny" (basically eggs benedict).  The person who brought them out appeared to be the cook.  The eggs were properly cooked which sometimes doesn't happen with poached eggs.  The potatoes were flavorful and not at all dried out.Overall we were very pleased with the whole dining experience.  Next time we're in town, we'll be sure to go back!Just a note:  We heard that the place is a very popular brunch spot on the weekend so if you want to avoid crowds, go during the week.
4	I visited this restaurant recently with a friend and we had an excellent brunch. I had the french toast with a side of bacon and I must say it's probably the best bacon I've had out in a long time. We took advantage of the patio seating and it was very pleasant. The service moved along quickly without being pushy and all in all it was a very nice visit.My only complain is the orange juice was warm. Really warm.
1	I used to work in east mesa and would frequently meet with friends for lunch at crackers and co.  Let me start by saying this was over a year ago, but I never thought to write a review because we always called it "that place where the servers treat you like crap but has great food"That pretty much sums things up, the food is AWESOME (salad are a must and Red Velvet cake will make you touch yourself) getting seated might take 10 minutes, water will take 15 and food probably about 45....maybe things have improved with a horriable economy?  Last straw for me was a BIG BLACK CURLY HAIR I pulled out of my cake one afternoon.  BAKED IN!!!!  It pains me to even think of it still.  Patronize at your own risk!
2	After reading all the good reviews of the other Mesa Crackers and Co, I went to this one because it's closer to my house. I don't know what all the hype is about. I found it to be just about the blandest, most boring, overpriced breakfast I've had in a long time. I got the Vatican which is a skillet with eggs cooked to order, hash browns, red and green bell pepper, onion, mushrooms, and bits of bacon along with sausage and cheese all mixed together. I got the cheese on the side and ended up not putting much on. It was about $8.50.First, the sausage wasn't breakfast sausage, or perhaps it's like no breakfast sausage I've seen. It appeared to be Italian sausage or some rendition. The pieces were big and not my cup of tea at all. I'd have much rather had traditional breakfast sausage. It's clearly the standard, why mess with it? Maybe becuase it's called "The Vatican" but still, I wished it was marked on the menu that the sausage was different. I pulled all of them off my plate, I disliked them so much. The skillet had no seasoning whatsoever. I'm not a big fan of salt but it tasted like they didn't put any salt on anything, or any seasoning for that matter. I had to salt my food which I never do. Usually I think things are too salty eating out. The hashbrowns were pretty good but it's hard to mess that up. Nothing else was tasty. I ended up dumping Cholula over the whole thing which made it more edible. It was relatively greasy for how unflavorful it was. Even the english muffin that came on the side was flat and not very doughy. Most of the wait staff seemed pretty nice but our waitress wasn't all that great and only checked on us once even though she passed every 2 minutes to get to other tables. I would not try this place again. Their desserts did look good if you're into that thing.
4	Now that we've had a chance to try some other items on the breakfast menu, it's a good time to update the review.Recently, in addition to the Traditional Benny, we tried the California Eggs Benny, Traditional Breakfast and Breakfast 222.  Also, we tried two dessert items---Brandied Cinnamon Bread Pudding and the Lemon tart.This place, generally speaking, is consistently good.  The only thing, IMO,  they could improve on is their poached egg preparation.  Sometimes the eggs get poached just right, other times they are overcooked.  All that said, the California Eggs Benny is a delicious and unique breakfast.  In addition to the English muffin and Hollandaise sauce, it has spinach, bacon, avocados and tomatoes.  It all works well together and is very tasty.The Traditional Breakfast and the Breakfast 222 are very similar.  Both have 2 eggs and your choice of meat.  Where they differ is that the Traditional  has potatoes plus toast, although you can substitute pancakes for the toast for a little extra cost.  The pancakes are buttermilk and, IMO, are better than IHOP.One day we got tempted by the dessert menu. I ordered the Brandied Cinnamon Bread Pudding while my husband ordered the Lemon Tart.  The bread pudding was delicious!  Our waitress got it right when she said it didn't taste like typical bread pudding.  It has a blackberry sauce and is topped with fresh whipped cream---it's simply decadent.  The lemon tart, however, was not your typical one.  It's thicker than usual and the crust not as crispy.  Still, my husband enjoyed it.You know, we've never had a bad server in the place.  In fact, most have been friendly and efficient.  If we thought we were treated badly, we wouldn't go back.  In fact, we think that this is a great breakfast restaurant!
2	I left this place feeling extremely unimpressed.I had the "Spicy Mexican Skillet".  It wasn't spicy, or even good.  It was very bland, very boring, and very lacking all around.  Food sucked and our waitress took forever to take our order and when she did she reeked of smoke.  So instead of serving us, she was out back having a cig.  At least wash your hands and pop a mint when you're done so my nose isn't filled with stale smoke.  Prices were high, food sucked.  I also felt the interior seating was very lackluster.  Had a cafeteria feel to it, not cozy at all.
2	I went here for breakfast this last weekend and after reading the reviews and listening to my friend who had already been here, I was excited to try the breakfast.Let's just say I have had better and was not impressed. Maybe it is this location, or maybe it is that I just expect more for breakfast, but I thought this restaurant was both a waste of tummy space and money!I ordered The Vatican Skillet, which was dry and lacking a lot! It needed sauce, salt, pepper, you name it, it was missing it! Took most of it home and ate it later all fixed up. Will not be returning...
4	I don't quite understand the negative reviews either- I've been here multiple times, and the only miss I have ever had were the crab cakes.  Every other sandwich, burger, salad, breakfast skillet, french toast, that I have ordered has been fabulous.  Coming here for the last two years, this location has been a model of consistency in food and good service.
5	My last review got deemed as a fake, so I'm writing up another review... because I genuinely love this place.My dad & I used to drive past this place all the time, because it's between my apartment and his house. Then one day (after lots of "we should stop and eat there sometime"), we stopped in. Their food is good. We keep coming back on a fairly regular basis.Their baked potato soup is my hands down favourite. I order it nearly every time we visit... and often find myself craving it at odd hours of the night. It's got the perfect blend of salty and creamy and the potato bits in it are nice and big. It's a good, hearty soup that fills me up every time.My other favourites here are Thrill of the Grill (though I always order it without the guacamole), Chicken Swiss Melt, and Roast Beef & Provolone.I've never eaten here for breakfast, because I'm not a big breakfast person... so maybe their breakfast menu is as awful as everybody here is claiming... but I can't see how.
4	I try to support local small business whenever I can and living in Mesa makes it tough - it is chain restaurant heaven. We drive out of our way to get to Crackers & Co - service is always good, quick, food is dependable and good. The Two, Two Two is the best mix of all breakfast choices out there.   Local and dependable, pretty much all I'm looking for at breakfast.  Not sure why all the haters.
3	Another spot we used to eat when we lived in AZ.  I happened to be in town for business and stopped in.Their sandwiches are really good with quality ingredients.  The soup is great.
4	This is the cutest little breakfast place!  My boyfriend and I woke up late on a Sunday morning and he surprised me by taking me to Crackers.  The weather was gorgeous, so we sat out on the covered patio.  It took me a long time to decide on what I wanted, since the menu listed lots of great looking dishes.  I ordered the breakfast burrito, which was absolutely delicious and HUGE!  It was filled with eggs, cheese, and chorizo (seasoned to perfection), and it came with a generous serving of potatoes.  I loved every bite, but I could barely finish half of it.  Too bad breakfast burritos don't reheat well, or I would definitely have gotten a doggy bag.  I highly recommend Crackers for a casual breakfast or brunch... I plan on going back sometime soon!
5	Heard good things about the cooking and food. went with my mom who highly recommended it.  I ordered cinnamon battered French toast. Came with fresh eggs too. I was impressed. Huge portions and strawberries/whip cream tasted superb with the french toast. Clean fast service. My mom had Chicken tortilla soup. i tasted and it was by far the best i've ever tasted.
4	I love this place!
3	Run of the mill breakfast joint that Mesa'ns seem to enjoy. I came in for breakfast with my dad while visiting and it was still rather busy with an older crowd on Friday morning. As a vegetarian there aren't a ton of options, something I've sadly become accustom to in AZ. I had some eggs with potatoes and toast. My dad enjoyed the disgustingly fatty egg scramble with tons of meat covered in hollandaise. Whatever makes you happy I guess. The food was good, service was a bit too friendly and obtrusive. I would be cool to see some dishes that think outside the standard breakfast box but I don't mind coming here over a diner/corporate place.
3	i have had breakfast here 1/2 dozen times give/take the service has always been good except once and thefood is decent but never served hot its always warmish ........i could send it back i guess but its such a waste of my time to have to sit there for another 5 or so minutes while they reheat something that should have been brought out hot to Begin with they don't deserve 3 stars but 2 1/2 would be sufficient
5	My family always enjoys getting breakfast at Crackers & Company.My son loves the big fluffy waffles so his 12 year old taste.My wife always enjoys the '222' and I always get the breakfast burrito.The serving sizes are always generous and the prices are fair for the portion size.The atmosphere is always friendly and the service is always very attentive.
4	We have been wanted to try this place for a few years and just never got around to it - until yesterday!  We went for breakfast at about 8:30/9am on a Sunday, got there just in time to avoid a wait, it filled up fast after we were seated.  The latest issue of Phoenix Magazine has this as one of the top restaurants in the area and they showed a picture of the California Eggs Benedict.  So we got an order of that and a walnut bran muffin to share. Service was fast and friendly and the coffee was hot!  The breakfast was outstanding! All the flavors popped! From the egg to the bacon to the nice fresh avocado and tomato.  It was really good. The muffin was good too - I bet they sell a lot of their desserts and sweet offerings to go....  I know we were tempted to take something with us but we decided we'd just have to come back again and again and most likely again.
5	My family and I love this place. The food is great, we love the Breakfast or Lunches. My daughter loves their pancakes. And they have some good heart healthy options as well.
3	Everyone seems to know Crackers & Co. but this is only the 2nd time I've eaten here. I wanted something a little 'different' and chose the Huevos Racheros adding the Pork Carnitas, bringing the grand total up to roughly $10 bucks. It was good, I guess, I love the dish in general, but I don't know that I'd go running back just to order it again. The big difference was my waiter continually calling me Sweetheart. And not in the genuine honey, darlin' type of way but the you're-my-last-table kind of way. Did I mention, this was around 1 o'clock, and they close @ 2. Overall, not horrible but not fantastic.
4	Here's an update to my previous brief review, after having visited Crackers and Company several more times.I still really like it, but in my recent visits I've noticed a fluctuation in the quality of service, and portion sizes seem pretty small. Last time I visited was very strange - our server was very brusque and not friendly at all, then halfway through the meal he turned into a smiling, happy-go-lucky guy! (And yes, it was the same person.) It was a little off-putting.The food, though, is still as delicious as ever and sitting outside is my favorite spot!
5	So this is a 2.5 mile roundtrip walk from my mother's place. In two weeks I had breakfast here 4 times.Yes, I'm definitely a fan.The standout is the Cinnamon French Toast, six thick slices of cinnamon bread dipped in vanilla and served with honey butter and maple syrup. I normally prefer savory to sweet but this was wonderfully decadent.Other breakfast items such as eggs, sausage links and bacon  were very good. The rancho huevos with pork canitas was delicious and a huge portion. Breakfast and lunch in one sitting.This place gets a good crowd during the week and come weekends it may involve a wait of 10-20 minutes.For the quality of food and price ($7-12) I say it's worth it.
2	yes once again i have decided to give this mediocre place a try ...don't ask me why, i had the eggs bene as usual the Canadian bacon was a paper thin slice of meat i also asked for some spinach on my bene for some reason the put raw spinach on ...?????? not sauteed .......i asked for the hash brown crisp and basically got potato chips....i kid u not......good bye crackers im breaking up w/u
2	This cafe is just around the corner from my office, so I decided to give it a shot for a business breakfast. I ordered the "Breakfast Creation" of two eggs over medium, honey-cured ham and the house potatoes, and my friend/colleague ordered the Beggar's Omelette. My ham was grilled and very good, but the potatoes were very undercooked and extremely greasy, so I avoided them. My colleague said that his omelette was fairly flavorless, and also found the potatoes to be really greasy.Perhaps it was just bad selection on our part, because the place was definitely hopping at 9:30AM, and there was a 5-10 minute wait when we got there, so they must be doing something right! However, there was lots of greasy food left on our plates for the $30 price tag, and I will probably stick with the Egg & I for business breakfasts in the future.
5	This place made the whole family happy. Good food. Good service (Tad).
2	How disappointing to find today that the signature spinach artichoke soup will not be offered every day - only intermittently as a special. This has been one of our favorite restaurants and if the management chooses to stick with its decision on the soup, it could lose our business.
1	So disappointing! How do I begin? I went to Crackers and Co. this morning for my sister's baby shower. I know everyone raves about this place and I was excited to have breakfast here. I've eaten there once before in the past, but it had been a few years. I was trying to find something on the menu that wasn't too sugary (I try avoid processed sugar as much as possible), maybe a little on the healthier side, and I saw the "Health Cakes" on the menu. The pancakes are described as being "infused with oatmeal," and "topped with strawberries, blueberries and whip cream." They sounded great. I also wanted to add a side of eggs, but the server told me that I should get the 2-2-2 breakfast that already came with eggs and sausage/bacon, and they could substitute those pancakes with the health cakes I wanted. She didn't mention anything else about it costing more, and so I agreed to it and placed my order.   When my food arrived I was really suprised at the lack of toppings on my "health cakes." I counted *ONE* strawberry that had been cut into 4 pieces, maybe a tablespoon of mini blueberries, and a teaspoon of granola. The girl two seats down from me got just the health cakes and her pancakes were LOADED with blueberries, strawberries and whip cream, atleast 5 or 6 times the amount on my pancakes. When I took my first bite, I realized that the pancakes were just plain old pancakes, not "infused with granola" like they are described on the menu. Infused means "to fill" or put into something, so to me, and another lady at our table this came off as false advertising. So all of a sudden, the "healthy" pancakes that I planned to eat sans syrup, would need some major syrup due to the lack of toppings. I didn't want to make a big deal of it at my sister's baby shower, so I just poured on the syrup and ate. The pancakes were mushy, and didn't taste like anything. It was like eating sugary mush, and so I stopped after a 4 or 5 bites.  I ate my eggs, which were nothing special, and the sausage was nasty. I ended up only eating the eggs in entirety and the rest of the pancakes and sausage I offered to family members. My breakfast was far from satisfying, but I didn't want to make a scene.    When my bill came, I noticed that there was an added charge of $2.32 for the "health cakes."  So apparently that miniscule amount of toppings they sprinkled on my pancakes costs $2.32. I asked my server about this, and she confirmed it. I was blown away! If she would have told me that I was going to be charged $2.32 to "upgrade" them to the health cakes, I would have ordered something else. That much for one strawberry, a small amount of mini blueberries, and a pinch of granola? REALLY??? I paid my bill, and left the restaurant with a headache and a resolve to never eat at Crackers and Co. again.
4	I went to Crackers for the first time yesterday with my Mom for lunch. We sat outside on the patio to enjoy the weather and the chirping of the wild lovebirds that hang out in Mesa and had chosen that day to hang out in the trees at Crackers.They have so many things that sounded so good on the menu (especially their breakfasts!). I picked out the Drunken Chicken sandwich and my Mom went with the Mango Chicken. We also both got a cup of the artichoke soup.The soup was good, but very thick. It was almost like a dip, not a soup. Then Drunken Chicken was delicious even though I didn't eat the bread as it was boring and added nothing to the meal. My Mom enjoyed her Mango Chicken, but said the Mango Salsa was way too spicy although the menu doesn't say anything about it being spicy. Oddly enough, the sandwiches didn't come with any sides - no fries, no chips. Strange, but maybe that is how Crackers rolls.We shared a blackberry bread pudding for a light dessert. Well, Crackers take on bread pudding is odd... there was no bread-like consistency to it. It was good, but not what I expected. I wouldn't get it again. We also got a lemon bar to go for my husband as he loves anything lemon. Another odd take on a classic... the top (the lemon part) wasn't stiff like a normal lemon bar, but kind of frothy and pudding-like. Almost like they hadn't cooked it long enough. I'd go back for their lunches or breakfasts, but not their desserts.Helpful Tip: Be wary if you go to this location as they serve Mesa tap water when you ask for a water. If you haven't ever had Mesa's tap water, well, it leaves a lot to be desired. Yuck.
5	Love this place for Sunday breakfast! Just a little bit of a wait but we brought the paper and enjoyed sitting outside in the early morning sun. The California Eggs Benny never disappoints! Others in my party enjoyed the traditional eggs benny and the traditional breakfast with 3 huge sausage links! Service was the usual, friendly and fast!
4	I've been back three times since my first visit (and review) and my opinion has actually improved of this restaurant. First, the water. On my first review, I said they serve Mesa tap water. Well, on each visit since, I've had water and it never tasted as funky as that first visit. Perhaps the water filtration system was acting up that initial visit. In my three visits since my original review, I've had the following:Eggs Benny California-syle which is your typical Eggs Benny, but with spinach and bacon instead of ham. It was very good! The portions were huge and I wasn't able to finish it which I was sad about since it was so tasty.Pancakes with granola and fruit. There is actually a special name for this plate, but I can't remember what it was called. Maybe "Healthy Pancakes" or something like that. This was so good, but so filling! I wasn't even able to eat half of the plate. They were very generous with the fruit which I loved because so many places are stingy when it comes to fruit.Drunken Chicken (again) without the bread... this is obviously turning in to my Go-To for Crackers. I love this lunch! This time around I got it with fruit on the side and was thrilled that Crackers uses an assortment of fruit - not just the usual cantaloupe and honeydew. There were berries, grapes, and all kinds of delicious fruit in a large bowl. Delicious!I suppose it is no surprise that I will be going back to Crackers!
4	A favorite local breakfast spot. Good ingredients, good coffee and always friendly staff.
5	I have ordered oatmeal here many times - not because it is the tastiest item on the menu, but because I am counting calories.  A few days ago when I was here with a group of friends, the oatmeal had an unpleasant texture and the accompanying raisins were dried-out and tough.   I didn't want to spoil the occasion, so I didn't say anything or send it back.Yesterday, before a return visit to the restaurant with other friends, I called and spoke with Mark, the manager, who asked me to identify myself when I arrived.   This time the oatmeal was good, and I was happy.   When our check came, there was no charge for my order.   That was excellent customer service, and I will be back.
2	If my sole measure of this place was their ability to scramble an egg, then they would have failed miserably.  On the other hand, I've long since learned the ability to properly scramble an egg is a lost art in the restaurant business.Ok, so on the second try I asked for over easy eggs.  They cleared the bar on this one.Bacon was thick cut and pretty good albeit a little saltier than I prefer.Fired potatoes were very good.Waffle was good.  But after all if waffle house can make a decent waffle I'd expect a place like this could too.Toast was fair at best.  I initially thought I had two full pieces of toast but it turned out to be one thicker piece.  Toast was over cooked, and as the ability to scramble is becoming a lost art, I'm quickly finding that the ability to butter toast properly is going the same way.  Yes...my toast, besides being over cooked, wasn't properly buttered.Coffee was good.Maybe my order shows a decided lack of imagination relative to the total scope of the menu here, but I've long since learned that if you can't properly execute the basics you'll never get the tougher stuff right.I'll give this place another try, but I'm not going above a 3 here.
3	I love Crackers and Co. I usually go to the location in Tempe, but decided to try this location because it is a little closer to home. When we walked in, there was no wait which was fantastic- at the other location we rarely walk right in. I have a gripe about one of the hostesses though- when we walked in she didn't greet us and didn't smile at all. Luckily, another hostess walked up and took care of us. After that, the experience was better. Our server was fast and attentive. I got the California Eggs Benny (my usual) and it was good, but I was disappointed that the avocados were brown. My dad enjoyed his skillet, and my mom liked her Eggs Benedict. My husband ordered a breakfast sandwich with regular bacon, but it came out with Canadian bacon. Even after we got it fixed, the sandwich was dry and just okay.Overall, the other location is worth the wait and the drive for us. The food is a bit better there, and the hostesses are always on their game.
3	Came here for brunch.  We had been told it was 'awesome'.Well, it wasn't.  It was good, but not 'awesome'.  Basic American food prepared simply.  It was fine.  I had the Philly sandwich, my wife had the Cordon Bleu.  Both were fine, but nothing special.The vegetable beef soup was actually better than my sandwich, as was my wife's clam chowder.  I definitely can recommend choosing the soups as your side dish.  Or maybe just order it as your meal.  They were very good.I wouldn't mind coming back here, but I wouldn't go out of my way either.  If you're nearby and hungry, you could do much worse than stopping here.
4	Today I was looking for someplace new to try and I ran across Cracker & Co. I looked at the on-line menu and liked what I read so off I went. Given that I live in East Mesa, the location on Greenfield Rd was the best choice. Upon arrival we had about a ten minute wait which isn't too bad for high season on a  Saturday morning after 9AM. The waiting area is really small so I can see how there would be a lot of outside overflow on a Sunday. The hostess(s) we congenial upon our arrival so there was no issue there. Our server, Tad, was attentive and congenial. The coffee we ordered was good. The coffee is a big issue with me because I feel that if you're cutting corners on the coffee then you're more than likely going to be cutting corners on everything else.  I did have a beef with the water. It tasted like tap water, chlorine taste and all. The young man that I believe was the manager assured me that the water was filtered but that doesn't mean jack because there's a lot of different grades of filtering depending on what you're trying to filter out. Bottom line is I tasted something there that shouldn't have been there. For a starter I ordered a scone. The scone is described as "Fresh baked" and "Light and flaky" but I found that not to be the case. It was heavy and more like something that was packaged for resale in a 7-11. I would definitely not say this was a fresh baked scone and was something else. My breakfast meal was the California Eggs Benny. This dish had a good presentation and was well prepared. I ate it with no reservations. Everything seemed to be fresh and tasty.The only reason that I gave 4 stars and not 5 was because of the water taste. My dining companion had no issues with hers so maybe I'm just spoiled rotten by always drinking reverse osmosis water. I even have a dechlorinator on my shower so maybe I'm just sensitized to chlorine smell and taste. Overall, I recommend the place. While my review may be quite different from the reviews that posters previous to me gave, it could be said that the management is reactive to the issues that they noted. By the way, I am in no way connected to this restaurant or any other restaurant. My review are totally independent.
5	Great coffee. Loved the carnitas and eggs Benedict. Will be back. Good service too.
5	Super, duper, fabulous breakfast and lunch cafe!  We are lucky to have one here in NE Mesa.  With the fabulous weather patio seating is so enjoyable and relaxing.  Our waitress Laurel is the quintessential server.  I'm looking forward to our next brunch there already!
2	Have been here a couple times.  It's an ok place.  Good for a basic breakfast.  Went yesterday with the family.  Had to wait 25 minutes for a table.  Understandable...it was Sunday after church.  Got seated and placed our order.  As we waited, other people came in and were seated.  After quite a while, we noticed that other tables that were seated after us began getting their food.  We then realized we had not seen our waitress since she took our order.  We waited for her to come around but after 45 minutes of no food, no waitress and every other table having been served, I went to find a manager.  Talked with the hostess who said she was the manager?? And she went to find our waitress.  Waitress finally came out, looked at our empty table and asked us if we had gotten our food.  Huh?  NO!  We still have not gotten our food!  What, did she think we got our food, ate it, cleaned our table ourselves and then went up and were trying to get round two?So, she goes in the back, several minutes later comes out with our food and puts it down without a word.  No explanation, no apology, nothing.  The so called manager never said a word either.  Nothing.  Everyone acted like waiting 50 minutes for breakfast (after everyone else in the room who came in after us was served) was perfectly normal.  Really poor customer service.
4	Love this place for lunch or breakfast. Food is always fresh and nice to get the occasional breakfast for lunch.
5	I've eaten at all 3 Crackers & Co. locations and I have always enjoyed their food and I particularly like their Tuscan decor.  My favorite to order is their Pork Carnitas Skillet. It's tasty and very filling. I can only eat half of the skillet and always have the rest in a "to go" box.  I took my 10 yr. old niece at the Greenfield location several months ago for her birthday and she ordered the Cracker's Club Sandwich. The portion was huge and she loved the sandwich. Needless to say, she could only eat a third of it. When Mark, the Manager, a very nice young man, discovered it was her birthday, he told my niece her dessert was on the house. She decided on their brownie and it, too, was excellent. Thanks Mark, for making my niece feel special on her birthday.
4	I'm in love with Crackers & Co. I've only been there a couple times, but I can't wait to go back! This particular location gets a star knocked off for management. Maybe it was early in the morning before a holiday rush, or whatever the excuse, but another group was treated so awful over their reservation. However, once inside everything seemed to run smoothly. Service was great and so was my omelette. :-)
4	What good inexpensive breakfast. I had the Farmers Scramble. It was good and the service was good once they decided who's table we were...
3	Breakfast with Rob,  The food is good.  I had eggs, bacon and pancakes.  Not my favorite pancakes, but ok.  Love their sausage gravy however.
5	Amazing breakfast and atmosphere... Hearty delicious meals with great service! Highly recommended if wanting breakfast and a chain restraunt doesnt cut it anymore
4	One of my favorite breakfast places!
4	Always excellent food and service. I've been coming here for years and have never been disappointed. My favorite for breakfast in the area
5	The best breakfast in Mesa, hands down.  I've been eating at Crackers since high school (I now have a daughter in HS) and I was so excited when the one opened on Greenfield.  Expect to wait for a table because this is a popular place for breakfast & lunch.  Do yourself a favor and order the bread pudding, it is delectable.
5	My favorite new breakfast spot! I love eggs Benedict and seen previous reviews on it and it looked amazing. I found they have different kinds so I went with the Southwest Eggs Benedict .. Has chorizo , avocado, tomato, with a sauce.. This was amazing!! Potatoes were perfect. I brought the kiddos as well, French toast and chicken fingers .. Amazing.. Great price, great for the family! Service was just as good as the food!!
1	Well if anyone deserves ZERO STARS HERE WE ARE!  I have been here twice and had ok meals. This time today was my worst dining experience ever. I ordered an omelette and out comes the server with our food and he was the one who noticed a hair on it. Sent back only to return with another pretty looking omelette with a Hair on top!!! I was so appalled. Can you imagine this happening twice ? My friends were about done with their food when I gave then a 3rd chance. This time we were good but my toast was full of butter which isn't what I ordered. Anyway. They were nice to take it off the bill and my fresh food was good even though everyone else on my table was done eating and just watching me. What awfulLuck... I still see that hair in my visual mind. Never coming back here again. Sorry for the bad review but it was a horrid experience.
1	Horrible place. The food was so-so, it was the management. They harassed and discriminated against me because I have a sight service animal. What they did was illegal by state and federal law. They should be ashamed.
1	We are dismayed by your contentious and factually incorrect reply.The four women who made the complaint had initially engaged us by ohhhhing and awwwing over the service animal and pushed for us to display her to them. The animal at no time 'ate off the table' or even sniffed the table. If you are going to take the side of these disruptive harridans then you should be in possession of the facts. So after pushing us to allow them to interact with the dog when my wife offered the animal a morsel of chicken out of her salad, these people took that, "gotcha' moment to run to the manager to complain.The manager, as we have stated, then confronted us, obviously playing to the audience at the next table, and proceeded to make a public spectacle of us in the restaurant. When  we refused to move to the back room, where he said, "the people with service animals sit," we left to avoid further humiliation that had greatly upset my wife. Your manager further emphasized, twice, his desire that we, "never come into this restaurant again!!"His bullying tactics, as well as your self serving and factually erroneous attack on us above, shows your desire for retribution rather than conciliation and further solidifying our assertion of hostility, discrimination and bullying at your restaurant.Besides, the food was uninspired and a disappointment in and of itself.
4	Yum! First off, my family of three came on a Sunday morning around 10, so we assumed that they would be pretty busy. We had to wait for about 15 minutes, which wasn't too bad. One thing that was unfortunate was that there was obviously opened tables, at least 10 total, and there were still about 5 parties waiting. When we got in, our waiter was very nice and got us assisted quickly.We ordered:My Dad: Carnita omeletMy mom: Nutella banana crepesMe: Classic Eggs BenedictOur food arrived reasonably fast and nice and hotThe eggs benedict were simply fantastic, the English muffin was nicely toasted, the eggs were poached to perfection, and the hollandaise sauce was simply to die for! I will definitley order that again, next time I might try the southwestern or cali eggs benedict. One thing that wasn't great were there signature potatoes. They were really tasteless and I had to add a ton of tobasco and salt. My dads carnita omelet was okay. The pork was bland, and there was really just nothing special about it.My moms crepes were AMAZINGI don't like crepes at all, and I thought they were amazing. The crepes were fluffy, and delicious. They weren't overpoweringly sweet, and the bananas were just perfect.I absolutely recommend it. Will defenitley come back. Very good food
2	Run of the mill "we're open on Sunday and have a huge menu so it's a breakfast" place. Service is usually good (not great - simply because of how large the place is) but the quality of service and food has gone down.If you want to stuff your face full of absurdly organized junk/breakfast food and are too classy for ihop; this is your spot.
5	Love the strawberry chipotle chicken salad!
4	Crackers & Co has great monthly specials, that constantly very and keep the regular menu fun.  They also serve great omelets and from what my friends say very good French toast.
5	This is my all time favorite breakfast place. Truthfully I am not crazy about breakfast as it is my least favorite meal of the day.  However when it comes to this place I suddenly become a breakfast freak.  I highly suggest any of the eggs benedict dishes.  I usually go for the California.  Which has avocado and bacon.  Hash browns are on the side and my plate is always clean with nothing left on it after about 15 mins.  I had never had eggs benedict before eating here and have tried it at numerous other places since my first visit but, NEVER have I found better.  Believe it or not I have even started cooking my own eggs benedict because of how amazing this place makes them.  After many attempts that turned out great this place still beats me.  This place is to die for and many of my friends from central Phoenix will ask to go here if they are visiting.  Truly the best!!!!
1	SO GROSS! This place used to be good, but is AWFUL now. WHAT HAPPENED??? Every surface is greasy, food is bland now, and the service sucks. Houston we have a problem.
5	Chicken fried steak and biscuits are superb. Chorizo scramble was also good. The portions are hearty so come hungry. We've never had a bad meal here. .
5	I would normally give this place 4 stars but because the service was great I bumped it up a star. Got there about 8:30 Sunday morning.  Had to wait 5 minutes for a seat. Not bad, kind of expect that on a Sunday morning.  Got seated and our waitress was right over to take our drink orders.  We had already looked at the menu while waiting and she could tell we were ready to order food too.  She took our orders and promptly returned with drinks and our food came out later. I had the chicken fried biscuits and gravy.  It was really good and there is a lot of good that comes with it.  Wife got the day break which also had a lot of food.   Both meals were really good.  The service was fantastic. This is the kind of service worth tipping for.  Our waitress was Jennifer, and if you get a chance request her.  She was on top of things as soon as she took our orders.  Didn't have to ask for anything (I think she can read minds).  She brought me a second arnold Palmer before i drank all of the first one.  She noticed my wife needed more creamer for the coffee, boom it was there.  When leaving she offered to put my drink in a Togo.  I recommend this place and Jennifer as your waitress.
5	Great experience! The food was good our server Kim was friendly and attentive! We will visit again on our next trip!
5	I love going here, I have only been for breakfast.  Sitting on the patio is very nice, service is great considering how busy they are.  The french toast is amazing, one order can easily be split between two people.  Sunday's seem to be busy but I have not had to wait more than 15 min. and they don't rush you when you are seated.
5	Yummy!!! I love their food! the blintzes with berries, o wow yum. and the eggs benedict with fresh , another yeah! wish i could go more!
4	We find ourselves going there now after we take our baby for swimming lessons.  She's 10 months.  They always smile at her and say hi.  I hate it when wait staff ignores her as she gets fussy when someone makes eye contact but doesn't say anything.My favorite is the country fried steak and biscuit.  I'm a fairly large eater and it fills me up!!  Sarah changes up but always seems to be pleased. Service is always fast as is food.  Refills on drinks are occasionally slow but not by muchWe sometimes order avocado for the little one as she loves them but she usually eats off our plates. She has had nothing negative to say about this place yet.  Then again, she's had nothing to say at all yet intelligible to adult ears.   Three thumbs up here (one just a little though as its only an inch long).
4	Heard good things about the cooking and food. went with my mom who highly recommended it.  I ordered cinnamon battered French toast. fresh eggs too. I was impressed. Huge portions and strawberries/whip cream tasted superb. Clean fast service. My mom had Chicken tortilla soup. i tasted and it wa
5	Crackers and Co is a family favorite spot for breakfast and lunch!! I've always had great service here and have always really enjoyed what I've ordered! My two favorite breakfast items are the new princess omelet and the pork carnitas skillet! I went this morning to Crackers for my birthday with my husband and we both had a wonderful experience.  Thank you!
3	I really love the breakfast skillets! There are a bunch of great things on the menu, I just wish they sold alcoholic breakfast drinks... Also, I think most of the staff are pretty weird. If you come around 1:00pm don't expect much service and professionalism. The staff just walk around waiting for you to leave and chat amongst themselves. It's actually kind of funny.
4	I mostly go here for breakfast as I LOVE FRENCH TOAST, especially if I don't have to cook it!  The wait here really has never been that bad with the exception of Mother's Day, but that is kinda to be expected.  I prefer sitting on the outside patio, inside the tables are to close together and it gets very noisy.  The French Toast is on point, it is a very large portion - truth be told I'm a large woman and can eat, but I always split the french toast with someone, you get 3 large pieces cut in half and they are a good 1 - 1 1/2 inch thick slices. The only draw back for me is they do not have turkey bacon.  The staff has always been attentive and friendly.  I did visit another location for lunch with some friends and it was just as delicious.  Great place for a nice family breakfast, definitely going back again and again :)
4	Awesome breakfast!!!! Scrambled eggs and bacon done nicely and the French toast is killer!!! The only thing that sucks is the very long wait time to get seated on weekends!
5	I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant! The service is always great and the food here is killer. My boyfriend has tried almost every skillet on the menu and he has yet to be disappointed. I usually go with the blintzes but I've also had the egg sandwich and the tuna melt and everything has been awesome!
4	I really like this place.  I have been here several times for breakfast and lunch and have never had a bad meal.  My mom and I come here for lunch about twice a month and service has been hit or miss.  Most of the time we have great service.  Our favorite server is Megan.  She is very attentive and has a great attitude.  Occasionally, and only at the lunch hour, we have had a server who seemed more into getting ready to close than serving our table.  Aside from that, I enjoy Crackers & Co and it's one of my favorite breakfast/lunch places.  It's a cute restaurant, close to home, family friendly, and I love the food.
4	I love this place because it is very different from most breakfast places. Original, delicious, and clean.
5	Loved it. Excellent food and very nice atmosphere. I've been here on several occasions and have enjoyed both breakfast and lunch. Even came in late last week at 2 pm, when they close, and they still served me and stayed open till 230 when I left. Awesome staff! Place gets busy on the weekends so expect up to a 20-30 min wait, but there's a good reason why...
4	A group of my coworkers and I go here every other week for lunch. FYI the blackberry lemonade is to diiiiie for- I order it every time we go. They have delicious healthy options to eat as well! Something for everyone
5	Great food for breakfast. Especially the heuvos rancheros and the southwest chorizo carnitas.
3	Came here for breakfast to celebrate my sister's birthday.  Service was nothing special, in fact they seemed a disinterested.  The food was decent but for the price it wasn't anything spectacular.  When it came time to pay we were each given our receipts with the total.  They have a register at the front desk so I figured we take our receipts to the front since the receipts weren't in a discrete book or anything.  The girl at the front said the server usually takes care of payment, even though she wasn't doing anything and was at the register.  Okay, so we all hand the server payment with our receipts (no books) and cross our fingers there is no mix-ups.  All in all, wouldn't go back while there are so many other places that serve great breakfast with amazing service.
5	I have been to crackers and company over 17 times. The service is always outstanding especially Byron. He knows the menu and he tells you exactly what you need to know to make sure your meal is fabulous. The food is always prepared perfectly and I'm very very picky about my breakfast. I would recommend crackers and company to everyone. Would I come back here, of course it's my favorite place to go in the Mesa area for breakfast or lunch
4	Fresh food. Delicious. Clean place. Good service and very friendly. Not much more to say. This place makes me happy.
5	This is literally my first review of an eatery. I don't usually find it necessary to go on these sites to do so. I think recommending a place to friends and family is a much more useful tool. That said, I find it necessary to tell people that I found my new favorite breakfast and lunch stop. To begin with, I love the atmosphere. Located in an unassuming little strip mall area, they do a great job making it feel removed. The food was awesome! I've been here for breakfast, awesome crepes! Now I've been here for lunch! Fantastic! Food is just that good! The only concern I have is the host area. A bit slow in attentiveness. Yet, I was soon repaid for my patience with a great waitress! Also, the manager came to our table and checked in on us, making us feel very welcome and attended to. I believe her name was Angela? Sorry if I'm mistaken!! Just went the extra step in service. We are sure to make this place a habit. I'm dying to try the specials! We recommend highly to our friends and family!
4	Food was great, very busy. Liked that they had semi-gourmet options at an affordable price.  Will definitely return.
4	One of the reasons we always come here, is that the food is fabulous and the waitstaff are wonderful. We love it when we get Warren to be our waiter.  Warren is very personable, he knows the menu very well, and aims to please.  I was a little disappointed in the person who sat us today. She is tall with white blond hair and was very standoffish.  I asked her If there were any booths. she said yes but none were available I said okay tables are fine but she didn't have any of those either and then we finally said  we would on the patio. She placed us at the first table she plopped down the menus and walked away to talk with her friends.  She didn't even ask if this table was okay.  Warren came right away and all my anger at the blonde lady went away.  Thank you Warren.
2	I love this restaurant, the food is great. The reason for only 2 stars is it really needs gluten free bread. Every time my husband wants to go I remind him, no GF options whatsoever. I'm recommending let's start with GF bread, it's easy! And it would go a long way with your customers. Thank you so much, GF in Mesa :-)
1	I do not understand how this place is still in business, let alone the good reviews. I went here a couple of Sundays ago and it was one of the grossest and least satisfactory meals I've ever had. First, the place is crowded. I'm surprised they aren't violating the fire code they have jammed so many tables into the space. Second, it is just a gross and dirty place. It isn't super obvious but if you look around everything is covered in dust and grease, from the fake plants to the hot sauce bottles. Even the plates are scratched and dingy gray. Third, service was terrible, truly bad. I don't know if we just got a bad apple or what but we were just forgotten. No coffee refills, no syrup, no check ins. Fourth, the food. I had chicken fried steak. This might have been the most visually unappealing thing I've ever put in my mouth. It came with biscuits and eggs and everything was just slopped together on the aforementioned dingy gray plate. The eggs (yolks busted) were thrown on top. It looked like someone dropped it on the floor and then scraped it back on the plate. It tasted similarly and I ate literally one bite of each thing. Not that the server cared or noticed. Frankly, breakfast places like these are a dime a dozen and every single one that I have been to (Biscuits, The Good Egg, Over Easy) has been 10 times better than this place. Whoever owns this place needs to seriously consider investing some time into staff training and some money into revamping the atmosphere and decor.
5	Outstanding! Best burger in the East Valley! Server (Byron) was one of the best servers I've experienced anywhere.  Food was delicious and well prepared.
4	The food is always amazing here. The only complaint I have is the wait time for your waitress to come back to the table, given it is always very busy so that kinda comes with it. Love Crackers!
4	In our area of northeast Mesa, this has been our go-to breakfast place. The place is always busy on the weekends, but we have never been let down by the food. One of my favorites is probably the Cali Eggs Benedict! Love the avocado with the hollandaise. Yum!  My mom loves their french dip and boyfriend loves their bacon burger. The service can be slow at times,  but the servers, or at least the ones I have had, are always super nice and accommodating. The one time I ordered take out for brunch,  it turned out to be a bit of debacle because it was so busy. I should have know though, but the food was still good and packed with all the fixings to silverware to jams and butter. We will keep coming here as we have never been dissapointed.
5	I enjoyed the California Eggs Benedict.Food excellentAtmosphere excellentService - Warren gave excellent service.Price Total bill for one including coke: $13.75 plus taxManagement stopped by to see how everything was. I think this is excellent customer service. She was great.Clean - yesMenu - large variety
3	Pretty good food here, but the service is a little slow. I still recommend eating here if you handle the slow service.
