5	Yes, please!Love In & Out. #2 Animal Style is like sex.
5	OK this particular one isn't the one I think I'm talking about but hey In-n-Out is always good (i mean always fresh!)Anyhow, if you are off strip - it's defnitely worth it.I've been so desparate as to take a cab here through the drive through just for some decent sustenance that isn't going to cost me more than an Andrew Jackson!
4	In-N-Out is one of the places you seek out when you're sick of crappy buffets and shitty $3.99 steak and eggs and you want some good, cheap food to remind you of home. It's pretty hard to beat a Double Double with some fries...unless of course you're going to Fatburger over on The Strip.
5	Sometimes class isn't high heels and a slinky black dress...not that I don't look good in it.  Sometimes class isn't a martini shaken not stirred...especially with some good Banker's Club gin.  Sometimes class isn't a Picasso hanging in a mansion...it could be a LSD induced caricature of your arresting officer on one ply jail toilet paper. This time class is a double double animal style with freshly cut animal style fries and a small coke. This time class is a chain burger joint that won't over expand and lose the quality. For those of you who have never truly lived...and by that I mean someone who has never went to In-N-Out Burger...this is the single greatest burger joint in the United States of America...hands down. Sure...White Castle is great and you need something to flush out the evil the next day...but if you aren't looking for some weird burger cleansing ritual than this is the place to go. The meat is never frozen. The fries are cut fresh all day. The burgers are cooked to order. It takes a little longer, and you will not get in and out very quickly...but class like this isn't done quickly.I admire In-N-Out because they refuse to compromise their style and you can taste it in every bite. Go. Go as often as possible when you find one.This is class. This is love. This is living.
4	Ok this one is a tough one. When I moved here. I missed California and all it's eclectic foods and diversity. But In and Out is a staple there. So when I saw it here. It was very homey.  I missed having my protein style and and animal style burgers. double doubles, 3x3, and 4x4. One thing about fries or for you Belguim homies/French Homies Pomme Frites. First of all you gotta get all the moisture out when you're cooking fresh fries from Idaho potatoes. So you gotta cook it twice so it's crispy. No one likes a limp fry. Most women like it crispy and golden and soft and gushy in the middle when you take a bite steam rushes out in ooey goodness when dipped in ketchup. Yea...that was hot....So this is what makes this place cool. Old Fashioned drive in 50's feel. Feels homey like california. Burgers with secret styles. Simple Menus. Yummy Thick shakes! Bad things..FRIES...Eat em animal style to simulate a fully loaded baked potato. But be prepared to clog your arteries. Mmmm Mayo...
5	Best fast food burger in the history of fast food burgers. Tiny menu: Hamburger, Cheeseburger, Double-Double, Fries, Shakes, and Soda. That's all! Perfect. Always a double double for me with a big fat stinky onion on it. Oh, and they seem to hire good kids... Pretty much always good fast food service.
1	From a guy who lives in chicago, the best place in the world to eat..this place has horrible burgers. Yes, they are much better then most of the food you can get in Vegas, but I just cant understand why people seem to like them..there is nothing particularly special about a large greasy burger with the gimmick of putting as many patties on it as you want.My parents used to own a business right down the street off of tropicana I believe and coming from green valley wed drive by this place all the time..and every once in a while wed stop by. As a kid i didnt like it that much..but then coming back when i was in my 20's to party in Vegas i tried it again and realized just how bad it is.If you're an out of towner from the east or midwest, dont bother eating here, you can get better food at any local beef/hot dog joint. If your from Vegas or the west..enjoy, because its better then most the food you can get out there.
5	In N Out hasn't failed me yet!  The old faithful.  A group of six famished people walked in, waited 5 minutes to order, another 15 minutes to get their food, and all was well...  The burgers were tasty and cooked to perfection.  The fries were served as we requested - well done, regular, and light.We devoured our meal in less than 30 minutes, with all the ruckus you expect to find in the restaurant, especially with it being the closest In N Out on Vegas' Strip...  Is it any wonder that we had order number 64 and by the time we left they cycled through and we walked out when order 77 was being called...  Over a hundred customers in less than an hour.  In-N-Out rocks my socks!!!
5	I hate to admit it, but this In-and-Out joint does California proud!  The burgers are cooked to the point where I am almost in disbelief that its fast food.  The fries were just right, with just enough crisp and just enough sog short of being totally limp.  Its a good spot to stop at when the late night cravings scream from the fast food depraved belly.
5	Hands down the champ of fast food burgers...fast, Fresh, FABULOUS!!  The reason I rent a car in a town where cabs/trams/moving walkways rule...i gotta have a ride to In N Out!double double grizzly style...grrrrrrrrrrrrr!anyone wanna drive down to cali/nevada and go get one now?!
5	It's not "In AND Out," it's "In n Out." Try it. Rolls off the tongue a bit more pleasantly, eh?OH MY GOD I LOVE THIS PLACE. They are always so friendly in the drive thru. They greet you with a sweet, "Hello, how are you doing today?" Not, "WOULD YOU LIKE TO TRY OUR NEW..." to which I always respond, "You know, I was thinking about it, but since you asked, no. I will never try your new...."So, anyway, first of all, they are so friendly. They always anticipate my needs. For example, I was asked if I wanted onion on the double-double I just ordered, and I said I was unsure because it was for a friend. He replied, "That's okay, I'll just put it on the side for you."So, friendliness ... oh, and they have never, EVER messed up my order. I always order my burgers with ketchup, mustard, pickles, and grilled onions, and that is always how I receive them. Oh, and we haven't even talked about the fries yet. In n Out fries are the bizzomb.I very seldom get a hankerin' for a burger and fries, but when I do, this is where I go. I feel bad for all my friends in Chicago and Cinci, who have never experienced In n Out.
5	I get to Las Vegas more than the West Coast nowadays so this joint deserves a mandatory visit.  Looks like every other In N' Out.  Tastes like every other In N' Out.  Damn good.Check out my added photo of my animal style double double and animal style fries!
5	If this were on the strip, it would have the longest line in town.Solid for lunch, dinner, and late-night.
5	Great food!! Another bonus:  it's usually less crowded at lunchtime than the other locations around town.
2	Did I miss it, or has no one mentioned that Las Vegas can be proud that it was the birthplace of the 100x100 ( http://whatupwilly.blogspot.com/2006/01/in-n-out-100x100.html )?  OK, back to our regularly scheduled program.Coming from the East Coast, I wasn't familiar with In 'N' Out Burger, but it was hard to ignore the paeans promulgated by its passionate proponents. Like others, I enjoyed the old time feel of the place, and the secret menu is both fun and useful. Armed with such terms as "animal style" and "well done", I was ready to do battle. My order? A double double, and French fries animal style.I gotta tell ya, I was a little disappointed. Yes, it's a good burger. For a fast food chain, it's a very good burger...but a fast food burger nonetheless. More disappointing were the fries. I thought the fries themselves were soft and bland (I would return at a later date, and get my fries well done, but they were no better). Animal style was a definite improvement, but still not a sublime experience.Was I expecting too much? Did the five minute trip to my room cause the fries to lose their edge? Am I a hamburger cretin? Maybe, but I think it's mostly that there's only so much you can do with a mass produced patty of ground beef.  Two stars.
5	If you grow up in California, In N Out is a staple amongst the fast food burgers. In N Out just IS. It has a specific taste that sometimes we west coasters just crave. I know there are indigenous cuisine from the East Coast that we may not understand, but a burger and fries from here simply cannot be substituted by anything else. I'm a fan of the fries because they taste like potatoes, sometimes I think people don't want their french fries to taste like real potato's and in that case, go somewhere else ha ha!!!Nothing can replace the goodness of an In N Out burger, one must experience it!
4	My first ever In-N-Out was here! I am now hooked.
5	Hmmm, I'm having a hard time rating In-N-Out.  One one hand, their burgers are so much better than almost any burger out there, fast food or otherwise, and therefore should be a 5 star....but if I compare it to Fatburger, I'd say its only a 4 star...Ah, heck with it, 5 star it is.  My only complaint about In-N-Out is the fries.  I don't know why I don't like them, I think that they're too fresh, as they taste too much like a raw potato to me.  Freeze them first or something!The burgers themselves are just as good as Fatburger's, and are just plain amazing.  I typically go with Animal Style, but even the normal is great.In-N-Out is one of the few things I really miss about Vegas.  Too bad they're not a franchise, I'd love for one to open up in the Dallas area.
4	I can still remember when I had my first In-n-out burger. It was the summer of 2001. One bite and I was hooked. Unfortunately I was only visiting and there is no such thing as an In-n-out burger where I live. So imagine my excitement when I saw this one in Vegas. There was a wait (as usual) but it moved swiftly which my hungry tummy truly appreciated!It truly did not disappoint. My burger was so fresh and juicy! I do have to take off one star only because I just don't like the fries. I'm not quite sure. They just taste funny to me. I think it's because my body is programmed to like frozen fries! lol
5	This is a fantastic In 'N' Out Burger!!  The sign will draw you in (HUGE!).  As usual, the food is fantastic!!  And it's VEGAS BABY!
5	How apropos is it that the first In-N-Out cheeseburger I ever had was in Sin City? Ten years of meat abstinence could not quiet my carnal urges. When I started eating meat again, I thought, "Yeah, but I still will never ever eat a burger." Wrong. One bite and I was OBSESSED. I cannot believe I denied my tastebuds of such pleasure for so long.Las Vegas, I blame you entirely for my newfound In-N-Out addiction. Thanks a lot. My fat ass thanks you too.
5	Buffets are for old people!Picture it, you wake up with a touch of the shakes from all the Bacardi 151 they put in every drink you had last night....your in a fog, your head hurts, and your stomach feels like the floor of frat house after homecoming. Are you really in the mood for a run of the mill buffet?The answer should be a resounding no....you need something greasy and delicious and you need it as fast as humanly possible. In said situation In and Out burger will call to you like a beacon of greasy joy!There menu is simple burger or double burger, cheese or no cheese, and simple is good when you have a touch of the shakes.The food is fast even though the line is out to the street you still get a decent response time. All in all its one of the best burgers for the price I have ever had! I highly recommend In and Out!
5	It's what a hamburger's all about...And it's what you eat when you've gambled away your college tuition and can't afford anything else...at least you got something decent outta vegas
5	Oh my, THE top fast food burger joint in town.  I grew up in LA and was stoked when they finally got an In N Out in Vegas.  Now they are everywhere.  YEAH!The service is GREAT.  That probably has something to do with the amount of money they pay their employees.  If I'm not mistaken, they make something like $10 a hour.  That must be why when I tell them NO PICKLES, I don't get any pickles on my burger.  HAHAHASo, here's what I order when I go, just in case you're unfamiliar with how things work at In N Out.  #1 (Double Double) Animal Style (grilled onions and mustard grilled into burger) NO PICKLE, with a Large Coke.  If you're not a fan of mustard, don't worry, neither am I.  But when they grill it into the burger it's GOOOOD.
5	Growing up in Oregon, I'd never heard of  In & Out, saw the Urge stickers & thought it was some kind of sex activity.  Cheeze booga, cheeze booga, Coke, no Pepsi, fries, no chep chep...
2	People, what is the hype about  In-N-Out Burger? I don't get it. The line wound through the parking lot and practically into the street. Order takers were approaching cars. I thought I was about to get something special and was astounded at how BLAH my burger was. No real seasonings, nothing special in the condiments. The fries were fine, but I am seriously underwhelmed.  A burger from here is not worth standing in line. Sorry.
5	In-N-Out is my FAVORITE fast food in the whole world!  Your meal is prepared by an army of employees in this 1950/60s themed establishment.  The meal portions are appropriate, leaving you satisfied without the gluttonous guilt of McD's, Carl's Jr, or Fatburger.  This particular In-N-Out is very busy since it is right off the Vegas strip.  The drive-thru queue runs 10+ cars at peak hours.  Dine-in orders usually take ~10 minutes.  All of your food is cooked fresh, from non-frozen ingredients. My order: #2, animal styleIncludes: Single patty cheeseburger, french fries, medium fountain drinkTotal Price: $4.70Taste: Delicious!An animal style burger adds extra mustard, pickles, onions and extra thousand island spread.  The animal style request is part of In-N-Out's extensive secret menu.  Here is what you can get:Burgers(1) animal style - see above(2) protein style - no bun, burger wrapped in lettuce(3) veggie sandwich - no meat, no cheese(4) spread - extra packets of the thousand island dressing(5) extra toast - bun is cooked longer(6) flying Dutchman - two patties, two slices of cheese(7) extra everything - extra spread, tomato, lettuce, onions(8) m by c - M meat patties and C slides of cheese (i.e. 3 by 3, 2 by 4)(9) double meat - two patties, no cheese(10) triple meat - three patties, no cheeseDrinks & Shakes(11) lemon up - 1/2 lemonade, 1/2 7-up(12) Arnold Palmer - 1/2 lemonade, 1/2 tea(13) root beer float - vanilla shake with root beer(14) Neapolitan shake - strawberry/vanilla/chocolate shake(15) choco-vanilla swirl shake - chocolate/vanilla shakeOther Sandwiches(16) grilled cheese - self explanatoryFries(17) fries with cheese - adds two slices of melted cheese on top(18) fries well - cooked longer to be extra crisp(19) fries light - cooked in less time(20) animal style fries - fries with cheese, spread and onions
5	oh, come on! you know i had to get my In-Out-Burger on!i've been feening for this food for too long. hmm... it's been exactly one year since my last fix. yeah, i talk about this place like it's Heroin. people get addicted to it!!! i don't even like burgers all that much... but this place will convert you. muahaha. you don't have to do much to impress a gal like me. seriously...i can settle with cheap eats. =) the employees are always sweet and cool... our orders were pretty confusing. they made no mistakes. wow- i miss people being polite to me.
2	I don't understand why people rave about this place.  The burgers are so so.  The burgers and fries here taste more of salt than anything else. My gf loves this place but I can't understand why.  I'll eat a whopper any day over this.
5	Cheap? Check.Fast? CheckTasty? Checkity CheckIn-N-Out locations in Dallas? DENIED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!To quote 90's icons Beavis and Butthead, "That is the suckiest suck that ever sucked!"
5	SO YUMMY. A great guilty pleasure in Vegas. Oh wait, what isn't there? I had just your basics - cheeseburger and fries, chocolate shake. Can't go wrong.Good service and quick - lots of lines here but they get through them quick. I miss it and it's DEFINITELY on the list for going back (at least twice, three preferably) the next time I'm in Vegas or any other city that has them. Go eat!
4	I love this location. Its the standard issue but they are FULLY staffed and its so close to the STRIP you see lots of hot babes frequent the joint. This location typically has several differnet car clubs and motorcycle groups that meet to show off their wheels. And of course the food is typical IN & OUT and they love to se the special orders like the 10x10(10 beef pattys,10 cheese slice on a bun) They see lots of Competitive Eaters here. As afar as burgers go this place is ACES!
3	My first In-n-Out experience.  Was around midnight this past Saturday.  Drive-thru was pretty busy so I was very excited anticipating my de-virginization (is that a word?)!!  Anyway, since I had done my Yelp research I knew what I wanted to order:  Cheeseburger, Animal-style Fries and Dr. Pepper.  When I arrived at order box, the male voice asked me if I wanted ketchup or extra "spread"....Well, honestly, I cannot understand why its "all that"!  Perhaps if its something you grew up eating, you connect the food to a memory?  And since I didn't grow up eating In-N-Out...no connection for me.  (Kinda how I feel about certain 80's bands - they may not be the best musically but I connect them to a time or place and it makes them better - at least in my own mind.)  Anyway - sorry for diverting here to music from food.  I mean, it was edible and not greasy but, well, not spectacular food.  the pickles on burger were pretty good.  The animal fries were ok, not like anything I'd had...have never put thousand island dressing on french fries before.  However, adding that to cheese and pan-fried/browned onions wasn't too bad.  I can see stopping for the animal fries again, after a few drinks....
4	A simple menu for a basic carryout business. At a moments glance you have this 1950's ice cream soda pop shop vibe, which adds to the experience of the In-N-Out Burger. Yes, it is true this is the spot for cheap eats, but expect to wait your turn because there will be a line depending what time you go. We went around 5PM or so and it was busy.I do like the fact you can observe your food being prepared and that they use real ice cream for the milk shakes. What's even better is the off the menu items and ordering terminology this place has. If you don't know what I'm talking about...you better ask somebody or keep reading the previous reviews.Although Las Vegas is known for their extreme buffets, try and slip away for a moment for a juicy...but messy cheeseburger. It's worth every bite!
2	Disappointing.  The shake was good and the burger average... but these were some of the WORST fries I have ever had.  I remember visiting an In-N-Out Burger in San Diego years ago and it being great, so I'm not sure if I've just grown out of it, if the food has changed in the last 5 years, or if this was just a bad one.
5	I adore all IN-N-OUT, but I have to give a shout-out to this particular location..My friends were drunk off their Zombies from Frankie's and requested we take them to In-n-Out for a "snack". Not wanting to ruin our dinner, my drunk friend requested that we have a double double, but cut into 4 pieces so make it easier for the 4 of us to share. The burger came out perfectly cut into 4 neat pieces. Fast food with great service.. I love it! The burger was incredible, obviously...
1	This is the most overrated place in existence.  The menu is limited, the fries taste like cardboard, and the burgers are thin, thin scrawny little patties.  I don't get it, and I certainly don't eat there anymore
2	If you like basic bland burgers that you could probably cook yourself by buying those pre-shaped beef patties and slapping them on the grill at home (topped off with your basic condiments on a plain bun), then this is probably your kind of place.  Also, the fries are thin, overly salted, and basic.I will give props to the shakes, which are very good and thick.All told, it's a basic burger joint that so happens to be open at ungodly hours so you can get your post-buzz fix after partying all night.  At least the prices are reasonable...
2	Visitors to Las Vegas will probably enjoy In-N-Out Burger, especially this one. I personally do not prefer this style of burger, but lots of people do especially if you grew up in and around an In-N-Out Burger. Me, personally? I grew up where hamburgers and fries are a bit tastier. But each to his own. Make sure to plan plenty of time to stand in line and puhLEEZ...especially if you don't drive on this street very often...don't even THINK about turning left out of the parking lot and crossing Sahara against traffic at ANY hour of the day. Wind your way around the parking lot to the traffic signal at either side of the parking lot and do us ALL a favor.On behalf of all Nevada residents, we're happy you are here, but please be more careful driving on 7-lane undivided major thoroughfares like Sahara. Every...single...day I see a California plated vehicle or an obviously-rented vehicle broadsided by another car (or two or three).If you like this In-N-Out, you're welcome to it and we're glad you and your friends enjoy it...but PLEASE drive carefully as you exit the drivethru :) so you can keep your luck in the slot machines and not on the side of the road :)Happy Gambling!
5	Double doubles make me cream in my pants.Oh how I love you. I miss you!
4	Like most East Coasters, I couldn't help but give in to the hype surrounding this near mythical West Coast chain.  People I know swear by it.  People I know would take a bullet for it.  And if it's animal style, I'm fairly certain I could find someone I know who would like to romance it in way that would make even the most jaded internet reader blush.So fully consumed by a propaganda campaign the likes of which haven't been seen since Maoist China, a visit to In-N-Out was number one on my "to do list" for Vegas.  Hype can do nasty things to expectations, and when you finally settle down to enjoy what people have been clamoring about for years it can easily go south."I don't get it?"  "I've had better."  "Hey, where's the cream filling?"But luckily, that wasn't the case here.  In-N-Out fans and In-N-Out virgins I am here to say that this place DELIVERS.I ordered my burger double double animal style with no lettuce and tomatoes as instructed by my Californian compadre.  And what I bit into was pure burger bliss.  Have I had better burgers?  Sure.  But that's not the point.  This was damn satisfying on every level.  And it was dirt cheap as well.  This my friends, is fast food done right.  It was like a Big Mac but improved in every way possible.And a shout out goes to the fresh cut fries, which where a nice touch as well.So kudos to you West Coast.  I guess you've delivered, and warmed the heart of this East Coast cynic.  Maybe we'll keep you guys around after all...
3	I don't get it. These burgers are grossly overrated. Secret menu, schmenu. Google it if you don't know what I'm talking about. The secret menu is like having their burgers your way. I do like their fries, however this location is busy and it takes time for food so there is a bit of a wait. Can that be said about all of their locations? Wasn't so in LA. ?! All kinds of characters here, like the little 7 year old chiquita that loved ketchup so much she was willing to splat her face in it. How cute. What is up with these burgers other than a plain thin patty, a butt load of lettuce and tomato and some salad dressing for sauce, that too it's not the tastiest sauce. Put some Big Mac sauce on it and that's tasty. Snooze alert.  Burger boredom.
5	I feel so sorry for those on the east coast because frankly I don't think I could survive without in-n-out. My own little taste of California. Words cannot describe the coma I drift into after a satisfying #2 meal. It hits the spot!I like the cheeseburger with grilled onion and extra pickles, and the french fries animal style. YUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMY!Always go through the drive thru -  it's a clutch after the club when there's nothing decent open.
3	I'm not sure why everyone loses their shit over In-N-Out Burger. I mean, they're good, but I've had better. This joint was absolutely busting to the seams with hungry folks looking for their fast food fix on a Wednesday at lunch time. The lines were long, the wait for our food was substantial and the seating is scarce. Ugh. As for the food? Well, the burgers are pretty tasty, but Portillo's in Chicago stomps this competition for my favorite fast food burger. The toppings, like the tomatoes and lettuce are crisp and fresh, but the burger itself is thin, sad and unsubstantial. Good, but not great.  And if I'm being honest, my stomach wasn't quite right after lunch.The fries? Kinda soggy. They require lots of ketchup. And what's up with the menu? Hamburger, cheeseburger or double burger? That's it? No chicken? WTF?
5	Anyone from the east coast that does not visit an In and Out Burger when visiting the west coast is a fool.  Fries and burgers... that's it and they do them fresh and they do them right.  I rent a car just to insure I get to visit one.
4	OK the perfect IN and OUT dinner requires stratagy, two cars and perfect timing. First send Car A. to in&out to get your dd animal style, dd protein style and your shakes. Once Car A. is in second position in the drive thru, Car B approachs the drive through at Mc Donalds and orders 2 large fry no salt of course so they are hot as possible. Then race home and gorge on the best burger, fry, shake combo available to man(through a fast food zone)!
5	Life Changing is the only term I can describe this.   I asked the guy behind the counter what is the normal as I have heard of IN-N-Out but never ordered it and he said double double and some fries and shake.   I got all that and really couldn't have asked for much more in life.   The burger was perfect, the fries amazing and the shake perfect.I like burgers, but a lot of times get all mad at people saying 5 guys is good.   This place is by far the best I've EVER had.   Period.I think you should all go here immediately and try it out.   Thank me later.
3	As far as In-N-Outs go, this one was just A-OK.  We were so excited to have in n out burgers animal style and took a cab specially just to get here. But this is definitely not the most orgasmic.  They were totally lacking on the animal style sauce in the burger so it was a bit dry.
5	My good friend Kevin and I went here to eat.  It was so yummy, but In-N-Out is always good. We worked all day at the Convention Center and then we sat in a bar drinking some Johnny Walkers, when he said, "Hey you wanna grab some dinner!" Well this is Vegas and we always seem to find ourselves in some overpriced fancy restaurant on the strip spending way too much money for food.  In-N-Out was a perfect stop...I wish they would build one on the Strip.It was fun to go with Kevin because he is a local California guy but he is the first California person to actually teach me something knew about  In-N-Out.  I have known about the secret menu for years but Kevin introduced me to the In-N-Out Hot Peppers...I had no idea we could get these for our burger and they were spicy hot.I also think I might have taught Kevin something too...but he would not admit it.  He got his fries animal style and I got my fries well done.  We decided that it would have been amazing if we got them well done and animal style for the same order...I can not wait to try that.The burgers were amazing but that is always a given...they work magic with there food.  Kevin also talked me into getting shakes too...so we had a feast...we also wore our In-N-Out paper hats and emailed photos to all of our friends/co-workers who were stuck in those boring expensive dinner meetings on the strip.  When we met up later at Haze, we were the talk of the party!  In-N-Out rocks!!!
5	I have been wanting to try In-N-Out forever. On my recent trip to Las Vegas I made forever into now. It was everything I had ever dreamed of since I heard 2Pac rap about it back in the '90s, not to mention my partner in crime has gone on and on about them too. This finally came to fruition after walking about two miles and then also almost getting hit by a car (apparently crosswalks mean nothing in Vegas).I had the double double, animal style, with fries, animal style and a lemonade. Absolutely amazing. The burgers were so much better than anticipated. I was so glad I finally got to try it. It sucks so hard there are none back here in Chicago. The animal style really adds a lot of flavor to an already very tasty burger. The wait was a bit long, though there were a ton of people in there. It has a very '50s atmosphere that brings a little bit extra awesome to eating at boring old fast food places. The fries were really good too. This was confirmed by my vegetarian that accompanied us. He also had the naked burger which is just like a grilled cheese with all the toppings on it. He said that was alright, but really enjoyed the fries. Nice and crispy, and hot too.All in all this was everything I wanted. And it really makes me regret not living out west as we could have it all the time. Ugh, I want some nowwwww.
4	Ok. I'm a little bummed out. After hearing about In-N-Out all this time, I was expecting something out of this world. Like Wham-o! Pow! Kazaaaam! I'm not saying the burger was bad. It was pretty good, but not the best. (I am a fan thought) I had the 3 By 3 Animal Style ---- it's huge, cheap, and 3 notches above most of the chain places. I would definitely visit again when I am out in the west coast.
4	Trust me - go here and get the number 1, Animal Style, and you can thank me later. It's the best burger anywhere.For those who are really interested, there is a "secret" menu that allows you to order food protein style (no bun), or a triple or even a quad, or the mythical grilled cheese.  I advise you to avoid the grilled cheese, but everything else is great.  I like to sub a milkshake for the included beverage, and you can't go wrong with this option.
1	This location killed In-N-Out Burger for me. I don't know what it was, but the burgers and especially the fries were the worst I've had at one of these chains. Was sad, because I was bringing my boyfriend to In-N-Out for the first time and I had to admit that it wasn't very good.To be specific.... the fries were limp and greasy and the burger was over-saturated and just not good eating overall.
5	Another great In-N-Out Burger with pleasant employees and great food.You can't go wrong.
5	best. burger. in. the. world.
4	My friend who moved out to  Vegas has been RAVING about this burger joint. "OMG you gotta try In-Out-Burger". "Its sooo good".I tell ya  the In-N-Out burgers are Really Really good. The burgers are really tasty. I like how i its loaded with leafy crispy lettuce and fresh onions. The burgers are on the small size. Their fries are crinkle cut.  During my stay in Vegas I had eaten here about 3 times. I was addicted.There's no In-N-Out Burgers in New York or the east coast that I know of. The closet thing similar to it in my opinion would  would say is Shake Shack.So to all my East Cost people if your on the West side- Do yourself a favor and try yourself some In-N-Out Burger and 4 get the Mickey D's and the Burger Kings.
5	its in n out...of course its amazing! just order a #2 with grilled onions and you can then die happy. i usually go here whenever i start to feel homesick (im from california) anyhow....check it out!
4	Hands down the best fast food burger chain in the world.  In-N-Out always delivers the goods. Tip: Do it animal style.
4	What can I say, In-N-Out Burger is delicious! I went on Monday night pretty late and ordered the #2 animal style with a chocolate milk shake. The burger tasted great, the vegetables seemed fresh and the animal style fried onions add a little extra kick.. My fries were also great and had just the right amount of salt. Finally, there is nothing like washing down a burger and fries with chocolate milkshake. This is one great fast food joint.
4	Pretty good burger ...mine was hot and fresh and the driver through person was even nice.....good eats for real cheap!
5	i moved to the bowels of Las Vegas about 6 months ago from southern California.the one thing i miss the most about SoCal is In-N-Out.luckily the California staple is well represented out here in Vegas.over the past 6 months i have lost about 40lbs and abstained from pretty much all junk food.last Wednesday was the day i rewarded myself.pulled into the drive-thru and ordered a Double Double animal style with fries and root beer.i was greeted by friendly and cute jailbait and got my grub.found a spot in the parking lot and took a huge bite out of the burger.my tastebuds orgasmed and i had a near-psychedelic experience as i recalled my teenage years of eating In-N-Out in the car while stoned as a mother and blasting heavy metal music.after the 1st bite, i stopped blasted some tunes and continued my feast.the burger seemed to talk to me with each bite saying, "EAT ME!OH YES, TAKE A BIGGER BITE, CHEW HARDER, FASTER!EAT ME!"eat her i did.
2	Seriously, what is all the hype about? The fries have no flavor and are soggy.  The burgers are bland.  Special sauce?  What's so special about a ketchup-mayo-mustard-relish mix? I'm sorry, but I'd rather have a Wendy's burger any day.
5	Inn-n-out, what can I say?!?!?! It's my favorite burger, I dream of it, I crave it. First thing I do when I get off the plane at LAX, is head to Inn-n-out! If I'm ever anywhere within an hour of one, you bet I'm headed there. So, when I realized there was one in Vegas during my last trip, you know I went!I really think it's my favorite, because it's simple fresh ingredients, cooked to order, and inexpensive! Don't forget to ask for grilled onions on your burger, and get the fries well done! I'll walk out with two double-doubles and an order of fries for around $7! WOW!
5	Animal Style all the way!  If you don t know the secret menu your missing out :)
5	If you've been to one In N Out, you've been to them all. Delicious burgers, cute girls who work there, and a feeling of happiness when you leave there. The meat is perfectly prepared, the produce is crisp, and the bread is perfect. The fries are ok, too. Also, if you've never been there, you need to search for their "secret" menu online. It'll open up your eyes!
5	In-N-Out is awesome!  The fries are so fresh and the burgers are soooo tasty!  I always get the double double without cheese of course!  I hate cheese.  They are very efficient and the line moves really quick.  The service is great.  I never had a bad experience at In-N-Out yet!  I will continue to come here when I can.  =)  Oh and I forgot, the animal style is pretty good too!  If you haven't tried it yet then you need to!
4	Order your fries Animal Style with no Spread....
4	Memorial Day Weekend, 2011 will be known as A.INO 1 (After In'N'Out Burger).  My life before that was pure prologue.  I enjoyed my inaugural In'N'Out experience.  The double double with fries was excellent.  For me, what sets In'N'Out apart is the freshness of the accoutrements - the lettuce and tomato were crisp and delicious.  The beef and cheese were tasty as well, but as a Chicagoan, I've had the same flavors at Billy Goat and Wolfy's.  They, like In'N'Out, have excellent, fresh ground beef.The fries at In'N'Out are superior in that they are thin and crispy - thin yellow fries a la McDonald's, but fresher, and (sadly) much shorter.  What is up with half inch fries?  But that is a minor quibble to their usability.  They were quite tasty.  What I loved most was the chocolate milk shake -- loaded with chocolate and very creamy.  A five dollar shake at half the price, and it did not even need the bourbon.I won't go into In'N'Out withdrawal, but I was very pleased to experience it in the desert sun.
5	In-N-Out burger. Oh its one of the go to spots when I am in Vegas. its In-n-out. Sonic & Mens Coach Factory outlet. Btw, this is the less sketchy in-n-out burger location. The other one near the strip isn't so great.The taste has never changed since I remember the first time eating here many many years ago, which is a good thing!I got me a 3x3 and animal style fries. Oh boy was I in calorie Heaven! Everything was fresh as they can be. The fries was piping hot. The burger literally just came off the grill.I have to try the milk shake since that's what everyone keeps on raving about and I'll go over the top and add grilled onions.I will keep on coming back and visiting this location every time i'm in town!oh btw, there was this hella cute white boy with a birth mark / mole on his face either operating the deep frier for the fries or putting the animal style condiments on the fries on Sunday, June 26, at about  4pm. Add me on Facebook! www.facebook.com/edgarmadrid
4	Your standard, crazy, always busy location......and worth it!  Go for the double/double combo animal style, and thank me later (after you recover from bliss).
5	The food is awesome.. I love in n out burger nothing compares.. typically I give places that are really awesome 4 stars.. but this paticular location gets an extra star.. do you wanna know why.. ITS BECAUSE OF THE LEMONS!! they are perfect.. go for the burgers.. but stay for the lemons.. they are cut so perfect I just want to squeeze them..
3	Had to eat here just because.Ordered as Single Burger Meal.  Burger was good.  Didn't care for the Fries not really crispy with a fluffy interior as you would get with the double fry technique.  For the price a good value.Establishment itself was clean.Don't think I'll go here again.  If I do I'll do the "off the menu choice" Animal style.  At the most i would go with a double but that's just stretching it.  Meat ratio get too much from me in my opinion.  Need the right proportion of meat and other stuff.
5	Five stars for a fast food burger you ask?  Well it's my favorite, and always consistent.  Fries are a must and although I don't drink soda anymore, this is one of those rare exceptions that I will make, as it just compliments the whole experience.  For as fast food burger it doesn't get any better than this!
3	The menu at In-N-Out Burger is as simple as it gets: you can order a hamburger, a cheeseburger or a double-double (double meat and cheese), which are served with or without fresh or grilled onions. Fries and soft drinks are also available, as are three varieties of shakes, but that's about it.So what makes a visit to In-N-Out something many visitors to Vegas have to do? Aside from the fact they use natural, fresh ingredients, keep their restaurants very clean, and treat their employees very well, they've also created a mystique about themselves by limiting their stores to California, Arizona, Utah, and Nevada, and developing a cult-like following of carnivores in the process. While their burgers are superior to what you might find at the fast food outlets run by a shifty clown or creepy king, some describe their burgers and shakes as fast food bliss, and it's not uncommon for some guests to make it their first stop in Vegas from the airport while en route to their hotel.Price is also a factor, as you can easily feed two for under $15, and for as little as $10 if you don't want to gorge yourself.And then there's the whole "secret menu" thing. Walk up to the counter and ask for your burger "animal style" and receive extra pickles, extra spread (their secret sauce), grilled onions and mustard fried onto the patty. Or ask for a grilled cheese sandwich, or a protein-style burger (served without the bun), or opt for their 3x3s or 4x4s (three burgers and three slices of cheese, or four burgers and four slices of cheese). While a 44 is the maximum, some stores will allow their zealots to go a little crazy with orders for a 2020, and an infamous 100100 was once ordered right at thilocation here in Vegas.Unfortunately, there's no In-N-Out Burger located strip side, so you will need a car to get to one. If you've rented a car, your best best is taking a quick, two-minute drive behind New York-New York on South Dean Martin Drive just off West Tropicana Avenue (route 593). Walking there is not advised. Don't do it.If you don't have a car, taking a cab is always an option, but I would recommend heading to the location at 2900 West Sahara Avenue to avoid traffic and for getting the most bang for your buck. It's a $15 cab ride (each way) from the middle of the strip, but you can make the most of your trip by stopping into Palace Station, which is just down the street. You can also save the cab fare and get to this In-N-Out location using public transportation. Just hop on the Strip and Downtown Express Bus heading north from one of its many strip-side stops, and transfer onto the 204 at Sahara and Santa Paula heading west. This trip will cost $5 (which will let you use the city's buses for two hours), or spring for the 24-hour pass that is a bargain at $7 and will give you enough time to explore downtown Vegas and the Fremont Street Experience, the World Market Center, and the Las Vegas Premium Outlets the next day, and meet a bunch of interesting characters on your travels. Just stay away from the shifty clowns.
5	As an LA transplant I have a soft spot in my cold heart for In-N-Out.  The other chains (I'm especially looking at you, Five Guys) can suck In-N-Out's beef juices.  In-N-Out reigns supreme for best burger for your bucks.  It's no surprise Five Guys copied their restaurant decor & color-scheme, the "our beef is never frozen" tagline, our "potatoes are cut in to fries in-house" and so on.
1	Grimiest one I have ever been to. Horrible service, horrible burgers and ultimately disgusting bathrooms. It's probably my fault for coming all the way to Las Vegas and deciding to eat at an In-N-Out.
3	Maybe the novelty of In-n-Out has worn off on me. I didn't find this location to be any different than the ones I used to eat at in California, but I guess my tastes have matured. For all the hype and history, in the end it's just a fast food burger (although a decent one).
5	On this particular occasion, I was with some out of town, first timers :) We got fries EVERY STYLE to feed a bunch of us. The server taking our order was extremely patient with the whole process.Arrived at 12:30am on a Saturday. The place was clean and well staffed. Everything was stocked and the wait time was reasonable considering the number of customers. What more can you really expect from a fast food spot?? Still, the impressed by with little things, like polite recommendations and bringing food out to people when they don't hear their number called.Well don't folks. Considering the crap location, they pull off a great presentation.
4	Double double animal style.
5	I am somewhat new to In-N-Out phenomenon (the last couple years). As far as fast food burgers go, In-N-Out is as good as it gets.Last year I was in Vegas for the college hoops tournament. One evening we made a planned trip to In-N-Out. The cab driver was shocked that we were all so excited to go to a fast food burger place. Coming from the east coast, it is a mini-tradition while in Vegas. If you have a local In-N-Out you just wouldn't understand -- we don't have that luxury.Somehow, even with all the hype, In-N-Out lives up to expectations.
2	This was my first In-N-Out experience. Everyone had been talking about the chain as if it were the second coming. The hubby had loved it in Cali, and I had never had it, so we decided to stop in on our way out of vegas. I officially don't get it. It didn't taste much different than a big mac to me. It was fine, and it was affordable, but hardly worthy of worship.
3	I wanna give this place 3 1/2 stars but will stick with three. The burgers are great but I was surprised how much I did not like the fries. I love most all fries and these were edible but to me they tasted like they were freeze dried. They were very underwhelming to me. My shake was average to good and they prices here were reasonable. This is a place I would visit again if I lived or stayed near one but wouldn't drive out of my way to try it again.
3	I was a little disappointed with this particular visit. I ordered a double double animal style burger n fries. The burger was delicious as always, but my disappointment came when i found out the fries weren't fresh. For a place that's so busy and always wishing out fries w each order, i expected a fresh batch. It came out soggy. Other than that it was good.I also got the milkshake. For $2, it was one of he best I've had. I was so glad to have tried it. My advice.is to save some room for a milkshake or at least share one.
1	it would be hard to imagine a more efficient place to have mammals ground up and fed to the ignorant masses. In all fairness, I did like the simplicity of the menu options. I suppose I just doint like the idea that there is not much to eat that doesnt involve destroying acres of rainforest for grazing land or absurdly horrific factory farms. Yup there are no veggie burgers let alone decent salads here. But if you want to get a helping of something that will help promote breast cancer, diabetes, heart disease or gout, you nailed it here.
5	The undisputed leader of fast hamburger joints; they are giants of chopped meat cuisine and haute fashion (they have an impressive array of t-shirts and other garments/ accessories for sale).  Why don't they come to New York City?  I'll have a double double with cheese. Wait, make that 7 double doubles with cheese. And one of your new design t-shirts (of course you know that I wear an X-Large).
4	3.5 stars~ Walked all the way here from the strip. Arrived in a famished state, since the walk took a lot further than we thought it would. Not my first time at In-N-out. Burger was good but the fries are not that great... kind of tastes like cardboard. But the service was quick and the employees found time to clean the tables between seatings even though it was so crowded. Definitely a place we visit during trips since we don't have an In-N-Out in Washington/Oregon. Super crowded at this location! Don't forget to ask for a hat :)
5	I came through the drive through late last night before hopping on the freeway to head home. It was about 12:50am when I placed my order, #1 no onions with lemonade. Exactly 5 minutes later I received my order in an 'eat in your car' form. I've always known this chain of places to be very consistent no matter where I go. I'm 100% sure I will return sometime soon.
4	They have it down. Like James Brown.Burgers, malts, fries. It's all good and the price is exactly right for the quality. I'd say excellent for fast food, but just okay for a sit down burger.Drive through if you're in a hurry, it's definitely not a super-fast service and they do expect you to know WTF you want when you get up to the counter so study the menu if you have to and order like a pro!
5	Amazing as always, I live for the double double animal style. If you don't like the fries as is, order them extra crispy.
5	Sometimes, unforseen circumstances turn into dates with destiny.I rolled into Vegas on a Saturday afternoon, just to visit my favorite cheesy reality TV locations (Pawn Stars and American Restoration, if you must know).  I planned to stay on the Strip for one night, and spend the wages of sin alone and unsupervised in a neon blur of whiskey and poker chips.But souvenir shopping accomplished, I realized I was not in the mood to stay in Sin City as a solo, squandering my earnings and tarnishing my spirit in a land of debauchery.  Sin is more fun with company.Instead I headed towards Death Valley, a better match for my mood.And there, on the outskirts of town, where the concrerte meets desert, it was.  In-N-Out.  And I was hungry.I had heard the legends.  Tales of mysterious lingo and off-menu items known only to the initated, the In-N-Out Illuminati.I spoke into the speaker words I had been taught to remember, but did not fully understand: "Double double. Animal Style. Chocolate Shake."And life changed.  Forever.Can we build one of these in north Jersey, puh-leeeeeze?
5	Came here for lunch after a long night at the strip and a few hours of rest..service was quick and the dudes were friendly...the place was clean food was great..butt afterall it is in n out haha
5	Food is my biggest weakness. Sometimes I won't even be hungry but will be drawn to eating something because 1. I've never tried it before or 2. because I wont have the chance elsewhere and well this was the case for In-n-out last week in Vegas.We had eaten breakfast at Egg and I that morning and I had stuffed my face with pancakes, bacon, and eggs so I was planning on a light dinner. I spent the rest of the morning driving around and buying foodie goodies at random places I had bookmarked (Popped and Bouchon Bakery) So there had been close to NO exercise being done. When I got back to the hotel one of the first things my sister suggested we  do is go to in-n-out....She had just woken up from a 4 hour nap and she wants fast food? I was close to saying Sorry, no. But wait it's your 2nd to last day and you already decided your bringing Earls on the plane you won't have another chance said a devil voice in my head. Okay I said, let's go.As we walked into In-N-Out  I was instantly transported back in time. The decor, the uniforms, the basic menu were all so 50's. I was a littlesurprised to see how simple the menu was but better for me, less decisions to make. Although I probably would have just stuck to fries at any other fast food place else my inner devil foodie demanded I try a burger so I went with the combo 1, a cheeseburger and fries. My sister ordered before and got the infamous animal fries which I thought were only lathered with their special sauce...WRONG. They had melted cheese, the special sauce and grilled onions. Heartattack on the spot. :-) Honestly I wish I had gone a little hungrier because although I was able to eat half my burger and 1/4 of the fries I didn't get to enjoy it as much as I may have after a night of drinking or on an empty stomach....Regardless, it was fresh fresh fresh for fast food and I was happy to see a guy making the fries from potatoes in the back..I think next time I'll stick to an animal burger and regular fries..I also have never seen such hard workers at a fast food joint, which definitely earns a star in my book! YELP 365: 162/365
1	We love In-n-Out we live in LA and are always there and we are used to get great food and great service. Food was great but their service needs some work. Evan the guy who took our order was rude and kept rushing us when we had 5 orders. He would shut off his headset after every order thinking we were done when we said we had a large order. Then we get up to the window and he try's to short us a fry that we paid for and showed our receipt. We work in retail and customer service and we were just very sad to see that they could just brush us off. He needs some serious customer service training. Very Disappointed.
5	I'm quite into the cheeseburgers and I have wanted to get to In N Out for a looong time. Living on the east coast hasn't made that a possibility until last week. Damn you In N Out burger. You were everything I was told you would be. My double double animal style was pretty much the best fast food style burger ever. Your sauce is unique and delicious. The mustard grilled patty is something I will have to try myself. The onions were all sweet and buttery. The bun, perfect. I hate you for not being anywhere near me. Its not fair. The fries were nothing special. It doesnt matter. The burger was the specialist of the special.As good as everyone says it is......
5	I'm a So Cal native and boy did I miss In and Out when I lived in Colorado. Now that I live in Vegas I didn't think there was any out here. I am absolutely thrilled to have one after all!!Tonights visit was like a little bit of home :)Drive thru line went very quickly, order taker friendly and repeated our order several times. I ordered the double double ketchup mustard only, and boyfriend got the double double animal style without lettuce. French fries were hot and crisp. Food was perfect, good presentation but the only thing negative was we were not offered any ketchup nor was any placed in the box never the less they get a full 5 stars from me!!
2	Meh. Long line, food is ok but it's no Five Guys, that's for Hoover Dam sure.
4	I love ordering a four-patty hamburger, protein style with grilled onions, no cheese and one extra sauce packet!
4	When I want a burger that is inexpensive, fresh, tasty and hits the spot of course this is where I go! I often times will get my fries "animal style" which means loaded with cheese, grilled onion bits and special sauce. Without the extra accompaniments the fries are just plain and dry.I go for the burgers and shakes as they never disappoint!The cleanest and most friendliest burger joint around!Not much to write about as In-N-Out burger is simple, tasty and fast goodness made fresh and ready to go!I wish they would broaden their menu a bit, maybe add onion rings or a few other types of milkshakes such as banana, etc.What they are doing works as their business is always booming so I don't see any future additions to the menu on the horizon, lol.Check out my delicious photos of our most recent visit! :)If they had better fries I would have given a 5 star rating. Enjoy!
3	After reading the reviews (and being from the East Coast), we needed to try In-N-Out Burger on our recent trip to Vegas.I will give it to you guys - it's a good burger, but people seem to go insane for these things!! LOL. Fries are good too. An average fast food chain. Quick and dirty - more emphasis on the 'dirty'.A note to the guy at the Drive-Thru Window: when you ask someone if they want ketchup, and, they reply 'no thank-you' - DO NOT stare at them blankly for 10 seconds like they're from another planet.  I guess you really like ketchup - don't you buddy - LMAO!!If you've never tried, go for it, but, don't go too far out of your way. A hamburger is a hamburger......
3	Step one: Consume adult beverages to a blissful stageStep two: get a taxi cabstep three: give direct orders to hit IN-n-OUT burger stat!step four: arrive at the glory that is the order receiver, order awaystep five: consume, burp, pay for taxi and tip the guy.Not to forget do not stare at the kids at the counter, it is going to be a strange site to see those fresh faces, looking so studious and awake... and not on some high....Double Double Animal Protein style.....
5	Double double with cooked in chilies; fries and a soda.Amazing.Build one of these in Albuquerque, NM right now!
3	Okay so for those of you from California like myself In-N-Out is not something that you freak out for or feel like you have to drive all over town bypassing many other burger joints to eat.... Wait, that is exactly what most California transplants do. I have to say I just don't get it. We happened to be doing In-N-out burger for lunch at work today and I was going to pass and just grab something from the bakery next door but I decided to see just how unlike in n out I could make the burger and well.... It worked. They made my burger exactly how I asked for it, a double double, mustard grilled, with chopped hot peppers.. Yes I said chopped hot peppers and animal style. Now that you have swallowed that In-N-Out put hot peppers on my burger I will just put it out there. In-n-Out is Ov-er-rated. The burgers are not anything that stands out as being all to spectacular and the fries even when you request well done fries so they come out crispy instead of mushy they are still lack luster. My recommendation would be to take out a personal loan from your bank and hit up the nearest fat burger.  Basically it is safe to say that if you have never been to an in-n-out you may want to try it to build your own opinion but it is nothing that really makes me say wow. But if you happen to be a straight cheeseburger enthusiast and don't like any of the extras that you can get at most other places this might be for you.
5	Delicious as always!
4	By far my favorite fast food burger. It does not matter what location, these freshly off the grill burgers are made with premium ingredients and burst in your mouth with every bite.Every location has a long line, but the associates are like a well oiled machine. The service is friendly. Every request is met with a smile.Though their menu is simple, the ability to customize one's burger is exponentially unlimited. Ask for hot peppers and perfection can be improved upon.
5	Why don't you open up in Hawaii?!  I know they don't want to franchise but they would do well here.  Cheeseburger combo, sandwich animal style and peppers please.  Always on the list to do/eat when on the west coast.
5	Hands down the greatest burger place in existence.  PLEASE open in the Chicago area!  P-L-E-A-S-E!!!!
4	Simple menu, great fries, clean and friendly staff. Be prepared to wait and eat in your car if you go at lunch time.
5	Really good but really bad for you at the same time. Double double animal style with animal fries is the way to go.
4	For those few people not familiar with In-N-Out Burger, it is a chain that has a very small list of menu items.  They make hamburgers, cheeseburgers, double doubles (hamburgers with twice the meat) that all come with lettuce, tomato, onion, and a secret sauce.  They also have french fries, sodas, and milkshakes.  That's pretty much everything listed on the menu.  However, those in the know can personalize their burgers in a surprising variety of ways.  My favorite option is protein style where the bun is replaced with a large pieces of crisp lettuce large enough to hold it all together.  Others will order theirs animal style with grilled onions, though I find this messy if you don't have a bun to absorb the extra liquid.  You can also skip the patty altogether and order a grilled cheese sandwich if that is more your thing.I took a trip through the drive through at this location on my way out of Las Vegas.  I ordered my usual favorite - a cheeseburger, protein style, with ketchup instead of the sauce, with onions.  They made it perfectly.  The lettuce, onion, and tomato were crisp, and there was just the right amount of ketchup so that the burger was not dry nor was it soggy.  The fries were crisp, golden, and steaming hot.  I don't know what it is about the fries at In-N-Out, maybe the oil they're fried in, that makes them so tasty.
5	In-N-Out Burger is life...everlasting.Whenever I'm in Vegas (visiting relatives and avoiding the strip, of course), I pop by In-N-Out at least twice, because we don't have them here in NY and are forced to choke down (or in my case- avoid) the factory farmed monstrosity that is McD's.This location: is clean.The service: so friendly and courteous.  The burgers & food: is  thebomb.com and dirt CHEAP!  The beef is freshly ground and juicy, the vegetables are plentiful and crunchy.   The sauce is pure love...and the fries are hot, crispy and with the right amount of salt.And the shakes are heaven!  Thick, creamy, and top-quality.  My only warning to you my friends is that you drink it separately from your meal.  If you do not, your stomach will judge you forever.My east coast friends- if you ever make a trip across the country, please visit the nearest In-N-Out...You won't regret it.
5	Everyone that knows me, knows I LOVE IN-N-OUT!  Yes there is none in Hawaii but if we had one, they would know my name as I would be going there often.  I travel to California and Las Vegas every year for the past 14 years and for the past 10 years I have been eating here at least once every single time.  Yes I truly love this burger, the place (nice and bright and clean), the people (they are always smiling and up-beat and is willing to please), and there is always one some where that I can pull up to and get my fix on.With all that said, I will get into the nitty gritty about this place as most people know that they have a great burger, shake, and fries.  What I am about to write is what I know and have ordered at one time or another just to see which way I like best ( so far I liked them all ).  Yes, what I'm talking about is their secret menu.  Secret menu?  Yes, they have a menu off the menu you see.  It's so that the normal person won't hold up that already long line trying to figure out what you want.  Kind of like Starbucks and all the different ways to order your drinks.  Wait, you didn't know about that too?  Oh boy, that's for another review.  LOLOk the buns here come toasted and burgers are done medium-well.  But you can request that your bun come either no toast or extra toasted.  Make everyone that didn't know you could do it this way and say the two magic words... Medium rare and whoop there it is, a nice pink center that most don't see as they didn't know you could get it this way.Besides the single and double, you can ask for a THREE BY THREE or FOUR BY FOUR.  Yup you guessed it.... You will get a triple or quadruple cheeseburger.  Before, one could order up to a 100 by 100.  Unfortunately, that is a thing of the past. What, you like extra condiments on your burger... No problem as you can get extra for any burger (example for extra mustard) by asking mustard grilled. What the cook will do is put extra mustard on the top of the patty before flipping it so that the flavor soaks into the meat.  Oh yeah!  I'm sure some of you cooks out there is going to try this at home.  I'm sure here and there you will hear someone ask for ANIMAL STYLE (you can get this with almost any burger).  Animal Style is grilled onions cooked in the delicious meat juices which is combined with extra Thousand Island sauce, mustard grilled patties, and extra pickles. (btw this is my favorite at the moment but I also add raw onion, yes you can have both)  What, you're feeling that you want that delicious grilled onions and Thousand Island Sauce on your fries.  YES PLEASE, you can do it by ordering Animal Style fries.  YUMMY!So, you are on a no carb diet!  No problem, you can ask for PROTEIN STYLE.  That's right no buns but you get your burger wrapped in lettuce.  Some Monkish people prefer to keep their rabbit food and carnivore-ish food separate.  If this is you, you can do this by ordering a SALAD ON THE SIDE.  If the employee is a newbie and doesnt know how to do this, then you can ask for extra lettuce, tomatoes, and if you want onions on the side.  To be really sneaky and get the most out of it, you can also ask for an extra packet of spread and BOOM you got yourself your own side salad at no extra cost.Now we come to the FLYING DUTCHMAN. This is for all those who are looking for something Mr. Atkins would come out of his grave and give his stamp of approval.  Two slices of melted cheese between two burger patties.  No bunny food, no carb loading buns, just pure protein.  You could do animal style with this as well but they will but they will put the onions with the cheese but the Thousand Island Sauce and pickles on the side as it would be too messy and get all over you unless that's your thing.  Hey some of you are strange individuals.   You have a friend, (we all have that one friend who is vegan or vegetarian. Yes there is a difference) no problem.  Just ask for the GRILLED CHEESE.  You will get a toasted bun with two slices of American cheese melted perfectly between the two buns.  If you want you can even ask to get the standard lettuce, tomato, and raw onions inside.I like In-N-Out fries but I LOVE McDonald's fries better.  If you are like me, you can order your fries differently as well.  If you want them extra crispy, just say, WELL DONE.  The fries will come out more dry and crunchy. If you like opposite 180 then ask for LIGHT and you will get that limp and oily and just add salt and there you go.  Some like the TWO MINUTE fries which is still crunchy and a little raw in the middle.Last but not least is the shake and floats.  You have the standard choice of chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry shakes.  What you want all three?  You got it!  Ask for the NEAPOLITAN.  So you want to wolf down a nice cold one without struggling to suck out the goodness?!?!?!  Then try ask for the ROOT BEER FLOAT.  You will get a half cup of root beer topped with a swirl of vanilla soft-serve
4	I simply don't eat fast food.... EXCEPT for In-N-Out! Made to order and you can see them cutting the potatoes in the drive-thru window! Check out the website for special requests they don't offer on the menu... my fav is the gorilla style (grilled onions with a touch of mustard). A bite into the burger with the combo of crisp fresh lettuce and burger it is soooo good. For the price, quality and service,,, yes SERVICE (friendly, fast and accurate) it is the BEST.
5	One of my all time favorite burger joints! They do one thing, and they do it well! A very simple menu of just burgers, fries, shakes, & soda......period!I remember the very first time I ever walked into an In-N-Out............ordered me a hamburger, ate it............then thought.........."is that it?" I was wondering what's the big deal? It wasn't until one of my friends, who is an In-N-Out fanatic told me - "NO"..........anytime you go to an In-N-Out, you must always order the Double Double!!!Since that time...............whenever I'm on the mainland, and walk into a In-N-Out burger joint, I always order a Double Double! What can I say about the In-N-Out burger joint............1. I wished they would open one up in Hawaii.2. Food is cheap, only $3.20 for a Double Double, & very tasty too! Burgers are made to order on the spot, hot & fresh..........not like some other joints where they are microwaved & put under the heat lamp. 3. A very simple menu. They just do burgers, fries, shakes, & soda..........keepin' it simple, & they do it well!4. Restaurant is very clean, and the service is EXCELLENT!5. Open fountain kept very clean...........McDonald's could learn a thing or to (hint: McCully McDonalds!).Lots of free parking..........but the place is always crowded on matter what time you go there.........Ka CHING!I also heard from a friend to order the Double Double "Animal Style"...........don't know what this is...........I'll have to try it one day.
5	One of the few, if not ONLY thing left from my "once upon a time, Cynthia lived in So Cal...the land of Hollywood, Disneyland, beaches and great weather."Thank you In n Out for having locations here out in the dirty, dry, desert. Your burgers and fries taste so much better than THAT other place. *ahemfiveguysahem* Don't worry, I would never go to the dark side.
1	Disgusting! Went through the drive-thru and grabbed a quick lunch. Without looking I start eating my burger...hmm tastes a little salty. I finally glance at the burger and notice that it is completely raw. I threw it out immediately and will not be going back.
4	Ah in-n-out. Now that we live in Denver, when we have the opportunity to get some animal style burgers we do it.  This little place is more of a local location - since it is off the strip and across the highway!It's a normal in-n-out, staff is friendly, no so hidden menu is available and food is great!The fries i can't say i've ever been a fan, but they were hot and fried! A good amount of outside seating and which delivery of the food!
5	Simple, cheap, yummy. Great, friendly staff. Insanely affordable food and fresh ingredients...def not your typical fast food burger. The vanilla shakes are great. Wish they had these on the east coast!
5	I've been an extremely envious East coaster for years hearing about the amazingness that is In-N-Out Burger so when I finally found myself out West this was my first stop after the airport (I realize that sounds a tad pathetic but it was lunchtime and I was on a plane for 5 hours). I was incredibly happy with a double-double and fries. The sauce on the burger was delicious! I haven't had it in a while now but I'm itching for some more!
5	The quality control with this company is very good, the food is the same no matter where you go.  Don't let the long lines (inside and drive-thru) scare you.  The drive thru moves really quick.  If there are no tables open, drive next door to the company store where more tables and rest rooms are also available.  The company store sells all the t-shirts going back a number of years.  They also stock a number of logo items including jackets, hats, license plate frames.......you get the picture.  Exiting the parking lot can be tricky being that its located on a curve in a very busy area.  Try using the exit to the extreme north end of the lot, where your view of the traffic in both directions is a little better.  The food, if you are not familiar with their "secret" menu, try searching for it in Google.  Animal style with chopped chilis, you can't go wrong!
3	It's good if you choose from the animal style menu, otherwise I've had better. Avoid the vegas ones between 12 and 4 unless you want to sit in a drive thru line for an hour!
5	Super bon
5	Got served by Donald, very efficient. Probably best In-n-Out service around my area.
5	Yelp 100 Challenge * 68/100While Mickey D's burgers are paper thin and taste like...well, cardboard, In-N-Out's burgers are juicy and succulent!This 50s diner-esque fast food joint offers a simple menu with an extra fun & not-so-secret menu that you can explore all over the internet. On days when my tongue is not so accommodating of sliced raw onions, I'd call for the animal style cheeseburger which includes the same basic ingredients - burger patty, lettuce, tomatoes, cheese - with pickles, sauteed onions and dressing. Add a shake to that and you'll have bundled up enough calories to earn yourself a good work out for the night. But I digress.I absolutely love the speed that comes with each order and the efficient staff. Place is always well-maintained and people keep coming back for more. You can now say goodbye to other burger joints. This is the place to be.
4	I love the quickness and love the fresh food they use. Grilled onions mmm so good. Please come to Denver.
5	Love Love Love this place!  I have always wanted to try an In N Out burger, but living in the eastern part of the country that wasn't possible.  Finally my job brought me to Vegas where I was free to have my first Double Double!  Great place, very hectic and busy but a great vibe.
5	In theory, all locations of a franchise should be the same (and all the locations I've visited in the Vegas were great) , but I feel this one is the best of them all. Simply put, simple and super delicious. Just the right balance of veggies, bun, and burger. Wish we had at least one location near Fairbanks, AK.
5	I would go here before I ever go to BK or Mickey D's or Wendy's!
5	It's really not fair of me to review another In N Out Burger. I think the entire world now knows that I am head over heels in love with this place. We visit every single Sunday after church, and even when we don't make it to service, we still find a way to get to an In N Out. The burgers are RIDICULOUSLY delicious. I get mine mustard fried and it comes with a pickle. There's something about the small crunch on the bun that makes everything right in the world. The fries - OHHHH THE FRIES! They aren't your typical french fries - no - they are like over-sized potato stix. So yummy, so potatoey, absolute perfection. Dang, i LOVE me some In N Out Burger.
5	Ate here last week while on lunch. Other than the long line, is there really anything to say?? It's In-N-Out people, it's delicious! Can't go wrong.........
4	A lot of people should already know a lot about In-N-Out, but if you don't, I can give a short description. The food here is known for it's freshness. Its food is never frozen, the potatoes are cut on site, and you'll see them making the burgers fresh. They have a "secret" menu that's not really secret, just not displayed. They are known for their animal style fries mostly, but they have different things you can do like add pickles, grilled onions, substituting the spread for ketchup and mustard. You can also order fries well done, which adds an extra crunch to your fries. This location is one of the lesser busy locations, but can be decently busy depending on the time of day that you visit. The service is fast and the store is kept clean. If you're in the area, take a visit!
5	In-N-Out always makes a good burger.  What makes this In-N-Out special on my visit on September 12 was Nathan.  Having been at the EMS Expo in Vegas, I was wearing an EMS t-shirt.  When I placed my order, Nathan asked if I was on duty so he could have the kitchen put my order out first.   That's one of the kindest gestures I've ever received from a fast food joint.   Plus, the #1 combo is still the stuff of awesomeness.
5	i think i'm in love...
5	The best thing about in n out burger is that no matter where you eat at; California, Arizona, Nevada or Texas the food always tastes the same.Got to love a restaurant that sticks to its core product. The service was fantastic, burgers were hot delicious and it wasn't as crowded as the one near the strip.
4	Hands down the absolute BEST fast food burger I have ever had! I don't eat fast food really to speak of, but let me tell you this place should make five guys close! The fries were friggin awesome and the burger was great! Words can not describe it! Not to mention at 10:30am the line was wrapped around the whole building inside and out! It was very quick service too!
4	Pleasantly surprised - much better than McDonald's/Burger King/Wendy's, and I'd venture to say that it's even better than Five Guys. I got the cheeseburger and fries, both animal-style, with some of their fresh pink lemonade. In terms of fast food, this might be the best you can get.
4	Yum Yum Yum! In-N-Out, I am from the East Coast a place you do not visit for some odd reason! Let say, I am a huge fan! This place has staff that are very nice, helpful and welcoming along with amazing quality food for amazing values. For lunch today: I order 3 double-double , 2 cheese burger, 1 hamburger and 2 animal fries. The total came out to around $25.24. This is my second location for this establishment and it is very consistent in my opinion. The only thing that can vary might be wait time since it usually packed and staff at different location. Hint: If you are about to order plain french fries ask for Animal Style Fries. It a secret but the people working will understand what you are talking about!
5	A great place to get a burger they are fresh and tasty.  The burgers are hot and juicy also, the fries aw fresh cut and fried to order. It is a must stop for me when going to Vegas. Checkout their website for the secret menu options!
4	This is a true ALL AMERICAN business success. I wish I could actually give them a 4.5. The only drawback is they get pretty busy sometimes and it feels like a cafeteria in there. Otherwise, I've recently learned a lot about In and Out burger and I'm super impressed that they have their own cattle being served and their operations a so concise an smooth. I love that everyone there seems genuinely happy to be working there.
5	We had a great experience. We were greeted by Jas, who took our order for 'protein style' burgers, which have iceberg lettuce in place of the bun. She was a very cheerful person. As we found our seat, Parker was just finishing up wiping down the table. He was also extremely pleasant, smiled and wished us a great day. The lettuce on our burgers was icy cold, and there was a lot of it! The burgers were tasty. We love In n Out. Besides the great food, the staff always makes our visit top notch.
5	The secret menu. The freshness. The quality. Animal Style. Legendary. You've heard of In-N-Out Burger, sure. But if you haven't been there you probably are wondering "Is it THAT good? I mean it's "fast food", how good can it be?"I'm here to tell you that it's that good. And then some. I'll spare you the rundown on what INO is all about - the "AxB", the "secret menu", fries cooked to order, Animal Style -  you can use the Googles for that. I'm just going to tell you that a Double Double Animal Style is perhaps the most delicious burger in America, and the Animal Style Fries are gratuitous, glutenous goodness. One thing to note is that while INO seems like "fast food", it is anything but. Food is cooked to order, and combine that with it's popularity and frequent long lines means a wait for your burgers. But that wait is SO worth it. In-N-Out was a must stop for me every time I went to California for my last job, but it had been about 5 years since I had an INO experience. For some reason, it just wasn't on my Vegas radar. I will no longer make that mistake on my future visits to Sin City.
4	I'm not a big fan of "fast food," but I make an exception for In-N-Out every time. The food is extremely fresh and cooked to order. The secret menu is absolutely delicious (my favorite is the animal style fries-- it's a meal on its own) and for people on diets, INO offers protein style burgers that replaces the bun with lettuce. Do a quick Google search for "In-N-Out secret menu" and you'll get the full rundown. Drive-through is normally faster than getting it in the store but if you want to preserve the taste you should definitely eat it immediately after purchase. It's still amazing slightly cold, but there is a big difference when you eat it fresh off the burner. Although the location may have something to do with it (university campus), lines are almost always present at any INO in the Vegas area. Despite that, it's plenty worth the wait. Give In-N-Out a shot and you'll never go back to any other fast food joint for a burger again.
5	I had forgotten that Vegas had In-N-Out, and it was a delightful surprise. As always, the food was delicious, the service fast, and the experience great, made even more so because we introduced two friends to it for the first time.  Excellent introduction for them.
5	This was my second ever trip to In n Out. So yes, I did go twice within 24 hours because the food is indeed everything it is made out to be. On this visit I ordered the double double mustard grilled burger, fries well done (double fried), and the Neapolitan Shake (chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry) - all of which were stellar. Fresh ingredients and extremely friendly staff make for a wonderful experience at these burger joints. All chains are within a certain distance from the ingredient manufacturer in order to ensure fresh same day delivery of products, and it is very apparent. I can definitely see why In n Out is such a renowned burger joint on the west coast. While in the quick moving line I FaceTimed my brother back home in the south because I knew he had been a few months prior, he practically shed a tear from wanting an In n Out burger so badly. I didn't realize the effect that the FaceTime was going to have on him but it just goes to show how amazing these restaurants truly are!
5	It kills me to go a year between visits!  I can taste it right now. Oh how I crave In N Out.  I go every day I am near one.  Yes, they get crowded, but the pleasant staff moves people in and out like a well oiled machine. And it is so worth the wait.  Everything on their simple menu is divine.  Wish I had an In N Out burger right now....
5	Trying this place for the first time and this place is packed not even McDonald's gets this crazy. The double burger is awesome I was surprised to only see 3 burgers on the menu. There keeping it simple 10 times better then all the burgers that I have tried
5	Every time I am in Vegas or on the west coast I have to hit up in n out because it is incredible. I love their fresh cut fries and the delicious burger. The secret menu keeps it fresh even if you have been here a hundred times. I just wish they'd bring one more east, I can't get enough of this place!
4	My favorite In-N-Out because the lines aren't crazy here. Service is always friendly as all hell and the restaurant is super clean. I always feel guilty eating fast food. Thankfully, In-N-Out has it's not-so-secret menu and I don't feel too bad eating my Double-Double Protein (bun becomes hand leaf lettuce) and Animal (sauce, pickles, and grilled onions) Style, which clocks in at 520 calories. It's a filling and satisfying burger. I usually skip the fries here because of guilt.When I'm sick, I crave shakes. Again from their not-so-secret menu I get the Neapolitan shake. The shakes are so thick that you can really taste all three flavors individually. I love it when it goes from vanilla, to strawberry, to chocolatey. It's more bang for your buck! In-N-Out is a chain and I'm rarely a fan of those establishments, but In-N-Out truly is freshness you can taste. It's not everyone's cup of tea, but I am definitely a fan.
5	In N Out Burger is consistently great as their menu is simple and they stick to the same formula for success. I have been visiting here more lately as it is close to my place of employment and my buddy Sergio loves it for lunch!The Amazing and always Super happy staff is ALWAYS a nice encounter. The food speaks for itself, fresh burgers with ultra fresh toppings with a unique bun and sauce.They have a nice selection of drinks as well, I really like their pink lemonade and iced tea. They also make great handmade milkshakes as well which are a nice treat with a burger and fries.I love their special sauce, I always ask for extra packets of it to dip my fries in if I don't order them animal style. I am not that crazy about the fries, sometimes they are so thin they are just too dry. If they would change their fry style I think that would be one of my dreams come true!Mmmmm yummy good stuff! We will be back over and over again for a burger fix!
5	This would be my second time here at In N Out. My first time was in California. I ordered an Animal Style burger with regular fries. It wasn't out of this world, but I enjoyed it.Knowing this place is really hyped, I decided to come to In N Out again. This location was more crowded than the last one, so I had trouble finding seats. However, we found some at the end. It was a table for two, so I decided to let my parents sit while I stand. I ordered the same thing as last time- Animal style burger and fries. The wait time was a bit longer than the location in California, but that was probably because there were more people. When I recieved my order, I was surprised. I somehow received Animal style fries, as well! Of course, we were charged extra. I take the benefit of the doubt and say that I miscommuniated and said something wrong. My parents didn't look too happy. Feeling a bit guilty, I went ahead and tried to eat the too layer for them.It was the best thing of my life. I found eating the fries Animal Style so much better than eating them plain. Well- not SO much better.... It was just a unique experience. I thought it was delicious. It went really well with my burger and I was more filled up than last time I went (in which I ordered regular fries).
3	I LOVE In-N-Out but this location is the slowest I've ever been too!(California included) I can understand long wait when they are busy but there were only 3 other cars in the drive thru and a handful of people inside.
1	Came for an old fashion In-N-Out burger. The employees were joking around and not working promptly to get my order out. On top of all this there was no place to sit inside, not because it was busy, but because there was trash all over the tables. We decided to eat outside, no big deal. I come outside to bird shirt on my table.
5	Anytime I get to eat In-N-Out is a special treat for me. Especially when I am on vacation, because I never eat fast food. For some reason In-N-Out doesn't taste like normal fast food to me. Everything is always fresh and delicious. This is a great location and everyone was super friendly, fast and efficient. Great job for keeping the consistency!
5	As Californian stranded in the desert, this is the only fast food place I would trust.  Always clean, friendly personal, quality is all there...
3	If your trying to eat clean and healthy, you must try the protein style with NO sauce. Keeping the sauce defeats the purpose.. IMHO
5	Best burgers & animal fries I've EVER had. And I've had in n out all over the USA. Which makes it bizarre. It wasn't greasy at all! Quite exceptional. Will be coming here again Soon!!
4	Good quick burgers not sure about all the hype but just like every regional thing. Will definitely eat there again.
5	Love this In 'n Out. I live in the DC area where Five Guys started and they aren't even in the same league as In 'n Out. Five guys is so greasy from the burgers to the fries. The only thing Five Guys has going for it is the peanuts. This location is a little slow, but they do an excellent job and the people working there are really nice. I get the triple animal style with no bun and extra cooked fries. The shakes are great too. I got strawberry, but read another review where you can get it Neopolitan style which I will definitely get next time. I so wish we had this place back east because I would eat here at least once a week. I had the little peppers too, but they were a little too hot for me, but I ate them anyway because I like peppers. Will probably hit this place on the way to the airport on my way home. Yes, it's that damn good!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	F*cking love this place every time!Protein style booooi! Healthy fast food. Nom nom nom
1	Slowest in n out ever. Took 20 minutes to get my order. 2 cheeseburgers fries and a shake.  Send somebody outside to take orders in the drive thru. 10pm and theirs 10 cars in line. And 20 people inside . Step it up
4	I love me some in n out burger, I live close to this one so it's my main squeeze. The workers here are super nice and friendly. The food for the most part has always been fresh. The reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because dining in one day I saw them pour their cooked fries back into the grease to reheat and worked in a restaurant before that's not a good practice.
5	Yelp 100 Challenge #55/100Whenever I visit the 9th Island I head on down to this In-N-Out Burger.  It is pretty busy as it's close to the strip, but if you go during off hour times such as before lunch or late afternoon, then it's not so bad.  Usually there is a wait at any In-N-Out I've been to but YMMV.What I love to order here is the 4 X 4, anything animal style like the burgers and fries, and the neapolitan shake.  Can't forget that handmade milkshakes.  Just a bunch of yummy goodness.  Also, the fries are always freshly cut and made fresh to order.  Also, there is special sauce for the fries as well if requested.  I wish there was a In-N-Out in Hawaii, but knowing that won't happen (at least not any time soon), I'm going to make this a regular stop on the 9th island.
5	If you want a fast but good burger that doesn't break the bank, leaving u money for other fun things! Really nice employees too!
3	Meh.This was my first time coming here and it was just ok.  The fries were hot and fresh, but they seemed overcooked and had a burnt flavor lingering.  Maybe this was a freak thing, and they don't normally taste like this, but I wasn't impressed.I figure my whole opinion will rely on the burger. It was just ok. It wasn't better than a whopper to me, so I might as well go to BK. Anyway, some people may love this place and have a better experience than me, but I won't be back.  :(
5	3x3, mustard grilled, no salt, whole grilled onion. Fries, well done, animal style. Some employees don't know their own menu, these kids know the "secret" one no problem.
5	Being from the midwest, In-N-Out is a must for every visit I make to Cali or Vegas. Just so happened I was with my brothers for this trip. For some reason I let my little brother handle finding the location. We walked from The Palazzo to this location. Because reasons. 10/10 would walk 5 miles total for animal style everything and shake.
3	My wife and I walked 2.5 miles to the Sahara location and 2.5 miles back in 100 degree heat. We had heard so much about I&O B so we finally tried them.  Burgers were a 6 and fries were a 3 (My wife gave the burgers a 4 and fries a 1).  Pitiful, especially when reflecting back on all the raves from people for years.  The staff was friendly and the place was busy.  The lettuce and bun were good.  As soon as I saw the price, I felt I gained an understanding why people think it is good...because they think it is a bargain?  I hit local fast food joints - Jack in the Box, McDonald's, Sonic and Wendy's this past week as a comparison and all were much better at the same price point.  I&O B is not even in the top 50 burger joints.  However, at least now I can say I have tried it and can engage in discussion about I & O B.
5	I wish I was in Vegas just so I could eat this again!!! I didn't think it'd be possible to top Shake Shack in NYC but In-N-Out did it for me. Went back in June while I was in Vegas for EDC and it was amazing. From the moment we walked in we knew we were in for a treat. The line was ridiculously long but we already knew about the popularity of this place so we didn't mind. We were lucky to get a table right before we placed our orders. The wait was a bit long but boy was it worth it. BEST BURGER EVER! The West Coast won this one. It was my first time but since I saw everyone getting the famous spread, so did I and wow. It was so good, I slathered it on everything, the fries, the burger, my fingers... I wanted to get two burgers but my friends looked at me like I was bugging so I didn't, and I'm glad because I was really full after just one.Stop being selfish and bring this to the East Coast already! Until then I'll impatiently wait until the next time I'm in Cali.
4	This is the closest location to my house. The food is just as good as any other location most of the time. I love to get Animal style fries but it always takes forever to complete my order when I order them. They don't seem to be that hard to make but at least 2-3 people who ordered after me will get their food before me if I ordered animal style fries. This isn't a huge deal but I don't order them as often because of it.The store has always been clean when I have visited it. And the line moves pretty fast even when they are busy.
5	Amazing burgers! We dont have these in Florida. Very tasty and made to order. Fries are also very good and fresh made!
5	This is coming from someone who doesn't live in an area that has the In-N-Out chain, but I'm giving it 5 stars.I like the double-double cheeseburger with fries.  Love the melty-ness of the cheese and love the sandwich sauce!
3	I guess I am not a burger person because I just don't get this place. Not many choices, the clerk wasn't too bright, and the fries tasted like those nasty frozen ones you'd get at a school cafeteria.The burger itself was pretty good - was advised to get it animal and protein style. So, lots of sauces, lots of lettuce, no bun. It tasted fabulous, but was a holy hell mess. Needed a fork and knife, but not an option. The line was very long. Service was fast, but maybe they were trying to go too fast because half our order was wrong. Overall, not a place I would return, but my husband will make me.
4	I mean... It's In And Out. Need I say more?? I like it Animal style!
4	Quick service...definitely Google the secret menu items such as the light well fries for a crispier tasty fry. It gets busy during lunch so be prepared to place your order. Friendly service.
4	re:  dinnerThis place is as consistent as any other In-N-Out with less of a wait.  It's a little off the strip, so if you do not have a vehicle if visiting Vegas, it would make it tough to eat here.  If there's such thing as Quality Fast Food, this is it.  *cheers*
5	I know, I know. All In-N-Outs are supposed to have the same quality food. But I have to disagree after dining here last time I was in Vegas. I'm not sure if I was just hungry or if it had been too long since I had In-N-Out but the quality of the food was amazing at this location! I ate my usual cheeseburger with no onions with a side of well-done fries. The burger was on point: the bun was toasted perfectly, meat was juicy and seasoned well, vegetables were fresh and crisp, the perfect dressing-to-burger ratio. OMG. Even the fries were perfect. Not too crispy, not too limp. Next time I'm in Vegas, you can be sure I'm going out of my way to eat at this In-N-Out location. Sure, the wait time for food is noticeably longer, but it's worth it!
2	This place is over-hyped to the extreme. When I was in Vegas, I decided to stop there because I have never had In and Out before. The prices are fair. The menu is boring. The service, even when no one is in the line with you, takes forever. My group went there twice. The burger was decent. It was not great. It tasted just like a Wendy's burger, just slightly more fresh.The fries, both times I got them, were bland. Basically tasteless, except for the taste of oil . I would never order those fries again. They are boring. The rest of the people with me got my fries after about the third one I tried. Maybe I should have had a few drinks at the hotel before I tried them, but sober, they are just horrible. It gets more than one star because you can customize and they actually listen. The sauce is pretty tasty. Other than that, I didn't see anything remarkable about it. I just like a place that actually listens to your order.It's fast food. It tastes like fast food. When it comes to fast food, it has some of the worst fries I have ever had. The bun is standard. The meat is standard. The sauce and vegetables being fresh and tasty was what makes it just slightly better. If you go there, just think fresh tasting Wendy's and you will not be disappointed. Skip on the fries or get tons of ketchup and salt to make up for the lack of any flavor.
5	The best commercial Burgers I ever had. They taste like homemade. Try them!! I were two times in two days there. There Fried with cheese were also delicious.
3	Classic N and OUT burger experience here in Clark County.RIGHT off strip.Convient to DaysInn Super 8 localsEnjoy your Double Double with american cheese here.Great fries from fresh spuds. As alwaysSeriously OFF STRIP, yet I still experienced personal safe buying here in an area that can get, ah, a little flavorful if you were walking around or parked with your car window open.
5	The best customer service ever! Thank you so much Melissa! The food was great as always! In-N-Out is the Best!
4	Double double is good as always. Location is pretty busy on Sundays.  Service is fast and friendly. Would come back again.
5	In-n-Out by far sets the bar above the rest of all fast food. The employees exude customer service, clean uniforms, and great food. Could this because this company believes is paying their employees more than a minimum wage?  Could be a big factor.  It is proof that if you take care of your employees, they will take care of the business.
4	The burger  was amazing and juicy. I had the cheeseburger and you could taste the fresh  onions and tomatoes. The bun was slightly  crispy and soft. The fries were very fresh and delicious. They were lightly peppered and had a raw texture. The chocolate  shake  was too thick and needed a spoon
5	If you want a break from sit down serice, take advantage of this place. The burgers are super and theIn-N-Out Burger custard are awesome..
5	Man I love this place!
