2	This spot just opened, taking the place of a Hollywood Video that closed some time ago.  It's in stealth start-up mode; the staff is still learning and I'll give them a break.  Everything behind the counter was pretty chaotic, but they haven't officially opened and are still working out the bugs.The burger was good, and I had it with "the works" so it was plenty juicy.   It wasn't outstanding, just good.  My teenaged son had his with lettuce, tomato and ketchup and he thought that it was over-rated.  The fries are fresh cut, fried and served in a cup.  Most certainly not crispy, more like greasy.  They actually are kind of limp and, well, icky as they sit in the cup and steam.  Definitely the low point of our visit.I'm giving it 2 stars for now.  I hope they open strong and improve their product, as I find In-and-Out services a superior burger and fries.  I'll go back in a few months after they work the bugs out.  They have to, or this place will be boarded up again.
3	This was my first experience at a Five Guys. I had heard good things and had no idea that there was a location opening in Ahwatukee until I drove by today and opted to grab some lunch to go. Apparently it opened November 4.Learn from my mistake - the regular burger is huge. Two patties and heavy "fixins." Unless you are really hungry, the little burger should be plenty for an adult. As far as fast food burgers go, it is one of the best I have had. Definitely better than In and Out. The lettuce, tomato, etc. were fresh, the cheese was quality, and they even offer grilled mushrooms which were super tasty.The fries, on the other hand, were super greasy and soggy. In the future I will stick to just the burgers.It was lunchtime and I expected a warzone, but the service was quick and the employees were extremely friendly and helpful.Definitely worth putting on your fast food burger list.
4	I had heard good things about five guys burgers and fries from several of my friends, but I never made the trek to the location on the mill ave. I figured I would get around to it one day, but didn't think it was worth it to drive 15 miles for a burger. Well, once the hollywood video went out of business and I saw that they were putting a five guys right next to where I work, I decided I had to go and see what all the fuss was about.I decided that I would get the full experience on my first go, so I got a regular burger all the way (with all the toppings in black). The burger itself was very good, the veggies were crisp and fresh, and the patty juicy. The bread was a little squished, but I guess that's part of the charm (who said burgers are supposed to be pretty anyway? Smashburger I'm looking at you). I ordered the regular fries and my friend got the cajun. The fries were my least favorite part of the meal, they were too soggy. After getting some advice from a friend, I was told that the frys were soggy because I left them in the bag. Which makes sense, if you leave them in the bag they steam, and the steam condensates on the fries and makes them soggy. So on my next trip I ripped the bag open like a raging hulk and pulled out the cup, and alas, my fries were deliciously crispy! Problem solved. The cajun fries weren't anything to scream about, basically just fries covered in pepper. I would skip them and go for the regular fries. I don't know if the location here offers it, but the five guys in idaho falls has fry sauce, and there's nothing like fry sauce with a big bag full of fries (who doesn't like to mix ketchup with mayonnaise, it's amazing!) :-)Overall, if I had my choice, I would get a five guys burger and in-n-out fries. That would be perfect. But overall, I think the burgers here are great, and I will be going back. And seeing as how there's always room for improvement, especially considering it's a burger shack that doesn't even offer milk shakes, 4 stars.
2	Having tried Five Guys on the East Coast (where they originated) and liking their Burgers, I was very excited at the new location, so close to home. My first experience was with Fried Onions only. Unfortunately, I believe the onions (which are NOT fried to order) gave the Burger a "chemical taste." The fries have a nice taste but will order them well done in the future, in order to avoid the sogginess. Not dissuaded by a NOT GREAT experience, my next trip I tried the "traditional" lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise. Very little taste and the Burger, while large enough with two patties, seemed overwhelmed by the mayonnaise. Well done Fries were better than the first. "Third time is the charm" I thought. The acid test would be "pickles and mustard." If the burger was good, it would stand up to this, as do Fudruckers and Steak and Shake. Alas, not to be! The Burgers flavor did not make it through the mustard. Unfortunate, but Five Guys will NOT be on my Burger list in the future.
3	I normally don't write reviews for chain food places, I don't really see the point. They wouldn't be a chain if it didn't appeal to a large number of people.This place is basically Johnny Rockets without the milk shakes, but with tons of toppings available for free. Value, in terms of pricing, is excellent. The menu is simple and it shouldn't take too long to figure out what you want if its your first time.While you wait on your order you can work your way to the shelled peanuts which are self-serve and free. This is pretty cool I thought, and unlike Teakwoods, there aren't shells on the floor everywhere.The toppings. Wow, tons of choices. I went with grilled mushrooms, grilled onions, onions, tomatoes, lettuce, pickles and jalapenos. The tomatoes and jalapenos were sliced too thick in my opinion, way too thick. However, the jalapenos were fresh, and not pickled. They were a little too spicy for me, but it was good. The lettuce wasn't so green, and to be quite honest I don't really remember seeing too much lettuce. Due to the sheer size of the toppings, it becomes a pain in stacking the burger and eating it.BEEF! I'm a little mixed on how to rate the burger patties. I felt that they were a tad bit too dry for my taste, but that the texture was very interesting, unique, and enjoyable. I hate to bring up Lobby's into this review, but if there is one thing Lobby's does well its their patties. I'm stuck in an awkward situation here. I liked their patties, but I've had better. I'll leave it at that.Cajun fries. The cajun fries were awesome. Its exactly what it sounds like, fries seasoned with cajun seasoning. Delicious. I ordered a regular, and I must have got two supersized fries instead of one regular. I think it must have been a mistake, because the large brown bag that your order comes in (whether you do dine-in or take-out) was FULL of fries. I tried to finish them all with my 9 year old brother and we couldn't do it, there was just too much. To make the situation worse, we brought home a cup full of fries. This isn't a bad thing, just don't order too much fries or you'll have a ton leftover.This place is over decorated. Its annoying. Every inch of space is filled with non-local reviews for this place. Are you kidding me? Can you let me decide by myself whether your food is good or not? Of course, this is America and if something is a fashion you have to adhere to the fashion if you wanna be American. But anyways, besides the loads of what amounts to self-praise, the rest of the wall is covered in red and white checkers. Also, there ar not booths, just tables and chairs, which can get a little cramped at times.Five Guys is a really good burger place, especially if you want a 'diner style' burger for a drive-thru price. You may or may not like the interior, but its a cool place to check out.
5	I'm a big fan of 5 guys and was excited when a location was opening up near my home.  I'm glad 5 guys has been making their way out west and in the Phoenix area, first in Mesa and Tempe and now in South Phoenix.. I was familiar with them during my trips back to the DC area and always had to \have one when I was there..Things I enjoy about 5 guys, the simple menu choices, the topping choices, the free peanuts while you wait for your food and the meat is fresh.  You get a very tasty and high quality burger with the toppings you like. You also get a ton of fries, even on the small order. A small fry should feed a two people no problemIf you order a cheeseburger, fries and a soda, you are looking at about $11.This location is always packed! I've been here 3 times since the placed opened at various times and days of the week and there is always a ton of people here. Even with the location, crowded, your food is ready in about 10 minutes.I just wish the price was a bit cheaper, but worth a treat every so often.
3	As far as basic burgers go this is an OK option. The flavor is ok and basic toppings give everyone enough choice. Better than McDonald's yeah and similar to In-n-Out but nothing really special. Price is not cheap for a burger so I would expect a little more, but not more fries because they give you a bucket full and more.
4	Very clean, I like clean.  I was afraid of ordering the big burger because I thought it would be something out of man vs food.  I went with the small burger and it didn't disappoint.  The guys I went to lunch with all got the big burger and I have to say, I couldn't tell the difference.  So don't let it scare you like it did me.All in all it was a very tasty, greasy burger.  Medium fries are more than enough.  I don't particularly care for fries with skin still on though. I liked that they gave you peanuts to snack on while you wait because the wait was a little longer than I would have expected for fast food.
2	Man, I guess I just don't get it. I've tried this place twice now, and was unimpressed both times. I really don't understand the excitement over this place.Just another example of how Eastern transplants to the Phoenix area clamor for anything from "BACK HOME." Plus, this place is way too expensive for an "Order at the Counter" burger joint.Went in last time with a buddy: 2 REG burgers, 1 REG order of fries to split, NO DRINKS - $17.02 WOW! Not to mention (but I will), that it took over 15 minutes to get my order, when this place was nearly empty!!!The burger was bland and overcooked. The bacon was burnt and crumbled, not even in strips, but looked like somebody just put some charred bac-o-bits on it. High marks for the freshness of the toppings, but so what. After all, it's not called "5 Guys Toppings," is it.And the fries couldn't be worse if you were actually trying to make them BAD. Just a bland, greasy mess. Yuck.Maybe, if somebody offers to buy me lunch and insists on 5 Guys, I'll give them another shot. Otherwise; NO WAY!
3	Food was delicious but overpriced. Service was friendly. Their very limited menu did not offer shakes and malts which was disappointing.  Their dinning environment was uncomfortable for such high prices.
3	The first time I went. The Burger was great. One of the best. But, This last time. The burger was not so good. Something changed? The meat seems different.
4	Tasty! Very tasty! Ok so I've never been to the East Coast and I'm an Arizona Native so the only comparison for this burger joint is other burger joints in the valley. The burger is actually a double, you order the toppings individually, and they have the standards. They make it in front of you which is nice. The pattys were tasty and the buns were some of the best on a burger i've ever had!! Fries were good as well.We ordered two burgers, one side of fries and one drink and the total was $18.xx. Expensive? Well it's more expensive than McDonalds of course but not more than a restaurant, it's a good middle ground. I think you pay for the quality. I definitely don't mind paying extra for a great tasting quality burger! The decore was......um....interesting. Pretty white everywhere. Peanuts as an appetizer?!? And on the wall was non-local reviews. I rather have local reviews but that's all minor. I went to get a good tasting non-fast food chain burger and that's what I got. I'm happy, and will be returning, probably several times. FYI-If they had alcohol, they would have gotten 5 stars from me. (It'd be nice for "fast food, sit down joints" to take a page out of the Chipotle handbook) umk that's all.
5	Excellent, excellent, excellent! Seems strange to me to have to search for a good hamburger yet this is what where reduced to. Went to 5 Guys today (first time) on the way back from a hike in Tonto Ntl Forrest. It was just like back home (Michigan) when I was a kid and good burgers were plentiful! Reasonably priced, very fresh and fast. Johnny Rocket, In N' out ish but better quality meat. Delicious.
4	This was A TASTY BURGER!  I like this much better than In N Out.  I got a little cheese & bacon and added lettuce tomato and BBQ sauce, green peppers too.  I shoulda added some onion.  Pretty good!The fries did not impress.  They aren't steak fries and they aren't skinny lil McD's fries.  They're right in the middle with skins still on them.  They were OK, but nothing exciting.I'm not sure where the Five Guys name comes from.  I saw 8 people behind the counter.  :-)
4	I literally haven't eaten beef in 24 years. Really.  Many times friends and family have tried to convince me to 'just eat a burger'.  I'm from the Midwest for gosh sake.  For whatever reason, I decided tonight was the night and 5 Guys was the place.  This was one pretty damn good burger.  Got exactly what I wanted and the fries were great too. I have to admit I was afraid to try it but this burger, I would eat again...  Maybe I won't wait another 24 years though...
5	I wrote a review on another location, so I won't start all over, but I do have to comment on this particular location.The burger is amazing. Every time I eat here, it is literally the best burger I've ever had. The quality of the meat and ingredients is just sooo darn good. So much better than In N Out Burger, but the same concept.This location is close to work, so we go here a few times a month. I love love love their easy online ordering and the fact that my order is correct every time. The staff is friendly every time I've picked it up and the wait is minimal with the pre-ordering.I don't know what else to say, but I love this place and I will be back again and again and again....
4	I know its a burger place but try the hotdogs.All items are grilled.  Buns are fresh.Tons of items to add to your burger/hotdog that are free.  FREE.  No charge.Fries are awesome.  A sign tells you where the potatoes are from that day.  And they are not cheap with them.  One small is enough for two, sometimes three.Fast and friendly service.Somewhat loud, rock music playing, which makes the burger joint experience complete.
4	Better burger & fries than In-N-Out, but a little pricey for a burger joint with loud music and no adult beverages or dessert.I say better than In-N-Out because it's a similar concept of freshly cut fries and grill top burgers with fresh toppings.  Where they excel is the burger patties are bigger and the fries have more flavor.
4	We have been here a few times now, and when we feel like taking the drive down here, we prefer it to In-N-Out most times. The only thing they don't have that we miss is chocolate shakes. I would love to dunk the fries here into a chocolate shake. They offer a "veggie burger" that is basically all of their condiments on a bun. You can add cheese if you like as well. I think its pretty good and its a nice break from the basic veggie patties you see at most places. They have the best fries here. We like the cajun style the best, and the regular size is plenty for two people. They basically fill up one cup full of fries and put it in the bag, and then dump another full cup in the bag. So you are getting two cups of fries. We never finish them. They are made to order so they are always piping hot. Friendly staff and you can munch on some peanuts before your food comes out. For two veggie burgers, fries, and two drinks we can get out of here at less than $15. Regular burgers and hot dogs end up costing more so if you are an omnivore it could get a little pricy. But for us vegetarians its a darn good deal.
2	So I had to see what all the hype was about.....The front of the house merchandising is interesting for sure.  So I went with a classic cheeseburger, fries and a coke.  Can't get more American than that!  the burger was really good  I added grilled onions, mushrooms and jalapenos.  The fries were greasy I was disappointed.  Maybe the frilolator grease needs to be changed more frequently? I couldn't put my finger on it.  I'm not the type that would pick at my fries I ended up throwing them out....Sad I know!  As for the staff they were friendly and effcient.  Dining room was clean and inviting.  The ketchup dispenser was out of ketchup!! UGH!  But like I said the burger was really good.  I will give another try..maybe.
2	Honestly for the price i pay every time i walk in to ANY of the five guys establishments i feel like i am being ripped off.   I am not cheap but i am not out to spend 10+ dollars if i don't feel like A. it will fill me up or B. it is too small and average for the price i am paying.  I understand things might be a little more customizable or "fresh" but if you want "fresh" for a Great price just go to in and out or my personal favorite favorite restaurant for burgers/sandwiches is four peaks their food is Good enough for me out here in Arizona. I was born and raised a northern Cali girl so i had it good as far as food goes and i miss it but i have to settle and find what i can out here if i don't end up moving back.  Five guys is cool in my book that you can add stuff but i can add damn near whatever i want at four peaks and i don't feel ripped there.  Every penny is worth it in my book.  Five guys No. Only if there's nothing else close by i haven't tried or if i am too lazy and don't wanna be adventurous and i am starving out of my mind where i just need quick food. There is another problem with five guys and a reason i don't really go to them often is that there are too many excited people standing in line for this food that isn't mind blowing good for how tiny their burgers are i would rather go to a in and out and pay half the price and be happy with my recent purchase.Like i said i have lived and traveled all over the world and don't find this place that amazing to wait longer than 10 minutes not including the line just to place your order. I will pass if i find other places close by which isn't difficult it is not like there's a five guys literally in the middle of the desert with no surrounding places to eat.
3	Service was a bit slow, burger was still great.
3	After hearing a bit about Five Guys online, I decided to give them a try.  First impression walking in was very positive.  I liked the decor and the free self-serve peanuts.   Unfortunately, that did not last.  My jaw literally hit the floor when I saw the prices.  Over $5 for a hamburger from a counter-service (i.e. fast-food) restaurant?  Worse yet, I had my three kids with me and Little Cheeseburgers are over $4 each.  I have to say we almost walked out, but I still wanted to try it.   So we proceeded with ordering. I got the hamburger with french fries.  The hamburger was very good.  No doubt about that.  The french fries were okay, but nothing special.  If the burger would have been $3 - $4, I'd probably say it was one of the best I've had in that price range.  At over $5 though, there are many just as good if not better options.Bottom line: good food, but way overpriced.
4	I know, I know.  It's fattening.  I feel like garbage after I eat here.  But when I'm in a fast food burger mood and this place is nearby, I'll take this place 10 of 10 times if my choices are McD's, BK, etc.  God bless you Junior Bacon Cheeseburger.And then when I'm on the treadmill the following day, I'm thinking...what the hell was I thinking?  But I'll still be back.
4	Guilty pleasure. BUT incredible. When ever my will is broke, I will come here. Love the soda machine....too many choices!!!
5	Maybe it's because I am from the east coast, but I don't see the love for In-N-Out burgers.  Since everyone is comparing them here is my 2 cents. Five Guys Burgers are hand formed and taste way more like beef than the thin tiny burgers at In-N-Out.  You can also get pretty much any topping you can think of at Five Guys.  The real stand out is the fries.  I recommend getting them with Cajun as that makes them truly amazing.  No matter what size fires you get they give you a ton of them.  More than enough to share. For what you get I don't see how Five Guys is really that more expensive than any of the other burger places around here.  A "regular" burger here is a double patty burger and very large.  I usually get a small burger and that's just fine.
4	great burger- one of the best i have had, but a little pricey for a fast foodish kind of place.. love the cool soda machine too !
4	Man, this stuff is good.Yes they are a bit pricey, but you are getting really good quality and really good burgers. You'd pay more for a crappy burger at Applebee's, for sure. Five Guys doesn't really compare to fast food if you know your beef.As an aside, the soda machines are a fascinating study in generational usability. Just sit over there and observe for five minutes.
5	Love this place!!! My boyfriend thinks its better than In-n-out. I think the fries here are delicious!!!
1	Burger was ok. This place is disgustingly dirty. If a health inspector came in today, that place would have been shut down. Fries were good, but will not return to this chain again.
4	WOW!i had no idea what the hype was about this place until one day i got off work early and saw a Five Guys on the way home from work. BOMBDIZZLE!the fries are like a orgasm in my mouth. and they give you SOOO much! lol they give you almost a entire bag full to the brim of fries. burger was tasty and juicy, bacon was nice and crispy just the way i like it. i am defiantly a fan! its like a bother in n out burger just a lil different. but in a good way. they finally opened one up in central phoenix! check this joint out you won't be dissapointed.
2	Soggy overpriced fast food burger with allot of hype. When you have to cover the walls with quotes how good your product is, then you have to something to hide.
2	I don't think I've ever complained about price in a review, but $12.54 for a fast food cheeseburger, fries, and a medium drink?  The burger was ok and the fries were pretty good. Probably won't be back. Too many better choices out there (Lobby's, Zipps, Macs, 4Peaks, and of course the greatest of all The Chuck Box).
3	The first time I went to 5 guys I hated it but I'm a true believer of 2nd chances.I ordered the double bacon cheeseburger and wasn't disappointed. I mean, nothing memorable, but a pretty decent taste for a decent price.The service was really good and the best is the Coke machine that has tons of flavors. Got to love it!
4	Really good food but too greasy for my liking! Expensive for the type of food they serve. Very friendly staff.
3	Good burger. Like that they have grilled onions AND grilled mushrooms. Fries are SO much better than In N Out. Fresh cut and thick. Yum. No shakes though....
5	Out shopping here in Ahwatukee today I came upon this Five Guys & stopped in for a first visit & a quick bite.  They were roaring busy at 3 PM, but service was fast & friendly.My "snack" order was for just a regular Cheeseburger, topped with mayo, lettuce, pickles, tomatoes, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, ketchup & mustard.My order came up just a few peanuts later & OMG, what a burger!  I forget somewhat from one Five Guys visit to the next how truly awesome their food is, but with it fresh in memory right now, let me just say this is a VERY SERIOUS BURGER, & VERY FIVE STARS!!Cheeseburger $6.29, plus all the peanuts you want, free!     :-))
4	A lot of bang for your buck... You definitely won't leave this place hungry. For lighter eaters, get a small burger and split the fries... A full order is enough to feed an army!
5	Five Guys is so good. Have to admit that the first time I tried them I was not to impressed but on subsequent visits I have grown to really like them. It seems there is a big Five Guys Vs In N Out thing going on but I don't thing you can compare them. they each have there own unique taste. Plus I don't want to choose on over the other. They are both great.Now Five Guys is just a little more expensive but just a little and it is so worth it. Also just a tip unless you really love french fries just order the small because they pile more than enough into the bag. Which is great but why pay for a large when you get enough with a small unless of course you want a ton of fries.I know they have hot dogs and grilled cheese sandwiches but I haven't been able to get by the burgers yet. They are so good. I get it "all the way" except leave off the grilled mushrooms unless I am in the mood for them. Also a warning their regular burgers are doubles so unless you like double burgers make sure you let them know you want a single.But the menu is fairly simple and you can get anything made the way you want it. Also if you want to hang out and eat there they have free peanuts.The staff is always really nice. You can see them make your food and the place is always clean. Just wish it was a little cheeper so I could eat there more often.They also get an extra point because they have a Coke Freestyle machine.
1	Crappy Excuse for a Burger....1) Tin Foil 2) Tin Foil with hamburger inside3) Tin Foil with hamburger inside full of grease    equals soggy slimy lettuce and tomatoes, cheap cheese, soaked grease bun = a real shitty experience, specially when it costs 13 Dollars for fries and drink.  it takes 5 Guys to make a shitty hamburger?People Don't believe the hype!!! This Place Sucks! Save 7 Dollars then go to Whataburger or In n OutFive Guys Burgers is A MAJOR RIP OFF!!!! WHY PEOPLE PAY FOR THIS SHIT IS BEYOND ME!! ..
4	I like this place a lot, the prices are a little steep is my only complaint really. I love being able to order online and then go pick it up.
5	I had always loved In n Out, in fact, when I lived in Reno years ago, before they had In n Out, my friends and I would drive 2 hours to Sacramento on a Friday night JUST to get In n Out... But, since moving to Phoenix, I have to say that Five Guys is really awesome. They take a little time to get your order ready, BECAUSE THEY COOK IT FRESH WHEN YOU ORDER IT. In n Out also takes pretty much that long... I don't know what kind of grill you work on that defies the laws of physics, but it takes a certain amount of time to properly cook meat...I would give Five Guys a leg up on In n Out BECAUSE they let you decide what's on the burger to a greater extent, they have mushrooms, A-1, and BACON! and the beef just tastes better IMHO. The grease is what makes it great! If you don't want a burger with grease, go buy a Boca burger and choke on it... seriously, because you don't love food if you think that and certainly don't know what you're talking about.Their fries are pretty damn good and actually TASTE like you're eating a potato! Which is few and far between, TBH. So, next time you are in the mood for a burger... THIS is the spot.. it's hearty, filling, perfect amount of a juicy, mouthwatering, foodgasm... :-)
5	Five guys burgers and fries - YUM Had the burger all the way with a couple more toppings - excellent!Fries were great!They have one of those Coke machines with a couple dozen drinks to choose from.Excellent!A better burger can't be had anywhere else
5	I love the burgers here and the Cajun fries are awesome! The grease will seep through the bag though.. It's definitely not good for you.
4	I love this place especially because they offer options for people who don't want a burger. Hamburger meat doesn't sit well in my stomach so I get their veggie sandwich with cheese. AMAZING!The fries are crispy and hot every time. They could move a little faster making everything but no complaints as far as quality.
5	I have never been here before so I was wondering what the peanuts, potatoes and peanut oil stacked up were about. The peanuts are for customers to snack on before the meal and the potatoes and peanut oil are the stock they use during the day. A customer is able to see the fresh ingredients they use every day. Moving on. I asked the employee what he recommended after determining that he was not a vegetarian, vegan or one of those people that eat out of trash cans. He recommended what he gets, a bacon cheeseburger with onions mushrooms and bbq sauce. Note: He recommended the A-1 steaksauce. It is always a good sign when an employee eats where they work. Now I think is a good time to describe myself I am indistinguishable from a hobo except for no smell and a $400 phone. Unshaved with a 10 year old shirt and shorts and hair all bed slept. They were courteous and friendly to me. I just don't feel the need to dress up to go to do my business which is why I was over on this side of town. Down to the food now. The fries were delicious, fresh and well seasoned. The burger was good not spectacular I would probably sear it more but still good. The ambiance was nice with good music from the 80's, 70's and 60's playing. The sound system seems to be bad at the low end to the point you wish the loud songs would get over quick. It was enjoyable enough that I will be bringing my kids here next week. I am giving it 4.5 stars but I will mark 5 stars as you cannot give half stars. Improvements I would like to see but probably never would are: a new sound system and a sear burner for the burgers.
5	It was our first time eating here. Burgers are really good. Had a little bacon cheeseburger all the way as suggested in the reviews. Loved the mushrooms and it has way more of a homemade taste another burger joints. We got a regular fries, which is big order and had a nice crunch/taste. We will definitely eat there again.
4	LOVE the burgers here & with being on Atkins I can still feel like a NORMAL person and have a burger outside of my own kitchen.  I order mine in a bowl (no bun) and it is sooooooooo good.  Sad I can't enjoy the fries - however when I used to be able to - they were friggen awesome.  A regular size order can feed 3 people - seriously.  Everytime I visit a Five Guys, folks are always nice and the place is clean & in order.  LOVE LOVE LOVE!!
4	Crazy delicious! Tastes just like my grandma would make on her griddle, grilled onions and all. The fries are by far the best fast food fries I've ever had. You just can't beat them! We always get great service and the place is very clean.
5	THIS PLACE! As much as I like In n Out, this place is even better. The burgers are amazing, and free toppings? Who can complain. I love the fries. Even if you really wanna pig out, the regular order of fries can feed two people. and BULK PEANUTS?! I think yes. They have the Coke Freestyle machine, which is just pure soda bliss. They have malt vinegar up by the ketchup, too. Oh, and I love that the managers work with their employees. Some restaurants you'll never see a manager, but at Five Guys they make sure to see how you're doing, how your food is. Not a freezer in the place, and they say what farm the potatoes are from. It's a really neat and relaxed place.
1	Over priced, waited to long, alittle dirty. Honestly I rather go to in and out to get better service for a better price
2	I've been here a couple of times and it is always seems to be the same.  The first half of my burger is great! Then the bun begins to crumble and fall apart.  This leaves me with an ugly mess on the wrapping in front of me and really just disappointed.  I have no complaints about the fries, they are actually very good.  The Cajun fries especially.  I only wish they had cheese fries.  Damn that yahoo article that told me otherwise...
3	I like the food but they have the music so loud it's uncomfortable.  I don't eat here often because of the music.
4	5 Guys is a notch better than In & Out.  The only thing that worries me is the price of Five Guys.  Thats going to turn a lot of people off.  They need to keep it under $10 for one person ordering a burger, fries and drink.  Great place though.
3	Kids liked this place - the free peanuts and the burger/fries.  It is a bit expensive compared to fast food places but I really enjoyed the few fries I tried.  Can't wait to come back and try a burger myself.  The staff was very friendly.
4	5 guys has the best burgers that taste so fresh!  Always friendly service and peanuts to munch on as well. If u haven't tried 5 guys ur missing out.
4	Such a good burger!! So juicy and delicious!! Lots of choices and they are all... FREE (except for a select few)!! Their fries are OK. I prefer in-n-outs better, but I'll live. My biggest complaint is the price. It takes longer than any fast food joint to get your burger and it's double the price. Yes, they are delicious, but it's still just a burger. I do really like the fact that they have peanuts to snack on while you're waiting! That does help.
5	Another guest accidentally took my order. After patiently waiting a bit I questioned them on my order and the mix up was discovered. Manager comped my meal for me. Kudos to you Five Guys. Thank you!  Ps love the fries here.
5	My favorite burgers! Bacon cheeseburger all the way.  The Cajun fries are delicious and the atmosphere is casual and fun. I love this place.
3	This is one of my favorite fast-food burgers with a ton of options.  My problem is, everytime I eat here, I end up spending $10 on a burger.  I do enjoy the burger, and granted I do order it "Grilled Cheese" style and get 2 patties, but $10 for a fast-food burger is a little much.  I'm afraid I will keep going anyway when I get the urge.  BTW, if you do go here, and you like grilled cheese; do yourself a favor and order the Grilled Cheeseburger.  It's not on the menu, but they will know exactly what you want and probably comment that it is the Best way to order their burgers!
3	I love the burgers here and the fries are pretty awesome too. 4 stars for the food. I'm hitting the review for 1 star for The one thing I hate, how loud they keep the music. The kitchen adds to the noise level due to having to shout out the orders. You can't hear them call out your orders because all you hear is the music!News flash to the management, if you turn down the flipping music your kitchen staff wouldn't need to yell over the music. The level of music is most annoying when you're trying to have a conversation with someone and you can't hear each other.
3	We ate here on our last day in Phoenix,  ,there tends to be a queue,but it does go down quite quick. Unfortunatley I think I had been spoilt by having a burger the night before at 5 Napkin & that was really good.Five Guys Burgers isn't cheap,the Five Guys Burgers cost as much as the burgers if not more.The smokehouse burger was good,the fries ok,the Five Guys Burgers  was really good.Personally it seems a hot of hype,as 2 burgers,2 fries & 2 Five Guys Burgers just under $30.The main problem is waiting for seats,whilst eating people are hovering around,standing by you waiting for you to finish & jump into your seat.
