5	Wow! I'll say it backwards, WOW! This is a cool neighborhood place that is worth the drive if you don't live there. The decor is cool, kids will love hanging out and the adults too. The cupcakes arre delicious! My favorite so far is the Sweet Potato cupcake. Moist, with a marshmellow sweetness, crushed pecans on top. The kids loved the vanilla chocolate and M&M's cupcakes too. Get a dozen or half dozen, its the best value.
5	Oh this day of thanks, I am thankful for many things - cupcakes included. However, I get pretty ornery when I nosh on a sub par cupcake. I am delighted to report that Cupcrazed did not disappoint in the least. I've been waiting for this Fort Mill cupcakery to open for months - and, I don't even live close to Fort Mill. Yup, I drove the distance to try some of Cupcrazed's delectable cup o cakes and here's the dish...The space: So freakin' cute. Seriously a ten on the precious scale. You'll see kitschy mix & match vintage dishes, reclaimed and painted furniture and a general adorableness throughout. Plus, free Wi-Fi! The staff: Super kind, funny & helpful. They give great suggestions and really ensure that you enjoy your cupcake & time at Cupcrazed. The staff is also super upfront and apologetic (during the first few days of business) as they work out the cupcake supply & demand kinks. A+ for honesty and service. The cupcakes: Best cupcakes around - and that includes Charlotte. No jok - Heather & the folks at Cupcrazed crank out some amazing flavors like Margarita, Reese's Peanut Butter, Sweet Potato, Chocolate Stout and the traditional chocolate/vanilla/sprinkled combos. There are so many tasty options, your head just might blow off. I kept my head securely screwed on and snarfed down a Reese's Peanut Butter cupcake (with chocolate ganache frosting) in about 30 seconds flat. Absolutely divine. The peanut butter cake portion was flavorful and well made. From my limited cooking experience, peanut butter cookies/cupcakes/etc. can be dry but this cup 'o cake was not. It wasn't oozing moisture but it was delightful nonetheless. And the frosting was perfection - sweet but not saccarine-y and the perfect amount to compliment the cupcake. The price: $2.50 each for standard cupcakes (vanilla, chocolate, and a few other flavors), $2.75 each for "crazy cupcakes" (Reese's, Margarita, etc.). And for the cupcake hoarders (or party people), you can nab 6 for $15 or a dozen for $30. This is pretty standard cupcake pricing IMO, especially for super creative and delicious flavors that Cupcrazed offers.So, part of me is really happy I don't live too close to Cupcrazed because I would probably be here "treating" myself every day. In the meantime, I'll just hope that work or errands take me down to Fort Mill more often so I can stock up on these incredible cupcakes!
4	So I've been here twice now.  Those two visits have yielded a total of four different cupcakes. I'm pleased to say that three of the four were awesome.The first two I tried was a chocolate kiss cupcake (yellow cake with chocolate icing, topped with a hershey's kiss).  Even a day later, this was a tasty morsel.  The other cupcake was a chocolate cupcake with a vanilla (?) buttercream icing.  The cake was good, but the butter in the icing was a little too strong for my liking.The second trip, I grabbed a carrot cake and a Grand Marnier cupcake.  The carrot cake was moist and the cream cheese icing was not too overpowering.  The GM was the best of the four.  I took the helpful hint and microwaved it for a few seconds and it was was fantastic.  Chocolatey with just the right amount of orange flavor.  Good good stuff.If you're looking for the best selection, stop by early in the day.  Coming after work usually yields only three or four options.  If you call or shoot them a tweet, they can let you know what flavors are available that day and they're more than willing to pull some aside for you.The interior of the bakery is bright coffeehouse chic, complete with free wifi and comfy seating.I'll be back!
4	There are cupcake places everywhere now - including all over metro Charlotte.  The latest one to pop up is Cupcrazed in the faux village of Baxter just off of exit 85 in Fort Mill.   It's a cool location and they also serve coffee and other treats.  The cupcakes are good but they are no better or worse than any other cupcake place in the area I've tried.  Cupcakes are a craze kind of like the fro yo craze.  When the ingredients don't vary much from one location to the next, it's all going to taste pretty similar. This one just happens to be on the way home from work.I stopped in for the first time on Valentine's Day to get my wife a red velvet cupcake.  I also got a vanilla butter cream cupcake and both were fresh and good - even at 6:30 pm. I was actually surprised they had a decent amount of cupcakes left because from reading their facebook page they sometimes run out.  I'm rating the cupcakes here and they were good so 4 stars though I really should knock it down to 3 for the service.  I'm sure they were very busy and at the end of the day they were tired, but no one working I talked to seemed to be very friendly.  If you open a business, charge a minimum of $2.50 a cupcake and someone is buying at full price 30 minutes before you close, you should be pretty happy.  I'm not complaining about the price - I know quality ingredients and no fillers cost more and make for a better product.  I'm saying other cupcake places taste the same, cost the same, and were friendlier.Update: I went back the following day and this time, the woman who I believe is the owner was very nice.  I did not see her the first time I went.  They had some cupcakes left over which were marked down but they still tasted very fresh.
5	I have no culinary training, and I can't bake to save my life, but I consider myself somewhat of a cupcake expert...mostly because I eat them at any opportunity I can.  I travel frequently and always seek out small Cupcake shops in the cities I go to...I've sampled A LOT of cupcakes from major players like Crumbs to small start up shops in small cities.  I love that cupcake shops have exploded...you can find them anywhere.  What I have learned though, is that not just anyone should open a cupcake shop...only a select few have any buisness selling their cupcakes.  And I am happy to say that Cupcrazed is in that elite group.The store itself is adorable...that perfect blend of kitch and attitude...you want to grab a cupcake, grab a coffee and stay awhile.  Once you taste your cupcake, you'll want to stay a lot longer than a while...you will want to eat your way through the store!  Cupcrazed offers a different variety of flavors each day, along with some everyday offerings such as reses peanut butter cup, 24 Karat carrot and Red Velvet.  I love this aspect of variation in the menu...stopping by after work is exciting...I never know what new flavor awaits inside.  Some of my favorites have been Oreo, Hot Fudge Sundae, Chocolate Covered Strawberry, Baileys Irish Cream (omg!!!) and Snickers.  The cake is moist, the flavors SUPERB...and don't get me started on the icing/garnishes.  The cupcakes are as pleasing to the eye as they are to the pallate...I literally can't wait to eat them.  I usually find myself asking..."how did they do that"....after I eat one.  Wow.  Just wow!These are not just your average cupcakes, or just another cupcake shop.  These cupcakes are amazing!!!  I believe Cupcrazed has by far the best Cupcakes in the Charlotte area; I've tried all the others, and there really is no comparison.  If you enjoy a cupcake made with love...head to Cupcrazed.  You will not regret it!!!
5	When tan entrepreneur  such as Cupcrazed, sets up shop right around the corner from you, you GO!  I was recently at a baby shower.  My blogger friend Jessica Gatlyn of BOHO Baby Bump gave a baby shower for our friend  so, she headed to the Cupcrazed, her new favorite spot and provided her guest with the Cupcrazed wares.  Jessica was the first person who told me about Cupcrazed,  just one day before the shower.  So of course, and immediately, headed right over to the scrumptious Cupcrazed. I bought my self(and family) a box of six tiny delightful, almost like each little tiny delicacy was smiling at me, Cupcrazed cupcake.  When you visit  Cupcrazed, think of me and what I have said, and see if your review does not turn out as silly, but never the less true, as mine! : ) I am coming for my 6 again.  ; )
5	Cupcrazed gets a gold star for customer service, I was heading to Columbia for my mother in law's birthday and thought it would be nice to show up with some cupcakes.  I noticed Cupcrazed didn't open till 10a, but I thought I would call and see if I could come in a little earlier.The girl who answered the phone was really pleasant and said for me to come on and tap on the door.  WOW.  That's pretty darn nice.Of course I was pressed for time, but that didn't stop me from yapping and taking photos, it was so cute in Cupcrazed, I couldn't help myself.  Now for the important question.  How were the cupcakes? They were crazy... crazy good!  Can't wait to go back for another six pack.
1	These are some of the worst cupcakes I have had as they were extremely dry, not very moist cupcakes at all.  Not sure if it was because it was the end of the day or if this is how they really are.I originally purchased a reeses cupcake, but I wanted a red velvet, and I thought they were out.  I asked the worker if red velvet typically go quickly.  She said they still had them and they were to my right.  I was shocked that they were red velvet, as they did not appear to me to be red velvet, but I figured I'd give it a shot since red velvet is my favorite! The red velvet appeared no differently than it did in the store, not very red except for the center, actually appeared more like a brown color on the outside rims.  This might mean it is overcooked? Or reason for the dryness?  I don't know, either way, it was probably the worst red velvet cake/cupcake/cookie I have had because of the overall taste and dryness.  I like a pretty cream cheesy icing when it comes to red velvet as well, and this icing just didn't taste that way.  Very creamy and good, but not real cream cheesy. I did not come close to finishing this cupcake.I was looking forward to the reeses cupcake as that is my favorite candy! The reeses cupcake is just an overwhelming chocolate cupcake, with a tiny tiny bit of chocolate in between and a mini reeses on top.  If you are a chocolate lover, this is for you.  The reeses cup chocolate and peanut butter ratio just didn't match this chocolate and peanut butter cupcake ratio.  Maybe think about having chocolate cupcake, peanut butter icing, top with a chocolate.  This cupcake was also unfortunately very dry so I did not finish it as well. This shop looks like it has many interesting flavors and I would be interested in trying others, but if they fail with red velvet, I just can't see myself going back.  :(
4	This is a super cute little bakery with some wonderful cupcakes! I have been there about 10-15 times.  I love the decor, and they have an amazingly friendly staff!99% of the cupcakes I have had are awesome, with just 1 or 2 not being my favorites, but they would be good if people had different tastes than me.  For example, I had a Twix cupcake the other day, and it was just WAY too chocolatey for me, however, I do not like a super chocolate cake. I have never had one that didn't taste good, just ones that weren't my taste. However, their chocolate with buttercream won me over even with chocolate cake not being my favorite cake flavor!The red velvet is awesome (not bright red like the food color packed ones at other places) and the Coconut Macaroon is my absolute favorite. Their variety is unmatched, and they are always willing to try new things (you can see when they have suggestions on their Facebook, and within a few weeks, that cupcake shows up in the store).It is a great place to stop in, grab a cupcake and a comfy spot to sit and take a little break for the afternoon!
4	First tried these delicious bites of heaven at the Yelpo de Mayo event.  SOO good.  The margarita cupcake was refreshing with scrumptious lemony frosting.  The mojito was to die for with basil/lemon frosting, but perhaps my favorite was the mexican chocolate, with rich coa coa frosting and a hint of spice.  These are beautiful and amazing...and I'm not generally a huge cupcake fan.
5	In Baxter Village, a planned community in Fort Mill which is often referred to as "Pleasantville", "Stepford", and "Agrestic East", Cupcrazed Cakery offers some welcome texture to a homogenous bubble.Every day, owner Heather McDonnell and her dedicated staff serve up themed creations such as Kool-Aid, Girl Scout cookie, Double Rainbow, Maple Bacon, Policeman Specials (coffee cupcake with a house-made mini doughnut on top) and Monthly Charity Cupcakes in addition to their regular, more traditional flavors.Daily specials are publicized on facebook and twitter, and their insatiable customer base often buys out the entire shop before closing time. If you can't get there early,  call to request a specific cupcake to be set aside for you. Like the sign on the wall there says, "We are not Wal-Mart. We don't have everything every day." Heed the advice and get the rarities while you can.A gluten-free oven is reserved for selections for those with wheat sensitivities, vegan cupcake concoctions are offered on a regular basis, and Cupcrazed is dedicated to using natural and fresh ingredients in their treats. Unlike some other cupcake shops, all of the cupcakes are made fresh daily, unless they are noted to be day old, and those are sold at half price. They're still good, and are a bargain, to boot.Outdoor seating has recently been added, or tear into a luscious cake pop in the adorably funky and cozy dining area flanked by iconic pop culture images altered to include cupcake kitsch. Coffee and other beverages are also available, and free Wi-Fi for customers, ahem, sweetens the experience.
5	Cute interior! Decorated with cupcake pictures, eclectic and fun furniture, everything that a bakery should be! It's in Baxter Village, which is very cute as well.The cupcakes are so creative and beautiful...and served on dainty plates. They sponsored Yelpo de Mayo and impressed everyone! They had each mini-cupcake made especially with Cinco de Mayo theme in mind. In addition, they made special cookies (e.g., saguaros, sombreros, pistols). Definitely impressive with their decoration and attention to detail in everything they make. The theme in this review is: cute, cute, cute!
5	Hands down the best cupcakes I have ever had. I'm picky when it comes to sweets, haven't had a cupcake from Cupcrazed that I wasn't 100% happy with. My kids love it, there is a great atmosphere inside the shop. Staff is great, flavors are awesome, all around great experience. Be back VERY soon!
5	Love their cupcakes!! I met them at Yelpo De Mayo and was so impressed with their treats that today I ordered and received 30 cupcakes for a work event. Everything was ready and on time and most importantly, DEEELISH!!Props to Heather, Debbie and Amy!  I will be back to buy more cupcakes soon!(and the store is adorable too)
2	Well, since this is my local cupcake shop...I was hoping that it would get more stars.  I love cupcakes and always try to find a shop that will impress me more than the last.Positive: Located in a great neighborhood and it's a great place to sit and have some coffee and a cupcake.  Staff was friendly.The cupcakes: the price was average, but they were regular "home baking" sized cupcakes...seems some shops they are just a tad bigger...so for the price, it really was nothing special.  I found they were a bit dryer than other places.  I was sadly disappointed...I'd say they were average homemade cupcakes...I wouldn't make a special trip here.  But then again, I am comparing them to many other cupcake stores I've visited, so if you haven't tried many others, you might find these great and the charm of the store impressive.  I've had better.Would still stop in due to the close proximity if I was meeting a friend for coffee, but not because of the cupcakes....sorry:(
5	WOW, I love this bakery, I'm a red velvet snob but I tried the red velvet at cupcrazed it was perfecttttt :)  Their cupcakes are not only fun flavors but fit for any child or adult lol  I've had the Reese's and Health cupcake their icing isnt sugary like most bakeries.   I havent tried the pushpops but I'm gonna try those next time. The cake pops are wonderful this place is gonna be busy so get in quick before there's a line :)
3	I've been to Cupcrazed a few times now and I have to say they're not bad but they definitely need to work on a few things.  My biggest complaint is the cake is too dry, period.  This seems to be a complaint with several people and I don't understand why they haven't fixed it.  They do have some very creative flavors on their site, unfortunately they rarely seem to have some of the more "fancy" flavors without calling to make an order for them first.My husband got margarita cupcakes for my birthday and the frosting was divine, the cake was fair.  Again, too dry.  The decorations atop the cupcakes are always super cute and eye catching.Overall, they aren't bad, but I'm hoping with time they will get better.
5	Cupcrazed has the best cupcakes and they cater to people with food allergies. My kids love the place and the staff is always friendly and welcoming. It's a must stop in Baxter Village.
5	I've eaten more than my fair share of Cupcrazed Cupcakes, and I don't even live in Ft. Mill. All yummy stuff! The store is cute and quirky, as is the staff. Heather, the owner, is hilarious and works her tush off to run a great store with a great product. My faves are the 24 karat, red velvet, & margarita. They also made me a custom order for my husband's grad school graduation with super cute decorations to celebrate the occasion. My waistline is thankful I don't live closer. ;)
3	We have visited Cupcrazed several times now.  The cupcakes are pretty good.  I haven't tried the cake pops or cookies, but they look really good. On Facebook I read about these unique flavors they make, but on our three (maybe four?) visits, I rarely see any of these.  One night we did make it in time to get a policeman's special (cupcake with mocha icing and a mini doughnut on top).  So cute.  My son was dying to try it.  He really didn't comment about it after he ate it, which tells me it was just okay.  Hubby had no comment either.  Personally, I couldn't even taste the mocha in the icing.  He also said it just tasted like vanilla.  I kinda feel the same way about others I have tried.  The cupcake doesn't quite live up to the description.Most disappointing to me is that I have yet to encounter a staff member that seemed gung ho to be at work.  I mean a cupcake shop is a place where people go for a treat, they go there happy, they take their kids there to make them happy, it should be a light hearted and fun experience.  I have yet to get that vibe while in the Cupcakery.  I actually almost feel like kids aren't really welcome (and yes, my kids are very well behaved!)The interior is really cute and I love the way it's decorated - it feels nice and homey and like the owner really put a lot of love and thought into it.   My complaint is that they write the names of the cupcakes on the front of the bakery case with dry erase marker.  This seems so unprofessional to me. The handwriting is difficult to read,  and not very attractive (sorry!).  I don't see why they don't make some pretty little place cards to put in front of the cupcakes.  They have the same regulars every day so this wouldn't be difficult - they would just need additional ones for the specials.  I think this touch would be more in line with the decor rather than neon dry erase marker.I feel bad about this review, because from what I read on Facebook, the owner is clearly passioniate about her business.  I will go back and give this place another try and I really hope I find a go-to cupcake because I really want to love this place.
5	Alright, after going back to Cupcrazed several times since my initial review and having their cupcakes at SC Strawberry Festival, I am bumping them up to 5 star status. I have had a few other flavors of cupcakes, and anyone who says the cakes are dry is probably eating them the next day.  Also, someone mentioned the size was the same as homemade cupcakes and that is definitely not true.  I can eat about 3 cupcakes from a home muffin tin but can barely finish a cupcake from Cupcrazed.  I've also now had a chance to have cupcakes from some other cakeries in Charlotte, and Cupcrazed cupcakes are a little better than the others.  The people and the owner have all been really nice too.  Of course, what brought me back to update the review was the fact that they were on Cupcake Wars and won.  A few days after the episode, my wife brought me a couple of sweet tea cupcakes, which they made on the show that featured a southern theme.  The first one I ate was delicious.  It was moist, had a slight sweet taste, and a lemon frosting that also had a sweetness to it.  I ate the 2nd one the next day, and despite being stored properly, that one was dry, but that's to be expected from cupcakes that aren't made with artificial preservatives when you eat them the next day.The only thing I would like to see from Cupcrazed now is all natural cupcakes, such as a natural red velvet cupcakes.  Things like beet juice can be used for color, and sadly, some people are allergic to red food dye (a lot of people are actually).  Anyone who says anything bad about this place most likely is connected to someone else who owns a cupcake shop.  Other cupcake places I've been to are good, but Cupcrazed is the best.
4	I actually watched the Food Network show Cupcake Wars,   (Their team was memorable...and burned a pan of okra on the show, and set a small grease fire!) and didn't realize the winners, Cupcrazed was local, until they showed up at my workplace with a dozen mini cupcakes. I nommed one, and was hooked.  It was the most moist, buttery, flavorful cupcake I had ever eaten. MARGARITA in a cake? Brills! So today, my husband and I made the 25 minute trek to Fort Mill to try the real deal. Some CCz'd diehards...please don't hurt me when I say some flavors were extremely dry, crumbly and impossible to pick up with a fork.  We had the cookies and creme cupcake on a recommendation, and the flavor was DY-NO-MITE. It tasted just like an Oreo cookie sundae. The frosting, dead on for the Oreo filling. But the cake...oh dear. We also got the 24 Karat, which is a carrot cake, but with coconut, walnuts and raisins. THIS CAKE IS TO DIE FOR.  That moistness was back, and the flavor, bursting with each bite.  There is a lot of frosting on this cupcake, but my husband ate the rest of what I didn't eat. TIP: They sell cartons of milk and other drinks...very important to the cupcake experience!CC #3: Butter Rum Toffee. The frosting is deliciously buttery and sweet, but again, the cake, was...not as dry as the cookies and cream, but it tasted as if the cake had been sitting out all day.  We went at about 2:30pm, and it was the 2nd to last BRT cupcake in the case, so maybe it just fell victim to being out in the open too long? CC#4: Vanilla on Vanilla. Same as BRT. Clear vanilla taste in the cake and frosting, but slightly dry.  Have had better. CC#5: Double Chocolate: Dense and super chocolaty-- this was moist and brownie-like, but still doesn't beat the 24 Karat! Bottom Line:  The setting is friendly and homey, with bright colored wooden tables and wooden chairs with wicker seats.  Lots of kids around, lots of options. I'd get the cupcakes fresh as soon as they come out of the kitchen, or know which flavors are known for being moist. When you get a good one, Cupcrazed knocks it outta the park.TIP: Mini cupcakes (in egg cartons) are $15 a dozen (When we were there today, it was bacon maple, mmm.) and there was one lone giant cupcake, which was $5. One day I will have to try a "push pop"-- which I'm told is like the old-school kids push pops (think, Flintstones sherbet!) but with cake and frosting layers in a clear tube!
4	Tried their Sweet Tea, Hummingbird, and Red Velvet mini-cupcakes last night at the Brewer's Ball to benefit the Cystic Fibrosis foundation.  Sadly, the cupcakes were a bit dry, but I am sure they had to bake in advance to be sure they would have enough for the event.  (And as it turns out they did donate over 600 cupcakes to the event - kudos for supporting such a great cause!  And, I do need to point out that, I have sampled some of their cupcakes before at another event & those were delicious and not at all dry!  I think it was a mexican chocolate  w/ a little bit of peppery kick -yummo! Of the cakes I tried last night, the Red Velvet was the worst - it was really dry and tasteless. The Sweet Tea was slightly dry but had excellent flavor.  The Hummingbird was the best of the night - it definitely was the most flavorful and moist of those that I tried. I would definitley like to check out the shop though & get a fresh cupcake.  And I do look forward to watching the Cupcake Wars episode that they won on the Food Network.  (It will run again on Tues Sept 20.)
4	I was really excited to see Cupcrazed Cakery at the Brewer's Ball and even  more excited that the owner encouraged me to take one of each! Yes, my dates dietary restrictions stopped him from eating any but I had no problem scarfing down bites of all 5 (hey they were mini's!) - here's how they stacked:In order of favor:1) Red Velvet - oh.my.god I would give CC 3 stars but this delicious cupcake is the reason this business gains a fourth star from moi. Perfect in every way...this was the only one I ate in it's entirety.2) Hummingbird- Muffin meets cupcake. I suppose this had more traditional muffin flavors (cinnamon, nuts, fruits) but I thought these were tasty as well.3) Oreo - tasted very much like an oreo...they had the frosting down. I needed some milk for this one though that's for sure. 4) Shrimp Creole- I'll give them props for providing a savory cupcake, but this wasn't something I would purchase myself. 5) Sweet Tea- To be fair I am not a huge fan of regular Sweet Tea (GASP!) I like tea a little less sugar-crazed ...these cupcakes were enough to cause instant cavities ..and therefore I didn't care for them.
5	This small shop in Baxter really does put out a top notch cupcake. They have a small selection that changes daily, but I usually get the red velvet cupcake.  Before you judge someone who ruined their entire life over a drug addiction, try a bite of their red velvet cupcake and put the rest of it down in front of you - that's how I imagine addiction feels.  The first time I was in, they had a zucchini cupcake which they let me try that was really, really good, but I have not seen it (or any veggie not named carrot themed cupcake since).I've heard two things since they've opened: 1) people make shows about cakes now, and 2) they won one of those shows about cakes.  I really hope that fame doesn't ruin it like it did The Penguin and Facebook.  Stay strong Cupcrazed!
5	they have the best pineapple upside down cupcake and the carrot cake cupcake is to die for. they definitely live up to the hype! i just wish i could have gotten them to make cupcakes for my daughters birthday, but of course because they were on tv, you have to book super early. maybe next year..
5	Go Cupcakes! Cupcrazed, I love you so much I want to marry you. You have a cute store, you have cushy nooks to sit in, you have pretty little dishes to eat off of, you are in sweet little Baxter, and your cupcakes are PERFECT.  My daughter had the red velvet (moist, chocolatey and the icing had the great sweet/sour taste of the cream cheese that it should). I had the lemon cupcake, which was nice and lemony and wonderifically moist.  I will make the drive from Charlotte to visit you again!
5	The Cupcake paparazzi is here!These give a brand new perspective to Cupcakes!  Cupcakes as good as a Cake just smaller!  These are Fantastic and they have a selection of flavors that appealed to me more than any shop I've been in yet.  Today I devoured the following three selections: S'mores (check the spelling but you probably know and can see my photo) Chocolate Cake, Graham Cracker, Chocolate Icing, ROASTED Marshmallow, and a Chocolate Bar stuck in the icing - 2nd Selection Chocolate Cake with Butter Cream (maybe vanilla?) and 3rd Red Velvet with as you may have guessed Cream Cheese Icing.  So if you are wondering what I had for dessert just wait I'm writing that review next. All my friends know I do not like a lot of attention, yet I love the boldness of an Owner or staff person from a Business to come outside and invite me in!  After eating cupcakes at almost every specialty store (most not good enough to review) this is BY FAR my FAVORITE!
5	The best dam cupcakes!!!! I have tried many and have not been disappointed at all.
5	Yeah, it's all that...worth the drive, worth the calories. My advice: stop at one - any increment beyond that will surely not end well. We called ahead to make sure they still had cupcakes. They advised us they were going quickly and offered to reserve some. Boy am I glad we did! When we pulled up about an hour after calling (5ish), they had closed because they were out of cupcakes. However, ours were boxed and ready to go. The red velvet was excellent, perfect cream cheese frosting - not too sweet and no trace of crisco anywhere. (I'm for Team Butter).  Good thing I don't live closer.
5	I'm in love AND I am in cupcake heaven.  First, let me say, this little bakery is adorable.  I personally don't go to a bakery for the decor but this place is just so quaint, chic and fun.  I love the fact that Cupcrazed is set up like a coffee shop so you can eat there if you prefer.  I also have to mention that I love the "village" where Cupcrazed is located.  Baxer Village is adorable and there is a ton to do so it makes the trip to Fort Mill worth it.  NOW, onto the good stuff...the cupcakes are...amazing, mouth-watering, perfectly balanced, moist and BIG.  I have tried to figure out what it is that makes them so good and I can't really put my finger on it.  They are just fresh, full of flavor and bursting with goodness.  It is a party in my mouth with EVERY bite.  I have been a couple times but never wrote about it.  I love that these cupcakes are tall and more dense than a normal "cake" would be.  I had "Peanut Butter and Jelly" and it was scrumptious!!  I love anything peanut butter but this was one of the best PB treats I have ever had.  It was a peanut butter cake with a peanut butter icing and a drizzle of peanut butter sauce on the top.  The center was literally a strawberry preserve/jelly.  The icing didn't seem like a typical buttercream..it was almost more like a peanut butter confections sugar icing...I could be wrong so don't quote me.  It was sweet but again, it balanced the cake.it was in proportion.They had other fun, creative flavors like Blueberry streussel, Macaroon, Chocolate Sundae, Lemon Tart, etc.It is no wonder this bakery WON Cupcake Wars!!!  I don't know who watches that show but I DO and I am SUPER impressed with any team that can even get on in the first place, or to the 2nd round, let alone WIN!  But, after tasting this little piece of heaven, I am not surprised one bit.  I love that they change out the flavors and they really do have unique flavors in comparison to some of the other cupcakeries in Charlotte.It is worth the trip if you are not local...go check out the shops, restaurants and this fun, adorable, tasty bakery!  You WILL NOT be disappointed.
4	One might expect the winner of Cupcake Wars to be the best cupcake place in a city, which is it not. But Cupcrazed gets extra points for having a great space with a nice place to sit (so you don't have to munch down in the car like a crazy cupcake stalker), a wide variety of inventive flavors, not skimping on the frosting and their great use of social media.  Us social media fans love rewarding great businesses who embrace social media and communicate regularly with their fans. (other businesses take note!) That all makes it worth the 13 mile drive to get cupcakes for occasions such as anniversaries, etc.  I've had their mexican chocolate, margarita, key lime, coconut, 24 Carrot, Reeses peanut butter and mint chocolate cupcakes. I would totally recommend the mexican chocolate, margarita and mint chocolate cupcakes. The mint and peanut butter frosting has great flavor to it without being overwhelming. However, I wish the frosting in general was a little smoother and the cakes less dry (especially coconut). The 24 Carrot was supposed to be their most popular and I wasn't super impressed with the cream cheese frosting. There are moister cakes in town, though I love that they also prepare smaller cupcakes sometimes for tasting so you can fall in love with more flavors. I think their prices are very reasonable, and at the end of the day they often run BOGO offers or bulk deals. That definitely makes up for the distance.
2	I know folks are crazy about this place, but it is just okay with me.  I have been here many times and on various days of the week/time. It is hit or miss, some of the cakes are really moist and others are really dry, yet their frosting is always nice.  I don't know, in fact I went today and purchased two.  I like to support local businesses and guess I keep hoping for more moist cake. I still prefer a place in Charlotte, but can not always get there, so this is a nice alternative for sweet tooth.
2	FORGET IT !My wife and I drove 40 miles in order to to experience a "WINNER". This was Saturday at about 2PM. We were so diappointed. The interior decor of the shop is nice and comfortable. The men's bathroom was spotless.We bought 6 various cupcakes and brought them home. My wife ate one, then later ate the topping off another and threw the cake in the trash. My 3 cupcakes were very dry and heavy. The toppings were weak in flavor. We were expecting an award winner, but got 6 losers.
5	Was in today and it was excellent as always! The pumpkin cupcake is divine!
2	I was extremely disappointed. After following the cakery on Facebook and reading about all their flavors I had to try them out. I ordered carrot, vanilla with vanilla, vanilla with chocolate, chocolate with chocolate and strawberry. The carrot ones were the best but all were dry and too dense for me. I prefer a fluffier cake. In one of the carrot cupcakes there was a big piece of carrot that didn't get chopped up. Also wasn't a fan of the filling in the strawberry one. I may try them again if I'm in the area but won't be special ordering any more. Will definitely ask which ones are freshest before placing my order.
3	We have since been back two or three times.  I do think the selection of cupcakes is better than it used to be.  More of the specialty flavors seem to be available. The real reason for this update is to say -try the cookies!  They are awesome.  The peanut butter cookie sandwich with peanut butter buttercream in the middle is the most awesome thing EVER!  I would probably request it as part of my last meal. Awesome!
5	Sweet tea, red velvet and 24 karat before we left and a dozen to go. Wow!  Sweet tea was the best by far!  Great crew-a bunch of guys with fantastic attitudes and a bright future.
5	I love Cupcrazed.  I check for the daily flavors on Facebook every day, to see what temptations Heather and her team are throwing my way.  Of course the usual chocolate, vanilla, etc. are good, but I really enjoy the inventive flavors.  Maple-bacon, sweet tea, and Kool-aid rock!  Kool-aid!  It's like my childhood was distilled in cake form.  There is always a frosting-filled dent in their cupcakes, so you don't end up with dry bites.  In addition, it's a pleasant place to read a book while you snack on your treat.  I'm very happy to have this place nearby.
4	3.5I seriously can't give any cupcake stores anything less than 4 stars. I love cupcakes! But living in DC, I know what good cupcakes taste like! I got a red velvet cupcake. The cream topping was perfect. It was smooth and creamy. I only wish they put slightly more on top. The cupcake itself was slightly dry in the inside but I can tell they were trying to compensate for that by putting more oil on the outside of the cake which made the outside too greasy. I almost felt gross eating the last bite because I can see the oil glistening on my fingers. Not a great sight. I got two other cupcakes but I didn't try them and gave them away. Guilt got the best of me. :)
4	Lucky us to have stopped in on $2 Tuesday. Got a 1/2 dozen and a cake pop.  The Salted Caramel was delish!  The frosting wasn't too sweet on the others either.  The shop was adorable as well.  If I am ever in the area again I will definitely stop back!
5	I did it!  The search is over (well for this month) and everyone can thank me later.I am pleased to announce that I officially had the best cupcake in the Charlotte area at this point in my search.Cupcrazed made a peaches and cream cupcake this past Friday and it was just beyond words.  Literally, I can't even describe it.  It was just perfect.  It tasted like peaches and cream oatmeal that somehow magically converted into a cupcake.  It was done very well.  I would have loved a few more chunks of peaches and maybe a peach compote center of some sort but overall, very very well done!!!!2nd runner up is the Chocolate covered strawberry cupcake at Polka Dot.  I will continue the search throughout the year but Cupcrazed certainly deserves to be mentioned for this fabulously crafted cupcake!!
5	I'm not quite sure what kind of magic Heather and the other Cupcrazers put in their cakes, but their sweets are simply unmatched in deliciousness. Among the things that are so amaze about their cuppies: the size, the frosting/cake ratio, the texture of the cake and the sinfulness of their unique flavors (Hello? Junk in the Trunk? Or my fave, Sweet Tea made with sweet tea vodka?)Heather and crew haven't let their big win on Food Network's Cupcake Wars go to their collective heads -- they are real, funny and wildly entertaining. And the happen to make the best sweets in Charlotte.
5	They didn't win food network because they used Betty Crocker - Kate knows what she is doing and never lacks passion. You almost don't want to eat them they are so artfully created and then there are times when you can't wait to peel away the wrapper and take your sinful to the waistline bite! This is especially so when the cupcake's "star ingredient" is sweetly infused with liquor, than its love at first bite (for me personally anyway). Strolling through baxter village with a cupcake in hand, is like being a child all over again but quickly reminded of my age since the liquor infused cupcake required an ID. I do wish the staff were more friendly and smiled more often. To be creating such fantastic pieces of art, they seem like they work in less than freindly estabishments. Smile, they are FREE and super contagious.
4	My friend and I buy cupcakes here as often as we can. We have never been disappointed with cupcakes. They have been amazing....ALL of them.However we do have one BIG complaint. This place is always in a hurry to close early on Saturday. At least 4 times in the last year we would arrive around 20 minutes prior to scheduled closing and this place will already be closed because it "sold out" of cupcakes. Once we did arrive about 30 minutes before closing and it was open.  The teenagers behind the counter then offered us a dozen cupcakes for $5. We couldn't pass that up!!If Cupcrazed offered those cupcakes at a reduced price on Monday and stayed open until it's scheduled time on Saturday, I think it would have more satisfied customers.
4	When I moved to Fort Mill, I had to say goodbye to some of my favorite cupcake places back home.  I was pleased and relieved to see a specialty cupcake place in the neighborhood.  Cupcrazed has a great variety and some really inventive flavors like Pb&J or Popcorn.While I sometimes find that not all of the flavors are hits with me, I don't mind the occasional mediocre cupcake because I also have a few favorites --- in particular their Sweet Tea flavor and I think it's a Cafe Mocha (?) flavor.   I'm such a fan that sometimes my husband surprises me with cupcakes from here instead of the usual flowers.  Yes, he's a keeper.
3	I am so incredibly bummed to be writing a 3-star review for The Cupcrazed Cakery, guys. I really am. Located in the adorable Baxter Village area of Fort Mill, this place is conveniently located down from the Starbucks and is easy to get to. It's also located right off of the 77, so anyone venturing up from Charlotte should have no trouble finding it at all. You walk in, and the place is absolutely charming. Cute seating areas, and several cases full of delicious-looking cupcakes. The girl working was clearly new (which she mentioned), and while friendly, I actually got the impression that she thought the shop itself was overrated. She made an off-comment about Cupcake Wars and everyone coming there for that in a sarcastic tone, which was odd, but not the biggest of deals. The real shock for me was the cupcakes themselves. They really were just "A-OK" in my book. I tried the Snickers, Salted Caramel, and a Red Velvet. Both the Snickers and Salted Caramel cakes were actually underdone, and the Red Velvet cake was on the dry side. The icing was delicious on the Red Velvet and the Snickers, but was somewhat off on the Salted Caramel. It was absolutely heartbreaking, because the shop itself had so many delicious-looking, interesting flavor options. I think I owe this place one more shot if I'm ever in town again, but for right now, I'm just kinda bummed.
5	Awesome! you wont find better tasting cupcakes around and a wonderful owner and staff a joy to visit and worth my 40 min drive!
2	I. Love. Cupcakes. So I was really hoping to like this place, but after several visits, I won't be back. Every single cupcake I have gotten from here has been dry & lacking flavor :-/
2	I will give it 2 star because I thought the one cupcake I had was okay. I was so excited about getting cupcakes for my companies conference to get them and have the person sent to set up the display ( we purchased 10 dozen cupcakes) refused to put the cupcakes on display because "she wasn't paid for that". I am confident for our next company gathering we will go elsewhere where the customer service is better.
5	Call me a Cupcrazed crazy; I dream about this place and have been known to drive 30 minutes out of my way to satisfy an itch.  Before discovering Cupcrazed, I was wary of cupcake establishments, as I have often discovered that a bad cupcake is easy to find.  Too many times, I've bit into a dry and crumbly disappointment, or grimaced as the icing has been too sugary sweet - not so with Cupcrazed.  As many have noted, Heather McDonnell won the Food Network's "Cupcake Wars," and one bite proves it was an award well-received.  Each bite is moist, rich, and flavorful and kicks all other candidate's depressing attempts.  The flavor options change daily (although chocolate, vanilla, red velvet and classic carrot will always greet you with a smile) and are simply mouthwatering; today's flavors include Strawberries n Cream, Cinnamon Fritter, Cafe Mocha, Blueberry Pancake (Regular and 21+), 24 Karat, and Caramel Bacon.  Cake pops and themed cookies are also available, if those sweets are more your speed.  Speaking of speed, free wi-fi is a nice bonus for customers looking to comfortably hang out and pass the time in the super-cutely designed store.
3	So I went into the store 3 times and I have not been a huge fan of the cup cakes, and I posted a review to let the store know. The owner sent me a nice email back saying she was sorry and that she would like to refund me my cup cakes cost. I thought that was pretty sweet and unnecessary. So I'm giving Heather's store an A-Ok for now and I will try it again in a month or so. Hey Heather are they being refrigerated? Once cake has been refrigerated it changes it's consistency to a much denser tasting cake. I noticed that seems to be the major complaint. It may also help with the flavor palate if that is the case. I'm coming back in for round 4 soon. Best wishes- M
4	Cupcakes are the new frozen yogurt. I mean, blink, and there's someone new selling cupcakes. They've become like another accessory for the discerning hipster. Thing is, I take my cupcakes very seriously, hipsters be damned. And there are a lot of BAD cupcake establishments in this town.But nestled away in this Stepford Village, tucked in between some of the worst eating establishments this side of the NC/SC state line, is one fine cupcake establishment. The Cupcrazed Cakery aspires to greatness, and greatness it achieves. Their cupcakes are made the way a cupcake is supposed to be made, with the cake moist, the icing smooth, not so sugary that it'll make your head spin. With several different flavors and concoctions to choose from, cupcake fans such as myself won't be disappointed with anything the Cupcrazed Cakery ever has to offer. So heed me, O Cupcrazed Cakery: don't mess with what works. You stay awesome. And delicious. And I'll keep coming back for seconds and thirds. Who cares if they're bad for you? Live a little, I say.
2	I was only interested in trying this because this particular bakery won an episode of Cupcake Wars on FoodNetwork that I occasionally watch.  It was ... not my favorite.  I tried the red velvet, carrot, snickers, cookies & cream, lemon raspberry, chocolate with vanilla buttercream, & something else that was apparently not memorable since the flavor escapes me.  For me the red velvet was easily the best followed by snickers (tasted like a chocolate peanut butter cupcake), and the lemon raspberry was alright.All of the ones with cream cheese frosting are kept refrigerated which definitely changes the flavor, and texture of the cake... I know, I know food safety and all that, but maybe they should just frost 'em right before they serve 'em to you to preserve the integrity of the cake portion.  They also didn't taste super fresh... Anyway, they were... just okay.  Not the deliciously moist cake I was looking for; I won't go on my rant about how cupcakes prices are (1) overpriced and (2) overrated because the very  nature of the cupcake doesn't lend itself  to being moist and delicious; it just happens to be convenient and cute.  I might be done paying $3 for a cupcake.  P.S. Additionally, why does this place not have any bags?  What if I'm carrying a bunch of cupcakes? I know this is a small thing, but I feel like baked goods are a great hostess gift, and a bag would just make it easier/my experience better.
3	The shop itself is adorbs.  Located in the Baxter Town Center just off of I77, it was easy to find right next to the Starbucks.  There is some parking on the street (good luck), but there is a ton of parking behind the stores where you have room to move and don't have to dodge oncoming traffic.  Had I only eaten the Swiss Roll Cake cupcake that I ate in the charming shop (shabby chic with LOTS of color and personality), they would have gotten a 4 and *maybe* even a 5 - it was moist, delicious and full of flavor (a moist chocolate cupcake with marshmallow filling, topped with chocolate icing, a vanilla drizzle and a cut of a swiss cake roll).  Alas, I brought a vanilla/vanilla home and it was terrible.  The icing was okay, with a baby bear quantity (juuuust right) on top, but the cake was bad.  Dry, odd flavored.  Just bad.  I ate about two bites and threw the rest out.  I have a chocolate with vanilla icing still in the box, and I am in no hurry to eat that after the vanilla/vanilla - it was bleh.They also had gluten free cupcakes, cake pops and iced sugar cookies.  Beverages available and reasonably priced.  My 3 cupcakes were put in a sturdy box.4 stars for the Swiss Cake cupcake, 1 for the vanilla/vanilla, 4 for the shop with friendly employees.  It was just over $10 for the 3 cupcakes.  If I find myself in Ft Mill again, I would stop in for a Swiss Cake, but I won't be making a special trip.
4	After eating at Akahara which is right down from Cupcrazed, we decided to take a walk to Cupcrazed after all she won the show on the Food Network right?  Why not.What a neatly decorated place.  Nice tables and chairs bring an eclectic feel to it and the display cases are chock full of different flavors.  The guy behind the counter was welcoming and friendly.We decided on an Oreo cupcake for me and Sweetie.  The kids each had a red velvet.  It was raining so we stayed inside and it had a coffee shop feel so Cupcrazed would be a great place to pop a squat instead of the Starbucks next door if your not into Starbucks.They have a sign hanging which states very clearly that they are not Monkey Joes, Discovery Place, Wal Mart or something else which was interesting.  I guess they had some bad experiences with inattentive parents, imagine that.The Oreo cupcake was out of this world.  Soft, moist and chocolaty cake with some damn good frosting on top the crushed Oreos didn't hurt either.  I have gone to the other cupcake bakeries and their frosting is grainy and hard.  Cupcrazed frosting is the best IMO since it is much more creamy and doesn't seem like it has sat in the case for a long time.  The Red Velvet wasn't as good as the cake itself was more dry and mealy.  My kids didn't seem to mind though.One thing that I would like to see is coffee or some kind of drink menu since I asked for coffee and was pointed in the direction of the Keurig on the counter.  I realize you're right next to a Starbucks but I shouldn't have to walk out for a fresh brewed cup of coffee.In summary, great cupcakes great service nice atmosphere.  We'll be back
4	I had a chance to re-visit Cupcrazed while home recently, and I'm both glad and angry that I did - glad because the treats were delicious and angry because they are dangerously addicting :)I think I may be more of a fan of their cookie cups than the cupcakes. The s'more cookie cup was to die for.Staff is wonderful and the place itself is adorable. One downside is the weekend hours are limited - closed on Sundays and shortened on Saturdays. Disappointing, but not the end of the world. The treats are so good that it's worth the weekday trip.
5	Wonderful cupcakes...but I had a chocolate chip cookie from here and it was the best cookie I've ever had! Fresh and delicious!
5	After hearing so much about this place and always walking past it, I was finally able to come in and try cupcrazed cakery ! I was so excited considering I heard they won cupcake wars. So I walked over and bought about two dozen and a cake pop for me and my coworkers ! We loved it! Cupcakes are my favorite desert and now I found my favorite place to go to! I used to go to Gigi's in charlotte but this one is close to home and has so much more to chose from. I had the red velvet cupcake and my my. There title as cupcake war winners are deserved! It was moist, creamy, sweet, and the ingredients mixed in were just right! It couldn't have been any better! There cake pops too were also amazing! I absolutely love this place and there beautiful little shop! I am so happy they are close cause I have a sweet tooth for you guys! I'm coming back soon and congratulation on your title!
4	A friend recommended this place to buy me a birthday sweet after our lunch. I had the snickers cupcake she had the chocolate vanilla one, if I remember correctly. The place is cute and small and business was pretty steady while we were there. I think it's great that they offer the little cartons of milk which goes well with the cupcakes that are quite rich. I would certainly return for a sweets fix if in the area.
5	Our family got the Death by Chocolate and the Double Chocolate and Sea Salt Caramel  Chocolate. We really really LOVED them! Such a great and awesome treat. The Death by Chocolate had chocolate cake, chocolate frosting, chocolate sprinkles, chocolate syrup, chocolate covered almond and fudge! Soo totally good!! oh yeah!
4	Okay first things first....this would have been a one star review, but the 'cakes are AWESOME!. My girlfriend bought a batch after I had raved about Sprinkles from my time in Los Angeles. They beat them hands down and I vowed to stop in on my next trip to Baxter.Tonight was that night. Quick dinner at 6 Pence and then a walk over to grab the cupcakes. Staff was closing the shop an hour before the 7pm closing time and she was clearly not happy to see us. Really....I haven't seen that much of a stink-eye since I went car shopping.Anyway....my girl says they are usually amazing so I'll stick to the 4 star review, but the girl tonight made me wish Cupcrazed Cakery had a vending machine.
5	Who would have thought cupcakes could be so delicious..  So many flavors and so delectable.  Decor of the place is great too, staff was very friendly.
2	We stopped by tonight for the first time in a very long time - for no particular reason except we don't need the calories.  We arrived at 6:20 pm, well ahead of the 7:00 pm closing time.  The chairs were on top of the tables and the labels had already been wiped off the display cases.  We were instructed not to touch them as they were already wiped down for the night.  If they were low on product I would completely understand preparing to close so early, but there were plenty of treats left in the cases.  I really felt like leaving because clearly we weren't wanted anyway!  Of course, I knew the kiddos would revolt, so we took our treats and left, much to the disappointment of the kids who were looking forward to eating their treats there.  When the subject of Cupcrazed comes up in a crowd, I have heard others mention the same thing. I also saw this mentioned in a few reviews.  What gives?  What time do you have to come here to feel welcome?  We will not be back.
4	A note to the owners of Cupcrazed: Your staff are overriding the brilliance of your product. For a company that has something great to brag about as this place does, the employees seem dis-interested and completely unmotivated. Having arrived two hours before closing, and similar to other reports, the chairs were upside down on the tables sending a clear message that closing can't come fast enough for the employees. There was no ambiance as there was no music at all. I am only giving four stars because of the product, but the customer service and atmosphere is completely lacking. This establishment has SO MUCH POTENTIAL which is a shame when they have credentials that other establishments could only dream about (winning the Food Network's Cupcake Wars: http://clclt.com/theclog/archives/2011/09/12/cupcrazed-cakery-in-fort-mill-sc-wins-food-networks-cupcake-warsIf this place is to thrive and if it's going to win my loyalty, it must treat their customers better and provide an experience that matches the notoriety of their product.
5	They delivered a bunch of goodies to my office and seriously, this is one of the most delicious cupcakes I've ever had.  As my coworker described, they are "outrageous."  Definitely stop in and get some if you get a chance!
5	What can I say? I have tried numerous local cupcake bakeries and this one sets the bar quite high! So many flavors to choose from!The few we shared were perfect on moisture and density balance, and the frosting although sweet as expected.. On point! This is my new spot to " cheat" atleast once a month! I live closer to Southpark yet it is still worth the drive.
4	So many great choices it's hard to pick just one!  I never had a cupcake I didn't like. The cake is insanely rich and moist and the frosting is perfect.Really no bells and whistles about the place.  What you see is what you get.  Not a bad thing per se. Get in, get your cupcakes, get out.Cupcakes are a bit pricey but they are always worth it.  If you want to try more than one be sure to come on a day where they run quantity specials.Be aware that on busier days (Friday, Saturday) they close when they are out of cupcakes.  Rarely on Saturdays are they open until their advertised closing time.  To ensure you get the cupcakes you want get there early!Cupcrazed does a great job updating their social media pages with the flavors of the day and the latest news.  Be sure to check out Facebook before coming.I take all my out of town visitors to Cupcrazed upon arrival.  A must visit place in Fort Mill/Baxter.
5	I went in today for the first time after following them on Instagram for months and dying over how awesome the cupcakes look. Well they taste as good as they look! I got a dozen and a half and dropped them off at my work to thank them for their hard work while I have been on maternity leave. They cupcakes were gone in seconds and people raved about them. What made my experience even better was that I went in with my 10 week old daughter, the young man who helped me offered to carry my cupcakes to the car for me. He was so nice and helpful! Thank you for making my first experience a great one!
4	Don't think twice. Just go!!!!  You won't be disappointed :) I went in not knowing this place had won on cupcakes wars. I can definitely understand how they win the judges over. I love the ever changing variety and the cupcakes have always tasted super fresh unlike some other places in the area.
5	I'm a cupcake junkie and I was not disappointed! Cupcakes were fresh and delicious.  Staff was friendly and patient as I couldn't decide in my selection. Will definitely be back.
5	Had the Reese's cheesecake and pink lemonade cupcake with homemade lemon curd for my first visit last week.  Both were great--really loved the cheesecake!  A great place for a treat and can see daily flavors on their Facebook page.
1	I used to work in Baxter so I have had these cakecakes a few times for coworker's birthdays, etc. For a business who won Cupcake Wars, I was very disappointed. Especially for the cost, I could make a much better cupcake at home; even with (dare I say it!) a box mix. It is true that they have inventive flavors but not worth it for me.I did make the bad decision 2 years ago to try to impress my new love interest with some birthday carrot cake cupcakes and not only was the order late but the decoration was very specifically not what we had discussed. Not by a LOOONG shot. They played phone tag with me mulitiple times regarding the lateness of the order but never discussed their issues with the design we discussed. We ended up going to Cheesecake Factory instead for the carrot cake cheesecake.Bad service, mediocre product, high prices...3 strikes, you're out!!
4	This has been one of my favorite cupcakes joints for a while. Especially when I get a sweet tooth!  The best cupcake I have ever had came from here, "The Granny Smith", but they haven't made it in months. The only reason I gave them 4 stars & not 5 is because my wife had their Red Velvet the other day and it was dry with very little flavor.  However, we both loved the Lemon Blueberry.  I love that most of their cupcakes have a pleasant sweet surprise in the cake part as well!They are quite pricey, but you can catch a little break when they do their $2 Tuesdays. If you are in the area it's a most!
3	Went this past weekend. Very crowded due to the notoriety from Cupcake Wars and FoodNetwork. We got  a Corona cupcake (very good, tasted like Key lime pie), a Nutter Butter (very good) a Twix (blah) and a Golden Oreo ( no one liked this one) and an Orange Cake Pop...so bad no one could eat it! Service was good as were the prices but I'm not really sure if we will go back.
5	I ordered a cake today from Cupcrazed, it was a hit at the party.  I had my back turned taking photos and I could hear different groups saying how good the cake was.  Cupcrazed will now be my go to for cake orders!  I like to call it a Big Ass Cupcake!
5	Still excellent!  Three of us got the mudslide cupcakes recently and wow just wow.  The hoho cheesecake from the Food Network was awesome too.
5	Wow what a difference a few months have made! I have so many favorites now. The staff is wonderful,  the atmosphere of the store is adorable as always and yum, yum, yum on the cupcakes. My daughter's favorite is maple bacon, my husband loves the peanut butter cup, and I can't decide between the pineapple upside down and the salted caramed chocolate cupcake, my son loves them all. They also have over 21 cupcakes spiked with alcohol. All and all I am floored by the improvement and those particular flavors are outstanding. :)
3	I made a special trip to try this place -  first,let me say, the guy who waited on is was fantastic - very friendly, handled a fairly big line without issue and was great at recommendations - (except the red velvet, but more on that in a sec) We brought the cupcakes home right away and the Reese's was downright delicious......but the red velvet truly baffled me. I cut it in half so I could share with my son - what I've never seen before was the "liquid" sitting at the bottom of the red velvet cupcake - seriously, it was soaked for at least 1/4 of an inch .... I couldn't tell if it was oil, or something else but it creeped me out. I mean sopping wet cake - The flavor of the upper part of the cupcake was delicious, the frosting was awesome, but the soppy bottom was weird. I've never seen that and the non refrigerated cupcakes didn't have that problem. (Actually, the refrigerated carrot cake cupcake didn't either).... Anyway, this is shared simply to with others - you're better off sticking with the non-refrigerated selection. I wanted the truffles but there weren't any on a Saturday. Pumpkin whoopie pie was EPIC and delicious .... One more shot and I will update my review.
5	So good! Moist and homemade tasting. We got the double chocolate and brownie cupcakes. Will definitely be back! There are tables to sit at inside and a small park a few stores down with outside seating. The area is super cute with stores and restaurants as well.
5	Cupcrazed has set the bar for my expectations of a cupcake. I'm not joking when I say that I think this was the best cupcake I've ever had.  Start sending me your challengers and I would love to do some taste testing ;)A friend of mine had posted a pic on instagram and I clicked on over to Cupcrazed's Instagram and considered getting in the car immediately. Somehow I managed to wait a couple of weeks before finally making it to them.  I'm a sucker for Salted Caramel so that stole my heart.  My Mom's favorite candy bar is Snickers so she had to opt for that one.  We both loved everything about the frosting, cake and overall flavor. Luckily, we're not in Baxter Village often so this will stay an every once in a while treat.Highly recommend giving it a try.  * Doesn't hurt that they were featured on the Food Network for Cupcake Wars!
4	I don't even go nuts for sweets like cupcakes, but I think I got a s'mores cupcake that was out of this world. Graham cracker cupcake with some kind of filling and marshmallow layer, topped by an almost chocolate ganache. The moist but not cloyingly sweet crumb was a great foil for the sweet topping.
5	I can't wait until I move to south Charlotte so I can be closer to this wonderful shop! I've been a cupcake fan for years, pre-dating the current obsession the country has with cupcakes. So I eaten more than my share whether from a bakery, from scratch or pre-packaged.I absolutely love this shop, their ever changing selection of cupcakes and the creativity that goes into them. Between my daughter and I, we have never devoured a cupcake from here that we did not LOVE! I've only eaten at one other bakery in the Charlotte area, and the only reason is because after Cupcrazed, we aren't that interested in going anywhere else even though it's a 40 minute drive from the house.I follow them on Instagram, so I can see what flavors they have that day. I'm constantly tempted to go in and buy some of their sweet, moist confections!
5	The cupcakes at Cupcrazed are some of the best I have ever eaten in my life.  There is a reason that they won Cup Cake Wars on the Food Network.  I have to fight the urge to visit there every week.  :)
3	Cupcrazed Cakery is just ok.  One weekend the family and I decided to take a trip out to Cupcrazed, especially since they won Cupcake Wars a few years back. They are located in Baxter Village, which in itself the Village has a nice hometown, but shopping feel to it at the same time.  It is almost set up as if you were on vacation somewhere and  just checking out the local stores in close proximity.  Nice touch!Ok, now onto the cupcakes, we got a total of 5 different ones(Red Velvet, Blue Raspberry, Birthday Cake, Double Chocolate and White Chocolate Mocha Frappuccino).  They were out of all the other flavors they had listed, maybe because we got there at around 5pm on a Saturday.  The best one was the White Chocolate Frappuccino, it had a bold and distinct coffee flavor but not overpowering.  It was awesome...I probably could have eaten a couple more of those.  The others were good but not outstanding, they tasted like average cupcakes.  The cupcakes didn't seem stale but didn't seem like they were baked that day either.  I don't know if it had anything to do with them being in the refrigerator or not but they weren't as moist and fluffy as I had expected them to be.  The decor/setup inside is a little crammed.  We were practically sitting on top of the garbage can.  Ok that's stretching it some but we were very close to it and the cooler to grab a beverage if you wanted it.  Every time someone came to get a drink we had to move so that they can open the door.They were having a special that Saturday so all cupcakes were $2.  Hey, it's always a nice surprise to pay less then what you were expecting.  It was a nice treat for the evening and maybe I will go again and try some other flavors but I am not going to purposely go out of my way to make a trip there.
4	A very delicious and reasonably-priced cupcake!  As a baker myself, I give kudos to Cupcrazed for having a very tasty product!On my visit, there was an extensive selection available from which to choose.  After perusing the very well stocked display counter, I settled on a Heath caramel and a PB&J cupcake.  The cake crumb wasn't fine but it was quite tender. The cupcakes had a little weight to them, but they weren't dry or heavy.  They were just filling enough!  I would love for the batter to have a little more buttery rich flavor.  And, while I have tasted many frostings with much more sugar and shortening, it would be nice for their frosting to have just a little less sugar.Also, by way of confession, I had plans to have the cupcakes up in my bed later that night.  However, I had only a sample of each before I feel asleep.  But no worries, this is a good thing which allowed to me to test for next day freshness... and they passed!  They were still quite delish the next day!The bakery is a little small and cramped, but I get the decor and mood they're trying to set.  But I really wouldn't advise that you consume this goodness on the premises.  Trust me, you will want to take these home and partake in the privacy of your own home with your feet elevated!The biggest problem I have is that the location is just down the street from my house... not a good thing!!
5	Best cupcakes I have ever had. The change it up often which is nice. Service is always good and they are made fresh daily. Love this place.
