5	THE place to go in Scottsdale to find people who aren't out to be seen.  This place is 1500 square feet and it s always packed on the weekends. The house band plays Thurs, Fri and Sat and with no cover charge at the door, this is one smokin' deal.  Only warning is stay with bottle beer--the mixed drinks are more mix than drink.
5	The Rusty Spur has the distinction of being the oldest cowboy bar in Arizona and a gen-u-ine registered historic landmark. It's even got a hitchin' post for yer horses out front. The Spur has been patronized by the likes of John Wayne and Clint Eastwood -- although never while I've been there. There's great live music four afternoons and six nights a week. Other good things include plenty of parking, no cover, and a fun venue to people-watch.
1	This place is soooo overrated, crowded and the music is not memorable.  Also, the band BEGS for tips!   Tacky!  One night a bunch of us girls went early enough to wait for the band to start and had a couple of rounds of beers when the bouncer came up to the table we'd been holding and told us that in ten minutes our table was reserved for someone else and we'd have to vacate.  The owner's response when we objected was "So what.  I own the place"  I'm a Scottsdale native and this experience just proved that Scottsdale's hometown feel is officially gone.  We walked over to Patty's and had a great time, forgetting about those fake cowboys at the Spur.
5	If you are making a night out in Old Town, whether you're a tourist or local this is the place to go to get that real high-end-cowboy-western-rattlesnake-desert-cactus-boots-ten-gallon-stetson-down-home feel.  Beer, grub & music are all great.  Get there early if you want a seat. Don't plan on chit-chatting because this place is popular, crowded and noisy . . . but oh sooooo fun!
4	The Rusty Spur Update 2008:Of course our first stop in Scottsdale after dropping our bags off at the hotel was to the Rusty Spur.  The bar is still fun, but poo-poo on them for the new Arizona no-smoking law.  We had a hilarious female performer on our first day there who kept calling my friends out by making them sing and dance.  That's so friggin cool of her.  (I'll update this when I double-check what her name is.)  Our ever-familiar bartenders were no longer working there.  Sadly, our favorite bartender, Thelma, quit working there five months ago.  She was one of the folks who would take care of our loud, rowdy, alcoholic crew.  At any rate, still a fun place, but -1* for no more Thelma and no more smoking.  This place is still going to remain an annual destination even without those things, but what a shame to have them gone.****************************************************************************I can't wait to go back to Scottsdale for Spring Training and hit up our hole, the Rusty Spur.  I'm heading out there and I look forward to the bartenders and live band for my fourth year.  The bartenders are awesome and remember my name from year to year.  That's pretty cool, since we're only there for six days every year in March.  Enjoy the chill vibe inside.  This will be updated again upon my return this year.
5	Sometimes you wish God, oh just this once, would grant you the power to reach right through your computer screen and smack some doofus on the other side.Well, I've come to make this request to a higher power.The negative reviews about The Rusty Spur make my head swim like it would after a pull of Mezcal straight from the bottle. This place is tip-fucking-top.  You don't want to be pressured to tip the band?  Then pay a cover.  Would that make ya feel all better?  No cover to enjoy a genuine Texas (read: "real") country band?  Holy smokes, they will even do covers of Robert Earl Keen and Pat Green.  Go to any other shite bar in the city and ask them if they know that.  The place is tiny, which lends to its charm.  This place is STRAIGHT out of Luckenbach and these suburbanites don't even know the characteristics of an 'outlaw country' bar.  Waylon and Willie would be proud of this place.  Plus, they serve Shiner Bock in a bottle.  Unreal.  The dance floor, which is a misnomer, more like a shuffle floor is absolutely legit in accordance with the rules of a Texas dance hall, except for the fact that you bump into tables instead of only other dancers.  Go watch Urban Cowboy and tell me that you need your dance space.  Get over it..... and .... AND! ... "Beans" in the chili?  WTF?  This ain't Canada.  Hell, this aint even Ohio!  Beans should NEVER disgrace a proper pot of chili.  Jesus.  What the reviewer who mentioned that has just informed me is that they make their chili proper.  But I'd never know because I go in here to hoot n holler n get rowdy with the rest of the crowd ... drink a Shiner and dance a little two-step to Merle ... not stuff my face like a tourist.  Christ.I'm in no way a regular here, but this place is one of the very few legitimate country bars, not only in Phoenix, but worldwide.  I've been in enough to know.  It should be regarded very highly for its genre.
4	Not a country music fan, but somehow I still like this place... (they play some classic rock occasionally too).Live music most nights & reasonable drink prices keep this place consistently busy. Also a killer location in old town for bar hopping. Try Old Town Tavern if you need a break from the action.
4	One of the best, least pretentious hole-in-the-wall bars in Scottsdale. Crowd is a good mix of laid back 40-60 somethings with a few 20-30 year-olds mixed in.Always live redneck music and it's usually pretty good.
4	Scottsdale's Last Real Cowboy Saloon... I totally thought I'd reviewed Rusty Spur before as I've been more times than I can count.  I'll agree with most of the positive reviews already written about this place - it's laid back, un-pretentious, hole-in-the-wall, and fun!I'm not a huge country music fan either, but when I come to Rusty Spur, I love it!  You can't help but smile and have a great time at this place!  If I don't start out here at Happy Hour, I end the night here whenever I'm out in Old Town.  I'm left with a souvenir tank top that Jared bought me in his drunken state the other night when we were hanging at the Spur.  It says:ALL JACKED UPBig TimeSince 1951RUSTY SPUR SALOONScottsdale, AZIt's cute, but not quite as wonderful as entering into the doors of the Rusty Spur and leaving your troubles behind to enjoy the country music and cowboys that surround you!
5	Giddy up bitches!If you want cowboy music, a live band and to get really reaally drunk in a cool place in Scottsdale I highly reccomend The Rusty Spur. Also, the Psychobilly Rodeo Band is the greatest thing that ever happened to me. They play the best country western standards with a few hilariously amazing original songs. The only downside is that the bar is really small and tourists and hen party chicks come here. Other than that  - awesome in every way.Go check it out!
2	So, I admitt, if I could have breathed or even moved when I walked in I am sure I would have enjoyed the band... I like country bars, I really wanted to like this one too because it's so close to me. Golly gee wizz cowboys... it's too packed! If you are not big on crowds don't bother going on the weekends because they pack you in like a can of saradeans. *true*
4	Well, as I am originally from Scottsdale but now live in Oklahoma, I really feel at home in this bar when I go back to visit.  I can hang out in 'Old Town' Scottsdale but still listen to some good Red Dirt music while sipping beer and memorizing license plates (its a habit).  Hell, they even played "Them Boys From Oklahoma Roll Their Joints All Wrong".  Never thought I'd hear that one outside OK or TX...The spur has that small bar feel that is getting harder to find these days.  The people that work the door and the bar were awesome!  Great country bar feel but watch for Scottsdale PD when stumbling down the street afterward.
2	I have to disagree with Gabi on this one.  It could be me, but I have been here three times now, and each time, I have received terrible service.  I understand how some could love this place; it definitely has a unique atmosphere, but...when I get attitude with my beer, you lose me.
5	It's hard to believe that an establishment like the Rusty Spur would be placed in the middle of Scottsdale. Some backwater town outside of the Phoenix metro area, perhaps - but Scottsdale? The Arizona city known by outsiders for it's ritzy nature does have it's history though, and that history is steeped in the Wild West. So while at first sight, Rusty Spur may seem out of place, it shouldn't be a major surprise.I'm a Massachusetts native, but lived in Arizona for two years. Out of the bars I went to, the Rusty Spur was easily the most memorable. I'll fully admit that I have an affinity towards the Wild West era (Cowboys and Native Americans alike!), so rather than deal with a typically modern Scottsdale area bar, the Rusty Spur is a welcome establishment.The place has good food, great drink, and damn fine music. If you're into anything country, whether it be the music or the history, you're likely to enjoy the Spur.I no longer drink, but if I'm ever in the Scottsdale area again I'll stop by the Rusty Spur for a bite to eat and to soak up the atmosphere. To me, there are few places like the Rusty Spur in all of the Phoenix metro area - it is a must visit place if you want to grab a drink in a true Cowboy Saloon without driving out to the sticks.
4	Wow, I have changed my mind!I went here a few weeks ago and it wasn't crowed, must be this economy! YES! I HAD FUN! The drinks were great, band great, and not overly crowed... I wonder if The City had something to do with this? Don't care though cause I could actually walk around, dance and have a genuine good time!
4	The Toucan Sam routine somehow led us to the Rusty Spur. Wandering around Old Town Scottsdale, we detected a whiff of barbecue smoke that was hard to locate. Nonetheless, we were due for a cold beer, spotted some characters smoking outside of this bar, heard the live music, and trotted on in.The crowd was a real mixed bag which made for some great people-watching. The dictionary definition of "Sweaty Betty" was cutting a rug to the country western sounds of the Psychobilly Rodeo Band. The band was infinitely entertaining and did not spare us commentary on its disdain for Kenny Chesney and other feel-good country-pop monstrosities.Best of all, our need for edible smoke was satisfied since they sell beef jerky at the bar. We chowed down on some Mesquite Black Canyon Jerky, swaggled our brewskis, tapped our feet, and soaked up the party atmosphere of this fun little cowboy bar.
3	A solid, dark, cool, dive bar. In the cowboy part of old Scottsdale. They had a live musician in the middle of the day, which was cool.
5	Never been anywhere quite like it.  Full of well-oiled people (in a good way) before noon on a Saturday, an angel singing tunes with her guitar in the corner, some decent microbrewery beer and just the right sort of food to wash down with it.
2	So tiny.....TOO TINY i was introduced to every-ones butt or frontal parts and they walked past me trying to get the the bar... there was a dance floor... but only one couple could dance at a time... I know country bars very well and well if there is good music you'll wanna dance... well... i couldn't... It was a Thursday night... so maybe i should go on a slower night... like Monday... the band was pretty OK... the security guard was the hottest thing around... :) and the bathroom was super clean :) your call
4	What a little diamond in the ruff this "Saloon" is.  One of my biggest complaints is that the Old Town Circuit doesn't have any unique spots.  Every bar is a cookie cutter copy of the others. The Rusty Spur makes me think that I am in Austin.  Too bad it is a little far away from the usual stomping grounds.  This bar always has live music, and cheep beers.  It is a great spot to mix up an evening on the town.  The staff is friendly, and I think they encourage stumbling drunks to yell YEHAWW!If you are from out of town, and want a truly cowboy type experience while out in Scottsdale skip Saddle Ranch, because that is manufactured in Hollywood, and skip the Coach House (unless it is a holiday) because it is too packed.  The Rusty Spur always seems to have the perfect amount of people having a good time.   And when everyone is having a good time, then I am certain to have a good time.  Check your attitude at the door and listen to a solid Arizona country cover band any night of the week.
1	This place could be a great little saloon if you could get rid of all the drunk college kids and wanna-be cowboys, and then find a decent band that isn't constantly begging for tips.On the up-side, its a great place to hang out if you're a drunk college kid or some wannabe-cowboy who likes listening to some half-assed band beg for tips all night long.
4	Yee haw! A small bar so get there early if you want a spot to sit. Otherwise, enjoy the person next to you as you'll be cheek-to-cheek with them. LOL. Great bands and great drinks!!
5	Yes this place is small but that what's makes it ooze character. The Rusty Spur is a true country bar smack in the middle of Scottsdale. They have live music every afternoon and night seven days a week. It's locally owned, has been around forever. You're always greeted with a a warm welcome from the servers, band and patrons. The atmosphere is great and dollar bills cover the walls and ceiling. Little known fact... every year they have a party where they take down all the dollars, Rusty Spur then matches the amount and it all gets donated to a local Charity. Yee haw!
5	I cannot believe I have never reviewed The Spur!The is hands down the best "have a great time" bar is Old Town Scottsdale.It is located in the old bank and the vault that once held money now keeps the beer cold.They have live music every day and never charge a cover. They serve lunch, but plan on eating dinner elsewhere.The best time to be here is on a Friday, Saturday or Sunday night when the Psychobilly Rodeo Band plays. They are great! If you are easily offended this is not the bar for you. The place is tiny and gets packed quickly. The good thing is that if anyone even thinks about getting out of hand they are quickly removed.This is a great place to day drink, night drink, well anytime drink.Go and see the last real cowboy saloon in Scottsdale.
4	For some reason I had missed out on the rusty trombone...errrr...spur while I lived in old town.  What a shame.  I went last night for the first time and wished that it was in midtown so I could drink there regularly.  Salty bartender who sings from behind the bar and sassy guitarist/singer up on the stage were both great.  The pour was strong and reasonably priced.  I think if I got too drunk I would be pretty tempted to start pulling dollars off the wall and tipping with them.  The place is pretty small though but It kind of lends itself to making new friends and getting a loud and rowdy.
4	A bar after my own heart. After an evening out at a Yelp event a few of us decided to wander over to the Rusty Spur (and close it down on a Tuesday). Ahh I walk in and I feel much removed from the posh pretentious hype that is many locations in Old Town Scottsdale. Jimmy the singing bartender can do up a Cash song like no other. And the guitarist/singer on stage that night was great. Apparently they have live music EVERY night....I like that! I am going to have to check it out when the Phychobilly Rodeo Band plays there on the weekend.
5	After the Elite event at Iruna, my Yelp posse; Dante Dolores Anna Mike and I (name drop!!) decided to chase the evening with mas cervezas, at a place Dante lovingly referred to as "The Rusty Trombone". We stumbled to the western theme bar with two birds i'd been chatting up in toe, whose boring names escape me. As we made our approach we could hear a lone singer/guitarist gilr crooning away to Fleetwood Mac and as my mates snickered a smile formed across my lips as I nostalgically thought of my Mum. We settled ourselves at a table and got some drinks, and some more drinks and even more drinks, after that the night was a blur. I recall us all getting rowdy and tipping the singer girl, and after every tip she'd ring a cowbell of some sort and we'd all cheer and holler. really we kept tipping her out of the sheer novelty of the cowbell im assuming...well at least i was. She kept referring to us as virgins, as it was our first time at the "rusty trombone", so as virgins she honored us with a song request- I wasted no time "COCAINE BLUES!!!!" i shouted, to a few mumbled giggles from the regulars- The Grizzled and bad ass bar tender actually sang the lyrics as the guitarist girl played the tune, and in the most stellar karaoke esque rendition of johnny cash he bellowed out the lyrics to a T! as i sang along drunkenly, probably embarrassing my yelp mates and the two boring birds i'd chatted up at Iruna, some regular swayed past me and pawed at my tousled mop of hair. I recall going to the bathroom and returning to find Jimmy the grizzled barkeep adoringly belting out a ballad to the more attractive of boring girls we'd brought along much to her embarassment and horror, at some point they took their boring selves to their boring homes and we kept drinking and forging bonds that could rival the best of Yelp cliques! I will never forget...well what i remember from that night i will never forget...LOL!Thanks to my newest Yelp friends and thanks to the Rusty Trombone for making a great evening that much greater!
1	I use to love taking guests/clients/co-workers in town to the Rusty....but when Psychobilly band plays,  I have be careful who I take...   Jimmy and his raunchy lyrics...get kind of old after a while.  And he yells ever 5 minutes to TIP the F**king band...that gets old too!   Handle Bar J's is larger not as quiant as R.S.  but classier I guess.   Bring back the other band!
5	SO much fun on a Saturday night. There is such an awesomely diverse crowd here--"cowboys", true-western folk, young pretty girls, old loving couples, 20-something preppy boys, etc. It seems as though everybody comes here for a good time.The Rusty Spur is pretty small--so be prepared to feel crowded. But if you don't mind that, give it a try--fun music, fun dancing, fun night!!
4	Awesome little bar, nothing more or less than you would expect!  If you are looking for a stiff drink, some good music, and a casual environment this place is for you.
4	Great western bar in Old Town Scottsdale.  The live music is great, the beer is cold and the service is friendly.
5	I knew it was love at first sight when I heard the troubadours belting out risque lyrics to old standards, but little did I know it was gonna be a train wreck of naughty after that. Yes, I was the idiot who actually had the balls to ask Jimmy the bartender if they had wine, anything but Chardonnay (trust me, if I wasn't driving I would have bellied up for some whiskey and a beer) to which he responded "well then darling, I have the pink one and some penis gigolo". He had me at the p word. This is just a down and dirty saloon of epic proportions. Very friendly place with locals and tourists alike, folksy singers and a laid back vibe. Its super friendly, the staff is fast and the crowd runs the gamut from post dinner suits to cowboys. Kind of like heaven. Note to singer: get your blues folks and rock and roll folks straight.....Robert Johnson was a blues man and I don't care how much I've had to drink, not buying your story about him being and influential rock and roll pioneer. Word from the home of the Blues.
1	Oh NO!  A disappointment, again. I was too late for lunch and the same old bartender had the same old line while I listened to the same old music from the same old guitar player. OK, so the guitar player is the BEST thing this place has to offer. Last time I was there, the bartender also was the cook and the waiter while the owner stood at the end of the bar and sipped from his "water" pitcher. Come on now, Cowboy. Saddle up and give us something new on a Sunday afternoon. How 'bout a coupla Cowgirls serving beer and nibbles that don't stop at 4pm. Maybe you could smile once in awhile and welcome your guests and make them happy to stay longer. If I could buy your business, I would call it the SILVER SPUR and nothing "RUSTY" about that. Yee Ha!!
4	Authentic old school saloon. I liked it a lot here. Its a very small bar, but Its got stools, and whiskey at a fair price- thats all I need! Its right in Old Town & when I went, there was more of an older-tourist crowd as opposed to the college young'ins. I swear I also saw the worlds oldest cowboy here- had to be 142 years old. So if your in a Cowboy chasin--whiskey drinkin kind of mood- check this place out.
3	Went for lunch yesterday after seeing the Rusty Spur on Check Please on PBS...small cute dive bar...very small but a good place for lunch. The Spur Burger was really good but it really needs a sturdier bun for the size of the burger and toppings...The bottom bun was soggy. Maybe they should place the lettuce and/ or the onion on the bottom bun to keep it  from getting soggy...fries were very good and seasoned perfectly for my taste...the bartender/ waitress could have been a bit friendlier. Enjoyed the entertainment...would definitely return for lunch when we're in the Valley...
3	Appears to be some kind of Scottsdale institution
4	The biggest tiniest bar in Scottsdale!!!  Gotta love this bar.  Its off the beaten path but worth the stop!  I've been to this place a couple times and its always been a start to a great night.  I remember making a stop on a Santa Crawl and the crowd seemed a little shocked that 20+ Santas were taking up what little space was left.  They have live music and the drinks are reasonable.  Check out this great bar on your next bar hopping excursion!
5	In the wild wild southwest there lives a saloon. A saloon that has been around for years and years. In fact, this saloon takes credit for being the first saloon in Scottsdale. No matter what's going on outside the doors on the streets of Old Town; whether it be crowded during spring training or 115 degrees and dead, it's always the same inside the Rusty Spur. The moment you step foot through the doors, you're immediately transformed into a time warp when John Waynes ruled the city and two stepping was the only dancing worth doing in this desert. This is one of my favorite saloons in Old Town. Here, it doesn't matter how much your outfit cost, what kind of purse you have, what your wearing or who you're with. As long as you're ready to have a good time in a crowded setting with plenty of live country music, you're welcome. Here, everyone treats you like a friend and nobody gets upset if their drink spills a little because someone two stepped right into their arm. Here, it doesn't matter if it's 1:00 PM or 1:00 AM because the atmosphere will be the same with most likely the same cover Country band performing. This is truly a gem in Scottsdale. There's a reason it's been around since the beginning and will most likely stick around until the end.
4	This is what you imagine typical wild west salons to be like - it was AMAZING!  If anything, go to just check out the decor.When we got there a band were playing country and western type music and they were getting everyone involved in the dancing and having fun.It was a brilliant atmosphere and once again the decor was brill - although the venue was a little small.Downsides were - bartenders a bit rude (maybe just busy) and the excellent dancers that kept hogging the dance space and not letting anyone have a go.  Yes - we know you're good but let the other patrons have a go!This place is a must must must!
5	A great Scottsdale staple!  Good bar staff and fun music.  Mike the bartender is my favorite.  Also a place to take visitors.  And a favorite spring training stop.
3	They don't serve the worm anymore! This place was chill its as small as a shoe box but its nice if you need a beer.
4	Okay, it's lunchtime, and you are shopping in downtown Scottsdale.  The Rusty Spur Saloon is right at the center of downtown, it's rather cheap, and you can have a "brew" to fortify you while your wife shops 'til YOU drop.  Hamburgers, fried onion rings, fries, side salads, tamales, and other southwestern fare will get your tummy satisfied.  The saloon's walls are adorned with auto license plates as well as Rusty Spur garments (caps & T-shirts).  For further entertainment, they have a corner of the small establishment turned into a mini-stage where a "cowboy" serenades you from about 1pm 'til whenever.  Fast, decent fare, some local color for the tourists, it's a good spot for lunch in downtown Scottsdale.
4	Had fun two stepping here on a Saturday night to an amazing band. Fun fun fun. Great crowd and great service at the bar.
4	Tip the band y'all!   I think this is the place Toby Keith was thinking about when he wrote "I love this bar" .   It's an awesome saloon right in Old Town, do not miss it!  It's tiny, there are cowboys, the beer is cheap, the decorations mesmerizing, the band is awesome, and the crowd is the most bizarre and interesting, eclectic mix of individuals you'll ever see.  Especially on the dance floor. It's a small place, so expect to be jostled around a bit... just go with it, everyone's usually friendly! In the spring there are lots of tourists at the Spur, so if you are a local they'll love you even more. So stop by the Saloon after Spring Training, or on a Saturday afternoon when you need a pick-me-up, this place will get 'er done!   And don't forget to tip the band!
4	This place never changes, which is good. The music is good, fun, and danceable, even though you might have to dance on the sidewalk outside! Drinks are well-made and well-priced. I always have fun here whether alone or with a date. I've never tried the food because I didn't know they had it. The bartenders work hard, do a good job and nicely model the logo shirts they sell.
3	5 stars minus one for being so small and always packed. Plus one star for country music (live and otherwise) round the clock. Minus one star for mediocre food. But who comes here for food? So u get your star back. Back to 5 stars, but...Whos the old, slow-moving, angry at life broad behind the bar? Not a pore of friendliness in her being. And the cocktail waitress, despite being so packed that he had no where else to stand and order his drink except at the server well, didnt say "excuse me" to him...she said, and i quote, "that doesnt work for me." so 2 stars off for the unfiendly staff.
3	This was an awesome little bar with some not so awesome service.  Rusty Spur would easily be a 5-star joint if we weren't treated like sh*t by the waitress/bartender.  When a friend mentioned how cute the menu was, she was told by said waitress/bartender that she better not slip it in her purse and that if she wanted it, it'd cost her $3. Dude...seriously? Assuming your customers are thieves is not cool. The musician making fun of New Yorkers and calling us out to tip an extra $20 (after at least $10 was put in the tip jar) because we "had plenty" was kind of BS too.  On the bright side? It's a really cool space with kick-ass customers (not counting us). Did we catch it on a bad day? Maybe...If the place attracts cool patrons, it can't be half bad.
4	This place was ever so fun.  The band was super entertaining as well as the crowd.  The only thing I could suggest is pouring their drinks in Red cups, seems like the only thing missing!
4	Taking a break from the Old Town Scottsdale club scene and trying the other bars in the area had me going to the Rusty Spur Saloon. And I must say, I loved the place. The bar decor is that awesome cowboy look. It was a small place and yet they still managed to fit a band in there along with some seating. I don't know how but they did lol. The drinks were good and cheap and it's a great alternative to the usual scene.
4	I am young, filipino and I don't listen to country. I still had a blast here. I work in physical therapy so I am always the youngest when I go out with co-workers. We finally got to visit here and I must say it was a good time. The bartender was awesome and made the drinks super strong. We went when there was a guy on a banjo playing country covers promoting his cd. He was hilarious going back n forth with the audience, he knows how to entertain a crowd. So much random, cool things hanging on the wall, which gives it a nice western saloon ambience. The place was packed so we just pulled up and shared a table with a kind couple of snowbirds who regularly come to this bar. Had some great drinks with great conversation, just how I like it. Not sure if I would go here with people my own age (20's) but it was fun with my 40+ friends.
4	The band, the bar, the atmosphere was the most fun we had in old town. Imagine country red neck band playing neil diamond covers. Too much fun!!
4	I just love this place. They always have live music, a good crowd and cheap drinks! I think I give it 4 stars because it would just be weird to give a dive bar the full 5-star rating. If you tip the band, they'll play just about any country song you desire. And I've seen the It's a pretty fun place to start your nights or just pop in during a low-key week night for a beer!
5	Best country bar in Scottsdale. Also its a cool place to relax your mind from a busy day at work. Also the band that plays on thursday nite to saturday nite is awesome.chheeeeehaaaa...
5	Old Town Scottsdale revolves around this place.  If you visit, have a drink, late night bar hop and enjoy.
3	Looks western but doesn't feel it!  Cant imagine this as a local bar more a tourist bar.It's an okay bar with some good live music.  Staff was nice.
4	pretty cute SMALL little bar. Great live country band the night I was there :) Don't forget to leave your signed dollar on the wall!
5	Live music.  Very small divey bar in the middle of non-divey old town scottsdale.  Drinks are cheap, bartender makes you feel welcome (he's the only employee as far as I can see) and I don't even know if they serve food.Musician was friendly and played whatever you ask him to play..as long as he knows it!
5	Seriously FUN! We stopped in for one drink and stayed for two. Then went back later for another!The live music was awesome and everyone was having a good time. It was fun to look at all of the wall "decorations". Some were hilarious. Fun place to grab a drink and relax. Super small, but great atmosphere
5	Best bar in Scottsdale!! Old west style!!
1	Watch your drink! We loved going in to have a cold one every time we are in Ole Town, one of our party experienced being hit by a drug. It could have been really bad, had we were not a large group and was able to care for our friend!
5	Found this place by accident, stopped for one drink, had 3! Great fun, music brilliant, had a great sing along.
4	If ya wanna get cozy with complete strangers this is the place. Lots of fun great music
5	Awesome place!  Food is good, staff is friendly, there is usually live music and it is authentic southwestern.
5	Who doesn't love a good dive bar? The Rusty Spur is awesome. If you haven't been here, you need to go ASAP. This place always has live music and they take suggestions from the crowd which is fun. It's tiny in there, but I think it adds to the atmosphere. There's all sorts of fun things all over the walls that are cool to look at and the drinks are cheap. I would be really shocked if you didn't have a good time here, even if you aren't that into country music. It's just very western/old school Arizona feeling and a fun change from the rest of the bars in Old Town (it's also sort of away from the rest of the bars). When I graduated from college my dad, my stepmom and I all went to Saba's, bought boots, put them on, and walked over to Rusty Spur to get our drink on. I highly suggest you do the same ;)
4	Live music, laid back and - if you're lucky-  room to dance a bit by the band. Some nights it's jam packed and you can hardly get through the door, other nights it's nice to just sit and enjoy your beer. Sometimes it's a very entertaining show with bartender participation, other times is more mediocre. No matter how the place swings - on the busy side or more mellow - it's a fun time. I've only had basic beer and some well drinks here, but I like the beer selection. I was a little put off walking in there for a bachelorette party when we got dirty looks for being dressed up, but the staff was still nice to us (the patrons gave us the stink eye).  Love the bar stools with the big bums - they make for some good photo ops!
5	If I lived in the Phoenix area, I'd try to be a regular at this place. $3 ice-cold PBR, awesome live music (AKA REAL country-western), fun decorations, nice bartenders, and no pretension. It's a old-school western dive where one feels right at home...the kind of place where strangers smile at and laugh with one another. I've heard that you just about can't even get through the door during snowbird season, so I'm happy we were able to have a great time here TWICE last week. If you visit Scottsdale, you HAVE to stop here for a cold one, or four.
4	This is one of those places that I imagine out-of-towners come to to try and get that Southwest experience. In fact the night I was here I think,as a local, I was in the minority. And by local I refer to the large group of Scots in the bar dressed in Western wear having a HELL of a time in this "wee, bonnie bar"The place is tiny but lively with good live music, cheap drinks and a crowd that likes to have a good time. This is a nice alternative to a lot of the other places in Scottsdale. Definitely a place I need to hit more often for some live country music and definitely a place to bring out of town relatives and friends.Good times.
4	People have been drinking here since 1951, so I needed to try this place out for myself. Well, since Scottsdale is pretty empty in August, I was the only dude in there for about 15 minutes. It is a small bar with about 8 seats at the bar and some tables and a stage. The big TV is a homage to the present, while the decor is a throwback to the past. It is pretty much a must check out for a beer or two if your in the area and like bars and history. Embrace the cowboy past of Scottsdale before it's all gone.
4	By writing this I get that I am admitting to attending this venue at least once.  Truth be told, I love to drop in this  place and hear the old true Western and cowboy music done live by performers who are passionate to keep it real and alive!  IT makes me feel like a real American.  And it puts the flavor of good times without complications in your heart.  It is an old dependable friend waiting to give you a quick drink and a song to sing a long to.  It seems to always wait with open arms to offer you reflection time or a rowdy time with a few of your friends.  And somehow,  the touristy venue attendees all seem ready to get to know you.   Pull up a seat or notice the barstool girlie legs give all their Americana to the experience.  While I would not consider eating anything here....I would boldly drink my ginger ale out of a dirty glass here..
5	I love this bar. It has everything you could ask for in a small country bar.Well worth a trip and cheap
4	The spur burger is delicious I would recommend it to anybody very fresh and definitely juicy! The fries are delicious is well. We just happened to stumble across this place while walking through Old Town with some relatives from out of state. I will be back!
4	When Lindsey recommended that we go to the rusty spur, I was pretty excited. A real saloon! Maybe I can get a Sasparilla? Not exactly... But I did get hit on ruthlessly by 60 plus year old Canadians, danced a little to a sweet rendition of John Denver and had some whiskey shots with fellow yelpers.It reminds me a bit of Nashville in that it is a honky tonk that's much smaller and much cleaner than any giant country bar you would find in Texas. The drinks are pretty strong, which I can appreciate, and the bartender was definitely surly. To be fair, we came in like a whirlwind of 25 half drunk maniacs. There is definitely some eye candy there, good tunes and who doesn't love a place with dollar bills stapled all over the walls?Not a bad spot if you are in Scottsdale. And certainly better than going to a Vegas style club IMHO.
4	You can never go wrong with beers and live music at the spur!
5	It's a tiny place, so it get's packed, but it's a blast when the live music is playing on weekends. Every time you go you find something else interesting hanging on the walls that you missed the last time. It's a mixed crowd and everyone appears to be there just to have a good time. I recommend checking it out if you haven't been there.
3	This is a touristy western/country themed bar in the middle of Old Town Scottsdale.  It's probably a fun place to go if you like that kind of music, and are looking for a bar.  I stopped in with some family, and found it noisy and crowded.  They do have live music sometimes, which can be cool (again, if you're into country/western music).In general, if you're looking to grab a beer in Old Town Scottsdale, you could swing in here for a bit of atmosphere and people-watching.
4	Always a blast- just wish there was more room when it comes to "getting down" on the dance floor! GREAT PEOPLE WATCHING!
5	First off just wanted to say you have THE BEST bouncer in town!  What a treat on Wednesday night to hear the singing bartender.  We went back Thursday and Friday as well, fun atmosphere and can't wait to visit next year!!!  And you never know who might show up to sing a song.  Special thanks to the Psychobilly Rodeo Band, the singing umpire and Ryan Bexley!
4	Stopped by here for a beer before a spring training baseball game.  It is right in the middle of Old Scottsdale so it does cater to tourists.  Despite that, it has an authentic feel to it.  Next year when in town I'll probably stop by at night when they have music.
4	Okay  so Im a tourist!Stopped in here on Monday  the NCAA BB Championship game  was on  talked to a couple locals  and bartender and   asked  them  where to eat and watch the rest of the game  at halftime ,  they  all gave us some  good suggestions .  The bartender didn't  recommend  his own place   Not sure  if they  even served food ????   but some  reviewers said that they do  again  I'm puzzled a bit   but  the place was warm and friendly  and the people were  nice  so il give them an extra star
5	Best little bar in old town if you're looking for a hole in the wall, authentically local feel for a western bar. The people here always seem to be great people (typically an older crowd), and the staff is awesome. People come here to have a good time with friends, grab a drink, listen to music and be happy. Oh, and the live music here is perfect for any night of the week!
4	Nice little hole in the wall.  Visiting from Dallas for a meeting and this place was fun.  Sat in the big ass chick stool and that was funny to get pics from that.  Decent price on drinks.Not sure but I think it was non-smoking. We never noticed any smoke.   Bathrooms clean.
3	I love, love, love country music! I felt right at home on the Sunday afternoon that I went. This little place has a whole lot of character. The walls are adorned with dollar bills, various license places, and other miscellaneous items. The crowd was a bit older, but very welcoming! Russ was the soloist.  And when he sang The Cowboy Rides away, I knew I would be back. He solicits tips (whether you think he is good or not) by having a regular come to each table with an "offering" plate...Lol. I thought I was in church. One worker was serving the whole place.
3	I will do this in two parts. I have had drinks here several times. It is always the live music that draws me in off the streets. I just hear that guitar twang and suddenly I am whooping along with the rest of them. Being a western themed bar in Olde Town, you are going to get your share of photo snapping tourists. But the service is good and the beer is cold Happy Hour runs a buck above par. But I love live music. And this is the kind of place that you can gaze around and see something different each time. And the barstools shaped as chubby cheerleader asses never get old. I have never hit the place at lunch hour, but I will update when I do. Gotta try those Buzzard Wings they sell up. Food only serves until 4. Remember that. But so many choices nearby if you miss it. They sell great Scottsdale Tees and Hoodies, too. For the holiday giving time. I like to remind mom that I am having fun living here in the desert, Happy Hour fun.
5	Though I have no idea about the food at this place, I am cheating! They have awesome bartenders and drinks and the best SONG menu in Oldtown!;). Tip the singer please! He rocks and you shouldn't be a cheap skate...! Not a good look!!;)
5	Always love heading to the Spur. Great Drinks, Great Bands and Great Service! and fun people watching! It really is a good time. If you are in the area I suggest stopping by. Keep in mind it is VERY, VERY tiny so when it does get packed you are in there like sardines!
5	If you can fit into this itty bitty Country bar you'll definitely have a good time and I don't even listen to Country.  The live music on weekends is always the same band and same setlist but I love it every time.  Cheap drinks and friendly people are always found here.  Zero Scottsdale pretentiousness and lively people, even if they may have been a little overserved.You can find me most weekend nights here, it never gets old!
4	For a saloon it's probably the very best in Scottsdale!  Fun..small..really western feel. Love it!!
5	Great bar. I took my care give elder he love cow boy style and met ppl all over the world and states . He enjoy talked all ppl had great time. Every nights music are great drinks are reasonable no need HH . Bartender was very beautiful and nice ladies I was really happy stop by for Larry. I end up enjoy my self!
1	My GF and I went there and the music was good.  However, we are in AZ and thought Nachos would be a safe bet.  I tried to order them with chicken (a 1.50 up charge and the bartender advised they already come with meat and beans)  I went without the chicken.  We have been around the world, currently living in the pix area, and these by far are the worst nachos we have ever had.  More than half the stale chips had nothing on them.  Beer was fine, music was good, but I would never eat there again.  $12.00 for the nachos?  If I was the owner or cook I would be embarr assed
5	My favorite dive bar in old town. No BS. Straight shooting bartender with live music. Sit down, chill out and have several drinks. Uptight pretentious folks --- keep walking!!!
5	Had so much fun and this local dive bar! We stayed close by at the Saguaro resort and we were looking for a place to listen to some live country music. So, we jumped on our trusty Yelp app and found the Rusty Spur. Cheap drinks, a packed house, and some great live country music...and dancing! it made for the perfect night out in old town Scottsdale. If/when we return to the area we will make sure to stop in here again.We got here around 730 and definitely beat the entire crowd haha but by around 930/10 it was packedThe band takes request and they also make sure to let the crowd know that they take tips haha it's well worth it though!
4	Scottsdale Dive Bars - The Spur & Coach House can't beat 'em. Everyone is friendly, drinks and music are great.
5	Seriously great place.      Classic western bar looks, with great live music and a good beer / drink selection.     The place is just straight up fun.
1	Visited this "saloon" in Old Town, Phoenix but I was severely disappointed.  Was looking for a nice place to listen to some country and maybe do a little dancing with the wifey and heard this was the place to go....Nope!  The place is horribly small, no room to even stand in there much less make it to the bar to get a drink.  The music was live but I'm not a big fan of the whole "give me a tip and I'll play you a song" deal.  How about you play some good songs and then I'll give you a tip.  I will not be going back and I don't recommend.
1	Rusty on customer service....Really disappointed as the bar looked great, just the sort of place I normally like to visit as I'm a musician and love live music venues. Essentially the guy behind the bar was too busy talking to one of his regulars and it seemed like it was a real effort to serve us. No small talk and literally threw the change down on the bar and carried on talking to his buddy. Made us feel like a piece of crap on the bottom of his shoe. Pity as he had some really cool T shirts but instead of buying I voted with my feet.Obviously doesn't like visitors.
3	It's in Old Town so a bit touristy. Our server was a "bucket of no fun" but good for what it is and where it is. Beer prices for "bottle only" were pretty average.
1	StaY away from the Crazy Man!! The Ponytailed bartender 'Jummy'... Rude... Angry and Mean Spirited ..continued demanding (more) tips.. I told him kindly and with a smile...'you don't have to worry..we'll take care if you'.. And he grabbed our beers and told us to get out! Crazy Man.. Has issues..Stay Away!!... (Edited).. And COUNT YOUR CHANGE!.. He'll TAKE what he thinks he has coming to him without your offering it! Realized this after we left!! WOW.
5	Take the - Grab some suds , sit back and enjoy one of the Original Salons left in Scottsdale.. Good prices on grub and always fun - have been stopping here for years at least 2 or 3 times per /- great place to bring out of town friends.  Pretentious Snobs please keep walking there isn't enough room for you here.. LOL You can take  cab to the Coachhouse from here and few other local taverns- Patti place . Cheers
4	Randomly wandered into this place while my family was shopping for dream catchers in the downtown scottsdale area. This place is one of Arizonas oldest and most historic bars. If anything else, drop by for a brew. Check out the history. Awesome seats at the bar.....you will have to see for yourself
