2	Being a so called Las Vegas native, I should have known better.  The Boulevard Mall is in a not too up and coming area of town.  But having a couple hours to kill before an appointment at UNLV, I decided to kill it by doing what else?....shopping, of course!  I happen to arrive around the time the neighboring junior high school bell had just rung signaling the end of the day and beginning of their mall stroll....big mistake on my part.  Being the Green Valley, District strolling, SUV driving, gym membership holding woman that I have become, I found myself clutching my Dooney & Burke with white knuckle intensity.  Shame on me.  Back to the mall.  It  is the stereotypical mall with a JC Penneys, Dillards, and food court.  The one thing that makes it stand apart from the others is the plethora of hoochie mama stores.  Nowhere else in town have I seen such a sight all in one location.  I've usually had to drive around from store to store when I feel my hooch coming on.  If its that ultra lounge "look at me" ho outfit you are looking for or the stripper shoes or just some really wonderfully gawdy bejeweled come f@#! me shoes...this is the place for you.  Other than that, stick to the Galleria or better yet, the Fashion Show!
3	Oh, the Boulevard, where would we be without you?  I definitely wouldn't have gotten my Christmas shopping done in 1988 without you, that's for sure.The Boulevard's been around forever and it's pretty much been at the bottom of the mall food chain forever as well.  It's not in the best location safety-wise (actually, I think it's in the most dangerous part of the city), it's always being renovated although nothing ever looks different, and the selection of stores has been steadily declining for years.  Anymore, a lot of the places here are tchotchke stores selling 'moving water' pictures and the like.This mall is right down the street from me, however, and I don't feel like hoofing it to the Meadows (not much better at all) or doing the Fashion Show thing just to visit Forever 21 or Torrid.  So kudos to the mall for at least saving me those trips.
4	this mall could be cleaner, but its real great, what other mall has a Marshall's, Old Navy, and Circuit City, as well as 2 Shiekh Shoes, one even being 2 stories high...this mall has great stores surrounding it on Maryland Parkway and has some stores that you can't even find at the Galleria...In my opinion, the Galleria has turned into a dump and is losing stores left and right and it doesn't even have the stores that I like, not like the Boulevard...the Boulevard has Underground Station and some other good urbanwear stores and it is the 2nd largest mall in the state, as well as being a flagship mall of its manager GGP...the VONS gas station across the street has some of the best prices in town and plenty of parkingthe Boulevard's dept. stores have a better selection than the ones at the Galleria and again the shopping surrounding it like Seafood City is greatthe area behind it is one of the best country club communities and has some of the largest homes in town, the bad neighborhood is only west of Maryland, along Sierra Vistaanyways, the Boulevard is bright and has plenty of entrances and since its not 2 floors you don't have to walk to the end of the wing to use a stupid escalator or stairs, another interesting thing is that the Sears has a basement, which is different for Las Vegas, the Boulevard has actually actively added some stores, like Circuit City, Shiekh, Old Navy and remodeling older ones like the Foot LockerI don't know I just love this mall, even though the Fashion Show is a little bit better because it has an Apple Store, the Galleria has no Lids and come on, a convenience store and perfume store in the food court! that's outrageous, lately I've never seen the Galleria real busy, while the Boulevard is usually packed...
1	This is Las Vegas' ghetto mall as everyone has already mentioned. It is located down the street from Sunrise Hospital & UNLV and it is right across from Sierra Vista projects.Tha same old stores in all the malls except they closed KayBEE toys so no toy store anymore. The food court is always changing except McDonald's,Panda Express and Sbarro. I really hate the kiosk operators here always wanting to clean your glasses,shoes,hands or something and then sell you some way overpriced knock-off crap. This mall is kinda small and one story which makes it easy to get through quickly and they have valet but there is NO movie theater, No sitdown restaurants and NO more fountain, they took it out too. The strip malls next door have some nice stores like Circuit City & Best Buy,check them out.
3	There is nothing wrong with this mall. Perhaps the locals who say so much negativity are spoiled because of the much more high class fancy malls on the strip.But if you come from somewhere else, it will seem like any other mall around your area.If you are from the Bay Area, you will feel right at home. Think old school Eastridge, or East Bay malls. It's what we're use to and hell probably the mall all the real shoppers go to for a hard to find item. Surrounding seems fine. Never felt any kind of threat. But again it's all subjective. If you grew up in a predominant white neighborhood with little to no minorities, in the suburbs with home owners association, and don't understand the meaning of "movin' on up", because you were already up there to begin with.... yea you'll hate this mall.I gave it 3/5 stars because compared to the other malls, yes thats the stars it deserves, but it doesn't mean its one to avoid.
1	The mall is half vacant now. The clientele is not the kind you let your children shop around. The few carts they do have are "hawkers" its like walking through a carnival.
4	So much hate for this place but I make special trips 20-25 miles from summerlin to come here. 3.5 but round up.It is lower class, but I don't mind. I'm not poor I also love Fashion Show.BUT my main rave is their selection, yes they have other stores, but they also seem better. Not in the sense of hotter workers, or nicer decor, but selection! I agree with Phil C.The express for men store is a huge upgrade from the Fashion Show version. The prices here a little lower but what matters to me is that they have socks/underwear/pajama pants/belts/undershirts etc. I think Fashion Show now offers a few undershirts but no where near the amount. I love anything express, its almost like made to fit my body type so this one store makes the whole mall worth it. Compare 2 dress shirts @ 45 vs 2 @ 30. Pretty big markup for their cheap shirts if you ask me, shame FS. Price match and get a better/bigger guys selection, or Boulevard is where I dump my dough, this also became my first shopping experience where my debit card got blocked, spent 1,000+ at express, hot topic, pac sun and journeys if i remember correctly, had to bust out the credit card. Now i have an express cc ;]Other basic anchor stores and trendy spots, food court could use a bump but every time I get Panda Express, somehow their food is better than others... bigger chicken, less greasy etc.Never have any trouble parking and I've heard of violence but never seen any, they have like mall cops with HUGE mounty hats, with the big flat round bills, i think its funny ^_^This almost became a yelp all about EXPRESS
1	kinda ghetto. home of the biggest sheikh store i have ever seen && there's 2 in this mall. daang doe
2	I hate to say it, but this mall is kind of ghetto. The layout is somewhat bizarre, and depending on which side you enter, you'd never know about the other side if you didn't look at a map and just decide to wander. The stores are really nothing special and if you seek high end stores, you're better off hitting the strip. What's really weird is the women's stores in there--they're either plus sizes, clubby looking stuff, or outright hooker uniforms. There is also a Macy's, JC Penny and Sears. Three stores I never buy anything from anyway. There is, however, a Cinnabon, and I LOVE Cinnabon....
2	Ok....this is the closest mall to the STRIP but it's also the most ghetto mall we have.I bumped it up a star for it's loose claw machines where I won 5 things for $3!!!Gamestop has 0=original xbox games!!!! ok to drop in for a quick snack or something at Radio Shack but other than that I'll skip it.
2	ghetto.not too far from strip
4	Pros:The mall I go to the most.Large stores with great selection in my opinion. Close to 20 shoe stores, perfect for a sneaker head like me. Convenient location.The only mall with an Underground Station and a Heritage 1981.Cons:Kind of ghetto.I've heard way too many stupid high school kids talk about being scared to go here because they'll get shot or mugged(i've been here millions of times, I don't recall that ever happening to me or seeing it happen to anyone else)Doesn't have a Tilly's. A little rundown/dingy.Somewhat depressing since it used to be the RICH mall a long time ago.
3	Before the Galleria opened, this was the closest mall to my house. And in the modern age, I'm glad the Galleria opened, because the times haven't been too kind to this mall.First and foremost is the location. This is an "inner city" location, and definitely isn't the most pleasing place to have a mall. The place could use some more outdoor security. I once had a college professor that told me a story about being robbed at gunpoint here. And honestly, it isn't all that hard to believe. A few years ago, this place prided itself of being "Nevada's largest mall." This is probably true, but that doesn't mean it is the best. The selection of stores is fairly normal, but much like other malls, a lot of good stores have closed down in recent years, namely one of their record stores and their Suncoast. Still, it scores points for having a few things even the Galleria doesn't, including a pet store. The mall's layout is confusing as well. It is set up in a weird off-center H shape, and is all one story. It's extremely easy to get lost in this place as a result. Other malls take up less space and are 2 stories, and easy to get around in as a result. This is a single-story maze. The layout is even more frustrating on the outside. It is just yards away from a school, so if you go when school is in session be prepared to deal with flocks of kids blocking the streets. This place is half surrounded by busy streets and residential ones alike, so it's a real mess for a number of reasons. If you live in the area, you may as well come to this mall. But I'll be sticking with the Galleria.
3	What can I say.... it's ghetto but still a goodie. When I used to live on campus many moons ago, this was the place where I would go to shop. Now that I have moved out to the 'burbs, I hit up Galleria if I really want to go to a mall or the outlet stores downtown off of Charleston. Over the past few years, many of the major anchor stores have pulled up and left. However, they still have Sears, JCPenny and a few other places worth mentioning if I could remember their names. Oh well...  Food court is decent but nothing to write home about.
4	I just spent 2 hours at this mall...I would say that its better now than it was 6 months ago...I've never seen the mall so busy in so long, it seems like people are starting to come back to it...A lot of the "trashy" stores are gone and have been replaced, they closed of the part of the mall that was empty and now the whole wing up to Macy's on the other side is busy again with a lot of kids hanging out at the playground...Unfortunately the pet store and Famous Footwear closed, but I had great customer service at the JCPenney and Macy's.  It has a really nice Ecko store, but I would say to buy cheaper clothes go to the Burlington Coat Factory down the street and its the same stuff as Macy's.   Red Mango is also nice to have at the mall.  It would be nice if they could fill up the Dillards spot with something else, something on Macy's level, but having 3 department stores is OK.  The mall was busy, the people at the kiosks didn't bother me, and it was cleaner than usual.  Parking is also a lot easier at this mall than at the Galleria.  The Sears is remodeling the basement to put in a larger mattress department and the Macy's is 3 levels.  I thought the store mix this time around was good.  The mall seems to be getting better and I hope it does.  This was all on a Wednesday afternoon too.  To all those people saying they might get robbed there, I didn't see any "dangerous" looking people at the mall and I felt plenty safe.It does seem like they've added more clothing stores and there's not as many shoe stores as there used to be, its a nice mix now...
3	Out of the four major malls here (Galleria, Meadows, Fashion Show), this is my least favorite. But there are some saving graces: Old Navy, Yankee Candle, the Pet Store, some promotions if you join the e-club. And I almost forgot Marshall's- just outside of the old Dillard's location.There are a lot of empty store space up for lease.One wing looks pretty depressing. Once, with my husband, I counted about 25 empty slots! We went again this I don't think that count includes the food court. **UPDATE 7/24/10- part of the mall where a lot of the stores vacated, has been officially closed off, after Frederick's, making that wing feel even smaller (kinda like an Alice in Wonderland feeling) and more depressing, for that matter. At least, we actually went shopping here at several different stores- Game Stop, FYE, Macy's, and Old Navy. Sadly, the Pet Store closed! The McDonald's is still closed at the food court. Now, the other half is closed, due to renovations.It's pretty crowded on Black Friday due to the department store sales and promotions. My last few trips here were pretty quick- a few stores and I was out of there. It's convenient if you're doing some shopping in the area- lots of shopping in the surrounding strip malls on Maryland Parkway.
2	There is a fair selection of stores here and it's close to the college, so it's convenient for students.  There is covered parking in various areas around the mall itself, and the entrances are dotted along Maryland parkway, some with traffic lights. When I went, most places were locked up, so I didn't get to explore very much. It was 6pm on a Sunday, so I'm not sue what to think of that. This is Vegas after all, and many people work ridiculously late hours even on Sundays.
2	After shopping at Sears I decide to check out the mall. What the heck is going on with this mall? Its like a ghost town! So many stores are closed..I miss Brookstone! I guess its a sign of the times.But there are still a bunch of shoe stores. And they have a Anchor Blue now and Fredricks is still open. I dont get over to this mall hardly ever anymore and I dont know when I will be back...
2	When I moved to Las Vegas in 1993, this mall was the best in town.  Before all of the high end malls on the Strip were built, this was the place to go shopping.....well, all good things get crappy over time.  This place is really Ghetto now.  Was going to do some Christmas shopping, but walked around for 10 minutes and said "screw this" and left.Will I return?  No way.
2	It's a small mall, but it has you basic essentials. I like the Torrid here better than my local shop and the Old Navy has a good enough selection.I didn't notice the empty stores like everyone is mentioning, it seemed pretty hopping when I was there on a Wednesday afternoon.In any case, it's a small mall with the basic essentials of a mall, so it's good enough.
2	*sigh*So I visited this mall for the first time in a little bit over a year and it's gotten so depressing in here. There are so many stores which are either going out of business or are just gone (including some of my favorites such as Underground Station and FYE). It also seems like a lot of old stores have been replaced with.....prom dress shops. You know a mall is desperate if the good stores are closing in favor of prom shops. It's such a shame, it's been here so long and has fallen into such a terrible funk.
3	Well, it can be good if you want prom/quince dresses or cheap clubbing stuff (random Forever 21 like shops) since a majority of the stores were selling that. There isn't too much here though I would come for. Maybe if this Macys had some houseware things that I can't get at other closer to my house locations. A lot of the stores are empty and there isn't a crowd to sustain. There are some straight ghetto watching though- I saw a girl who was wearing a THONG bikini around. Bitch, I know you were at the pool, but it's no where near here. Cover yur azz.
2	A-okay mall. Kinda deserted. Lots of small shops. Not too many big names. Or I didn't get that far in. You should, however, stop by the "Buy today, gone tomorrow' store. you might find a steal. I bought those cake pans that are shaped like a donut, oreo cookie or cupcake for only $7. I went to the as soon on tv store and they sold for about $25. A steal? Hell yeah. Same brand and all too.
3	Man this place is so sad to look at now ... It's definitely not the worst mall I've ever been to but it used to be a bustling shopping mall ... It's not aging gracefully at this point and I would like to see some improvements.... For very basic shopping it's still a go ... But for things of the nicer variety ... Skip the boulevard !
4	Okay this mall is pretty old and there's so Gucci or Prada but it does have the basics: Forever 21, Macy's, Claire's, Hot Topic etc. The back of the mall isn't that hot and the food court changes every time I go. It seems as though the mall may be closing in the future. Until then, I'll shop til they drop!
3	I do not go here very often. It is good only because it is close when I really need something, like for Halloween this year I only needed something I could find at Hot Topic. So a quick in and out process was established.They have all the main stores you would see in a normal mall, except for a Barnes & Noble, which should be a must for all malls in my opinion. Also, they had a lot of stores in the mall that are currently not in use. Emptiness has engrossed this mall very much in a last 4 years I have been here. So nothing fancy. Honestly, the fanciest it has ever been was the day I went and saw Flava Flav baby clothes shopping with a pregnant chick on his arm. That was pretty hilarious. It is just a mall, a very Plain Jane mall. The carnival they had in the parking lot this past week was probably more interesting then the mall itself. But hey, its cheap most of the time and it is something to do on this side of town.
3	This mall Is never too crowded, there are great deals and It has a big food court. The mall Is not as big as or as new as all the other malls but you have some known stores here such as Old Navy, Hot Topic, Journey's, Sears ect...
4	Needed some time off the strip, and this was just right!The mall was quiet and had some of the stores we were looking for...JC Penny, Macy's, Lane Bryant & Torrid.Seemed like the place locals would go, not the tourists.Found some sweaters & a jacket which is what I was looking for. Yay!
2	This place is an empty shell. It used to be sprawling with lively people, stores, food, and fun. Now it is a place you run in and out of and pray not to get shanked. The good things are that there are some normal stores that have stayed despite many great stores leaving. The Dillards has been closed forever now and is just blocked off. There is no longer a book store, a pet store, and a few of the jewelry stores are gone. In their places many "hood" stores have popped up. There is even a small Hispanic museum in the wing of the mall that used to be near the entrance to the Dillards as well as a car dealership type place and a furniture store...random... Anyway, there can be good deals to be found in that secret hallway as it houses the Express, Bath and Body Works, and a Victoria's Secret Store. Since not too many people shop there, more things go on sale! ;-)
3	A-OK.Decent one level mall.  Stores are on the smaller size, but there's still a diversity of them.  Plenty of parking and less foot-traffic here too.  It's clean and pretty open for an indoor mall.  I will also note that as far as malls go, the people who work here are friendlier than most.
2	This mall used to be one of the best. I used to enjoy coming here, until I had something stolen from me here. Compared to the Fashion Show mall, this is tiny. My grandpa used to take me here when I was little, so going here bring back memories. From what I hear, the food court has downsized a lot. If they clean up, I may just start coming back.
1	This used to be my favorite mall years ago, despite even my whole group of friends from high school calling it "ghetto central". Used to have Suncoast, Spencers, etc. Now I'll really only go back because it has a Hot Topic, Torrid, and Game Stop...close to me. My favorites are now Fashion Show and Galleria. -_-Part of it  is... closed down? That's sad. I also miss the pet store. Now there's all sorts of hoodie stores. No thank you. I'd rather just go somewhere else for the most part.It also says something bad about the mall by itself that they actually have signs saying to lock your car and hide your belongings. RED FLAG!
3	This is a one level mall. It can seem cramped.It does have a parking garageIt is the first mall in Vegas so that is something to keep in mind when you consider the size.The neighborhood used to be so nice but has majorly gone down hill.I rarely go to this mall anymore but I do have good memories from when I was little going here.If you are in the area and need something from a mall don't be afraid to stop in.
3	This mall has a glut on perfume, jewelry and shoe stores. I like taking my kids here because they have mini rides, 3 for $5. A good deal, and its a fun family nite for them. The rides are at the food court - i rarely venture into the mall itself. Theydo also have a mini indoor freesoft playground near macys.
1	The owner so he said of the little area with kiddie rides and games was rude and he did not no how to handle two year olds anyone else would  of taking matters in there own hand after the way he grab ky granddaughter hands children that age our courious no ned to be rude i will never NEVER SHOP THAT MALL AGAIN and ive been going there for over 32 years closes  place not the greatess anymore but i believe in supporting the area i live in but NO MORE THE OWNER OPERATER MADE MY GRANDDAUGHTER CRIED AND HE SHOULDnt BE WORKING WITH CHILDREN IF U ASK ME ; (
1	This used too be a great mall in the 90"s but it's gotten really bad. The area is not considered too be that great. There isn't any store I want too go in..kinda sad because I used too love this mall.
4	I personally like this mall, it has some decent stores and is the only place in vegas to have the all new Volcano Electronic Cigarettes who seem to have a very helpful staff and good customer service and warrantee, the mall is only one level but I do like it, Ive seen Metro police and LOTS of security walking around, havent seen any hoodlums or anything like that and im not afraid to turn my back at this mall
3	In a sketch area but man, the deals are to be had then in the nicer parts of town!  Almost all the shops have amazing deals and sales this time of year so if you plan wisely you can spend your christmas gifts/checks early!  I sooo did this and got some great stuff for amazing prices.  I parked in the Macy's lot, your car will be fine and your body will be fine as well just don't go at midnight or night, by the way they are not open at midnight anyways! ;)  Trust me it is worth the previous reviewer nightmares I had no bad customer service at all only bad patrons.  By the way there are some top notch places nearby high-rises guard gated communities in it's near lying communities and more not so great near lying communities. In macy's alone I was getting 60% off and other offers on top of that!  I don't recommend thinking you will spend a afternoon here in the mall it is a bit more gritty then the outlying malls but DEALS deals DEALS.
1	LAS VEGAS VISITORS, DON'T COME HERE!!! you will be so bored out of your mind!!!I think the north las vegas premium outlets are bad, this is even worse!! I didn't think that was possible! But this mall is made of the most unpopular stores you can think of, aside from Macy's I guess. But why would you have to drive away from the strip to go to Macy's when you have a better Macy's at Fashion Show mall? Call me spoiled, but from all the diverse stores on the Las Vegas strip and fashion show mall, I'm just not use to walking the entire mall without going into any stores!
1	This used to be a very nice mall. In the last ten years though, it has really gone downhill, along with the entire area around it. It is now a pretty dangerous area of town.The Boulevard Mall itself is now just tacky stores staffed by  uninterested/rude employees who have to deal with super creepy tweeker gangster patrons.The bookstore is now gone, which says a lot.For the tweekers: Just keep doing what you are doing at the Boulevard.For the normal people: I recommend the Galleria at Sunset instead. They have good deals, a good selection of shops, and decent customer service.
4	I don't know why this place has such a poor rating. Sure, it doesn't have the Ritz and glitz of the malls that you can find on the strip here in Las Vegas. But what it does offer is a hip, urban touch to life that you can't seem to find at the other malls in town. I am not the type of person, who just goes to the Mall to wonder around and window shop so maybe that is why I can enjoy this mall. I know where I am going and what I am going for and I am often in and out. I am a fan of this mall because it is not always crowded, I can easily find a good parking spot, and I mostly get great customer service at the stores I do visit. The surrounding area is not the nicest. And maybe that is why this mall gets a poor rap. And yes, it's old. But I love the stores here.
2	I would ever choose to come to this mall. I have been a couple times out of necessity and it's reminiscent of that episode of Are You Afraid of the Dark when there are scary clowns and zombies in the mall after closing time. It's a really dreary place, but it does have that Latin American museum going for it, so that's a plus. I will say that the people at Victoria's Secret were some of the most stellar VS workers ever. They were really doing good at persuading me to buy other things that I didn't need. I didn't succumb to their advances, but they were soclose. I don't recommend.
2	While not as sad as the Barstow Outlets (the abandoned-looking mall next to Tanger), Boulevard Mall really seems to be in decline.  First it was just Dillard's that closed with no replacement.  But now, even the stores that used to connect Dillard's to the rest of the mall have closed with no new tenants.   The same stores with a better food court and nicer ambiance are available at other malls in Las Vegas.  About the only good thing was the abundant parking.
3	The area surrounding this mall looks a little scary and so are the people.  I wouldn't really spend my time shopping in the area unless I had a security guard following me and I consider myself a tough dude... haha.  They do have a variety of shops but there are also a few areas that are empty.
3	Not the worst mall I have ever been to, but it is just very very boring. It had a few places I like so it wasn't a complete waste of time. Certainly not a place that I would go to regularly.
2	Gone down hill. I come here for Frederick's of Hollywood, it's closest, and it beats driving to the strip.I am so disappointed, and will not be returning to any of their stores. I have recently had a baby, and needed to be remeasured, due to the fact that I was no longer breast feeding. I saw that the girl at the register was busy checking people out, so I waited, and while I waited, I browsed the store. Mean while, I am seeing employees walk in, passing me with food and drink in hand, and I also received no acknowledgement from them..    I still waited, because I really wanted to make a purchase, my bras have really stretched during my pregnancy, and I was finally feeling up to a fitting, because we all know how exhausting that can be. I try on shoes, I circle the store about 2 times. Well, about ten or fifteen minutes go by, and even after the girl was done checking people out, giving out fitting rooms, she decided to continue to ignore me, and pound on the employee room to talk about "so in so"s wedding. It was only when my husband, daughter and I walked out that she asked if we needed help. I am disgusted with the lack of customer service, or care...... The employees' gossip is more important than sales, and it is sad. Wrote Frederick's, and no response.The only good place here is old navy.
3	Well I can't be to hard on this mall since I was an out of town visitor....but this is definitely the "Neighborhood" mall. None of the stores were real special....pretty much your basic chains. Examples being.....Bath and Body Works.....Sears.....Macy's.....Hat Club.....small food court......Cinnabon....Victoria's Secret.....etc...I did however find a great deal on some linen Sean Jean shorts at Macy's. I was very disappointed that the JCPenny's was closed and they have put nothing in it's place. It is a supreme eye-sore and the funny thing I didn't really notice until I tried to walk into the store and noticed it was all closed up. As I drove around the mall there was plenty of parking to be found but a lot of "hidden" spots which I know are not good especially if you come late at night. I was also disturbed at the fact that there was a police car located at 3 entrances leading into the mall.....not to mention a heavy security detail inside of the mall. Don't know what that was all about but if that is a daily occurrence at this mall.....don't think I would be coming that often. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
3	Reminds me of my hometown mall.  Less crowded here though and there is plenty of parking.  Seems like I am not even in Las Vegas because it is fairly empty.Definitely not a high end mall.  There are quite a few empty storefronts especially on the east wing.  Lots of security patrolling.  The anchor stores are Sears, Macys, Marshalls, and JC Penney.  The food court appeared decent.  I was too full to try anything though.Most importantly, there is an Old Navy store here.  My wife is a fan of Old Navy, and because she normally can buy a lot for less money...well, that makes me a fan of the chain store also.  Quality is not bad either for their clothes.  Would we come to this shopping mall again?  Probably not.  Only reason we would is because they have an Old Navy store, and there is no Old Navy at the two outlet malls in town.  Who knows though, maybe someone will turn this mall into an Outlet.  That may turn this place around cause it looks like it could use a lot of positive changes.
4	I love how this mall is never ever crowded and especially the fact that finding covered parking is always readily available. It's a shame there's a lot of vacancies. Been shopping here for about 10 years now and it's always been the same.
4	Well, I'm a visitor to Las Vegas, and I loooove Boulevard Mall.  It was the first mall I ever saw in Vegas, and I think I first came to Vegas in the late 1950s or early 1960s.  I think it was an open air mall then, and I remember I could find everything I needed or wanted there.  I only come to Vegas infrequently now because of my age (maybe visit once in 10 years), but I still head for Boulevard Mall.  Others in my party don't seem to care that much for it, but I need to have my Boulevard Mall fix whenever I come to Vegas.  I never was aware of the crime people talk about, but maybe it's because I've always come during the daytime, and the kids are in school; also I've never coming during the evenings.  It's always been what I consider a working class mall--nothing fancy or glitzy but functional and practical.  Ever since it's been enclosed, it looks classier; and I like the touch with the fountains.  There are even giant size photos of old Las Vegas with the old-time entertainers that I enjoyed.  It has all the name department stores and a variety of specialty stores.  A nice selection where you can find almost anything.  The major plus here is the expansive parking lot.  I tried parking at the Fashion Show Mall, and I had trouble getting out and ended up facing a busy street that required  a right turn in a direction I didn't want to go.  What a bummer!  You never have that problem at Boulevard Mall.  It might be the neighborhood that people refer to it as a "ghetto mall," but I didn't find any troubles there all the times I've visited, and I guess security is pretty well taken care of there. It's not really super-busy, and a lot of stores have closed, so I've always wondered what should be added.  Maybe a movie theater complex, or a children's amusement center (carousel, train, slides, etc.). Yes, Fashion Show Mall and Galleria are fancier, but the prices are higher too.  Meadows Mall is about on the same level as Boulevard Mall, but I've always found Boulevard close and more convenient.  If I lived here, Boulevard Malle would be my place to shop.  It's my kind of mall.
1	Great in the early 90s, now its like an indoor swapmeet.  We use to call the Meadows mall the "Ghettos" mall but now its the Boulevard thats way more ghetto than any other malls in Las Vegas.
1	Time to update this review.  I remember when this mall was the place to come and shop....now, it's one of the worst places to come and shop.  It's been going downhill for years.   During a recent trip, I stopped by to see if it has gotten better...the mall is Ghetto and isn't worth the effort.  I think it's time to close it. Return Factor - 0%
1	The mall should have been closed down years ago! The place is a health hazard.First of all it's not really a mall, it's a step up from a swap meet. The nicest store there is a beat up Macy's.Secondly, there are absolutely no good food options. I wouldn't even eat a wrapped candy bar that comes from that mall.The customers are less then desirable. There are shootings in the mall, on a regular basis. I only go to that mall when I absolutely have to. Usually by no choice of my own.There are two different malls, not far from there. Might be a safer bet.
2	Like a couple other reviews mentioned, blvd mall is a lot like my hometown mall too - but to me, that really isn't a positive thing. This was already considered the ghetto mall when I moved here 10yrs ago, and it's just gotten worse. I stopped by old navy to find clothes for my friends kids and decided to check out the rest of the mall. It's been years since I've been, and looks like I haven't missed a thing. It's clean and peaceful because no one was there, so if you like the stores they have and hate crowds, you'll probably like the blvd mall. I didn't bother with sears or jc penney, but macys was about the same as the one in galleria. Ecko had a sale so it was packed, but all other stores were empty, and the employees looked bored and sad. I walked to the car with my keys in my hand, just in case I had to gouge out someone's eyes. I won't be back.
3	This mall has gone down hill the last time I came here its almost like a ghost town as there are hardly any stores there since the last time I came here. It also doesn't help that its in one of the worse areas in the valley but the only positive s is it has some of my favorite stores here and my girlfriends favorite stores but other then that not much of a reason to come here.
4	After reading the reviews here, we went to the mall with some trepidation.  It's very convenient to where we moved so we wanted to give it a chance.  The mall was absolutely fine!  It was spotlessly clean and had a huge number of stores.  It was not "ghetto" as others on here have referred to it.  Everyone who checked us out in any store was very pleasant.  What was sad, however, was that it was a Saturday and it should have been crowded but it wasn't at all.  I will be going back to shop here in the future without hesitation.
1	This mall is definitely ghetto. When I was there, there was no A/C.  I was in Sears and all the overhead announcements were in Spanish. When I asked the cashier about that, she told me it was because most of the clientele were Spanish speaking.I will NEVER go there again!
4	This mall has all of the necessities, and there are values to be had here.  It's convenient to park and walk in and out very easily.  Feels clean and comfortable.
4	Great place if you want to get away from the crowd on the strip! Prices are reasonable. Has a few places to eat and a few things for the kids.
3	This review may not be so much of a recommendation, but advice because the mall is a shell of its former self. Inside of the mall, one can great deals at Macy's (much better shopping experience than the Fashion Show), Penny's and Sears with less hassle and better interactions with sales reps. There is also a lovely photo display of Vintage Vegas, wireless stores (e.g. T-Mobile and Metro PCS) and a colorful Latin museum. The Boulevard Mall also comes with free Wi-Fi through Cox. Though the food court is not to my liking, Viva Cafe is a very bright spot. They serve all natural and wholesome food. The iced tea that I ordered was made on the spot. Sweet! For parents with small children, there is a stroller rental and an "Animal Safari" where the kids can ride their creature of choice. For those who like sporting goods there is Vans and Zumiez among others. The area in which the mall is located in a very centric part of the city. Outside of the Boulevard Mall, there is Marshalls, Vons (gas and grocery), XO liquor store, Subway's, Carl's Jr., Seafood City, Albertsons, Target, Walgreens, 99 Cents Only store, a florist, a shoe repair shop, furniture stores, a 24-hour laundromat, the Clark County Library and restaurants (ethnic and franchise owned) within a 1-mile radius.For those who say that the neighborhood is "ghetto", they are clueless to the real features of slums. Real ghettoes do not have many businesses around with the exception of pawn shops, liquor stores, no-name quickie marts, and plexiglassed fast food joints surrounded by public housing (i.e. the projects). This doesn't mean that the Winchester area is nice by any means, but if businesses are still in operation then the dividends exceed the investment.
4	The mall itself is ok. Just like most malls. The thing that makes this mall so special is the kids entertainment near the food court. I have been taking my daughter there since before she could walk, and it has become our go to place whenever we can't figure out what to do! They have a train on a track, a spinning swing, and a few other rides, just perfect for kids. Also, it is not expensive at all. Like $5 for 3 rides.
5	Every time I come here there's always a new store opening up. Along with that most of these national tenants here have very good prices on their stuff that you will not find it at any other stores anywhere else
1	This mall has descended into quite toilet over the past 30 years.  It was "the place" in the 80's. Now its gross. If you survive the parking area you are met with a dirty food court full of hoodlums, second rate stores that cater to gangsters and ghetto rats, and general vibe of urban malaise.  Even the larger stores like Macy's and JC Penney seem to be lacking here.I went into Macy's and they actually had a DJ! He was cranking out the latest street filth that today's lost youth are into at an ear splitting decibel. Wow.....  JC P's in now a single floor, I remember when it was two. I think they use the second floor as a correctional facility now. And Dillards did the honorable thing a few years back and just packed it in. It is still vacant to this day. Bottom line: avoid this dump and go the The Galleria. The Boulevard Mall sucks. Unless of course you need a pinata shop and some greasy churros served up by some parolee with facial tattoos.
3	Generic mall, hasn't changed since we were there 10 years ago.  Located in a rather seedy area off Maryland, just north of UNLV.  The Macys on site is rather small with inept staff.
5	The Boulevard Mall has changed .It has New stores n  great shops. Just spent the morning there.even has better kiosk n more of a selection of food. I love it
3	Growing up in Las Vegas, this place used to be the ideal place to shop and dine but now it isn't the same as usual.  This place has gone way down, partly to blame by the recession but mostly to blame on outside competition.  Now, people frequently flock to much more trendier shopping centers on the Las Vegas Strip or other upscale malls like the Galleria Mall, Boca Park, Downtown Summerlin just to name a few.  Unless this place gets a major face lift, this place will eventually crumble to the ground.
1	I grew up going to this mall when they actually had stores. Now its more like a swapmeet in there, all these stores with cheap looking clothing.
