4	Noticed that this restaurant had changed hands yet again.  It's close to where we live so we decided to stop by for lunch one day.  First, the interior was remodeled pretty nicely.  You can tell they had a budget but I thought it was well done, very modern interior.  Service was spectacular.  To be honest, the reason why I gave them four stars was for how nice the owners/ staff were.  You can tell that they were trying to make a good impression to new guests and it definitely worked.  We ordered off the "lunch special" menu.   A lot of food for five bucks.  We had chicken & vegetables and orange chicken with a chicken satay app.  The Satay was a little dry and the peanut sauce had curry in it, not what im sue to but it was ok.  The main dishes were not bad for Americanized Chinese food.  You can tell the orange glaze on the orange chicken was more of a homemade marmalade which was a nice surprise.  The crab ragoons and egg wrongs were not bad either.  I would definitely come back to try their more authentic choices such as their Pho.  I'm guessing the family is Vietnamese so i should try to stick those items on the menu.Overall we will be back.  Best of luck to them.
5	Very nice restaurant - decor updated from previous restaurant in this location. Service very friendly and helpful with the menu, which offers a lot of choices.  The food was very good - started with the Tom Tom soup, which was very tasty but too spicy for me.  They toned down the portion I took home and it was just right.  The green curry chicken was delicious and just the right amount of fire for me.  The restaurant is family owned, well run, good service and great food.  The staff works hard and it shows.  I highly recommend Simi's to everyone who enjoys Asian cuisine and friendly, local restaurants.
5	Great Authentic Food, Nice Decor for the price I don't think you can find better, I eat out quite a bit and I would say try the Pho and also the Mong, I would say that it is probably one of the best if not the best in town. Overall: excellent food great service Will be back
5	My wife and I drove past the place several times and did not notice the restaurant until they hanged the decorative flags outside the building.  We decided to give it a try last night and was pleasantly surprised by the food quality and service.We ordered both the deep-fried and fresh spring rolls for appetizers and they were both delicious. I used to think Little Saigon in Glendale has the best spring roll but this place might have topped them.  My wife and I both ordered pho and the broth had so much flavor.  I think the pho should have more meat in it and I think the owner is trying to balance the price and the portion of the serving size.  The pho is only $5.75.The restaurant also has Thai and Chinese dishes on the menu.  We definitely will go back to try out the Thai curry dishes.  The service is very attentive and friendly.
4	Simi's Cafe is outstanding!  The owners are extremely friendly and accommodating, and the food is terrific.  I'm always on the lookout for a place that makes good pho and Simi's does not disappoint.  The red chicken curry is excellent as well.  Between the service, the food, extremely reasonable pricing, and clean decor, Simi's is definitely a winner.  I'll definitely be going there on a regular basis.
5	PHENOMENAL!!!  We went to Simi's since it was near our new home... SOOO surprised!!!  Can't wait to eat the leftovers then back to get more...  Great food, great service.
5	One of the best Asian places in Phoenix. This is the first restaurant to make me want to leave a review. The sauces for the pork and spring rolls are Perfect. I had the orange chicken and I would say its the second best I've had in Phoenix. My dad had the Kung Pao chicken and it was amazing as well. The Service was excellent and the newly renovated restaurant is great looking.
5	*NOTE* - The map on yelp is incorrect.  This place is located on Baseline between Gilbert and Lindsay.  Google maps shows it correctly.I'm not an Asian food expert, I've mostly tried just the chains (PF Changs, etc).  But wow... This place blows any other Asian place I've tried out of the water!!! Seriously... We had the pork and veggie spring rolls, and I had no idea spring rolls could be this good.  I was tempted to keep ordering them.  Then I had the orange chicken.  Incredible.  If I ever want Asian food, this is where I will want to go.  The service was really friendly.  It's a family owned place and they make you feel part of the family.
5	I have had beef Pho all over the US and this is one of the best!  Great summer rolls,also.  Place is modern and very clean.  Everyone is friendly and service is quick!
5	Too many places water down their pho or use the instant mix. You just smell and taste the difference at Simis. It's the closest thing to my moms homemade pho.  Owners husband said himself that everything is made in house and fresh. So good! Went here twice in one week!
5	Whenever I come home to see my parents, we always go to Simi's, ever since they opened. Although it is not a big restaurant, you get more here than you would elsewhere.This is a family restaurant; a couple opened this shop earlier this year, naming the restaurant after their first child, Simi. Sometimes, the man's father is the lead chef. You then know it's as authentic as it can get!They make a fusion of Asian cuisin; from Chinese to Vietnamese. Even throw in a little Thai. They make everything very fast and if you have never tried Vietnamese broth; it's a must! My family of five ordered 4 dishes and we were so full afterwards. There are plenty on each plate. The couple is super nice and friendly. You can talk to them like they are your friends. Young couple, too! So they can relate about anything! This place should get more reviews because its new and it needs a little help. Why not give this place a try? It won't let u down. :) it hasn't for me yet!
5	Amazing food and friendly, helpful staff. The pho was authentic with awesome portions. The owner told me it is a family recipe boiled at least 10 hours with no MSG. I also recommend the salt and pepper wings and iced Vietnamese coffee. What a nice surprise.
5	This is my second visit, and it was as good as the first.  Place is run by a young, local couple, along with help from their family members.  The menu has excellent variety, the servers are pleasant and attentive.  The food is delicious and the prices are extremely reasonable.  I am so thrilled to have found this little treasure!
5	This place was fantastic. The service was quick and and the food was hot and amazing. We ordered via phone and had our dinner delivered in about a half hour. The orange chicken was superb. And the beef pho was very tasty. Everything we ordered was fresh and excellent. We will definitely eat from here again.
2	Hmm, apparently I'm in the minority with my review here but I was less than impressed. Stopped in for lunch for pho ga (chicken pho).  Ordered a Diet Coke to drink.  Diet Coke was flat, I tried to let the server know that they needed to check the carbonation but she wasn't understanding me so I told her I would have water instead.Pho came out quickly.  I asked for 1) a spoon (yes, need a spoon for the broth, thanks), 2) for cilantro and onions.  I got what would amount to about 1 sprig of cilantro and some green onions.  Realized after I got the smidgen of cilantro that they hadn't served the side of sprouts, basil, jalapenos, etc on the side... At this point I will just have to make do.Younger server came to check on me so I ask her for more cilantro as well as jalapenos/limes (which would normally have already been served on the side).  She explains that they don't bring the veggies with the "chicken noodle soup" because there are already veggies in the soup and most people don't eat the sprouts, etc.  Fair enough, I usually don't eat the sprouts either, but I always use the limes and jalapenos and lots of cilantro so please bring me some, thank you.Out she comes with more cilantro (more than a sprig which was nice) and jalapenos.  No lime though.  I've given up at this point and used the lime from my water.After adding the cilantro, jalapeno and watery lime, the pho was much better (pretty bland otherwise) and it satisfied my pho craving, but can't say that I'll be back in the future, at least not for pho.  I know this is a lot of detail and maybe sounds a little picky for just a bowl of soup, but honestly, pho is not that complicated and certain things are just standard and they didn't deliver those "standards" here.The decor was very nice and the second server really did try to make me happy, but all in all there other places I much prefer.
3	One star because they deliver. They forgot one of our entrees and the food overall was just ok. Not as authentic as I hoped. The curry was the best thing we ordered. Teriyaki and other sauces are very sugary and full of preservatives.
5	Phenomenal customer service amazing food and nice atmosphere. Very clean and well kept. I recommend the orange chicken and the beef pho.
5	Loved it! I am no stranger to pho, this was a great and tasty bowl of noodles, sliced beef and hot broth right down the street from my room. The huge bowl of pho came with the usual suspects on the side ie..bean sprouts, basil , lime and sliced jalapenos. I also ordered the pork spring rolls, and shrimp rice wrapper rolls. The pork rolls were served hot and crispy with a nice fish dipping sauce. The rice wrapped rolls were stuffed with veggies , sliced pork and shrimp. Very fresh and light.The service was great and the owner was fantastic. Will b back for sure!
4	Great place!!! It's right around the corner from me, the service is unbeatable. I have been a few times and I have to say the green curry is amazing but very hot! I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for friendly service, a calm atmisphere, and some really great dishes.
5	First of all, I should say I was starving. Pregnant and starving. So, I thought maybe my impression of this place was because anything would taste good. BUT, my husband, who wasn't starving and isn't pregnant, really loved it and he rarely likes my asian food choices. We got the pho, which was good, but probably not my favorite, the spring and summer rolls, both of which were very tasty, the crab rangoons, VERY good and craveable, the orange chicken, easily the standout of the order (the sauce is TO DIE FOR...I'll be headed back JUST for this dish), and the kung pao chicken which, while good, maybe wasn't as spicy as I prefer. Also got the beef fried rice, which was great fried rice. Not too overseasoned or greasy. My kids really liked everything, which is usual. Overall, a great little find. I will go back again for the orange chicken and look forward to trying some of their other offerings. Oh, and the service was SO nice. Kids waited with me and got lots of attention in the form of soda and fortune cookie while we waited. Delightful woman taking the order.
4	This place is hidden, and a little run down on the outside but well worth looking past all that,  the food is excellent and the customer service is great.  I will be going back.
4	Pho was excellent along with their famous orange chicken. Love the look of their dining room, very modern and fresh. Finished our meal with an excellent Thai iced tea with boba and Vietnamese iced coffee. The drinks were addicting and I may stop going to Starbucks.
5	Both the beef chow fun wide noodle, and the mixed vegetable with lightly fried tofu, were excellent. The noodle dish was among the best I've had, which was portioned just right for three hungry people, and was free of any excess oil. The vege dish was a colorful medley of quality freshness and variety. Combined with quick and friendly service, I'll be back for more!
4	Came here on a Friday night and it was not crowded at all!We ordered the beef pho.It came out really fast. It was really delicious, and very authentic. Also, the service here is AMAZING the waitress seems like she actually cares about your experience, and she's very attentive and not at all annoying. the reason I gave it 4 stars is because the portion is a little bit smaller than l'm used to, and also because it's pricier than my other place. So although it was really great, I'll probably stay with my other favorite Pho place, Thuan Thanh.
4	Update: Had again tonight. My party ordered the vietnamese beef over rice, the green curry, and the pho. The food was very good, Vietnamese beef over rice was cooked perfectly, and my curry was very flavorful, but also a bit spicy so be warned. They ran out of beef for the pho, unfortunatley, so my dad  got the beef chow fun. It took a while to come out and we were already there for a long time, however, the food was delicious (And on the house) so no worries there! ONce again, a lovely experience at Simis and we will be back. Also, to add again, the service here is fantastic!!! Top notch! We'd come back just because the waitress is so good at what she does!!
4	Good food, good service. Had lunch there twice, one take out. We will go back. The first tme I went for take out they gave me soup while I waited. The outside could use some work,  if not for the reveiws here we would have missed a good place.
2	Like Renata K. I am in the minority here. But, I stand by my rating.I ate here on the recommendation of my brother and his fiance and looked forward to a good bowl of Pho. I followed the server's recommendation of the beef Pho. Responding to her attempt to up-sell me from the basic bowl, I told her I did not like meatballs. I ended my order with veggie spring rolls.My food came out quickly. It also came out wrong: veggie eggs rolls and beef Pho with meatballs. The busser appeared quickly and asked me if everything was okay. I told her about the mistakes, she apologized, but did not reappear, nor did my server. I figured they were busy and I didn't want to make a fuss. This would not have been a problem. But, the eggs rolls were mushy and lacked flavor. Even this could have been saved by the Pho. I took out the meatballs and the Pho did taste good. It was definitely homemade, but the noodles were overcooked and broke apart on my chopsticks. There was also a grit at the bottom of my bowl. I don't doubt that the food is good. But, it seemed like they fell asleep on me. It was rather disappointing after the recommendation that brought me there.
4	Yummy calamari!  Not traditional Thai but our favorite Thai dishes: pad Thai and Thai basil were very good.  Great atmosphere.
5	Have eaten here four times and each time we have come away raving about the food.  In love with the lettuce wraps and chai tea, but everything was great.  The service is quick, friendly and helpful!  I can't complain!  Will plan on making this the family favorite restaurant!
5	I have been wanting to try this restaurant for a while, I drive by all of the time.  We got a coupon in the mail so decided to give it a try.We started with the summer rolls with peanut sauce- they were fresh and tasty.There were many choices so it was hard to decide what to get but we decided to go with their house specialties.My husband, who likes things spicy, ordered the red curry chicken.  He loved it, plenty spicy and such a big serving he couldn't eat it all.I had the sliced beef Pho-  it was just delicious and is made by the owner's father in law.  It takes 10 hours to cook and has a hint of cinnamon.  The broth was amazing.The service was friendly and helpful and the food came out very quickly.  Can't wait to go back and try something different!
4	Just tried the Kung Pao Chicken lunch special. You really can't beat the deal for what you get. It comes with rice, spring roll, rangoon (very yummy) and egg drop soup, all for six bucks, including tax.  I ordered it to go and they brought me the soup to eat while I waited for my food; that makes for good service. The ingredients were fresh, though they should have cooked the veggies a little longer.  The Kung Pao chicken wasn't anything special. I would have liked it to be spicy, but it was still good.  I will go back because I want to try their Pho.
3	I did not particularly enjoy my meal here, but on the other hand, it was not bad.  Hence the three stars.  The food was OK and average at best.  The minced chicken lettuce wraps were good.  The fried tofu with vegetables were good and plentiful.  The calamari with chilis were good too.  All the food was seasoned alright but could have been a little more spicy.  But for the average American palate, I guess it was seasoned OK.  We also ordered an order of chicken satay which was a huge disappointment....don't ever order this dish here.  It was three skewers of chicken meat fried in a frying pan with no flavoring; and they do not have Thai peanut sauce to accompany it, although the menu says it does.  What a disappointment.The place also was very cold.  The inside temperature was about 68 degrees and they have no booths, only small tables.I don't think I will return for another meal, with so many other Asian restaurants with better food.
5	Best hot and sour soup in town. OMG.  You can't go wrong in this place.   Best customer service.
4	First place that I found in Gilbert that has Pho....Ordered takeout a couple times this month. The Pho is flavorful, with fresh ingredients. Spring rolls were also tasty and also made fresh. The owners were very accommodating and friendly. I haven't had the opportunity to try anything else yet, but would like to. Worth going back!
4	Amazing redesign. Very nice interior. Excellent attentive service. Good variety of delicious Asian dishes to choose from.
4	Hubby and I just ate here and enjoyed the food and service. Won ton noodle soup, pad thai, and green curry chicken were delicious. Would like to come back and try the Pho. Service was excellent. Will definitely be back!
5	Simi's Cafe was a wonderful experience; we went there for the lunch special and pho.  Both were exceptionally delicious.  The pho was well-prepared and was a large portion.  The lunch special kung pao chicken was a great portion and the sauce was on par.  The chicken chow mein was also very tasty.  For the $4.99 that you pay for the egg roll, crab rangoon, soup, and entree, you get your money's worth and every ounce is delectable.  Above all else was the service: from the moment we walked in to our departure, we felt well taken care of by our hosts. I will definitely be revisiting Simi's Cafe for the service that would remind you of going to a close friend's house and for the delicious food that I can't get enough of.
5	Great food and excellent friendly service. The pho was delicious as was the yellow curry and orange chicken.
4	Amazing service in this place as it is owner operated.  I also loved their spring rolls which I could make a meal out of alone.  Their Pho Ga was a little on the bland side I found sadly otherwise I would be there all the time.  The rest of the food we had was very good and very fresh.  This place cares about their food and their customers.
5	I came here with my family to enjoy a vegetarian dinner. Their asian/cantonese dishes are excellent. Good vegetarian/vegan selection.We ordered the - eggplant in kungpao sauce - absolutely delicious!- curry vegetables - light and flavorful- crispy tofu - the best that I've had in a long time! Its crispy on the outside and hot soft tofu on the inside paired with a flavorful dipping sauce.- vegetarian fried rice - very good- veggie spring roll - good- Tofu lettuce wrap - excellentThe food was very well prepared and served. Both the food and service was exceptional. The wait staff was courteous, inviting, and friendly. This is definitely my kitchen away from home and I will come back and visit often even though its a bit far.The restaurant interior is clean and the decor is modern, tasteful and elegant. The booths are very comfortable and luxurious.Overall a great dining experience and the prices are just right.
5	Did not realize they close at 8 midweek, walked in at 7:45 hoping to get takeout. They insisted we sit and relax and take our time. My husband wasn't feeling well, so she insisted on tea for him and was very kind. We both had the beef pho, which was delicious. A little salty, but quickly remedied with some sriracha and fresh lime.The restaurant is clean and inviting, the staff was gracious and attentive, and the food was delicious. Can't wait to go back.
4	Nice blend of Asian Cuisines, 5 star service, in a comfortable setting. This was our first time at this restaurant and it was a pleasant evening. The food arrived at the table quickly, almost to fast to allow us to savor the Tom Yum Soup which arrived before the rest of the dinner. We asked that the soup be on the mild side and it was good we did. It was hot, but not to hot, so it is just a guess that if you order it hot you may be sweating before you finish. Tom Yum Soup is a favorite of mine here it was full of shrimp, squid, fish, and all. It was especially good when I hit the scallop in my bowl, it had so much flavor, I wondered if it had been grilled before entering the soup. The appetizers of Crab Puffs, and Pot Stickers came with the main courses of Beef Fried Rice & Chicken Chow Mein. The Pot Stickers were out standing, plump and yummy with a very nice sauce. The course sizes were pretty normal maybe on the smallish size for typical Chinese servings, the three of us had our fill and there were some boxes of left overs... If you are looking for a good meal at very reasonable prices this place will fill the bill. The selection of Thai, Chinese, and Vietnamese allows you to sample things you might not be familiar with in a meal that includes things you know you like. Next trip it will be the Beef Pho Soup that the waitress says is there specialty.  Personally I would have wanted the food to come at a more relaxed pace, sometimes it takes a few trips to a good restaurant to figure it all out. Remember to show your check in, we were talking to the waitress towards the end of our meal as to how we found them, we yelped them!.... And the check in button presented us with a online coupon so, some complementary spring rolls that were added to the take home boxes! They were very nice about it.
3	My daughter and I decided on Chinese the other night so I checked yelp for something new and in the area. Simi's Cafe came up and had good reviews so we decided to give it a try. The restaurant itself is clean, nicely decorated in a sort of modern IKEA sort of feel. I think the building used to be a different restaurant that had sort of a run down feel. This is much nicer. The staff was VERY friendly, especially our server. It was a Saturday night but only two other tables so she had plenty of time to welcome us and take our order. We decided to keep it simple. Simi's offers a variety of Chinese, Thai, and Vietnamese dishes which is good. We used the Yelp coupon for the free appetizer and ordered orange chicken (my daughter is an expert) and pad Thai. Food came quickly. The veggie egg rolls were a disappointment. Free I know, but they were straight from Costco. The Orange Chicken was different. Paper thin slices, crispy,with sauce drizzled over them. My daughter immediately wondered if we had gotten the right food. The taste was good, but I really had to wonder if there was more breaking than chicken. The Pad Thai was good, slightly different sauce made with tamarind, and a touch of basil tossed in. Nice touch. Overall the food was good, better than average. Even though it wasn't busy, our server seemed overly distracted by taking phone orders, sitting with  family of customers, and ringing up take out orders.  Very pleasant place, just maybe hit it on an off night. Have to try it again.
5	Food is always fresh! Great customer service, and clean!
5	Simi's is a family owned restaurant that's fairly new to Gilbert and has that heart warming welcome from the owners when you walk in. First impression you can tell right away that they genuinely care about their customers and appreciate the business as well. The restaurant has a modern high end look to it but doesn't hurt the wallet at all. When it comes to Simi's dishes they don't disappoint. They deliver generous portions of quality food at very reasonable prices. The one item on the menu that stood out for me was the sweet and sour soup. It was perfect! Thank you Simi's for a very enjoyable and pleasant dining experience. My wife and I look forward to coming in again soon!
5	Services is excellent & very friendly. Had the Summer rolls & Pho soup & will definitely be coming back Pho-sure;) very tasty!
4	While "home" for the holidays I was really craving pho. I grabbed my daughter to set out and find some. Armed with our iPhones and Yelp app we found Simi's Cafe. I've only ever had pho at 1 other restaurant so I don't have a ton to compare it to, but it was great. The ingredients were fresh and the price was perfect. My daughter ordered the orange peel chicken and said that it was the best she has ever had. It was only $4.99 on the lunch special menu. The staff was friendly and attentive. When I'm home, I'll be going back to try more dishes. Loved it!
5	Thai iced tea is great!!!!Spring rolls are also goodLove the fresh orange chicken very crispy not soggy like others And the seafood noodle soup is great cause they put a lot of seafood there not shy :-) would recommend this
5	Om nom nom... So good. If you're a fan of pho, these guys do it traditional style. No msg in the broth,  just a quality family recipe using good ingredients cooked for over 8 hours. Don't believe me,  try the broth BEFORE you put sriracha and hoisin in it. If that doesn't convince you,  just take note how you feel after drinking it.  Normally I get super dehydrated from the sodium and have to pound a bunch of water, not here.  Can't wait to sample the rest of their menu. I'll update my review when I get a chance to go back.  Oh btw, Alan who is father/chef wants to show us what GOOD Asian food is like... Not this panda crud (my words,  not his) or buffet slop.
5	Had summer rolls and pho and they were both delicious. The owner was very kind and welcoming.
5	The food is amazingly delicious and authentic.  Great family owned and run restaurant. If you know what authentic Asian food is then you won't be disappointed.  I have read the reviews on here after dining there for the second time and just can't believe how some people looking for panda express orange chicken feel they can write a poor review of the food at Simi's Cafe.  I will absolutely be a long time customer and look forward to trying everything on the menu.  The Hong Kong Won Ton Soup, Orange Chicken, Yellow Thai Curry and Pho are all AMAZING!!!  I am so happy to have found this place.  Highly recommend this place, don't let the outside fool you, go on in and enjoy everything Simi's Cafe has to offer.
5	Tried Simi's last night for the first time, and really enjoyed it. The Pho was delicious. The Tom Yum soup was spicy and tasty, with a nice presentation. The staff, friendly and helpful. The price, right. Try it, you'll like it. Why go to a chain restaurant when you can enjoy a family-owned restaurant and their family recipes?
4	I love this place. It's clean, looks cool, and you can't get much better than 4.99 for crab puff, veggie spring roll, soup and your meal. They also have boba drinks and Thai tea, which we love. It doesn't look like much on the outside (ghetto strip mall) but it really is awesome. The orange chicken is really crispy, so be ready for something a little different than you're used to with OC. The veggie spring rolls are delcious, but the Egg drop soup was eh. I will be coming here a lot in the future for lunch. Yum!
5	What a great surprise!! The food was delicious (some of the best dumplings I've had!!) and the staff was very friendly and make you feel welcome! Will be back for sure!!
5	AMAZING! This is the real Asian food :) absolutely delicious in my opinion.  Great family owned and run restaurant.  The orange chicken is like nothing else around,  sauce is so flavorful and made from real ingredients.  Pho is awesome,  Hong Kong won ton soup is a must try as well.
5	I love this place, the service is the best and Vietnamese food is spot on. I stopped in one night late to try there pho a there Vietnamese iced coffee, It was perfect the very nice lady gave us the best service and was very friendly. Needles to say we are now regulars and have gone back every time it's the same best service with awesome food.
5	Stopped in here after having a craving for Chinese and searching Yelp for something good in the area. I was by myself and was just ordering takeout, but the waitress was very friendly and attentive. She gave good recommendations and was very pleasant. My order was prepared fairly quickly and I took it home and not only was it excellent, but it was enough to easily feed two people. I should have stopped eating halfway through and saved the rest for another day, but it was too good so I finished it up. I'd definitely recommend trying this place out. It's nice to find a quality Chinese takeout place, so let's keep this one in business.
5	First time trying it and it didn't disappoint.  We opted for take out so no dine in review, but the food was really good.  We'll be back.
5	Never had a bad meal here. The absolute best dish that I've had here is the eggplant with pork, be warned its a little spicy but oh so good. I've had the beef pho many times here and it's very good, the broth is homemade and fresh.  It's a family run business and all the owners are very nice. I've always had excellent service here so I can't complain about much
4	Great service, friendly staff. Clean facilities with pleasant atmosphere. Outstanding Pho, excellent yellow curry, fresh veggies served hot. Definitely plan to return and recommend to others.
5	This is an update from my review on 12/23/13. Since then I have had their food many times. Their food is consistently well prepared, fresh ingredients and is quite delicious. Very friendly service with staff who remember you. Priced very reasonable. In a city of chain restaurants, it's so refreshing to go to this one. Try it!!
5	This is a great find! The owner seems to know just about everyone who comes in the door and the service is excellent. The restaurant is very clean! I came for the pho and was not disappointed, yummy broth.
4	Great orange chicken, soups, and summer rolls. The curry and pad Thai is...not what I'm used to, but not bad as long as you expect something new. However, the service could not be better. Oh, and try the boba!
5	Very friendly and attentive service. I really dig the modern decor!The pho tai is nothing in comparison to Southern Cali's 626 area but it comes close.  Good flavor. $6.00Also got one of lunch specials which is orange chicken, brown rice, egg roll, and a fried cream cheese wanton. Mmm I gotta say man, I really liked their chicken. I'm so use to fast food orange chicken where the meat is covered in a bulky batter and then fried and sauced. This place'a orange chicken is crispy without a batter and covered in sauce. $5.50 lunch special.Restaurant offers Vietnamese food, Thai, and Chinese. I'll come back when I visit to try other things :)
5	I brought our whole family here to experience Thai cuisine.  We were warmly greeted by Diane in a very comfortable seating area. She helped us find options for our gluten free needs. Diane went above and beyond when our son did not favor his first dish and she generously sent us home with summer rolls free of charge. Why you need to visit: The service is impeccable and attentive with dishes of flavorful medleys.
4	Service is alway fantastic. Owner/server really remembers everyone great neighbor hood joint.  Love their beef pho , pho tai now they use really tender and juicy beef, deify higher quality than most regular pho joint ( this place does not specialize in pho)  never really tried their Chinese/Thai stuff but crab puff was great.     I'm just glad I can get my hands on pho in Gilbert area :).  But like I said , they do not specialize in pho or Vietnamese so don't expect full viet menu but their beef pho is great.
5	this was my first time here and the food was so good. my friend and I ordered hot n sour soup, fried tofu, beef fried rice, pork chow fun, and Vietnamese coffee. Yum!! All of them tasted so good. The lady recommended beef noodle soup that I will definitely try it next time.
5	I love this place.  They take great care in presenting their food.  My only complaint is that they are not open 24/7... Try their soups... Yummy!
5	Came here for lunch time was sat quickly, the service was awesome. Honestly some of the nicest and best service I have ever gotten at a restaurant. We came here for the pho tai which was wonderful. Definitely gonna come back to try some of the other food on the menu. Plus 4.99$ lunch special is really cheap.
5	I've driven by this place before with not much thought as it looks "eh" from outside.Someone mentioned I needed to try an sian soup so I looked up the name.Pho was what I decided she mentioned and reviews for simis was there. Not far from the house so I went.According the reviews I got soup and orange chicken but I wanted to try something new.Also got green curry, yellow curry, and pork fried rice.YELLOW curry was awesome!Sweet, spicy...hit the spot.Orange chicken was good. Not like processed, definitely made fresh.Pork fried was was good. Not over the top special but will be great as a reheated leftover lunch.I'm a service snob so was judgy judge lady from the start.I went in and took a seat close to door just in case.Greeted quickly by a busy server. When she had an extra second to tend to me only she gave me her full attention. She helped me make some decisions and I was satisfied.I had a great view of kitchen and restaurant. Everyone was working efficiently, place was clean. Great so far.My food was brought to me, wrapped very well ( I was pretty impressed at how well and sturdy,)Once server Diane heard my name she used it to check on me often, did I want water? More water? Etc.As others walked in she would refer to them by name...ImpressiveI will be going back soon. This time I will eat there to get full effet of Pho soup...and I will definitely get the yellow curry again...it was the best.
5	Pho get about it your other Asian spot. Do not be fooled by the outside (landlord needs to update) as for Simis does a fine job inside from decor to taste. Great service and very helpful. Clean family owned and operated of course. So good!
5	Absolutely delicious and the service is AMAZING! Love this little gem!
5	Very good food & such a sweet, attentive server. Def recommend the Thai Tea, banana smoothie, Orange Chicken & Basil Chicken !
5	Wow. Work in the area and decided to stop in for a weekday lunch. Service was great. Food was beyond wow. Best orange chicken I have ever had. Pho is decent as well. Will definately return.
5	OMG this place is da bomb - the food was amazing - very flavorful and fresh and the prices are great - I have dietary issues and they were very helpful (making my black pepper chicken with gluten free garlic sauce instead of the regular sauce) the owner/ chef came out to the dinning room as we finished our meal and we had a chance to talk to him for a bit - he even explained how he makes one of his sauces to my daughter who is in culinary school and encouraged her to keep on cooking. The waitress was very sweet and helpful - including getting gloves and showing my daughter how to properly properly wrap the spring rolls in lettuce and mint for maximum flavor. All in all we were very pleased with both the food quality and the service. We arrived rather late only a half hour before close and at no time did we feel like they were rushing us out the door so that they could close up.
5	Wonderful place. We moved from Hawaii and really miss Vietnamese cuisine. Summer rolls were just like those we got back in Hawaii. The pho and the bun were just as good or better than what we are used to. Will make this a monthly lunch go to place.
5	Very friendly and just a great environment to enjoy food and company of others. I really liked that it was beautiful inside and also very reasonable pricing. Would come back again!
3	Was there last niight, I do love the food however it is hit and miss, I ordered for a large party one night one of my dishes was minus any chicken but  after home who wants to go back out. Oh well , they are somewhat close, and inexpensive.
4	Found this place through yelp and glad I'm did. Food isn't quite authentic Thai, Vietnamese, or Chinese but still surpassed my cravings and expectations.  Food was good and reasonably priced. Only missed a 5th star because no desserts! (Well they have boba which I didn't try and no regular desserts).Service was phenomenal. I went at 6pm, place was full, only 1 server and 2 helpers.  I didn't have to ask for anything and they still took the time to check if I did need anything.I agree with many of the other recent reviews.  Nice and clean decor was a pleasant surprise from the looks outside.
5	Can't believe we have been going here for a year now. We used to go twice sometimes three times a week, but we moved to QC but still manage to go there once a week. We always order the Pho. Even in the summer time, it's always my favorite thing to get. Also the chicken pot stickers are delish. They don't taste like your typical gyoza or dumplings. Very crispy and tasty. Their orange chicken is also another favorite. They don't over batter the chicken like they do at panda. They make it so it's just crispy and made with all white chicken.  Diane and her husband do such a great job running the place.  You can tell they love their customers because they remember their regulars by name. :)
3	Super friendly staff, which is rare for an Asian restaurant.  Had the pad thai, not authentic at all, strong fish sauce smell.  Portion is on the smaller side.  Will be back to try their lunch special at $4.99, wonder how much smaller the portion will be at that price, may need to order 2.
5	Excellent.Sweet and Sour chicken was fantastic.Pad Thai very good.Roast pork fried rice was outstanding.Very, very friendly staff and great service.Don't let the outside fool you!It is worth a try.
5	Amazing chicken fried rice!  The staff is wonderful!  Best Pho in the area, tons of flavor! HIGHLY recommended!
5	Like the other review said, this place looks like nothing special from the outside, but inside it is very beautiful & clean.  The staff was extremely nice.  Several other patrons were there that you could tell were regulars because the waiters were talking like they were old friends.  The food was delicious.  The portions were generous. The prices were reasonable. 5 stars for Simi's Cafe
5	Really good for vegetarians!The service is good and the food is great! Love this place! It's the best for Chinese Thursdays!
4	It's hard to find good Asian food in this part of the country...so I didn't really have high hopes for this place. It was right next to my next work appointment which made it convenient enough. I got in there around 1 -2pm for a late lunch. Food: They were out of Pho =(I ordered what I typically order to test the skill of the chef. I ordered a Chow Fun.Chicken Chow Fun - It wasn't too greasy, didn't clump, and had a good balance of flavor. I approve. Not the best but definitely not bad. Service: Friendly staff. Owners work hands on as well. They seem to know half the customers walking in. Environment: Very pseudo Asian design in here...like the stuff you see on TV. I actually felt like I was sitting in an Asian porn set. Not that I know what an Asian porn set looks like....but...ok...nevermind...Price: Well priced for the type of food. Honestly if they raised their prices...people would still come because there is not much else nearby. Food: 4Service: 4Environment: 2Price: 4
5	The food here is amazing. The service is great. The staff of the family owned restaurant knows everyone by name. They have a lot of different choices and the the food is a good mix of Chinese, Vietnamese, and Thai influence. They don't over Americanize their dishes. My personal favorites are the Won Ton Noodle Soup, the black pepper chicken, and the green curry.
5	The food at Simi's is fantastic!  I have not had something that was not great!  I love this place and the staff is so so friendly.  You must check this place out and try the PHO!  Oh and everything else!  Once you go you will probably become a regular!
5	Our service was great! Our waitress was so informative and kind and very attentive. We had their pho and it tasted wonderful, my only concern was that there was hardly any meat in it. I wished there was more. The price was right and atmosphere was great.
5	Wow! What a great place. If only for the super friendly service it is worth it. However, we had spring and summer rolls, pho tai bo vien, Kung pao chicken and a veg stirfry. All were very good. I can't say enough about the service. Fast extremely friendly and not in the least bit over bearing.
5	Wonderful service and always a good experience! I have gone here many times and will continue to go as much as I can. The staff is great and wonderful to talk to. Making the already amazing food even better.
5	The service takes the cake. Food has been fresh and delicious both times I've eaten here; I have had the pad thai and orange chicken. The Thai tea is sweet and rich - very tasty. I checked-in on Yelp and received a free order of spring rolls. And the owner gave me little cup of soup to enjoy while I waited for my lunch (lunch special is $3.99 btw). It's these little details that make this restaurant worthy of every star!!
5	Best Vietnamese food in town everyone should go!!! Also the owner is very nice. And the service is awesome!
5	Being from the San Francisco Bay area I'm pretty picky on Asian cuisine. I was pretty impressed first with the cleanliness of place, and how nice and attentive the staff were. Now to the food, and I have to say it was very good. We started the meal with some pot stickers followed with beef chow fun for me my girlfriend had the garlic chicken. the portions are enough to share and to enjoy the day after. We look forward to our next visit.
5	We've visited this restaurant about 4 times and every time it has been great.  The owner is such a nice, friendly and warm hearted person.  It's always nice to see her.  Our favorite dish is the Pho, my wife graves it from time to time.  We've tried the Pho at several restaurants but always compare it to this place.  If you enjoy Pho, I would recommend that you eat it here.
5	This place not only has a great menu, great pho but it also has the best customer service I've ever experienced. They are extremely nice and want you to be satisfied. I absolutely love this place and will continue going back as often as possible
5	Ordered the beef pho soup and asked for extra noodles. Customer service was really good, greeted by a nice lady. Ordered a takeout and the food was ready immediately. Ate it at home and was really happy with how everything turned out. Will be coming back again.
5	Very friendly service and great speed for a lunch date.  Tried the beef pho and my friend got the orange chicken.  So yummy and with the $5 lunch specials and free egg rolls for a yelp checkin, awesome.
5	Love this place! Great customer service. Low price. Orange chicken and pho were delicious! Will defiantly visit again when in town! The owners are super friendly and helpful with the menu!
4	Ok first time here and the over all experience was very good. First off I was greeted by a very pleasant and courteous woman who seemed very friendly. I came here specifically for Vietnamese cuisine. I ordered cha gio and pho dac biet. Cha gio was good but the nuoc mam (dipping sauce) was too fish saucy just needed a bit more sugar and vinegar or lime juice. The pho dac biet was good. My only complaint is that it had to much clove. But these are just my opinions and preferences. Give this place a try! I can not say enough about the friendly service. It is a very inviting place and should be given a chance by anyone who loves Asian cuisine.
4	Would recommend this place. Although I only tried their veggie egg rolls and beef pho noodle soup. But the soup was great and servers are nice. Although they did accidentally put cilantro into my soup after I requested no cilantro. But everything is great!
5	I can't say enough good things about this restaurant. First, it's family owned and you can tell. A lovely husband and wife run the restaurant and his father cooks homemade Pho all day. The service is incredible. I go here for meetings and we usually spend 2 hours at least (today almost 4!!!) and not only do they welcome us, but they chat with us, give us free appetizers, refill our drinks all the time and suggest wonderful food for us. I've had the Beef Pho, Shrimp Fried Rice, Pad Thai, Chicken Chow Mein, and the Mongolian Beef and EVERYTHING was terrific. I'm so glad I stumbled up this wonderful little restaurant. I want it to stay my secret place, but it's too good not to share and I wish a thriving future for the owners. Go here, you will not regret it!
5	My new favorite lunch spot! This place is so delicious and the staff here is great. My favorite dish is the orange chicken lunch special. The beef pho is also amazing!This is a must try!
4	The food was delicious, of coarse my boyfriends plate tastes better but both were really good. Large portions, the iced coffee could have been sweeter but it was still good. I wanted to try the smoothie bar but I was too full. . .maybe next time.
5	I think it's Simi herself who knows everyone.  As someone who constantly works and trains others I always want to give them the example of the customer service you always get here.  They are so personal and never pushy.  Even if you get a to-go order that's not ready yet they insist to give you water because it's hot out.  Food is great!  Pho is one of the best and if not THE best in the East Valley.
5	This place is amazing, the food is so good and the customer service here is wonderful, they actually care about you and things in your life. Coming here again for sure!!
5	Came here for the first time w/my family Bcus it's nearby and we wanted to try it out Bcus of all the great reviews n tips. I think we just found a awesome new spot. Food came out really fast. Service was amazing .I recommend this place to everyone
5	Still haven't had a bad meal... And I just had dinner with my little sister a few nights ago
4	Ordered takeout from Simi's tonight for dinner after receiving recommendation from a friend. We ordered the yellow curry, orange chicken, and an order of pork spring rolls, and summer rolls. All of it was fantastic!! Will definitely be ordering takeout from Simi's cafe again.
5	Great local business! The owners/workers are very friendly and personable.  You can tell they take pride in their business.  I had the traditional pho and my friend ordered vegetarian pho..we were both pleased with our meals.  Looks like a found my local pho place in the East Valley.
4	Today was my first time trying the chicken pho at Simi's. I found it really good. The noodles were firm, the broth had a good flavor and the flavors all seemed fresh. I really liked the chili paste as it came in a bowl and tasted better than the stuff some places have in squirt bottles. The chicken was kind of odd. Not bad odd - but it had a slippery boiled texture. The pork spring rolls were also very tasty. Service was great and friendly and the dining room was clean. I would still rate Unphogettable a little higher, but they have two different tastes and both are very good.
4	Place is super clean , everyone is super friendly I love the pho there. The lunch specials are good my husband thinks portions are a little small but good is great!
5	We found this place on yelp. It is a great place! Comfortable seating with very attentive and polite service. This coupled with the delicious and authentic food made the experience delightful. I highly recommend this place! And they have pebble ice which makes the best Thai tea.
5	I drive past this place almost everyday, looked it up on YELP & read the fantastic reviews & just had to try it.  Went there for lunch on Saturday &  was so impressed.  I have searched for a great Asian restaurant close to home & finally have found it! The Crab Puffs (8 per order) are so light & crispy, we could have just had those & been happy.  We ordered the Orange Chicken, a family favorite & declared it the best we've ever had!  I wanted to eat light, so I ordered a bowl of Hot & Sour soup, always my go to favorite......this was so amazing, they serve it in a HUGE tureen & I ate 3 bowls full. All of the staff was so friendly, they refilled drinks, stopped by to visit & share food stories.  Did I mention the whole interior was spotless?  We are definitely returning soon & now that I know they have Vietnamese coffee I will be a regular visitor.
2	My wife and I decided to come here for lunch.  Big mistake.  It appears there is one person who takes orders, busses, and cooks.  Took a while to get our menus.  I ordered the seafood Tom yum soup and my wife ordered the vegetable lo mein.  I also ordered a side of spring rolls.  I may be wrong but I thought spring rolls were not deep fried. These were deep fried and greasy.  My wife's lo mein tasted like top ramen.  My $11.00 bowl of soup had a smidgen of seafood.  Not worth the price.  So sad.  But another one off my list.
1	ate here a few times.  first two times good.  This time was not good.  Service was slow.  First dish was a seafood pad thai.  It was mostly noddles, with very little seafood.  The second dish, which came 20 minutes later was seafood pain fried noodles.  The noodles were burnt.  Again, there was very little in the way of actual seafood and mostly noodles.  The mushrooms were also almost raw.
5	The Pho Dec Biet was good and I will be back. I was introduced to Vietnamese food by a native Vietnamese. We went out to lunch for years and tried different places. He would compare my taste with his and my review was always dead on with his.  The summer roll (shrimp and pork) was properly made with mint not lettuce like some other places. And the pork in it was particularly tasty.Will be back to try a seafood dish next time.Place was clean, service was great, and I especially liked the lemonade as well.
4	This place gets 4 stars because of service and convenience of online ordering.  The pho was acceptable and the lunch specials are decent sized with good prices. I didn't give it a full 5 stars only because they don't serve Siracha sauce with their pho which is a MUST (they give the seeded chili sauce instead, which takes away from the authenticity of pho).  I would definitely still come here for my pho fix because they're right down the street and I have my own bottle of Siracha :)
5	This place is walking distance from my home and work which rocks! Diane gave us amazing service tonight, the food is incredible, atmosphere is wonderful, had a great time and will return for sure!!
5	Just got home from having an amazing dinner. The Pho was very delicious, and service was very attentive. I will definitely be going back there again.
5	The food is amazing and the service is fantastic! Super friendly staff with great recommendations. We ordered the chicken chow fun, salt and pepper beef, and orange chicken and followed our waitress's advice on adding some extra spice to it. The food was delicious! The best I've had in AZ. Will definitely be back.
4	Awesome service and good food. I ordered Pho with beef and meatballs, next time I will not get the combination and just beef but the soup overall was great I just didn't like the meatballs.  The staff is very nice and personable as is the atmosphere. When on this side of the city I will definitely be eating here again.
5	I ate here tonight for the first time. It will not be the last. Honestly, it might not be the last time this week! Food: I ordered the orange peel chicken. If you are looking for the fake orange colored, generic orange sauce, this isn't for you. The sauce was delicious, the chicken was beyond plentiful. They will bring you more rice if you need it. I also had an order of their summer rolls, which were super fresh and large in size. I will definitely order them again. Service: Exceptional. The waitress was fast on her feet, kept refills of drinks coming, and even gave me a to-go cup of tea without me even asking. She knew many of the other patrons there, and appeared genuinely interested in how they had been doing since they were last in. I love that. She also asked if it was my first time in (yes). She asked if I was concerned that there weren't very many people there when I came in, if that worried me. I answered that it might, in some instances, but would always give a place a chance. I explained that it was late in the evening, on a Monday, and clearly they had a solid, loyal clientele. They also had a steady amount if take out orders being picked up throughout my stay. I liked that she was interested enough to ask me that question. It was delicious. It was plentiful in quantity. It was the right price. I am a happy lady and will be back.
5	Yes outside does look like a run down restaurant. I live by the place and avoided this place for awhile. Then I saw the reviews and decided to try it out. That was 6 months ago and my family and I eat here all the time or take it Togo. The interior completely contrasts the outside and is very clean and modern. It's actually intimate to take a date out here. It's not too busy so there shouldn't be a wait. The service is awesome. They always insist on providing you water if you are waiting for your food. They also make fresh lemonade which they offer themselves as well. What's awesome is that the owner tries her best to always remember your name. Honestly I've worked in the food service industry before but any industry needs to take note of the customer service here. The food is awesome as well. We used to drive 20 minutes for pho but this one tastes even better. Oh by the way the people who are cooking in the back are actually Chinese! So you know that this is a family-run restaurant but doesn't want to take shortcuts.  If you love Chinese then you'll love Simi's
5	This is officially my favorite place to eat, my bf and I go every Saturday!Orange chicken. Hong Kong soup. Eggplant pork. Try anything- it is all good! The owners are amazing, Diane (hopefully I spelled her name right! D:) always makes us feel right at home and normally grabs my bf his coke before we even have to ask! Besides the staff (who we love dearly!) the food is incredible. I only give five stars to restaurants where I can close my eyes and pick something random off the menu. Everything I have had at Simi's has been perfect!
5	Great food and great service!  The orange chicken and beef pho are my favorites. I try to get in at least once a week. Love it!
5	It all started with a search for pho in the east valley...which led me to Simi's Cafe and the fantastic reviews it has earned.I must say, the stars are a great indicator of how fantastic this place is! A friend of mine and I went in for dinner on Wednesday and WOW. The place is so cozy and trendy inside. I love the red velvet touches! The sweet lady who waited on us was so helpful in answering questions about the menu and checked on us regularly and made us feel right at home.Now...to the food...so so good. I had vegetable fried rice with crispy tofu which was  so packed full of veggies, snap peas, carrots, mushrooms and broccoli to name a few. The flavor was incredible and our server recommended adding some hot sauce to it in the future, which I WILL be doing.My friend had the green curry chicken, which I stole a few bites of...and wow, the perfect combination of spicy and sweet with just a hint of lemongrass.Very great experience and we will back back!
5	I've been searching for a good Pho place since moving from California & this place is it.Food isn't salty, it's tastes fresh, & their Vietnamese coffee is on point. Beef combination is usually my go to & this doesn't disappoint. & what really makes this different from California is their staff is actually friendly! Their customer service is top notch. The ladies made sure our waters were never low, checked in to make sure our food was good, & even made recommendations based on what they observed about us. This is a new regular spot.
5	I'm a regular patron of this local establishment. The owners are very accommodating to our usual large group. Diane is so sweet and will take care of you like family. They will customize the food if needed too and enjoy making suggestions of what to try. Every entree is made fresh!
5	Really good pho at a price you can't beat.  Delicious fresh potstickers to accompany.  Great local spot to check out. I'll be back!!!
5	Best orange chicken around. Can't beat the atmosphere, quality, or price! I just did a large catering order tonight and impressed everyone!
5	About to order it now. My wife gets the pho. I get the vermicelli noodles with pork and egg rolls. And an egg drop soup (egg flower soup). We also like the summer rolls and chicken lettuce wraps. The food is served fresh with excellent service and nice people. We typically get takeout but it is a nice place to eat in as well. I hope for many years of success for them as they are a terrific local establishment with excellent Chinese cuisine!
4	Legit.  Hong Kong noodles with dumplings are winner.
5	I started going to Simi's just a couple of months ago, but I've already taken several  people there for lunch who are also sold on this place. Diane is all about giving great service and assuring that you enjoy your meal. And the food is very good and very fresh. She remembers me by name and my order every time and makes me feel at home. Highly recommended!
5	The absolute best orange chicken we've ever had. Love the crabpuffs, spring rolls and popping lychee Boba too! The staff are super friendly and always remember you. I have absolutely nothing bad to say, except that I wish they were closer to home. My husband drives out from Chandler regularly to pick up some orange chicken for us and we'll bring the family for lunch when we're out this way!
1	Worst pho I have ever had!  The waitress was soooo nice though.  She offered me another kind, but it was bland too.  I love pho and I have it all over the valley.  My husband and I came here to try it due to all the reviews, but honestly we hated it.  We ended up leaving and going somewhere else for good pho.  The pho here was tasteless, T)the broth had no flavor or aroma.  It was like hot water with noodles in it and two shrimp and one scallop.  My husband had the beef pho and I had the seafood pho.  His was just as bland.  The waitress then brought me a bowl of egg flower soup to try and it was the same way.  Even the summer rolls were a disapointment.  They didnt even come with peanut sauce but hoisin sauce instead and they tasted bland too.  I cant say enough about how kind the waitress though.  She was very understanding and apologetic.
5	Family own restaurant, with a friendly atmosphere, amazing food that you can't ever go wrong choosing. Great for having lunch by yourself or in a large group. Friendly and  warm welcoming people. A must try in my book!!
4	First time customer, found the female taking my order over the phone to be very pleasant and helpful. Ordered the pho, cashew chicken & veg fried rice. Taking the suggestion of the female, I ordered the standard pho, she advised if I liked it, come back and try the other types, that will definitely happen. The cashew chicken was good with a lot of flavor, the veg fried rice was ok, just needed a little umph is all.Overall a very good experience and I will for sure return, staff was very nice and helpful on a simple take out order, so I look forward to having a sit down dinner there.
5	We've been to Simi's a few times and will definitely return.  Their summer rolls are very good.  The owners are awesome and the food is fresh.  Check it out!
5	The orange chicken, curry, and twice cooked pork are SOO amazing! I don't know about anything else since those are what we always order, haha! Great food though! Awesome customer service!
5	Best veggie fresh rolls..
5	We moved into the Gilbert area recently and found this place through Yelp.... and completely glad we did! I've had Pho at almost every restaurant in the Tempe/Chandler area and this place belongs at the top of the list. The portions are great and the price is right. The Orange Chicken here is, in my opinion, the best in the valley (crispy, not over-breaded chicken pieces with an amazing orange sauce). If you took the time to read the reviews, obviously the best part about this place (aside from the food) is the customer service. Hands down, best customer service I've experienced in all of Phoenix.
5	Simi serves excellent fresh food at a fair price. The yellow curry was fantastic. You will not be disappointed wit simi.
