4	I was privileged to be the first ever customer at the Grand Opening of this beautiful new restaurant this morning!  It's a lot the same as their location across town at 75th Av. & McDowell, & part of a chain of 11 Lin's Grand Buffets from Texas over to here, with more coming.  (Yuma is next, due to open around the end of this year.)I counted up 114 food choices, plus sauces & dressings, & then started with some delicious Hot & Sour Soup, followed by various fruits & salads, including a shrimp salad with BIG shrimp!  Then it was on to the REAL (round) Mongolian Grill, & then on over to the rest of the hot dishes.Everything was cooked properly & served at the right temperature... a feat, I think, for their very first hour in business!  The service was excellent too, & in fact, EVERYTHING went just great right from the start!Some more of my favorite dishes today were both the flame broiled beef ribs & the BBQ style pork ribs, the (slightly) Hot Buffalo Wings, & their great Mei Fun rice noodles.This big place took right off in popularity too, with a near capacity crowd of cheery diners on hand by the time I finished eating.  It's a winner!     :-))Lunch Buffet $7.99/Sr. $7.19
4	After a visit to the Audubon Center in South Phoenix (everyone should visit this nature center - it's a great educational experience; OK, enough of the plug) and following a hot tip from Rand H., my mentor in the fine art of buffet appreciation, I went to this newly-opened restaurant for a late lunch. It's an impressive buffet establishment - spanking new, very spacious, lots of seating, more than ample parking. There is a large array of dishes from the main self-serve area, plus a Mongolian grill & steak area as well as a sushi counter - though the array of sushi is a bit limited here. The dishes are typical of super buffets and are very well-prepared. There is a large staff very efficiently attending to the large crowd. The South Mountain community finally has a good buffet in the area - good for them! And good for me, as I'm frequently in area too!
3	Good food, huge buffet one of the biggest around but a little bland to appeal to everyone. There is also a Mongolian grill inside and sushi.   The sushi was not very good though go somewhere else if your a big sushi fan
4	4 1/2 if Available, nothing is perfect!  So first I am not a buffet fan and went with my brother in law and son after we did some go cart racing up on University.  Going in knowing you are going to a buffet and not a five star Chinese restaurant helps.  With that this is by far the best buffet (outside the real high end Las Vegas ones) I have ever been to.  The food is hot, tasty, plenty of choices and FRESH.  The price is also very reasonable (I think $13ish) for dinner. Lins has changed my opinion on the nasty Chinese Buffets that surround this town!  I will be back.
3	I went for a lunch buffet on a weekday. On par w/ Pacific buffet, but nothing incredibly special. I'll be back there for dinner.Nice and clean though
3	i went on tuesday to eat with my family for my birthday. the place is beautiful. the food was decent, however it wasnt special. they did have a ton of dishes available. there were a few glitches. empty trays, i waited for 5 minutes to get some lo mein. no noodles for the mongolian bbq. i waited for 10 minutes and they didnt replenish the noodles, so i moved on. the service was bad. the girl that was waiting on us never came to replenish the drinks, and we had empty plates on the table for over a half an hour. the manager made eye contact with me but never came over to offer assistance, or even an excuse. i will say that the manager was pitching in helping clear plates of empty tables. so after spending 55.00 i dont think i will go back. i will try another place.
3	I always enjoy a good Chinese buffet - there's usually a good selection of the kinds of food I like - namely meat. And there's plenty to go around here. Unfortunately, none of it was really that noteworthy.There's a huge selection, including sushi and a Mongolian grill, along with a dessert row. I focused on the basics - fried rice and lo mein, and various meats such as sweet and sour chicken, sesame chicken, kung pao chicken, general's chicken, teriyaki chicken, buffalo wings, pepper steak, and barbecue spareribs. None of it was bad, but there was really nothing special about any of it.It's a nice place, and it might be worth checking out a second time to try the Mongolian grill to see how it compares to places like YC's, but I'm not really in a hurry to go back. There are plenty of smaller Chinese buffets out there.
4	This is my first review, so as you can imagine, I really liked this place.  First off, it is cheap.  $11\Adult and $6\Kids (Over 4)Second, some of it was top notch.  I am a huge Spareribs fan, and if you catch them bringing a fresh set out, the ribs there will compete with any I have had anywhere else.Last but not least, is choice.  They have 3 rows of buffet and a cook to order section (It was okay but not the highlight).  My son is not a big foodie, so it is usually hard for us to go out anywhere but an Applebee's or equivilant and that gets boring.  This is not a straight chinese buffet.  They had nuggets, wings, onion rings and fries just to name a few options.  This means everyone in my family had something to eat and we all left happy.  And leaving happy is the most important thing when going out.
1	I went this for the first time with my wife for dinner since they had the GRAND OPENING sign out.  This has got to be the worst buffet ever!!! the sushi were very limited, I think the sushi guy was a beginner since the rice wasn't porportional.  The food were even worst.  I will never go back here again.  I thought this place would work for us since it's closer to our home but I will need to drive a little further to maybe crazy buffet or pacific seafood buffet.
1	Let me start off by saying I am not a fan of buffets.  However, we were excited to try this place when it opened.  We went on a Sunday night before 5pm.  When you walk in you must pay for your food right away.  Then you wait to be seated.    We waited over 20 minutes.  The restaurant is busy with a high turnover and the carpets were dirty with food scraps.The food is all sub par.  Not good at all.  For sushi I tried a roll with cream cheese and a sliver of green pepper.  Yuck!  I tried the chow mein noodles- Yuck!  Panda Express is about 100% better.  Tried the sweet sugar roll and it was stale- Yuck!  The cream cheese wanton had an old grease taste.- Yuck!In fact the only thing edible was the broccolli and the bananas in a red sauce.A total waste of $45 for our family to eat there.  My husband and I agreed to never go back.That being said my 12 year old son loved it.... go figure.
2	I usually like buffets because I'm a fat ass and I eat more than Rosie O'Donnell but this place did not tickle my fancy. The food was mediocre and it was a bit too crowded in there. With the combination of blasting A/C and screaming children, I didn't want to stay there long. I tried as much as I could aside from what was against the back wall because my lunch break was close to being over. The thing that bothered me the most was that they didn't bother to de-shell (if thats what it's called) the shrimp, it still had a full shell and all of it's little legs attached :/So I doubt I'll be coming back here again, though I won't fail to mention if you do like coming here that they have a neat To-Go offer where you can fill a styrofoam box with a pound of food for 4.97. So I guess that's nice.
4	I cant believe Lin's is only averaging two and a half stars . Well they might not be five star they are close , they have a lot of good food choices clean , comfortable ,well decorated , friendly polite staff and a reasonable price. That is enough right there to say yay i am a fan. So if you like a good Chinese buffet let me recommend Lins Grand Buffet it is a very good buffet and you will see for yourself.
2	A disappointment. Through the end of 2010 I drove by this location while it was being built. It opened late December with a splash by having lights, balloons, and flags. There was no not noticing it had opened.I figured it can not just be the novelty of the newness of it since the parking lot has been full every day since, there must be something good inside. The Chinese New Year came and figured what better way to celebrate than to go out for Chinese. So off we drove and decided to skip going to the Chinese Cultural Center that has some great restaurants and stopped by Lin's Grand Buffet.The entrance greets you with a great chandelier and teenagers at the register.You pre-pay for your meal and, although the place is huge, you may still wait for a table even if there are clean tables. Once you are seated a waiter. waitress in my case, will come by and ask for the type of drink to bring. (Note - They do not have alcohol not even Asian beers.) There are some great decor items in the seating/tables area, just take a look at some of the snapshots for this place. However, great decor can only go so far towards a good dining experience. One must remember this is a buffet after all and that it is inexpensive. Also the place may be pretty but the floor in the dining area are not kept clean.Now to the food, which is the main make it or break it part of any restaurant. There are vast arrays of options in hot plates, a sushi area, and a Mongolian  Grill. The hot plates have almost every possible option that you will get from an American-Chinese menu in addition to items that I am assuming are there to fit with the area this restaurant is in; items like enchiladas, French fries, etc. The flavors of those items were ok but not much better than that Panda chain of restaurants. Come to think about it Panda has some better tasting ones. In essence the dishes here are uninspired and nothing new and are what you would expect from a Chinese buffet in Phoenix. The sushi is an item to skip as most people seem to not care for it so those of us who would, end up having dry pieces as they sat waiting to be chosen. Did not try the Mongolian grill area. One additional thing to point out, our drinks were not promptly refreshed.Bottom line if the reason you go to a restaurant is for pretty decor then this is your place. If the taste of the food itself is more important then forget about this place.
5	I'll start off by saying I try to avoid buffets at all costs. I want to lose about 20 pounds and when you put "free" food in front of me I will eat it (yes, I know that technically I paid for it but once paid there's an unlimited supply). It's a wonder I'm not as big as a house.Having said that, my friend and I went there for lunch and were both shocked, first at the number of choices and at how good everything tasted. I was stoked to see the Mongolian buffet. Eating at a Mongolian restaurant typically costs at least as much as we paid to eat here, but I still have so many more different kinds of food to eat. I'm too lazy to name everything that I had and rate it, but I will say that I was surprised at how good the items like Buffalo wings and enchiladas were (at a Chinese food restaurant?). They of course had many of the Chinese buffet staples and they also tasted great. I really don't understand the low rating. We paid $7.99 for lunch and I don't know what more people are asking for. To have an unlimited amount of food to eat with this many food choices that are each really good on their own? I give it 5 stars because I can't imagine getting more for my lunch dollar than this. In fact, just writing about it has inspired us to go right now. PS: Please close this place immediately so that I don't go there too often. I have tightly bolstered car seats and I hate it when I can feel my "love handles" rubbing.
1	So we have been wanting to try this place since before it opened and finally tried it tonight.  Never again!  It is decently priced for buffets but doesn't come with a drink...and then you get the food and start to think that it is now overpriced.The green beans were hard, the spring rolls were bland, as were the pork eggrolls and most of the food.  My daughter LOVES rice and noodles and after one bite wouldn't touch the white rice or lo mein noodles again.  The "salmon" nigiri was like plastic and the rice in the sushi wasn't good either...later found out that it is the same rice for the buffet and sushi.  Broccoli in the veggie delight and the beef n broccoli was pretty good but the beef was really fatty and chewy and the mongolian beef lacked.  They have both hot and cold mussels, the cold ones drip a lot of water and come frozen and just get put out and the hot ones come frozen and get heated a bit, both are chewy.  Popcorn shrimp has very dry breading, chicken nuggets and fries couldn't have been to good since again my daughter only had one bite of those.  Out of the soups the only decent one was the egg drop soup.  Even the mushrooms were kinda meh,  it's like they took a random brown sauce and threw some button mushrooms  in it without doing anything else.  It's like everything comes in frozen but they don't even get their food from a good supplier.  The baked sweet potatoes were really but they don't have brown sugar to put on them.And Tim was our server person/glorified busser, and he did a great job and was friendly...plus, we spoke with a manager and he was really nice but didn't seem like he has a firm grasp on everything and more make excuses like sundays being crazy days for them and that was why the floor was so dirty and covered with food and trash, and he did say that they are building more and already have some in other cities and states and that they all use the same recipes, so BEWARE.Lastly my guy will eat just about anything and even some of the most disgusting things and doesn't have issues with it and before we left he was already running to the bathroom
5	The resturtant was great. they have some many different oppitions to choose from. the staff that work for this resturant are very friendly. They do not mind helping you out when when ask for something eles. The food that was at this location was great. Salad was at the cooling temputure. The hot food was at warmth temputure. That fixture hanging from the roof, when you enter is marvilous. The overall enviorment was very clean and inspection ready. My overalll experience with this location of ( Lin's Grand Buffet) was great. NO PROBLEMS at all. Will consider making recomindations.
3	Very nice place, new and clean. Food is just OK. Typical Chinese buffet food, nothing new. Price is fair.  Sushi doesn't look like sushi at all.
2	i liked  the food but after a hangover who won't eat anything! great place for hangover not have when sober. great place to people watch that's for sure!
3	Group of coworkers and I went to try Lins for lunch, and after reading several reviews, I was interested in seeing how clean the floor was, to my surprise it was clean, tables & counter tops were clean as well. We told the hostess that we were a party of 11 and they looked confused on where to put us, they sat us in the back at 2 different tables so the party got broken up, but that didn't really bother us too much. The buffet was 8 per person not including drink, I ordered a drink and it averaged about 11 for the meal. Another thing I was searching for was the enchiladas, few had mentioned that there was some and low and below I found them! Cheese enchiladas, I didn't try them but some coworkers did and they said they tasted good. The buffet offered a lot of choices for food, any picky eater would be able to find something, but the food itself was ok it wasn't bad, but it wasn't spectacular, and left me wanting more in flavor. Glad I went and checked out Lins but I probably will not be going out of my way to try it again.
4	Just what Phoenix needs, another Chinese buffet..Actually it's a pretty good establishment.  Went there on a weeknight for dinner with my partner.  The prices are cheaper than most buffets but the restaurant itself and food is better than most.  The selection is what you will find in most buffets but they also have steak, sushi and Mongolian grill.  The only complaint we had is that the food wasn't warm enough.Wait staff/bussers were pretty diligent.  This location just opened recently so it is always busy so be prepared to wait for a seat.  I am not a big fan of Chinese buffets but I will definitely eat there again.
4	Even though I gave this 4 stars I was tempted to give it just 3 but are giving them the benefit of the doubt having eaten there a few times. The place is remarkably clean. The food is usually very good although a few dishes, especially the desserts and Mongolian BBQ could be improved upon. I have to give them credit though for also offering steaks even though I rarely get them. On our last visit the food was as good as previous visits but will visit it again to see if it goes back to the level it ws, if not the star rating will go down.
4	I went to Lin's for lunch and I am a fan!I actually live in San Diego, CA, but I was visiting people in Ariziona. My boyfriend and I were very impressed by Lin's. Lunch = $8.50 - $9.00 excluding drinks& the best part is they have crawfish during lunch! They also had fried chicken, baby octopus, sushi, and a lot of other great food I cannot remember. The place is so beautiful! Because of Lin's, I hate San Diego's buffets.
3	Typical, middle-of-the-road, nothing special, nothing too awful Chinese buffet.  Went here once with my brother, nephew, and dad a couple of weeks after it was opened.  Between the four of us, we pretty much sampled most of the food there - and nothing really wowed any of us.  For the price of the buffet, 99 times out of 100, I would probably rather go up the street to Panda Express.
5	i prefer buffets to a la carte restaurants, and i love lin's! their price is out of this world given the variety of food. and the locals know it's a bargain, because every time i come, the entire parking lot is packed around noon, and you see cars circling for a space. because of the amount of patrons, the food is fresh. (i think lin's usually opens at 11:00, so if you come then, you can avoid the parking hassle).i usually just skip the rice and load my plates with fresh salad and the meat dishes. everything's is yummy, and the taste of each dish, while not top notch, is distinct from each other.my favorite is the sweet bbq pork ribs. and i usually leave some room for their fresh baked cookies and ice cream.the staff is also very friendly and respectful.thanks lin's! don't change!
3	Food overall was good, especially for a buffet...wasn't impressed with the sushi, service was not very good.
4	This is one of the better Chinese buffet restaurants out there.  The food was very good and very fresh and they do a pretty good job of keeping everything clean.  Even during the Friday night rush.  My only complaint is that they need to lower the temperature.  It's way too hot with all of the people there.By the way, if you're looking to try something a little out of the ordinary, try the baby octopus.  I thought it was quite good.
4	Great Chinese place to eat and good prices. Korean noodles are the best there.
3	Nice, clean restaurant.  Did lunch here.  Long line to get in.  Food options were wonderful.  Food flavor was ok. Great price for lunch.  10 per adult including drink. Strange how they mixed dessert items among the regular main dish items but heck, part of the buffet alore is just searching out different types of foods to try.  Must admit, for a Chinese buffet it was very good and I would go back.
5	Great restaurant, it was clean, spacious and had great decor.  Ive eaten at a few buffets, and this has to be the cleanest one ive been to.  Food was good, hot and fresh. Lunch was around $10 plus drink.  Defenitely a buffet to visit and enjoy with the family. Mon - Fri before 4pm around $10Sat - Sun Dinner after 4pm, around $13
2	You think when you see this building it is the grand daddy of all buffets. Well looks are deceiving! The place was crowded and you barely had any room to sit or walk.  The food is just the same as any other buffet, had the same items only there was a section with steak.  I was disappointed that it was no different then the regular buffets you go to. I did not like how the tables were all meshed together, I understand being popular but the customers should be comfortable.  The price is the usual cost you see in buffets, but I wouldn't call them grand cause they weren't.  Nothing spectacular don't get your hopes up.
5	Really good buffet, had sushi, chinese, and it was great.
4	I came here for dinner today with a friend of mine, and I'm glad that I did.  What a great buffet!  The place was large, clean, and had a huge spread of food that seemed endless.  Price was fair for dinner, as it was $27 for the both of us.  I was really impressed with this one.Some of the features that they have here are a Sushi station, a mongol ion BBQ area, plenty of desserts, and plenty of food for all to eat.  They also had quite the desert spread as well.  One of the better buffet's I've seen in town.  If your in the area, definitely go check this place out. Really worth it!
3	There's always room in my life for a buffet. I must say my experience was much better than I expected it to be. The restaurant itself was very clean. We were quickly seated at noon on a Saturday. I was with a party of 12, they only allow you to put two tables together so if your party is more than 8 you will be split up. The food stations were clean as well, everything looked picture perfect. There was a Mongolian Stir Fry Station, Sushi Station, & "Bakery" (notice he italics). I sampled several chicken items and some shrimp entrees. The chicken entrees were good but they all tasted the same so whether you get General Tso's, Broccolli and Chicken, or Cashew Chicken it's all basically the same flavor- SOY. I liked the soft served ice cream, it beats having little kids try to scoop out their own ice cream like a lot of other Chinese style buffets do. I was brave and tried the Baby Octopus, the sauce was great but it was so chewy that my jaw literally started to hurt from munching so much. Didn't get to try the American food items but I definitely will have to go back and try before I write this place off. The biggest plus was the cute waiter that constantly kept our  cups full.
3	Lin's is a great place to go once or twice a year when you are just craving 1000 pounds of questionable americanized Chinese food.This place is like your classic mall Chinese food, but done pretty well. I've been twice and there's always lots of food, it's usually hot and reasonably fresh, and the service is above average considering how busy it is.  The prices are reasonable--dinner is $10.69. Also, I am embarrassed to say it, but the buffalo wings are way good.Why the three stars? Two reasons...First, the customer base here is really... interesting. It's kind of like eating while sitting on the floor of an inner city Walmart. There are children running around everywhere, most of whom are poorly dressed. When I went a couple nights ago, I saw a fat 9 yr old boy with a "YOU SUCK" t-shirt on, and another kid about 5 yrs old with skull and crossbones logos all over his baggy sweatshirt. To be fair, most of the older clientele are just regular fat guys grubbing out at the ol' buffet, but a fair number of the customers here just exude a lack of class. Lin's has a huge pump bottle of A1 near the "steak" area. I mean really... if it's under the guise of Chinese buffet, they sure aren't trying very hard.Second, for some reason there is this intense sense of discomfort associated with being at Lin's that I can't really explain, like you just want to scarf down all your food as fast as you can and get the hell out of there. I think it's mostly caused by the crowdedness everywhere. The chairs are pretty close to each other, the people at the buffet seem ravenous and you always have to be careful to not bump into Big Momma behind you who is snatching up all the crawfish, corn on the cob and french fries she can. Nobody goes here for the atmosphere, and usually I don't care at all about things like this, but here it's extreme and you feel very rushed.I'll go back the next time I have no regard for my health or happiness and just need to gorge myself on cheap food, because the food really isn't too bad, but I would not make Lin's a regular on my list.
1	I've been wanting to try Lin's since they built this location on Baseline. It was always busy, so I assumed that it must be good! Wrong.The food was mediocre at best. While it was fresh and hot, it was also bland. The only decent thing I tried was the veggie spring rolls. Everything else tasted like paste. The atmosphere if you want to call it that was terrible. It was extremely loud and there were children running everywhere. I almost lost several plates of food due to some kid charging to the ice cream machine. The price was outrageous for the quality. Next time i'm in the mood for some Chinese food, i'll go to Pan Asia down the street! At least there I can have a tasty meal with flavor and there won't be kids knocking food out of my hands!
4	I love this buffet. It is very clean and there is a great selection. I love this place for a team lunch during work time. It's close to the office, quick, and easy. They are very accommodating for a big group. I have 10 people on my team. They all loved it and had a blast. I think the best part of coming here is that you don't have to wait. You get your food right away and there is more time to socialize. I will definitely bring my team here again for lunch.
4	as i walked in i thought to myself "wow".  i figured it was probably because the establishment was new.  very nice ambiance.  it seems like there is alot of room around the tables and even the actual buffets.  i didn't bump into anyone.the service was great.  we went during lunch and it was busy with all the lunch folk.  because it was busy we didn't see our server often but she did meet all our needs.the food seemed to be better than average buffet food.i enjoy going to this place because i know alot of crappy buffets in the phoenix area and this place sets itself apart from others.
2	I was contemplating going there, so I called their phone number as listed. Rang over 25 times. Then a Hispanic lady with thick accent answered the phone "Lins". I asked her how much Saturday dinner was; $14 per person. First impressions are a lasting impression. I am not going to spend a bunch of gas and money for the 2 of us to eat after this poor first impression. I will go during the week at lunch and tell the owner about the phone call experience.
5	We LOVE Lin's, effin A Lin's. This is, by far, the best Chinese buffet in Phoenix. We look forward to going to Lin's and will go multiple times a week. We are offended by the negative blasphemous comments. If you have a negative view of Lin's, you don't know Lin's. Clearly. We love Lins... I could say it all day. We will be requesting tshirts next time we go. Haters not welcome.
5	Great selection, sushi is "americanized" but still very good.  Their wasabi will singe your nose hairs!!  Best sweet and sour soup I've ever had.  Plus, the service was excellent.  We'll be back.
2	Eh. I don't even have much to say. This was a Chinese buffet, and it tasted like one. The sushi was unlabeled, which was a shame. Service was lacking--it took quite a while to get drink refills. The mei fun and vegetarian delight were both fairly good, but I'd avoid the meat if at all possible. All the meat.
4	1. Great food and selection. (For a buffet).2. South Phoenix (my negative point)3. Awesome looking dessert (was too full to try)
4	Okay this place has a odd selection of food but I guess it's to accommodate the area of the type of people who come in there. I never been to a Chinese Buffet that has enchiladas with sushi and Chinese food. over all it was good, a lot better than most buffets in phoenix. It was very clean and the waitress was very attentive to refilling your drinks. I would go back especially for the fried shrimp and some other Chinese food items..
3	Review for Lunch...Chinese food was ok. decent options.Sushi options were VERY LIMITED.. I was disappointed...Love the beignets like dessert...Services is typical of Chinese Buffet... Price is reasonable...
2	Face Scale & CaveMan Grunts=)     Ayeeeee!=/     ehhhhh=(     eeeek!xO   barf!Rice with veggies =)Sushi Station  =/All Meats (didn't try but judging appearances)  =(Cleanliness  =/Fat People in there piggin' out  xOHealthy options?   =(Overall flavor =/Unlimited Water =)
4	One of the best buffets in Arizona, I would compare it to some casinos. It is new and modern, the layout is good not like the old dirty buffets you see most places that are outdated. The food selection is better then most buffets too, I still have not tried it all yet. Big parking lot which gets packed, the place is fairly large too and is its own building. I recommend it for family,friends or you can just be a pig and go by yourself, haha.
5	Wow! What a great place!Vegas style buffet Blooms in the Desert.The selection is fantastic, they have 4 different Islands of food with Many trays in each IslandGrilled steaks to order, Sushi, Mongolian BBQ..........you cant go wrong.For the Price its the best buffet in town. Service has always been excellent and prompt. It always seems to be busy as well. NO Complaints from me, I have high expectations of places, this is a 5star buffet in comparison to the other options out there in the Valley and for about 11 bucks with tax you cant go wrong.
4	It's going on two years since this my original review of this place & several visits later, but surely time for an Update, so Mike C. joined me to come have lunch here today & see how they're doing.This big Buffet is NICE inside, & not much has changed at all.  The seating is a comfortable array of booths as well as tables & chairs.  The food & service are both excellent, & they feature (some) Sushi, & a three-meat Mongolian BBQ & a total of 119 food items right now, plus sauces & dressings.Only a couple of things held this one back from a 5 Star rating from me today:*  The bathroom has only air blowers, no paper towels to dry your hands on, & then the door back into the dining room has to be PULLED open!  How are you supposed to get back to your table with clean hands, unless the stall is vacant & you can get some toilet paper to open the door with (& then throw on the floor there in the hallway?)!     :-O*  Some of the food was on the greasy side.Overall, this place is really good & came in just below 5 Stars for me today.  It's the best of the four Buffets here in South Mountain (that are served every day), edging out Jumbo Buffet over at 35th Av. & Southern just a little.     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet is now $8.29/$7.47 Sr.
3	Just another cheap buffet.
3	Lin's is an okay experience, but there are better Asian buffets out there!They have a lot of dishes that you'd find at a Panda Express, but they are really oily and the taste isn't that great.  You can also find some other selections like soups, salad, fried creatures, chicken wings, a sushi bar, a Mongolian BBQ-style area, and some fruit and puddings.I was a bit disappointed with the sushi selection as most rolls had minimal Ahi and avocado.  Compared to other buffets in the area with a similar price range, they are also missing snow crab legs and some more dishes with shrimp.  I also found the hostesses to be overly mechanical rather than genuinely hospitable.The price for adults is $10.59/ person on the evenings AND weekends (i.e. even during lunch), and $8.29 during the week.  I posted a picture of the prices for reference as there wasn't one.  The quality isn't that great, but it does the job.In all, again, Lin's was an okay experience, but not as "grand" as the restaurant name implies.
5	Excellent food, and variety I have never been here when there isn't a large crowd.
4	4 stars : Based on Buffet Criterion (Not a $$$ Posh Dining experience). My new favorite Asian Buffet (Using Hong Kong Gourmet, Crazy Buffet, Pacific Seafood as comparison)Something there for everyone - Sushi, BBQ, Mongolian Grill, Tons of Seafood items, lots of Vegetarian Items (which is super hard to come by in general...let alone at buffet). Can we talk about the fact that the food is, actually, good? At a buffet!?  Yes...and the bathrooms are large and clean. A weirdly big deal for me at buffets, but I digress.  My favorite part...they're actually cheaper than a few places, by a couple bucks.I have yet to do check in on them again, as some other reviewers remark that they're inconsistent...but I sure hope that's not the case.
4	Food was good, place was clean, service was spot on, can't ask for more!
3	Is a good place to eat if you like Chinese food not very fancy but it's a decent meal little pricey for what you get still decent place
3	If you like but they said they did buffet but it's still a buffet. My recommendation is to get the Mongolian Grill noodles they customize it and it takes away some of the buffet effects
3	It's OK buffet. I am a fan of pork but they don't have many :(. It's a plus for the desserts, lots more than other buffet.The space is really nice, big and cozy.
4	One of the best Chinese buffet
3	Not bad for a buffet - I'm not generally a fan of buffets, because most of the ones I've visited favor quantity over quality. Most of it's pretty good, except for the baby octopus.
1	My daughter loves this place, and I've never been, so I took her here as a reward for a good report card. As soon as I pay and we are seated I hit the bathroom. As soon as I step in to the men's room I'm hit with the scent of stale urine and the sight of graffiti reminiscent of a gas station bathroom. After I'm done with my business I notice neither of the soap dispensers have soap in them. They were so bone dry it looked like they hadn't been filled in weeks. I told one of the servers after I got out of the bathroom and used some hand sanitizer I carry with me. While I filled my plate the only thing I could think of was the chefs who cooked the food who hadn't used soap to was their hands and all those before me that had grabbed the serving tongs. After I sat down with my daughter to eat I glanced over towards the servers area just in time to see one of the servers in plain view shoving his finger in his mouth to pick something out of his back teeth and then grab someone's drinks to bring them to a table. Needless to say I was disgusted. The only reason this place gets 1 star is because the little food I did manage to stomach was okay, but I won't be going back.
5	$9.39 adult lunch after tax, water to drink.Lots of items, especially fresh fruit and desserts.Baked salmon, good amounts of crisp kiddie food, enchiliadas, char-siu pork ribs (yummm!), crawdads, shrimp in shell as well as battered, a sushi area (Americanized, no sashimi, but still good), Mongolian BBQ area, and a lot of the usual Chinese buffet items. Mussels 2 different ways!This is not a place for being in a hurry, but you CAN get the to-go styro. You want to enjoy this.Service is very courteous and very fast with taking your plates and refilling your water while you're getting the next plate. Someone give that blond dude a raise for his friendliness and professionalism. Absolutely no complaints about this place whatsoever, and price is right on and fair. I don't have a bad thing to say about this place, the broccoli was nice and bright, and everything was perfectly presented. I would've given 4 stars but service and the INSIDE SKINNY below puts it to 5 stars.INSIDE SKINNY: The Thai chiles in the General Tso's chicken and other dishes. What you want are the plump and darker ones moist with juice from the dish, not the flat harder ones. They're roasty in flavor and sweet, and not too hot. Well for me anyway! I love that flavor! The seeds seem to have escaped so you don't have to worry too much about those. Even if there are seeds, and there usually are, a good chomping (chew thoroughy please) is great with a few bites.HAWAIIAN INSIDE SKINNY: ONO CHAR SIU RIBS!ALSO: To go styro is $4.99 a pound.STYRO STRATEGY INSIDE SKINNY: Half inch layer of rice on the bottom to keep the juices from your other selections. A little chow mein goes well with the Thai chiles as well. Since you're being weighed out at the end, try to maximize your meat and be diverse with your selections. A little of everything is a treat. Try not to get veggies weighed down with juice, remember it's by the pound. I also like the green beans. My reasonably filled styro with mostly meat and some veggies and a little chow mein came to $9.18 but if you cram it the price can get up to $12.50.Watch out for bones, you'll pay for them by weight, but the chicken wings (regular and mildly hot but delicious) are a good grab. I get 3 per styro.Great to dash in and out to take back and eat at your desk throughout the day.
2	I've been here a million times. Usually I just go for lunch w one friend. This time I went with my family to celebrate my mom & sisters birthday. We were a party of 12. 3 of us were there first & asked for a table for 12. They told us they would not prepare a table until everyone was there. Once we were all there they took us to 2 separate tables for 6. That defeats a purpose of a family dinner doesn't it? I said "We don't want to sit separate." She seemed very bothered & said she would try to find a table for 12. I felt like it was very irresponsible that they would be so unprepared even after we warned them about our party of 12. Eventually we did get a table & the food was great.
3	Variety is on average, no wow dishes, and all the food is prepared just about how you'd expect. No surprises, good or bad. It was busy, but I'm not sure why.
4	Of course it just wouldn't be Mexican Mother's Day without going out to an excellent Chinese Buffet, so I got together with Mike C. to join in the big celebration here today!Ok, well anyway it's been eight months today since I've been to this one, & that's a long time to skip this Winner!  Joining the happy crowd here, there were 117 food items being presented, plus sauces & dressings.  I started with some feisty Hot & Sour Soup, Sushi, & then it was on to some GREAT authentic Mongolian BBQ!  Now the secret to ordering Mongolian BBQ is to furnish your plate with a little bit of each of the tasty treats available & then locate cheerful Chef NON-Mongolian, & ask him to prepare it "Hooker Style" for you.     :-)     No, I'm not kidding, & I'm here to tell you that he knows what he's doing & you're going to love your BBQ!  How about a $20 steak with your $10 total price meal?  No problem!  Don't be afraid to ask Chef NON to cook you up a nice Ribeye Steak!  Yes I asked for one, yes he whipped it out (the steak), flame broiled it to my exact liking, & it was tender & delicious!     :-)Some of the other top treats I enjoyed today were the Fried Zucchini, Hot Wings, regular fried chicken, pork ribs, BBQ Spare Ribs, & unusually tasty Chicken & Broccoli.Ok, it's minus one Star for two deficiencies here today:*  The bathroom had only those damned air blowers, no paper towels, so after you wash your hands to eat you have to either try to get some toilet paper from the one stall with a door that opens IN, or use your elbow & your shirt tail to turn off the water & to open the second door back to the dining room!  GET PAPER TOWELS, LIN'S!*  There was salad lettuce but nothing to put on it except Ginger slices & dressing!  I suppose I could have added dill pickle slices (eek!), but what about Garbanzos, Pickled Beets, cucumber slices, olives, Red Onion rings, baby corn , Water Chestnut slices, Kim Chee, peanuts, croutons or anything else?  HAVE SALAD TOPPINGS, LIN'S!SO...  It's 4.8 Stars this time for Lin's Baseline, & yes, it's still a Grand Buffet!Weekday Lunch Buffet $9.39/$8.45 Sr., but of course being Mexican Mother's Day, a major holiday (!), it was about a dollar higher today, & I looked through the crowd but didn't see Iain here!  Can you imagine?     :-))
1	Food was cold, shrimp not properly cooked through, workers seemed to be uninterested in service, I suppose you get what you pay for though!
3	This place is a definite hit or miss Chinese buffet. We've gone here about 5 times, three of those visits were worthy of 1 star, the other two visits deserved 4 stars.The last visit was horribly pathetic on so many levels, not all Lin's fault but hey, it is what it is. It was grocery shopping day, so usually we grab something quick after we unload and put away the groceries. Lin's is right around the corner, so we debate a bit on where to go and ultimately end up here. We say to each other "I hope this is a HIT night, not a miss". It was a miss, but still edible and the kids love picking out their own entrees. Here's where the demotion of stars happens, again not directly Lin's doing.A family comes in after us, maybe 6 of them. They are seated directly behind our table. After the loud belching and choice words the man and woman start to argue, spewing out F bombs here and there, threatening each other with physical harm. He dares her to get up and try to slap his face, she dares him right back...she double dares him..ooooooooh! Well I started to get a little uncomfortable with the conversation, mainly because my 4 year old and 6 year old are sponges....and my 12 year old just stares and giggles. They also had a 6 year old, I know this because that's the topic of their argument. She says "you just a baby daddy, shut your f'ing mouth, you never do bleep when it comes to him so mind your own business...blah blah blah. Suddenly she decides to chuck a heavy glass salt shaker at him with the force of an MLB pitcher, but obviously this 200+ lb woman isn't on any league, and misses. Unfortunately her aim was right at my head...it swooshed by so fast on the top of my head, whew, luckily it didn't hit me head on. Here's where I'm confused, the waitress saw this event and asked me if I was alright, I was. Not once were these animals asked to leave, or confronted by the staff. My husband had to say something to the lady but other than that it was a free for all. I'm sure we'll eat there again...just be cautious of who sits near you...and please Lin's, replace those salt shakers with the cheap plastic or cardboard ones :)
1	My boyfriend and I decided to come here just to try it out and, plus, it was on the way to the grocery store.Anyway, when we first walked in, it seemed to be extremely large on the outside and in the lobby area. After my boyfriend paid for our meals & drinks, we were escorted to our seats. The interior is beautiful - as well as the tables we ate on! I absolutely loved the decoration pieces - but, honestly, that's as far as I'll go with praises.While I do understand that one shouldn't have high expectations at a buffet, we were still met with disappointment.The food wasn't very good and it actually made me sick (nausea) while my boyfriend felt it as well. I'm only writing this review now because I was trying to take care of my stomach. The food was very bland period and while the restaurant itself seemed grand and wonderful - the selections weren't very diverse. It only had the minimal types of food one would expect at a $5.99 buffet.Another thing I didn't like were how the selections were laid out as well. Why was the sushi bar hidden? The Mongolian Grill would have been a nice addition if it didn't have pizza, cakes, and cookies next to it. Shouldn't the cakes & cookies be in the dessert section anyway? Speaking of the dessert, they were also laid out by the seafood - which, I personally felt, was something that majorly concerned me as a whole.This buffet was not worth the price my boyfriend and I paid for (even if we did get free refills) and for sure, we will not be going back again.
2	Yes its true one should not have extremely high expectations for buffet style restaurants however...this one is just.... blah. Some stuff was kinda good but everything else was just blah...I tried the Mongolian grill and it was kinda gross not much flavor. Out of all the Chinese food buffets I've been to this one definitely ranks towards the bottom. Oh, but the interior decor is cool :)
2	Some many of my friends have raved about this place and how great it is. It is obvious how different out taste buds ARE! So to start the year off my employer decided to take all of us out to eat at Lin's Buffet.  How nice.  The gesture that is.  I normally hate, loathe, buffets because I don't want my food sitting out with people picking over it. Not cool.  Well, yeah, that's just it. First, if you are gluten free or have any other diet restriction...STAY AWAY!  This place has very little to offer for you to eat.  I basically had veggies, fruit, and hard boiled eggs.Second, I went to the bathroom when I first arrived, and there was NO SOAP. WTF. Strike one and two.  I quickly thought about how many people use the bathroom and probably didn't wash I was I appealed. After I used my pink to open the door I luckily found a colleague who had wipes or hand sanitizer.  All in all mediocre food. Extremely crowded. Non dietary restriction friendly. Smh.  I'm just glad I didn't have to pay.
5	Probably one of the best buffets I have been too very good!! I went with a date and let me just say it has very wonderful selections for everyone including kids!! 28$ for two people on a Saturday night!! The price is kind of steep but you get your belly full every time!! Love the Egg Drop Soup and the Sushi!!
5	My husband and I love this buffet. It is affordable and minus the salad, the food is always fresh. (but come on, who comes to a chinese buffet for the salad LOL) The sushi is always fresh, and doesn't taste too fishy. The fried rice is amazing! The wait staff is okay... it's a buffet, so it's easy for drinks to run dry. Also, they're fortune cookies are actually GOOD. Usually they are stale, but they must go through a lot, because they are usually fresh. All in all, we visit this place quite often, it's clean, consistent and always enjoyable.
5	Where else can you get chicken 12 ways, and all good too...This is the only place, and everything else is good also...FYI... dont be fooled by that lin's seafood buffet (stay away at all costs), its not affiliated with lin's grand buffet.
4	we love this place Missy often asked to go right there as soon as she lands LOL she a picky eater and can find stuff she loves there....Great food!
1	The one star should say it all...
4	Service is ok, friendly staff, could be quicker receiving meals. My husband ordered for me and when I waited thru three of my husbands and sons meals until I received mine (15mins later). (Made me very hungry), the food is great and the atmosphere is awesome, it's not a place to rush your night eating. Price is good. Toilets need a but more lighting , my son freaked out cos it was so dark in there. Best food I've tasted for a while.i will definatley be going back there!
2	I was sure to come here a couple of times and give it a fair shot before reviewing. Service is polite but negligent. The pretty girls at the front are very polite but often won't look you in the eye. The servers are similarly polite but often will be running past your table while they drop off your drink. After all, this is a buffet place and you can't expect service much better than that.The food is extremely inconsistent but even on its best days is just okay and never really all that good. I tried the Mongolian Grill and found it to be very good comparatively and thought I had found a reason to actually come here. However, just today I went to put together a plate and found the pork all mixed up with the chicken. The beef is a very strange unnaturally beet red while the pork is pink. There was no doubt that there was pork mixed with the chicken. Unfortunately, for Jews and Muslims or others who refrain from pork, this is a show-stopper.So with the Mongolian Grill (which I acutally liked) now forever off limits, I was forced to try their other offerings. Out of everything, the only things I could stomach were Teriyaki chicken sticks, the chicken and broccoli and the beef and broccoli. The other standard "Chinese restaurant" fare like Kung Pao beef tasted like detergent on one day. The next day I tried it, it was a little more palatable but still not very good.After seeing the pork so carelessly mixed up with the chicken at the Mongolian Grill counter and with the overwhelming majority of the buffet items unpalatable, I will probably not come here again.
4	Really good value.Two visits with the four of us--no one ever got sick.Let's face it--we are talking about a Chinese buffet here, so don't expect a "foodie" review like we usually give, since all of these Chinese buffets offer the same quick fare. For that reason alone our ratings scale is based upon what college professors would consider to be a "sliding scale". Therefore let us continue...We are awarding 4 stars to Lin's Grand Buffet for some specific surprises:1.) The fried fish and fried shrimp were very good. Like, SURPRISINGLY good, especially since we are grilled fish/healthy eaters (but the grilled salmon that day was "fishy", thus the discovery of the fried stuff). Our suggestion is to try a very tiny piece of fish before proceeding further, since cooking varies from day to day.2.) The cheese enchiladas are perfect. (Weird, right?) But we were craving them that day.3.) Yummy "critters". Our other surprise was that our 19-year-old stuffed his face with little octopus and LOVED them. He had never had them before, either, and the whole thing started as a dare... He also piled his plate several times with the crayfish. All of it gross to us, but obviously not to him. The octopus are tiny and look like little cartoons. The crayfish are just like I remember them from playing in the creeks of Texas as a child.There is a HUGE assortment of foods here--something for everybody. Ribs are good, but not too much meat on them, chicken wings are good, pot stickers are good. They've got everything you can imagine and more. Salad bar is a disappointment. Not too many healthy vegetable toppings. Very basic stuff there, including the ever present chocolate pudding.The husband got two plates of Mongolian Barbecue, so to whoever mentioned previously they don't have this anymore, apparently they do still have this feature of the restaurant. Hubby liked it. Said the first cook "made it great" and the second cook (when he went back for seconds) "made it meh". Depends on your cook, we guess.The sushi is uninteresting and dry. Full disclosure, we didn't ask for anything specific to be made for us, so we don't know if that is an option here. Can anyone enlighten us? (Thanks.)The deserts are dry and monotonous--you know the drill on this stuff.We refuse to call the soft-serve (which comes in chocolate, vanilla, or swirl) "ice cream". It is food-grade "D" frozen "treat". Nasty stuff, eat at your own risk kind of territory. But again, our son, despite himself and God love him, kept going back for more. Blecht!..and LOL! In our humble opinion, this was the worst part of our  visits.We've always had great/attentive servers. We say the only drawback is the ripped seating. When we asked for another booth on a busy night the hostess laughed and told us that all of the seats are ripped. So, come on, Phoenix! Let's sit properly, mm'kay? This can be prevented. Otherwise the place is huge and kind of cool/pretty looking. It seems clean enough. Bathrooms are new/clean.
4	There is really good food here. That is the only reason why there is 4 stars. But I have a few problems. 1) No milk for little kids... Seriously? We come in with a 16 month old and she doesn't drink soda, or juice, barely likes water. She wanted milk with lunch, and they don't have milk. Why would you not have milk for kids?! From what I understand, they don't have juice either. 2) Everyone is crammed in there. There isn't enough space between the rows of food for people to fit through without bumping arms or other body parts - no matter how small you are. Add in that people let their kids run through and grab what they want and it makes it worse. 3) We were a party of 6 adults, one child, one toddler. They could have given us a bigger table. There was barely any elbow room. Ridiculous. The only reason they have 4 stars is because the food was REALLY good. And I mean really good. The server was always bringing refills, which was great. But I probably won't go back with my kids. So the chance I'll come back soon will be slim.
4	A fast-paced buffet with very tasty food. I arrived on a Sunday about 11:30 AM. Even though they just opened up at 11, the restaurant was already full. I had to wait in line to pay, but the wait was only about four minutes once I was seated the server came by got me my beverage and I was off to load up my plate. The selection of foods was quite vast. Everything was fresh and as I was loading up I saw several attendees bringing out more fresh food. Lin's also had a Mongolian Grill, the only downside to that was the options were limited and you don't get the choice of what sauces to add to your food. After eating my fill, I left around 12:30 PM. When walking out the line was three times as long as it was when I arrived. So my advice, get there early or during off peak hours.
4	Look. I hate to admit I even go to buffets from time to time but this is actually a pretty decent Chinese buffet.The employees were all very friendly and they were very attentive, the food was actually very flavorful and very good, it has Mongolian barbecue and a sushi station.The upside to this buffet is that you can eat as healthy or as bad as you would like. For a Chinese buffet in a marginal area of town is actually remarkably very clean. It is definitely worth checking out. There's no way to give a buffet five stars so this will get a solid four star from me. When you take into consideration the price you really can't beat it.Sidenote; I went there at 3 PM on a weekday.
1	Beyond disgusting. Food was cold. And old. If you like eating bad leftovers that have been reheated time and time again, you will love this place. Restaurant was filthy. And while we were there the manager actually turned away a party of 5 because they wanted to sit at an 8 top. The restaurant was 3/4 empty and this was Friday night at 6:30. Save yourself and never come here. Can I give it less than 1 star?
3	I used to like this place. Quality of food is not good and not much variety anymore. Very limited desserts. There were no Crab legs! I will not come back. It's sad because this is very close to my house. I might just take a nice long drive in search for better food!
2	I've never been a fan of Chinese buffets and this place did little to change my mind on that. I was hoping to be wrong as we were greeted by a 30 minute wait for a table. Heck, this many people can't be wrong? Ummmmm...Standard Chinese buffet food but nothing imaginative or inspiring about this one. It was a nice touch to see a steak cooking station but I had to order it 3 times before I actually got mine and it still wasn't cooked right. All in all, I guess it's what I expected for a cheap Chinese food buffet but I won't be going back again.
5	It's been a year since the last Update for this one, so it was time to wheel back in here at opening time today & see how they're doing.     :-)Fortunately, 3 1/2 years after opening, this place is still running like a clock.  (You never know with these Buffets.)  Weekday Lunch is currently running $8.99/$8.10 Sr., and today's feast consisted of 119 food items, plus sauces and dressings.  Here were some of my other observations this time:*  Friendly hosts and waiter!*  They are taking good care of the place.  It was clean and comfortable with the bathroom & everything being properly maintained.*  The Hot & Sour Soup was feisty and delicious!*  Tasty Shrimp Salad!  (There were various other shrimp treats too...  all excellent!)*  Ah, the Sushi!  Beautiful, precious creations being made right there for you, as you watch, just like at Shane Co!     :-)*  Cheerful Chef Non Mongolian is still there & he's a top pro!  You bet I let him cook me up a plate of terrific, "Hooker Style" REAL Mongolian BBQ!     :-))I also particularly enjoyed the BBQ Pork Spare Ribs (one of two styles out), and a tasty soft ice cream cone for dessert.Woohoo!  This busy place was in top form today!     :-))
2	Not my favorite buffett.Sushi was bland and not many choices.Steak was overcooked (I told him medium rare and it was almost well done). Mongolian grill was good.The rest of the choices are your normal selection. It was quite busy, which in a buffett is a very good thing (food gets changed out faster).You do pay before you go even sit down, so be aware.Also, there is potatoe salad right by the pudding. Be careful, as I almost screwed that up.
3	This buffet is just ok. For a Chinese buffet it's the best one I have been to yet, though I don't frequent many Chinese buffets. To me most of the chicken items taste very similar to one another. I have only had the lunch items so I can't speak of the dinner menu, I can say that if you want a ton of food for cheap, Lin's is for you!!
1	If I could give it 0 stars I would. This place was terrible today! The service was half assed and it was VERY hot! We asked for the manager and they sent our waitress. Worst service. We lost our appetites due to how hot it was in there. They did nothing to compensate or make things better. We had sweat rolling down our faces and backs! We brought in a group of 30 and they didn't seem to care! We won't be back.
3	Came here for a family dinner. Service at the front was alright. We had to wait for all of our parties to get here just to be seated, but then after a while they just decided to let us seat and go eat. They had a lot of variety in foods, but in my opinion any place can and its more about quality. So, mostly everything I ate there was ok. Probably the egg drop soup and salt and pepper shrimp would be something I'd consider always getting. The best thing I would say they have is the made to order steak. Get it any way you want it. I got it medium rare and it was really tasty. Couldn't go wrong with that one. Another thing that was good and I took notice was the service on my drinks. I think their name was Andrew. He made sure our drinks were always filled even before I had to even ask. I don't know about anyone else, but to me that's always a big plus when I dine out in places. All in all, its an alright place to me for a buffet.
5	The food was fantastic here and they have a huge variety of foods. If your looking for a great Chinesse restraunt this one should be at the top of your list. Yum yum yum!
1	I am only giving this place 1 star because I cant give it zero.  This place is absolutely disgusting.  We drove by this place a lot in the past week because we were frequenting South Mountain Preserve and with all the blazing lights outside, we thought this place was literally beckoning us to try them out.  I'm already not a huge fan of buffets for hygienic reasons and because most buffets are built for high capacity food to be dished out quickly. As a result the foods in buffets are rarely ever made fresh. But there are a few I'm actually impressed with, so I cant completely disregard buffets as a whole.The outside of this place looks like a Chinese ski lodge with a neon light trim. There is nothing around it except for a Circle K across the street, so this place really stands out.  Kids under 2 eat free. I kinda wish we were all under 2 years old tonight for this meal.The cashier was friendly, the host was weird about seating us and our server was probably the best part about that place. So II'll take back my first sentence, Id like to give that one star to her.The place was very busy which I thought was a sure sign that it was going to be a great buffet, but I took a good look around. A reaaallllly good look.  If you took every single person that was on parole in AZ and seated them at a Chinese buffet, that's what you would get. 'Twas a bit creepy in there.  Aside from that, let me get down to the food....I took a little bit of everything.  It's what I always do.  The food looked weird to me, like it was purchased from the supermarket, thawed out and placed under the heat lamp for everyone.  The ONLY items that looked normal were the jello (which is already a bizarre food anyway), the rice and the ice cream.  That's it. The sushi was an absolute joke, fried fish was bready and greasy, jalapeno chicken/sweet n sour chicken all tasted like a packet of syrup was mixed and then drizzled on top.  My son (who actually has an excellent palate) said the pizza tasted like yogurt. Like YOGURT! Quite possibly the most unsightly thing I saw tonight was a seafood blend (casserole) that looked like somebody vomited on the tray.  I saw two scrapes taken from that tray. I'll say a prayer for the 1-2 individuals who ate that tonight because that was absolutely disgusting.There is so much food there and I'd love to go through the list, but to be honest there's no point.  Just dont go there.  Save your money and go elsewhere. Anywhere but there.
1	Flies all over the food in the buffet and the manager was rude when we asked for a refund!! Nasty!!
2	We stopped by here since we were in the neighborhood after visiting with friends.  The place looks nice from the outside - similar to a large log cabin.  Service was friendly inside, food was plentiful, but to me, did not taste good.  It lacked a lot of flavor and quite a few food items had been sitting out for a while.  I would not come back to this place as I would be able to spend my $40 (2 adults, 1 child) some place nicer with better quality food.
3	Massive place, lots of people, a lot of food and a lots of choices. It would be hard not to find something you like for the entire family. Not sure it's the most healthy things you could eat. Lots of calories in the meal I picked. You could choose from some of the other items that might be better. They have a grill and fresh sushi. It's worth a shot. I was glad I stopped in.
1	Going to this place reminded me why I don't go to these places.They should change the name of this place to Riff Raff n' Nausea; you get to be around all the rudest, most obnoxious people of S. Phoenix (the other patrons), and the food will likely make you feel terrible. I'm pretty iron-stomached and rarely prone to sickness after eating subpar food, but this place had me breaking out the Pepto, PDQ.It's just not worth it in any way. BEWARE.
