5	WHAT? There are no entries here yet!!!! Are you all asleep or hiding this little gem?!!!Over in the south side of town, across the Mon' (Monogahela) river, next to the Incline - in the Station Square shopping area - you will find a lovely Italian Restaurant called "Buca Di Beppo." Now, I know - many of you are saying this is just a small chain restaurant - but I don't give a farthing. They have some of the BEST italian food - served FAMILY style that you have ever had.The thought of their potato Gnocchi has me drooling right now.We went last Sunday night, as a group of about ten, and ordered some garlic cheese bread, beer and iced tea. The party never stopped from that point on.  The wait staff were very helpful, patient, and courteous to a fault! Thank goodness for these people alone... but wait... the food is fantastic! And it's served in large or small portions - so you can eat family style and pass the dishes around, or keep one just for yourself.We had Cantiloni, Gnocchi, stuffed shells, chicken parmegain, pizza, fetticini alfredo... oh man, was this food good! I walked away patting my stretched tummy, and felt like a very blessed man.Seriously... I want more of their Gnocchi. I didn't get enough. The prices were also very moderate, since we got out of there - with drinks and appitizer - for $20 each.Hint: If the weather is nice, ask to be seated outside against the street side - and you can see the hillside near the incline. It's a nice view, and great if you have as large group too!
1	This place was a shambles. OK, so it was Labor Day, but if you are going to give most of the staff the night off, then do not take lots of reservations and tell everybody that comes in it is a 10 minute wait.Having been told that it would be a 10 - 15 minute wait, 30 minutes later we where still sitting around, twiddling our thumbs. We were then told that some other party of three had taken our spot. When we finally got seated we then sat for another 15 minutes before a waiter came over. He did at least apologise and said he thought another waiter was taking care of us. We stopped him mid welcoming speech and ordered a large pizza, that was supposed to feed four or more. The three of us finished it quickly and were still hungry. The toppings were sparse and totally missing on some pieces.I would not come back here.
5	Good chain.  I think its different and you can expect the same menu at all the locations.  I like the one in Station Square because it is multiple floors.  Take a walk around and try the garlic "bread"
5	What a pleasant surprise!  Looking for a place to eat in Pittsburgh and the hotel staff at the Hilton directed our group of teachers (from Maryland) here and supplied the free shuttle from the hotel.  The atmosphere was nice (though the table next to ours was a bit loud).  Food was excellent and huge portions, even though we ordered off the single-serve menu, rather than the family style, because we had to have itemized receipts for our expense accounts.  I got eggplant parmigiana and it was the best I've ever had. I couldn't even eat the spaghetti that came with it as the serving was huge!  Other diners in the group were pleased with their choices as well.  We shared an appetizer sampler that consisted of calamari, shrimps, and mozzarella.  I didn't taste the cheese, but the rest was quite good.  Our server was excellent and attended to every detail.  When faced with the task of five separate bills and the complications that go along with that, she smiled and treated us like celebrities.This is the funny part--the walls of Buca di Beppo are plastered with pictures of all sizes and shapes.  At first, nothing seems out of the ordinary.  But on closer examination, some pictures reveal strange little inconsistencies that cause one to do a double-take.  For example, Mona Lisa topless!  Needless to say, we had quite a few laughs over these.  My personal favorite was a little Easter Bunny--or so it appeared on first glance.  I'll leave the rest up to you... Go and enjoy.
5	Came back, and I'd write the exact same review all over again.Now pass me the potato gnocchi, please. And as for Tony P's issue, sorry Tony - but go marry yourself that British chic and bring her back here for some good Gnocchi and Chianti! I'll buy if you do!
3	So I'm reading the previous reviews... and Buca di Beppo is a little gem?! I'm not sure I agree with that. First of all, it's not little. Secondly, it's a pretty decently known chain restaurant, so it wouldn't really be a gem in the sense that it is something to be discovered. Either way, this chain does have its value. Buca has become a regular place for celebratory dinners with my co-workers. We've been here a few times, but only on weekdays when it is pretty empty and easy to get a big table. The prices are pretty fair for a big group, especially after you split the meal, the drinks, and the check. The family style meal is also really fun for a big group. I like that it is a casual restaurant that allows for a dinner group to be loud and rowdy. As for the food, you can definitely find better and more unique Italian food at other restaurants. At Buca, the food is just mass produced on big plates so that everyone can eat like a family. Everything I've ever tried is good enough. Oh, and definitely get the sangria... it adds to the fun night for sure, plus it's tasty.
3	While I AM a snob when it comes to chain restaurants - generally HATE them - and am a champion of the locally owned business, I actually enjoy eating at Buca Di Beppo at Station Square. I haven't an ounce of shame about this. Eating here is FUN. The decor is Italian-American kitsch on crack - every nook, cranny, and square inch of wall space is filled with some fabulously tacky knickknack, souvenir, gilt reproduction of Michelangelo's David, vintage family photo, or 8 x 10 glossy of Gina Lollobrigida and Connie Francis. And, honestly, any restaurant that has a table with a rotating head of the pope as its centerpiece can serve me a TV dinner in a tin tray and I'll be THRILLED. The food is better than that, though. It's not the best Italian food in town, or even the second or third best, but it's good enough. Entrees are served family style, so you have to share, and that's part of the fun too. It's super-crowded on the weekends, but if you can get a group together some week night, I promise it'll be good times. Service is s-l-o-w, so get comfortable and have another glass of wine.
2	I feel like this place is more about the kitsch factor than the food.  It's made to look like your Italian-American grandmother's house, with pictures and knick knacks all over the wall a la Applebee's.  There are family characters and witty sayings all over the (huge) menu.That's all well and good, but the food is nothing special.  We shared calamari (warning: they serve the rings AND the tentacles.  Don't order this if you're tentacle squeamish.) and the big pasta sampler of all their baked specialties--the stuffed shells were pretty good, lot of fennel and sausage, but other than that I just didn't get any big flavors from the meal.Honestly, the advertisements for Italian supermarket brands (cheese, sauce, etc.) in the menu made me wish that I had cooked an Italian meal for myself at home because quite frankly, I can do better than Buca.
1	I had to give it one star to post but no stars for the Station Square location would be overrated.  The worst food, bar none, that I have ever been served.  I have consulted yelp on many occasions but only now felt a need to forewarn my fellow diners: Avoid this place. We ordered a salad which was the only passable substance that was placed on our table.  The pasta marinara was overcooked cheap pasta with something like undrained pureed tomatoes for sauce.  It was literally floating in half a bowl of water.We also ordered Chicken Marsala which came in a sauce that tasted like something between molasses and maple syrup.  That might fly on bacon or breakfast sausage but chicken and mushrooms?  Yikes.The only high point was a reduction of about 90% on the bill after complaining.  Five stars to our waiter, he definitely did all he could to please us.
4	How can you go wrong with Buca Di Beppo's? The food here is unbelievable and the portions are enormous. I guess that's why you can only order the pasta plates for groups of 2 or 4. But in reality, there's prob enough food there for 4-6 people. The pasta is cooked very nicely and the sauces are delicious. This location was packed every time I went so I would suggest putting in a reservation during the dinner hours.
4	food is good, service is A+ and it was quick and easy to get across the river to the hockey game.
5	Food was amazing.  There was lots, but quality did not suffer.  Wait staff professional and helpful.  I can't wait to take my wife and family!
4	Who doesn't love Italian food? (If you don't, just go with it.) I'm definitely a fan of Buca's food, not their service. Even on a slow night, everything takes forever. I know that every time I want to eat at Buca's, I'll have to prepare myself for the monologue from the waitress. If it involved their food specials, I'd be fine with it. Instead, I'm borderline harassed to fill out a card. No thanks. The only other issue I had was when they ran out of mozzarella.They. Ran. Out. Of. Mozzarella.I'm pretty sure I asked the waitress to repeat herself seeing as how mozzarella was on every single dish I wanted to order. I pressed on. I mean, it's common for an Italian restaurant to be out of a main ingredient, right? ...Anyway, as far as the food, I'm a fan. I always order their stuffed mushroom appetizer, which could very well be an entree. Also, I make sure to share a dish with someone because there's no way one person could polish off all that pasta. (If you can and do, congrats!) I've never been disappointed with their food. I try a new dish every time I go, which isn't normal for me, but I know the menu's descriptions are accurate.Some dishes I enjoy: Ravioli al Pomodoro, Spicy Chicken Rigatoni, Linguine Frutti di Mare, Gnocchi al Telefono, and Chicken Carbonara.
2	Had the spicy chicken rigatoni, and it was delicious.  The sauce to pasta ratio was too high, so if we lived in the area, we'd have taken the leftovers and could have eaten two more meals by adding some extra pasta.The service was terrible.  We ate here the night before running the Pittsburgh half marathon.  The place was busy, but there were a few empty tables around us.  Our waitress took at least 20 minutes to do everything.  Twenty minutes before our order was taken, 20 more minutes before we got our drinks.  Half an hour to bring us dessert, and yet another 20 minutes to get our check, and almost half an hour to take our credit card.  We were at the table for over 2.5 hours.  She was almost never in the room, so we're not sure what she was doing, but it was some of the worst service we've had in quite some time.
2	Not impressed. I've had authentic Italian and just because it is served as such, does not mean that the quality is that. I was so unimpressed.
4	If you come here, you better come here hungry.  This is a great Italian place.  You gotta come here with friends and family to make it worth while.  All of the plates are set up family style, so be ready to share... just like at mamma house!Our college's Italian Club came here for a night on the town.  The place was very accommodating.  We got a private room and a few servers to make sure our experience was as good as it could be.  The service was pretty good for a party of 18 on a busy Saturday night.  The waitress actually mistakenly gave us extra platters of cheesecake, but believe me we did not mind.The food was delicious.  Chicken Parmesan was my favorite, but the meatballs were a pretty close second.  Bread with oil and salads made a great antipasta for us.  All of the pastas the place made for us were pretty good too.  I mean nothing compares to my mom and grandma's, but the food was pretty good.  Like I said, the chicken  parmesan and meatballs were really good.The waitresses brought us some cheesecake for dessert.  Ehhhh it was alright.  We did not get to choose our desserts individually.  If we did, I probably would have went for the cannoli, but hey, the cheesecake wasnt too terrible.  My suggestion is try something else on the dessert menu.All in all it was a great time.  One of the best atmospheres to eat dinner at if you have a big group.  So, if you are looking for a place to celebrate something with a group of people or you just wanna go indulge in massive amounts of food, come to Buca.
3	I wonder when the interior designers snuck into my Gramma's house and got the ideas for the interior of these restaurants? They have all the knick-knacks that every Italian household had. I still remember every room had a picture of Jesus, one whole wall of my Gramma's kitchen was decorated with calenders, why you ask? They were colorful, and everyone from banks, to churches to the local funeral parlor gave them out at Christmas time, they were a cheap way to decorate, no lie! Italians loved colorful little things that they could put everywhere, and this is what you get at Buca di Beppo.The food's not bad either, I had a dish that was pasta with a delicious plumb tomato and fresh herb sauce. I swear the "single" serve lunch special was a pound and a half of pasta and easily twelve ounces of sauce. Was it authentic? Nah, not in the least. Was it good? Damn right it was, fresh herbs kick the flavors of everything up. The waiter started off the lunch by bringing over a few baskets of warm bread, and "making" a dipping "sauce" as we called it back in the day. he mixed some olive oil, dried herbs and balsamic vinegar on a plate, we all dug in!  Gramma would cut her home made bread and heat up a little olive oil with smashed garlic, add salt and pepper and we'd dip our bread into it for an authentic Italian lunch. We'd also have dried salami, chunks of Romano cheeses and fresh fruit with wine. That's the way we used to eat back when I was growing up with my "Little Gramma". Buca also has giant meatballs, lasagna, ravioli, and a pretty darn good looking sicilian style pizza done only with flesh mozzerella, and fresh basil on a bed of simple sauce. Come hungry and be prepared to take home lots of doggie bags.
4	Huge portions, tasty food. The wait staff was friendly too.
3	New menu with the Pittsburgh restaurant on the cover.  Large portions usually. Ordered the small Veal Parmigiana and it was definitely smaller than before.  I think they shrunk their portions.  Also it came with ham on it.  Not typical for the dish.  Bowl of Pasta was not as tasty as before.  Must be a new chef.  I usually go around 8PM on a weeknight and service is hit or miss.  I received my appetizer tonight way before I received my iced tea. Refills were slow.  I finally told the waitress to bring me a pitcher.  Have had Chicken Marsala before and it was very good.  Lasagna also is very good. I'm not a fan of their Caesar salads.  Fun place to go with a group.
1	Coming from out of town, but have Buca's in my home town, and I have to say, NOT IMPRESSED. - Iffy service- Portions over the top- Drinks never refilled- Servers not knowledgeable AT ALL about their menu.But this confirms that ALL the Buca di Beppo's suck.
2	I am NOT a restaurant snob.  In general I think Buca is great, with decent food, big portions, and a fun atmosphere to hang out with friends.But the service at this particular location was pretty bad.  We stopped by to get lunch before a Pirates game, but the place was packed and the line was really long.  We tried again for dinner after the game, and again the wait was very long.  We only got a table right away by being one of the few groups willing to sit on the patio after a very hot day out in the sun.Our pitcher of sangria came pretty quickly, but we had to spend a good ten minutes staring at it longingly before we got any glasses we could use to actually drink it.  We never got any bread, which I'm pretty sure they automatically serve to every table, right?  None of our drinks were ever refilled (not even the water, which sort of sucked; see above about spending the previous 4 hours in bleacher seats in direct sun).  Our food came after a pretty long wait, and was typical Buca food- tasty by my standards, anyway!  We ordered dessert, but our brownie sundae had no brownies.  That was a pretty big letdown, let me tell you.Mostly I felt bad for the servers.  It's not like they were just standing around while we waited for food, they were constantly running back and forth and looked really stressed.  There was a big group at the table next to us (a bachelorette party, I think) and they didn't get several of their dishes until well after everyone else at their table had finished eating.  Understandably they sent them back.  Between running to serve all of her tables and trying to apologize to this angry group about a problem that wasn't even her fault, their poor waitress was in tears by the time we left.From my experience and other reviews, it seems like they are chronically understaffed.  It is a very busy location in a very popular area, and it sounds like the management has not gotten that memo.  The end result is that the customers end up entertaining themselves while they wait for their food by chatting with the other tables about how bad the service is.  That WAS at least entertaining, but not exactly the reason I stopped by.
1	Buca, Buca, Buca, I get you ... I see what you're aiming for and I respect that.But the next time you serve me what was clearly pre-made lasagna that is now back to room temperate cold because it is the first thing you reheated before making all the other food items ordered, we're going to have a big problem.  Dry pasta, barely any cheese (none of it melted), and bland meat that felt more like filler than an actual entree.We got there and were seated promptly.  Service was good up until a party of 10 showed up down the hall and then we were the forgotten table all by ourselves in one of the sections.The whole thing tasted and felt boxed and pre-made.  Nothing was genuine nor fresh.  Even the dessert ... I could taste freezer burn on the ice cream and the whipped topping ... the brownie was just chalky.  Bland!!!...I usually spend more time on reviews, but I just don't have much to say.  The pricing does not meet up to the food quality.  The service is 50-50 based on how busy they are.  And overall...there's several better Italian offerings in this City....would I return?  Maybe, if enough folks in our group voted for it.
1	Very poor service for an expensive meal!  Portions are small for what they say feeds 2 or more.  Waited forever for service.  Was not offered bread, had to ask.  Food was not what I am accustomed to at our local Italian place.  Very below par.  Do not get calamari, rubbery and again small portion for $10.99.  Oh yeah, the place is filthy!  Skip this one!  Better off saving a few bucks and enjoying your meal at Olive Garden!
4	Food was good, my wife and I had the bruschetta(tomatoes, onion, basil) real basic but good. We shared the manicotti. Family style for 2 was 4 pieces. Layered on top marinara sauce then covered with alfredo. With two 14oz beers, and a peach Bellini(champagne cocktail. It was under 60 dollars. Are server was Melanie she was very good and helpful and knowledgable . Overall good experience and we will return!!
3	We loved the food! - Service and seating not so good...First the food!: - We ordered the Mixed Green Salad with fresh lettuce blend tossed with the signature Italian vinaigrette, red onions, pepperoncini peppers and black and green olives.**Spice up your salad with prosciutto and Gorgonzola cheese. Terrific!  -We split the Chick en Cannelloni Pasta tubes stuffed with chicken, spinach, ricotta and mozzarella cheeses with a hint of lemon zest and nutmeg, baked on a bed of rosa sauce. Delicious!! Couldn't get enough.  The meal came with bread and butter.  -Definintely great food this visit.  We will be back to try other dishes.Second, the annoying parts: - Went on a Saturday evening and with no wait time at all, we were directed to a booth up on the third floor (the hostess was kind enough to point out the restrooms on the second floor through the kitchen because I'd never have guessed). Once we sat on the seat we realized this was a broken seat and moved over to a booth that was a bit more comfortable. They need to go over the dinning areas and spruce up the seating and some of the little details of comfort. Third floor was loud and noisy with everyone trying to hear and talk over the other customers (ugg!).-our waiter was a 'just there' good old boy.  Nice, but not at all attentive nor did he really understand wine ordering.  We did not get any water, and we had ordered a 9 oz. craft of wine and had to wait until we were half done eating to get a 'Bottle' of wine!.  We told him we didn't order a bottle but a craft and I watched from my seat while he poured the whole bottle into a huge glass craft which was not even on the menu!  By now we had completed over half of our meal and were dying of thirst so we simply poured out 2 glasses of wine and had him take back the rest. Overall we enjoyed the meal and will go back but try for a different spot to eat, and make sure we point to the menu for everything we are ordering, and ask for water First Thing!~
3	After 8 of us arrived 10 minutes early for our 7 o'clock reservation, we were told that our table required a minimum of 10 people to be seated. Waitstaff rushed around, managers (and even cooks) came out to update us on the status of our table and at 7:40, we were finally seated... on the chilly patio.It took a while for our waitress to arrive to take orders, but one of the cooks was nice enough to send out 3 appetizers gratis for our long wait time. Food appeared in a decent amount if time and it was standard Buca fare. There was enough to feed an army, with a ton of leftovers to take home.We frequent this location every year around the first of October and most likely will be back in 2013. Hopefully next time it won't be so hard to get a seat!
1	So, I went to Buca di Beppo a couple of months ago as I was in P-burgh for a meeting.  I hadn't eaten since the morning and was very hungry and thought I would drop in for an early dinner.  Bad idea.I came in alone and not with a group and I came in early.  Not really their target demographic; however, they had no idea what to do with me.  So what did they do with me?  The put me in some back room near a kitchen.  Just me, some gangster memorabilia, big band music... and an empty room near the kitchen.  I eventually found a server and told him that I would eat at the bar, you know, where there are other people...They let me order off the lunch menu, that was nice, so I ordered a lunch portion spaghetti.  Another bad idea.  The spaghetti sauce was terrible, tasted like catsup, the pasta was "old" and seemed like it had been in the refrigerator for a couple of days and the meatball tasted like they walked over to McDonalds and asked for some hamburger meat.I realize that Buca really isn't structured to serve the one-man early-dinner customer.  And that is another drawback.  The place is located in a business center area.  They need to know who their potential customers are.The Station Square location is kind of odd, it is tucked in by the river between the tunnels.  However, just walk across that cool bridge and find a local place across the river in the down town area.  Avoid Buca unless you are with a big group and want a pasta-heavy meal.  Actually, there are Italian restaurants across the river or further up Carson.  Just avoid Buca.Not going back to Buca, in any city.Aside, P-burgh is a cool town and I can't wait for my next trip back.
5	Fantastic place for us to have a rehearsal dinner.  Shari Curcio went out of her way to be sure everything was set and ready to go when we arrived.  We wanted a restaurant where out-of-town guests could mix and mingle, yet wasn't too stuffy.  This is the place.  We were placed in an upstairs room, away from the crowd and noise...we made our own noise and didn't have to worry about bothering anyone else.  Space was a bit tight, but it still allowed us to visit with everyone attending the dinner.  Food was good and plentiful.  Kept coming...and coming...and coming.  We had plenty to eat and plenty in left-overs.  The left overs were individually boxed for those attending to take home if they wished.  Our servers were attentive and never left us looking for them; they were ready when we needed them.  Thanks Buca for a wonderful evening.
4	Thank god this Buca has the old menu!Linguine with meat sauceVeal Parmesan Fried CheeseI love their fried cheese, it doesn't look or taste like it came from the Sam's Club freezer. Their Veal Parmesan is also amazingly good for a chain restaurant. It comes out crisp even though it is covered with sauce. I don't make it hear very often due to the abundance of local restaurants in the city, but when it gets late or I am close I have no issue stopping by.
3	1893 Salad is back and is awesome!  Iceberg lettuce with italian dressing with a ton of olives, peppers, salami, tomatoes, cucumbers and feta.  If you don't like olives they will leave it off.   Calamari is small portion for Buca standards.  Fried and usually on the crispier side.  Service is definitely hit or miss. I go on a pretty regular basis.  You can order off the lunch menu at dinner for smaller portions.  For example the Chicken Parmesan with pasta is $9.99 while a small without pasta is $23.
1	Very bad this time. Came last week by myself and the food & service was decent. Came back tonight and was just plain horrible. Had to wait for a table when there were clearly some available. Took 20 mins to get an iced tea refill. Ordered the Steak Milanese and it looked like someone threw up on the plate. The meat was over cooked and chewy. Told the waitress and she called the manager who took another 15 mins to come to our table. He was very nice and took care of this part of half the bill. But the waitress looked like she hated being at her job and took forever to get the bill after the manager came by. Not to mention the table of screaming kids next to us. Very bad experience, but only in town for business.
2	Been coming here for years and we used to LOVE to spend lots of money.   Well, not anymore.   The management messed up our reservation, lied about it and then stuck us in a hole in the back of a room and it was literally 100 degrees.  We dont come here for the food, which is just mediocre, we come for the atmosphere, and as stated before, that was ruined by a messed up reservation. Had conversation with DVP and he explained what transpired and took full blame for botched reservation and how whole situation was handled.
4	Waiter was awesome! Experience was fun but highly overpriced for what you get! Everything was good, but honestly I feel like I could make this in my kitchen. Some may like that aspect, but I didn't care too much for it! Huge place! Great location!
1	This restaurant serves "Italian" food to those who have never been to Italy. The food is mediocre at best, the quantity is overwhelming (designed with huge families of overweight people in mind) and espresso tastes like instant coffee. The decor is done in incredibly poor taste even for a "family" restaurant. Definitely avoid.
1	Tonight I went to this location.  I have been there at least 20 times over the past 2+ years since I travel to Pittsburgh a lot.  Some times I have good meals/service and sometimes bad meals but I like being able to get the lunch-sized Chicken Pamesan for dinner.   Tonight was a disaster.  I ordered my usual lunch chicken parmesan and a small 1893 salad without olives, feta and peppers.  40 minutes later I got my meal with the chicken on top of the spaghetti on top of a lot of oil and a salad with everything with little lettuce.  It was the sorriest sight. I complained about the length of time and was told a large party of 35 ordered right before me.  I told the manager, Laura, that someone should have told me that I would have to wait a long time.  She said the waiter wouldn't know.  Obviously the kitchen staff would know.  Cmon Tuesday night after 8:30 shouldn't have that wait.  Why didn't they bring the salad out first.  She had the audacity to not pick-up my $25 meal but offer to pay for a $10.95 entree when I have a $10 coupon.  I declined because it was an insult.  Walking out I mentioned about the salad being wrong and she said my original waitress didn't communicate correctly to my replacement waiter.  Obviously the manager needs training too because she didn't know how to handle a disgruntled guest when her restaurant was at fault.  My waiter didn't even bring me out a plate for my salad or the usual bread. I had to beg for a water refill.  I told her that I was so upset I couldn't even enjoy my meal. Previous issues that I will add here..... burnt appetizers, burnt food, long time for meals, horrible service, incorrect orders, no silverware for carryout - being told the manager had the utensils locked up in the safe so that's why I had to wait almost 30 minutes for my meal to be wrapped up.  So you ask why do I go back.  Many times I have had great food and service - Thank you Gina for your service in the past.  With too many choices I won't be back.
3	The fried calamari was pretty good. However, personally, I think the pastas were okay. We ordered Lasagna, Chicken Proscuitto, and Spicy shrimp pasta. I liked the Spicy Shrimp Pasta the most.
3	Heard back from the divisional Vice President who was responsible for this restaurant.  I appreciate the follow-up and concern.  He plans to talk to the employees.  He invited me back at his expense.  Thank you.
4	Food was great.Service was awesome.Price was right.
3	Service was excellent. Ambience was...unique. Food was good. Not amazing, but good. We had no problem putting a dent in the giant plates of pasta. I recommend the chicken prosciutto. I'm always happy when my family of 4 (2 young kids) can eat dinner and not complain!
5	i felt like i was going back in time to the 50's or earlier......it looked so authentic, they really put some time into this place. i really felt like i was going into some old house converted into a restaurant.even down to the hair tonic and combs in the medicine cabinet in the bathroom.and you WALK THROUGH THE KITCHEN to get to the bathroom. i thought it was the coolest thing i've ever seen.the prices are high....but the portions make up for it.the italian heroes on the wall in pictures was a cool touch as well.
5	Coming all the way from San Antonio Tx. This place was awesome. Great food, friendly staff. I'm hoping to come back.
2	This place is not a "true" Italian restaurant, but it is a true Italian-American restaurant. After you eat here, you feel very heavy and full. After eating a true Italian meal, you'd feel full but very satisfied. The food is served family style, so multiple portions come on one plate-so hopefully you and the rest of your friends like the same things. I don't like the decorations on the wall. Just pictures upon pictures of people and objects. It looks like a Spaghetti Warehouse. The waitress we had was very nice, but her shirt was really dirty, which somewhat concerned me. The food was much better the second time that I came here. There are coupons that you can sign up for, and I suggest that you do. The food items are not cheap.
1	Please, for the love of all that is holy and good in the world do not step foot in this restaurant. Wait, "restaurant" is a misnomer.  A better description is "dirty tourist trap"Where should I begin? Let's talk about the decorations. They suck. The place looks like the home of an acid-tripping mobster diagnosed with pathological hoarding.  It also smells like a Chuck e. Cheese ball pit.What next? Let's talk about the service. The waiter looked like she had just butchered a cow when she took our order. And no, this is not a cool organic farm to table thing, she literally was covered in bits of meat and pasta sauce. Her tie kept dragging in our food too. Now, the food. There are a couple of reviews the point out the portions are large. I agree that they are large, but would suggest that they are large in the sense that a pig eats a large amount of food at a pig trough. And the food actually doesn't taste much better than pig slop. Actually, this is offensive to pigs.  I assume pig slop is reasonably priced, this is actually not.  The "large" portions are just because they fill the plates with cheap, bland, pasta.Finally, I saw in other negative reviews that the manager kindly reached out to the reviewer and offered to fix grievances. I sincerely hope the manager does not try to contact me.  You could not pay me to go back there. The only way to fix our grievances would be to burn the place down to the ground.
2	Cluttered and messy.  Cold food. Undercooked pasta. Not enough food ( if you order family style) and poor beer selection. The bartender had one other person at the bar, and we tried to order a pitcher of sangria and for 5 minutes he never addressed us. Our regular server was nice, but that didn't make up for the rest of it.  It's the food that matters most but this is where they fell short.
2	Based on decor, I think the intent is you feel you are dining at Nona's house.  Given the overwhelming stench of mildew, moisture, and feeling of dampness, you feel like you're dining in Nona's kitschy basement dungeon/kitchen, and Nona is having issues with water and her foundation.Seriously wtf.  I knew they used space heaters to heat the restaurant in the Winter, but something is seriously wrong and likely unsafe with thier building.  My friends wanted to stay an eat, so against my better judgement I had lunch and considered it multi tasking -- eating and inhaling toxic mold spores at the same time.Our waitress was nice.  I ordered the Pasta Del Sol and my friend had the Chicken Parm.  I also had a wilted, yellowed caesar salad with my pasta but I didn't send it back bc I was starving and obviously down for anything (for eating there in the first place).the pasta del sol was so so, but anything involving carbs cant be too wrong.  The chicken parm was actually VERY good, and it was a relatively inexpensive lunch.I wont be back though, its seriously grody inside and if there are no mold issues they at least need air purifiers thruoghout.  I hope someone from Buca corporate reads this and takes action.
2	we went to this restaraunt the a couple of months ago and it the service was absolutely terrible. I can totally understand being busy and all but nothing excuses how we were treated. Our drinks sat at the bar for a half an hour before they were given to us. Our server was too casual, I don't mind someone with some confidence, but don't talk to me like we've been friends for years: "sup guys?" Also, he didn't have his own pen, my friend had to give him one of ours and he totally forgot to put in one of the entrees we ordered. When we called it to his attentuon, he acted like I was lying. He literally said, "I think you guys are lying." He didn't even apologize or anything. We had to wait forever for everything, drinks, meals, dessert and check. Food was so-so, atmosphere was loud and cramped. For families with young kids, it might be ok, but I don't think I'll go back.
1	A mess from top to bottom.We walked in at 8:00.  Slovenly host, slurping on a soda and chewing the ice.  Ten minute wait, but when we were actually seated, most of the tables around us were empty.The place was a mess -- unbussed tables and the nearby bar counter was loaded up with dirty glassware, some of which came crashing down at one point.  Servers were tossing silverware and dishes into a dirty collection area right next to our table.Servers ambled through the place like characters from a slacker movie.  It took about 15 minutes for our server to come to the table and he appeared drunk, slurring his words and couldn't seem to walk straight.Ordered.  Another 15 minutes to get our drinks.The big bowl of green salad came and it was green all right -- practically nothing but iceberg lettuce.The final straw was when two kids sat down at the next table and our server sat down with them.  They were obviously friends and carried on a conversation that would be more appropriate for a gogo bar.Abort.  I found the manager and said we wanted the check.  He had a besieged look on his face and was hardly surprised.  Seemed like he had seen it all before.  He took our drinks off, we paid and left.It's too bad because I love the concept of family-style Italian dining and remember some good meals I had at this place years ago.
3	I've been here twice, once on a date and once when my parents visited me last year.  I'd describe the fare as typical mediocre, chain-type Italian-style, except that the portioning is family-style (intended to be shared between 2-6 others).  The first time, I had the veggie lasagna, and the second time, I had the manicotti.  It's definitely filling, but not the most flavorful stuff I've ever eaten.  The meal comes with bread, and on my second trip, I ordered the cannoli, which was also solidly okay.  This is one of the less expensive options in Station Square, and it's a good place to take picky eaters (such as my folks), should you happen to be in the vicinity.  Needless to say, better-quality, more authentic Italian fare can be found elsewhere in PGH.The decor is...interesting.  The menu explains that the name of the restaurant means "Joe's basement," hence the copious bric-a-brac and lack of windows.  The bathroom is right next to the kitchen, so you can grab a peek at what's going on back there.  Service was decent on both visits.
5	It's a little different since it is family style serving.  Not use to have to agree with my husband on what to order lol.  But, wow great food huge servings.  Nice staff.  Would definitely recommend the stuffed shells.
3	I visited the station square location (the second time I ever visited a Buca di Beppo period) this past saturday for my bf's niece's 18th birthday late lunch/early dinner. I expected it to be on par with Olive Garden (which I'm not a fan of the "commercialized" Italian places) but I agreed with the reasoning behind going here-we were a party of 11, the food is family style, and there should be enough variety ordered for everyone. I was actually pleasantly surprised by the entire experience. First I will say, we should have been seated elsewhere. We were, again a party of 11, that was cramped into the back corner of the basement (near the bar), and anytime someone had to get up to use the restroom, there would be a lot of shuffling and getting up amongst everyone. Considering it was 3pm, it was not crowded at all and we could have been sat elsewhere. Our server, Cody, was very efficient-constantly refilling drinks, getting new plates,etc. For appetizers we ordered:the artichoke florentine dip,the fried calamari,the stuffed mushrooms, and the mozzarella garlic bread. In particular, the stuffed mushrooms were excellent (the sage and rosemary flavors were very prevalent) as was the artichoke dip. This was just enough food to satisfy until the entrees arrived. For salads we ordered an apple gorgonzola salad ,which was excellent but is very commonplace at restaurants currently, and a mixed greens salad. As for entrees: the prosciutto stuffed chicken, the veal marsala (my favorite-the sauce was sweeter than a typical marsala and paired excellently with the veal),chicken and sausage ziti (the sausage had a little surprising kick to it although it was supposed to be the mild sausage),spaghetti with meatballs ( I did not sample this but looked basic minus the gigantic meatballs),vegetable lasagna (I did not partake in this either),stuffed shells (I particularly enjoyed the sausage in them). We did bring our own dessert so I cannot comment on that either but I will say my expectations were far exceeded with the quality of the food since this is a "chain restaurant". Our party also got a kick out of the decor!
1	You can't be bothered to bring us water or ask for our order or even stop by at all for 15 minutes? Seriously? Then you seat other people and offer them drinks? Um yeah, no. The service was intolerable, and I'm writing this as we walk back to our car. Off to find local Italian!
4	Love this place. Wish they had larger drinking glasses for the sangria. The sangria was good.  The portions are huge. The apple gorgonzola salad is delicious. We had cheesy bread, salad, stuffed chicken breast and seafood linguine. Loved everything. Got a gift card at Costco. $74.99 for a $100 gift card. That's my kind of deal. The place was clean and the staff is friendly. They weren't crowded we went during the week.
5	Yum! I love Buca. I know it's nothing fancy but it's homey and delicious. I love the salad with Gorgonzola and craisins. They have great pasta and their garlic cheesy bread is not for the faint of heart. So much garlicky goodness. Can't wait to go back.
2	Went to Buca to try the one of the new winning recipes that were on Ty Pennington's restaurant show.  Could only order one of the 2 - the gnocci were not made in house & were not recommended.  The zucchini pasta was ordered.  This was supposed to have ribbons of zucchini & pasta tossed in a garlic basil cream sauce with roasted graped tomatoes & basil chiffonade & cheese on top.  The zucchini ribbons were not visible & garlic basil cream sauce was just an alfredo sauce.  Overall taste was good - but not what was offered on the menu.  If I hadn't watched the tv show & saw how this dish was prepared ( twice actually) - I wouldn't know any better.  I guess that I will have to make this myself if I want to taste the real dish.
