4	Philly's Famous has a banner out in front of the restaurant touting, "WORLD'S BEST CHEESE STEAK"Now I don't have cheese steak very often.  In Boston they're not even called cheese steaks or hoagies they are grinders or more specifically "grine-dahs".  So this is the first cheese steak I've had since moving to AZ.  The cheese steak comes default with a "red sauce" which I declined.  I've only eaten in Philadelphia a few times so I have no idea if authentic "Philly Cheese Steaks" come with some kind of red sauce.  I like mine with cheese, grilled onions, peppers and mushrooms.  The peppers they put on the sandwich were slightly sweet pickled peppers, picked personally by the peck by Peter Piper.  This was a pretty good sandwich.  Not the world's best, probably not even Arizona's best.  Maybe Chandler's best?  Unequivocally,"BEST CHEESE STEAK WITHIN 1 MILE OF THE INTERSECTION OF ALMA SCHOOL AND RAY RD!"
5	I love this place.   After living in the Philly area for a couple of years you can come to appreciate the way these sandwiches taste.    Yes, they push the cheese steaks, and they are pretty good.   To me they are a bit light on the meat but tasty.   My 2 favorite sandwiches in the place are the Buffalo Chicken Cheese Steaks and the Italian Hoagie.    First, let me tell you bout the buffalo chicken cheese steak.  It is a good sized portion of spicy chicken in a sandwich with cheese.  It is beyond tasty.   It is outstanding!  The Italian Hoagie is tremendous.   They pack this sandwich with meat, and it is truly the same taste that you can get in any Philly Deli.   Not an easy task to emmulate this here in AZ as many other east coasters can attest to.   The place is  a small mom and pop deal.  People are friendly and it appears that many of the staff are family members.   You can always count on a warm friendly greeting and a smile.   Great food, friendly staff.   What is not to like?
2	Don't believe the sign out front. While it is an OK cheese steak, it's definitely not the world's best. I had to ask for cheese whiz, and it really wasn't that flavorful.  Bread was fresh, and they are made to order, but I would compare it to Steak Escape at the mall and a little overpriced.  The service is extremely friendly though, I will give that 5 stars, but my money will be better spent elsewhere.
5	We live in Chandler, so we get take out here probably once a month. My husband is from the east coast and in both his and my opinion, these are the best cheesesteaks around! We love their spicy peppers (they are hot!) and while I am not really a cheesesteak fan, their chicken cheesesteak sandwiches are fabulous! The owners are hard working and really appreciate all of their customers and let you know it! We have been eating here for three years now and have never had a bad experience.
3	An okay cheesesteak , definitely not the "Worlds Best" as the sign says. I think next time I will try a hoagie. I've had the Cheesesteaks with gravy (red sauce) which they recommend and it was pretty good. I'm really a Cheez Whiz fan and they did offer it the 2nd time I visited but it didn't taste as good as others I've had. Not sure it was even real Cheez Whiz or just hard to tell cause they didn't put much on. I like it smothered! Not as good as the ones they have at the Suns games. Overall , they were very friendly so I will go back because it's close by. Also nice pics of historical Philadelphia buildings on the walls. I agree with the other reviewer. Probably "best cheesesteak at Alma School and Ray" would be a more appropriate sign.
1	The people there are great.  The cheesesteak is pretty good and Rita is the best sandwich maker.  Her girls are very hard workers and very friendly,, always greet you with a smile and hello.  I go there often and have cashed in on many free cheesesteaks(punchcard).  Only twice have I had minor complaints.  Last time her husband charged me for extra cheese for some reason and all I did was read what was on the cheesesteak from the menu.  It says "interlaced with lots of melted white American cheese" and he charged me extra.  Keep him at home.  Forget the fries too,, I hate getting the end of the bag.
4	Lived next to this place for years and never tried it. I have been missing out! Philly's are killer better than I have had in Philadelphia. No kidding. Beyond that they are so nice. I mean treat you like family nice. Great diverse menu and all the Philly cheese steak fixins imaginable.I'm hooked on the mushroom chicken steak with onions and whiz. Try it out!*btw - it says 'formal' attire.... this is NOT the case. What philly cheese steak place only serves you in a suit/tie. psh!
5	Have been looking for a good cheese steak since moving out here 5 years ago.  Lot's of people tell me they love Uncle Sam's and don't care what anyone else has to offer.  Check out my review on that.  Anyway.  This place is great.  Great food, great service, decent prices.  I have to be honest, I have only tried it once, but I have been daydreaming about it ever since.  I tend to be a Plain Jane with my subs.  Give me the basics and I'm happy.  So my review is based on meat, cheese, and bread.  Thats all.  Oh and the service which was awesome.  Very friendly, attentive.  I even saw a guy walk in and ask for water.  They gave him a cup for free and he got it from the soda machine.  They have a "back east" atmosphere inside which was like walking into a sub shop back home.Um and formal attire?  Really?  It's a sub shop people.
3	I went here looking for a TRUE philly cheese steak, I don't feel they have accomplished it. Their "cheese whiz" was not really cheese whiz. The red sauce they put on the sandwiches is not bad. Definitely not world's best as advertised, but good all the same.
5	I'm not an expert on philly's by any means, don't eat them all that often these days, but I was in the mood one day.  I enjoyed their standard philly, very fresh bread, piping hot abundant fillings, good tasting.  The fries were very good, sizzling hot and tasty.  As I was eating there I caught a glimpse of their Italian hoagie and knew I had to come back for that, I did, and it was damn good.  I've been back many times and there are a few constants - a good thing these days.  They have a pretty regular crowd and many they know by name, the bread is always nice & fresh, ever so slightly sweet and so soft mmmm.  The fillings are always very fresh too, not a bad spot of lettuce, the tomatoes are nice & red/juicy, fresh onions, cheeses and meats.  And the fries are always hot!I'm a little freaky about how the ingredients are layered and how a sandwich holds up til the end and I've never felt the need to rearrange the tomatoes or shift anything back to the last bite, never had a bread breakout or spill-through.   They pile on the meats & cheeses and they're nice & evenly layered.I stop in fairly regularly because I know what I'll be getting, it'll be good and I feel that the staff truly appreciates my business.  They're very friendly and do things right.  Fortunately for me not a drop of Cheez Whiz around my food!
1	Went in today to get lunch at this place. I walked in and stood there waiting to be acknowledged...not happening. There were several employees that saw me and didn't even acknowledge me. I stood there for approximately two minutes waiting and I turned around and left. No smile, no welcome to Philly's Famous just a blank stare and a conscious avoidance. I won't be back.
5	You want a great Cheese Steak? Philly's Famous is the place!    A small shop with a dozen tables and a real family running the place.  Three generations working together and being together just like the neighbor shops back east.  This is the kinda character we are missing in Arizona.  What odors that have to do with a good cheese steak? Everything!  The daughter takes your order the mother runs the grill this shop is their lives and it just takes one bite of the steaming hot steak to know they care.  The bread is right, it's filled right and the red sauce is excellent.  Enjoy.
5	I love this place! It has solid 4 to 4.5 star food. They make, without doubt, the best Philly I've had east of the Mississippi. And they make it any way your heart desires. My sandwich fave is the Italian Philly. I get it with extra grilled onions and mayo, hold the red sauce. Their french fries are also really tasty. Everything is hot and fresh.So if the food is 4 to 4.5, why the five star review? The staff, flat out. Everyone who works there is family and they seem to think I'm family too. Now we all have dark hair and a somewhat swarthy complexion but I don't remember any of these people at the Thanksgivings of my childhood. Doesn't matter. They treat all their customers as if they're family, and like they're family that's actually loved and missed.If you have the opportunity, try a Philly at Philly's Famous. If you're a Philly fan you'll be really glad you did. Oh, and don't be surprised to pick up some new relatives along the way.
5	I have been back several times and still love it!  This is one of the only two places in the valley I will go to for a Philly cheese-steak.
5	Absolutely the BEST cheesesteak sandwich I've ever had. Mind you, I've never been to Philly, But I've had bad versions here and decent ones. This is the best.  I'm writing this review after my 4th visit, and i have not yet been dissappointed.  I'll  start by saying, as a kid my dad took me to a neighborhood place in Tucson that made great cheesesteak, but ever since, i could never find one quite as good. Any restaurant serving a cheesesteak always seemed to be missing a certain flavor, even when properly decked with peppers, onions, mushrooms.   When I came here the first time I was confused by the "red sauce" they offered.  A cheesesteak with red sauce?  ( was picturing a marinara smothered sandwich)  The very sweet girl on the cashier explained that it was very light and once cooked in you don't see it. So I thought I'd give it a whirl.  Lo and behold! That was the taste, the missing something that all the other so called cheesesteak sandwiches were lacking. Apparently, some places don't mention that it's in there. It's a sorta, "secret ingredient" so if you order your sandwich without it, it may not be quite the same.  The bread was loaded with meat, onions, peppers, mushrooms. The cheese was perfectly melted in.  I swear their idea of 12" was more like 14" or longer yet, but who carries a ruler with them.  Even my dad, who is a big eater couldn't finish his whole 12" and fries.  As for the cheez whiz, to me that is junk that 12 yr olds eat on crackers or squirt right into their mouths being goofy. To me, it has no place in real food.  Even the term "real cheez whiz" sounds like an oxymoron.  So I can't give a fair review on their cheez whiz cheesesteaks, other than I'm glad it wasn't on mine! In short, the food is amazing in taste, quality, and quantity. As for the service? I'd have to go on -- You just won't find that down home friendly, famliy style atmosphere many other places.  Just read Audrey W.'s remarks, and ditto that.   Anyone who says different either caught them on a very rare day, or perhaps has issues of their own. These are solid, darn good people running this place.
4	Their cheesesteak is a must try of you are ever in the area.   Nothing fancy about the sandwich just a good soft roll, good cut of ribeye, and the perfect amount of cheese.
5	This place serves up the best cheese steak sandwich west of the Mississippi. I have lived on the East Coast and would probably admit that their cheese steak is better than anyone I can remember, even in Philly itself (maybe its the bread?).My absolute favorite sandwich is the "Bellyfiller."  This sandwich is a cheese steak sandwich with everything on it.  A month ago, I ordered about twenty mixed sandwiches from Phlly's Famous.  In that order, five of the twenty were the Bellyfiller.  These sandwiches lasted about 30 seconds before being taken!  The staff is great.  The orders are completed even if they have to make a side sandwich (e.g. veggie) for that special someone.In addition, to top it off, the serve Wise potato chips.  Now that is worth noting.The mean price is about $5.50 per 8 inch sandwich.Come by here, it is worth the experience.
4	This is my favorite place for cheese steaks, The staff is beyond nice and greeted me by name the second time I walked in the door. Visiting this place is like going to visit friends. I have gotten to know a few of the family members first names but I still do not know their last name.This is one of the few places that carry Tasty Cakes.It is noisy inside and I wish they had outdoor seating, but it is not so bad to keep me away.Try it out, take a moment and say hi to the staff and ask them what they recommend, By the time you leave, they will make you feel like family too.
4	I never knew this place existed until just the other day.  Finally, I had to give into my urge for Philly and headed down the road to check this place out.  Not very assuming on the outside, I will say.The inside is pretty east coast...In a totally good way.  Not the kind of place you get fawned over it seems (unless you're a regular) but the customer service was certainly nice, and I got the food rather quick.  I tried the cheese steak with red sauce.  It was awesome!  It ain't the cheapest I've ever gotten but it was worth the trip.  I suspect that I will be back!
5	Not only is the cheesesteak great the cold hoagies are just as good. Great fries. Great Mom and Pop shop.
5	I love the cheese steak! The cheese is ooey and gooey throughout the entire sandwich. The bread is so fresh and soft. I ate here the first time 6 years ago and have been back several times since. If you are a regular customer, you are treated like family!
5	Great service and food! Shonell did a wonderful job with our order and was very nice!!! The philly's are on point and are not soggy at all, just right and taste wonderful.
5	I had a craving for a philly cheese steak and I have been here before so I thought I should stop in to see if it is consistant. Conclusion, yes it is! I didn't have to wait long 5-7 mins max and my name was called. I get it with onions and red sauce which I think gives it moisture, otherwise I would think it would be dry and tasteless.   Brought it back to the office and ate it all within 10 mins.People there are really nice and friendly. I will come back here again and again :)
4	Very tasty! Great service. Gets a little crowded at lunch.
4	YUM! Probably the best cheese steak I've had in AZ. The meat melts in your mouth, the flavors (yes I've had them more than once) are distinct for each. Lately I've been craving more of the spicy sandwiches and if you talk to Marc he will hook you up! They have a special spicy sauce that really adds some kick.Marc is the owner of Philly's and he is the nicest man! So willing to cook up anything delicious - and I really like that he tries out new things. Give this place a try, I am definitely a fan.
5	I begin this review by saying that I was born and raised in Philly and lived there for over 30 years. Also let me state that I am a bit of a cheesesteak connoisseur. I've been to most of the places in Philadelphia that you hear about and many more that I'm sure you haven't. I find both Pat's and Geno's (the most popular places in Philly) to be more of a tourist's haunt for a decent taste of a Philly cheesesteak but certainly not the best. In any event Philly's Famous prepares by far the best tasting cheesesteak and hoagie that I've found outside of the mid-atlantic region. You will be very hard pressed to find anything as tasty or authentic in this region of the world. If you live here in AZ and have never had a steak sammich' in Philly then this is without a doubt where you need to go. All of the other local places who boast about having a Philly cheesesteak (not mentioning any names but you know who they are) should have their mouths washed out wit' whiz. In the past every time I would go to one of those places and order a cheesesteak my wife would just shake her head (because she knew that she would have to listen to me complaining about it during and after the meal). Best of all about Philly's Famous is that the folks who work there are terribly friendly and prepare your food with love and attention. A big plus in my book. Finally, if this is your first time be sure to order your cheesesteak without "gravy" (red marinara sauce). In Philly, adding gravy is a variation on the classic cheesesteak known as a "pizza steak", which is a different beast. They seem to add gravy here by default.As a last tidbit, here is my usual: A 12" cheesesteak with fried onions, provolone (no whiz), salt, pepper, ketchup, no gravy and light mayo. That's how I've eaten my steaks for decades. Your choice may vary, but it's a fine starting point.
5	Wow, I can't believe this place has been here for over 5 yrs and I just found it!! Great friendly service, family owned, delicious food. I love how the cook suggested the worcestershire sauce and she was on the spot. I can't wait to come back here again!
5	Best cheesesteaks in the valley! Closest to Philly I've found!
4	Probably one of the better cheesesteaks I have had recently in the Valley.  I have not deviated from the original combo (original cheesesteak, fries, and a drink) from the 3 times that I have gone.  That means I enjoyed it.  They sell Wise chips also.  Friendly staff.
3	Good News: Great italian sub, great cheesesteak. They even carry Tastycakes. Very friendly staff.Bad News: They are not the sharpest family. Watch the chaos that ensues when you place your order. They start screaming to each other and like playing the game whisper down the lane your order changes right in front of your eyes. Double check that they understood your order.
4	Been here many times, and consider it one of the best local places for an authentic Philly cheesesteak.  The Original is always a good bet with delicious combination of melt in your mouth meat, grilled onion and white american cheese, not to mention the bread with just the right amount of chewiness and softness to soak up the juices and not fall apart.  Will keep going back, again and again.  Good job guys!!
5	Why would a vegetarian think to eat here? There's nothing vegetarian on the menu, but it's convenient to my work, so I called to see if I could get something without meat and cheese and they suggested a Veggie Bellybuster. YUMMYYY!!  Grilled peppers, onions, mushrooms, topped with fresh whatever you want, and even the 8" size is more than two handsful. The bun was just right. I've been back several times and every sandwich is made with an interest in my taste for the day. The young woman who's been there every time is a jewel, very friendly, and she has every reason to be proud of the food she's serving.
4	Visted 1/26/13. I was very pleased with this location.  I don't get involved in the arguements about which location is the best for Cheese Steak in Philly.  I just know if it taste good, I am happy. I had the Mushroom/Onion.  I would have liked a litle more cheese.  And I learned after the fact that I think I could have requested Cheese Wiz. Bread was good.  Filled with meat.  And I was very satisfied when I was done. I am adding this location to my list for a quick, GOOD, Cheese Steak.
4	Yay Philly cheesesteaks!  Been craving it all day!Go to place locally for an authentic Philly cheese steak or hoagie.02/01/13.  Back for the second weekend in a row.  Wish I was on this side of town more often.  Tried the Italian Cheesesteak this time and was not disappointed.  Made-to-order piping hot, quality steak with grilled onions and provolone cheese .  No surprise that this place is always busy.  If you haven't been yet, you've gotta try it if you're in the area.
5	I love this place!! They have the best Philly cheesesteak sandwiches around! Make sure to order it with the cheese whiz. Another good sandwich is the original hoagie. It has tons of meat on it!! This place is family run and they treat you like your part of the family.
5	I lived in Philly for almost 40 years before moving to Arizona. I do not miss the weather there but I do miss some of the local food such as waterice, soft pretzels, tastykakes, and cheesesteaks.Fortunately for me, however, I found this friendly little restaurant that really does serve REAL Philly cheesesteaks. I own Hawaiian Experience Spa in Chandler and, as a business owner, spend lots of time at work. That does not leave a lot of time for cooking so I have to find good places to eat. Philly's Famous has become one of my regular lunch spots when working in Chandler.This is a family owned shop with a friendly staff. The cheesesteaks are consistently excellent. They offer other items but I have never tried any because I just can't pass up the cheesesteak.I highly recommend trying Philly Steaks if you are looking for a real Philly experience.
5	Simply the best!!!!
4	Wow and authentic cheesesteaks like I've experiencd in Philly.  A nicely found spot for me. I fully expect to be a frequent customer!
5	We are from NJ, and frequently go to Pat's in Philly for the one of a kind Philly that we thought we couldn't get anywhere else.  Living in Arizona, we thought we had to give it up for good, but then we found Philly's Famous!  Not much to look at, but the food is just like Pat's.  Actually, I think it's better because you can actually sit inside and I kid you not...they actually taste better!  This is a small family owned business...I hope Obama doesn't screw this up too...but for now, I just love eating here!  The owners are adorable and sweet and it reminds me of back home!   Best Philly Cheese steaks anywhere!   Their hoagies are to die for too!  You'll have to make a few trips...then you will be hooked!
5	One of my favorite places to eat. Food is consistently good.
5	I've been in here more times than I can count in the 20 months since I moved here from Pennsylvania and this is the ONLY place that gets anywhere close to a decent cheesesteak! Their food is delicious & I take everyone here to introduce them to a real Philly cheesesteak. Granted, its a rather "hole in the wall" place, but aren't those the best??? It's not fancy inside, but is adorned with Philadelphia memorabilia. It is family owned AND operated. On a busy Saturday it can be rough to find a place to sit, but eat there you must because no place can compare in food or friendliness. This is my favorite place to eat in Chandler and they know me by name and by order!! I cannot say enough good about this place!!! Love, love, love it. Wish there were more than 5 stars because this place would have it!!
2	I have seen the flyers for this restaurant many times and finally found them and gave them a try. I like Philly cheese steaks and its touted as this is THE place for authentic PHILLY cheese steaks.  The atmosphere is somewhat pub like, narrow seating available and I imagine seating may be a problem during the lunch hour. I ordered their most popular item cheese steak and had it prepared Philly style with onions and red sauce. Now the 8 inch sandwich looked delicious but to be honest I really didn't enjoy the flavor of it. Could it be the red sauce, melted cheese or what? I am not sure, but my gut tells me literally not to try that sandwich again. Aside from my bad tasty experience I would encourage all to give this place a try and I look forward to your reviews.
5	Great Family! Awesome Philly's. My new favorite place!  Goodbye Mill Ave:)
5	Love this place!  Just like the cheese steaks you'd get back east. The people working there are always friendly and welcoming. Can't think of a single criticism
4	I like to start by saying i grew up and lived in Philadelphia my entire life until moving here about 7 years ago. Anyone from there would agree it's hard to find a good Philly cheese steak here in Arizona. After much disappointment I stumbled across Phillys famous, and the first time in a long time i wasn't disappointed. The only reason for the 4 star rating is the French fry portion has gotten smaller in the past year, and the price has gone up a bit. Still the best place to get a cheese steak in Arizona.
5	Absolutely amazing! There is a sign in the front that  says "worlds best cheese steaks". I wouldnt say world but this is the best Philly Cheese steaks in the state of Arizona.Prices on food is fairStaff is super friendlyPlace needs to upgradeGreat place with great food
4	Went at about 1100 and half of Chandler was already there.  It's kind of a small place so when it's crowded, its crowded.Even with a lot of orders it was pretty efficient in getting the food out.  As for the food (steak, onion, cheese, no sauce) it was pretty good.  Probably the best I've had but it's not like I eat a lot of cheese steaks so there may be better out there, but I'm not sure where you would get one (although I can tell you were to get a lot of mediocre ones).Not a 5, but not a 4...probably a 4.5.
5	I don't know much about cheese stakes but this place is the bomb dot com... Staff is polite and friendly and food is great.. it also affordable. I like spicy so they offered me their secret habanero cheese steak! it was amazing. The food is fresh and made in front of you. The only negative thing is that they are not open sunday. stop  y this place and try something new it is the best philly cheese steak stop in chandler for sure. Also, i get the red sauce on the side. It is a tomato base however it seems to be better when dipped in to or poured on, if you like how it tastes.
5	My god so good mmmmmphsddjThe holy grail of sweet meat au jus coupled with mushrooms and onions transcended me into an experience akin to a stoner and a late night Taco Bell run~ I planned on saving half for later but that failed... Also eating and driving with this beast was a challenge as the juices dripped everywhere, BUT THATS OK CUZ I LOVE YOU MR. JUICE (Most cheesesteak places have dry beef :'( )And with the summer buy one get half off deal its even better, for the price of subway I can get a Philly cheese x deuxStaff was bickering and apologized but I barely noticed, with a sandwich this good you could burn down my house for all I care.Just a warning - you might have to change yo pants after eating here*Almost as good as Jin's Grill in SD
5	Give your typical day a rating from 1 to 10 (10 being the highest of course). Then eat the Original Philly Sandwich from Philly's Famous. Your day is now a 10! These sandwiches are so tasty, it's unbelievable. I visited Philadelphia about 12 years ago and have been looking for a sandwich to match what I had eaten there. Well it's here and waiting for you in Chandler. Northwest corner of Alma School and Ray. Try it out and you will be back. Tell and bring friends to support this local and very tasty business. Here's to my next 10 day!
5	"She may not look like much, but she's got it where it counts, kid."  -Han SoloBorn and raised just outside of Philly, I get personally offended when I see a menu offering up "Philly Chesesteaks," when clearly they've never even seen one. Call it a steak sandwich all you want, but put "Philly" in front of it, and we expect - nay, DEMAND - something very specific. And 99/100 joints get it dead wrong.This place is LEGIT. From the outside, or upon entering, it may not look like much, but then you hear the clatter of the spatulas on the flattop cooking up that meat wit onions, and you already know you're on the right track. Displaced Philadelphian? Come here and get your fix, you won't be disappointed. The red sauce is reminiscent of places farther north like Allentown and Bethlehem, but you can order the steaks without it. When I miss the food from back east, this is where I come.
5	Me and my girlfriend LOVE this place. We recently went to Vegas and tried cheese steak's at 2 different places that were supposed to be very popular and honestly all we could think was that it was nothing compared to Philly's Famous. This place is amazing. The food is GREAT. The service is wonderful! This is the kind of place where the staff and owners make you feel like family/friends. Always greet us well and are always excited to see us. They give us compliments and make us amazing Philly cheese steaks. If you like chicken, then you will love their Chicken Cheese Steak. I have had cheese steaks from 10 different places in the last 2 months and i keep coming back to Philly's Famous because nothing compares.
5	My husband and I LOVE this place! It's right down the street from us so it's super convenient! The staff are always nice and super friendly. Everyone there is really easy going and the Original Philly Cheesesteak sandwhichs are AWESOME!!!! It's the only thing I ever order because why mess with the best? Prices are very reasonable. Just wish the shopping center they were located in was easier to access. And I wish they delivered! ;)
5	Excellent place to eat, we've been here quite a few times, wish I'd known about it sooner. Food is great and so is the service.
2	Shame because terrible customer service doesn't make up for the really good food...at least for me.
2	The cheesesteaks are very good but an hour to wait for a sandwich is just way too much. Also, there was no warning of how long the wait would be, and every time we asked how much longer, we were told 15 more minutes. It is too bad, nice family business, just not run effectively.
5	Phillies famous is an amazing place to go if you really like cheesesteaks you're gonna love this place give it a try you won't be sorry
5	I've been in Arizona since 1984 and have never found a cheesesteak or hoagie as authentic as Philly's famous!  I'm here at least once a month! Megan and her family always make me feel welcomed and truly appreciate their customers! Went to a new place in mesa today and it was supposedly authentic and I was not impressed!  Didn't even have sweet peppers!! I'll keep making the drive to get a real cheesesteak or hoagie!!
5	11/15/13This location never gets old!!!  Always remember the "wiz"!!!  Makes a great start to the weekend.
5	Place looks like it was transplanted from Philly, sandwich was phenomenal, bread nice and soft, meat and spices was perfect, i've never been to Philly to say I've had an original Philly sandwich but I would have to say this would be close
2	Close to home and I'm a big philly fan. We called in the order and were asked how many sandwiches we needed and we said two. Apparently,  they were running low on bread and had we needed more we would have been turned down. Then we asked for the wedge cut fries and they were out of those as well. Starving and now craving Philly cheese steak, we ordered anyways. We took it to go and the food was very hot. Got home and it was still warm, to my surprise,  the fries were amazing and the italian philly I ordered was good. I got it with just meat and cheese. We would go back.
3	Great Philly Cheese. Good Service. Solid Steak, add the wiz you'll be satisfied. Great game day or cheat day food.
5	This former South Jersey girl LOVES this friendly, awesome little sandwich shop.  True Philly Cheesesteaks (with wiz, please) that are delicious and on the tastiest bread.  Perfect meat-cheese-bread ratio.Staff is super friendly.  Sure, sometimes it takes a little while.  But Philly Cheesesteak perfection is worth it.
5	Best cheese steak ever! Wow!  Looks like a lil whole in the wall but fantastic food.  Great service
5	Brings me right back to Jersey.  Very well done with great bread!   Very cool owners too, send some business their way, we want them to stay around.
3	I am not a fan.  It was not terrible but it was not amazing.  A bit too salty for my taste.  The girls that work there are really sweet.  They were really busy so maybe I just got a sandwich a bit over seasoned.  I will give it another try.....but I have had better.
4	I thought I'd check this place out for lunch after reading the reviews online and I was definitely not disappointed.  The Philly Cheese Steak (add wiz of course) was amazing, as were the seasoned fries.  If you are in the area, definitely worth checking out.  I only had a short lunch so I grabbed it to go and even though they were busy, I was ordered and out the door in less than 5 minutes.  I definitely will be back.
5	These are the best philly cheesesteaks in Arizona. The next best are Forefathers, but either way you wont be disapointed. I know everyone that works here and they treat you like family. They are hard working and deserve our business! My tip is when they ask if you want red sauce, you say yes! Who the hell knows what red sauce is, but it adds something delish!
4	This place is phenomenal! Hands down, no question about it. The people behind the counter treat you like family. My only gripe is that the location is not more spacious, it can get very crowded during lunch time. The cheesesteaks are flat out the best I have ever tasted. Give it a try, you won't regret it.
4	Philly's Famous always comes thru with solid cheesesteaks. They have quite a selection on the menu and even tho I've been here 20 times, I've never ordered anything else. The meat is tender, the bread is soft, the cheese, sauce and onions are all good. The decor is obviously geared towards Philadelphia sports teams, along with the geographical pics denoting several landmarks, making it all look pub-ish. I like the family atmosphere that Rita and her family bring. She always greets me with 'Sweetie' and loves what she does. The only knock on PF is the speed. Joey tends to cook 1-2 sandwiches at a time. If you show up with no line: great. It takes about 7-9 minutes. If there is a line: yikes. I have waited a 1/2 hour in the past. Yes, I waited. They're good sandwiches. Try PF. My fave is the 8" cheesesteak with onions and red sauce. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
3	Let me explain. There aren't many genuine Philly cheesesteak places in AZ, this is one that come close. There are only 2 in the valley I can do, the other is DeFalcos in Scottsdale.There's not enough cheese and meat inside for my personal taste. I'm still left a little hungry after 8 inches. Otherwise the overall taste is great!The employees are all pretty much family. They're Very friendly! However, wait time is tremendous. 15-25min for your food. Don't come in a rush. The facility is ok. Nothing fancy. Could use a little more widening down. Overall, good place for a genuine Philly Cheesesteak
5	Hands down the best cheesesteak you can get in the valley. Family owned and delicious!
5	I come here about twice a month, I have not found a better Philly steak in Phoenix.
5	Very great place to eat!
5	I am from Harrisburg, PA, about an hour or so drive from Philly.  This is the absolute closest I have tasted to an actual Philadelphia cheese steak.  My husband and I love this place.  The guys I work with also now love this place.  The workers are friendly and glad you came in.   The steak sandwich - perfect, the bun is great, mine is always steak, muchrooms and cheese.  My husband perfers the works the largest they have.  The fries are great, just as everyone else has said.  I would definately recommend this place to everyone.  Oh, that's right I already have, remember I mentioned my work.  We cant eat here enough.
4	Hot, fresh, delicious cheesesteak hoagie. Definitely close to meeting the expectations of this lady who recently moved from the Philadelphia area, a little light on meat, but otherwise a reasonable substitute to flying out East for a cheese steak fix. Restaurant is quite noisy since the grill is in the dining area separated only by the counter. Staff is friendly and courteous, eager to please. We will be back.
5	I've been here a few times but this time I just had to leave a review. I'm from Baltimore and would go up to philly every other week to enjoy the city and get a banging cheese steak. This reminds me of some of the best I've ever had. Today I got the belly filler because I wanted something a little different. I always thought the normal cheese steaks were a little lacking on the cheese here but this one. Oh god. Just oozing cheese. They FTBU with cheese. It might have been the best cheese steak I've ever consumed. I love this place. Oh and if you want to go for lunch, CALL AHEAD. I always do and it's always just getting ready when I arrive. You get to bypass on the lines and waiting petrons. Anyway, amazing.
5	Never been to Philly so I can't tell you what an authentic cheesesteak looks or tastes like. I can tell you that the service here is exceptional and the food is pretty good. The first time I ate here, I was not impressed, at all. After a year or so of coming here about once a week for my lunch break, I can tell you that I am a fan, and since Joey behind the counter greets me by my first name when I walk in, I guess that makes me a regular. I usually come in around 11:30, just before the rush, so I get hear some of the conversations going on behind the counter in regards to food prep, these folks care about the quality of their food. Don't expect bells and whistles when you walk in, this place is old school, but well kept and clean.
5	This is as close to Philly as you can get!   The cheese streaks are freshly made when you order.  The staff is so personable that you want to come back.
4	Great cheesesteaks made however you want them.   Friendly service too.    One of the best in arizona.
5	Big phillys, friendly people who treat you like family. They got hoagies so loaded that you cant get you're mouth around. Looks like a hole in the wall but feels like home when you walk in.
4	Glory hole. This place is deliciously messy with Philly memorabilia exploding off the walls, pictures of the pope and family haphazardly taped up near the cashier area and open kitchen grill, hand written specials scrawled on a white board, very excitable (and very friendly) owners shouting at each other in some crazy mixed language.....it's perfect. I had the 8-inch with onions and Wiz, and some fries. The Fries could have been better but the sandwich was first rate. Chewy roll, super tender beef, not stringy at all. Loved it. There is a decent sized Sammy menu with all sorts of options so I am excited to visit again soon to check those out. If you are feeling the need for some old schoolEast coast cheese steaks eats in Chandler, look no further imo.
5	Fanatastic cheese steak sandwiches, made with or without red sauce and different cheeses including Cheez whiz. Hands down best Italian hoagie in Chandler! Always Great service from the whole staff.
3	They are good, but 20$ to feed one hungry man! Kinda pricey.... And that was just the original. We could go to a much better restaurant for 20/plate. I was good with half a sandwich so for me it was affordable just not the rest of the family!
5	Its a hole in the wall, so if you need to sit is a fancy new looking chain place, then this may not be for you.  But if you can live with an out dated building, this place has the most amazing food!Seriously i think they use Angel meat in these sandwiches because i have never had a better Philly in AZ.
5	This place kicks ass!
5	This place is awesome! The atmosphere is very hole-in-the wall but there is an awesome back east feel from the family who runs it .  They take pride in what they make and it shows!This is not a commercialized chain with generic food, so if that's what your looking for keep moving on... The walls are full of back east pics, specials are all hand written on a whiteboard. Real cozy and familiar feel!on any given day you can hear the whole family bantering and arguing back and forth as t hey serve up the best Phillys in az bar none in a down to earth casual little restaurantJust try it once and you'll be back again and again! P.s they do it right with real whiz!!!!
4	I'd been in the mood for a real philly cheese steak for quite a while, and this place fit the bill!  i went in there a little before the dinner rush, so I didn't have to wait, and was greeted by a very pleasant and helpful cashier. the meat and sandwich were very tasty, but it almost looks like they were using steak-um's like what you buy a the store.  I've never been to Philadelphia, so im not sure if thats traditional or not, because I know using Cheese Wiz is something they do there too.  The sandwich I ordered had provolone, and it was melted perfectly and mixed in with my chopped steak and onions.  Ordered the 8in, and it filled me up fine.  Overall, if you looking for a great cheese steak and service with a smile, go there!
5	This place has the best Philly cheesesteak I've every eaten. The employees are extremely nice as well.
5	We always love this place for a tasty and hefty lunch.  I prefer my cheese steak "hoagie style" with onions and red sauce.  The wife likes the mushroom cheese steak.They make your sandwich up to order right in front of you, and it comes hot off of the grill.  The rolls are perfect, and there's lots of hot sauce available if you want to spice it up.We've been wanting to try a hoagie, but the cheese steaks always win out!
5	This looks like no big deal from the out side, but then you bite into the sandwich! I am a firm believer in not judging a book by it's cover and this is a perfect example! The food here is so good and the service is fantastic. The older daughter of the owner  and the owner are the sweetest women I've met in Arizona!When I walk in, I feel like I am always greeted so warmly and they are always so kind. I would highly recommend this place to anyone from the east coast looking for a bite of home, or anyone who respects and appreciates great food!! My one suggestion, preorder your food. It can get super busy in there at times!
4	This place is awesome.  Amazing Philly sandwiches.  The guy who cooks them rides a motorcycle and likes to sit down and chat with me about motorcycles when he gets the opportunity.I haven't been here in awhile, but I've been itching to go back. They could definitely do with a better drink machine, and some lemonade would be nice, but this is one of my favorite places to eat in Chandler.It's definitely one of the best places for Philly Cheese Steaks
5	I love this place! Cheesesteaks are true to Philly... I swear when I bite into a cheesesteak here, I can feel the boardwalk of Jersey under my feet!
5	Best Philly Cheesesteak in Arizona!  Their hoagies are awesome too!  The family and friends that work there are super friendly and generous.  This place is easy to miss as it is in a strip mall. It is a great find.  Once you try it you will return.
1	My meat was burned the service was poor. It took 10 minutes to process my debit card . I will not be going to Philly's Famous ever again.
5	This wonderful cheesesteak restaurant offers truly authentic steaks. We have been to "the institution" in Philadelphia, and spent a few years in NY. Not to mention the array of cities we have visited across the country in search of the perfect steak. Philly's Famous beats them all. Even the extras like fries and onion rings are a cut above. We noticed the outstanding service and happy attitude of the staff. We really noticed the steak chef at the grill elegantly working as if he were striking the keys of a grand piano. Such love and attention to food can only lead to the best results.
2	Sandwich was kinda dry.  Not enough cheese on the cheese steak.  They ran out of coke at the soda fountain. I asked them 3 times if they would fix it , they said they were too busy. There were no customers and they were sitting around arguing in some foreign language (arabic?) Coke did not get changed until an employee came out to get a coke and found out it was out.  Next time I am going to Mike's. They always have a great cheese steak.
5	BEST Philly Cheesesteaks in AZ !!! This place is awesome.  Very hole in the wall but doesn't get more authentic.  The owners are super friendly and always happy to talk to you.  Love their signature red sauce on the cheesesteaks it makes them that much better.  I've never been to Philly but I imagine if I do this is what it would be and taste like.  If you come here enough they will remember you and what you order. How awesome is that.  I hope this place last forever as it's a staple in Chandler.
4	Yeah, this is a damn good sandwich.  Its not you typical super gooey cheese steak, its got a far more authentic feel than that. I feel each is good in their own right, but Philly's Famous is a notch above. I was skeptical when they first asked if I wanted red sauce on my Philly, but it was recommended. Being one that prefers to experience food the way it was intended, I added the red sauce. Red sauce is now a must for every Philly's Famous experience. I get the Pepper Jack Philly with grilled onions.  I do love a green pepper in the mix, but I do not like the sweet pickled green peppers they (and pretty much all other philly places) offer.  That is purely my taste preference, not a fault of theirs. Its family owned and operated.  What a great family too, my goodness, they are the nicest people. After only a couple times there they began to recognize me, which added a nice personal touch, and they still remember me if I haven't been there in a while. You will not be disappointed.
5	My wife is obsessed with this place, and I couldn't agree with her more!!She accidentally said italian hoagie instead of italian cheese steak when she last ordered, and when she realized, they fixed the order super quickly!! We kept the hoagie, and that was just as good as their cheese steaks!!!When we have family visit, or friends ask us where there is good food, we always tell them to try this place!!The portions are generous, and the food is always made to order.The best way to order, is to call ahead, then go get it. They have it cooked and ready for you when you get there! And they are always soooo friendly!! We love the east coast atmosphere and the welcome we receive when we come in.
4	The best cheesesteak in town. The red sauce is a nice treat, the prices are affordable, and the menu options all tempting.The staff is very friendly, and make you feel at home. I got the regular Philly to test out the place and will be coming back very soon to try the other options. Good stuff.
4	In line with the best cheesesteaks in Phoenix Metro. About the standard wait time for a made-to-order place, mine was 7min. They'll customize is any way you like: onions, peppers, mushrooms, cheeses, etc. Hoagies options too. One of the best parts of being in the place is the constant banter of the two male and two female employees working behind the counter.
5	Mouthwatering!!!! I recently discovered this place and I am completely enamored! Coming from the east coast,  it's really hard to find quality bread let alone a cheesteak worthy of being called a Philly cheesesteak. Famous has perfected their culinary craft! ! I love mine with extra cheese (American) and their secret ingredient, love!! This family owned,  family run business care about what they create and the passion is revealed in the taste. Thank you Famous  Philly and keep up the amazing quality food and super service!! See you later this week!!!
5	This place is the best!! We love the family !! I had my sons birthday catered and the food is the best!! Service outstanding !!!
4	"I rather eat like no one's watching than dance like no one's watching."  - Cristela AlonzoI'm no cheese steak expert nor have I had an actual philly cheese steak from Philadelphia but I will say that this is a damn good sandwich.  It has everything I was looking for:  lots of meat, lots of cheese, and lots of flavor!  Great Friday night meal!The beef is juicy, tender, and plentiful and the cheese helped glue everything together. I got the red sauce on the side since I wasn't sure what to expect but after trying it out, I will say that I'm definitely getting it on it next time.  One tiny cup just isn't enough!  That tomato sauce with oregano and other spices... Yum!  Mr. W. ran out of red sauce fast for his 12in. sandwich.  I had mine with no vegetables because I usually never finish my meal in one sitting and end up taking it home.  I figured the vegetables will fill me up too fast and I wanted to try to finish majority of it while it was still piping hot.  I will shamefully admit that I took down all 8-inches like a champ [that's what she said].  It was a feat that both impressed and scared Mr. W.  We also got our combos with the seasoned fries which were actually potato wedges.  Not bad or extraordinary but the star is definitely the sandwich with the red sauce.This is a family-owned establishment and this is seriously the sweetest family ever.  I had a chance to talk with the boss-lady/mother and she was a delight!  The ambiance of the joint is super casual and the sound of metal cooking utensils banging on the flat-top stove only adds to the charm.  Ah, a place where I can eat like a pig and no one would judge me.  Also to note, they have this crazy drink called Barq's red creme soda.  I've never heard of it or had it before tonight and I can never go back to such ignorance!  And since it is a small family-owned place, the wait time can be pretty long since it's made to order but the wait is worth it.  EAT HERE, PEOPLE!
4	Good distribution of meat and cheese
5	Yum!! I love the Italian sandwich,it is the best Italian Sammy I have had out west, since leaving the east coast. The Philly cheese steak is awesome as well. I usually get my Sammie's to go,but they have plenty of seating. It's clean and staff is very friendly. This should be everybody's go to sandwich shop in Chandler. Don't forget your Tastey Cake.
4	YES! Best philly cheese steak I've had in the valley! The bread they use is soft and delicious, holds up to the delicious, amazing mess of glorious food on the inside. The cheese is always melty and gooey and just yes. And the meat, very plentiful and just yum! The sandwich is huge and very filling! The only thing is would improve on are the seasoned fries, I'm not really a fan of the wedges, and the time! Always seems like I'm craving their cheese steaks too late :(Either way, I'm all about it and tell everyone I know about this place!!
5	Great food and the people who work there are so friendly and nice! Waffle fries and originally Philly is what I had, soo yummy and an okay price for how good the food is!!
5	As many time as I've been here it's about time I review this place. One word "outstanding" comes to mind They do cheesesteak right and their original hoagie has all the other sub shops beat by a mile. .  The owners could not be more friendly. Great family run place.
4	What a find! Made my second visit and ordered the pastrami sandwich. YUM I ordered the Philly steak last time with cheese wiz. Both sandwiches were very good. Nice atmosphere and great service.  Have found my Philly sandwich place . T.P.
5	Feel like I just walked into the city of brotherly love! Amazing cheesesteaks and friendly people who go way out of their way to serve you with a smile!
4	We absolutely loved our cheese steaks! Only problem was it took a very long time to get them.
4	I have driven by the this place countless times and never even knew it was there. It's tucked into a tiny strip mall on the north side. The owners/employees are extremely friendly and very helpful. We ordered a Philly Mushroom Cheese Steak and a Turkey Hoagie. Although both were delicious, we agreed the Cheese Steak was amazing. It's a little bit of a drive for us but will continue to go back because it was that good. I highly recommend trying this hidden little gem. It's as close to the real thing as you're going to get without going to Philly.
5	Quite honestly the best sandwich I have had in Arizona. I have been here twice because I frequent that side of town not often but I do wish I lived closer. I ordered the classic Philly and seasoned wedges both times I went and both times it was amazing. The bread is fresh and soft yet seems different than what you would buy at the store or have at the run of the mill sandwich shops. The meat is not too greasy nor dry and the toppings of the philly are perfectly blended in. Everything seems to complement each other leaving your taste buds in absolute bliss. Next time I go I'll branch out and order something else and be sure to update my review but man it's worth an hour drive for me. I would suggest this to all of my yelp friends and can't wait to be back there. It seems like a family ran business and everyone behind the counter was super polite and nice. Not many five stars out there but they deserve it!
