5	I think this is the BEST fast food Mexican restaurant in Vegas. By far the best customer service. The food isn't greasy/oily like other restaurants. I love the fish tacos and breakfast burritos.
5	I agree with the last review. Best Authentic Mexican food in town. I have eaten at a ton of Mexican Food places in town and you wouldn't expect such a great place to be in a gas station, but it is delicious!. Food taste fresh and not greasy. The staff is always SUPER nice and accommodating. A lot of Mexican food places in town tend to feel really dirty inside and Chile Verde is not at all like that. It is always really clean. The prices are right in line with what you would pay at a don tortaco or faustos, but I can tell you right now the food is WAY better.
5	Don't let the fact this place is in a gas station fool you.  Extremely clean, and the food is fresh and good!  Nachos are amazing.  The main guy that works is fast and nice.
4	I love Mexican food and dishes. The GF and her daughter don't care too much for it though. The end result is I don't get to enjoy Mexican food too often but I found a perfect loophole. I just say "hey sweetie my car is dirty and needs a full wash inside and out" this gives me at least 20 minutes to drop off my car at the gas station for a full service car wash/detail/and fuel up. Once done I head inside and place an order for some of the best, top notch Mexican food on this side of Vegas.Being a Gringo I normally like ground beef tacos and don't like the shredded beef ones but here the shredded beef is perfectly seasoned and grilled to ordered on an Iron Flat top. They throw the onions and peppers on the grill and that fuses all the flavors together with the meat. Simply stated its delicious.The enchiladas and the sauce is damn good as well. Probably 2nd in Vegas. (There is a hole in the wall dive place in south Vegas that beats them in my opinion but that's about it). Only downside to this place is that its an express and shares space with a gas station. Seating/parking can be minimal especially on the weekends when everyone is getting a car wash/ fuel but by paying for that full service car wash your car is in their hands for at least 20 mins and that is plenty of time to get your food cooked and consumed before leaving with a near spotless vehicle.It may seem weird to go to a gas station for a taco but trust me its worth it!
4	Who'd a thunk it to find a great Mexican spot inside a gas station?? But it was pretty legit for where it was.  And the ONE guy working the place was very friendly, FAST, and made yummy grub!  Their salsa was very tasty and you could tell it wasn't the canned or bottled crap.  They had a pretty wide selection of food, very impressed!
5	Had my oil change done this morning at Choice gas station, and decided to have breakfast while my oil change was getting done. The place is call Chile verde, OMG!!There chicken burrito is soooooo freaken good, way better than most taco shops. The place is very clean and the service was quick. By the time I was done with my food my oil change was done, Now that's service!! Before I took off I ordered another burrito to go since I enjoyed it so much.  I will definitely be back before my next oil change is due.
5	Great breakfast burritos! This guy kills it.. Car wash, gas, oil change and burrito!
5	Yes, in a gas station. To be fair it's quite a snazzy gas station, the kind with a full service car wash with people hand waxing and such. Chicken is light and fluffy with no fat or bones. Chips are the deep fried semi-greasy kind but that's my only gripe. All Ingredients are fresh light and not too spicy or too greasy. 1st visit we had the super nachos w chicken and two cheese enchilada combo meal. Delicious!
5	This is a cool concept - Mexican express in a gas station. I'm addicted to their Chile Verde. Carnitas Burito is mucho delicioso!!! The poor guy is often alone - cooking, taking orders, cash register, packing to-go food..  but its definitely worth waiting! Towards the bathroom there's a funky seating with few tables, chairs, couch..even massage chairs and foot massagers while you wait for your food. Don't know what to say about this seating/waiting/dining area combo .......cute?  maybe convenient :)  Definitely my Mexican express!
5	Are you kidding me!  Why haven't I been here before! Robertos tastes like old socks compared to this place.  Fifteen rolled tacos came to $12.75...and they were so bomb! Watched the cook make them fresh,  guac was fresh too.  The rolled tacos were absolutely delicious and not dripping with grease like other places I've been.  Kitchen was extremely clean and organized. It's located in a the convenience store of a gas station, but after trying it... who cares. Try it.
4	Had to try this place out because of the good reviews. Ordered the "Super Nachos" w/ chicken, carne asada burrito, and of course their fish tacos. Fish tacos are one of my all-time favorite foods and I order them everywhere .. and I gotta say their's are very good. And oh man, they put 2 HUGE pieces of fish in each taco. Delicious. As for the nachos, they were okay but I found the chicken a little dry .. maybe try a different meat on those next time. The burrito was quite tasty as well and also on the large side. Good mexican food, good service. And you can get your car cleaned while you eat!
4	I wouldn't say it's the best burrito I've had but I have had worse! The place is clean an don't let the whole gas station thing scare you, it's all good. All the ingredients seem to be fresh and the  asada was good, there just seemed to be something missing ... That pizaz, the bannng, the boom? For a quick fix, it'll do.... Plus I can almost walk there !
5	Food is always consistently delicious...don't let the location fool you. Food is great and pricing is very reasonable..the nachos are a great choice meat is always cooked perfect and the portion is more than enough for two people!
4	Great food extremely generous portions my new go to place for Mexican food. Who knew that you could find great food in a gas station.
5	Burritos and the chips are amazingly awesome. Saw one customer that was complaining because the chef told him he could only accept cash at the moment and it was closed for a moment, the customer was also mad because his kids were hungry. To that customer, there are tons of places to elsewhere. If you were so concerned of your children being hungry, maybe take them somewhere else to eat instead of complaining and posting it on fb/yelp. Are you really that lazy to walk a block to find foods? Anyways, foods and service is awesome! Keep it up!!!
4	Hidden Gem. Great Mexican food. Definitely better than Robertos and Don Tortaco. Get a car wash, gas, and a California burrito
4	Good mexican food, real fresh. I had the chicken chimichanga plate and my husband had the green chile verde plate.  The prices are pretty reasonalble too, our food came up to $14.00 something. There was only one guy cooking in there on a Saturday and it seemed really busy but we got our food in a reasonable time. I recommend it and will be back.
5	Carlos The Tacoman kills this spot.. Probably the best taco shop on the southwest side of town.. And it's in a gas station!!!
5	Honestly as a former chef. This places is one of the hidden gems in Vegas. The food is some of the best I've had. And the prices are really affordable.
5	For anyone looking for a real authentic, Mexican food taste this is the spot,Don't go to any of those other fake Mexican food places Roberto's or Don Tortaco which that place gave me the runs but that's another story,This place is a one man band, and he doesn't disappoint on a busy you may get a delay on getting your food however it's well worth the wait,If your impatient go to Taco Bell and enjoy fake crappy Mexican food,I personally love the asada burrito, which the meat taste fantastic being born and raised in Los Angeles We have Mexican food places around every corner,This place reminds me of back home,  I also tried asada fries they were amazing, but the gym hated me that night for them, lol  For a great Mexican food taste eat at chile verde
4	Ok i had to try this place from the reviews it was a no brainer. I had the carne asada burrito. Food was solid but it wasnt the best i have ever had. It was good.I just moved here from los angeles and have been eating mexican food my whole life so all i can say is that in this town that there seems to be a shortage of quality food places and thats why people get blown away whenever something decent comes along. dont get me wrong this place was solid..fresh tortillas,lots of meat good quality meat too. The only thing i would say is that there is only 1 man working there i presume he is the owner,but I mean come on YOU NEED HELP...you cant do it all yourself it's not efficient for you or the customers. Im assuming he does this either because he is looking for help or he doesent want to pay for help.In any event he could definitely increase his sales with some assistance.Otherwise a solid choice for mexican food.
5	I absolutely love the food they serve. Fresh ingredients are hard to find these days. I've been going to them for as long as they opened. I visit them at least once a week to get my pork tacos. The best in the city!
5	We were looking for a good to-go Mexican food restaurant seeing as Amigos had gone out of business, and Robertos was just not cutting it. We stumbled across this place on Yelp and was surprised to find out it was located within a gas station. We still ordered though, and to our surprise..... IT WAS THE BEST MEXICAN FOOD WE HAVE HAD IN LAS VEGAS. The chicken tacos are the best. The shell is the right combination of crispy and crunchy, and the taco isn't overly greasy like other places. Everything I have tried here has been absolutely delicious and not once have I had a bad meal. The only thing to be aware of is that there is only one guy working the whole area. So don't expect to be in and out within 5 mins. Everything is made when it is ordered, so it does take more time compared to a Robertos. But the extra time waited is definitely worth it!
4	**** Alert! Alert! ---- Mexican Ninjas Invade Choice Gas Station !!!! *****************A Mexican ninja who goes by the name of Carlos is a one man show a la Magic, a la Lebron.  He takes the orders, preps/cleans when no one is there, chops, cooks, rolls, serves - the one man ninja does it all with SPEED, EFFICIENCY, and CONSISTENCY!I never seen a cook work so fast and deliver stellar, authentic, home cooken Mexican fast food.   We walked up to the counter and didn't see the bell by the register so stood for a few minutes while Carlos was in the back being his ninja master self.  He arrived back and showed us the bell - now we know...hahWe asked him what's good......the asada, burritos, fajitas to which he replied, "everything....everything fresh"   I asked a follow up question and was cut off with the same reply.   Carlos wasn't going to budge and after ordering a chile verde and asada combination plate, and a fresh order of tortilla chips and salsa i know why.......Everything here is the sh1t!   What I like most about this set up is that you can watch how it all unfolds.  Nothing is hidden.  You'll see all his tricks if you can keep up.   Order with confidence and you'll be granted a quick, fast, homemade meal that's better than any fast food mexican in vegas and rivals most sit down restaurants.
5	this place is legit!!! probably the best Mexican food I've ever had.  tried the carne asada burrito and adobada burrito. they were both excellent but if I had to choose I'd say the carne asada wins in a close one. I highly recommend this place who wants freshly made and very delicious food. Can't miss. will be back to try rest of menu.
4	The rave reviews are a slight exaggeration - I wouldn't call it the best mexican in town, but it is good with large portions and cheap prices. Definitely better than what you'd typically expect from a gas station restaurant. I just got the carne asada nachos for $7.50 which was pretty solid and overflowing with cooked to order steak. I'm a fan of heat, so I liked that the pico had quite a bit of chopped jalapenos but if youre not, be sure to ask for non spicy pico (if he makes it, I didn't ask). It is called a Mexican grill so seems like his meats are all cooked on the flat top vs like chicken tinga. I would probably make this my new go to for neighborhood mexican, but he closes early at 6pm on Saturdays and 4pm all other days. I have a thing for late night mexican runs, so its just not meant to be.
5	Awesome neighborhood place - fresh food cooked to order while u wait
4	I love finding great food spots in unexpected places. After hearing the buzz for Chile Verde Express, I had to check them out for myself. Inside a convenience store at a gas station, this place was busy when I arrived. It's basically a one man show. The guy took orders and cooked and did it all in a very efficient way. The wait wasn't long for my chicken nachos and he was so accommodating. He wanted to make sure everything was as I wanted it. He fried the chips up fresh, which was a treat. The chile was nice and spicy as well. They have mild as well, if you prefer. The chicken was a bit on the dry side, but a few pieces of carne asada snuck their way into my nachos and they were very moist and flavorful. I'll be getting that next time I come in. Service was friendly and I look forward to trying more of their menu out soon. I wish they had a drive thru since this location tends to get pretty crowded with the gas station, convenience store and car wash all in one area. Still a great little spot for cheap and fresh Mexican fare. Just make sure you come during off hours to avoid a long line.
2	Errrr why does there yelp not have hours there open... why no hours and not website!!!!!!!"
5	Don't pass it up just because it's in a gas station!! The prices are great and the food was awesome! We tried a big variety of things on the menu - all of them were delicious! Loved their namesake chile verde burritio, California burrito (carne asada was delish - hardly any gristle), crunchy shredded beef tacos with beans (combo #2). Mild (green) salsa was flavorful and delicious, hot (red) salsa was SPICY (sweat it out, kids!)Had one (super friendly) guy doing everything - he took our orders and promptly busted out our six dishes... By himself! The one man show, everyone! For working by himself, everything came out super quick and he didn't forget any items. AWESOME.
4	Food is really good but the service is very slow. Owned by husband and wife but they should def hire another cook or employee. I had the enchiladas and chix hard tacos. Cant go wrong with those dishes. They have a large flatscreen tv which was cool cuz i was watching a playoff game and eating at the same time. Oh and its inside a gas station so u can easily get beer n other treats.
4	Only issue is the wait. I have waited for 30+ minutes at times. It is a one man show.  Good food.
4	Carlos is the one man running the show at this location and it's important for you to get to know him -- He is very kind and hooks people up all the time -- TIP HIS ASS! -- The only down side to this place is that their are only 5 stools to sit on -- It's more-so for carry out -- I'd highly suggest getting a carne asada burrito with carne asada, rice, and cheese only inside the burrito -- This place is 10x better than Roberto's and no where near as greasy -- I like to get the TROPICAL TEA from the gas station section it's right beside this place inside LOOK FOR IT
5	Chile Verde has ruined me!  I can't be happy with Cafe Rio, Qdoba, etc.  This guy is amazing, he makes all his chips and shells from scratch!  I am not a person that has ever gone to a gas station to eat and now I am here at least once a week!  Everything is awesome, Chicken taquitos, chimichunga, taco salads, tacos, nachos.  I honestly think there is not a thing that isn't great on the menu!  Every time I go I try something new and am never disappointed.  When he is cooking the meat you can also have him fry up some peppers and onions, yummy!  I LOVE spicy and hot salsa and his red sauce is no joke!  It is clean and there is space to eat there.  He is working hard and sometimes there is quite a wait but oh so worth it!
2	My boyfriend and I love Fausto's but we decided to try this place because of the reviews. First, my boyfriend asked the lady who was taking our order what was in the California burrito. She said "carne asada, pico de gallo..." etc... all the typical ingredients, but she didn't say french fries. My boyfriend asked if there were french fries in it (typically Cali burritos have fries), and she said no. He asked if any of their burritos have fries, and she said no. My boyfriend ordered the Cali burrito anyways and surprise, there were fries in it. Not a big deal to us, but for someone who might be allergic to something, knowing the ingredients of your food is kind of important. Second, I ordered the chile relleno combo plate and the lady says they're out of chile relleno. Okay, a little disappointing, but whatever. So I make a quick decision and order a bean and cheese burrito and made it a combo plate (added rice and beans). My total for the bean and cheese burrito plate was $6.99, which is insanely expensive. This is probably the most inexpensive thing for them to make on the whole menu. It's only beans and cheese for godsake. Same thing costs $3 less at Faustos or Roberto's. Anyways, we had no idea that they had condiments (green sauce, red sauce, carrots) because no one told us. My boyfriend asked if there was sauce and she said yes. 5 minutes later he asked if there were carrots and she said yes. I wonder what other goodies they have in their fridge that we have no idea about...would've been a lot easier if the lady just told us what they had instead of us asking 20 questions. Had to ask for a fork, then napkins, then knife. Overall this lady didn't really care to help us. If you're not going to have your condiments and supplies self-serving, at least offer them or be approachable by customers. The reason why this place gets a 2 star review is because I think their beans and rice are completely disgusting. The beans are not the normal refried beans that you get at any Mexican place. Their beans were made up of 75% whole beans (unmashed, boiled beans), and 25% mashed beans mixed with what seems like just water. In my opinion, they were completely flavorless. Because the beans weren't mashed, every time you took a bite, you were just biting into boiled, whole beans with no flavor. They were dry and overall just gross. The rice was burning hot (both temperature and spiciness) and once again, no flavor. Maybe this is more "authentic" Mexican, but it was gross. I couldn't even finish half my burrito because I was so grossed out by the blandness and dryness. On the other hand, my boyfriend really liked his California burrito. He said it tasted fresh and it was good. So I'm sure all their food doesn't suck, but from my experience, I was very unhappy. Paid an overpriced $7.50 for a gross burrito and didn't even get okay service.
5	Great spot!! Who would of thought of good food at a gas station!! Real Mexican, Real Authentic!!
4	After hitting up the Windmill Library I was craving some Mexican food, so I decided to check this spot out since its right by the library. Was kind of hesitant at first, since its a grill inside a gas station/car wash, no one was there and there was only one guy who cooks and takes the orders. ...But based on the prices, reviews and my craving- I rolled with it. Got myself a California burrito bc well... I'm from Los Angeles and never had a Cali burrito.... hahah So, I was curious on LV's take on Cali burritos. The attendant/cook was cool and friendly. He really hooked it up. That was a huge burrito, just like back home. He then asked me, hot sauce or mild sauce. I'm a dragon when it comes to spice- hot sauce don't really phase me -so I passed on the mild.Took my first bite w/o sauce and damn! It's pretty good- some decent quality. It doesn't taste like an LA burrito but its still damn good. First time I had a burrito with fries in it! I then poured a load of hot sauce and damn... That hot sauce has a kick! I like it! The super nachos is MASSIVE and delicious... Definitely enough for 4 peeps. I had the carne asada super nachos and man... So much carne asada!!! Just look at the picture! Overall, going to be hitting this spot when I need a Mexican food fixin'.PS. 4 hours later and I don't have the BGs. Unlike some of the Mexican joints back home. So I'm definitely coming back!
3	Vegetarians beware...95% of their food is cooked with lard.  Who knew that rice could contain lard?  As if!I opted for the chicken street tacos (lard free)!  My friend ordered the nachos and they looked scrumdiddlyumptious.  The two of us could have shared it, had it not been for that silly lard.
5	Reviews don't lie. Good food. One man show so if its busy prepare to wait but do wait , well worth it.The best red chile sauce in town hands down.Haven't had a bad item here yet. I live 2 minutes away so I am lets say a regular.
5	This place is a gold mine...as good as cheap Mexican food served in a gas station can get. A strong Hispanic following is noticeable which means a lot.
3	First, let me just say that the food here is delicious. I come here weekly and can't get enough of their California burritos. Their tacos are great as well. You wouldn't think so because it's in a gas station, but you're in for a surprise. So why the less than stellar review? Well, there's a few things. There are only 8 or so stools to sit on. 5 in the front and 3 in the back. I guess it being in a gas station they prefer you to take your food and go. Don't plan on bringing in the family and having a comfortable sit down dinner. It ain't gonna happen. It's a one man show. Expect to wait 15 to 20 minutes for your order during the lunch rush. On two occasions I've seen a lady working with the only guy there. This was out of the 10 or so visits I've had. The hours are misleading. Please do yourself a favor and CALL before coming here. I came in at 6:15 only to realize that he closed when he was supposed to close at 8. This isn't the first time this has happened. I even called earlier at 12 and I was told they'd close at 8. It's a good thing I live nearby or else I'd be furious. My last gripe about the place is that the guy, or the both of them if the lady is working, will literally stop taking orders if they have a big order to fill. This, unfortunately, is not uncommon. There's a police station right across the street and the officers are big fans of the place. You'll see them carrying bags of orders from time to time. If it weren't for the amazing food with very reasonable prices, I would not bother coming here. Next time you're heading south on Rainbow off the 215, take the extra 3 minutes and drive past Chipotle and Roberto's/Don Tortaco and give Chile Verde Express a try. You'll be glad you did. Just make sure to phone your order.
4	What an awesome little hidden gem inside of a gas station. Yes, you totally wouldn't expect a joint such as this at a gas station to serve such good food like Chile Verde does, but you are in for a surprise. Plus, you can't really see their signage since it's on the same one as the gas station prices, but I guess they get all their business through word of mouth and of course Yelp. Our church group uses this gas station for our fireworks booth and 2 years ago when we first did it I didn't really pay much attention to them. Now that I read all these awesome reviews I definitely had to try them out. During our 6 days we were there I tried them 2 times and they certainly did not disappoint! The first time I had the nachos with beef and everyone is right the tortilla chips are made fresh and they are delicious. Unlike, Roberto's who has dry nachos and carne asada, their version of beef nachos was certainly not dry but had some moisture to them. I'm glad I asked for my beans on the side because it would of ruined the awesome texture of the fresh tortilla chips. The second time I ordered the California burrito, which was priced at around $5. This burrito was huge! At other places they would probably price it at $6 or $7 which makes Chile Verde affordable. I bet 2 people with smaller appetites could share that burrito because I could only eat 3/4 and let me tell you I am an eater. The inside of the burrito had fries and beef with salsa. Pretty delicious I must say. My only major gripe is that the owner is a 1 man show! He is the cashier, the cook, the expediter, everything! I know he is probably doing that to reduce costs and keep prices low, but man the wait time is rather long just like everyone says. Both times I was there, he was super busy. Although the second time the food came our faster than the first. The first time I think I waited a good 15 minutes. If only I lived in this area, but I guess this joint adds on to the foodie spots on Rainbow Blvd/South West area. The chimichanga looks good and I will order that next time I'm here. Chile Verde is definitely a step up above Roberto's and if you're in the area craving Mexican food, definitely hit Chile Verde up!
4	The first and obvious question about this place is: Why will I buy a Mexican food inside a gas station?Why not?Try the Chili Verde plate, especially the Chile Verde (making the 2014 Desert Companion list of Delicious Meal under $10), Carne Asada Fries and the Rolled Taco with Guacamole, and you will be a fan of this one-man-chef's cooking. 91.37% guaranteed.Disclaimer: prepare to wait longer because of the solo service mentioned above.If you're comfortable eating on the counter or on a bench outside while watching the car detailing, treat yourself casually with the experience. Did I not tell you this fast food is INSIDE the gas station? Or if you're like me, bring it at Exploration Peak Park. Enjoy!
5	After reading such great reviews on yelp, I've been wanting to try this place! My first attempt was a disappointment because I showed up at around 5:45pm on a Sunday and it was closed. Although frustrated, I couldn't get too upset since it is a one man show and I'm sure he'd like to get home to his family at some point. My next attempt was around 7pm on a Tuesday evening. Ordered food to go for the entire family and sat and waited for it with my oldest son. Was super impressed by the process this gentleman has making all of the food. After cooking the meat and filling two carne asada tacos, he added more to the grill and stuffed those tacos to the gill!! My oldest son who refuses to eat carnitas from any place but home, ordered two mini carnitas tacos and absolutely loved them!! Overall the entire family loved what they ordered. It's cheaper than a Don Tor Taco or Roberto's and the food is so much better! We will definitely be returning to help support this gentleman's business and enjoy some delicious homemade Mexican food!
5	Amazing place, where the kitchen takes real pride in their food... I love a place where you can  tell it is locally-owned and the regulars are respected.  The food is amazing and they will customize almost anything just ask!
5	Wow, I must say 5stars plus! This place is in gas station/car wash. Was waiting for car to be cleaned figure I grab some tacos while waiting. $2.50 each plus Jamaica hibiscus drink. Total $6.75. Cheap! And REALLY GOOD!! There's only one person working behind counter but he's does a kick ass job! So be patient. And here's the best part...the guy washed his hands after every time he use cash register and then put on gloves before he touched any food!! Health department should give this guy 2 AA's for that. I think I just found my new place to grab some good tacos!
5	I would never imagine getting freshly made burritos inside of a gas station? Best food decision I made today!!It was the tail end of this employees day but you would never know it. We ordered two burritos (carne asada burrito and a Cali burrito) and got them pretty quickly since there were only a few people inside. The food was delicious!! And the salsa was also kind of amazing! He's truly a hard worker, friendly, and stays busy in between customers. I'll probably be back this week... :) glad I stopped in today!
5	Who would have thought great food could be found inside a gas station!? I've heard many great things about this place so I had to try and it did not disappoint. The food is great, everything is prepared fresh and right in front of you. It's pretty amazing it is all done by one guy who runs the place solo. It takes a bit to place the order/ get it but it's worth it!
5	One word, AMAZING! Who knew such deliciousness existed inside of a gas station? This place definitely takes the cake! I walked in and there was only one guy working the grill. He took our order pretty quick and it was done in 10 minutes. I went with the nachos and my honey went with the chorizo tacos. The food is a few cents cheaper than your average Roberto's but way better quality. I had to steal a bite of the chorizo tacos and they are to die for! I had never tasted a better chorizo taco, not even in Mexico! My nachos were pretty good too. The guy makes the chips from scratch. When I was speaking to him he said everything was brought from California, even the meats, that's why the food tastes so much better, better ingredients. This place is only a few streets down from me so you can bet your shiny pennies that I'll be making it my mission to visit weekly.
5	People kept telling me about this place and I NEVER THOUGHT would say BOMB TACOS AND NACHOS FOR SURE...in a gas station?! But YES - THEY ARE AMAZING! Went there for the oil change free car wash deal and decided to get the carne asada nachos while I waited..I am now super addicted. I never buy food in a gas station either but I kept hearing this was where to go (pictures on yelp sold me). Little bit of a wait since it was just one guy on the grill but wow was it worth it.Chips so good & the carne had great flavor. Just had to write a review and noticed others saying it was better than Robertos - which i agree. I must not be alone...when I turned around with my food,I realized three people were ordering take out for their families...it says a lot when a person stops at a gas station and orders to go in my opinion it confirms it is good.
5	Never in a million years would I think to find great Mexican food inside a gas station. However, I've always thought the best Mexican food are found at the cheap joints. It is rare that I like the fancy Americanized Mexican joints.As far as food goes, it's the best that I've found in my neighborhood. I've ordered the mini carne asada tacos. He really hooked it up by giving 2-3 times the normal serving of meat, the chicken rolled tacos with guacamole are crack, & the carne asada nachos are large enough to share with 3-4 people. You might as well forget about your diet if you are ordering those nachos. Don't forget to top your food with the red hot sauce. It has a spicy kick to it.I like the affordable prices, affordable for the average college student. Cleanliness is always welcomed and it's reassuring to see him washing his hands before each order.The only cons that I can think of-Only one guy working and I wish they were open later on weekends. Even though he is fast, I think they can use one more employee during the busy meal times.
5	Tried this place based on a friends recommendation and yelp reviews. This is a place that holds true to its reviews. It is located inside a gas station. The portions are huge and the food is delicious. We ordered carne asada nachos and chicken tortas. Both were amazing! I would definitely come here again! Move over Robertos. My new favorite mexican joint. Oh and the tortilla chips are the freshest I've ever had! They are cooked to order!! I don't know how many restaurants can say that.
5	Awesome chicken chimichanga. Will definetly be back again. Hopefully the debit/cc machine will be fixed by then lol.
