5	After a long day of climbing at Red Rocks, me and Megan were in search of some Mexican food and some margaritas.  While pissing everyone behind us off driving down West Charleston at 25 mph trying to read every restaurant sign looking for someplace to fill our requirements, I finally saw this free-standing little place and we promptly u-turned and headed back.Inside was a cozy little place, well-cooled and comfortable.  Our waiter (I'm assuming Frank) came over with chips, salsa, and menus right away.  A+ on the chips and salsa.  An extensive menu (with all-day breakfast... which won Megans heart immediately) made our mouths start watering.  After waffling back and forth over the seemingly better and better choices, Megan finally settled on chicken soup & ropa vieja & I got the al pastor.  We also ordered some guacamole &, of course, margaritas to pass the time.  The guac & soup came out with some supplemental chips and damn were they tasty. Megans soup had large chunks of vegetables floating in it, and our waiter was happy to identify them all for us.  The guacamole was creamy and fresh and hit the spot after a day of dragging 30 lbs of gear through hot canyons.  Our plates came out shortly after... the ropa vieja was juicy as promised, and the al pastor had a great bite to it that really lingered on  the palate.Frank & Fina's is now our de facto mexican go to place in Vegas.  It's close to the scenic loop in Red Rock Canyon, and still way off the strip.  We're looking forward to our next climbing trip so we can kick back at a more leisurely pace here (we were on our way to the airport after the meal) and really take our time enjoying a great meal in a very  friendly & inviting location.
5	LOVE this place!!! it is really welcoming, authentic and fricken good!! good chips and salsa, pretty standard menu, but i go for the sweet potato enchiladas every single time bc they are sooo good!! sweet, creamy and delicious! and a really surprising compliment to black beans covered in cheese and nice spanish rice!!finish it off with some deep-fried ice cream and im done sonnn!!
4	I've been here a couple of times. i wish i could come here more often. It's very good homemade mexican food, but it's not too mexican which i like. i love this place because it's like a hole in the wall from the outside. but when you go in, it's very cute. i think this would be a cute place to go out on a date. very quiet and small. and most importantly it's clean. [which is not true for most mexican restaurants]i've had the salmon salad every time. i know it's really not mexican food, but it's SO yummmy. this is owned and run by a local family. i've heard that the parents own the one on sahara, and the son owns this location. and i'm all about support local businesses. try this place at least once!
5	Great food for a great price!  Lovely atmosphere - a true gem!
3	This is my youngest son's and his sweetheart's favorite Mexican restaurant. They've been wanting to take me here for years now. Maybe it was best that I waited...Chips and Salsa (** 1/2) Warm Tortilla Chips. Salsa was watery, and needed a bit of Green Onions!Queso Fundido (** 1/2 $6.75) Melted Queso Cheese and Chorizo Dip with Pico de Gallo - served with Flour Tortillas. Where was the Chorizo? Saw the remnants... Reddish Oil... must've been the meatless Chorizo. Once I added the Pico de Gallo.... tasted OK. Otherwise the Queso is just not Cheesey enough! Hint to Frank & FIna's... try adding Roasted Chile's to Queso to give it a bite! Or how about some Jalapeno?Al Pastor Dinner (*** $10.95) Marinated Red Pork. Barbecued Pork... way, way overcooked. Tough and chewy. My son had the Cochinita Pibil... the marinated Pork in that dish was nice and tender and flavorful. What happened to the Al Pastor? Side included a Tortilla cup of Refried Beans and a pile of Mexican Rice, and Flour Tortillas, which did not look home-made despite the claim.Sangria Carafe (**** $5.50) Bits of Apple and Lime in the Sangria mixture! Highlight of the evening... for me.Found out tonight that son's fiancee / gf likes Albondigas Soup... she has pretty good taste, Kevin.Inexpensive, and a very, very popular Mexican restaurant - not one empty seat in the house tonight! It seems, from the entrees I tried tonight, this restaurant is very non-committal in the preparation of their items... maybe trying not to offend anyone?  Maybe, I just ordered the wrong entree! Just do not see the fascination with Frank & Fina's Cocina!
4	From the outside, it just looks like another strip mall eatery....inside it's very cute and cozy.  The margaritas, tortilla soup and fried ice cream was great!  After reading reviews about the other location and hearing about Sweet Potato Enchiladas, I had to try them.  I made my friend order them (haha) and they were definitely different...but good.  The prices were reasonable and the service was great.
4	I really love their food. The have the best chicken enchiladas I've tasted. Sometimes I'll go in there just for the chips and salsa. their salsa is so good. and also my all time favorite mexican desert, strawberry filled churro with ice cream.
4	Sometimes I NEED Mexican food and have had some of the best I think (when in Santa Barbara don't miss La Super-Rica Taqueria, when in LA it's La Seranata on Pico in West LA-it's cheaper than the original downtown and just as good).After living in Mexican food wilderness (New York) for about 10 years my girlfriend and I made our way to Vegas. After trying several Mexican places here I stumbled upon the original Frank & Fina's on Charleston (now torn down) and followed them to their new location near Flamingo and 215. I've enjoyed their Tampaquena, Chile Rellanos and Enchiladas. While not the greatest on the planet Frank & Fina's is always satisfying. It's well priced and very accommodating.
4	Really, really good. Off the beaten path in a Target shopping area. GO!!!
4	I've never been big on Mexican food and when I do, I'm very picky in what I eat so the restaurant should have a big menu.  F&F's had just that.  From the outside, it's a little unclear whether the place is still in business (only because so many businesses in that area go out so quickly). But upon entering F&F's you know right away that this is going to be a good experience. The atmosphere is friendly right from the beginning and decor is one that makes you really feel in the mood for Mexican food.  The waiters are very nice and prompt and help with any questions (i usually have a few).  The food came fast and tasted as good, if not better, than any Mexican food I've had.  The prices are very reasonable and I can't wait to get in the mood for Mexican food again so I can go.
5	Very Good Chips and Salsa.Horrible Service but they try hardThe Food Makes up for it all.. Absolutely exceptional. And high quality.My favorites tend to be dirtbag taqueria's but this is amazing quality mexican. Margaritas a bit too sweet.Price is VERY VERY reasonable.Definitely worth it
4	Fantastic, friendly and fast service coupled with great food and a very relaxed authentic atmosphere. The portions are not expensive and are just a tad over what I can eat.
5	This place has the best Mexican food I have ever had.  It's really like home cooking.  I don't think they even own a microwave or a freezer, because everything tastes really fresh and flavorful.  The free chips and salsa is perfect, fresh made chips and just the right heat on the salsa.  I always get a salad with the house dressing, which is like a creamy vinaigrette. Yum.  I try to get something different every time and it's all very good.  Have never had a bad experience here.  The only "bad" thing is that the potions are big and you don't want to stop eating because it's so good and before you know it you've eaten too much and want to sleep the rest of the day away.If you like fresh and healthy mexican food, you MUST go here!
4	We were huge fans of their old location (Charleston & Jones I think, in an old IHOP building) and followed them to Summerlin when they opened there. They have the best Mexican food in Vegas, hands down. I do miss the charm of the old and rustic building as this new place has been Summerlin'd. If you like the heat, ask them to bring out their Habanero sauce. It's very deceptive and looks like a cream based sauce. I have no idea what manner of witch created this sauce, but it's pretty deadly.
4	Being from San Diego we are always looking for great Mexican food.  This place was excellent.  Atmosphere, service, food.  Thanks Yelp! for recommending this place.  We'll return next time we are in Vegas.
4	My fiance and I have been here once and had a very good experience. We enjoyed the food and the atmosphere. I would feel comfortable here dressing up a bit on a date or just wearing jeans. The service is good and the food is delicious. It has been a few months since we ate here and so my memory as to what I ate exactly is a bit hazy. I do remember some delicious salsa--I place it among the best I have tasted.
3	F&F's Cocina is a nice hole in wall Mexican restaurant off the 215 and flamingo.  This restaurant has a nice Cali/Mex decor and super fast service.  Went for lunch and the place was empty.  Compliments on some great fresh salsa that is very comparable to Lindo Much (my personal favorite).  Had a burrito with the sides and enjoyed my meal... Overall the price was right and the place was clean, fast, and flavorful so I give it a thumbs up.
4	I've dined here a few times, it's the cochinita pibil that keeps me coming back. First tried it in the Yucatan and this is one of the few places where I am able find similar flavors.
3	I was on the fence with Frank and Fina's as to whether I'd give three or four stars. I went with three mainly because I was disappointed in the main dish.I came here specifically to try the Cochinita Pibil. It's a slow-roasted pork dish. Supposedly it's wrapped in banana leaves. It didn't taste that much different from regular roasted pork. IT didn't taste like the flavors were slowly cooked in.Overall, it's a nice restaurant. They have good chips and salsa. And they give you an option to get pinto beans or black beans as refried beans. It didn't seem like a special restaurant, though.
4	Amazing!  I ate their albondigas soup when I was sick and I felt much better. Tasty food, elegant decor, and personable service!
2	Chips & salsa were ok, nothing spectacular. I wanted a burrito a la carte and our waitress told us it was the same price as a "meal", no discount. Every Mexican joint I've ever been to has an a la carte menu, apparently they didn't get the news.I had the carne asada burrito and the meat was way over salted. I also found a small bone in my meat and almost cracked a frickin' tooth, no good. My hunny had some vegetarian enchiladas that she liked but they didn't really stand out amongst the competition.Service was pretty lame, our waitress never checked on us once throughout our meal which is unacceptable in my opinion. I don't think we'll be going back here.
3	Frank and Fina's Cocina has a very good atmosphere in a very nice location.  The staff wasn't very friendly, but they weren't rude either.  The chips were good, light with a very satisfying crunch.  I found the salsa to be good, but not great.  It was simple and plain, with no spice.I ordered the carnitas burrito, while my friend ordered the ropa vieja.  My burrito was, once again, good but not great.  He said he enjoyed his dish.  Nothing was over or undercooked, but everything seemed to be missing an extra kick.  I could understand where people would like this, but it wasn't up to my palate.We finished the meal with fried ice cream, I've had better before, but it was still yummy.Worth the try, but wouldn't go again. Sorry Frank and Fina!
3	Went here for Cinco de Mayo dinner.  Hostess told us the wait was about 45 minutes and I think we were seating in a little less than that.  However watching the bus staff, they definitely could have been a little quicker in turning over the tables.  They also don't have a bar to sit in while you wait; just a couple small benches at the entrance.The atmosphere is nice and has a nice cantina feel to it.  Once we were seating, they brought the free chips and salsa immediately.  Guacamole is extra and was good (chunky and not watered down like a previous reviewer's was, so it may be hit or miss).  The owner roams around the restraurant and he brought us our food no more than 5 minutes after we ordered, as we simply ordered burritos and tacos.  I got the carne asada burrito enchilada style for around 10 bucks, and it was very good.  The best deal may be the tacos (2 a la carte for about $6).The weak point at this place was the service.  After we got our food, our waiter all but disappeared  for at least a half an hour, leaving me wanting another margarita but not getting one.  Once they finally came around to take our plates away, I found myself thinking ahead "do we want more chips? another taco?" as I wasn't sure the next time we would get that chance.  A sign of poor service in my opinion.  Even as the place started to clear out and we were just sitting around talking, they didnt bring us our check until we were one of the last tables still there.Overall, the food was tasty and I had an very enjoyable experience, mostly because of good company.  But I'm pretty sure we could of had that at a bunch of other places too.
2	Went here after searching for a decent mexican restaurant on on this side of town, and decided to try this place....Service was good, fresh brewed iced tea was good, but that was it! The chicken enchiladas I ordered weren't good, chicken had no flavor, and the chicken tamale was gross, it didn't even taste like a mexican tamale.... Next time I will go to a hole in the wall place because that's where you will get a very great meal on the east side of town.
3	I was forced into trying a new place for lunch today at work, so it was Frank & Fina's Cocina because of the good reviews here on yelp.The food was a great value and tasty.I had the chicken burrito-plain and a water so lunch was inexpensive.  The total for my portion without tip was $7.50 + tax.Soon after we sat down, the standard salsa and chips appetizer was at our table.  Our orders were taking promptly.The food came out ultra hot (which is a good thing) and in under 3 minutes it seemed.The chicken burrito was a flour tortilla stuffed with just chicken and there wasn't a single hint of grease in my burrito. Perfect!On the sides were a garnish of onions and tomatoes, re-fried beans in a taco shell bowl and a mound of Spanish rice.I took a few bites of the burrito then proceeded to stuff rice and the onions/tomatoes inside. It was very good.I would've given 4 stars if it wasn't for the fact that I was digging in my cup for ice towards the end of my meal.The food, however, begs for me to give this place a try again.
4	I am wavering between a 3 and 4 stars, but will default to 4 because the food really was fantastic. The wife and I ventured to Frank & Fina's at the recommendation of a vegan friend who noted their great vegetarian menu. The place is on the small side compared to most Mexican joints in town, but it was a clean, and decorated better than much of its competition. The prices were consistent with other top notch Mexican eateries, and the service was good noting how busy the place was. We started with chips and salsa. The chips were pretty standard, but the salsa was really good. Very fresh, and not too chunky, but definitely not watery. Every day that have different vegetarian specials, so this is really a shining star for us vegetarians that have to ask questions all the time to make sure we are good with the food.I had the veggie enchiladas with both red and green sauce, the wife had a hard and soft veggie taco. Both entrees were really good and very flavorful. I liked how the potatoes (yes, potatoes)  and zucchini in both the tacos and enchiladas were cooked. I liked the red sauce more than the green, but that is almost universally the case for me. The black beans were very good, but really salty, and the rice was perfectly cooked, not watery, not slimy but firm and well seasoned. We also had mojitos, which were very tasty and pretty strong.  My only complaint was that the food was super salty, and we could feel that during the rest of our evening. We will definitely be back to sample more of their veggie fare. Also, we noted that both dishes would have been amazing even without cheese, which is not the case for every Mexican place we eat.
4	The food was literally out 90 seconds after we ordered. $7.50 chicken burritos.  So fresh and so good!  Not greasy at all.  Perfect!The waitress was on her game and my cup was always full.  I am upgrading this place to 4 stars.
3	I had high expectations going on other yelps reviews and a waitress at Tacos & Tequila also recommended going.The house margarita was only $5.75 and had a nice portion of tequila.  But the food was only above average and the prices were rather high considering it's a neighborhood restaurant.  Maybe I am too picky.  For less money, I would rather go to Super Mex.
3	Loved the old location with Frank always stopping by talking to us.  Second time at this location and service not so good.  The ice tea is great and love the salsa.  Always good choice with the chili rellenos. Rest of friends liked the food they ordered.
4	We went here for lunch on a Sunday. A lot slower than it was for a Friday night dinner, which was nice. It also meant we had fantastic service, and we got our food right away and didn't eat our weight in chips and amazing salsa.My wife got the tacos as she did the last time, and was very pleased. I had the veggie taquitos, which were incredible. They were filled with potatoes, sweet potatoes, squash and zucchini. They were fried, but didn't have the grease dripping out of them like you can find elsewhere. They came with sour cream and a very good guacamole, which were nice additions to the meal. I definitely preferred the food this time around, probably because we didn't wait long and it was super fresh.
4	Wife and I had a craving for Mexican food for lunch today so we decided to try Frank & Fina's which we'd noticed on a couple of occasions while in the area. The restaurant is quite attractive, much better than you'd expect from the exterior.We ordered a nachos to share and I ordered carne asada tacos and carnitas tacos, both in soft corn tortillas.The first thing that arrived were the chips and salsa - I see a lot of love for their salsa on Yelp, however I found it tasted almost exactly like "Diablo" style pasta sauce and every bite sent me flashing back to the last time I lazily poured half a jar of the stuff over a plate full of hastily prepared rigatoni. Chips were good and the salsa was clearly prepared with care, just not to my taste at all.The nachos were quite light and pleasant and provided a nice grazing option while waiting for our meals.When the tacos arrived I was pleased. The carnitas were delicious and crispy in parts and the asada was cooked to delicious perfection. About the only improvement I could suggest for these tacos would be some element to combat them being just a tiny bit dry, perhaps some guacamole or sour cream as standard. Luckily I had some left over with the nachos and this complimented them well.Service was great throughout and overall I really enjoyed my meal here.
4	Went here for dinner Saturday night. Very nice place. We were greeted at the door, shown to our table. Within seconds we had salsa and chips. our server was great. Brought our drinks quickly. the salsa was a little to hot and spicy for me, the chips were fresh. We ordered bean dip which was very good. I liked the touch of the red onion. It was a small amount and not overwhelming. I ordered the charbroiled chicken. BF had the sweet potato enchilada. Both meals were excellent. We will be dining here again. Really enjoyed our meal.
4	This little eatery is a great find for those who want to enjoy non-chain restaurant. The service was fast and accurate. The menu was moderately priced. And the options were decent enough to allow an experienced foodie to try something different. The best part about this cocina is the quality. The food tasted fresh and tasty. I ordered the Chicken Mole Enchilada...it was delightful. I could taste the sweetness of the chocolate, the delicate bitterness of coffee, and a finish of light smoke. Looking forward to trying the fajitas next time.
5	Cannot believe I haven't reviewed this great mexican restaurant yet ... as my mind thinks of 3 things when I think of Frank & Fina's, and all three of them have "mole" in their name:  guacamole, mole (as in chicken enchiladas mole) and holy-mole sweet potato enchiladas!   (ok, not LOL funny..but you get my point!Try these 3 items and you'll be back ... for more mole!   Ole'(Misti your review inspired me ... as I've always tell people how great the sweet potato enchiladas are!  You must try next time!!)
4	After an afternoon of Target, Kohl's and Sears my husband was ready for his well deserved margarita. We headed to Frank & Fina's Cocina which we had stumbled upon during our previous shopping extravaganza. We were seated right away, despite the fact it was a hoppin Saturday night! Drink and chips were served very promptly by a friendly server. The margaritas were excellent and perfect ratio of alcohol to mixers.We ordered a few plates and ate them "family style" We had a Relleno, Mole Enchiladas and Carnitas Tacos. Yum, yum and yum. 100% satisfaction with all dishes. This has quickly moved up to my #1 "everyday" Mexican restaurant. I can't wait to come back and try more menu items. Fresh ingredients, full of flavor, reasonable prices. SOLD!
4	Met a colleague here for lunch the other day.  It was my first visit to Frank & Fina's.  I arrived early and was seated promptly by the hostess.  While I was browsing the menu, the owner Frank came out with Chips & Salsa and asked for my drink order suggesting a Margarita or Beer....hmmm, ok!  You don't have to ask me twice in a Mexican Restaurant if I want a Margi or Beer.  I ordered a Pacifico....what the hell, I don't have to go into an office and my afternoon was clear.While I waited for my friend, I decided I'd order the Nachos.  He arrived a few minutes later saw my Pacifico and ordered one for himself....I love how contagious Beer in a Mexican Restaurant can be!  We ordered our lunch and I like how the waitress asked me if wanted Jalapenos on my Nachos....I asked her if they could cut it fresh and put a lot on top...she said yes.We had a nice conversation while we waited for our food, which came out a short time after we ordered.  The place was packed for lunch and I expected the service to be much slower, but it wasn't.The Nachos were very good.  The proportion of Cheese, Guacamole, and Sour Cream were just right.  The proportion of Salsa and Onions were good too, relative to the amount of Chips.  The portion was on the Appetizer menu and it could easily feed two or three.  It's not a huge pile of Nachos like you find in some restaurants. For $5.50, it's not bad.  The flavor of all the ingredients were very good too.  The only complaint I have is that the Chips are too thin....they broke easily with the slightest amount of pressure....which forced me to eat most of the Nachos with a Fork.  That's sacrilegious to some Nachos aficionados...LOLWe had another Pacifico and continued our conversation for a while after lunch.  It was a pleasant experience.  As a bonus, I ran into two friends I haven't seen in 8 yrs who were sitting a the table next to us.Overall it was a good time.Will I return?  Of course!
4	Our first choice was kilroy's for a burger, they had a sign saying kitchen closed till further notice ? Anyway, decided to ck out out Frank & Fina's for our burger craving, jus kidding I know Mexican .  I had the special which was choice of two tamales , I chose the colorado and the chix mole tamale. The colorado was good but the flavors of the chix mole drowned out the colorado tamale . The mole sauce was deeply flavored u could taste the chocolate.  I'm jus begining to appreciate mole, before could not stand it now that I know the skill and many ingredients that make a mole I'm a fan . I also had to try the sweet potato enchilada, based on other yelpers recomendations, and besides I  luv sweet potato . The idea is promising , I did not care for the red sauce , IMHO  it was better suited for a savory enchilada . I like sweet potato w/ vanilla sauce or a caramel sauce like other places serve their sweet potato fries .  I think it would b great with their chocolaty flavored mole sauce just drizzled, not drenched.   Chocolate and sweet potato , I think it would b a winner, maybe next time I'll ask, u should too ;). The plating was nice not just thrown on hap hazardly. Rice and beans were good not dry or crusty. Chips and salsa alright , nothing special . I don't know what took us so long to go back last time we went they were on charlston blvd, over 5 years ago, I promise we won't wait that long again .
4	While Las Vegas has no shortage of Mexican restaurants, there aren't many worth visiting more than once.  Frank & Fina's Cocina is one of these delicious stops worth frequenting.  The staff is friendly and happy to offer recommendations from the kitchen.  Prices are quite reasonable, and the variety on the menu is fantastic.A few great dishes to try:  Homemade Pollo en Mole (chicken in a rich sauce made from cocoa, peppers, and love)  Carne Asada Tacos.The dining room is dimly lit but not in a romantic way, and it is usually a bit drafty inside.  This is wonderful during those sweltering August days, but less favorable when the temperature drops.  Frank & Fina's Cocina is an authentic experience at a fair price, don't miss it amigos.
4	After reading about tacos al pastor, I have been on a quest to try them.  So saying that, I have no experience to base them on.  But I ordered them here to try it out - my bf and I split them (if you order a entree and split something else, they don't charge you the $2 splitting fee) and each got a entree.The starting salsa and chips were ok, but I swear the salsa tasted like spicy marinara sauce. The tacos al pastor were delicious, but didn't have pineapple on top like I had hoped!  The plate comes with two, and they were huge.  I wish I had ordered the plate for myself and just eaten that. I ordered a carne asada burrito, because since discovering the best one ever in San Diego I have been on the quest for one in Vegas.  It was alright, but they charged .50 for cheese, Guacamole and Sour Cream....each.  They also put way too much sour cream in my burrito (and I love sour cream!) and I found the carne asada to be too salty.  My boyfriend got  the beef fajitas and they were great, the marinade on the beef was just right.  We joked because he even ate the guacamole (which he hates), the tomatoes (also hates) and the refried beans (also not a fan of) - he cleaned his plate!Their menu mentioned their homemade desserts, which is irresistible to me and I  didn't finish my burrito due to the sour cream overload - and when the waitress mentioned coconut flan I couldn't resist.  My bf and I split it, and it wasn't the normal creamy texture, the flan had almost separated and was kinda chunky - but with the toasted coconut it was very tasty.I'd go back tomorrow for tacos al pastor  :D
4	Frank & Fina's Cocina remains a consistent dinner choice for me.  I've been branching out from my usual order, and trying to experience more of the menu.  I recently discovered a new favorite:Machaca Burrito -  I didn't realize how insanely delicious Machaca was, and how fun it is to say....MACHAAAACAAA!!  It's marinated and shredded beef with eggs, and it wants to get to know you.  They do a great  Machaca here, keeping it tender and tasty.This is the best Mexican cuisine in Spring Valley.MACHAAAACCAAA!!
4	After a rousing morning of volunteering at Three Square, the Boss decides to take the whole team to lunch! Yay! The girls want Mexican and we just went to Lindo, so let's go to Frank and Fina's!Service is great here. We didn't have to wait long for anything--seating, food, the check, etc. The menu is one page, front and back, but it offers plenty of choices. There are at least SIX DIFFERENT vegetarian options, which is huge. I tried the chile relleno and vegetable tamale combo, which was excellent. The fact that they even offered veggie tamales was unusual (and appreciated.)The only downside I found was that they charge $2 if you split a dish. I'm not sure if this is an added gratuity or something, but I don't think much of it. I suppose not everyone know or follows the "tip as if you ordered two entrees" rule, so it's not a huge issue. Our server did note it as we ordered, which is appreciated.Will be back.
4	When they first opened, we came here for their charbroiled chicken.  It was good but not memorable.  It's been a few years and we've haven't thought about the restaurant.  But tonight I came back because I was curious about the sweet potato enchiladas.  Wow, it was packed tonight.  We waiting 25 minutes for food and another 15 minutes before they took our order.  I ordered the sweet potato enchiladas and my hubby ordered the carnitas.   The sweet potato enchiladas were good but not out of this world great.  It must be all the vegetarians giving the great reviews for the sweet potato enchiladas. Don't get me wrong I love vegetarian food but this dish doesn't make me have that "ah" moment and "OMG" this so the best thing ever.    I would not order it again.  I would however order the carnitas.  I did my ninja move and sneak a fork full of yum yum roast pork from hubby's plate.  The pork was excellent.  It was tender and tasty.  I had some sour cream and salsa with the meat and made it into a 4 star dish.  Con-  My hubby thought the portion size was too small but I disagree.  It was perfect for me.
4	We returned because I wanted Tacos Al Pastor again. This time I ordered the Al Pastor plate (which is like 4 tacos?) and my boyfriend got the green chile something or other. My al pastor was not nearly as good as my first review, it wasn't nearly as juicy and flavorful. However, my boyfriend was in love with his dish.  I am still keeping my 4 star score, and I will go back and order the al pastor!
1	Seriously, what is with all the hype?!?!?We got lousy service and our food was gross. I am not at all a picky eater but their mole tasted like somebody just mixed in yesterday's burnt coffee over some chicken and tortillas and called it a day. Keep searching yelpers, I'm sure there is better out their in Las Vegas.
4	I've heard a lot of people talk about the sweet potato enchiladas at Frank and Fina's. I finally got around to trying them and yeah, they were good. They weren't the transcendent culinary experience I expected, but they were tasty. It's basically just mashed sweet potatoes in a tortilla and topped with red sauce, cheese and sour cream. They weren't too sweet and the sauce added a delicious blend of spices to it. The dish came with rice and black beans. It wasn't a cheap lunch ($11), but it was good.The service was ridiculously quick. I probably waited around 5 minutes after ordering before the food came out. So, if you're looking for a quick spot for a sit-down lunch head over here.
5	While exploring around Vegas on our recent trip we stopped by this great place for a bite to eat. It was highly recommened to us by friends and  we had to try it out for ourselves. The chicken enchiladas and rice and beans were great along with the steak burrito. The churros I must say were quiet delicious. I would definately come back again when I'm in the area. The prices were quiet reasonable also. Good experience.
4	We used to go Frank & Fina's when they had a location on Charleston. My wife loved their flan and was having a flan craving the other days, so we decided to venture out to this location.I had the shrimp fina which was quite delicious. My wife ordered the sweet potato enchiladas. That was also pretty good. I was afraid I wouldn't like it 'cause I don't like sweets. However, it was just a very muted sweet.To cap off our dinner we shared the coconut flan. It was quite good, and my wife continues to contend that Frank & Fina's Cocina has the best flan out there.
5	We don't usually write reviews, but tonight I felt obligated. Everything was to perfection. I took Frank's recommendation for panuchos while my wife enjoyed the simplicity of a bean and cheese burrito. The ingredients were very fresh and Frank served us with the utmost care. We've been here a bunch of times, going back to the original location on Charleston, and it just seems to get better each time. Nothing bad to say. Thanks Frank. We'll be back.
5	Since moving here in vegas, by far the best Mexican Restaurant ive been to so far.
5	Frank & Finas...where have you been all of my 7 years in Las Vegas?! I'm so grateful to my friend E.B. for recommending this fantastic restaurant to me. The food was delicious and the only down side is that I just found out about it. Shucks! Anyways, great food, nice ambiance and great service. Can't wait to go back...the vegetarian enchiladas were amazing by the way....oh and the margaritas too, of course :)
3	I made reservations on cinco de mayo and was surprised the could even accommodate a party of 5. Although there was a wait outside we were seated immediately. The service was extremely slow and inattentive. The food and just meh...I also got the sweet potato enchiladas and really didnt think they were anything special. I would give it one more chance to see if anything is work going back for. For now i just want to move on to the next review and not wast my time with this mediocre resturant.
4	Very authentic, very tasty but be warned it is on the more expensive side.
3	Went here about 6 weeks ago, just getting around to posting a review.  Overall the food was pretty good.  Maybe nostalgic memories of them over on Charleston and Lindell are leaving me just a little dissatisfied.  I gotta wonder if the memory of food establishments from 20 years ago is really a good comparison for their current product offerings.
5	This is my FAVORITE place to eat in the entire world. Literally. I have never been disappointed with anything, the staff are some of the nicest people I've ever met and they always remember us and our favorite orders. I'm vegan and they ALWAYS remember/know I am going to ask for no dairy on the great vegetarian dishes they offer. You never have to wait long for your food and it tastes like authentic real Mexican/Yucatan food. We make it a point to eat there at least once a week and now that I have moved to LA I miss this restaurant so much! It quite literally is THE BEST Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas. Love ya Frank!
4	Best chips and salsa in town! The chicken Taquitos are AWESOME!!! Always a friendly staff when we go.. I'm a HUGE guacamole fan and this place just doesn't meet the mark... Clean and nicely decorated.. I always take friends and family there for good Mexican food! Good spot for large groups or families with kids! The food comes out fast, and if you're on a diet, they'll make it however you request it!
2	This is place should not boast Mexican, authentic food. So many people had told be to come here for great Mexican food, and so I finally did. I was extremely disappointed. The food here is Tex-Mex, at best. You can expect to get blobs of sour cream and cheddar cheese to top your cumin-tasting "Mexican" rice. The salsas were watery and dumbed-down. Again, very inauthentic. I ordered Carne Asada tacos, which are difficult to mess up in most places (though this "dish" does not really exist in Mexico). The seasonings were off and the cheese was unnecessary. The Cochinita Pibil tacos were okay, which is why I am giving the place one star. The decor is as tacky as one would expect in Las Vegas, and the lighting is even annoying. I would never come back here. i would be better off eating at Roberto's Taco Shop! They are equally disgusting, though the latter is cheaper! However, if you are not looking for authentic Mexican food, but actually the dumbed-down, sour cream and cheddar topped version, you definitely will enjoy this place. The staff is also very friendly, which is why I am giving the place another star.
4	Always outstanding. Brett loves the pork -- but today it's "conference call tacos."
4	We've been to Frank and Fina's a few of times and have not been disappointed yet.  We really like the food and service here - we always get a nice waiter.  The ambience is also not bad either!  Very clean and homey feeling and prices are reasonable in my opinion.If you're watching what you eat, the roasted chicken with tortillas on the side is a good option (think El Pollo Loco, but better).  I think I got two pieces one time and it was huge.  A favorite of ours is the carne asada torta.  Awesome!  The bread is nicely toasted and the guacamole is abundant.  Their meats are good too.  My kind of torta!  The burrito is also good - be sure to get it enchilada style.  The complimentary fresh chips and salsa is also a nice touch.This Mexican fare is simple, but delicious.  That coupled with good prices and a nice environment makes this a place we will visit again and again.
4	Basically a solid Mexican restaurant, decent prices, good food. Only complaint is the salsa is very mild, but if you ask them for some hot sauce they will give you some really spicy stuff. Mix it in with the salsa and it tastes much much better. I like the Chicken Fajitas as an Entree.
4	Frank & Fina's is bomb!  As much as I like hole in the wall Mexican joints, sometimes we want to get away from the barrage of "combo plates" and just get some good food.  The service here is excellent.  The waiters are super nice and very attentive to make sure you have water and complimentary chips and salsa.  Frank & Fina's is also decorated very nicely except this halogen light near the bar area....kinda ruins the well decorated eatery.  We've been here twice and one time I ordered the steak torta and also have eaten the steak burrito enchilada style.  The steak torta was so flavorful and I would have to say that it's going to be my staple at Frank & Fina's.  The steak burrito was a little to saucy and cheesy for me.  But, I was trying something new.  My wife had ordered the Chicken plate.  It comes with a quarter grilled chicken, rice, beans, and some tortillas.  This was delicious and I would recommend it to anyone.  They have a bunch of different Mexican deserts which we opted not to have since we were so full.  If you haven't been to Frank & Fina's don't hesitate because the food is awesome and the services is 110%!
4	Loved them when they had the A Frame dive over on Charleston, but love the new location.  Upscale Mexican.  Different from the typical local Mexican fare... much more exotic.. especially if you're lucky enough to have Frank wait on you.  He's a trip!
5	Muy muuuuyy bien! I'm going to say that Frank & Fina's is the best mexican restaurant in town (well...on the west side of the strip). I absolutely love this place. The tortilla chips and salsa are fresh, the food is amazing and the servers are very friendly. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu, my favorite is the carnitas tacos. Juicy, crispy pork on fresh corn tortillas. It's a small location in summerlin and perfect for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Five stars. Go try it.
5	This is my favorite Mexican restaurant by far! The staff is really friendly and the food is so good. Definitely recommended if you are in the area.
5	Quite possibly THE BEST Mexican Cuisine in Las Vegas! My favorite spot for sure! The staff is wonderful, the food comes out quick, hot, delicious, and AUTHENTIC. Being from Spanish decent, everything I have tried on the menu, so far, has impressed me!! Being from out of town, I always stop by this place when I'm in Vegas. See you tomorrow :)
5	Big glasses of tea.  Good multi chips & salsa. Nice decor & atmosphere.  Friendly quick service.  Tasty chunky guacamole.  Received food fast and hot.  Sweet potato enchiladas to die for.  Complex mole.  Black beans in crispy shell. Big chunks of pork in tamale with tasty verde sauce.  Husband got the ground beef  tacos (always) and loved them.   Big servings and quite reasonable for QUALITY.  In shopping center but easy to see signage.
5	I have searched the US for the perfect chile relleno, & I've been dissapointed many times over! Little did I know the most perfect chile relleno was just here in my home town, at Frank & Fina's Cocina! We tried their steak uxtal & chuletas... needless to say our plates were licked clean! Am very picky when it comes to mexican food, this is the only place I will go to! Prices are reasonable & definitely worth every bite! The staff & atmosphere is friendly, clean...u might even catch a glimpse of the Frank & Fina themselves humbly working in their beloved restaurant! If you are looking for a good authentic delicious mexican place, come here, u won't regret it!
4	Frank and Fina's has been one of my go to favorites for years!  I always suggest it for girly lunches with loads of chatty women and friends or casual dinners.  It has a very neighborhood feel.  It is very affordable and delicious.  Margaritas are $5  - try to find that elsewhere.  Sangria is $10 but is served in a little carafe that holds 2 glasses.  I just dined the other day and everything was tasty and friendly as usual.  The chicken or steak and avocado salad is always a winner.  Lots of steak, sliced red onions, cucmbers, and big slices of fresh avocado all drizzled with house vinaigrette make it a mexican style salad you can sink your teeth into but not feel guilty about.Their soups are excellent.  I am a big fan of the albondigas (meatball).  It tastes just like a sweet little grandma made it.  Hearty chunks of carrot, chayote, potato, and big flavorful meatballs all on a hot hot slurpable broth.  I usually do a bowl of that and 2 a la carte tacos for a perfect lunch!They have other winners that I reccomend trying like the sweet potato enchiladas (yup!) and the chuletas - yummy pork chops tossed with copious amounts of blackend onions, served with tortillas and all the goods.It isn't THE best Mexican you have ever had in your life....but it is very good, very affordable, and a nice place to sit and dine.
4	This restaurant is wonderful.  I have been eating there for years (When they were on Charleston).  The Queso Fundido is my favorite.  Overall the atmosphere is good and the food is great!
2	I really use to like this place, but lately not so much. I asked for black beans instead of the refried, and the refried showed up. Then it was $11 for two small tacos. I really didn't believe it, but checked my bill and there it was. Don't think I'll be going back. Very sad. I always wanted this to be my default mexican restaurant for my Slow Carb meal plan in 2012. :(
3	Not impressed. The only thing I liked about this restaurant was that Frank himself waited on us and I like family owned businesses. The food sadly is mediocre and nothing to write home about. I was greatly dissapointed in the tortillas served with dinner. They were not homeade and tasted as though they were once frozen and re-warmed. The guacamole was bland and also a let down. The atmosphere was dark (a little too dark) with intimate seating arrangments. The children selections were non impressive either. We will not be returning. Pretty low on the authentic mexican food scale for me.
5	We love this place. Locally owned where the Frank of Frank & Finas  waits tables and ensures guests are happy with the food and service. We had a carne asada burrito and a chicken special. Both were delicious. The salsa has a very nice flavor and the chips are thin and crispy. Overall, a great meal and very affordable. Nice job!
4	Thank you Yelp. Not for introducing me to another good restaurant, but for introducing me to new friends who introduced me to a good restaurant. I tend to not be the most available individual, but Robyn and Kevin L. have been very patient with me. After a few failed get together attempts, we finally met at Frank and Fina's for dinner. I have had this on my bookmarks for a few months and was happy to try something new. Of course I fell victim to the infamous Sweet Potato Enchiladas ($10.25) and a Margarita on the rocks with salt ($5.75). Two nice size tortilla rolls filled with mashed sweet potatoes caught me off guard with the natural candy like flavor. After a few more bites, I adjusted, and they were delicious. I was also able to taste Robyn's Guacamole and Kevin's Queso Fundido. Both were good. The first might be bland for some, but I could eat a whole guacamole with nothing else, so that did not bother me. The cheese dip was fantastic. Served with soft flour tortillas, you will need more to get all of the melty goodness. It would be a sin to waste any,If a good meal is not enough, bring some friends along because it is a chill atmosphere. Throughout dinner, we were checked upon, but it did not interfere with conversation. The quiet setting is perfect for dates or catching up.
5	My favorite salsa in town. Sometimes I just stop by to buy a big tub of it to go! Can't go wrong with the sweet potato enchiladas or any item with carne asada. Another must: the queso fundido as an appetizer. You'll be fighting over it!
5	You will love this place!  Great food and fast service makes Frank & Fina the great Mexican restaurant.  And it helps when the owners are working at the front line.  You will never get a bad meal here!
4	I ordered one of the day's specials - pork Veracruz.  It was tender, juicy, cubed pork loin with raisins, onions, olives, and tomatoes.  It was a great sauce and I wish I had some bread to sop up the juices left after everything was gone.  I finished it like I would any tasty broth.Dessert was an order of cream filled churros.  They came with a side of ice cream drizzled with caramel and chocolate.  Delicious!The restaurant is really a comfortable place.  Service was very good.  The man and woman helped each other and they were very pleasant and polite.  This was my first visit, but it won't be my last.Make sure you check the specials board when you come in the door.
4	I read a review from Norm K. and just had to check this place out! Boy, am I glad I did. I ordered the special also as he suggested " Pork Veracruz" and it was delicious. The "Vegetable Soup w/ Meatball Soup" was just as savory. I posted some photos, I will definitely be back soon.  Overall...the food is excellent and you must order the Flan.
3	I was looking for an alternative to my 3 favorite Vegas Mexican spots (Phat Phranks, El Sombrero, and Mundo) just to change things up. It's not really anywhere close to my house, but it's close enough to my office to justify an occasional lunch here. I can't say I was WOWed. Chips and salsa were complimentary, but just "meh". My enchilada had sour cream on top, which was a nice touch, but overall wasn't anything special.I can say the space was nice and service was very quick. I'll give them another try because prices were fairly reasonable and there might be some hidden gems on the menu to seek out... In the meantime I'll stick with my go-to places for Mexican !
5	Exceptional. The food was astounding, the service is excellent, and the prices were very reasonable. They have a large section of vegetarian options, tried a few of them and was blown away at the taste! I didn't miss the meat at all! This restaurant is a gem! Not to be missed!!Note, for those wary of the "Sweet Potato Enchiladas" the filling is chunks of potatos not a sweet potato mash, and they are excellent.
5	Every table filled at 8 pm on a Thursday should begin to tell you about this little hole in the wall Mexican Cocina. Reasonable prices and great service. Fresh chips and salsa was a great way to start. My husband ordered the ribeye and shrimp fajitas and I ordered the shrimp diavlo. Amazing! For dessert we shared a cream filled churro served with ice cream topped with caramel and chocolate sauce. We highly recommend and will be back again soon!
4	Was introduced to this restaurant about 7-8 years ago when they still had their A-frame place on Charleston. We used to go there for lunch & have the tortas which were yummy! Have still been going since they moved and still pleased with the food :) Good authentic Mexican food and nice ambiance in the restaurant.
4	In a city with so many food choices it's nice to know the good ones.  It's a mom and pop type of place with quality food and service.  I've been there many times and the food is always fresh and the service is prompt.  The menu has a wide selection of dishes that range from classic Mexican items to house specialties.  It's defiantly more of a locals place as it off the strip, but if you're in the area check it out.  The fried ice cream is pretty good too.
5	Frank and Fina's is the best!  My favorites are: Shrimp Diablo, Chicken Chimichangas, Tacos Panuchas and the Fish Tacos.  My children love the Soups, Taquitos, Nachos (salsa on the side) and Quesadillas.  Although, it appears that the side portions are premeasured in the little bowl shaped shells for the beans and the round rice mound, the servings are quite generous and very filling!  The staff is very friendly and the service is fast and professional. I always get the feel that "Mi Casa es Su Casa" at Frank and Fina's.
5	On my first visit here, I was very impressed to see they have vegetarian dishes on the menu.  They can make these dishes vegan if you ask.  The food is AWESOME, the service is AWESOME and the staff is very friendly and tends to your needs.This place is worth the drive no matter where you are.  The food is some of the best mexican food I have had in this town.  This is a repeat place for me as there are so many things I want to try here and like I said, you will NOT be disappointed.
5	Great food here, fresh and hot. Good service, Try the Fajitas or grilled chicken. Never had a bad meal here.
5	The service was spot on!!! My boyfriend and I both had beef enchilladas. We both ordered the lunch special but my boyfriend wanted to add one more al la carte and the server recommended us a combo menu that would save us a couple of extra bucks. Amazing food and service! Definitely will be back!
4	We had the opportunity to try Frank & Fina's today! Delish!We went there around 1pm on a Saturday, no wait. There were other patrons there but it wasn't overly crowded. As soon as we were seated chips and salsa were placed on the table.We ordered:-Riesling-Empenadas-#4 combination (1 crispy beef taco, 1 enchilada, rice & beans)-Chicken mole enchiladasIt tasted very authentic and the pricing was moderate for standard fare Mexican food. The beef in the crispy taco, while flavorful, was slightly dry.Service was very good, multiple waiters helped us and everyone was friendly.I will definitely be back when a Mexican food craving hits.
4	This place is tasty.  Great grilled chicken salad- my favorite in town.  I preferred the other location on Charleston better, so I've only eaten here once since they moved out into BFE- but the restaraunt is still as solid as it has ever been.
4	I love this place, for a light meal I have the small toastata... Delicious
5	As good as it gets. We have not gotten better Mexican food in Las Vegas. I come from the Mid West, my husband comes from the North West, we have searched for over 3 years to find equivalent Mexican here and at last have found it! My chicken enchilada with mole sauce to die for and his big burrito the size of your face. Check out the photos here, very helpful.Ambience a notch up from fast food, great wait staff, nice decor, comfortable chairs, great prices. Seats 50. We spent $24 dinner for 2, and were stuffed. Couldn't eat it all & took home leftovers. If you are looking for impression, take your date to Mundo (restaurant in World Market Center, $$$), if you just want great Mexican food, in a nice setting, at a really great price ($). Go here. We will be going again & again.
5	This place is WONDERFUL. I sometimes hate how gaudy Mexican restaurants can be in Vegas. When you walk into F&F's, you know you're in a Mexican restaurant, but it's cute and classy and definitely not over the top. The lighting is dim and it does not feel like every other Mexican restaurant in town. It's really cute inside! I love the vibe and the way the restaurant is set up.  The menu is laid out in a very "American-friendly" way in that the dishes are explained well for those of us who may not know what things are or what the Spanish words for certain dishes mean. That is a huge plus for me! Within two minutes of being seated, chips and salsa were brought to our table. That is an immediate star. I didn't even have to ask. Also, our drinks were never empty and they came within 30 seconds of ordering. We also ordered bean dip and it was delivered within a few minutes. It was as good as any other bean dip I've had at any other Mexican restaurant, but it came with pico de gallo on top, which was also a plus. I was flustered and couldn't decide what to order (this happens to me constantly) so I just ordered two tacos - one crispy chicken and one pork adobada with rice and beans. My gf ordered the fajitas. Our food came out within 15 minutes, or at least that's what it seemed like. My gf and I are "talkers" so time almost always goes by quickly when we are dining. Now, this review may be a bit biased because it was about 8pm and it was the first meal we had eaten all day. We partied pretty hard on Saturday and basically slept all day on Sunday... so we were starving. BUT, my tacos were DELICIOUS. The crispy chicken was juicy and the pork adobada sauce was tasty and not overpowering. There wasn't too much sauce, which I love. Now, these were not as great as the tacos at Tacos Al Gordo, but they was close enough for me! I definitely recommend trying the crispy chicken tacos - YUM. My gf seemed to really enjoy  her fajitas too! And the prices were extremely reasonable and actually cheaper than most upscale Mexican restaurants I have been to.  As far as food goes, I think this place deserves about 4 stars. However, because the service was so wonderful (we must have had about 3 different people taking care of us) and the ambiance was perfect, I have to give 5 stars. This is my new favorite Mexican restaurant! CHECK IT OUT.  Next time, I'm trying the sweet potato enchiladas! :)
3	I read the reviews on here and everyone had good things to say so we decided to try this place since it's only a few minutes up the street.  We walk in and it's a very nice simple family looking small mexican restaurant.  It wasn't very busy at all.  We got sat, and someone immediately took our drink order and brought our drinks right away, we received chips and salsa immediately and ordered a small side of quacamole (which was brought out in less then a minute) and had our dinner order taken very quickly.  Everything was fast and great so far.  We received our dinners for the 3 of us in probably 5-7 minutes.  I ordered the enchilada with mole sauce (which was VERY good), my dad ordered the seafood shrimp and crab enchiladas which was rich but very yummy.  Prices were very good too on their menu. Pretty much most of their dinners were right around the $10 range. So for everything I mentioned so far, I'd give this place 4 stars maybe even 5 stars.  But suddenly things completely changed after we received our entrees, (remember the restaurant was not busy at all that night and I think there were only 5 or so other tables dining at the same time as we were)  So after we received our entrees NO server ever came back to the table, our glasses were completely empty, we couldn't even flag someone down til we were completely done.  We finally got a server to refill our drinks.  He then asked us if we wanted dessert. Dessert seemed a bit pricey and everything was $4.50 (almost half the price of the dinner)  So we decided to get a flan and an order of churros (you had a choice of what kind of filling you wanted too.  The choices were cream, chocolate or strawberry) So we chose the cream.  When it came out, it was a small slice of flan and 1 small churro approx 2 - 3 inches in length and a scoop of ice cream FOR $4.25 WHAT A RIP OFF!!!!!!!!!!!So ok we know next time just stick with dinner and no dessert.  So again we are waiting and waiting and NO server, no anybody to come give us our check.  after 5-7 minutes we finally get our check, and we immediately give him our card to pay.  I want you to keep in mind that again this is a small place and we are sitting right next to a small wall divider by the side station where they get drinks and the open kitchen where they are picking up all the food orders.  After 10 minutes of waiting for our card to be returned, I finally stood up and waived to our server over the wall into the side station and motioned for her to give us our card back so we can pay and leave.  She acknowledged me and then went to the table next to us to greet them and get their drink order. She did not have our card on her and never said anything to us. After another 5 minutes we asked someone else and he finally brought it to us.  I made it very clear to him that dinner was great everything was fast and then the service was horrible and we have literally been starting at the table/wall for 15 minutes just waiting to pay and leave and that is unacceptable.  So... 4 or 5 stars for food and the speedy service to start with 1 star for the lack of service after our food arrives for an avg of 3 stars.  Would I go back again??? YES... dinner and the prices are good, I would never order dessert again and I will not tolerate that slow of poor service after the entrees a 2nd time in a row (there was absolutely no reason for it)
4	Been a fan of this place since thier Charleston location (wish it was still open).  Food is great, service can be spotty though.   I don't like that fact that you get small scope of beans and rice in a tiny corn tortilla bowl.  I assume they do this because most poeple don't eat the beans and rice so it is more cost effective not to serve large amounts.
5	We love this place. Great food and really nice people.  You won't break the bank either.  Another great meal.
5	I put as much of a premium on service as I do on food; I won't go back to a place where the wait staff is inattentive or doesn't seem to care. Frank & Fina's has the perfect combination - outstanding food with outstanding service. It's slightly pricier than many Mexican restaurants in town but absolutely worth it. The food is authentic Mexican - no one at our table had even the slightest criticism about their meal, which almost never happens. The restaurant is convenient to anyone on the west side of Las Vegas, and the fact that it's just off the 215 Beltway makes it accessible for those in Henderson, too. A great place.
1	Well went out with my wife to try some new Mexican restaurant and this was a bad choice.  We walked in and expected something nicer from the outside.  We sat there about ten minutes with no contact from anyone until the busser brought us a bowl of chips and salsa.  Can I just say that the salsa did not taste fresh nor unique.  Well had to wait another ten minutes while we watched the busser clean two table before even asking us for a drink order.Now we wait for at least 15 more minutes, to the point we almost got up and left but we were hungry.  The older gentleman, that was our waiter, sneaked up and just asked "what can i get you"?  Didn't even introduce him self nor recommended anything.  The food was well BLAH.  My taco was soggy on the bottom and all the filling fell out.  The enchilada was hard to eat due to the over cooked shredded beef.Well here is where they really messed up.  We sat there with our napkins on our plates for at least 15 min before being presented with the check, from the hostess.  Now we got up to go pay for the meal and the waiter had the audacity to stop my wife and ask her if he can help her with anything insinuating that we were trying to walk out on the bill.  Dude I had the check in my hand.  Even worse he began talking Spanish to the hostess saying "I thought they were trying to leave", once again Dude I speak fluent Spanish.I can defiantly say we will never be back to this run down, want-to-be Mexican restaurant.  Lo siento pero nunca voy a regresar.
2	Must have hit it on a bad night. Super bummed with the service and the food. The black bean display is quite odd and I ordered a 15 dollar shrimp dish that left me wondering what id just ate. Beautiful decor and authentic vibes, the food just flopped. We had four different servers, one for drinks one took our food order, one brought the food and one server once I stared and tried to make eye contact refilled my water. I love supporting small places, family places and rly dislike leaving less than stellar reviews, especially one w such great ones. I wanted to love my dinner and rave about it, instead I write this as my disappointment was that big.
4	Good food and excellent service! Nice atmosphere. Not the best mexican food, but tasty!
1	First I would like to say the food is phenomenal.  Second the service is the worst I have ever had in the ten years I have lived in Las Vegas.  The atmosphere is simply.  And there is nothing wrong with that.  The waiters are lazy. Everytime I decide to dine in they do not check on me unless it is to bring the check. It is never busy.  And I have seen the staff on their phones more than anything else. I suggest only purchasing take out from this place.  It may possibly be the best mexican in Las Vegas. The quality of food is superb.  But the front of house is horrendous.  I'm not even going to begin to describe what happened to me there tonight.  Truly I will never eat in at this restaurant I would rather order out and eat two doors down at samurai sams.
4	I love this restaurant and receive wonderful customer service every time I visit!
2	This is an update from my last review of 5 stars May 2012. The chicken enchildadas and tamales was tasteless. The refried beans were watered down; apparent in its appearance substantiated by its taste. The chicken mole was also lacking in flavor. We won't be returning; especially since there are so many other better restaurants with new ones cropping up continuously.
4	Food is delicious. Service is terrible. I have eaten here many times and liked it all of the times. Recently I went back and loved the food!  The salsa is fantastic. The steak fajitas are great! Their enchiladas are good too. The service is horrible! After asking for a refill of our drinks it took over 7 minutes for them to come back to refill our drinks. After asking for our check it took another 10 minutes to see it!!  I love the food but the service is frustrating!
3	Very good food.  While in Vegas, I will eat here again and again.   Service was average at best yet for me the food was well worth the slower service.   Please know coming in the service is slower and please do not expect the world.
4	I came here for lunch with some coworkers. The service was good, as my drink was always refilled timely. The chips and salsa likewise. However, the salsa was a bit bland. It lacked flavor and heat. For my meal, I ordered the tamales (one beef and one pork). It came with a side of rice and beans, which is standard for any sit down Mexican restaurant. The tamales were extra cheesy on top. A definite plus in my book. The meats were tender and delicious. The portion size was ample. Overall, a solid restaurant.
4	This is a friendly local restaurant.  The service is quick and the staff friendly.  It's a good place when you want Mexican food but want a step up from fast food or casual quick.  I will say, however, on both of my visits, my meal was good but arrived at my table barely warm.  Would have been better had my meals been served hot.  Dinner for 2 including drinks and tip was just over $40.00.
4	Been here a couple of times and have neglected to review until now (thanks, daily rehearsals!!).  Both visits resulted in happy tummies, assisted by friendly and helpful waitstaff.  All dishes sampled were tasty and flavourful without being greasy.  On my last visit, I enjoyed the huevos and chorizo (scrambled eggs and sausage) immensely -- spicy, filling, and yummy.  Portions are generous and the chips and salsa appetizer (gratis) help to stave hunger pangs while waiting for your meal.  The salsa could be a little bit spicier, but it tasted fresh and tomato-y.  The decor has an intimate feel to it: dim lighting and understated wall art (nothing gaudy or over-the-top).  I would enjoy a dinner here on a date night.  :)
5	I've been coming to Frank and Finas for years now. Used to go to the old location on Charleston too. I had to review because I am surprised at all the negative service comments. Every time I have had great service, always fast and super friendly. Frank and his daughter are always helpful and on top of everything. Love the vegetarian items but my heart belongs to the shredded beef tacos and chile rellanos. It's surprisingly hard to find good Mexican food in Vegas and this place is consistently good. Still miss my LA Mexican joints though!
5	Great Mexican food and Great Service. We ordered To-Go and the service was awesome! The atmosphere is cute with an authentic Spanish feel. Ordered the Carnitas Dinner and Carne Asada burrito, both were perfect and cooked really well. Always the first place that comes up when we're craving some Mexican food.
5	Chuck at Royal Links GC highly recommended Frank & Fina's when we asked for a good Mexican restaurant.  He was right.  Started with guacamole, chips and salsa.  Chicken enchilada suizas, chile rellenos, Chicken Nolan (a specialty) beans, rice and fried bananas with the Chicken Nolan.  Everything was fresh and delicious.  The service was excellent and Frank is a character and you can see he really enjoys what he does.  Finished with sopaipillas with honey and cinnamon sugar and ice cream on the side.  Yummy.  We are only here a week, but definitely going back.  A must try.
4	* Good food* Fast service* Fair prices* The staff was friendly and definitely had some personality...* The only reason I didn't give them a fifth star is because they do not give free chips and salsa! boo
4	Been a few times, one of the better mexican restaurants in town.
5	I absolutely love this place. The owner, Frank is a friendly guy who you can see occasionally serving tables and dishing out recommendations. Their food is authentic Mexican, not like those restaurant chains that claim to be. I enjoy their carnitas crunchy tacos and the chips and salsa. As a firm believer that the salsa says a lot about the food quality, you won't be disappointed. the prices are reasonable and service is great.
2	Bland food, inattentive service.  An upstate New Yorker recommended this place; I don't think they have eaten a lot of Mexican food.  I would take seniors here who do not care if their food tastes good.  It was not bad food, just bland food.
4	I went there for lunch to sample the food as I wanted to place a large order for my daughter's graduation party. My review is for the catering experience. For about $20.00 per person (including tax) we got a massive amount of food, 3 types of fajitas (including shrimp, which was incredibly tasty and plentiful) carnitas empanadas, spinach and cheese tamales, and the tastiest cheese enchiladas I ever had. They were so soft, they tasted like they were wrapped in pasta, not tortillas. All this plus rice, beans, guacamole salsa, lettuce, cheese and tortillas. Everybody was very impressed by the food. I was also VERY impressed by the personal service, the owners themselves brought the food and helped me set it up. Very nice people, and Fina, the lady who helped me with the order, was very helpful, professional and pleasant. I highly recommend this restaurant!
4	I cannot believe I have passed this restaurant for years and not seen it!  Four of us  went after a recommendation from a friend.  Service was excellent, as the waitress filled our water glasses, beverages before the were empty, as well as the salsa and chips.  Salsa was good, with a roasted flavor and spicy!  We ordered the pork mole special, chicken mole enchiladas, sweet potato enchiladas and chicken enchiladas.  All had a side of rice, fried plantains, and refried beans in a molded tortilla shell.  The pork and chicken were both extremely tender and the mole was flavorful and tangy.  The sweet potato enchiladas were unique and had great flavor.  My only disappointment is that I haven't discovered this hidden gem sooner!Go!  You won't be disappointed!
3	I wish there's a 3.5 star option.  The food and service were good, but nothing was special enough for me want to go back.  The Chili Relleno was kinda disappointing.  The pork dishes were tasty.  It must be hard for Mexican restaurants to stand out because of the massive competition.
5	The most amazing Mexican food I have ever eaten. Especially with my limited options, being vegan. The food tastes clean and fresh. I would consider myself a regular. Visiting 5+times a month. The service staff is super friendly and always makes me and my girlfriend feel welcome. They've memorized our orders exactly every time we come in. And they get it right every single time. I'm always recommending this restaurant to family and friends. It's always the place I take my family or friends visiting from out of town. And the owner frank is such a sweet heart. I respect him so much as a restaurant owner because he puts on an apron and works as a server. That shows passion.
5	My sister and I took out my Mom for her birthday.  My mom had the vegetarian special - a stuffed zucchini filled with cheeses, mushrooms, carrots which she loved which came with a vegetarian tamale, rice and smashed black beans.  She loved it!  My sister had a gorgeously plated green salad with large prawns and a chile relleno.  She gave me a bite - and it was breaded so lightly, very delicious.  I had their two item plate with a chicken tostada, I love it layered with refried beans at the base, cheeses and shredded plump chicken with a chicken enchilada, by the way I love their sauce. It has a bitterness to it, which reminds me of a mole which I almost opted for.My mom said this is one of those places that when you start to eat wonder why haven't come here more often!  The waitress remembered us which made us feel welcome.  And to me customer service is what brings me back and returning to a place I love over and over!Keep it up Frank n Fina's!
5	I LOVE their crispy chicken tacos....it's the only thing I order when I go there. I just have one little comment...I wish they would cover up the glaring florescent light in the back of the original section of the restaurant (the side on the way to the restrooms). Hanging a couple of Mexican-style blankets from the ceiling would help - I cringe when I see the hostess heading that way to seat us specifically because of the harsh light there.
5	I've been to a lot of the Mexican places in town and this is by far the best. The service is always friendly and the prices are very reasonable. Their carnitas are probably the best I've had and their house habenero sauce is great. Ask for it when you go if you like the heat. The mole and chicken anything is great as well. Can't go wrong with anyone of the desserts either. This place is a must if you want good Mexican food. It blows away the local competition.
5	Such great food! The guacamole is awesome and you can get a half order. Everyone is very friendly and the service is stellar!!!  You definitely must try this place!
4	Great food, always remember to check the specials board.  They do get one star off for having below par margaritas .... but again the food is great.  The service is always friendly.  They also have vegetarian dishes .... kudos to them for that.I suggest trying the Carnitas, the Chicken and the Queso Fundido with Chorizo.
4	My friends mispronounced the name so I thought I was agreeing to an Italian meal, but was pleasantly surprised.  My gf doesn't usually like Mexican food, but both she and I walked out saying we'd surely be back.The best point here is the service.  Don't get me wrong, the food is good, but the service is terrific.  The hostess and servers are all very personable.  And if it's their table or not, all servers are looking around the entire restaurant to see that everyone is happy.  Can someone teach other restaurants this simple lesson?  Food:  My gf really enjoyed her shrimp, in a very tasty sauce (I don't know which), and a big enough serving to provide leftovers.  I had the Huevos Rancheros, which are among the best I've had in Vegas.  Everywhere I go, I try the Rancheros and am typically disappointed.  It's become a running joke with my friends and me.  So when the waitress recommended it, we laughed, but she persisted.  Thank you!  The waitress also recommended the sweet potato enchilada - delicious!  Not too heavy, and not too cheesy/saucy.  They've nailed this dish perfectly.  My gf loved the flan, but I thought it was a bit too dense.  Summary, this is a solid place to eat, with very reasonable prices.  This goes in our regular rotation.
5	This place is amazing! I am visiting Las Vegas and am vegan, and when I said that I was vegan (to Frank, the owner and our server) he knew what I meant and had a suggestion. I went with his suggestion, the homemade vegetable tamales with a red sauce without the dairy, served with rice and beans. SO. GOOD. I also go the guacamole and that was also amazing! The staff was friendly, the place was comfortable and the food was delicious! Can't wait to come back to Las Vegas now!
5	Best Mexican food I've ever had. Every dish there is awesome.
5	We love Frank and Fina's! We went again last night, a regular stop when we have friends visiting from CA. . Very comfortable home type atmosphere, not to loud to catch up with friends! The food is always fast and delicious. The service is wonderful. We love the homemade Salsa, the Carnitas and the Quesadillas.We will be back.
4	Frank & Fina's is a quaint family restaurant serving some really good Mexican cuisine.  I've dined here many times there is never a lack of consistent fresh ingredient flavor.  Daily specials are good, but are always eerily similar to other dishes on the menu.  Service is good and friendly.  Definitely recommend a visit
2	I've had better mexican food. So-so.  Also 3.00 charge to share a plate which is always a poor sign of customer service to me.   Why is it ok for you to charge me a second time for food i can't finish. They would rather I waste it.
4	Pretty good and super sweet older man as our server. He really went out of his way to check with the kitchen to accommodate me in my requests in changing some things on a dish that I ordered. We loved the sopapillas for dessert too ;) the only thing weird I noticed was the radio was breaking up and going fuzzy which was semi annoying.
4	I am very impressed with Frank & Fina's! I had actually never heard of the place, but I was in the area and am always looking for good Mexican food, so I thought I'd give them a try.Turns out the food is very good, among the best Mexican I've had in Vegas (and I've been searching for good Mexican restaurants here for nearly 3 years!). I've been several times now, and the service can be spotty, but everyone is always friendly.I wish they stayed open a bit later, but I suppose the area doesn't support many late night restaurants. :)Overall, Frank & Fina's has become my "go-to" place for Mexican food. The atmosphere and friendliness are good, and the food has been consistently pretty good. The chips and salsa are great by the way! Price-wise, they are about typical for mid-range Mexican food.If you haven't tried this place, definitely give it a shot!
4	Service was very good. They have awesome pork carnitas! Great flavor. I had the torta. Flavor was nice. My only complaint was it was a little on the small side, just a little:-) their salsa is also very good with the house chips. My friend got the chicken nachos and liked them. Portion for the nachos was HUGE! Very nice place and atmosphere. Check it out!
5	When we want to eat at a sit down Mexican restaurant Frank & Fina's is our new go to place! The prices are reasonable for what you get and it's cozy. We always like to start off our Mexican dining experiences with chips and guacamole. The serving of guacamole is much larger than what most places serve. It is chunky and you can tell it is home made. There is nothing worse for me than ordering guacamole and find out there is no chunks of veggies in it. It was also very yummy! There is always more then enough to take home too!I have eaten at Frank & Finas  a couple of times so here are some of the items I have tried. I have had their whole chicken legs with Spanish rice. I usually don't like chicken because sometimes it smells weird too me but it was really good! The Spanish rice here is delicious! It isn't bland it tastes like it has a bit of a garlic flavor for to it which was a pleasant surprise! I have also tried their beef, potatoes with the Spanish rice. I was also happy with this dish. The beef was tender and I loved mixing the meat and potatoes with the rice. Now for the drinks and desserts:I ordered the pomegranate margarita because I don't see this offered a lot. It was a perfect mix of sweet alcoholic bliss! It was also a nice pink color which I loved!I had their churros with ice cream which was good. The churros were nice and warm and had caramel inside. I liked eating it with the ice cream. My favorite dessert was their tricolor sorbets. I believe the flavors were lime, strawberry and Pineapple . It was very refreshing especially on a hot day!
3	Went for my birthday after all the great reviews. Service was great but food only ok. I had the guacamole and chips to start and sweet potato enchiladas good but not great. I'd be willing to go back if someone else wanted to go here but I am not planning on going back.
4	We went there for a graduation dinner last June, and overall, we enjoyed our experience at Frank & Fina's. The decor was nice, the dining room was clean, and the staff was attentive. The owner himself greeted us at the door, seated us, and looked after us with warm hospitality. The chips and salsa were fresh and good quality, and so was the guacamole. I prefer guacamole with a bit of a kick,  and it was nice and fresh, and we actually ordered a third serving because the first two went so quickly. Ordinarily, our family frequently eats typical Mexican food at home (tacos and enchiladas) so we thought we'd try the daily specials on the board at the hostess stand. The adults had the special Tamarind Margarita, which was a little sweet for my taste, but it was acceptable, and the rest of our party had compliments.  For my entree, I tried a pork stew from Veracruz which was a very nice low carb dish which I truly enjoyed. For dessert we had coconut flan, which was pretty nice.
5	This is our favorite Mexican place. Love their sweet potato enchiladas. Food always comes out quickly and delicious. Service is good!
4	Had lunch at Frank & Fina's with some friends on a weekend.  To start, we had the chips and salsa with an order of queso fundido.  The chips needed salt, the salsa was thin but had good flavor.  It was a typical restaurant salsa.  The queso fundido was a large portion with lots of peppers on top.  It comes with your choice of flour or corn tortillas.  It's a little difficult to get out of the bowl, we all had to use a knife, fork or our hands.  This can occur with this dish.  Despite the issues, it was a good version of queso fundido.To eat, I had the Tampiquena, a thin ribeye steak COVERED in peppers and onions.  You can barely see the steak there is so much vegetation.  It is served with rice, beans, a cheese enchilada and your choice of flour or corn tortillas.  It's quite a lot of food for $13.95.  The steak is seasoned very well as are the vegetables.  I highly recommend taking some bites with the enchilada.  The steak is very thin, so I don't know that it can be cooked to medium rare, but even thought it was cooked more than I typically like, it was juicy.  This is a fantastic, and very filling meal, and one I will absolutely order again.Service was attentive.  We had a nice long lunch and required lots of refills and they were brought promptly.  Also, we talked for a bit after we ate, and the staff never made us feel like we were overstaying our welcome.
1	Very rude staff. You walk in and the place is completely empty absolutely no ambiance lightening is dark and depressing. We tell the waiter we would like to share an entree and he proceed to explain there will be a $3 charge ??? Hello am i at the Wynn Buffett ??? Food was bland definitely not authentic Mexican food. Not a fan
5	We've been going to this place, and their previous restaurant on Charleston for years.  They have the best carne asada burrito, (enchilada style of course) in town.  They also make a great Mexican meatloaf when you can get it.  Finally, their fried ice-cream for dessert is the best!  Love this place!
5	This is our first stop every time we go visit my father who retired to Las Vegas some years ago. Usually for lunch, but dinner won't disappoint, pace yourself on those chips and salsa, because the food here is awesome and save room for desert, our favorite is the flan.  Like it hot, ask for the habanero salsa, comes in a small bowl with a tiny spoon. Good heat. Thanks Frank & Fina!    Will bring those CA lottery tickets next visit.
5	Crab enchiladas? Yes, please. They are loaded with crab...real crab...not that imitation crap. Covered with grilled onions, melted cheese and red sauce, side of rice and beans... $13. Amazing. Also, the complimentary chips and salsa are bottomless, and I believe they make their own tortillas. Also I was surprised at the number of vegetarian options they had available.
5	Clean and fresh Mexican food....definitely in my top ten of fave restaurants of all time.  Service is always great as well as the ambiance.  I love this restaurant.
4	Even after several visits, there is nothing even remotely negative to say about this place - they are consistently warm and friendly and serve delicious food!
4	Delicious food, efficient staff, reasonably priced, cool ambiance, awesome experience. Great for casual lunches or dinner dates. 10/10 would try again.
4	Mexican food. Can't live without it. These guys have been around a long time (by Vegas standards) and always seem to get it right. Friendly staff, good food (get the shrimp tacos) and a lively establishment make this a favorite for me
2	Not bad, just average. The service is attentive, the food however wasn't good. The people who wrote all the positive reviews must rate Taco Bell 5 stars. Covering food with bland sauce, serving it with rice, beans and cheese doesn't make it Mexican.
3	Have been eating here for years and they sometimes have better than average Mexican food. Unfortunately, the food is often very inconsistent. They have excellent chips and salsa, and pretty good enchiladas. They're stingy with the meatballs in the albondigas, and I was pretty ticked off one time a while back at how much they charged me for an extra plate to split an entree with my Mom. So I'll probably continue to eat here on occasion, especially since it's SO close to my house and they do have really good chips and salsa... I just wish their other entree's were consistently good so I could venture out and order something other than the chicken enchiladas with red sauce. IE: last time I had ordered Enchilada Suizas the green sauce had a really bitter, funny taste to it. I know it's been good in the past... so..? Another example, my Mom had a chicken special the very first time I took her there that was recommended by Frank himself and ugh it really was terrible, really dry and borderline inedible. So, now I just order what I generally know I'll like and stick with that, and for that reason I'm sure I'll continue to eat here but also why I really can't rate it as high as I would like to, or what I think they could do if they had better quality control in their kitchen.
3	Not bad but not great wither. The food was just OK. Service was good and if I was in the neighborhood again I would probably give it another go but would not make a special trip for this one!
4	Had dinner there this week, very good food, best I have had since socal, cute restaurant, waiter was super friendly.  Chips Salsa and Guacamole were all very good and the Tamale was quite tasty, reminded me of being home in Socal with all the great mexican restaurants.  Good food, good place, go visit!
4	Great food, great staff! This little place is so much better than the big chain Mexican restaurant across the street. Chips and salsa are delicious, and the enchiladas I usually order are fantastic! I do wish their drink prices were a bit cheaper, but that's just a minor issue :) There are usually families with small children, so be aware of that if you prefer a more adult environment. We usually do, but when we crave Mexican food, it's worth it :)
4	The family went to Frank & Fina's for the first time last Friday night. We arrived at 7pm and we were greeted by a friendly hostess who informed us that it would be a 25 minute wait for a table. FYI - They do take reservations if you call before 5pm the same day.      After getting seated, we were immediately welcomed by our waiter and asked what we'd like to drink. When the older gentleman returned with the drinks we were given the specials of the night. I ordered the Steak Milanesa (thinly sliced steak that is breaded) which is also served with your choice of tortillas, rice and beans. Our table also ordered an appetizer of guacamole and some melted cheese dish topped with green chiles, chorizo, and salsa fresca. The guacamole was tasty and had big chunks of tomato. The cheese dish was over the top delicious! We didn't realize it came with tortillas, so we ate it with chips.       My Steak Milanesa was tasty. The meat was moist and I felt like I could cut it with my the side of my fork. The beans were refried pinto beans and they were served in a crunchy tortilla bowl and then topped with a sprinkle of Mexican cheese. The rice was a bit dry for my liking.      I will most definitely return to Frank & Fina's Cocina. The atmosphere is welcoming, the prices are good, and the food portions will definitely fill your belly. What really set this place apart was the personal touch the wait staff added. They were quick with recommendations, and we even got served by Frank himself!
5	This is our go to sit down mexican restaurant, sorry it's not Lindo Michoacan. They have so many different things on their menu along with daily specials.I really enjoy their CHICKEN TACOS, so delicious, the shell is so crispy. I love the carnitas, probably the best I've ever had.Try anything with their spicy habanero, a couple drops will have your mouth on fire. I've tried the enchiladas which I know is a fave here, to me they are just ok. The service here is great. I want to give this place 5 stars because I want people to keep coming here and don't want this place to close, ever!
4	Ding DingWanting a quick meal for lunch and craving a little Mexican my friend and I thought we would check out this cool joint.Nice wood doors when you walk in, don't be fooled it isn't closed!This business is a pretty clean establishment, with a Mexican Mayan decor.The food was well cooked with speedy service. I won't tell you what I got because well I don't know, I like the surprise! Wait maybe it was the chicken enchiladas, yep it was!!!!They also have high chairs and the staff were great with my son. Offering food that he might like we also a plus.Overall not a bad little place. Good service and great food
5	After 14 years of living in the SW part of Las Vegas I finally went to Frank & Fina's.  This is such a great restaurant. It has a authentic Mexican vibe throughout and is very comfortable. The staff is very friendly. The food is extremely flavorful and authentic. I will go back for sure.
4	I live close by and normal go down town for Mexican but came based on the other reviews and was not disappointed. Very good service that was fast. The food had a beautiful presentation and was very tasty. Had the house margarita and it was smooth and filled within alcohol.  Would have given them  5 stars but no hot sauce on the table.
4	The service is great, polite and quick. The shrimp fajitas are very good and my bf likes the sweet potato enchiladas. Very unique. they could improve on their salsa...otherwise this is a top Mexican choice
5	Love Frank & Fina's.  I got my standard  combo #1, chicken tostada with cheese enchilada and my mom, her favorite, chicken enchiladas suizas.  I love the red sauce which is a bit more bitter than sweet - their salsa awesome as usual - not chunky, but with just enough kick.  I appreciate the allowance to substitute rice and bean with a side salad.  Their house dressing is awesome.  Always excellent customer service, and a homey environment yet traditional.
1	Trust me!! The reviews are being uploaded from an employee. The food does not rank 4 stars!! Mediocre at best..
2	Had the chicken mole enchiladas. Average at best. Wasn't any better than any other Mexican food I've had. Not impressed. Passion fruit margarita was good.
4	Those of you that know me, know I am always on the hunt for the best nachos in the world. I have to give Frank & Fina's an honorable "Damn these are good Nachos!" so why not 5 stars you ask? Well I will tell you.. price and portions. For the price of the nachos with grilled chicken I would expect a bigger portion size and more chicken.. a lot more chicken. So here is my recommendation to you the reader, order the grilled chicken nachos and ask them to make them enchilada style (I prefer the red sauce / you might like the green) they make a great appetizer among friends, if I am your friend then get your own damn nachos cuz this plate is mine!
3	My husband and I, along with our closest friends, are addicted to Mexican food so I got excited when I found this place on Yelp with great reviews. We live close by but always assumed it was an Italian restaurant from the name. Unfortunately, it did not live up to the hype of the Yelp reviews.Pros: the salsa, bean dip, and margaritas were good. Also, one of my friends enjoyed his meal, but I don't remember what he got, most likely carnitas.Cons: 1) the queso fundido had NO TASTE, we spent a little more to have chorizo added and there were only two tiny dollops, absolutely not worth the upgrade money spent and the cheese had ZERO flavor. 2) my beef enchilada had a weird taste to it and I wound up only having like three bites because I did not enjoy it at all. My chicken taco was just okay, nothing special, but not bad at all.3) the rest of the group ordered a quesadilla, taquitos, and a charbroiled chicken dish. All of those were just okay.Basically we spent a fair amount of time vocally wishing we had gone to Juan's Flaming Fajitas, which is our favorite place. FYI, the queso fundido with chorizo at Juan's is phenomenal. I was hoping Frank & Fina's would become one of our regular spots, but we will probably never go here again since 4 out of 5 of us didn't enjoy it.
5	Loved the pork (al pastor) with pineapple dish! And the chips and salsa was also very good! My hubby also enjoyed his meal.. Love the server!! He was very sweet and the service was very good as well!! Will be back!
4	I really really like this place.Free chips and salsaCheap but delicious foodFriendly and attentive wait staff (our bus boy was helping out the waiter so we wouldn't be sitting there waiting)The only things we didn't like was not enough chorizo in the queso fundido, it was still delicious. The horchata was from a powder mix (we had to stir it a bit more to get it mixed well enough). I got the pork chile verde, it comes with rice and beans. The rice is amazing, I love Mexican rice when it's done right. The beans were also really good and come in a little tostada cup. I really like that they do this because it keeps the beans from getting all over the food. The pork was delicious. Best I've had. For dessert we got the coconut flan. I have mixed feelings about it because I was expecting coconut flavored flan, this was regular flan with toasted coconut on top. Still good just not as good as I hoped.Our server was an older man, such a sweetie. All in all for 2 adult plates, 1 kid's plate, 1 appetizer and 1 dessert and 3 drinks was about $50. Loved it!
5	We ate here last night for the first time.  We have been trying to find a good Mexican restaurant since moving here a year ago.  This is finally it!!  The chips and salsa were very yummy, so right off the get go we had high hopes.  They had a pretty extensive vegetarian menu which made me happy.  I had a crunchy taco and a relleno, and my husband had a carne asada burrito.  All delicious!  Ended with a fried ice cream to split.  It was very good.  We will definitely be back. =)
5	Very friendly staff - we left full - the carne asada burrito was very good.  Nachos also very good.Had sopatillos and churros w/ ice cream for desert - kids and wife ate them all up.
4	Had dinner with friends who like it here because of the vegetarian menu options. My personal diet is very low carb at the moment, so I had resigned myself to a salad. I ended up having cochinita pibil, achiote marinated pork baked in a banana leaf and subbed a side salad for rice and beans. It was delicious, savory and a touch spicy, not at all too salty which can be a downfall of Mexican pork dishes... The staff was friendly and attentive, my water glass never sat empty, and it was quiet & mellow inside despite having a good evening crowd. I'll definitely visit again.
4	Food was pretty good. I feel that the drinks were a little pricey for what you got but I come from NYC where those prices are normal. They were absolutely amazing with our little one. Very attentive and quick service. Nicely decorated. The next time we get a craving for some enchiladas we will go back!
4	This is my go-to for Mexican fare when I'm on the West side.  I've been coming here since they opened; Frank was a lot younger then and had a few more hairs on his head.  The restaurant business can be difficult, I imagine, but throughout the years I've received great service and some damn fine Mexican fare here; oftentimes served up by the man Frank himself.My visit usually goes like this:  I order a Cazadores Cadillac margarita to set the mood while I peruse the menu for what I promise once again will be something different.  Nope, not a chance...give me the usual; chips and guacamole and then an order of chicken enchiladas.  Why mess with perfection?  This combo has never let me down.  I tried going outside of my comfort zone once at a competitors restaurant and ordered the chicken chimichanga.  Too much grease for my liking so I continue to stick with what I've been ordering here since day one.The ambiance here is quite nice and even when crowded you can still hear others at your table very easily.  This place also passes my restroom white glove test...always clean, always hot water, always fresh paper towels.  It's nice when the details are not overlooked.  Check the place out if you're in the area and tell Frank that Cristobol sent you.
5	This is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants. The food and staff are amazing, and they have some of the best salsa in town!
5	Love this place! I've been here many many times... It's very authentic. All the servers are mexican.. I like that. It seems family owned.. There's no bar, just beer and wine and I think they have liquor but they make it in the back. They have nice spicy sauces. The habanero is SUPER hot, I like the tomatillo.
2	called in an order for chicken mole enchiladas, cheese enchilada with chicken tostada, and an order of flan. I was told it would be 20 minutes and when I showed up after more than 20 minutes I had to wait an additional 10 minutes for my order. The restaurant was not that busy. When I got home with my order they forgot my flan. I went back to the restaurant and the hostess knew exactly why I was there because she forgot the flan. I had to wait an additional 10 minutes while she seated another party and assisted another party with paying for their meal until I got the flan that she forgot. All I received was an apology and nothing else. No offer of a discount on my next visit or a discount on my order that I had placed. When I finally got home to enjoy my meal, it was mediocre at best. The mole was bland and anything less than good. it barely tasted like mole and more like thick gravy. The beans and rice we're nothing special and tasted like your run-of-the-mill Mexican fare. The best part was the pico de Gayo and cilantro. That was at least fresh and had the most flavor. Highly disappointed with my experience and not sure that I will ever return. Far better choices for Mexican food in the SW area. Additionally it was overpriced for what I received.
5	I've tried many restaurants in Vegas, and a couple months ago I stated that Casa Don Juan was my favorite. Frank & Fina's now takes that thrown. Their carne asada burrito was one of the best I've had, and their mango margarita (yes i drink those) is the nutter butter!
3	This Is one of the top places on our list of must eats as we spend our summer in Las Vegas. We live in Japan now, so when we get to come back, we want to see family, friends and to EAT at our favorite places.Unfortunately, this was a bad night to go and it shouldn't have been. For a Tuesday, this place was really busy and we were happy to see them doing so good. We were seated fairly quickly and the buser/bring you chips and drinks guys were tops. For as busy as it was, they were hustling. However, for the 30 or 40 tables in the busy place, there was only 1 waiter. A nice enough ol' guy on any other night, but he was far too overwhelmed and they should have made any one of the other 3 front end employees (2 of which, I know have been there for years) a step in waiter to take care of this surprise dinner rush. After several times the waiter passed us by, without even looking in our direction, I finally got up and tracked him down at the service window and told him we had been there quit some time. After a few minutes, he finally remembered to look for us and find our table and we gave him our order. Very simple, very easy, anyone could have managed this task. Later he took my wife's water glass to get her a refill, and we never saw it again, LOL at this point.Now on to the food. I was commenting on it as we drove there as to how I didn't remember ever having anything I didn't like. Well, tonight, meh!My wife ordered the 2 piece chicken dinner. I told her it was a good choice as I've had it many times. Well it came to her a bit more charred than normal and very dry. I ordered the Chicken Frank and it was just ok. A very small portion of chicken (about one flat chicken fingers worth) made the chili relleno look like the star of the show, kinda sad for Chicken Frank.The buser/food runner guys were great and apologetic and also wondering why they weren't tasked to take orders, but it was out of their hands.When we first arrived, we were really happy to see the ol' place busier than ever; however, tonight's execution was beyond poor. My tip wasn't large, but I hope it all goes to the food runners. We have been here many times and will absolutely come back to give it another chance as this is probably the only time we've had a problem with either food or service at this otherwise, and on any other day, stellar example of good Mexican food.
5	Great food and great service. They constantly check to make sure you are doing well. They refill my drinks without me needing to say anything. The food was great. I had the egg and steak burrito.
5	Living in Los Angeles, and being exposed to some of the best in authentic Mexican cuisine, I always find that when traveling outside of Southern California, finding legitimate establishments that serve authentic (read non-Americanized Mexican aka Lindo Michoacan) Mexican food are hard to come by. In that regard, I am very grateful for these Yelp reviews, because this restaurant was chosen based upon the reviews of my fellow Yelpers.This place has such great food, we came to this place for dinner not once, but twice, during our 5-day stay in Vegas, which coincided with the 4th of July weekend. As soon as we stepped foot in the restaurant, the lovely young lady at the register warmly welcomed us and took us right to our table. The first  night we came it was just me and my parents, the second night we came (4th of July weekend) it was five of us total.It is true that the entire staff is Mexican (Mexican American). It makes the place that much more authentic. The mood lighting in the restaurant in the late evening could use just a tad more lighting, but we're not complaining-- didn't come to analyze lighting LOL. As others have mentioned, this place is in Summerlin, and as such, it is pretty much a locals place-- Which is perfectly fine for us-- A hidden gem, with little traffic. On the first night we visited, we went light as we were mostly just grabbing a quick bite to hold us over til after XS (Encore). We ordered some BOMB ASS Empanadas from their appetizer menu-- MUST.TRY.!!!!! --- The empanadas are something you DEFINITELY NEED to try-- They are made to order, you get four of them-- They are made with the same corn mix that both tamales and tortillas are made out of-- filled with ground beef and cheese-- Then you get 3 sauces to dip them into-- The best of the sauces being the Chipotle sauce. Trust me, you will eat those bad boys up in NO TIME! We also got the Carne Asada burrito. The awesome thing about F&F's is that they do their burritos different. Unlike most places that will sell you a burrito that is filled with mostly beans and rice, at F&F's, your burrito is filled with only one thing-- The meat of your choice! I didn't mind the $9 price tag on the burritos because A) They're huge, B) The meat is soooooo tender and juicey, and C) They give you all the ingredients you could want to put in the burrito on the side. It's a true win-win situation if you ask me!On the second visit, which was 4th of July dinner, they were running a special for $5 Margaritas. This is when we had more guests with us, and so we ordered more. Off top, the ladies ordered a Mango Margarita as well as a Pomegranate Margarita. I asked both my friends for a sampling of each ones Margarita, and I have to say that the Mango Margarita was very very bland, while the Pomegranate Margarita was extremely delicious! This time around, we once again ordered the Empanadas (Did I mention this is a MUST TRY here? LOL), as well as my friend having ordered the Al Pastor, which was tender pieces of pork marinated in citrus, red chile and grilled pineapple, with tortillas and rice/beans. Let me tell you-- I think this plate stole the show on our talbe. The pork, simply scrumptious and tender with the pineapple juices present, but not overbearing. I hate dinner that tastes sweet, and let me tell you, the pineapple on this Al Pastor just added to the flavor, it didn't overbear it. You will absolutely LOVE IT! My other friend had the chicken enchilladas draped in green sauce. She absolutely LOVED IT and cleaned that plate like a dog would it's bowl LOL (Sorry, had to throw that analogy there). Myself, I once again had the carne asada burrito plate, however, this time, I ordered it 'Chimichanga style' (aka the burrito was fried in oil and draped with home made guacamole and sour cream). There is something about fried tortillas that always makes me full quickly, as this time around, I was only able to eat half of the burrito, whereas two nights previously, I was able to eat the entire burrito. You would be hard pressed to find as attentive and courteous a staff at a mom/pop place as we did at Frank & Fina's. It adds a great touch to an already amazing experience. All of our glasses never went unattended and the staff always made sure to come around to ask how everything was going, and if we needed anything. They certainly gained a loyal set of patrons in us, as we've already made sure to it that we come back on our next trip to Vegas in September. Yes, this place is off the beaten path in a brand new upscale strip mall (Grand Canyon Parkway), but it is well worth the 20 minute drive from the strip off 15 South to 215 West. We shall be back!
4	I've been going to frank n Fina's for a long time, food is always great and so is service. The servers always remember us and make us feel welcomed
5	Food is always excellent. Best Mexican food in town. Service can be a little slow when busy, but it's worth the wait.
5	I tried this place last night for a quick dinner.  I love great Mexican.  I really wanted something authentic.  I was seated quickly and greeted with a warm smile.  I had a Cadillac margarita with petron and grand mariner...  Pricey but good.  I ask the server for recommendations and he walked me through his menu favorites.  I wanted a good mole, and he said they have the best.  The Chef is from Puebla where the sauce originated and he brought out a sample for me to try.  It was delicious.  I ordered mole enchiladas from their specials section of the menu and it was fantastic.  Waaaaaay better than Lindo michocan.  Highly recommended will done again soon.
4	One of our favorite Mexican places in town!
3	My dad and I stopped in here one night after taking a cooking class nearby.  It looked interesting and had a good menu.  Besides, we are always up for Mexican food.  Having never heard of Frank and Fina's previously I had no expectations going in.  I leave feeling full but not fully satisfied.  To start, the chips and salsa were alright.  Crisp chips and generic salsa that tastes more of tomato than anything else.  Sure, I ate it by the bowl full but that does not mean it was an outstanding example of what can be a magical accomaniment to a chip.  For dinner I ordered a classic two item combo with a taco and tamale and the obligitory rice and beans.  The rice was good and the beans were refried.  I much prefer black beans to refried pintos but that is just me.  The taco I had was ipressive loaded with flavorful and tender meat.  It dripped half way down my arm towards my elbow.  That is the measure of a good taco.  As for the tamale, the flavor was alright and the ratio of meat to maza was fine.  it was the texture that threw me.  The maza was too smooth and seemed over processed.  I am used to a grittier form of maza.  I guess this isn't my favorite place to get Mexican food.
5	I love this place. I have never had any problems here. They are always very friendly and take care of me very well. There are so many things to pick from on the menu it does make it tough to decide what to order. But I have never been disappointed. The only down fall is that I live in North Las Vegas and have to drive to the Southwest.
5	This is the best Mexican food in town if you ask me! The salsa is great. All the food tastes homemade. The margaritas are all organic. Lots of vegetarian options, and even some vegan ones. And the service is always fast and friendly.
5	I was so thrilled to find this restaurant, thanks fellow Yelpers! My gf is from the Yucatan and she hadn't ever found any place in Vegas that has food from there. So I took her here hoping that she would like it as I saw they had a few dishes that looked authentic. It turned out she really enjoyed it! She was really surprised to see that they had some food from her area. She ordered the panuchos which of course I had to try and they were really awesome. I had the house special enchiladas with a verde sauce and crema and they were really delicious. I don't often order stuff with verde sauce as I prefer the red, but these really are special. The sides were all good and the prices right! Only little thing I'll mention on the downside is the lighting. I can't remember complaining about lighting before, but this place was definitely on the dark side. We sat in the middle which was kind of dark so I wanted to maybe move to a booth, but that was super dark so we stayed at our table. Certainly not enough to stop me from coming back, maybe next time we'll bring a candle. :)
5	First time we have eaten here... We have stopped in for a beverage with friends... So happy we tried their food!  It is very tasty, everyone in our group from Jeff Speakman's 5.9 Kempo loved their meal. The taco salad was a big fav & the meatball soup was getting rave reviews. Carne Asada was delish!!!
5	Out standing food and service! I bring all my family and friends here. They always love it!!
5	Been visiting here for a while. Always friendly & attentive staff. Food is delicious! I recommend the Carnitas Plate with corn tortillas. The place can get busy & at times feels crowded but the freshness of the food & the great service make up for it.
5	We love Frank and Finas. The food is as good as it gets. All made with extra fresh ingredients, great plating, wonderful flavors. This is more than standard fare, rice, beans, tortillas, etc. Here each dish is lovingly seasoned and cooked to perfection with special sauces, veggies, and cheeses. Our group of friends consider it THE BEST Mexican Restaurant in Las Vegas. We dine monthly and have never had an inferior experience. Try their specials. The wait staff is friendly and prompt, the drinks & chips keep rolling out.  The atmosphere intimate & casual. Dinners between $10 and $15.
4	This is a great atmosphere with some great food. the ingredients are fresh and smarty pared. Get the Habanero hot sauce, very good!
5	Fantastic food, fun decor, like that they are vegan friendly...they have a vegan "cheesecake" that I thought was the real thing...when questioned they assured me it was 100% vegan!  It was incredible!!!   I will go back!
4	The fiance had a conversation with his  coworkers about their favorite food spots and this came up a few times. I've heard of it, but we're not around this area often, but decided to head down. I've been looking for some new Mexican eateries. The food is more Yucatan region judging from some of their menu offerings and the way they cook their staples. It's a bit different from what I'm used to, but I liked it. I got a combo of chicken tamales and chicken enchiladas (which comes with red sauce but I asked for green) and the fiance got cheese enchilada and chicken tamale. The tamale was stuffed with chicken and had a tomato sauce over it. I think I prefer a bit more masa, but this was quality. Enchilada also was plentiful with chicken in it and I enjoyed their green sauce. The beans is more pureed than what I do and had a interesting roasty flavor about it. Rice was standard, but good.The service was friendly and good. We both appreciated that we were able to sub minor things in our combo with no problems. We were checked on often and drinks were refilled.We came at not a busy time, and in the areas where people weren't sitting, some of the staff were doing some cleaning and prepping before dinner. Definitely appreciate a place that is cleaning daily.I'll definitely be back. It's not the style of Mexican food I grew up with, but it's nice to shake it up sometimes. I'll try something that is more Yucatan like the panuchos next time.
5	AWESOME & YUMMY... Place is small, quiet & great customer service! We visit here often because it's close to home! Never disappointed.. **the Cadillac Margarita is a must Have
4	This place is amazing, great service, even better food. I just came here for a celebratory lunch with my family, I will definitely be back!!!
3	Good, quick classic Mexican food!Nothing fancy, but very tasty.
4	Food and service was good, very clean would go again- But I must say, I really think Lindo Michoacan is better-Since they are just down the street from each other, we tend to pick Lindo.
4	I can't count how many times I have passed by this restaurant and been tempted to give them a try. Finally, I bit the bullet and walked in for dinner.The restaurant is a lot larger than I was expecting based on the exterior appearance. We were seated quickly and they brought out chips and salsa. The salsa had a nice kick but the chips weren't my favorite.I decided on the panuchos and the waiter claimed they were his favorite menu item and I wouldn't be disappointed, and I wasn't. They were very good, everything was cooked well and the pickled cabbage added a great flavor to the dish. I also ordered a tamarind margarita and it was great. Just the right combination of flavors and we had a very pleasant meal.
5	Delicious, unique dishes that do not disappoint! I have been frequenting Frank & Fina's for about 2 years now, and I have to say that the vegetable taquitos never get old. =) While my guests are always equally impressed with the dishes they choose, from all over the menu, I am always afraid to stray from my favorite!Vegans rejoice at the extensive offerings you have here along with the fact that all of the servers and chefs know what "no cheese" or "dairy free" means. (Come on, you know that you've been to similar eateries before where you say "no cheese on the burrito, please" (because the menu doesn't list cheese as a topping on the side of beans, as well) and then your beans come out smothered in cheese!Thanks, Frank & Fina's for delicious food every time!
3	My cousin raves about this place so we finally came to check it out. It is a cute little restaurant. Chips and salsa are good...but I mean how can any mexican restaurant get that part wrong right?I decided to get a bean and cheese burrito enchilada style and a cup of fideo soup. The enchilada sauce was ok. Definitely have had better. The bean's and rice were flavored nicely.The soup lacked flavor and was oily. Not my favorite. I also got horchata ( I always have to order it at every mexican restaurant I go too) it was good but extremely sweet. Like it had either been sitting too long or hasn't been stirred. We shared fried ice cream. Which was also delicious no complaints there.Overall it was satisfying but probably not my top pick to come eat when I am craving mexican food. The prices aren't bad eitheer and they have a nice selection for their lunch menu.
4	Great place, nice people, superb service!
5	Frank and Fina's Cocina has been my favorite restaurant since they were a quaint little place on Charleston. Now located in the southwest, it is the only place I will trek across town to dine on a regular basis.One thing that makes this place outstanding is their accommodations for vegetarians. In addition to having an extensive vegetarian menu with everything from "Build Your Own Entree" (from a selection of tacos, tamales, and enchiladas) to SOYRIZO tacos, each day they have a new vegetarian special. If you ever see the Mexican Lasagna on the menu, get it! Think: enchiladas but with a more tomato based sauce and covered in mozzarella.Also, I was pleased to see that their glorious sweet potato enchiladas (once a special item only) now have their own spot on the daily menu. Besides that, their complimentary chips and salsa (up to 2 per table, I believe) are always on point. Plus, as a self-proclaimed guacamole snob, I can say without a doubt that theirs is top notch--- chunky and fresh and delicious. While I'm usually too stuffed to even fathom dessert, I know they have several options, including a vegan cheesecake.Another reason I adore this place is the service. I see the same crew nearly every time I go in (Frank himself often serving tables), and it helps make the place seem homey and comfortable, despite being a huge restaurant in a commercial area. One thing worth noting is that F&F's may not (easily) split your check if you're dining with a group, so be sure to plan in advance. Also, when they give you the check, I believe you need to walk it to the cashier by the door (rather than having your server pick it up/cash you out).I can not rate this place higher and recommend it to everyone. It continues to be my favorite restaurant of all time, and I'll forever follow their delicious vegetarian-friendly delights.
4	Always a solid Place for mexican food..i love that i can order a rib eye steak with shrimp and not break the bank. And they are super clean here.
5	Frank and Fina's is equal parts delicious and adorable. This place is just so cute! I love everything about how it looks in here - the lighting, the high ceilings, the decor. It's just a very nice atmosphere to have a reasonably priced delicious meal while experiencing excellent service. It is locally owned and operated which makes my heart sing. When I say locally operated I mean it! Most likely it will be Frank taking your order and delivering your tasty meal. The service here is very family friendly. We have taken our daughter (11 months) and they were very complimentary and accommodating. The food is very good! I absolutely love the sweet potato enchiladas. Also excellent are the chicken enchiladas and chicken tamale. I also really love the salsa here and have tried most of the starters. All yummy! You really can't go wrong!
4	Great lunch and service. Ordered carnitas based on our sever's recommendation and it was excellent.
2	The food was ok. The service was horrible and slow. We got two burritos and we're disappointed in the size for the cost.
5	I couldn't get enough of the steak and avocado salad!!! It was absolutely DELICIOUS!!! The service was outstanding! I love this place!
4	This is a really cute place with tasty Mexican food and a cozy feel. My friend and I came in around 8 on a weeknight - it was still busy! That's a good sign, and when we were seated immediately, I knew it was going to be a good experience, and it was.The salsa is yummy- not very spicy but a really good flavor. Our food came out pretty quickly - one of my tacos had cotija cheese on it, which I had asked them to replace with regular cheese, but our server took it away immediately and came back quickly with a replacement. I ordered a taco and an enchilada with rice and beans - the taco was good, but the enchilada was really delicious! Next time I'll probably just go with enchiladas only. I love their enchilada sauce. Their beans and rice were a little lacking in flavor, but were still good and I enjoyed my dinner. I was a little under the weather, and I really appreciated the good service we received - I was downing glasses of water quickly and the staff made sure I always had a full glass.My friend ordered a taco al pastor and thought it was good, but was put off by pineapples in the taco. I'm not sure if it was specified in the menu, so if not, just be aware. I just moved back to Vegas and I'm trying everything out, but I could definitely see myself coming back to Frank and Fina's - the food and service were good, and I really enjoyed the atmosphere.
5	Frank still takes orders and serves meals at 65+ and it shows in his recipes. This is a must stop for anyone that appreciates good Mexican food and a kind face. Ask him about his multiple black belts.
