3	If it's late and you're near The Mirage, Venetian, or Treasure Island on the strip and have the late night munchies, this Denny's hits the spot!Recommendations: Chicken Fried Steak and Eggs.
2	The food here was good but our waitress disappeared after we got our food. After waiting an extra 15 mins we decided that it must be free so we got up and left.
4	DENNY'S is great!!We got our traditional STEAK and EGGS meal at Denny's.... why?  Cuz we're freaking in VEGAS!!!  So we get our orders...they come out close to what we want but not really as MED rare as we want... but whatevesThe frustrating part was waiting for the WHOLE Denny's team to settle my bill at the front counter because NO ONE knew where my debit card was.  In the end, our waitress had handed it to the manager who stuffed it in his breast pocket and was yelling at everyone to look for the dam card.  HAHAHAH In the end, he gave us the meal for 1/2 of what we were suppose to pay for.... so he was pretty nice about it.What more can you ask for... It's freaking DENNY'S!
3	I pulled an all-nighter.  I have NOT done this since college, and back then, it was for academic reasons.I was out clubbing/gambling with 2 girlfriends and around 3:30 a.m., I was ready to call it quits.  One of my friends still wanted to gamble.  The other insisted that we go back to the club.  We ended up dancing 'til closing time - 4 a.m.After chatting it up with 2 guys that we had met in the club, it was decided that we needed food.  Destination?  Denny's.  I could not believe I was doing this.  I was now guilty of the late night/early morning Denny's visit.It actually was not as bad as I thought it might be.  Our waitress was SUPER nice (I had a bad feeling she would be bitter and mean to us for staying out so late).  One of my friends ordered 2 moons over my hammie, and I'm pretty sure one of the reasons she ordered that dish was simply to say it.  My body is not used to intaking food at the 5 a.m. hour, so I just ordered a hot chocolate.  It actually really hit the spot.If I ever find myself out late again in Vegas, I will not hesitate to drop into this Denny's.  Based on how exhausted I was after this adventure, I really hope that I do not have to though!
3	This is the standard late night eatery or diner that we all know and love.  This restaurant is located across from the Mirage Hotel and Casino and next to the Venetian Hotel and Casino.  It was after the late night show at the Mirage and we wanted to eat something small.  All the other fast food type restaurants were closed or closing....and we did not want to walk far.  HELLO.....there was Denny's and it was not crowded.  BOOM.....I ordered hash browns with brown gravy, onions, and cheese....(oh yeah.....don't forget to make it greasy good!)  It is the old reliable Denny's restaurant in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip.  It is slightly more expensive than other Denny's restaurants, but it is in the middle of the strip where their rent is surely elevated.  :-p
1	This is what happened from the moment we sat down:1) Arrival: They sat us and gave us no menus.2) 5 Minutes (after arrival): A waiter comes up and asked us what we wanted, we asked for menus.3) 10 Minutes: Another waitress asks us what we wanted, and we order.4) 15 Minutes: Original waiter returns, ask us what we want. We tell him we've already ordered.5) 16 Minutes: Waiter and Waitress get into yelling match over whose table it is.6) 30 Minutes: Drinks arrive.7) 35 Minutes: Food arrives, we ask for refills on drinks.8) 55 Minutes: Waitress returns, asks if we want refills. We tell her we do, just as we requested 20 minutes prior.9) 65 Minutes: Waitress gets drinks, hands us check.10) 75 Minutes: I give waitress credit card to pay. she says I have to write the amount of the tip on the receipt BEFORE she rings it.11) 76 Minutes: I write $1 as tip. Hand her it with my credit card.12) 80 Minutes: Waitress returns with receipt, with $1 tip included for me to sign.13) 81 Minutes: Leave Denny's14) 85 Minutes: Check credit card statement in hotel room. No suspicious activity.
3	Its just like any other Denny's. But I'm in Vegas. There's a bunch of other places I could have eaten after the club, but Denny's always seems to be the answer. I had a burger and seasoned fries. Then I had the runs the next morning. Thats all I remember. Well done Vegas, well done.
4	When you're drunk as hell and trying to maintain your budget, nothing beats this particular Denny's.Seriously, it's at a really prime location on the strip and it's open 24 hours a day. What else can you ask for??However, I don't think i would eat here if i were sober. haha.
3	Great spot to fuel up on quick, delicious, bad-for-you food right before (or after) you become intoxicated and party all night.No joke on the speed of service, our waitress was kind and quick. I swear it must have been less than five minutes to receive our food, and less than a minute for our drinks. It's also huge and thus can accommodate big parties easily.Plus, its location is really convenient for anyone on the South end of the strip. Overall, a great Denny's.
3	Shameful me, eating breakfast at Denny's.Whatever, you know how it is.  If you've been to Vegas, all your inhibitions regarding powdered scrambled eggs, icky little sausages that resemble my dog Rocky's terdlets, bacon that's as crisp as a puddle of hot melted grease, "toast" that isn't very toasty, pancakes with a pat of butter the size of a softball, and watery coffee.  Oh, and a side of orange juice, because I'm "health conscious" this month."But three stars, Randy?" you ask, incredulous.Yes my dears.  All that shitty food was served within THREE MINUTES, and I wanted it there in two.  And, I'm a softie for waitresses that call me honey.Besides, just look at the plethora of dickheads and nasty bitches these waitstaff have to put up with.  They do it well.  Nice thick (leathery, even) skin becomes a Denny's waitress.You go, girls!!!And...by the by....if you don't already know it, listen to Combustible Edison's "Breakfast at Denny's", on the album "I, Swinger".  Pure genius.
2	I was not pleased with this location, but didn't expect to be either.  My meal randomly came out at least five minutes before my friends did.  While I knew it wouldn't look as great as the picture on the menu, it looked nothing like that.  It tasted pretty bad, but I was starving so I managed.  I'll give them credit since they obviously put up with a lot and never ending crowds, but its still gross.
2	it was 6pm, and i was drunk.our server kalvin was pretty cute. too bad he had "susan" tatted on his wrist.
2	For a resturant that is right on the strip, this place was NO DICE. Service was subpar, the servers seemed rushed and flustered at all times and food was... well the same as the rest so I guess that's a plus.
5	I had a fantastic experience at this Denny's.  I haven't been to a Denny's in years, but it seemed like a far better option than paying the ridiculous prices for food where I was staying (Wynn).  Being used to NYC, most places with high prices don't suprise me,but congrats to the Wynn for doing just that!Anyway, after having not my best Poker session ever (meaning I lost quite a bit to a table full of grandmas), I needed some comfort food for a price I could afford with my now very small bankroll.  Denny's seemed perfect for just that.  It was about 3am so it was pretty empty, and the hostess and waiter were both very friendly.  The place was nice and clean inside.  Opening the menu filled me with joy.  Just seeing all the food I could order made me so happy, but also so confused.  What should i get? pancakes, appetizer sampler? omlette, sundae?  Then I saw it.  Grand Slam Burrito.  I read the description.  Buritto filled with eggs, cheese, bacon, sausage, pancakes, and syrup.  This makes the McGriddle look like babyfood.  I instantly was ecstatic at the thought of this meal.  I would guess it was the single most unhealthy thing I have ever eaten in my life.  Every bite was more perfect than the last one though.  This sandwich was so delicious.  In my opinion, this will be remembered as one of man's greatest creations of the decade.  I wish I could have been in the brainstorming session that resulted in this idea.  I'd like to buy those folks a drink.  You have to try this burrito.  Just wow!.  Oh, and the hash brown that came with it was good too.Not a bad way to spend seven or eight bucks, especially in a town like Vegas.
3	Wow, what a collection of freaking drunks you willl find here on any given morning. Kinda reminded me of Hollywood, grill back home. This spot is right next to the Casino Royale.Food is good, hell anything is good when your hungover...but its a lifesaver because of its location!Shake & bake seal of approval.
3	Ok, so, I'm one of the mid-day drunks who came here looking to sober up before heading to my afternoon nap in the hotel.  From what I do recall it was very good service, with plenty of water refills, and my entree was quite good.  Nice and clean place, and down to earth prices.  Great place to get some grease spoon food to soak up the alcohol.
3	Thank you for feeding my inebriated self some delicious sliders and fries at 4:30am. I actually am not sure if they were delicious or not but my friend said I dove for the last fry on the plate when she was trying to get me to head back to the hotel. I believe that and the fact that I ate 2 of the 3 sliders we orderd is an indicator that the food was good. Thank you for letting me think that by my friend and I wearing our sunglasses inside at that time that no one would notice how drunk we were. Finally thank you for letting me nap for a minute or two in the booth while we awaited the arrival of our food.
3	At 5:30am on Las Vegas Boulevard, Denny's is your friendI usually do not have much love for Denny's these days, but after a long night of partying, this location on the Las Vegas Strip can be just the right place for the right price. Do not go here sober: you will be the only one besides the staff and will not like it. Hordes of sweaty tourists and drunken revelers slide through this place 24 hours per day all year long and it shows. It is the dirtiest Denny's you will ever sit in, and that's saying a lot. But do not mind those minor details; remember, you are drunk and hungry, and Uncle Denny is here to help with that headache. Inside this diner you will experience the greatest craving for substandard food in your life. In a swirling and spinning haze with sounds that cut in and fade out, you will throw out your sensibilities and last vestiges of decency and want everything on the menu like an uncultured swine. Gazing at the menu with a childlike sense of awe and amazement--somewhere in your brain's basement a little voice will pose this question: does this place employ a hypnotist?--you start to feel that each perfectly posed piece of colorful food on the menu is beckoning you. Give into those feelings my hard-partying friend; you've earned the right to sit at the booth of frat kings that has comforted hundreds of thousands of bacchanalian souls coming off 15-hour sprees of drinking, gambling, and dancing with Dionysus just like you. You are now in the sticky, vinyl throne of Vegas. You have arrived. (For the best 24-hour eats in Vegas, head to Mr. Lucky's 24/7 in the Hard Rock Hotel; that diner cannot be beat during the in-between times).
3	This review is NOT FOR FOOD but for the fact that they sell $.99 water bottles here.Again, $.99 water bottles here. Walk in, go straight and on your right you will find delicious, life-sustaining, hangover-curing, vital-in-ridiculous-desert-heat, CHEAP WATER. No tax or anything, so bring in a buck and get a lucky penny (you're going to need it) and a bottle of water.
1	It was very crowded. I was pleased that the wait time for a table was not long, but that was my only pleasure from this place. The service was poor. I asked for a glass of water that I never did get. It was hard to flag down my waiter, who I think went on break after taking my order. My food was barely warm. Then to top it all off, I had to wait in a very long line to pay my bill. There was only 1 cashier working, until they got enough sense to get a second cashier. Gee, the line goes down the restaurant, we better get a second cashier.  Why did it take so long to figure this out?
4	Buffets abound on the strip, but aside from those all-you-can-eat options, I found that there are not too many breakfast/brunch places to eat in the morning. For that reason, I'm giving this Denny's a higher rating than I usually would. Not wanting to eat a ton of food before spending my afternoon poolside at the hotel (and also not wanting to spend a ton of money), I went to Denny's on the Saturday morning after a night out. So did a lot of other vacationers.The estimated wait time was approximately 20 minutes. It felt longer.When my group got seated, we were astounded by the size of the place. We couldn't see the wait area from where we sat - nice, so to avoid waiting stares of hungry and/or hungover tourists.As far as the food, it was standard for a Denny's. Large portions, fair prices. Our server was friendly and explained that the kitchen was backed up, so we had to wait longer for food. We appreciated her honesty in that.I recommend this Denny's, if you're not feeling a buffet some morning. Just be ready to wait.
1	Avoid like the plague!Went with five girls for a economical brunch before hitting the pool/slots. Everything was terrible about this place- so bad that I  made a severe mental note to warn THE OTHERS on Yelp before they made this tragic mistake.We ordered our meals and a few of us ordered coffees. The waitress came on the other side of the table and told my cousins to "slide those coffees over there will ya" to me and my sister. Totally rude. Then, she said "the bread is getting toasted it's coming" after we asked where the bread was. Ten minutes later she comes out and says "oh there actually was no bread but here! take this garlic bread instead". The garlic bread was literally seeped in a garlic broth and microwaved, so my sister was the only one with balls to ask for just bread and butter instead. When the waitress came back, chunks of butter were thrown onto untoasted white bread. Ridic.I'm not one to complain, but I usually LOVE Denny's and have never had an issue with it back home. The meals we got were literally slapped onto the plate, half-assed, and small. This Denny's made my heart die a little inside.Waitresses never refilled our coffee, disappeared, and we had to go to the kitchen to find someone to pay our bill.Tip had the shape of a donut. A small angry donut.
5	Loved this place! We were staying at Palazzo and looking for a reasonable breakfast option to eat at and then get back in the pool! This Dennys is perfectly located in what I consider the best part of the strip- the end. He had the slamwich- omg... Its like a grilled cheese on crack. It has eggs, bacon, sausage, ham and cheese on cinnamon toast. I had bananas foster french toast. Omg. SO delicious we actually made it back for a late night meal after a show. LOVE dennys. Wish we had them in Staten Island, Ny where I  live. Def beats out Perkins and IHOP. Love the cherry limeades!! Will def return!
1	Absolutely worst food ever! I ordered the nachos and I was served incredibly stale chips with cold cheese. I sent it back to melt the stuff and it returned with slightly warm cheese and missing all of the other toppings. I understand that it's Vegas and I shouldn't have high expectations, but it completely changes my perception of Dennys. I drove by it yesterday and was disgusted at the thought of every going there again. I never realized how one experience can change your perceptions completely, but one simple plate of nachos did just that.
4	We had eaten earlier at a shmancy sushi spot at the Palms. I guess it holds true also with Japanese food regarding being hungry again in an hour. We were suppose to go to BB Kings for a late nite snack, cocktails and blues, but, our hunger (and drunkenness) just would not be satisfied with anything other than good ol american diner fare. Enter, Denny's. We slowed our roll from the alcohol with a glass of Diet Coke and Rasberry Iced Tea. Just thinking about that first sip makes my mouth water. That and I drank two glasses before even ordering. Damn desert dehydration! Mama ordered the super bird with a side salad and I got some flavor of the month Jalapeno cheese burger with onions that Ozomatley or Los Lobos or the Beatles order. Whoever sponsors it, it was scrumptious! Oh mylanta that damn burger was the $hit I tell you! THE $HIT!!! We split a side of onion rings and french fries. We both voraciously annihilated our food like it was going out of style. I felt the plate shaking in fear that it would have been the next item down our throats. Man, I have to say that was one of the best Denny's episodes we've ever had. Sigh....
4	Great old school service from the waitresses here, they were cracking me up and i needed it after being in a dumb ass fancy club all night.Typical Denny's other than that, cheap basic american eats and another good place to avoid outrageous Vegas food prices.
4	When you get to Vegas and find out that the buffets are NOT cheap, do yourself a favor and head to Denny's! You won't be alone...After laughing at the $55 for two breakfast buffet in the hotel, my girlfriend and I headed over to Denny's for some cheap eats. We arrived to throngs of people with the same idea. Regardless, our wait time was less than 20 minutes, and being attached to Casino Royale, we found ways to pass the time. : )This is very much your typical Denny's. I had the grand slam (or one of their "slams", can't remember which in particular), but with the cranberry orange pancakes instead of the plain kind. Delicious!! My only complaint was that my sunny side up eggs were a little on the undercooked side. Not salmonella undercooked, but could've been just a little more...The staff were extremely efficient considering how crazy busy it is here. Not to mention friendly! Next time you're in Vegas, skip the pricey hotel crap and dive into Denny's!
3	when you go to Vegas, you quickly realize that this town's prices follow a "well curve" (sorry kids, we're talking Statistics out here) - everything's pretty much really cheap or really costly.Denny's falls on the lower end of that price spectrum. the $2-4-6-8 Menu is a blessing handed down from God/Allah/Yahweh/Odin/Zeus/Joe Pesci.for $6 I got the southern omelet: 3 eggs, cheese, crumbled biscuit, sausage, gravy, cheese, hash browns and toast. also got some coffee and orange juice. total was around $10. the sausage was kind of bland, but the rest of the flavors acted in deliciously unhealthy unison. what obesity epidemic?service? could have been better. but the place was packed, and yet our group of 6 was seated in 10 minutes, so I give them props for that.furthermore, you got 24-hour service and 99 cent bottles of water.and in case you're wondering, I only ate two meals a day in Vegas and walked around a lot to counteract the food/booze overconsumption.
1	My most recent Vegas trip wasn't exactly what I was expecting, but considering how horrible it was, (sorry kiddos that I went with, it's prob not your fault) our meal at Denny's was absolutely NOT helping with the situation. Don't get me wrong, my mood absolutely does not affect my rating of this place, it was simply that bad.Our group of five decided that we would grab a small and quick breakfast to hold off the hunger until our 2:30pm appointment with the Wynn buffet that afternoon. We woke up pretty late, and headed across the street to Denny's a little after lunchtime. Boyfriend forgot his phone in the room so we told the others to go ahead. By the time we caught up, the three of them had secured a nice table near the kitchen, it seemed like a pretty good spot. They were nice enough to wait for us to order, hopefully we didn't take too long! So here's what happened: we were all starving, and it pretty much took at least a half hour before we were able to order/get our food. First off, we didn't have enough menus. (Didn't even get ONE copy of the cool  $2/4/6 menu that I ended up swiping from a neighboring table) Secondly, nobody brought us any water. Third, every waiter we tried to flag down STRAIGHT UP IGNORED us. Why? Because we weren't in their zone/area or whatever. Turns out we weren't even assigned a waiter, no wonder. So by the time we clear up the situation (they all kept telling us that someone else was coming, clearly  not) we were able to order. I personally have a thing against soggy potatoes so I specifically asked for my hashbrowns to be extra crispy, and they came out pasty white (okay, maybe beige. gross!) The eggs were no better, the whole meal was a huge letdown. Despite taking over 30 minutes to take our order, our check came out at the speed of light.Left our money at the table, definitely not coming back. I realize that not everyone's experience may be this bad, but if its bad enough to be this inconsistent, it's bad.
3	It wasn't my choice to eat here since there are so many other places to eat in Vegas. Plus, I hate eating at most chain restaurants. But we wanted breakfast food around 1pm and this was the closest place to our hotel that was still serving breakfast. And it was totally worth the wait! I forgot how greasy, delicious and cheap the breakfast items were! It definitely satisfied my craving for eggs, bacon, pancakes, covered hash browns, and toast.
3	ok...so it's a chain...BUT...it's usually open when you need it to be (you know...when you can't sleep, or are stumbling home a the wee hours of the morning).Now the reason I only gave it a 3 is because...use real cheese darn it!!!  Other than that...the skillet breakfast special wasn't bad...and the pancake puppies...they were awesome!  I had the blueberry and white chocolate chip, but the other ones (cinnamon and sugar) looked good too.
1	It took forever to get our food, but the server was really nice. The manager gave us a $5.00 off to compensate the hour we waited for our food after we ordered (not even exaggerating). I felt real bad for the server because I could tell the kitchen is the one that messed it up. He even checked up on it twice and they failed to make it twice. After getting it, my boyfriend's food was salty. But hey, it's Denny's. As for my avocado burrito, that's what the one star is for. It was yummy. I couldn't believe Denny's could be botched up. But now I know, it sure can!
4	Its 4 A.M. You've been out partying in Vegas all night and staring you in the face is a huge Denny's sign. You realize that it's in your best interest to go back to your hotel and pass out, but the rumbling in your stomach and your drunk friends just won't let you do that. So, you head in, sit down, and in a dizzy drunken frenzy, try to figure out what the hell you want to eat.Maybe that happened, maybe it didn't. Let's just pretend we're in a world of pure fiction right now. We ended up getting an order of some of the crunchiest most delectable cheese sticks I have ever had. While more than half of my friends were passed out, I enjoyed every single bite of mozzarella goodness.The great thing about this Denny's was surprisingly the waiter. She could instantly decipher our inebriated state, but didn't give us any attitude or treat us like your typical college students. Instead, she just laughed along with our stupid jokes and was very courteous and timely. This Denny's is perfect if you're hungry in the middle of the night and want to fulfill those munchies that you've been craving for all night.
4	I have to say, I was impressed by this Denny's. Not only is there a systematic way of putting your name on the list and things but the host is friendly and understanding that lots of people there are stupid drunks or in a bad mood. LOL. I wasn't. Walter and I walked in here. "10 top for Walter". he said oh WOW TEN. OK. He seemed happy about that. We got this whole nook in the back near the restrooms for our large party. Our server was awesome. He spoke both English and Spanish. When I realized that he was more comfy speaking in Spanish,  I was happy to order that way as well. He was quick to bring out our food. The only thing that we had to ask for was extra condiments. Everything else, he was on top of it. We were a loud bunch but not a rowdy one. Our bills were all done separately. SMART server!! The food isn't the best around but you really don't care when you arrive and are tipsy and starving. I was impressed really. fast serviceaccurate orders attentive servergood value for the moneysystematic sign in for a tableshort waitclean restroomfunny patrons
1	This is the worst Denny's I have ever been to.We usually love Denny's but this location was horrible!The food was disgusting, it was a long wait, our waiter always got lost.On top of all that the hostess was so disorganized she didn't know what she was doing. I mean this was crazy.Don't bother coming to this location you'll be seriously disappointed.Just saying..=/
3	The food is okay.I order steak and eggs. The steak is too tough! It took a while to get my food because the place was jam packed with people. I would definitely come back again. Very convenient and close to the strip.Easy access! You can take the monorail and the tram if you live too far from the strip.
3	A long wait just like any other Denny's i've been too. an even longer wait to get your food too. portions are decent, enough to fill you up. I got some scramble thing they sound really good at that moment after a night out of getting F--ked up at TAO nightclub. A lot of people come here to eat and its actually a pretty small dennys, sadly. also, people, no alcohol is allowed here [ my buddies didnt get the memo since we all walked in with a cup filled with something ]. our server betty i believe was really nice. she was awesome with the service, that made up for the wait time for our food.
3	if i could rem our waitress, name i would shout her out but all i rem is her telling us to call her "momma" and omg did she take care of us, it was just like she was our mother feeding us a sunday breakfast. denny's is cheap, and you know what your getting- i have never had such a good experience with dennys food until the morning we went here. next time in vegas, def stopping in and sitting in her area.
3	Ok, it's Denny's first of all. There is a huge variety or artery clogging meals for people who are hung over or spent to much money elsewhere to afford a healthy meal. You'd think they'd hire more staff here because, well, ITS VEGAS! Service initially was awful and my girls and I were starving. You all know how that goes... hungry girls = watch out! Anyways, we finally sat down and service was still slow though the place emptied out. I don't remember his name but I want to call him Arthur. He's a black man with glasses who is the sweetest guy on earth. He totally made our experience well worth it. He's so hard working, polite, and makes you feel right at home. He's awesome. So if you somehow end up here, I hope he's your server. It makes the drab of what Denny's usually is much more enjoyable.
1	I've only been here 10 minutes and the service is already bad. I hate it. Took forever just to get our order taken let alone even get water offered to us.
2	The only reason you come to this Denny's is to dodge Vegas' high prices for crappy food!!! At least here you pay way less money for the crappy food you're going to get!  The service here is almost always terrible.  This place is always packed for breakfast and after the club hours.  If you can, go to the Denny's off of the strip.  Otherwise, just settle for what you get here.
4	I've visited this Denny's every time I'm been to Vegas since 1999. Convenient location, decent prices for the Strip. Food standard Denny's, and I've had good service every time I've been there.
1	I have never hated a Denny s so much in my life. And stupid me, I've given this place three chances to impress me because it's conveniently located. Every time I have been not satisfied. The employees don't care about you or their job, the food takes forever and is not perfectly made and I feel like the overall time being in that damn place is never less than an hour and a half. I'm sorry we have places to be when were in Vegas, I like to be in control of my time, not you.
3	Hahaha, we walked into this joint like at 3 in the morning. I walked in with my Mai tai and the host was like, you can't come in here with that. I told him it was cranberry juice but he looked at me like I was nuts because the mai tai was orange. I went outside,  pounded my drink and went back inside.
4	Each year I go to a conference here and decide to eat at Denny's.  Most of the time its pretty typical... nothing too special.This week I ate here twice.The first time the waitress was extremely good and fun.  We had a good time messing with her.  Food we had was also good and nothing to complain about.The second time I ate here (later in the week) the waitress was ok.  However, I'd have to say that I give them credit with the service.  I was treated well by at least 3 or 4 different people who work there.  The place was packed and yet they had great service.Note - Much cheaper to eat here than at the buffets :-)
2	Value meals... that's where it's at for cheap eating, as long as you're not looking for healthy.  And egg, biscuits and gravy for $2.  You know it's cheap when your tea costs more then your meal.  I wouldn't call it a good meal by any means, but if you're broke on the strip from plugging all your $ into an one armed bandit, it'll fill the hole in your gut (but not your soul... it's a lost cause).But... free wi-fi!  Hard to find on the strip.
2	Service takes forever! Food is inconsistent and poor. Eat down the street at chipotle or mcdonalds instead.
2	Denny's. It seems like I always end up eating here at least once during a Vegas trip. Why? It's cheap and it's open 24 hours. I ordered the Chicken Spinach Salad (with diced bacon and bread). It was more spinach than anything else.  The reason I give the restaurant two stars in because my friend had a bad allergic reaction shortly after eating here. It may have been because they used a utensil that touched seafood when handling her food. I don't think we will be coming back here again.
3	After a drunk night in Vegas, people are always look for food to fill there bellys. Dennys on the strip next to Casino Royal is a fast sit down place to get that belly full. The staff was very nice, the waiter was very fast and cared about the service. We didn't get more then like 6 fries on our sandwach plate, which we told the server and she gave us a side of fries at no cost. Which I thought was great service. So, I would go back here during my late night drunkness on the Las Vegas Strip after a long night.
1	I came to this Denny's because it was the closest thing on the strip late at night while walking. We were seated pretty fast and at first everything seemed alright at first. The server came and took our order and overall the food didn't take too long. However, the server was not nice or attentive. Every time I wanted something he was no where to be found, he didn't check up on us at all. Later when he came and I asked him for 2 items he said, "Anything else? So I don't have to keep going back and forth"....talking about RUDE!!! But that was not all. As I was eating I saw a hair on my plate! Yes, a freaking hair, how disgusting is that!!?? I asked to speak to management and they removed it off my tab, pretty disgusting if you ask me. There should absolutely be no hair on anyone's food, it doesn't seem like the cook wears a hair net.
4	this is our everyday breakfast spot while we were in vegas. just a few steps from our hotel, 24 hours, good price, fast service.i love, looooved the skillets. a perfect mix of carbs and veggies. always packed, always delicious, 4 stars!
1	Walking in and not being greeted is on of my all time pet peeves. Anyone working in the restaurant business should know that greeting is extremely important - yet not here. The staff is extremely rude and not helpful. The staff service makes the food worse (somehow it always relates, right?). Greasy and sickening. I'd rather avoid the hour long wait for a bad experience.
5	I came here after seven hours of travelling plus a day of work... I had been up since 3am on the East Coast and it was around 9pm on the West Coast. I had never been to Vegas and I was taking it all in before crashing. Needless to say, I was EXHAUSTED. Lillian took such good care of me... I was so delirious all I needed was food before I stumbled back to the hotel. I was sitting in front of a VERY rude older couple who just weren't pleased with anything, but bless Lillian, she took it in stride (smiling the whole time) and was absolutely wonderful to me. For my very first meal in Vegas (a stranger in a strange land, so to speak), the comfort and fantastic service that she provided was so unbelievably welcome.
4	You will get value meals.Unhealthy as in all American Restaurants, but if you don't eat burgers and fries on a daily basis, it will not harm you.
4	Yes, 4 stars for Denny's.  Why?  Because it's damn good for what it is.  Good, quick, cheap food at any time of the day.  If you get sick from food poisoning, find a pube in your meal, or your server snorts coke in front of you by rolling up one of your pancakes, then yeah, give it one or two stars.  But you walked into Denny's knowing what it was, right?The staff was friendly and efficient.  Almost too efficient - a crowd of people were waiting to be seated as a crowd of people were waiting to pay.  The food came out quickly and it was your typical budget diner fare.  No surprises here.  The prices are among the lowest that you'll find for restaurants on the strip and it'll give you the energy to walk around on a hot day.Also don't understand some of the reviews where people act like coming here late night / early morning after partying is a bad thing.  I think it's a great thing.  Denny's is a good way to recharge after a night out.  There's no shame in that.  Unless you're a girl with four guys, walking around like you're a cowboy.  Then there's a little shame in that.  But it's Denny's - nobody will judge you.
2	They don't take orders over the phone after 10pm and they have an idiotic new employee who doesn't realize this until wasting 10 minutes on the phone with you while whistling into your ear!  I haven't tried the food, so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt.
1	our server ROYCE rushed us for our order didnt refill our water , forgot our extra order of hash browns and bacon, and to top it off he yelled at another employee right in front of us, her name was joyce and she was very sweet letting us know royce was coming because we waited about 7minuets before we saw anyone. i dont recommend it.  also if youre passing through primm SKIP DESPARADO rollercoaster very dangerous,
1	Worst dennys I ever came to. I came here last Saturday morning with my friends like at 3-4AM. Bad service! The waitress took our orders. She didn't give us our utensils until 10 mins after our food came out. By the time the food came out, we weren't even hungry anymore. Our food came out in like 30-1 hr and our drinks came out like 10 mine before our food. The pancake puppies were so burnt! I will not be coming back here.
4	I've driven past by this Denny's hundreds of times and yet, have only dined here once or twice. This was before their renovation and now after their grand re-opening, I'm sure I'll be visiting a lot more when in Sin City.This location is the country's no. 1 cash generating Denny's restaurant. With it's prime spot on the strip for almost 50 years at the Best Western Plus Casino Royale, it's not hard to believe. The year-long renovation included a $9 million, 26,500 sq. ft., two-story addition that can be accessed via an escalator, adding room for almost 300 diners. Incredible, when you think about what the place looked like before.My last visit was probably 10+ years ago with family. After spending time at the Circus Circus Midway playing games and winning stuffed animals, we were hungry. I don't remember much about the food we ordered and I'm surprised I even remember dining here at all really. All I can remember is thinking the place was old and dingy... which is probably why it was about time to remodel. I'm sure the food was standard as Denny's is a chain and their quality and taste is pretty consistent.I'll admit that Denny's is a guilty pleasure of mine, so I'm excited to eat here again in the near future. Plus, White Castle is opening next door by late-2015. I can't wait.
