4	3.5 StarsFinally a pho place that I don't have to drive 15-20 min for. Verdict....it's definitely a keeper. Ordered my pho tai TO GO and egg rolls and the noodles were al dente exactly how I like them. The beef was definitely fresh and sliced by them or wherever they bought it because it was not your normal typical beef that you get at other places. My husband enjoyed the egg rolls more here but I didn't notice a huge difference except there was no lettuce to wrap the egg rolls with. Not sure if they forgot or if that's not their type but in any case it was decent. The broth wasn't bad either, not the best I've had but it works. There wasn't too much broth but it worked out since its so hot I didn't gulp down the broth anyways. There's only one size and I think its about 8 bucks a bowl give or take which is about the same as other places? Noodles are a lil less too but I was full regardless. Not sure how long they are giving away the 20% discount for but it's definitely a decent pho joint. The lady working there pointed out the 20% off that we received and service was pretty quick.
2	I gave this place two stars b/c the food wasn't so bad....but the customer service was horrible! First, you don't get greeted to sit at a table and then once you sit down, you have to wait 10 mins to get a drink.  after that, you have to wait another 15 mins to order and you get the idea.  e ordered Veggie rolls but the waitress got our order wrong.  While we were waiting, one of the employees brought her kids and they were playing in the front and being loud and noisy.  You can't bring kids if you work at a restaurant!!  We are not going back to this place again.  If you really want to try it, I suggest you get the food to go, rather than eating there.
3	FINALLY a pho place nearby AND 20% off the first week I'm THERE! hehe We were immediately seated and given a menu, which I was shocked to see they didn't have grilled beef as an option for the rice and noodle plates. I ordered fresh spring rolls, combo pho and my boyfriend had chicken pho. The spring rolls and pho were ok. Even though it was just ok we will def. be going back and trying other things.
2	Customer service was horrible.  I went in and none of the employees seemed to notice me.  So I awkwardly sat down at a table.  I flagged down a waitress to ask for a menu after a little bit of waiting because I guess they didn't see that I was a new customer.Tried their spring rolls.  It's alright, nothing special.  I thought the taste was overpowered by minty-ness.The pho was nothing great either.  I judge it by the broth, and this was one of the worst I've ever tasted.  To me, it was a bit bland and lacked that kick that makes pho one of the most flavorful dishes out there.Oh well, at least it was 20% off for the first week.  I'd probably try this place one more time.  I surely hope what I experienced was just a new restaurant's growing pains.
1	BEWARE!! Horrible service!! Food is mediocre!! Unprofessional and rude, liars and SCAMMERS!! Walked in for a take out, paid for my food and asked them how long it will take. they said about 15mins. I was in a rush so I decided to get gas which is in the same shopping complex. Told the lady/owner I will be back to pick up my food. So when we came back 15 mins later, I sent my husband to get the food and I stayed in the car with my baby. He was in there a few mins and comes out saying we never ordered. So at this point I was heated for now I am running late for work. I go in there and the lady again denies I was in there 25 mins earlier and that she doesn't remember. Are you frickin' kidding me?? Now at this point I was irate and fuming. I noticed there was a camera and told the lady to run it. This is just 25 minutes later. She was blabbering and says ok we'll cook the order!! No apologies instead she tells me its been a long day... RETARDS!! I know I should've asked for a receipt but I figured I was only gone 15 mins. Camera was just probably for display and when I mentioned that, she kinda backed off. I wonder how many other people they scam!! They need to be shut down!! AND AGAIN FOOD IS NOT GOOD... we we're rushing and hungry that I didn't even think they might have put something in my food... Well KARMA will get them if ever!!
1	Arrived eager and excited to taste the food. Ordered fresh spring rolls without pork and waitress verbally confirmed the order with "No pork." The dish arrived shortly after the order was placed with pork in the spring rolls. After flagging down the waitress and having to explain the order that she verbally confirmed herself; she was reluctant to bring the plate to the kitchen window. Looking through the plate window which exposed the kitchen revealed a stack of pre-made spring rolls waiting to be plated after they were ordered. The "fresh" spring rolls are not made to order and are left sitting like fast food under a heat lamp! Main dishes arrived with overcooked/bloated noodles and non authentic broth. Beef boullion is not an acceptable substitute in Vietnamese noodle soup broth. Further observation revealed blatant health code violations such as servers going into the kitchen and preparing/handling food without washing their hands and employees using fingers instead of tissue to wipe their nose right before they handle food! Lastly, after asking a waiter to relay a message to the kitchen he admitted that there is a language barrier between the front of house staff and the kitchen crew; they don't even speak the same language!
4	I'm excited to have a Vietnamese restaurant so close by. I walked in and ordered to go and they gave me a water while I was waiting. It couldn't have been more than 10min and food looked great when I took it home. I got the grilled pork and egg rolls on vermicelli. Pork was great and the vermicelli had a nice texture, but the egg rolls were just ok. I just wish the fish sauce was a little bit stronger. It had a great sweetness, but tasted a little watered down for my taste... Overall, I'd definitely come here again and hopefully get a stronger batch of fish sauce haha
4	I had to add my review here after reading some of the previous ones.Maybe this is an establishment that started off a little rocky, but figured out their groove and fixed some of the complaints, because I visit no less than a dozen or so pho places in town, mostly in Chinatown, and this place impressed me and my colleague today.  Firstly, I think the negative comments on the service are laughable.  What pho place in town gives red carpet service anyway?  I'm pretty confident that any regulars' expectations are to be seated and served a glass of ice water, order your food and drink together, have it dropped off, and pay at the counter.  The staff at Sammy far exceeded that expected service level if you ask me.  Two of the staff checked in on us 3 times during our 30 minute lunch visit.  Impressive for a pho restaurant!  In addition, the waiter brought us our check, and acted as cashier.  Again, exceeding standards.  This is not PF Chang's folks...c'mon.Regarding the food, the spring rolls were okay.  That I agree with.  I guess you could really mess them up if you tried, but noodles, cooked shrimp, and herbs is pretty straight forward.  The pho was awesome though!  The broth was extremely rich and flavorful.  Way more so than many of the perceived "awesome" spots in Chinatown, which I feel serve a watered down version of what I hope pho broth to be.  My "rare steak" was in fact rare, as described on the menu.  It did cook just fine in the broth, and the "well done flank" was, well....done.  See what I did there?  :)  So, my review is my opinion for whatever it's worth.  Coming from the Caucasian who loves Asian food, and is particularly fond of Vietnamese fare, and speaking on behalf of my Filipino colleague who loves him some pho, I say this place is definitely on my list of regular lunch places.Hats off to Sammy Pho!
3	So I visited this place twice more after my initial visit on opening week (latest one was earlier today), and I must say, my bad experience during my first trip was purely growing pains.I tried the spring rolls again.  No overpowering minty aftertaste.  Everything was just right.  Still not the best, but good enough.I ordered the pho with rare steak, brisket, meatballs & tendon (I think it was the house special pho), and the flavor of the broth was a lot more tasty than the first one.  It had much more flavor, and that sweetness that makes really good Pho was there.  I still prefer driving to Chinatown and savoring the pho of Pho87 or Pho Saigon 8.  But whenever I'm craving for a quick fix, since I live less than a mile from here, this place is good enough.The reason why I didn't give this review more stars was because my table smelled of a damp washcloth.  I let the server know and I switched to a different table and experienced the same thing.  I chose to not mind it anymore.  It was horrible during the wait.  Good thing the scent of the soup overpowered it when I ate so it was all good in the end.
3	Because I will probably never come here again; here is my review. Despite the man sitting behind me slurping his Pho the ENTIRE time I was there, the massive fly roaming around our table (size of a bird) and the rather unhappy server; I would say A-OK! Had the veggie Pho Soup with beef broth, but was lacking flavor. Added some lime to give it a lil kick but didn't quite meet some of my previous Pho experiences.
2	This place gets an extra star because food wasn't exactly terrible. But I will never ever ever come back again. Even if it is steps away from work, which would've been convenient but.. Bleh.Service sucks. Idk how else to put it. They have no organization to seating arrangements or anything like that. People started walking out! We finally got a table but our server was distracted & was not listening when we were ordering. After waiting 20 minutes, we finally got our waters & drink orders.Another 30 minutes later, he gives us 4 bowls of Pho when we ordered 1 Pho & 2 Vermicelli Bowls. And listen to this... he was ARGUING with us that those bowls were our orders. We grabbed a menu and physically pointed our orders and he kept saying "Ok ok ok!" He reached over my friend to grab the Pho bowls by her & he was seriously way too close for comfort, about to spill the bowls on her. She cussed him out & he was just so oblivious & careless, he just walked away.20 minutes later, we finally get our food. Small portions, tasty but not the best. Thank goodness we got the Grand Opening 20% Discount. But besides that, NEVER AGAIN!
1	Broth is highly uninspired.  Meat is tough, and the cost for the pho is higher than city standard by $2 per bowl.  no kid size bowls.  Bun is minimal serving - meat is boiled and then grilled, not marinated, and veggies are sparse.  Noodles used are kinda like spaghetti than vervacelli noodles.  Avoid with prejudice.
4	My wife and I decided to give Sammy Pho a try. We live on the southwest side and always have to drive to Chinatown to go to Pho Kim Long so we were excited to try a place so close to home. We walked in and were seated very quickly. The place was pretty empty when we walked in but it was a little early for dinner. Got some menus and looked it over. It's not as extensive as some of the other places but to me that's not a negative as I have no qualms with quality over quantity. We both ordered the pho with chicken and some egg rolls. I really liked that they had the option to add extra noodles or meat. I added the extra noodles. The food arrived pretty quickly. The egg rolls were pretty tasty. They came 4 on a plate. I had 3 the Mrs. had 1. I can be a piggy. Would I order them again? Definitely. I gotta say I really enjoyed the pho. Our favorite place for pho is Pho Kim Long so I guess I'd compare Sammy's to that. The broth at Sammy's is pretty good. When comparing to Pho Kim Long, it's good but in a different way. A slight edge to Pho Kim Long for the broth. What I really liked though was that the chicken was actually chicken. Some of these other places use this squishy chicken like meat but Sammy's has real shredded chicken. Really really enjoyed that. In regards to the negatives about service, like others have said Pho restaurants tend to not be very customer service oriented. Having said that we were pleasantly surprised at the level of service we received at Sammy Pho. The waiters were very attentive and checked on us often. The owner Sammy came over and introduced himself and was super friendly and had a small conversation with us after our meal. My wife was drinking a diet soda and he asked her if she needed a refill. She said she was ok but he brought us a drink to go anyway. Who does that?? That was very nice of him. Overall we really enjoyed our meal and will definitely be going back. Good food for a good price. I'm craving some as I write this!
5	I love this place! Our servers were really attentive and made sure to check up on us. Our food was brought out just a few moments after we ordered and it was delicious! I thought that the all the servers were so cute, especially the older lady. She reminded me of my grandmother. Lol! Being a newer establishment, it did feel a little disorganized but it wasn't at all what I considered the worst service. Overall, I was there to eat and the food was great, definitely convenient considering its only a few minutes away from home, and I thought the place was cute and the service was great! :)
5	I'm very surprised by the bad reviews about the service here. My partner and I received great service at Sammy's!We came here because we were too lazy to drive all the way to Chinatown for Pho. We were very pleased and surprised by this place. We both like our noodles a bit al dente and this was the first pho place we found in Las Vegas that has it. The soup was also very good and I received a good portion of meet with my Pho as well. Our server was very attentive to us. We even left the restaurant talking about how surprised we were by the service.
3	The food is good, service is do it yourself style, atmosphere is so so. I wouldn't go on a date here but it's a good food run.
4	After our grocery run at VONS.  I got pretty hungry... and decided to try this place out.  Since its right next door.  We are pleasantly surprised!The waitress was really friendly and service was prompt. The menu is very clear and wow.... their chicken curry looked AMAZING on the menu.  I had to order it.Food came out fast, looked awesome and tasted awesome.  Portion was generous.All in all, I'd recommend anyone to give this place a try!  And keep them around!  I hope they are here to stay!!  I want to come back here soon.ps I'm surprised at the other reviews they got.  IF I had yelped them in advanced, I'd never have bothered to step in.  But phew.... boy, was I glad I did not yelp them first.  Coz, my experience here seems pretty positive compared to the others.... and I don't consider myself easily pleased.
5	I have visited here for takeout probably 10 times by now so I think I am able to give you an accurate review of Sammy Pho.  They might have had a few startup issues in the beginning but now they have it wired.  This is not a fast food franchise as it is operated by two local families, which in Las Vegas is refreshing.  I like the vermicelli rice noodles combo with egg roll.  It comes with a big pile of fresh noodles, which are not supposed to be hot by the way with lots of fresh greens and some thinly sliced bbq pork on top for flavor.  I feel good after eating Sammy's food since it is not bogged down with any grease.  Everything is freshly made as you can look right into the kitchen and see that.  Please support local business and give them a try.  If you don't know much about Viet Namese food just ask Sammy or Cindy and I'm sure they can guide you.
5	Yesterday I went here for the first time after leaving Jenni Pho due to them being closed because the Health Department shut them down!! I can say i will not be returning to Jenni Pho and will now make Sammy Pho my weekly pho visit! I just may return today!!! The service was excellent, the food was outstanding and the location is more convenient for me and my family. The restaurant is clean but very bland(bare walls) but i can set the ambience aside with the excellent service and good food. I love Sammy Pho! The best i have had yet!!!! :)
2	I came here for a mid-week lunch with the family, and though the food wasn't horrible I prefer Jenni Pho down the street. I had a Vermicelli bowl and shared the egg roll appetizer. The egg rolls were very oily. The noodles in my bowl were a bit soggy, and the grilled pork had a propane aftertaste. Everyone else in the group seemed to enjoy their lunch though. I guess this place will do in a pinch, but I'd much rather drive 5 minutes down the street to Jenni pho.
5	We've had a minor issue with our order but the staff took care of it right away. No questions asked. Even the cook apologized. Exceptional customer service! We've never been to a Pho place with this kind of awesome service. On top of that, the food is superbly good! My new favorite is seafood noodles. We will definitely come back!
4	OMG! I am so happy that another pho place has opened near my area! And they take card (for anything over 10$) which is awesome!!! The other nearest pho place only takes cash =(.  We went on a Wednesday night (around 7pm), and it was half filled. Our server was really nice and attentive. We ordered the egg rolls, chicken wings, bun, and (2) pho. Can I just say that since the whole economy crashing thing... I feel that a lot of pho places have been skimping on the meat? THIS PLACE ISNT ONE OF THOSE! I felt that my pho had double the meat that I been subjected to during the economy crash. Taste wise, it was great too, but I am not sure what bad pho and AMAZING pho tastes like. They have almost all tasted the same to me (but hey... that is still good). I def recommend the chicken wings too!
4	We've been here twice and we really like it. Yummy broth and they give you a lot of meat. One recommendation for improvement - whenever I order a drink, the waitstaff notes it down and then walks away without asking my boyfriend if he would like one. It happened both times with two different servers. Maybe it's a cultural thing?Overall, this place is very good. We like it much better than Annie Pho over on Rainbow.
2	I love Pho & I've eaten it at several different places, here in Vegas. I was finally happy to know that there was one outside of Chinatown, & near my house (summerlin/spring valley area). I've eaten here a few times, no complaints... BUT I went a few days ago & this time I ordered the vegetable soup, & there were a few tiny baby roaches (some type of insect) floating in my soup. The manager or owner apologized & offered me something else to eat, but I lost my appetite. He did not charge us.... & said that they wash their vegetables, but it might have came from inside the broccoli (because they are whole pieces) IDGAF?! Lol ew
5	Was hesitant to try after reading a few.negative reviews but I was blown away. Broth was not greasy and clean tasting. The spring rolls are the best in town if you like basil. I can appreciate a spring roll that has more than romaine lettuce and shrimp. Portion sizes were good and noodles were cooked well. 5 stars because I live 6 minutes away. I hope they don't change a thing or cut corners down the line when it comes to food/ recipes.
4	I eat pho quite often and I am a fan of Sammy Pho. The staff is super friendly and consistently upbeat and cheery. The pho tai is good, and so are the egg rolls and spring rolls. The rare steak is tender and thinly sliced, and the veggies are fresh. Recommend!
4	This is a really nice pho place is southwest Las vegas. It's close to my house and it's a lot easier than going to China town.  The food is good, the staff are pretty friendly and usually on top of things. They do accept debit if the order is over 10$ I believe. I'm no pho expert but I really enjoy this place.
3	I would consider Sammy's to be a standard pho restaurant. Nothing special but really good on a cold rainy day. Service as usual is quick since most things are pre made. I ordered to go and thought it was kind of strange for them to serve the rare beef raw in a separate container. I would return, but this wouldn't be my first choice.
5	Really great customer service. You can definitely tell this is a local family run business. Everyone was so nice and the food came out really fast. I'm happy to find a pho place that is closer to home! Will come here again :)
4	Good eats.. Beef stew noodle is good. Servers are sooo attentive..Also like their rice dishes with barbecue pork and egg roll.Try it out. Fast service.
4	Not my favorite restaurant for pho... BUT I recommend this place because the service was great! The food is pretty good too. Everyone here was very friendly and one time I ordered a Thai Tea while waiting for my to go order and the lady told me to drink up so she could refill it for me. I was very surprised! They have a lot of options for pho and rice dishes. I definitely recommend this place if you don't want to drive all the way to Chinatown.
4	This will be quick. I'm not that picky. I enjoyed my combination bowl of pho last night. $7.75. Reasonable price. It had everything you'd want--tripe, tendon, rare steak, beef balls. The broth was tasty. The noodles were great. Good portion. Very satisfying on a cold evening.
5	This is my place to go for Pho.  It's close to my house, I would not rather go to JenniPho because the taste is as good here.  Service from the owner is superb!! Other waitress can use a little cueing up, but they are young and can improve...not a problem and they are not rude.  For the negative comments, come on...do you get better service than this? They bring you your check and take payment for you and bring you candy at the end.  They always offer to go container if I didn't finish something.  Free drinks sometimes!!!!
3	Food average, not good compared to pho kim long, but service is 100% better.  Cleaner tables too.
4	This place is still pretty good, but I went back to Pho Annie and decided that although they don't give as much meat as Sammy Pho, the broth is better. I will probably go to both from now on.
1	First time here and the waitress was rude, plus she came up to our table within 5 minutes of being seated and wanted us to order, I didn't even get to look at the menu. It wasnt even busy restaurant was basically empty
3	I decided to try out Sammy Pho as I'd driven by it a few times and am a huge pho fanatic. The staff is nice and the place is very clean and tidy. Portions are good sized. Pricing is fair. They definitely dont skimp on giving their fair share of meat with every bowl of pho and give very fresh sprouts/basil/limes for your personal liking. The pho itself was pretty standard. Nothing stood out too much about the broth, it was a little on the sweeter side for my liking. This restaurant is a pretty standard spot for pho, nothing I'd go seek out, but definitely not bad in any ways. I also order an order of the fresh spring rolls which are a little heavy on the mint stuffing but otherwise good.
1	Very disgusting. This place wouldn't be the first place I would go to if I want to eat some pho..  In fact, I would never go here again. I can tell they were reusing the bean sprouts, lime and basil.. The bean sprouts had some hot sauce on it from the previous customer they gave it to. I also asked them for scissors to cut my child's noodle. They didn't even take the time to wash out the scissors. Very disgusting. I find it very lazy and unprofessional.
5	I really like this restaurant. Glad to have a pho place near my house. I usually order spring rolls to go. Service is really friendly. Will have to try to dine in soon!
1	I'm guessing they change the owners this place is not good as it used to be. It's a rip off.
3	Place was a good place to eat. I had the grilled pork chop and other side dishes in the plate. The only thing I have to say is it was small portions compared to other pho places in Las Vegas. The hospitality could be better.
2	this place isn't anything special except that it's way closer to where I live compared to Chinatown. so it's more of a matter of convenience and for that reason I had to try this place out.  the broth isn't as good as the ones in Chinatown. spring roll is decent.  as far as service they are a bit more attentive here.  overall, even though this place close I'd rather make the drive for better Pho. You're not really missing out on much if you don't come here. It wouldn't be in my recommendation list.
1	I was not happy at all because the owners changed and it was just not the same. The soup was not even hot, but warm and by the time I added my bean sprouts.....my soup would turn cold. They gave us half soup broth and the vegetables were not fresh like before. This pho restaurant was the best pho I have ever ate in Vegas before they have changed owners. The previous owners and the workers were always on top because I would always go there once a week with my dad. I do not recommend this place anymore unless the old owners come back! VERY DISAPPOINTED! It's like buying a McDonalds franchise and changing the recipe!! The new lady owner should not even work here because she is just slow in everything! Last time I was there, the phone rang and she was crawling to the phone. This tells me that she is not dedicated to her job. I will definitely go back to Jenni Pho and never be disappointed with my order
2	I have eaten here about 10 times... A few of the times I ordered take out, it's always package nicely. However, the last three times I've been here the broth smells strong like garlic and is a dark brown color. It hasn't been near as good as the times before. Today when I went it looked as though the bean sprouts and jalapenos were being reused, The jalapenos were dry. It's conveniently located near my home, however I believe I would rather travel farther than to return  here again.
5	Always come here when we want Vietnamese foods.  Miss my usual waitress this time since she was on vacation and won't be back til next week.  I ordered Curry chicken and it was so delicious.  My mouth is still watering thinking about it.  I also tried the Thai Iced Tea since it is free til the end of April and omg, it is the best Thai Iced Tea I've ever had.   My friend had Grilled pork chop over rice and loved it.  We will back very soon.
1	Did the owners change?? I have been to this place around 8 times and all times except for the last one - the food was AMAZING! Great pho, especially their sate pho. The last time I went, about 3 weekends ago it was different and horrible. The service was lacking (none of the people who were working I recognized); got my order wrong, then I waited a while for my sate pho, and they gave us a small quantity of bean sprouts and basil .  The sate pho was very different, not enough spice, the broth had no flavor, the meat was very different than what it usually is (it was a very bad quality cut of meat); I didn't even finish it. What happened Sammy Pho? I'm very disappointed.
4	Just got a to-go order. The owner was super nice and friendly. The only complaint is that the small size pho is REALLY SMALL. I got it home and seriously wanted to eat both mine and my boyfriend's, since he was sleeping he would never know. LOL.The pho itself is decent. It's not as flavorful as some of my other favorite pho places, but it definitely hits the spot for when you're craving pho.
1	Oh Sammy pho, where did you go!?!? This place was one of most favorite and frequented spots to dine...Once upon a time that is.I visited about a month ago and the food seemed to have changed a bit(for the worse) but I thought, hmmm, maybe just a different cook today...?And the service was lacking as well. I thought, well maybe it's just a bad day for them.So then I return on Monday and BOOM! The decision maker that made me decide for sure that I will NOT be returning! The chicken wings were not only dry but have shrunken! Really?!?! They looked like pigeon wings. The rice was not fresh, it was reheated. Blah. The shrimp spring rolls were awful! The sauce changed, they use shredded iceberg lettuce and the shrimp was old and mushy. The PHO!!!!! OMG, I've never had bad pho until this very visit. They have gotten very chincey with their noodles and meats. I remember eating and having so much meat in my pho that I'd give it to whomever I'm dining with. Well, not the case anymore. I had 4 little tiny pieces of rare steak which tasted old! The BROTH was flavorless! It tasted like hot water and salt!!!! Yuck yuck yuck!!!!!!! And the "fresh" bean sprouts were old, brown and disgusting. Never ever coming back!!!!!!! I guess it's worth the drive to Chinatown....ugh! Or maybe I will give JennyPho another try.....
1	Goodness gracious get a server that understands English! Wrong seating, wrong drinks, and last straw.. Wrong order!!! Ridiculous how oblivious they are as to why they are going out of business!
3	Ok... After reading some of these reviews I was nervous to try this place.  But it's super convenient for me right near my house and I was craving some Pho so I gave it a shotFirst of all one review said the had a C rating from the health department... so I checked right when I walked in and the were proudly displaying an A.  I think this may be due to the new management.  But I was pleased to see it. I ordered some Pho Tai (rare beef) and an order of shrimp spring rolls. I thought the pho was really good and decently sized... However the amount of meat was lacking. The spring rolls were some what disappointing and just ok. But I loved the peanut dipping sauce that came with.  Also the service was great. The we're super attentive and very nice. They spoke clear English and my food came out fast. Overall... not the best pho I've ever had. But I would come back
1	This is an updated review. I believe the owners have changed which explains why my stars have gone down. The staff was still very nice and friendly but the food was terrible. The noodles in my pho tasted like they were sitting out for awhile, the broth was too salty. The spring rolls were disgusting! The lettuce was browning on the edges, the shrimp was overcooked and the sauce tasted old. I will not be going here again.
4	Like this place a lot.  Very friendly.  Food is very yummy and good selection.
5	I had a lovely experience at Sammy's. The food was delicious, it didn't take long at all, and the food tasted so authentic & fresh! It was also my boyfriends first time trying pho, and he LOVED it, & he is a picky eater. Yumm must go!
4	They changed owners . The quality is quite different from when it first opened . The service is decent .
5	My mom and I always satisfy our Pho cravings here. We always start with Goi Cuon, fresh shrimp spring rolls for appetizer. Always refreshing and tasty and it's only $4.75! We get the Pho Dac Biet. It has special rare steak, well done flank, tendon, tripe, beef balls, this is only $7.95. Tonight I'm trying the Bun Ga Nuong, it's cold vermicelli noodle with grilled chicken for $7.95. I know it's going to be delicious!
3	Thought I try a new pho place. Had a small break and they were open at 10:30am. I ordered a combo pho which came with lots of meat and broth. The broth could use some flavor but other than that it was decent. The thai tea was a small serving fro the price and was served in a to go cup. The dessert (three bean) was pretty lame the ice wasn't even shaved ice, just clumpy ice, and lacked coconut milk that's why I gave it a three star. I might give it a try again some day.
3	Service was a little slow for a Sunday evening but the food was tasty.  Pleasantly surprised they accommodated my special request of chicken off the bone for my curry soup.  The egg rolls were just ok and fish sauce was a little lacking in flavor.  Not sure I'll be back.
4	This is a good restaurant serving a variety of different Vietnamese cuisine at a reasonable price. Strong, positive interaction with this family-run business make for very good feelings. This is a very respectable business with good cuisine.Pho Tai Nam (rare steak + brisket) , price per person=about $8.50 . A nice modest amount of salt flavor, aromatic broth with a decent amount of spices and careful beef flavor.. Nice family welcoming me every time coupled with  attentive service. A few large screen televisions complement the modest furnishings.  Sriracha and Hoisin are kept company by chili paste.No alcohol but tasty drinks such as Vietnamese coffee served in a plastic to-go container.Great spot for lunch, great spot for groups. (Closes on major holidays ... like Labor Day). Kudos on the freshness of the accouterments (basil, peppers, sprouts, limes, etc).Broth notes: An aromatic broth with a pleasing (but enduring) level of saltiness. I enjoy the light broth in the Pho at this restaurant, as the capsaicin from the peppers is drawn out yet abbreviated by the salt. The level and complexity of spice is highly attractive, as noted when the Pho is first served. A very impressive "Goldilocks" balance between broth, meat, and noodles.
5	Decided to give Sammy Pho a try and was not disappointed. The pho broth was great, meat was tender, vegetables were fresh, and the portion size was plentiful (Got pho tao name w/ meatballs).  Will be coming back on my next lunch break.
5	I always get the rare beef pho to go and it's always amazing! The service is always great. The man who I always see there, I think he may be the owner, is friendly and prompt. I love this place! The broth is super yummy. They give lots of beef unlike other pho places that give you like three pieces and send you on your way!
1	Crap...ever since the place changed owners I ate there 2 times, both times were noodles, soup was watery with no flavors and not enough beef. Won't go there again.
4	As the news stated  "devil is in the details",  Sammy pho was temporarily closed door just over the weekend in order to fix the minor issues.  There were no evidence of any  food contamination and no major issues as stated by the inspectors.  The inspection was conducted before the restaurant served its customers.  The restaurant manager was out getting fresh produces for the restaurant, and therefore was not available at the time of inspection.The restaurant has since reopened with an A grading from the Health Department. The service remains excellent with very good foods.
4	Good spot! Very clean inside. Had the cold vermicelli and the service was fast! The beef stew is also good. Next time I will try the pho
