5	I dined at Kennedy's last Tuesday night with a friend, and it was outstanding.  We were seated right away.  Our waitress was upbeat, friendly, and a pleasure to meet.  Everyone else we saw there seemed to be happy to be at work, with great attitudes and smiles on their faces.The decor is so sharp... you will love it.... with fireplace, tvs, hardwood floors, brick, etc.  It is looks great inside, and you can hear your party speak!  They have outdoor seating as well.  The food was very good and made to order. The bar looked very inviting, but I didn't have any drinks.  However, my friend did, and she enjoyed it very much!I highly recommend Kennedy's.  You can't go wrong!
4	So impressed with what they have done to this place...stoped in late with some out of town guests on a Sunday night the place was dead but to be expected on a Sunday and after a big holiday.  Either way we really had a good time the bartender Michelle was very friendly and welcoming.  Can't wait to come back and try the food.
3	We went here for an alumni function upstairs and it seemed like a good joint. The upstairs was just big enough for a little gathering. Unfortunately my goal for my time here was just to get my moneys worth with the $20 unlimited Bud Light and wings for 2 hours, so my recollection of the details of this place gets hazy when you throw in those shots. However, it seemed like a cool place. Bartenders were friendly. The wings were good but weren't anything special, although i remember some people really enjoying the Parmesan something wings. Tough to say if i'll be back when there are a few other places in the area i'd like to try, but i did enjoy my night and wouldn't be opposed to the idea.
4	Excellent, perfectly cooked wings! I attended a private party in the upstairs section of the restaurant (a very beautiful old house). We had our own (full) bar and server, and received excellent service.  Usually the top is open to the public and there is also a separate restroom.Our server Danielle was great ... My order came out wrong-I ordered 10 CALYPSO wings and my boyfriend ordered 10 hot. I only received 6 of my order, the rest were hot. Danielle had 5 more wings brought out (all drummets) to make up for it! Highly recommend the calypso flavor, it's their twist on the Caribbean. A blend of spicy and sweet, the calypso is sure to please!Great for groups or just a night out, only minutes away from the heart of uptown Charlotte.
4	Went there today and it was wonderful.  The food was great, atmosphere awesome and ambiance  excellent.
3	This is a nice easy-going spot for a Friday night!  They have little fire pits outside on their spacious deck, or you can sit inside at one of the many hightops.  They always have good beer specials and a wide variety of people (which I love!!!)  Not all babies and not all old farts or cougars, just a good mix.  Pretty good music too, popular stuff but also some old school favorites.  There is an upstairs in case it gets too crowded downstairs, huge big screen tvs everywhere.  I havent eaten here but I want to try that next!  Great spot!
3	I would love to give Kennedy's 4 stars but they just haven't quite earned that in my book.A few of my friends and I ordered a round of shots for St Patty's on Thursday. They were very pricey lemon drops ...but they weren't. Not that they weren't pricey but that they weren't actually lemon drops. Let's be honest- Ive had a few in my day and they are usually way too strong (but my friend really enjoys them so I gave in.) This "lemon drop" tasted like a virgin kamikaze. I felt like someone took some lime juice in one of those cute little bottles and poured it into a shot and said "hey that should be a $12 shot!) What is lime juice doing in a lemon drop anyway...and where is the lemon slice, the sugar? We asked the bartender and he rudely blew us off... -1 star for rude bartender and terrible shot. So my friend mentions this to a manager (who actually turned out to be the owner). He could not have been more friendly or accommodating. 5 stars all the way for customer service. He purchased us two more of these "lemon drops" that he made himself. They were um, not lemon drops yet again! I think he must have written their bar manual or something...but hey we got two shots for free so I guess I can't complain.I would go back simply because the owner was so awesome..but Kennedy's hire a new bartender please...and I'll just have a beer.
1	Bad service with worse food.  It's hard to screw up simple chips & queso and a hamburger, but somehow they managed to do it.  There must be a curse with the location, because apparently nothing can stay in business there; fingers crossed Kennedy's experiences the same fate and something better comes next.
5	My co-workers and I went to Kennedy's last Friday for happy hour. The weather was great and the patio there is perfect for enjoying a few drinks. They also had someone playing the guitar in the corner. It is by far the best patio in the neighborhood. We found our new favorite after work spot!
4	I have to say this is my NEW fav!!!  Kennedy's Premium Bar & Grill is the newest addition to the historic Elizabeth area of Charlotte.  Great new deck with mini fire pits, lots of seating, and nice wide screen TV's inside AND out!  I think it just might be one of the better places to hang outside on a pretty day around Charlotte or when you're interested in catching a sporting event out and about!  Not a bad seat in the house that I could tell for TV access!  How's the food?  We had the Fried Goat Cheese Salad, which was a bit bland for my liking, but the Fish and Chips were scrumptious!  And there were a lot of other items that I look forward to checking out soon.  After eating we moved inside for trivia night (which we proceeded to win by the way!).  Really like the coziness of Kennedy's!  It just feels good.  Think I'll be going back this week....
4	I love the area in Elizabeth right across from Philiosopher's Stone.  The food was pretty great and I love outdoor seating where I can people watch from up high.  Trivia night was the best I have done since Wild Wing and the staff were friendly and sweet.  I even got a free shot from the JIm Beam sales rep! What more can you ask for?
5	This place is great. Good food, strong drinks and a super friendly staff.  I love going out and sitting on their patio.  They also have a ton of tv's, so you can watch almost any game that you're interested in.  If you ever have a problem with an order, the staff will fix it right away.  Trivia nights are awesome as well as their bottomless mimosas and bloody Mary's/  I can't wait to go back for Cinco de Drinko :)
2	sat on the front patio.  great neighborhood!  great view!  we had a large lunch party, so they had to put a couple tables together.  it was quite hot and our tables had no umbrellas.  while i was fine, people in my party were noticeably too hot.  if i were the server, i would've moved several umbrellas over from the unoccupied tables, but she didn't think of that.  there were only 2 soups of the day and the server couldn't even remember both.  when i got up to go the bathroom - no t.p. in my stall!!!!  i had to drip dry on my lunch hour.  disgust!  we were there on our lunch hour and it took from 11:45 - 1:25 to get out.  that was asking for my bill asap and got change at the table b/c i was almost late for my afternoon client.  took way too long to get food!!!!!  almost an hour, i think.  food was o.k.
4	This is a favorite place to go for Sunday Funday.  This place always seems to be crowded, but not over crowded.  I have never eaten here, only had drinks with friends so I am dying to try the food.  I heard the wings were good while we were there.
4	This place is tops when it comes to the patio saturated bar scene that is 7th street.  $2 PBR's and $5 Car bombs every day?!  Yes please!  The service is friendly and prompt - and easy on the eyes.  The food I'd say is above average bar food but you aren't going to be impressing anyone on a first date (unless she's the kind of girl that loves $2 PBR's and $5 Car bombs, my kind of lady!)  They typically will have live music on the weekends and I believe through the week too.  Dog friendly on the patio so bring the pooch!  Looking forward to trying their $19.99 all you can eat crab legs on Monday nights...review to follow.
4	This is another of the 7th St. bars that are just comfortable an relaxed. Kennedy's has one of the best front decks in Charlotte as it allows you to spread out and relax and people watch. There are lots of fun nooks inside the bar with an adequate upstairs.I have personally not eaten here but my friends have had a few sorted items and always seem pleased.
4	The cursed space on 7th Street.  Over the years this has been more restaurants/bars than I can ever humanly remember (Eden, Ed's, blah blah and blah).  One reason is probably the crappy parking arrangement (or more correctly, the total lack of parking).  If you are lucky you can park in the lot behind the house, which have a few "premium spaces."  Otherwise you will just have to make do across the street next to Starbucks/Dollar General (though I never know if they will actually enforce towing).   Forget parking at Showmars, since they now have built a giant wood panel fence so you can't walk through... boooSomehow I always end up being here on a Friday night, which is normally a low key night for me.  This place has the prettiest patio thanks to the perfectly hung lights above the entire decking area (and as observed, with zero burnt out bulb).  I can probably do without the giant shamrock but hey, it's irishly romantic.  They have 3, 4 flat screen tvs for game watching outside.  On a perfect weather night (like last night), it was simply amazing to catch up with friends while downing a cheap cold beer ($2 PBR bottle... keep the cap so you can play a hand of poker... I am not lying... next time look at a PBR bottle cap).  We actually ate there last night.  Food wasn't impressive.  Tomato Bisque was actually way better than anything else.  I have the beef sandwich (aka french dip) and it was ok.  The skewer appetizer was not that appetizing.  I do have to say our waitress was good.  She kept the drinks coming and never was away for too long and she actually appeared to not mind working there lol  I hope Kennedy's makes it... it's nice to just bounce around in my own neighborhood without the uptown madness.
3	Kennedy's is a fun spot!  I have only really gone to drink, they have some great specials and a fun patio.  The food is typical bar food..nothing to write home about.  Sports fans, they have flat screens everywhere, all over the patio as well.  A fun place to go out with friends on a sat night as well as a fun place to day drink on the patio!  I'm a fan
2	First off the only reason I am even giving 2 stars is the food was decent. Otherwise everything else from the second we walked in the door was a zero if possible. We made reservations with the owner on Friday for a table of 5 for Saturday evening. Got to the place, no record at all of the reservation. Hostess explains the owner text messages her the lists and he was off and had not done that. Ok, we got a table anyways after being quite annoyed that our reservation was never really taken. Our waitress eventually made her way over to our table to take our drink orders, 2 beers, and a mixed drink and some waters. The alcohol took a good 15-20 min to arrive, no biggie they were busy. At that point we placed our app and meals orders.20+ min later our app arrived and we made another drink order. Half way through the app that took forever to show up our meals were plopped down in front of us with no sight of our waitress anywhere. About another 20 min goes by no one comes by to check if our food came out ok, and we still had not gotten our drink order, that we placed when our app arrived. We had to track down another waitress, who took our drink orders, again. And apologized for our waitress. All of a sudden Summer was at our table, with our drinks asking how everything is?? Seriously? My 11 year year old sister had downed an entire 15oz rib-eye by the time she ever came back to the table.  We were all done eating, had no beverages throughout our entire meal and she never even apologized to us. Just acting as nothing had happened then tried to overcompensate at the end when she realized she had messed up. Overall again food was decent, nothing I couldn't get somewhere else while not being treated like absolute crap. Will never return, but maybe it was a bad night, with a bad server, but with no apologies or acknowledgement of screwing up at all, they messed up their chance with me.
4	Lazy sunday style spot IMO.  I really like this place....I really dislike the lack of parking but oh well.  Once you've found a spot to park prepare for a grand time and if the weather is right there's no better spot than there on the front deck watching the game.  I was hear last Sunday and with $5 Guiness and one of the best turkey burgers I've ever had I was a happy camper.  The service was very attentive and we had people that were showing up to join us later and the staff was more than helpful joining tables and keeping all the ordering organized.  As far as the burger itself, it was so good.  It's easy to dry out turkey meat but this was juicy and the sweet potatoe fries were a perfect side to go with it.  I'll be back!
4	The first thing you see upon arrival is a spacious, dog friendly patio, complete with heaters for those colder months.  Inside has plenty of seating, bar, table, and booth.  There is a small but well rounded beer selection, and keeping with the Irish theme, a large selection of whiskys.  On the down side service can be a bit slow even on the less busy nights, and the food is good but not great.   Overall a good place to grab a drink and even get a snack.As a side note, there is Music Trivia on Tuesdays, and General Knowledge Trivia Wednesdays, both at 8:30, either of which are worth the trip.
3	I wasn't impressed with Kennedy's. It was just another neighborhood Irish bar. The building itself was pretty awesome and from what little I gathered has a pretty cool, ancient history. I usually don't hang out in this area of town. I neither liked nor disliked this place... just another one to ignore.Service was friendly and the guy behind the bar (owner/manager?) gave us a history of the place. We were part of a progressive food/bar crawl and this was one of the stops we made.We had a SAMPLE of their Sheppard's Pie... it was kinda bland but overall decent enough. I had a sample of Gusiness and a full pint of Snow Day.Parking kinda sucks.Not much else to write.
4	I have been to Kennedy's at least four times now and have very much become a fan for a few reasons.  First, the food is reliable and enjoyable.  Traditional bar food with several Irish dishes and some vegetarian options.  I've shared the nachos, had the Hawaiian salad and the Black Bean burger.  All nice sized and sufficient.  Not a lot of parking, but off-street is fine.  They are EXTREMELY dog-friendly which is awesome.  They've brought a water bowl and treats both times I've taken mine.  Kennedy's also does a lot of coupons (Groupon, Livingsocial, Half-Off Depot, etc.) and are very friendly about patrons using them.  Once a group tried to use four (though it clearly states one per table), but since there were 8 people they offered to honor two, which I thought was pretty cool.  Dependable spot for sports watching, too.
3	Kennedy's is a pretty solid little sports bar. It has a nice Irish theme about it and pretty comfortable seating. They also have a really big front patio which is pretty fun to hang out on at night.The beer selection is pretty good but a little sub-par to the selections of some other bars in that area. They do have some nice mixed drink though. In ways of foods that are vegan friendly there, it's pretty much fries or hummus. They have a black bean burger, however it contains egg if I remember properly.Kennedy's is one of those places you would go with friends to watch sports games. They have some really nice TVs and good atmosphere.
4	If your looking to lose weight, don't get the trash plate. OMG! this thing is soooooooooooo bad for you as it is soooooooooo good that you can't stop until it is either all gone or your gut explodes. LOL We will definitely be back after we get done at Weight Watchers.  ;-)
4	Coming from Rochester, NY, I had read online somewhere that on Friday nights, Kennedy's offers a Chicken French entree (a Rochester "specialty").  So, we went on a Friday night and, unfortunately, they didn't have it.  I asked our server about it and she said that they only have it on some Friday nights.  Sigh...   I'm not going to fault Kennedy's for that, though.  But I would recommend that they offer it regularly!  :-)They did have some other Rochester area specialties, like their Garbage/Trash Plate.  Other than those items, their menu was pretty extensive.  It was your typical bar food menu and then some.  There are a GREAT deal of choices.  Even their salad options were lengthy.  I had a tough time deciding what to get.  I eventually went with the Fish & Chips (it was Friday night, after all!).  They did a fantastic job with the traditional Fish & Chips.  Both the battered fried fish and fries were delicious, especially with lots and lots of provided malt vinegar, and washed down with a $2 PBR.The big old house that Kennedy's sits in has been through many incarnations in the past few years, and we've yet to visit any of them until now, but we're hoping Kennedy's sticks around awhile.  The atmosphere was pretty cool.  I'm looking forward to sitting outside when it's warmer out (even their outdoor heaters probably wouldn't be warm enough for me).  The parking at the house is VERY limited and tight, though.  The restaurant wasn't super-crowded when we arrived and we already couldn't find a place to park.  We had to park up the street in someone else's parking lot and walk (Shhhh...).
4	I've lived less than half a mile from Kennedy's the entire time they have been open so I'm not sure why it took until a few months ago for me to appreciate the amazing-ness that is their deck. Covered in heaters and flat screens plus dog friendly? What is not to love. The food isn't anything super special but is solid. I can't wait to experience the deck in all its light covered glory in the summer. But it sure is a toasty place to grab a beer with friends in the winter.
3	Kennedy's is a great place to catch a game, hang out with friends, and eat some appetizers.  It's not bad to go for lunch as well.  However, if you're not the type to be around large crowds of people, you might avoid this place on the weekend.The food is mostly standard pub-fare.  The Shepherd's Pie is pretty decent, but nothing really to write home about.  The appetizers are pretty decent, especially when you've had a drink or five.  Servers are pretty attentive and friendly when it's not terribly busy.  The patio is really the place to hang out here.  It's pretty spacious out there, especially compared to the interior.  The weekends and also Trivia Night get very crowded.  People are just packed in here, and parking is a nightmare.  The lot is so small and difficult to get in and out of.  There is barely room to walk, and you have to wait long periods to get up to the bar for a drink.  I once waited 20 minutes because people kept cutting in front of me and the bartender ignored me.  I suppose this is probably typical at a bar, which is perhaps why I tend to avoid them.Drinks are also not cheap.  They have decent drink specials, but outside of those, I find the drinks to be a little overpriced.  For a larger bar, it's not bad, just pretty busy.
3	Walking distance from my house so we will come here as a convenience to watch the game outside on the patio with a couple of cocktails. It gets pretty busy at night and swap sweat walking through the crowds...ew.
3	Home of the $5 car bomb. An Irish watering hole that has more of a neighborhood bar type vibe to it.The best part about Kennedy's: the amazing patio. A great location for Sunday fun day ($15 unlimited Bloody's or mimosas) and patio drinking in general any night of the week. Flat screen TVs, heaters for cold months and dog friendly.The food is decent... mostly standard pub-fare. I say skip the menu and go on Monday nights for Kegs & Legs. All you can eat crab legs for $19.99 (way cheaper than Vinnie's) and all pints are $3 (huge selection). Crab legs may be my one true love in life. I refuse to go on dates here in fear of disgusting a boy toy with my reorder skills. Two important notes: Make a reservation and be sure to make it early. It does fill up quickly. Wait times can be an excess over an hour.One negative of this place is the parking situation. Kennedy's lot is tiny. The neighboring lots all threaten to tow. Truth or empty threat? I'm not sure. I've parked in several of them and survived, so I would say park at your own risk.All in all.. it's a pretty cool spot to grab a few drinks if you want to get away from uptown. All the bars in that 'hood are fun if you want to bar hop.
3	If this review was based solely on the outdoor patio it would get a 4.5 star rating but it's not, there is food involved. The location, across the street from Philosopher's Stone and 1/2 block from Jackalope Jack's, is prime real estate in the Elizabeth neighborhood. Add the outdoor patio/deck with plenty of lights, seating and a fantastic misting machine and you have a recipe for a great local gathering spot. The problem is the food. It's, as others have said, just bar food. I ordered the Reuben on rye with fries. The Reuben was just ok. The corned beef was not very tender. One bite and half the meat came out. It had ok flavor. I've had much better Reuben's at other establishments. The fries were over saturated in oil. I only had a few. Now the beer, the beer was cold and refreshing. This really is a cool place to meet up with friends for DRINKS (and it was packed for a Wednesday night)! Hang out on the patio and enjoy the views!
3	I live around the corner from Kennedy's, so I've been here often.  They have a great patio and I like the inside as well.  It's an old house turned into a bar, so there's all these little nooks to hangout out in.  I'm on the email list and they've got some good specials throughout the week.  During football season last year they had $30 AYCD beer and AYCE wings.  Oh HELL YA!  Other than that, the food is pretty average, decent bar grub.  Service can be hit or miss from my experiences.
4	The first thing to know about Kennedy's, is that this is not just some reincarnation of the old Ed's that used to be the name of this place.  Kennedy's is a whole different bar with a whole different flavor, both inside and out.No review about this place is legit unless it mentions the phenomenal patio/deck area in front of the bar as you walk up the front steps.  The patio is full of fans, tables, umbrellas and even mist for when its really hot outside.  The inside, bar area can def be a bit cramped, especially during peak drinking nights such as the 4th of July. Bartenders are always friendly and on point.  I have never eaten here, so I can't say too much about the food.There is def a younger, relaxed, New York meets Southern Charm, laid-back vibe to this place.Kennedy's has a Western New York feel which I love.  If you don't know about a trash/garbage plate?  Well, then there's nothing left to do, but step up to the plate come to Kennedy's and learn how we get down in the Rochester, NY!  Roc Boys in the Building Tonight!
3	Had lunch there today 6/20/12. It took the waiter  3 minutes to come and give me an Menu. After she brought out the drinks, it took her another 10 to take our order... Keep in mind I'm on lunch. After bringing out the food... She didn't offer to fill up our cups, neither did came back to check on us. She returned with the bill and didn't notice our totally empty glasses... I had to ask for more water...food was good, love the fries. Waiters need to get it together.
4	Kennedy's is a great place to grab some food and watch a game or hang out with friends.  The outdoor seating is nice and everything I've eaten there has been good.     I especially like the buffalo chicken sandwich.
3	The positives:  Really good food, great setting not too far from downtown.  The negatives:  Parking is nonexistent.  Even if you allow for the downtown location, it was almost impossible to find a space.  I had to park in a nearby neighborhood that was a five-minute walk away.
5	Always awesome
4	I am giving Kennedy's an extra star, mostly based on an event they hosted for us.  The management and wait staff was so wonderful, it made the whole experience there better.One of our student organizations was trying to find somewhere to host a social event.  We were originally going to hold it at the uptown location these owners have (can't remember the name off hand).  That located already had their private room booked, and so they suggested the semi-private area at Kennedy's.  They offered us a great deal from their catering menu plus 10% off anything we ordered off the regular menu for our group of about 15 people.The semi-private area really isn't separate from the rest of the space, but it's a small, somewhat enclosed group of tables.  It was a week night, so it ended up being perfect for the occasion.  We had plenty of space to get up, walk around, and socialize with all the people attending.  They also had some great drink specials that night, which helped us poor college students stay within a reasonable budget.The service was really wonderful, and everyone there was so accommodating.  Our food was even better than I had remembered.My only real complaint is the parking situation.  Their lot is SO small, and it is really difficult to navigate.  Even on a weeknight, there was little parking around there.  Still, everything else was just great.
2	Barely mediocre bar food.  Our beers were warm and the food was blah and greasy.  I've had better food from a fast food joint and at half the price.  Not worthy of a return.
5	I was a little wary of the reviews, but after eating here I feel the quality is higher than some of the other reviewers feel, at least in my opinion. Their parking lot is small, but it was easy enough to find somewhere close to park on 7th St. Located inside a large two floor house, it has a warm and comfortable atmosphere. The tables are spread far enough apart to fit a large group, and I like the plethora of TVs to watch any team that's playing. The staff is friendly, the drinks are cold, and the food is flavorful. I enjoyed the calamari, not too chewy with a perfect amount of breading.  The shepherd's pie is meaty and rich, and the grits are creamy. I had a great meal and a great time.
3	The food was great with the exception of the tomato bisque it was horrible.  The bad is the parking.  I would visit again just to have the Bad A@@ Blue Cheese burger.
3	We went there to meet a group of people but got there early to grab a bite and watch some basketball. They have several TVS and were great about changing it to the game we wanted. The staff was extremely friendly and we received great service through out our time there. My boyfriend was drinking beer & when there was 1/4 left, he was always asked if he wanted another. I was drinking water & diet coke and both were constantly full. Upon ordering we received app plates, silverware roll & extra napkins. Seriously, you just couldn't ask for anything more from these bartenders. They had a great selection of beer on tap and were offering upgrades from a pint to 22 oz draft for only $2 more. They had other great drink specials as well. The food on the other hand, left more to be desired. We ordered the sampler platter which was okay. Mozzarella sticks, and sliders were what you would expected. The garlic Parmesan wings were the best part. The loaded tater  tots were a disappointment. The tots fell apart and were more like loaded hash browns than tots.  I'll definitely be back & maybe try some different food they have.
3	Great patio for when it's warm out.
3	I've been here several times on different days and at different times. The best time to go is on a weekday after the lunch rush. Outside seating is nice. They have fans blowing if it's a warm day outside. The service is always pretty good and the wait staff is friendly. The food is typical bar food and nothing really special stands out. It's a fun place to hang out with friends if you're around elizabeth and wanna grab a beer outside on the patio!
4	Very cool bar/restaurant in historic area of Charlotte. Food was great! Live artist singing Saturday night.  In old historic home with great patio. There were no kids there on Saturday night.  Nice hang out for atmosphere and food!
3	The outdoor bar is fun. Fans keep you cool. Trivia night dragged on too long. The food is not good. Bland and cold. Eat somewhere else first.
4	Just wanted to update my thoughts on Kennedy's.The patio is still in my opinion one of the best in Charlotte. It's HUGE and they have added a nice little bar out there. It's a great place for day drinking. They also have live music on some nights. Plenty of heaters available for chilly nights.Mondays are still the night to go. Kennedy's has raised the price for all you can eat crab legs, but it still can't be beat. Great deal at $24.95. Thankfully, they did stop taking reservations on Mondays. This makes the process so much easier for both the restaurant and patrons. I haven't had to wait since they stopped holding tables.If the Kennedy's parking lot is full, you can park at the other lots by Jack's and Philosopher's. Avoid the lot across the street from Jack's where the sub place is. They boot cars there left and right.I have to add that owner Kevin Marcuse is one of the most stand up guys I've met in this Charlotte service industry world. I have watched him go above and beyond for patrons of his establishments. He cares about people and it shows.
4	Great place to hang out in the summer. They have misters in the front and its a great place to people watch.
4	Been there for lunch on a few weekends. A nice place for some bar food in a casual atmosphere.Usually get the burger or chicken sandwich. The bun is great (a little different than the usual) and the sandwiches are always solid. They are not skimpy on the fries - which I like. Service is usually first rate.Sometimes the TV sound is a bit overwhelming inside. Parking can be difficult, but there are nearby lots hidden behind some of the other places on 7th St. If you see a Groupon for the place. Buy it and try it.
4	Kennedy's is a very nice neighborhood sports bar. I am particularly happy with the service. I have never been to Kennedy's without being welcomed by every staff person. I love that they invest in live music. Food is normal bar food but well prepared.
3	The waitress was so nice and made our experience a 3 instead of a 2 star rating. #1 There's no kids menu, our waitress knew the 2-3 things from memory but it was inconvenient to not have pricing or options before ordering. #2 We had the fried cheese, chicken fingers, and fish sandwich. Bar food. Nothing bad to say, but nothing good either. #3 I love the patio and atmosphere. All in all it was just an "A-OK" kind of dinner and I don't think I'll be back here for the food.
4	Great atmosphere, great specials, and bingo on a Wednesday night - can't ask for more! I would definitely recommend getting the blackened chicken salad!
4	B-I-N-G-O! Wednesday night's @ Kennedy's is where it's at! They host free bingo and you win actual prizes (that are good too)! I went in thinking we were going to spend some loot here and left with a pocket of "Kennedy Cash"! Staff is great, food was good and I am especially psyched about the Triple C 3C IPA on tap!  I'll certainly be a repetative Wednesday night offender.
4	Went here for a quick lunch and was totally satisfied. The Reuben was one of the best I've had in town!
4	If you're looking for a good Irish Pub with a huge patio, Kennedy's is your place! It's huge, with a downstairs, upstairs, and partially covered patio. On Monday nights it's all you can eat crab legs for $24.95, which I've heard gets pretty hectic.They started a piano player on Saturday nights, which seems fun. It's alot different then the usual Charlotte scene, and with all the room it's a great place to bring a whole group. There are TVs all over the place, alot of beers (domestic and international) on tap and bottle, a large menu, and heaters outside. I had the Chicken Parm Sandwich, which had a mozzarella stick on top of it. Talk about decadent bar food! They have great specials everyday of the week. Definitely will be a good repeat offender bar! Parking is a little tricky, but there are some local businesses that are closed on weekends/at night, so you can park there.
2	We used to regularly go to Kennedy's, mostly to see a couple of nice bartenders before heading to Jack's. These two, Justin and the bubbly one with curly brown hair (sorry, I cannot remember her name), are very nice, thorough, and always remember our names/drinks. However, god forbid that you ever have a server other than these two at Kennedy's. There's been at least four different occasions where I or my friends have been given the wrong check, corrected the check, and then charged for the first check with an entirely different order. The waitresses can't seem to get it together there.
4	Went there yesterday for Mondays all you can eat crab legs. My two friends purchased the crabs legs and I got the grilled chicken pita sandwich. All the food was really good. The prices are a little high for me but I would go back again.
4	Just had food and drinks at Kennedy's and for a bar with an Irish Pub flair, it succeeds.The checker boards inlaid on the table was a nice touch. Our server Marghy was attentive and extremely cordial. She also had a strong resemblance to Jenny Dell (my favorite Red Sox reporter) so she had that going for her :)Guinness was served at proper temperature and the wing sauce was extremely tasty. We tried the hot garlic and the BBQ which both had a tang and zing. We inquired about how the blackened Parmesean sauce was made and Marghy was knowledgeable about it's ingredients. As a bartender, food and drink knowledge is important to me, and her food knowledge was excellent.After the wings myself and two friends had the burger, Reuben and fish and chips respectively.My friends really likes the fish and chips and the burger. The mashed potato side was large and tasty.My Reuben was fine. As a NY deli guy, I am picky so it's hard for me to rave about sandwiches. I will say the fries were subpar. Not that they were prepared wrong, they just lacked flavor IMO. All in all for a first experience, I had a very good time. I am looking forward to come back next week for $15 unlimited bloody Mary's as I watch sports on their many TV screens.Good feel about this place all around.
2	Great deck- okay food, TERRIBLE service. I was just there last night- perfect night to enjoy the outdoor deck! What could have been a great night turned into such a frustrating ordeal because of the service which made me remember why I stopped going last year. I don't know whether they are consistently understaffed or whether they intend to hire the slowest people on the planet. I didn't feel as though it was outrageously busy- I've certainly seen it a heck of a lot busier than it was. Getting a drink was a monumental task, getting our waitress's attention required little less than tap dancing on the table to show tunes- and when we were finally able to flag her down we usually got the "just a minute" finger with a look warning us that clearly she's very busy and we should really be more appreciative of her time. I was starving so I order crab cake sliders. Why? Apparently I like throwing my money away- that's why. They arrived just as I was trying to flag the waitress down (again) to cancel my order. They were okay- the bread was pretty stale but the crab cakes themselves weren't bad. Silverware would have really made my dining experience better (as I wasn't eating the stale bread). I was done with most of them when the waitress finally appeared again I got my check and had her wait when she finally returned with it so we could give her our cards. Then we went to P Stone- which is where we should have gone in the first place. Excellent service- great patio, much better food- I won't be returning to Kennedy's again unless I have no choice.
2	When I walked in last night my first interaction was with a waitress who needed me to "get out of the way" as soon as I came through the door, not a huge deal, but it stinks to get spoken to like that when you are going to give a business your money. What really bothered me was the bartender who ignored me the whole night, withheld my card as I tried to check out and accused me of drinking more than was accounted for on my tab in front of a huge crowd. Nice place. Bad service. Won't be back.
5	Great time! Food was delicious. I had the Fried Goat Cheese burger and my hubby had the Hawaiian Salad (it's new). Fried Pickles were fried to perfection!! We ate out on the deck and enjoyed the atmosphere. Service is good. Our waitress was helpful and cordial. A fun and relaxing night... Great people watching! ;). What bar isn't? We will definitely come back!
4	This is a pretty great place. The food is pretty good. I mean for a bar, it's above average. The people that work there are really nice. I'm trying to think about how to describe it... Ok so you ever see a really pretty girl and just expect that she's going shit on your day and then you meet her and she's actually really nice??? They have a lot of girls like that. The out door patio is nice too. There is no damn parking but that's just how the area is. Hope this helps :)
4	It's an Irish pub. If you are a yuppie coming here for fine dining you will be disappointed. They always have deals and specials even on the weekends. I enjoy getting out of uptown (where I live) every now and then and I love going to this spot..decent food and great drink specials...no loud music so easy to have a conversation. That's all I look for in an irish pub.
2	Great outdoor patio...the praise ends there. Terrible service ruined my evening with a group of friends. Seriously, slowest service ever and they didn't seem to give s**t. It wasn't busy and it seemed as though the staff were working against one another. Weird concept. I've been there more than once and this is my first bad experience, however, my friends have warned me that the service is brutal. Sorry I'm not sorry.
4	This is a solid Irish joint with a comfortable atmosphere for those who like to relax and have a few brews. Authentic Irish pub food is served fresh and delicious, and the half off burger wednesday is the best deal (and burgers) in Charlotte. The patio gets plenty of sun and is also dog friendly, a huge plus in my book.Whenever friends come to town, this is the pub I bring them too. The staff is friendly, the service is good, and the beer selection offers domestic as well as local on tap. Guinness lovers will savor the rightly served brew and the $5 Irish bombs are a treat. You don't have to be on the emerald isle to enjoy a little shamrock fun. Kennedy's is a great spot that is perfect for sporting events, family gatherings and just downright good times.
4	Go for the drinking atmosphere, not the food!Great neighborhood drinking spot. Big porch with many TV's and corn hole.  I don't think I've been inside with the exception of using the restroom.Wednesday night Trivia at 8 pm is always a good time. Great beer specials (all draughts $3) and burgers are half priced, though, I don't think they are that great.Parking is usually a pain, but you can get away with parking across the street.Again, this is a fun place to grab a drink with friends, but I wouldn't expect a delicious meal.
4	Ok, since I've already written a review for Kennedy's a few years ago, I'm gonna give you the low-down on this place from the start.  This is absolutely BEST PLACE TO WATCH A BOXING MATCH in the Charlotte area bar none!  First, there is no cover charge at the door.  There is plenty of seating both inside and outside on their expansive patio area, and the typical bar food is always great tasting and very affordable.Being a native of #Rochester NY, I would be remiss if I didn't mention that they offer a #Garbageplate - the only place where you can get such a dish anywhere in the Charlotte area.  The only and I mean only, negative I can think of when it comes to Kennedy's is that parking can be very tight especially on Friday and Saturday nights.  Otherwise, Kennedy's has everything us Western New Yorkers need to feel right at home here in the Queen City!
3	That Browns bar! Man if you are fan then this is the only place for you on Sunday - unless you play Fantasy Football and then you are screwed ... all TVs on the Browns. All Browns, all the time! I dig t though. I can appreciate the spirit. And lets be honest, Browns fans are so much fun. And boy can they drink - whats that you say? $5 irish car bombs all the time. Ok I've challenged myself more than once with the car bomb only rule. DO NOT DO THIS! Trust me - your tomorrow with thank me. It's a great idea in theory though. They also have a great selection of beers on tap, highlighting local brews of course. And the whiskey.... yeah they aren't running out any time soon. Surprisingly the food is pretty good. I mean its bar food... but is good. The fried mozzarella squares appear not to be frozen and the dipping sauce doesn't come from a can or jar. STOP! People are making bar food from scratch? Fancy! The salads are pretty good. So the idea is to go to Kennedy's on Monday - all you can eat crab legs. So good! Never over cooked and they steam the legs with some magical ol' bay something or other. The legs come with garlic butter and some hot sauce wonderfulness which you can never have enough of BUT I always give mine away because the crab legs are so sweet and tender tasting that it would be a shame to mask the flavor. Sad news though, The price is about to go up again to $29.99 - bummer. Still an outstanding deal in my opinion. Stilling on the big patio with a big group of friends; cracking crabs and drinking beer, laughing and getting all messy from this labor intensive food. Thats how we do Monday's Charlotte!
4	Great service. Guitar player was a lot of fun. Seevice was quick and orders came out correct. Need more beer selection but whiskey options were great.
