4	I was here last night and was relatively impressed with the beautiful space.  I didn't get a chance to sit in the dining room, but the bar area itself was pretty nice with plenty of seating and a better than average tequila selection.  They also had plenty of draft beer options . The area itself has high ceilings,nice lighting, beautiful ceiling fans, really dark wood, a couple of plasmas and plenty of leather.  The wine selection is decent and has plenty of options by the glass.  We ordered a few of the "small plates" while we sat at the bar.  However, you have the option to order off of the full menu, small plates menu, and bar menu.  I think it's a bit silly to have three different menus for your options while you sit at the bar.  It seems that if you can order anything off of any menu then their is no need for three different menus.  Anyways, we started with the beef carpaccio, which was a bit above average served with parmigiano-reggiano, olive oil and roasted peppers.  The flavors melded pretty well together and the roasted peppers were nice albeit a bit oversoaked in olive oil.  The tuna tartare was okay.  I guess the tuna was of decent quality, but it was served a bit above room temperature which is a mistake. I think tartare should be served room temperature or a bit below.  I really liked the cured meats selection, which was served with a nice selection of olives and three different meats.  The prosciutto (sp?) was delicious and served room temperature which is correct.  We also had a few slices of a delicious salami and sopressata.  This is a good option for under $7.  In fact overall I found the prices to be quite reasonable.  Finally, we ended with a trio of delicious lamb burgers.  This was my favorite from last night.  It was three perfectly cooked medium flavorful lamb burgers served with perfectly caramalized onions on warm, buttery soft bread with a sheeps milk blue cheese.  I really appreciated this cheese because it was a milder blue cheese and did not overpower the meat.  We stopped in the cigar bar after dinner and I was quite pleased with the space.  We sat on the comfy large leather couches and were served our martinis quickly.  Overall this is a good place and I'm glad to see we have a decent cigar bar in Pittsburgh.  I'll sample the full dinner menu the next time I visit.
4	went for a glass of wine and ended up having 3 along with some calamari.  now, i've had a decent share of calamari.  this was in my top 2.  it's tender and just delicious.  they serve it with lemon zest.  the dipping sauce was just different with a lemon garlic flavor.  my other top calamari pick is actually at a chain in manchester, ct- john harvards.  it's little rings and spicey.  so, 2 very differently prepared types of calamari both good.  cioppino is also in a great location -the strip.  it's a beautiful restaurant.  bartender was nice too.
5	It's rare you find one of those establishments that you don't want to review for fear of it becoming the next 'in' place in your town. Cioppino's is it.Regarding the food: As appetizers, the risotto fritters and beef Carpaccio were both we very well prepared, although we'd probably leave off the peppers on the Carpaccio. The lamb chops were the size of a fist and with three to the dish it was a plentiful amount for any eater. The filet mignon was perfectly cooked and was served along side a wonderfully crafted pappardelle pasta with sweet sausage. We had an 'off menu' sample of the spicy charred tuna, which was absolutely out of this world. Some of the best tuna I've had in the city. There was absolutely no room for dessert, although we wished there was - the dessert menu looked very enticing.Regarding the service: Bryce, our waiter was very knowledgeable, in both the wine and the food as well as prompt and courteous in all facets of his work. He had close to a sommelier's knowledge relating to wine; he steered us away from things based upon our conversation that he thought we wouldn't like, and brought us to an absolutely fantastic dinner and drink. In a bit of an old-school move, the chef stopped out to meet with the patrons to check in on the quality of the food - a nice touch anywhere.  Wonderful food, extensive wine list, tremond atmosphere and great service. Definitely a recommended spot in Pittsburgh.I'll be back there soon.
5	I'm not sure why the line for Cioppino isn't around the block.  After discovering it about two months ago, we've been back three times and it is now our go-to place for a nice dinner. The best two things about Cioppino are the food and the service.  The menu is split pretty evenly between seafood and steakhouse-type options, but there are also a number of excellent pasta dishes as well (all of which come in smaller orders that can be a side dish to your meal, which I highly recommend).  The service is impeccable - friendly, highly knowledgeable servers who do their best to make you happy.  For example, my boyfriend couldn't decide between tuna and lamb, so the waiter suggested that the chef downsize the tuna to an appetizer so he could have both. My only complaint is the wine list, which has extensive in terms of expensive wines but very sparse on anything reasonably priced.
5	Great place for a romantic date . The service and food are outstanding. The bar allows cigar smoking, so that is a plus for me. I have to admit the wine list is expensive but is very large. It all depends on what you are looking for.
3	This is a 3.5 star review, and I feel bad rounding down, but even though it was nice, it just missed the spot in ways that a restaurant at this price point shouldn't. The Friday evening started off on a great note and just went on a very gradual slide down.The space is very nice, with a warm feel. Sometimes you can smell the waft of cigar smoke from the bar. I was choosing between the tuna tatare and the calamari for my appetizer. The waiter steered me toward the tuna, and it was excellent. It came with some super-crusty slices of bread, and that alone was actually worth writing home about. My boyfriend got one of the appetizer specials, smoked salmon, which was also delicious.The main courses: cioppino and lobster ravioli. After the appetizers, I had very high hopes for their namesake dish, and unfortunately I was disappointed. It came out with just some sauce, and the broth was poured on at the table. Despite my pulling the crostini out onto my side plate immediate, the bottom section was already soggy, meaning it must have been sitting in the sauce for a little while. The seafood was generally good, nothing special. I wondered about the freshness because some of the fish, while tasty, seemed a bit too fishy. The clams/mussels were a little on the tough side. The crab was the best, but there was hardly any. But what really did it in for me was that the broth was far too salty. One of favorite things is cleaning up a good soup with bread, and I actually left a good amount of broth at the end because I couldn't take it any more. It was very sad. The lobster ravioli had a very subtle lobster flavor, which meant that the flavor was more about the pasta, which was quite doughy. I just had a taste, and didn't want a second.I wouldn't order either entree again. Then dessert. We were quite full, and I didn't have enough space to try the warm chocolate cake, which is my normal go-to. Instead we shared a fairly large portion of tiramisu, which was good-not-great and a bit rich. We also had an Irish coffee, which was too much whiskey and not enough coffee--more like a coffee Irish. We were too full to finish dessert and not inclined to finish the drink.And then we waited. And waited. And waited. After an evening of attentive service, our waiter just disappeared. At first it was excusable, and we weren't in a rush and were enjoying the evening together. Then it became annoying. Finally, after almost 20 minutes, I went looking for our waiter with half a mind to "accidentally" bump into the manager (I didn't). We got the check, validated parking saving $2, and went on our way.I would probably go back, but maybe just for appetizers and to give that warm chocolate cake a shot. Overall dinner was too expensive for the restaurant to not maintain its high note, especially since it's clearly capable of reaching it in the first place.
4	Took my Fiance here for a week-late valentines day dinner, and had an exceptional meal.We started with the tuna tartar, and its the only reason that I gave 5 stars instead of 6.  The tuna itself was good, just a little bland, although it was served with garlic toast points that definitely made it better.For dinner we shared the scallops and lobster ravioli.  (we ordered one of each and then split the two dishes between us)  The scallops were some of the best I've ever had - and with a mom and aunt who live on cape cod, I'm used to good seafood.  There were little bits of butter poached lobster scattered around the plate which just made you want to get every last little bit.For dessert I ordered a creme brule, and I have to say it was exceptional.  I'm a bit of a purist here and so I was very happy to see it was just a vanilla bean c.b. - not any of the 'fancy' flavors that try to disguise poor custard.  This was excellent.  The custard alone would have been great, however it was served in a very long, shallow dish providing the perfect ratio of crispy brule sugar to custard.  I highly recommend this restaurant for either a romantic night, or a dinner with friends if you feel like treating yourself to something special.  Our waitress was excellent, and when she heard we were celebrating valentines day she even brought over two complimentary glasses of champagne with dessert.
4	Tuna tartar: apparently this is a huge hit here. I'm not so sure why. Not that it was bad but it wasn't spectacular. I rarely order tartar anywhere but at restaurants where I can trust that the tuna is fresh and high grade and that usually means higher class places. That being said, I've had better. It was just nothing spectacular. Bacon goat cheese frisee salad: this was spectacular. Bacon and goat cheese perfectly balanced the bitterness of the frisee. I would order that again in a second. Cioppino: this was decent. The mussels and clams were all very tender. The fish was cooked and seasoned nicely. The broth was so so. I had actually hoped for a bit of spice in it but got none. Overall it was fine. Not a dish I would name my restaurant after but good. Staff: our waitress was delightful. The manager was also around and bought me a cigar for my birthday, which was a nice gesture. Space: the dining area and cigar lounge are both fantastic. Roomy and not too dimly lit but enough to set the right kind of mood. Overall a very good experience.
5	What else do I have to say about this place . Easily the best date bar in Pittsburgh and a great restaurant .
5	The Small plates menu in the Bar is AWESOME!!! Love the Elysian Fields Lamb Sliders!!!!
3	I have to agree wholeheartedly with the observation of another reviewer: Cioppino is a good restaurant, just not good ENOUGH. Good enough for what? Mostly, for what they charge. I'm no stranger to expensive dining, but I know the difference between fancy and "fancy," and while I had a good meal at Cioppino, the food wasn't fabulous. The menu, like nearby Eleven, served local ingredients and dishes of all proteins. $34 lamb, though, had better be knock-your-socks-off, holy-shit good. (Since they use many of the same local farms, like Elysian for the lamb, as Big Burrito, the comparison seems apt.) We found our dishes to be decently cooked, though we were both disappointed by what felt like a lack of innovation and, on my salmon, a hefty dousing of salt.I'd definitely say that Cioppino is AOK--I agree that it's a great date restaurant, and the service was fantastic. However, this probably won't become a regular spot.
4	Definitely a great Italian/Seafood place.  The atmosphere is very comfortable.  The waiter was absolutely wonderful - attentive and knowledgable about the menu.  Our meals were delicious.  The gnocci was some of the best I've ever tasted.  (And I'm Italian). On another occasion we ate at the bar.  The bar menu is awesome.  Try the fish tacos - you will not be disappointed.  The wings were excellent too.
4	I was surprised to learn this place has been here for 2+ years and I was just finding out about it now.  For work and social occasions I'm always looking for something different - and this one never made the radar.  6 of us went last night, planning just to have appetizers in the bar/lounge area.  When we arrived - there was a private party...but they were able to accommodate us at a table in the dinning room.  We were a little surprised that we sat down at 6pm on a friday night - to a relatively empty dining room.  (Hope business from the groupon is kicking in soon!)The service from the host and our waiter was top notch.  Very accommodating.For appetizers we had the Lamb Sliders and Risotto fritters.  Others have raved about the Lamb sliders - and it's well justified.  I'm not a huge fan of lamb, but these were great.  Incredibly tender and flavorful...enough to make consider adding lamb to my own cooking rotation. Topped with crumbled blue cheese - they were a perfect appetizer.The risotto fritters were also very good...but I have little memory of them when comparing them to the Lamb minis.For my entree I had scallops with lobster risotto.  I additionally ordered a side of grilled asparagus.  The scallops were perfectly cooked.  Seared on the outside, very tender on the inside.  Risotto was good.  Not the best I've had (Casbah made me cry last week it was so good)...but definitely a solid showing and would order again.  I like when Risotto is served as a compliment - not the entire course...so this was a good fit with the scallops. Lobster meat was very tender.Asparagus was probably the only weak showing.  I expected thicker hearty asparagus - especially if it was grilled.  It was thiner/smaller...kind of a weak batch.  But it was well-prepared...so points for that.Two others at the table got the gnocchi...not something I'd typically order myself, but was happy to steal.  These were unlike any gnocchi I've ever had.  Seriously these were giant pillows of fluffy deliciousness.  I was happy to steal several bites.  I'm not sure I'd order myself next time, but I will make sure someone at my table orders it so I can continue to steal.We didn't get dessert - which I immediately regretted... but I'm sure I'll be back again soon.
3	We went here a month ago with my family and boyfriend.  While their food was good but pricey (they had the special of the day swordfish and the scallops) my dish, the signature Cioppino, was horrific.  The brown slimy sauce was poured over my dish for show in front of the whole table.  An entire prawn isn't necessary, for goodness sakes.  My dish clearly had seafood from the weekend (it was Tuesday).  We won't return because the stench of cigar smoke is thick within the restaurant, even though we sat as far away from the cigar bar as is physically possible.  Sorry guys, it's just okay.  Also, I shouldn't have to pay for valet parking when it's literally ten steps from the curb.  I can park it myself since it doesn't require moving three cars.  Sheesh.
4	This is a nice restaurant across Cork Factory, in a new complex that also houses the Right by Nature market. We sat at the bar since the wait for the dining room was half an hour. The bar area was nice and not too noisy or crowded. The window table we sat at was nice, but a bit cold (we were there mid November); you might want to stay away from the window if you do not have a good tolerance for cold.The cioppino was very good, but not the best I have had. We also had the potato crusted salmon, which was delicious. The wine was also very good. They had a huge wine list to choose from. The service was OK. We would have preferred a different server who seemed to be more attentive.
2	This place is a big generic yawn.What we have here is your basic river town restaurant for business travelers and old people. There's cheesy faux-swank decor, overpriced steaks, and "sliders" (god, when is this trend going to blow over here?).Bread service was some undistinguished sourdough with cheap tasting olive oil and balsamic vinegar straight out of Restaurant Depot vats.Had a gnocchi dish that was overpowered by the flavor of stale garlic and unevenly cooked root vegetables. The cioppino featured less-than-fresh seafood and about a quarter cup of sand. Guess the chef hasn't heard of this thing called a fine mesh sieve.Bottom line: this place lacks ambition, creativity and finish.
4	My friend Katie introducted me to this place last summer and fell in love with the cigar bar portion.  No frills here, just a comfortable place to enjoy some drinks and a cigar.  I recommend bringing your own cigar, theirs are a bit overpriced.
3	I feel that there are better restaurants out there for the price. While it's a very esthetically pleasing atmosphere and upscale, I couldn't help but think while I was eating my salmon entree, that "I've had better for less" - and when those thoughts start springing up in my head, I know I'm not that impressed. So while I don't have any major complaints about the food, ambiance, service - Cioppino doesn't stand out in my mind when thinking about places to go. So check it out or don't...I'm fairly indifferent about this place, but I probably won't make it back.
4	Great food & a cigar room to boot! The portions aren't big but the flavor & presentation are wonderful. A bit pricy but all the restaurants in the area are comparable.  Bring your own smoke for after your dinner & enjoy the many cocktails available in the cigar bar.
4	First of all, I will lay out the disclaimer that my review may be slightly biased because two of my good friends that I used to work with in restaurants, are the current GM and AGM there.  Therefore, we have never had a bad experience there because we always receive wonderful service and treatment (hey!  it's awesome to know people!  LoL).With that being said - Jordan and I still come here, not just to see our friends, but to indulge in great wine and great food for a great price.  This place is for ANYONE.  Truly.  You can walk in there with a Penguins' jersey on and watch a game in the Lounge/Bar or Cigar lounge, or you can walk in there for a nice romantic dinner for 2 and eat in the dining room.  Plus, the menu has a little bit for everyone as well.  We have been there and done the whole sh-bang:  Drinks, Apps, Entrees, & Dessert, and we have also gone for Wine & Apps.  Whatever you go for, your server or bartender caters to your needs.  The most recent time we went was because we couldn't get a table at Kaya.  I was unaware that Kaya took reservations as it wasn't mentioned in many Yelp reviews, nor are they members of "Open Table", which is where I specifically make reservations for restaurant.  Disappointed at the time, we then decided to go to Cioppino's because we knew we wouldn't be disappointed there!We went for Wine and Apps and sat in the Bar/Lounge.  They had a very enjoyable live jazz band playing that evening which also set the mood on a late Friday night.  We started with Caesar salads, that come with a piece of bruschetta.  Then we ended up ordering the Margherita pizza, until my friend, the AGM came over and also recommended the Risotto Fritters and Calamari.  Well, we were very glad that he did because we had quite a spread in front of us!  The margherita pizza was AMAZING!  Not too much cheese, bursting with basil flavor, and no over-load on the tomato sauce.  The Risotto fritters were fun to eat as well.  It was like eating a much more dignified Hush Puppy - that actually tasted like something, rather than just fried texture.  And the Calamari - YUM!  I love Calamari, especially when there are lots of testacles (or "tentacles" for those who don't get my humor) on the plate.  Plus the Calamari came with this lemon mayo that was a unique and different complement, than what I'm normally used to (a tomato-based or red-pepper based dipping sauce).  All in all, we love Cioppino's.  It has really great Italian/Pittsburgh food.  If you like the Olive Garden, then go there -  because your palette is probably not dignified enough to enjoy a place like Cioppino's.  But if you like really fresh, home-made tasting comfort Italian food, that appears on your plate to be prettier than anything you can come up with at home, then Cioppino's is your place.
4	I actually have never ate inside but i have had the food! we used them as a caterer many times before i recommend them for both! food is excellent and staff is awesome! only cigar bar around this area, crowd is decent, business-casual.. they do have valet!
4	From outside, I could see people dressed in their Halloween costumes having a good time in the bar area.  It was nice to be entertained as I dined.The A Pluses:1.  Pomegranate Martinis 2.  Crab Cakes - Jumbo lump crab meat is key to break a piece off to dip into the tartar sauce.3.  Mac & Cheese that came with the Crab Cakes - And I am typically not a big fan of Mac & CheeseWill be coming back to try a different dish on the menu.
5	5 stars for a great event venue.  If I was a company, I'd have my Christmas party here, great decor to host a classy event and great food to boot.I attended an even held the the bar area and it was great for mingling with a the food station just out the way so folks could gather for buffeting and then take advantage of the bar!  How about a high top to set a plate down or perhaps you'd prefer the comfortable couches and so on to relax with a smaller group.Use this place!
5	This is without a doubt my FAVORITE (at least upscale) restaurant in Pittsburgh.  One that I don't get to as much as I would like because it is on the pricey side, but if DH and I have some extra cash and want a nice date night this is the place we go.We've eaten there three times and each time have received excellent food, quick and friendly service, and have left full and satisfied.I've eaten at Ruth's Chris Steakhouse, the Sundial Restaurant in Atlanta, and several other upscale steak places, and Cioppino makes my favorite.  Normally we get the large steak and split it and several sides, but their steaks are good enough that I could probably gorge myself and eat a whole one myself!As far as parking goes, I believe they offer free valet parking, but we can usually find a spot on the street close to the restaurant so we normally just park and walk.  I could be wrong about the valet, so don't take my word on that one.I've never been informed of a dress code, but it seems like people normally dress in business-type attire -- hubby normally wears slacks and a polo or button down shirt and I wear casual dresses or slacks and a blouse.There is a cigar bar right next door but we have never been so I can't comment on the bar.  I will mention that when they are having jazz nights next door the sound does sometimes travel into the restaurant a bit but it isn't excessively loud.  The smell of cigars, etc, does NOT travel.The decor is understated but upscale.  Dark tables and comfortable chairs, candles on the tables, and low lighting.  Definitely romantic.  The food.  Ahhhhh, the food.  I wish I could eat at this place for lunch and dinner at least twice a week.  The food is so good!@A breakdown of what we've tried:Beef Carpaccio -- sooooooo good.  We cleared the plate.  The beef was sliced and seasoned perfectly and practically melted in our mouths.Tuna Tartara -- this is the only thing I've eaten at Cioppino that I didn't love.  Although I don't think it had anything to do with the way it was prepared -- I think I just don't really like tuna tartara.Roasted Root Vegetables -- it looks like these aren't on the current menu.  But oh.my.goodness.  If you go and they are on the menu -- ORDER THEM!  Roasted carrots, parsnips, and turnips so soft and sweet and a little bit salty.  The flavors of all three are so different but complement each other perfectly.  And that bitter flavor that turnips have?  Totally gone when roasted.  Parmesan Risotto -- delicious.  Some of the best risotto I've had -- I would postulate that they make this the "real" way by toasting the rice first and then laboriously adding broth ladle-by-ladle until the risotto is done.  It's always creamy and soft (maybe slightly al-dente) and very flavorful.  I've had risotto from a few restaurants that is just chewy and flavorless, but this stuff is AWESOME.Macaroni and Cheese -- this isn't your typical Kraft-style mac and cheese, folks.  The noodles are cooked perfectly and it's obvious they use high-quality cheese -- just a bit sharp, and the sauce is just the right consistency.Steak -- we specifically get the 14 oz. strip and split it.  The steaks are juicy, seasoned perfectly, and always come the way we order them (which by the way, is medium rare).  I've never run into gristle or any other problems with the quality of the cuts they use.  Coffee and Donuts -- we went on a limb and tried this.  It wasn't *quite* what I expected.  When I read beignets, I imagined crisp "elephant ear" style pastry like is served in New Orleans.  These are more like donuts holes, are are puffy and soft.  Tossed in sugar and served with dipping sauce they were good, but didn't blow me away.Creme Brulee -- when we went it wasn't the one that is currently on the menu, it was plain creme brulee.  And it was the best I've ever had.  Now, I'm no aficionado (I've had it maybe 5 times in my life) but this is what I imagine creme brulee is SUPPOSED to be.  Crisp sugar on top so that when you hit it with your spoon it cracks, and creamy custard-y deliciousness underneath.  I would order this dessert every time I went if I could.Overall, I would HIGHLY recommend this restaurant.  Maybe for a nice business dinner and DEFINITELY  for a date -- take someone you want to impress out for a nice dinner with a great atmosphere, great food, and great service.
4	What an incredibly beautiful restaurant!  Tonight we celebrated the birth of my angel here, his choice.  We were seated promptly for our 6 pm reservation.Ron, our server was incredible.  Beverage choices were very good, BJ got a Samuel Adams Alpine Spring seasonal beer.  We had attended a business function here last fall and I was served a specialty beverage called a coconut macaroon, not currently on the menu.  Ron was kind enough to consult the bartender to see if they could recreate my drink, which they did.  It was just as amazing as I remember.For our starters, BJ got the mussels and clams which he really enjoyed.  The portion was a nice size and he really liked the broth, which was garlic and white wine.  I opted for the beet salad.  I thought it was very good, I really liked the blue cheese and the red wine vinaigrette.For our meals, BJ got the filet with lobster and the Gruyere & onion bread pudding.  His steak was served with a trio of steak sauces and grilled to perfection.  However, he thought the lobster claw meat was bit overcooked.  Also, we love fingerling potatoes but were not a fan of these.  They were a little hard and the bread pudding was a little dry.  I got the crab cakes with mac & cheese.  The crab cakes were not the Maryland style jumbo lump crab meat that I am used to.  I thought they were just okay.Since it was the big guy's big day, we ordered a blood orange cake for dessert.  They were thoughtful enough to write Happy Birthday in chocolate sauce.  All in all, we had a mixed opinion of our experience.  The interior of the restaurant is very nice and our server Ron was amazing and provided incredible service the entire evening.  We thought that the food, while good, didn't quite measure up.  In spite of this, we will probably be back to visit, again.
5	Excellent food, service, and prices were appropriate for meal.  We had a private room for a party of 20, which was very nice.  Our waiter was exceptional by recommending their special dishes, very attentive service, and kept everyone's wine and meal in order.  Scallops and steak are highly recommended.  Oh yes, the men enjoyed the large cigar bar while the women listened to jazz music in the upscale bar.
5	My lovey and I went here for our Valentine's Day/night date. It was a brilliant experience. The ambiance was calming and romantic. The staff were warm, accommodating and inviting. We chose the 3 course Valentine's Day Dinner surf/turf special and it was divine! The steak was cooked to perfection and the root vegetables upped the ante of the meat. The homemade pasta with lobster was heavenly. The pasta literally melted in our mouths. Of course I had to order an extra side of mac and cheese (southern girl pride!!). The main event (dessert is always my main event) was a hot-chocolate fondue in a molten cake with an array of sweet treats, namely homemade marshmallows. Whew, we were stuffed beyond capacity. Our server Rob was topnotch, something that has been hard to find as of late for some reason. We will be back for many meals!
5	The short version:Cioppino is well worth a trip off the beaten path in the Strip District.The longer version:I have eaten here several times now, both in the bar and in the dinning room.  The Chef here is top notch as demonstrated by his outstanding specials that never cease to inspire.  He really has a way with fish/seafood that i have not seen many other places.  From the sinfully rich sea scallops and lobster risotto to the delicate taste of the swordfish special i've had, its all impressive.   Since it is a seafood and chophouse, the steaks are also a highlight.  The fillet comes with a Gruyere & onion bread pudding sidedish that is just a perfect compliment. The bar has a smaller menu with a great burger and other munchies.  They have a great selection of draft beers and an entertaining live band thursdays and fridays.  You can also get the full menu in the bar.the wait staff are great, my wife and i are regulars pretty much and always recognized and greeted warmly.  The Chef himself will often stop by and chat about the meal and say hi, again the personal touch that makes this place well worth the visit.  Advice, make a reservation.Also the desserts by Meaghen are too good, i have been stalking the guiness cake for a month now, i hope it comes back soon.
5	My family and I love this place.   For a long stretch, we ate here weekly.  Unfortunately, our schedule does not allow for that anymore.   I always get the signature dish, cioppino, and it's wonderful each time.   I like the half price wine by the bottle menu on Monday and the overall selection on the full wine list.   My husband really likes the caesar salad.  My only complaint is that they no longer have the beignets.   They were the perfect ending to dinner.  I hope they bring them back.  We did, however, have the chocolate fondue dessert and it was great.  I think this is the only restaurant where we order dessert.   It's probably a combination of the desserts being very yummy and the atmosphere.   It makes you want to linger and order dessert.  It's a first class restaurant that has great customer service.  They do a great job!  Thanks!
5	Went to Cioppino twice while I was in Pittsburgh and was very pleased both times.  The service was very good and the food was DELICIOUS.  The first time I went I ordered the scallops with risotto and lobster cream which was wonderful.  The lobster cream included chunks of lobster all around the plate!  Yum!The second time I went I ordered the scallops a la carte and asked for them blackened.  I had a side of sweet pea and mushroom risotto.  The blackened scallops were so flavorful and meaty, they were BY FAR THE BEST SCALLOPS I HAVE EVER HAD!  Such a fan of this place and hope to visit Pittsburgh again just to eat here!
5	Last Friday I had the pleasure of dining at Cioppino and what an outstanding experience it was!We had reservations for 7pm and we arrive and the bar has a decent crowd with some nice live music going on.  We are led to the restaurant portion of the restaurant and the noise level was perfect! You could hear the music but it wasn't so loud you couldn't hear your table speaking.This is really a top-notch restaurant and you can tell because the waiters are professional and on top of their game. Our waiter was friendly, knowledgeable and helpful without being fussy. Score!  Cioppino's had some specials that night and my uncle and I decided to go all out and try the Live Sea Scallop.  The scallop is alive on the premises but when ordered they present it to you with the scallop sliced and with orange segments in between and then a wonderful citrus vinaigrette with basil and rock salt scattered on top of the scallop which is on the cleaned shell. This was one of the best appetizers I've had in my life. So light, refreshing, crisp and just simple and so tasty.For dinner the debate of another special and the crabcakes became my dilemma. I asked our wonderful waiter for his opinion and he suggested the crabcakes since I was an out of town visitor.  Great choice!  The crabcakes are also light, with little filling. Basically enough to keep the crab together and then coated in breadcrumbs and lightly fried. Wow! What an experience! The mac and cheese was really rich, cheesy and delicious. I'm not sure which cheese was the star, but it was damn good.What could top of this perfect meal? Dessert!  My uncle, aunt and I decided to split the Trio of Creme Brulee.  Three different flavors, three of us. Perfect! They were creamy and delicious and oh so tasty and thoughtfully presented. Each flavor had its own garnish. Nice!  We ordered coffee and it was superb coffee.  Well played.BreakdownThe food: 5 star!The experience: 5 star!The value: Well... can you put a price on a 5 star experience? Yeah, it's pricey, but if you think you deserve it, then go!Would I return?: I'd love to!5 stars?: 5 Star!
5	The reason for me starting a Yelp account is just to talk this place up.  One of my top two fine dining spots in the 'Burg.Recommended for 2 types of people.1. Looking for a great meal out w/your date...Be sure to visit the bar before hand then try the lamb, although everything on the menu is excellent.  Nice assortment of beers and whiskey.2. Guys night out...Add the cigar bar to #1.The food is excellent quality.  The staff is professional and courteous and the prices for the quality are below average.On a side note, I recently took my brother and the guys here for his bachelor party.  Its was a huge success.  They did everything right to ensure that we had a nice evening.  Which was good because the 4 hours we spent their before the limo arrived to whisk us off for the 2nd half of our night flew by!My only recommendation is if they could add a couple private booths in the cigar bar...
5	Went there for a late dinner last week while vacationing in Pittsburgh. The Omni hotel staff recommended it to us and I can see why.  We both had a great meal. The food was awesome. The sea bass (Cioppino) was wonderful. Flavorful and rich. The Pork Chop was cooked to perfection and tasted great.  As were the oysters on the half shell and the goeat cheese salad.  Our waitress and busser were very attentive and super friendly.  At the end of the meal the Chef, Greg, was going to all of the tables and we had a great conversation with him about the food and and the restaurant.  He has quite a distinguished background as a Chef and it shows.We highly recommned Cioppino and we will be back when we return to Pgh.
4	Dropped in at Cioppino for a late bite and a bottle of wine...and stayed to listen to the great music ( Terrance Vaughn Trio). Snagged a table in the bar and ordered a "baby" CdP (Plan Pegau) after a nice chat with the roving wine manager. Ordered up the lamb sliders and the Mac & cheese fritters... The Elysian Field lamb was perfectly seasoned and cooked to perfection...juicy and delicious. The Mac and Cheese fritters where about as one would expect...lightly breaded balls of cheesy goodness, fried and served with a warm cheese sauce. The place was hopping with a fairly young crowd enjoying the music. Will have to venture back to try dining in the main room...menu looked good.
4	$1 Oysters!!  Can't beat that!  Great beer menu, great wine menu.  The bartender was a little pretentious but I will definitely be back next time we are in town!Great atmosphere and a great cigar bar next door!  Overall, I recommend it!
4	We recently celebrated our anniversary at Cioppino and had a great time at this restaurant. Terrific service really matters and can really make or break an experience and Brielle really delivered superior 5 star service from the time we walked in the door. I might have been inclined to rate the food a bit higher had I not just eaten at Top Chef Master Takashi's restaurant in Chicago literally the Saturday before. Dinner at Cioppino wasn't quite the same but Brielle's service provided just as much fun and she deserves kudos for that! Our calamari appetizer was tender and flavorful and is definitely something I'd order again although the romaine salad from the specials menu arrived pre-dressed and was a little heavy for my liking. I ordered the crab cakes and mac & cheese for my entree thinking I could do no wrong there. Unfortunately, the mac & cheese was almost dry and not chef worthy. The sauce under the crab cakes was very heavy and fatty tasting which didn't enhance the dish. The crab cakes themselves were very tasty with minimal filler and worthy of 4.5 stars. My husband ordered the Alaskan Halibut and he seemed pretty happy with his choice although he also couldn't help comparing our dinner here to Takashi either. The best part of our evening was topped off by Brielle yet again by providing a special anniversary dessert of their banana French toast with chocolate bacon on the side -very fun & innovative! The cigar bar attached to the restaurant is a nice area to stop off for an after dinner drink and a cigar served on a silver platter is a fun touch.
3	Actually, we give it 3.5 stars.  My wife and I visited last night for a late dinner.  As we usually do, we chose to have a tapas-style dinner consisting of several appetizers and a shared entree.  We had the oysters on a half shell, crab cocktail, goat cheese salad and the scallops. All were good, but none really stood out in our minds. Perhaps the best thing we had was the dessert sampler. Everything on the plate was delicious, except for the chocolate covered bacon.  I know, it surprised  us too. How could something with bacon be bad?  Don't ask me.
4	4 out of 5 only because  perfect score is basically being hand fed by Michael Symon. Cioppino was aesthetically pleasing, romantic and delicious. Our server was excellent, wine was delicious and the food very very good. We lingered over dinner for some time without being rushed but were still treated with appropriate attentiveness. As for the food, lobster risotto for an appetizer, yummy with generous chunks of lobster. The rice itself perhaps slightly to 'the tooth', but the favors made up for it. Crab cakes outstanding, pasta with mussels and clams outstanding. If I have complaint, the linguine and sauce was uninteresting and did not do a lot to enhance cw the seafood. However, the shellfish was so good we asked our server for an additional portion and he brought another huge bowl. We were too full for dessert but did opt for after drinks. Could've ordered seconds. Can't wait to go back.
2	I generally trust Yelp reviewers but I just don't get this. I was really excited to try Cioppino and my boyfriend and I  took his mother there while she was in town. While some of my complaints might seem nitpicky when you're paying $40-$50 for an entree everything should be perfect.  So I'll walk you through it:- Lobster risotto....ok but nothing out of the ordinary.- Goat and green salad....a pile of greens with mashed up goat cheese and a pile of overcooked bacon. No presentation whatsoever. - We waited over a half hour for our entrees when the first two courses came out so fast that they never cleared our plates, or had a chance to bring us new ones. They constantly mixed up sparkling and still water and never brought new glasses to fix the mess up.- When the entrees finally showed up I was completely underwhelmed. The filet was cooked nicely but the sides were a cold and bland mess of spinach and boiled potatoes with heavy cream mixed in as an afterthought. The lamb was ok but the lentils were undercooked. The ribeye was THIN a $50 cut of meet looked kind of like it cam from sizzler. A ribeye at any other reputable steakhouse is thick and intimidating, and again this was paired with bland boiled red potatoes. The lamb was ok but the lentils were undercooked. This place was packed and the bar scene seemed ok (albeit older), but the food was uninspired and bland. If you're going to spend this kind of money head to Spoon, Salt or Eleven where the food is creative and they understand the importance of a dining experience. I will say they did try to make things right by comping the wine, however that doesn't fix the issues they have with their menu. When you're a seafood and chophouse and the most memorable part of your restaurant is the dipping oil for the bread you have a problem.
5	Cioppino gave me one of the best dining experiences ever. Parking was free and easy to find. The ambience was very classy and the live music in the bar was off the hook. Once again a older crowd but its fine dining and great food. I had the butternut squash soup which as delicious. The waiter was awesome, he was very friendly & helpful and recommended other spots in the area afterwards for drinks. For main, I had the linguini and my friend had the cioppino, it was fresh, hot and flavourable. Finally dessert, I had the gluten free option, brownie with cinnamon ice cream.... Mmm delicious!! Afterwards, I hit up the bar for martinis and watched a live band. Excellent food & Excellent place.
1	Service was good, food not really.When your steak is $40 and you bill yourself as part chophouse it should be a pretty good steak.  It was average at best.  My NY strip just didn't really have any taste to it and was served with three equally bland potato slices and nothing else. We also had a salad, an appetizer platter that seemed to come from the freezer and some nondescript chocolate cake.  Non of these were bad, but they weren't good.We paid for a 5 star meal and received a 2 star meal.Review from dinner service on 11/19/12
5	I went here for my brother's 30th birthday party and I was extremely impressed with their offerings. I dined on oysters for my appetizer, roasted parsnip and pear salad and for my main course I had the cioppino.  The oysters were fresh, the salad refreshing and flavorful. The cioppino which contains a medley if seafood was delectable. I tried a cigar for the first time at the cigar bar and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. They have great live music and patrons tend to be older but they are friendly. I will be back here soon.
5	This place is the shizznit!  Went to the cigar side and WOW! Mind blown!  Was concerned the room would be filled with a ton of smoke but it was not.  The fans are strong but not loud.  Food is great!  will be going back next time for sure.  There is limited seating so get there early.
5	Updating my review after another fabulous dining experience.  We had the short rib appetizer that was a special, really quite extraordinary.  The goats and greens salad was scrumptious.  We ordered the scallops and NY Strip and they were expertly cooked and delicious.  Our waiter, Tom, was extremely helpful with the wine list and with ordering the food.  He was also extremely attentive  but also left us alone to talk.  The chef came out to talk with us at around 9:30 pm.  He was proud of his food, but rightly so.  Cioppino has extraordinary consistency and great food.
4	Love the scene in the "smoking" bar.  Very high end and peaceful.  Definitely plan on bringing the parents here on their next visit from the East.
5	Had duck for the first time. Didn't disappoint. Great service, as well.
4	Great food, service, and atmosphere!!
5	Great place to eat.  The chef came to my table and helped serve the cioppino.  My cioppino was excellent.  Cooked to perfection, melted in my mouth, seasoned perfectly and generous portion.  Started with the anti pasta and lobster Risoto.  I found both to be a nice starter.  The crab cakes with creamed spinach were both home runs.  I will eat here again and will recommend this restaurant. Our server, sorry can't remember his name, was great.  Total dining experience, from parking to paying the check was a 5.  Great job Cioppino!
2	Went here for cigars, after dinner drinks, and dessert. If you are not part of the select/known crowd you are pretty much ignored. Being from out of town we were ignored. Had to ask for dessert menu. Had to ask for another round of drinks. Did not get napkins with dessert.
5	The food here gets 4 stars, but it's the great service that pushes this to 5 stars. I was in town for my brother's graduation from Pitt last weekend, and my family decided on this place for Friday night dinner. We had dinner reservations for 8:30. However, we actually got there a bit early in hopes of being seated early. It turned out that we weren't seated until past 9pm. We were quite unhappy with the long wait, and our waiter (I forgot his name, but it's the bald man with white glasses) apologized profusely. To make it up to us, he told us they'd pick several free appetizers for us. Not only did we get WAY more than we expected, they picked some of the best appetizers on the menu! The portion size of the entrees are also large and delicious. I'd definitely recommend this place.
5	Amazing. One of the best restaurants I've ever been to. The shrimp cocktail was phenomenal and the scallops were perfect. Everyone in our party of 8 were very happy with their food. Pricey, but great atmosphere and service.
4	Had a great dinner! We were late for our reservation and the main dining room was closed. We were seated in the bar area, but our server was kind enough to still make the dining room menu available to us. The Cigar Bar was awesome too!
4	Excellent tasting high quality seafood, friendly and very knowledgeable staff, free valet, nice atmosphere.  What's not to like.  We'll be back!
4	We had a wonderful meal here. I had the scallops with lobster risotto. The scallops were divine. The service was impeccable and the atmosphere pleasant.
4	My rating reflects the excellent atmosphere and cuisine. Additionally, the cigar bar is the perfect place to enjoy a cigar during the cold winter months. Unfortunately, the outright hostility and unpleasantness of the waitress/bartender at the cigar bar has singlehandedly forced my friends and I to head to Lawrenceville to enjoy our cigars.
3	Been here several times for dinner and the food and service have always been amazing. Went this evening for happy hour with a few coworkers after raving about the place and our experience was lack luster.  Our server Michelle was anything but friendly and other members of the wait staff seemed clueless.  Another tables food was brought to our table and it took me going to the server to get a final drink and our check.  Don't get me wrong I love this place but the service tonight made me question my loyalty.
4	Was there 10/13 for early dinner. Great food. Great service. It was more upscale than I was expecting. Would eat there again, but would not wear jeans.
5	My fav upscale Italian place in Pittsburgh!A great place for a dinner with friends or a romantic night out.The food is all wonderful, great presentation and fantastico.The atmosphere lends itself to highlighting the overall experience.  Tall ceilings, deep dark leather and wood with a feel that the Godfather would walk in any moment.  Nothing but positive remarks and recommendations!
5	Nice cigar bar ... liked the ambience
5	Nice restaurant and bar, great seafood (try the lobster risotto), and scotch/cigar bar next door.
1	Made a reservation for 8:15 last night at Cioppino.  We arrived at 8:15 and were told that our table wasn't ready yet.  They asked us to wait in the bar so my husband ordered a drink. That was the last contact that was made with us until 9:00 when we told them that we were going to another restaurant.  Then the hostess told us that our table was ready. Really??  Then why hadn't anyone come to find us?  They didn't apologize once for our 45 minute wait. They just acted surprised when we said that we were leaving. How is the food.  We 'll never know because we won't be back. Our first impression was enough for us to know that this is not our kind of place.
2	My husband and I usually love it here, but our recent experience makes me question our loyalty. We know "holidays' can we a busier time, and we never usually go out on v-day, but because we love this place, we decided to go. They sat us in the bar area for dinner, so it was just pretty loud. They weren't particularly busy, so I am not sure why this was. Our server (didnt even get her name) was not friendly at all. She hardly came by our table, and then another server showed up at the end of our meal to pick up our plates that had been just sitting there for a while. It did seem like they were short staffed because we went to the cigar room and it was packed. The server/bartender in there was the only one, so she was less than pleasant also, but I suppose I might get frustrated trying to serve the needs of 30 plus people in a room and being the only one. Overall, I am not sure we would be back soon. The food was good, my husband had the ribeye and I had the crab cakes. If anything, we would go back for the food, but the usual atmosphere and service just kinda stunk.
5	Great restarant and service.  Went there for Valentine's Day with my wife.  We had great service by our server (Tom) and other waitstaff.  They have a nice beer and wine menu that we enjoyed.  My wife and I had the Cioppino and Scallops with risotto that were both prepared expertly.
4	Fabulous service and food. Tasty menu.  Not surprising the cioppino is fabulous.  The martini's are wonderful and the Tuesday night dollar oyster special is to not be missed
5	My parents came in from Philadelphia for the weekend to celebrate my recent engagement, so I wanted to choose somewhere special to celebrate. I read many great reviews about Cioppino and it did not disappoint. To start we shared the scallop crudo with chive and blood orange (the hands down favorite), beef carpaccio, antipasti platter,1/2 dozen oysters, and fried calamari. All were fresh and the accoutrements for each dish were well paired. Before our entrees arrived my dad and I were perusing the wine list when the sommelier arrived and offered suggestions that perfectly complemented our respective entrees. For our entrees my mom and I shared the scallops on lobster risotto, my dad have the tuna, and my fiance had the duck. All dishes were quickly devoured. We all ordered a different dessert from the menu: Key lime pie, linzer cheesecake, creme brulee, and chocolate molasses cake. When the desserts arrived they also brought the chef's sampler selection, and comped both my and my fiance's  dessert. While all the food was outstanding, I was really blown away by the service. The hostess calling day of the confirm the reservation, and then apologizing for the two minutes we stood at the host stand while she sat a table. Our waitress (i forget her name) was very attentive, constantly refilling water, replacing silverware, and bringing additional plates and drinks. The sommelier seeing us looking at the wine menu popped over and offered excellent recommendations. The manager checking our table as we enjoyed dinner. We were even lucky enough to have both the chef and pastry chef stop by to say hello and congratulations. Very high end dining experience. I am so excited that I chose Cioppino to celebrate this special night with my parents and fiance. Did I mention they also offer complimentary valet service!
3	Cioppino is disappointing in the regard that it is not nearly as awesome as it could be if run well. The food is average and the cocktails are mediocre. The cigar bar, which was the biggest draw for me, has also been the biggest disappointment for me every time. It's very small in the cigar room with which I have no problem. The bar seats about ten, there are two sections with two large couches and then about six tables. Considering all of this, I must say the service is flat out terrible. Part of the problem is that there is often only one server in the cigar room. This person serves the bar and the rest of the cigar room and I've yet to see this done well. My most recent visit, it took almost three hours for us to have two drinks each. Not because we drank slowly or hung around for no reason, but because it took about 20 minutes to get our first order and then more than an hour before anyone ever came back to our table (just a few feet from the bar) to ask if we needed anything. If they could figure out how to manage such a small place, it would probably be decent. Otherwise, quite disappointing.
4	Located hard by the Monongahela river, this Strip District staple had somehow not been on our "must go list". Overall, the atmosphere was fun, with a jazz band spicing up the front bar area and some solid cocktail choices to be had. The main dining area is in the rear of the establishment and has widely spaced tables and a private back room. The service was somewhat spotty but friendly, but did seem to improve as the night went on. As for the food, the bread basket and garlicky dipping oil were quite tasty, preparing us for our app choices. We had the Tuna Tartare (good but slightly bland), Beef Carpaccio (well presented and solid), and Lamb Sausage with Greens 'n' Beans (excellent). Being cliche', each couple split the Cioppino entree. It was nicely seasoned with fennel and garlic and had appropriate portions of seafood and fish. Overall, we had a fine evening and would recommend this location for both it's bar/music scene as well as the restaurant.
4	Hate cigars or any type of smoke? Then do not come here. This place has a cigar bar and the smell carries into the dining room - it is faint but definitely there. However, if you don't mind then continue reading. Went here about a month ago and could not have been more pleased. The waiter, I think his name was Gary was extremely friendly and very knowledgeable. They start you out with delicious bread and an infused olive oil to dip. I will tell you that we ate enough for four people but I'm not going to be bashful because the meal was absolutely delicious. To start, my husband had the oysters on the  1/2 shell which he had absolutely no complaints about. I ordered the short rib polenta as an appetizer and it was to die for! For dinner my husband ordered the Elysian Fields Lamb which was done three ways and he liked every bite! I ordered the scallops  with risotto and lobster cream and I would definitely recommend it. There was enough food on this plate for two. I was torn between this and the crab cakes and a couple next to us ordered them and I was slightly jealous. We should have stopped here but we forged on and ordered the Sampler which came with chocolate Guinness cake, chocolate covered bacon, homemade turtle chocolates, banana French toast and who knows what else.  For $10 this was a steal but I wasn't thrilled. Nothing about the dessert was all that special and it may have been because we got ahead of ourselves. But if you go with a group and want to have something for a table, you could order this. The only complaint that I had was their choice of seating. We went on a Friday night and were the only ones there when we arrived around 6 pm. By the time we were done, the place was about half full but you would not have known that because all of the tables around us were filled. I would recommend that they space couples out a little more so that people do not feel like they are in each other's conversations. Luckily, the couple on one side didn't have much to say and the men to the other side were seated when we were having dessert.
4	Way to go, Pittsburgh, on some solid food! Upon my aunt booking the reservation, they asked if we would be dining for a special occasion. Unbeknownst to me at the time, it was apparently their anniversary, and she happened to tell the hostess. When we were seated, the menu was personalized to read, "Happy Anniversary X and X!" It was pretty great.  And I really enjoyed not having to find parking in that area as they offer complimentary valet parking. Score!Now onto the food. Let's start with their in-house water bubbling system (those exist??). For $3.25 or $3.50, you can get unlimited sparkling water that has been bubbled on-site.  Apparently, it's a thing, but it's super cool, and I appreciated it.  Their bread was pretty average, but I found myself going after more pieces of bread than expected only because their dipping oil which is a combination of olive oil and pesto was absolutely phenomenal! Appetizers change with what's available/in season, but our party shared the Short Ribs, Halibut cheek, and antipasta, and we were more than satisfied.  Salads were nicely seasoned and dressed. Someone in my party got the "cioppino" which isn't much of a surprise since one would hope that a restaurant named after a dish would have perfected it, but I opted against that idea.  After a wonderful experience trying cioppino on the piers of San Francisco where it all really began, I opted for something else.  That something else was crab cakes and mac n' cheese. I have never had crab cakes quite as good as these before.  Truly.  Though Pittsburgh isn't really anywhere near the ocean, the crab was undeniably fresh. Places have a bad habit of over-seasoning crab cakes, but not Cioppino in Pittsburgh! It was seasoned just enough to add a little kick but it didn't overpower the natural flavor of the crab meat. And in a strange way, the cakes stayed together while also flaking apart perfectly. That mac n' cheese was pretty incredible, too with a light dusting of breadcrumbs! From what I hear, the halibut (main dish), lamb, lobster risotto, and cioppino eaten by others in my party were pretty great.  So great, that nothing remained on anyone's dishes.Dessert was okay. It's one of two things that bring Cioppino's rating down from a 5 to a 4 for me. I got the molasses cake, and though it was tasty, it was nothing like what I expected based on its description on the menu. For some odd reason, it tasted very "Guinness"-ey to me. My cousin ordered two flavors of gelato and one ended up having to go back to the kitchen because it tasted as if the milk used had gone bad. We eventually received an apology from the kitchen and were told that the gelato flavor would be taken out of circulation - meaning there was something definitely wrong with it. Mu aunt and uncle shared the "sampler" and though the majority of the desserts on their platter were good, their version of chocolate covered bacon wasn't so scrumptious.  We all agreed after tasting it that it probably would have tasted better if they used milk instead of dark chocolate and if it was a room temperature chocolate as opposed to semi-solid/melted chocolate. My last gripe about the place is their service. Food comes out SLOWLY. Our reservation was at 6, and by the time we actually left, it was almost 10pm. Four hours for dinner? Really? There were significant gaps between courses and it was a nightmare trying to get a hold of our server throughout the night. I was practically dancing in my seat trying to get his attention.  Don't get me wrong, when we finally had his attention, he was super attentive, but just trying to get it was quite the hassle. Would I return? Absolutely! Would I suggest this place to others? Of course! There a just a few kinks that they need to work out and that you, dear reader, need to be prepared for. Buon appetito!
5	Once again outstanding meals. And once again very gluten free friendly.
4	What do you do in Pittsburg overnight and need a place.  Yelp, of course.We we a bit apprehensive driving through the industrial district to arrive at this place.  The live music and cigar bar were a pleasant surprise.  The dining area was not smoky from the cigars.  The olive oil was blended with some green substance and was so, so good.  That could be the high light of the meal.The lamb sausage appetizer was good.  The polenta was superb and the sausage part was over-shadowed.The medium rare steak come medium, a big no-no.  But it was well seasoned, flavorful, and still very tender.  So I gave it a pass.The Oregonian Pinot (Iris) was excellent.Thank you, Yelp, for helping out the traveler one more time.
5	This place was the best!  We were immediately seated and were welcomed by our great waiter Ben.  This guy was the best and made the night a pleasure !  Food was delicious! Lobster risotto was everything we read about and goat cheese salad very flavorful.  Filet scallops and crab cakes cooked to perfection!  Gelato to die for!  We had a nice view of the cork factory and residents parading their cute pooches for an evening walk.  We were new to the Pitt area for dinner and will return for sure!
1	There was nothing that we found impressive about this dining establishment. From the cold environment to the lackluster service--it is certainly not the best that pittsburgh has to offer. To expand upon our experience, the only thing worthwhile were the oysters on the half shell. The rest was a disappointment, from the SOKU block tuna to the "olive garden" style gnocchi-- there is no saving grace.
4	I cannot vouch for the food, only the cigar bar. This must be one of the most beautiful cigar bars around Pittsburgh. It has a relaxing atmosphere and the ventilation is the best I've ever experienced. The cigar selection is a bit small but solid. Those that they do care, are excellent choices. The whiskey choices are good as well and tasted fresh. The only down fall was the service. It was adequate but not extremely fast. I will certainly visit again.
3	I dined here last night on a date. I arrived first so I sat at the bar to the left of where you walk in and ordered a glass of wine. They had a live jazz band which was nice. The room was really dark so unless you were interested in the jazz I'd suggest sitting in the dining room. Once my date arrived we made our way to the dining room. We were greeted quickly and water was immediately brought over. We placed our drink orders while we looked over the menu. Prices are high-this will not be an inexpensive evening out. I ordered the crab cakes with mac and cheese. The crab cakes had a lemony flavor and were served over a "creamy cocktail" sauce. They were tasty but I still prefer Sausalido's crab cakes. The mac and cheese was meh. Something similar to farfalle pasta with a cheese sauce. Butcher and the Rye has superior mac and cheese. My date ordered the scallops with the lobster risotto. He said it was good and it must have been as he cleaned his plate. Now I did not see our bill but I saw the menu prices so I basically know how much it was and if I had to pay for this meal, it would have not been worth it to me. Much better places to eat at in the Strip and Pittsburgh in general that are superior in quality and less expensive. I don't feel the need to return unless to listen to music in the bar area and just have drinks.
5	Very fresh oysters . Main fish dish was also great. Great service. The cigar bar was also great to end the evening
4	My boyfriend and I went here on our first date and sat in the Cigar Room.  It is definitely a place we both enjoy because the food and drinks are good, the atmosphere is classy and intimate but, also laid back in the Cigar Room.  We always get the oysters and a cigar!
5	Dinner last night was great! Our first time to Cioppino and we will be back. Very good atmosphere and attention to detail by the wait staff. We had read previous reviews and decided to start our meal with the lobster risotto and a Caesar salad. My wife loves the risotto as did I but I could have used a pinch of salt to make the lobster pop. The Caesar was excellent and was dressed perfectly. My wife had the pork chop with Brussels sprouts and I had the lamb for our entrees and once again we both came away impressed. The pork chop was seasoned and cooked perfectly and was very juicy, the lamb was excellent as well and I would order it again. I enjoyed the presentation but didn't feel the lentils added to the dish, and would have preferred a more traditional starch. Pumpkin cheesecake was good but the star of the dish for me was the cranberry compote, great contrast to the sweet of the cheesecake. Updates cocktail menu was perfect for the season and my wife highly suggests the jack-o-tini
2	I have mixed feelings on Cioppino. On one hand, the space in all three parts (dining room, bar, and cigar room) is really nice and pretty welcoming. The crowd is a bit more dressy at times, but overall, the vibe is more relaxed that one would expect. I've also had some pretty delicious menu items in our handful of visits (the tomato-based crab bisque on our last visit being one of them), but I've also had plenty of average food, as well (the gnocchi, which was made in-house, but served with a bland mixture of ingredients and overwhelmed by the use of excessive broccoli rabe, for example). They have a solid selection of wines and whisky, but the prices are a few dollars more than most places ($14 for a Balvenie Doublewood, for example, that's typically $11-12/pour), and as I mentioned in a tip left here: Watch out when you order a whisky. If you order a scotch, expect a double automatically. Also, expect to pay for that unwarranted double when your bill arrives. Did you order your whisky "neat?" Expect a $2 upcharge. None of this will be explained to you when ordering, so just be prepared to pay 133% of what's listed on the menu, plus $2 if ordered neat. Very strange approach, if you ask me, and I can't imagine many patrons being as forgiving as us.We've typically sat in the bar area, which was okay. The music can be a bit loud for casual conversation on Fridays. The jazz band is a decent trio/quartet...but not great. We've also done the cigar room experience, as well as the dining room experience. Both got the job done, but neither left us with any overly-positive impressions.So, you can see a theme here. Cioppino is a place that tries to do a lot of things right, and certainly has the potential, but ultimately slips in nearly every area. For the price, there's no excuse for falling short. Entree prices are high enough that a better experience can be had at numerous restaurants within a mile or so of Cioppino, if you're looking in the $25-45 range. Want to experience overpriced whisky? There are places with better selections and experiences close by. I feel less guilty paying $36 for a single ounce of harder-to-find bourbon at, say, Butcher and the Rye, than $23 for a double (that I didn't ask for) of run-of-the-mill scotch at Cioppino. We have no plans on returning, but the fact that we kept giving the place a chance should say that we recognize the potential (not to mention our desire to have another good place near home), but we've left underwhelmed too many times. If they worked harder at improving the experience (and making sure their staff acts with some professionalism near the bar when they don't think anyone is looking) instead of finding ways to inflate the check, we'd be able to recommend the place. As it is, save your money and time and explore some of the other excellent establishments Pittsburgh has at the moment.
3	We came with a large group which I think is always difficult for the kitchen, there were 11 of us. As a result, I'm going to say service was slow. This could be due to the kitchen or our server, but I felt there was too long a delay for food, too long a delay for asking if we wanted extra drinks, I think a general lack of concern over our table. This is odd given the restaurant was not full, I'm not sure why this was the case, and it may have been a one off. The food was excellent, but then this is Pittsburgh and I'm going to be honest, there is a lot of competition now between good restaurants. Could you get a better dining experience in Pittsburgh? Yes. Is this restaurant horrible? Not at all, in fact the food was excellent. But it lacked something, not sure how to put my finger on it, but something.
5	Excellent food with even better service. Mac and cheese is unreal. Rib eye was cooked to perfection. The halibut was also delicious.
1	So wait staff was okay, but management was possibly the worst.  After requesting our table to have one more seat added they refused based on "security reasons". When asked to expand on this concept the manager replied with a blank stare as if we were in the know of a secret plot to over run the place.... in reality we wanted some cigars and a cocktail,  that's it. But at the of the day the cocktails were watered down and not good. The cigars were great but... come on.
