2	The only good thing is the cheesecake. The food is terribly mediocre. And I hate how they seem to all be decorated like ruins of some sort. I want some damn food not an expedition with Fernando!
2	So I've admitted in the Biltmore location's review that I secretly LOVE Cheesecake Factory, but this particular location stinks.  Lunch is always busy, and service (up to now) was so-so.  But most recently my co-workers took me to lunch here for my birthday, and here is how the exchange with our 22 year old skanky server went. I swear I am not making this up.  We place our orders and then my co-workers call over our server.  Let's call the 22 year old skanky server Tammy McSleazerston.Co-workers:  (point over at me like I'm not there, as if to request some kind of retarded ice cream, song and dance freebie) It's his birthday today, could we have some kind of something for him.TM:  (In baby voice, and taking her index finger and pointing at her right cheek) Aww, is it your boothday tuhday Mishtuh Man??Me:  (Stunned, and not knowing what to say)  Um yeah.TM says she'll be back, and walks away.Me and Co workers:  (Look at each other jaw-dropped)We finish lunch, they give me my stupid ice cream, and we leave a crappy tip and a note to the manager to rein in his flippant servers -- and no apology, or other response.
2	I have to agree with everyone.  The menu is extensive, which is a good thing.  No matter who you go with, you'll all find something you like.BUTI hate the atmosphere.  I hate the crowd.  I hate the NOISE!  I feel like part of a herd of cattle there.They have one salad I like.  It's got walnuts, pears and a good raspberry vinaigrette.  The cheesecake?  Well, being from NY, I find it mediocre.  I got a gift card for CF last year for my birthday.  I re-gifted it.
2	First I hate when people call it "Cheesecake" as in, "I am sacrificing a meal tonight and eating at Cheesecake."  Please...Anyways...I have pretty good memories of this restaurant from childhood because back then I guess I didn't realize that it was a chain.  When I was a youngster in Michigan, it was always special to go to The Cheesecake Factory in Chicago and wait your 2 hours for a table and la te da.  Now, I realize that it is just one of the billions of chains on 83rd that is just sub par.   The last time I was there we ate an okay meal but had to wave our waiter down for water refills and earlier in the meal when he was taking our order, he actually sat down next to me while my boyfriend and I were ordering.  BIZARRE!  The guy clearly couldn't read body language.Huge MenuHuge placeLoudFood that is just okayI know you can do better...
2	I went to this restaurant a couple of years back and had a much better experience with both the service and food.  This time it was quite a disappointment.  Much smaller portions and everything tasted the same.  Food was not presented in an appealing manner (kind of slopped on the plate...what's up with that?!) and as usual, martinis waaay over priced.  I don't mind paying for expensive alcohol, but the food better be up to par or the waiter/ress better be over par.  It seems the quality over all with this particular CF has gone down over the years.
2	my boyfriend has wanted to take me to this restaurant for 3 years. we finally went on a special occasion. i was looking forward to a really good meal and nice ambiance. ok, so the food was way overpriced for what you got. we went for breakfast. the portion was average, nothing spectacular and it was pricey for what you got. the service was super slow. yes, it was busy, however, it was slower then slow. it was very noisy, putting a damper on our special occasion. the decor was the only nice thing about the visity. service blew. prices blew. nothing special. i could've went to a hole in the wall diner and got a heaping portion for less money and better service.
4	Busy location during prime time hours, but you're stupid if you come here (or anywhere on 83rd ave.) on Friday or Saturday night and expect it to not be busy.Weekday lunch is great here with the extensive menu, especially appetizers, and of course the dessert.What I like the most is the good service because they seem to have a good corporate model for training their employees.  I want to see the perma-smile even if the server is having a sucky day, and you can't over-service me or ask if I want another beer too many times.  I drink a lot, I tip well, so I'm not the person that you want to have an empty glass with on the table.  This place gets it.
5	Tiramisu cheesecake, mmmmmmm
4	I know, I know...shame on me for eating at a chain restaurant...BUT, I like the options that they have on the menu and I generally like the quality of the food and flavor, plus the portions are large.It was fairly busy when we arrived.  We had to wait maybe 8 minutes for a table, so in the mean time we went to the bar and ordered a drink.  Gin and tonic with lime for me, fat tire for the fiance.  Nothing fancy, nothing to get hyped up about.We were seated in an odd little corner in the back of the restaurant.  It was cozy with the exception of the loud and annoying kid sitting next to me, who clearly had a mild (or extreme) form of ADD.  The parents were doing nothing to prevent the kid from going crazy...but, this forum is not for talk on parenting, so all things aside, let's talk about the food.Our waiter was AWESOME!  His name was Mathew, early 20's (if that), skinny and frail, but overall a bright burst of energy and enthusiasm about his job and serving us.  WAY TO GO.  He had a cute goofy laugh and made the special sound tasty, though it was not what I came to eat.He was prompt to deliver us our water, bread, and come back to take our order.  My fiance ordered the farmhouse burger (burger, pork belly, egg, all the fixins) and I had the farfalle garlic chicken pasta (which came with peas, cream sauce, garlic, tomato, shrooms, etc.).  When the food finally did arrive, I was greeted with something that clearly was NOT my order.  It was a pasta dish, except it had shrimp and spaghetti, instead of bowtie pasta and chicken.  I kindly told the girl this wasn't what I ordered and she graciously brought me back the correct item.  Apparently, she got them mixed up.I ate only two bites before I realized that almost half of the ingredients were missing from my dish.  Mathew came back, I advised him of the issue, and he HAPPILY took the plate back.  I was expecting to see the same food I just snacked on with a splash of peas added.  WRONG.  He brought me back a whole BRAND NEW dish!  Fresher tasting than the last!  Exciting!  He made sure to hook me up on the extra parm cheese too!In either case, I gave this experience 4 stars.  I know that there were some issues that took place, but the way that it was handled and amended really stood out in my mind as excellent.  I genuinely have great experiences when I come here.
4	I choose Cheesecake Factory for my birthday lunch. I love that many many MANY choices you have. And if you there before 5pm, you can order a lunch portion (dinner portions are HUGE). The service is always great. My favies: Tex Mex eggrolls Romano crusted chicken Vanilla bean cheesecake Red velvet cake cheesecake Burgers Pasta dishes... I have not gotten anything I did not like yet!
4	Awesome cheesecake selections, the meals are pretty good as well
4	Food was great, quoted a half hour wait ended up being half that long.  Service left a bit to be desired sittingon the patio but at least they weren't over bearing.
4	I had southwest salad.  red velvet cheesecake mmmmmmm
3	stopped in for a snack before the PADRES-CUBS game across the street at the PEORIA SPORTS COMPLEX. the restaurant is huge with an over-the-top DISNEYLAND in LAS VEGAS look.the kid's PEPPERONI PIZZA was light, crispy and surprisingly good. mom and dad shared the VIETNAMESE TACOS which were basically open-faced bao (steamed CHINESE buns) topped with a banh mi filling (roasted pork, cilantro, juliened cucumbers, carrots and onions in a light pickle). the seasoning was minimal (read "bland") and the "sandwich" itself a bit dry. really like the idea but the execution was weak.
2	The restaurant is beautiful and the service is just OK.  The food is nothing special and I don't see any reason to choose this restaurant again.
4	Service is always great, I've been visiting this location for years.  Food is always great as well, I love the chicken avocado club, yesterday I tried the fish and chips and it was delicious.  I also love the drink menu, the pomegranate mojito is top notch.My only complaint is when this place gets busy it seems to fall apart a bit up front.  Hostesses become distracted and spend more time talking to each other and trying to figure things out then getting people seated.
4	We went with the lunch sized portions and we still needed togo boxes. My daughter and I both had the fettucini alfredo with chicken. My son chose the meatloaf (I was nervous), and I, of course, tried it. It was fantastic! His mashed potatoes were great too and the corn/peppers/zucchini vegetable side was AMAZING! This is the first time I've tried the cheesecake... also amazing. I let my kids choose. They went for the white chocolate raspberry and the banana cream pie cheesecake. I'm not much of a dessert girl, but I sampled more than the one bite I promised them.I have been to a Cheesecake Factory 3 times now. I've never been disappointed. Everything I've ordered or tried has been really yummy. The service is somewhat scripted and "chainy," but... it is a chain. I'll go again, for sure. Although, I'll need to save up a bit first. Lunch cost the three of us (me and two kids) over $60.
3	This place is hit or miss for me.  I've been there several times and it depends on the server who will make it or break it for me.  My other 3 visits were good but the last one wasn't so good.  The food is always pretty good.  The last server I had served me flat diet coke or pepsi and when I complained about it he said "yea we always get complaints about it".  I finished my meal and about 15 minutes later he came in with another diet soda from another station and asked me to try it.  I did and it was good except for the fact that I was done with my meal and would've enjoyed it better during.  Desert is always spot on!
4	First time into Cheesecake Factory. We were seated right away and our server Todd, was so very attentive!  We started out our order right with a Skinny Mojito and a Dirty martini and fried Calamari, maybe only 5 minutes after ordering i got out appetizer, the calamari was really good, the breading was light and delicious! I ordered the Chicken and Biscuits that had large chunks of cooked carrots, peas chicken laid on a tower of amazing mashed potatoes and smothered in Gravy! oh.. there were biscuits too. My husband got the Thai Chicken Noodles it looked really good. he said it would have tasted better if it was with shrimp but he still enjoyed it. The food was plentiful for the price. we will definitely be returning!
4	My boyfriend and i just ate there afew hours ago and it was great.our server was very nice and sweet.they served my soda in a huge glass and refilled it as needed without me having to ask.the wheat bread they give you before dinner is awesome.the white not so good.I ordered off thier new light menu.(called skinny something or other don't remember)I had the chicken soft tacos.they were excellent.I couldn't even tell they were low cal.they also had cabbage in them and the cilantro was seasoned nicely to add lots of flavor.my b.f. ordered a burger well done and it was cooked just right.I never eat burgers but I tried a bite of his just to see,and it tasted great,like it was fresh off the grill.the rice that came with my tacos was very flavorful and a good size portion as well.the only complaint I had was that as I sat down,I noticed a lil black hair on my napkin/linen.luckilly I saw it before I used it.I asked for a new one and the server was nice and apologetic about it.honestly it was so small I can see how it was overlooked.these things happen.I don't blame anyone for that.overall it was a good dining experience .(minus the hair of course).
3	We don't visit CKF very often, simply because it's very overpriced and crowded.  I do love their Chicken Piccata and macaroni cheese bites though.  They have a very large menu....at times overwhelming.
4	Of all the restaurants I've been to (and we eat out once or twice a week so we've sampled quite a few), Cheesecake Factory is the one that I've had the best service at, hands down, no matter the location.  Other restaurants might have service that is as good from time to time, but only at Cheesecake Factory has the service been excellent every single time I've been there.The food is also very good, and the menu has a lot of variety on it.  The one thing I don't like about it, though, is the ridiculous portion sizes/calorie counts.  I never finish an entire dinner meal (lunch for the next day, at least!) but even eating half of the portion I feel like I definitely shouldn't be ordering dessert.  They do have some lighter options, but not nearly as many as I've seen at similar restaurants.  Cheesecake Factory certainly is not helping obesity rates in our country, but with a little self-control I think it's a fabulous place to eat!
3	Again, food is amazing, service is top knotch, drinks are great, something for everyone, great for celebrating occasions or just treating yourself. However, THERE IS NO PARKING. I MEAN NONE!!!! We drove around for 15 minutes, maybe more. If we weren't meeting people, we would have left.
5	I love this place.  The Southwest egg rolls are to die for!  I always get the same meal (chicken romano) because it is SO good.  Maybe some day I will try another menu item, but we don't get to come here often so when we do, I get what I know is good.  The seasonal pumpkin cheesecake is SO good.  We have always had great service too!  Its pricey, but worth it.
3	I can see why people like this restaurant. It's beautiful inside, the menu is diverse, and who doesn't love cheesecake? I feel like cheesecake is the only thing they do right at the Cheesecake Factory. I appreciate that there are many options on the menu but the food is too rich for me. Everything is either fried or drenched in butter. I wouldn't refuse to eat here but its not my first choice when going out to eat.
5	I'm a fan and always will be, the food is always good here and the selection is unbelievable.  I know it is a franchise but a kick ass one if I may say.  I love all the martinis....and I do mean all.  I love the strawberry lemonade, I love the cheesecake (of course), I love the service, the atmosphere is definitely high end but you can still go casual.  I have had several meals hear and could not possibly remember them all but I have never not liked my dish....except that I can never finish because their portions are HUGE.
4	I love this place. I like the dim lights while I eat it's very relaxing. The bread is great! I like the variety. My favorite meal I like to get there is the Thai chicken pasta! Oh my gosh to die for. And any of their cheesecakes are worth getting! :)
5	It is tough to find a restaurant with a 20 page menu.  Even tougher to find one that does it ALL exceptionally well.  I've been here dozens of times and never, EVER, had a meal that wasn't great.I haven't been much in the last few years because I really try to stay away from chains but went back again for the first time in at least two years last week.  Friggin awesome as usual.  In the past, the only part of their food that I wasn't in love with was their shoestring fries, and they no no longer offer them.  YES!  My meal came with normal perfectly cooked and seasoned fries.The Navajo chicken sandwich is SO GOOD.  Pastas - SO GOOD.  Also, this might sound lame, but their chicken fingers are outstanding.If you or your date are ever not sure what type of food you want, go here.The selection and quality are unbelievable.  So is the service.  5 stars all the way around.
4	Really enjoyed the Factory Meatloaf. I usually do not care for gravy, but the roux on this meatloaf made a good sauce forthr meat.  The side of corn with red and green peppers with zucchini cut into it was a nice flavor mash up.
4	Talk about options!  It's almost unfair to have so many items on a menu.   Especially when the food is so good.  I have gone to the Cheesecake Factory several times and have not been able to even put a dent in the menu.So, I wasn't too hungry this time, so I decided to order from the small plates menu.  We started with the corn fritters.  Then I ordered the shrimp and grits and my husband ordered the hibachi steak.  The only reason I didn't give them five stars is because we didn't get our appetizer until the our food was ready.  And by that time, we had already stuffed our faces with bread and butter (which is delicious)!  The server apologized for delay in bringing our app and the manager came by and didn't charge us for the corn fritters.  That was much appreciated!  We only had one of the fritters since our other dishes were in front of us and we didn't want those to get cold.  I really like the shrimp and grits.  I think the dish came with a little too much sauce...but that's just me....I just really liked the taste of the cheddar grits.  My husbands steak was really really good!  The hibachi steak is what I normally ordered. I will go back again!
4	I love the Hibachi steak on the menu.  I usually have a good meal here and it is a very nice restaurant.  I wish the menu was smaller so I would not have to read through the 10 to 20 pages of selection. Overall, great location, plenty of menu options that can be rated good, and nice atmosphere.
4	Big portions, Great food, excellent Cheesecake and beautiful decor. If you haven't been here should  definitely put it on the try list
5	Today I went to this Cheesecake Factory for brunch. An event was being coordinated by the Wounded Warrior Project organization and I was to meet with other wounded warriors for a little what I thought was a meet and greet. Once I met the coordinator, she mentioned there were to be 70 attendees. Yes. Seven, zero. I braced myself for the worst.At the strike of ten the doors opened and the games began. But what happened threw me off in a good way. The manager asked for the party of 70 right off the bat and immediately had us seated in a very large area of the restaurant designated just for our event. Servers were swarming, the manager was always present, water pitchers were pouring.  Good things were happening and I was truly impressed. I don't know if they had a pep talk in the back before we came in the door and said something like,"There is a group of 70 combat injured guests and their families coming in today. Get them whatever they want and do whatever they ask" because that is exactly what I felt like was happening. First class service.Now the food. I grabbed the Monte Cristo brunch sandwich which was egg, ham, bacon, and Swiss cheese between two thick pieces of French toast and dusted with powdered sugar. It was just as salty and sweet as you can imagine it was. It was in fact to sweet for me. Thankfully, my wife was having the Baja Chicken Hash meal which was "Two Crisp Tortillas Topped with Chicken Chorizo, Poblano Chiles, Potatoes, Corn, Peppers, Onions and Cheese. Topped with Eggs and Hollandaise Sauce."  I copied that from the website so hopefully they don't care but I can't explain all of what was in the meal. It was simply awesome. It was spicy and hearty with the hash browns and I loved it. So my wife and I switched dishes and were officially set. My daughter had a three pancake and bacon meal which she loved. Simple palate simply pleased. One thing to note. The orange juice was truly fresh squeezed and along with the pulp even had that slight bitter rind taste to go with it. The virtual cherry on top of the breakfast. Really, truly, good.It all really came together. 70 of us sat down and there was not a single beat missed by the staff this morning. My coffee and water never went empty. My food came promptly piping hot and tasty. There was a smile on everybody's face and I met some other great Americans and their families. I have been to this Cheesecake Factory in the past and had good service but maybe a little unremarkable. Today was an opportunity for this location to shine and indeed it did.
5	Went here for dinner last night, I had the Shepherds pie and my wife had the Cuban sandwich, both were very good and filling. The place was busy even at 8:30 pm when we arrived. The food was very good and the staff was very friendly, the only thing I could find that I didn't like was the poor lighting.
4	Stopped in for lunch. Had the chopped salad. Awesome!! Cannot say enough about this place! Beautiful restaurant and excellent service!  Will see you again soon!
4	First, I can almost guarantee that you will not find better service in the Valley that tops The Cheesecake Factory. Every visit, every time; this place has it together. The only reason it gets four (4) stars is due to the price. Taking my family out here and I am sure to get a bill topping one hundred bucks ($100) easily. However, aside from price, the staff is great and I have never had an issue with any of the waiters/waitresses that work there. The food, albeit a wide variety of it, it always good (with the exception of a steak that I felt was a little dry).If we are looking for a great place to eat and have a little extra cash to spend, this place gets our first looks.
4	The food always seems to get better with each trip.  Of course when I leave Im stuffed and feel like Im going to explode.  That's my own fault..I like this location.  We are always seated pretty quickly.  If we have to wait it's maybe 10min average.  Not too bad at all. Service has always been great here.  If you ask for extra's they bring it and never say anything. When it comes to the food, Cheesecake has pretty much anything you could imagine.  Breakfast burrito? they have it.. Chinese food? they have it..  You name it, they have it.I found that sometimes, you can order an appetizer and it's the size of a regular meal.  I love their buffalo blast chicken appetizers.  it's a ton of food and it will fill you up with no problems.the one thing Ive never had luck with is their club sandwich.  Always been dry for me.  And now we talk about the cheesecake itself.  The pieces are huge and super rich. I recommend splitting it with someone.  They are great though.
5	Sure it's a chain, but every individual establishment has its quirks.However, this Cheesecake Factory delivers with gastronomic fireworks.  The quality of service and food were reflective of a five-star restaurant without mirroring the small portions and high prices.For instance, the pizza with salad lunch special combo was so big, even a Wooly Mammoth probably couldn't get it all down.  The burgers are also so big, I even had trouble getting my big mouth around it.  The food was exceptionally delicious.  I also highly recommend the Thai Chicken Pasta, which I usually get almost every time.Of course the ambiance inside is also very nice.  I think about 5 staff members said "thanks for coming" on the way out.  Hands down, this is one of my favorite chain-locations to dine at!
5	Too busy to make dessert for that special at home dinner - stop by Cheesecake Factory and pick up some dessert to go and you will be a dessert hero!  Don't forget to try the Pumpkin Pecan while it is available!
5	I sat at the bar the bartender offered good service
4	Can't complain ... great service, great cheesecake, decent food.
5	awesome tacos and salsa. oh the cheesecake took, well, the cake i guess
4	3 1/2* The Cheesecake FactoryPeoria, AZGreat happy hour menuLoved the Skinlicious menu that had a chicken salad & burgerDesserts are fabFriendly food service by Michael
4	Not disappointed by this location. The typical high quality service and food I would expect.HATE the chairs!! You lean back and you slide off.
4	We stopped here for lunch with the baby on Saturday.   We were seated immediately and the server got us our drinks and some warm bread and butter right away.  Our server was very friendly (in fact just a little too sugary sweet) and she did her job well.We ordered from the lunch menu.  I got the Miso Salmon and my husband ordered the cheese pizza.  Our food was out within 15 minutes and mine was delicious, but my husband said his pizza was just so-so and about the same quality as a cheese pizza from Sam's Club.  (OUCH!)Anyway, our bill for two passion fruit iced teas, a lunch pizza, a lunch salmon and a slice of the pina colada cheesecake (to go) was $42, before gratuity.  The baby just ate off of my plate because she is too little for her own plate still.I ate the pina colada cheesecake slice later that night and it was just okay.  It may just be me, but I think that their more exotic cheesecake flavors aren't nearly as good as the plain old vanilla bean cheesecake.  Maybe it's because the other ingredients in the more exotic cheesecake varieties detract from their perfect vanilla cheesecake recipe...?  I dunno what it is, but I've experienced this phenomenon more than once.  Sadly this time I thought it'd be different with the promising pina colada flavor, but it just didn't deliver.  It didn't taste very tropical, or very cheese-cakey.  I'll just remind myself to order the plain vanilla cheesecake next time and stop being drawn in by the tempting siren song of the exotic cheesecake flavors.
3	I met a girlfriend here around 8pm on a Wednesday night. She was in need of a nosh and I was in need of an adult beverage. We knew CF was open later than a lot of places and I have typically had decent luck here. This location is better than some and not as good as others. I think it is probably hit or miss depending on what time of year and what time of day you come.It was during this visit that my friend and I realized we have been legal to drink for 20 years now but have had been "drinking" together since we were 15 or so(shshsh-don't tell my folks). I am a cheap drunk-or shall I say a lightweight. My friend ordered Vodka/Cranberry (aka-a Cape Cod) and I decided to join her but to make it a better vodka for both of us. The drinks were weak. Seriously weak. I am typically a 2 sip and buzzed gal and yes, I said something. Our waiter apologized, made sure my friend had extra goodies for her meal and for just a meager $2.00 extra, I added a shot (split between our cocktails) and voila, we were able to make a decent drink. Don't worry CF-I am sure I will be back though you are located in the same vicinity of nearly every chain restaurant. If only I could get Grandma to come here with me instead of Red Lobster...but CF doesn't do coupons!
3	You know, it's a Cheesecake Factory.  They're all the same as far as food, service, and layout.  Normally I give the chain a 4 based on food quality and good service, but this location is far more challenging to get into than others during busy times.  I gave it a three based on that.  Not their fault I guess, but we've wasted a lot of time waiting around for a table or even for to-go cheesecake.  We probably won't plan on going to this location again unless it's during the off hours.
5	Minimal wait time. Waitress was on top of her game. Keep checking on our drinks, kept bringing bread, and was friendly. Ordered fettuccini Alfredo and it was cooked perfectly. Not too hot so I was able to eat as soon as I got my plate. A bit pricey ($15) but good service
4	Went there the other night and have the steak Diane, an Asian pear martini and some kind of sweet corn cake appetizer. There food and service is usually very good and their menu covers pretty much any taste. There's no need to mention the cheese cake, it's excellent.
3	do not sit by the windows, you will be batting away flies the whole time!! We had to ask if we could move because it was so gross and annoying. Had the BBQ burger, it was ok. the sweet potato fries were fresh and crispy. Of course everyone comes for the cheesecake which is always amazing!
5	My boyfriend and I go here all the time! We like the buffalo chicken strips haha. It's always crowded because its delicious! I definitely recommend going here :)
3	I was pretty shocked to learn that my pasta dish contained over 2000 calories.  Other than that, the pasta was nothing to rejoice about.  Couldn't end a night at the Cheesecake Factory without a slice of cheesecake!
2	Very disappointed in our dinner tonight. Sure it was Mother's Day and crazy busy, but I do expect a clean table (there was dried, sticky food all over our table when we were seated). GROSS! The young man who came to clean it wasn't very happy to do so, so I took the washcloth from him and did it myself. My husband ordered the bang bang chicken & shrimp and said it had about 5 pieces of chicken & shrimp and he was not impressed with the flavor. I had the orange chicken which was served cold & sauce-less. Our bill was well over $100 and I'm sorry but I just expect better. On a more positive note, the kids meals were big and the Oreo cheesecake was rich & delicious (not as impressed with the banana cream though). Unsure at this point if we will return for more than desert.
4	What can I say i like this place, it isn't special. But I do love the Steak Dianne and Chicken Madiera...
3	If you're not familiar with the Cheesecake Factory, the name should imply that their menu is full of flavorful high-calorie offerings. But it may not imply so well that this place is rather expensive-- on the border of outlandishly.However, their menu is extremely robust, I don't think I can recall another restaurant with so many different things on their menu. Their cheesecake is outstanding, of course, but some of their other menu items can be hit or miss. (For example, their Buffalo Blasts are not as good as they sound, but everything else we tried was rather decent)It's a good place to go for a special occasion, I can't really say don't go-- but for the same (or less) money I can get higher quality at other places.
4	I love this place its got Morrocan Atmosphere and the food and service is very good! I love the variety of choices with a huge menu! They also have a Skinnylicious Menu if your trying to watch your calories. I had the Luau Salad and it was  Yummy with lots of ingrediants and very fresh tasting! They make excellent cocktails as well ! The passion ice tea is also very good!! They have amazing cheesecake choices as well.
4	Took parents here for Mother's Day. Fantastic food and service.
5	Being on a diet, I decided to try their skinnylicious menu.  All items on that menu are under 590 calories.  I tried the Lemon-Garlic Shrimp, served with angel hair pasta and asparagus.  It was wonderful.  There were 6 large shrimp cooked to perfection, the pasta and lemon garlic sauce was very good, not overpowering at all.  I was skeptical at first because when many restaurants try to create a diet friendly menu they almost always forget to keep the food with taste.  Not the case here, this was well done.  This was definitely helpful to my diet at mealtime, especially since I blew it having the pineapple upside down cheesecake for dessert.  Come one, who can go to the cheesecake factory and not have a piece of cheesecake.
5	I love cheese cake factory! This one has great service always very quick  I love their blueberry mojito
2	The white macadamia cheese cake was too rich and I did not have the taste I thought it would have, I guess it's best to stick with the vanilla bean.The guy at the Togo cheesecake counter is nice.
3	Went over there last night with a party of 22.  Sat out on the patio.  it couldn't have been a nicer evening for a company dinner.  Overall I would say the food was good.  The problem I have with this restaurant is actually their menu.  really, Mexican food, Italian food, American comfort food, Steaks, Fish, etc, etc etc.  It goes on and on.  Pick a style and go with it.As I said it seems as though most everyone was pleased with their order but it was really confusing making a decision.  Portion size unfortunately is solidly American style - WAY TO BIG!  I's no wonder we have a weight problem in the USA.Our server did an excellent job of taking care of us, although the kitchen runners tried to serve us the party next ours food twice.Overall I would go back but not the top of my list.Oh and yes the Cheese Cakes all were excellent!
4	My boyfriend and I were going to be in a completely different part of town that we live in, so naturally, I had to come to yelp to find an eatery that we could patron for lunch while waiting for my vehicle to be detailed.  I initially found a different place to go, but when we arrived there, it was dead and not at all our style of place to dine al fresco.  Thankfully, as we were in the Arrowhead area thus surrounded by various other locations, we had options, so ultimately we agreed on The Cheesecake Factory.  Now, I have to make mention that neither one of us is historically a 'fan' of this place and so therefore hadn't been in a very long time, and never together.  Regardless, we gave it a shot and I'm thrilled to report that we're very pleased that we did.  The overall experience, from greeting to ambiance to service and of course the food were all very good.  We definitely recommend this place for lunch and whenever we find ourselves in that area would absolutely keep them in mind to patron again.
1	It has been a while since I have been here to eat. I must say that it was very disappointing. Their soda machine broke, service was slow and for the first time the food was nothing special. You won't see me eating there any time soon.
5	Love this place! Always great food, always great service! My personal favorite, when I want to be fat, is the mac n cheese burger with sweet potato fries.
5	Love this place. Never get tired of it. Portions are hugeMenu is enormousFood tastes greatService is always excellentI cant ask for much more...
1	We sat a place in a circular room and the waiter there kept calling us boss which we don't like, and then someone closed the blinds when we wanted them open.  We told  David to close them, but it kept going up and down it was annoying.  We told him we were not happy, and then the manager comes and talks to another table to ask them how they are doing, what about us? The situation was bad, and when we asked the manager about it, she said that she wanted to get the table sat and really did not care about what other people thought basically.  Well avoid the place, they are more concern with filling tables than customer service.
3	Casual dining is going away and so is my love for Cheesecake.The food seems to be oversauced and over-condimented. Lettuce in salads never has that crispness and freshness I expect. Jambalaya and Gumbo are great, so are the sandwiches, but there are always waits and service is too scripted. Used to be a fan of the BBQ Chicken Salad, but it's faded out of glory. Oh and save room for a Cheesecake.
3	Ordered the steak diane,  came in four little steak pieces,  which I thought was weird, I've never seen a steak come out in anything other than one whole piece. I ordered it medium well, and the first, thickest piece I cut into was borderline medium rare. The other, thinner pieces were also medium. I told my waitress and she took my whole plate - mashed potatoes and shrimp scampi,  back to the kitchen. Meanwhile, my boyfriend finished his pasta meal. The steak finally came back and there were only 3 pieces of steak this time!  The thickest one was missing.  I complained to the manager, Stacy, who was very understanding and offered to get me another piece of steak. I declined because it really didn't matter at that point... She did give us a free dessert and the flavor of the sauce over the steak was good. Otherwise, I've always had good service and food here!
5	I love this place. Good service, great food, and dessert. My favorite is the Asian lettuce wrap. It comes with everything seperate,  and you build the wrap yourself. I love the sweet chili sauce that comes with it. I crave these constantly! The frozen peach raspberry drink is fabulous.  Pricey? A little. Spoil yourself with some cheesecake! I am determined to try them all at least once. Anyone who hates this place is crazy!
5	The best service/wait staff in conjunction with an excellent menu selection, truly better than all competitors on Bell Rd.
4	Tourist trap! Expensive but consistently good at providing a relaxing atmosphere and food to die for. Don't forget to grab your cheesecake on the way out. Not a slice, grab a hole cake.
4	I always like this place. The food quality is consistent and the service is worth a 20% gratuity. I enjoy loud restaurants that buzz, so Cheesecake delivers every time .Menu is overwhelming at times, so I find myself sticking to my faves, such as chicken potstickers, bathing in a sweet soy sauce and black toasted sesame seeds. Depending on our hunger level, farfella with chicken and roasted garlic is full of flavor and perfect to share....a little more hunger and we dig into the spicy cashew chicken over white rice. I would stay away from the burgers, nothing special there.It's a hit or miss if we order cheesecake, but when we do, it's usually the original cheesecake with strawberries....if the kids are with us, those chocolate lovers order the Godiva or red velvet cheesecake. Either way, they're all delish. If it's just the two of you and you don't want to wait 30+ minutes to be seated, ask to be seated at the bar or high tops...we usually get seated right away!
1	Food Poisoning:  I ate the "Factory Chopped Salad"  at Cheesecake Factory on March 19th.  I was violently ill that night.  The next day I had a fever of101 degrees.When I called to report this the manager, he seemed unconcerned.Be aware, unsanitary food handling techniques used in the kitchen cause cross-contamination resulting in food poisoning.
1	I went there for lunch on my twenty first birthday and the food was delicious, service not so much. I don't know if it is because I am young and she profiled us as going to leave a small tip but we even dropped it was my twenty first a couple times and not even a happy birthday was said. I have gone with friends previous years to other locations and had meals partially paid for and desserts free and I know your not suppose to expect and I wasn't but this felt like horrible service and I was disappointed.
2	Really really bad service. Slow, lots of mistakes. I'll do carry out in the future.Didn't bring out bread until asked twice, brought empty bottle of steak sauce, burger ordered medium well came out red with bun soaked in blood.
1	Could be the waitress I've had the last two times I've been here, but my general feeling is that this place is rarely worth the money. We went for dinner after a Spring Training game and our waitress had difficulty splitting a bill in half (she hand wrote the totals on the original receipts..?). Service was slow but it was late and we had drinks and a group so it wasn't an issue so much. Food was meh.Then I go in for lunch today, same waitress. I think "oh great, this should be an adventure" -- boy was I right. Took over an hour for 2 lunch portions and an appetizer for our table. Nothing complex, either (2 fish and chips and a baked artichoke). It seemed that the waitress had no concept of time -- likely because she was standing at the bar just inside talking to her coworkers while we burned up on the patio waiting for food. She also failed to bring out condiments we asked for -- I would have reminded her, but the next time we saw her, she was bringing the checks.I may not have cared so much if I wasn't on a lunch break, but when it's business lunch hour, you'd think the waitstaff would try to acknowledge that. $20 for lunch with slow service and average food is never worth it.Honestly don't think I'll be returning unless it's for cheesecake to go, which seems to be the only considerate service in the place.
3	Im going to update my review because I have had a few more visits under my belt. Dinner is definitely overpriced. And the menu is too long. They should focus on a smaller variety of foods. Entrees arent consistent. On my last visit my boyfriends dinner came out ten minutes after the rest of the table. The waiter didn't come back to check on him, and since someone else was taking care of our table for the first half of the dining experience, his food had cheese on it even though he asked for no cheese upon ordering. He needed more sauce, as his pasta was dry. Nobody to be found until everyone was finished eating. Too late to ask. A quick and insincere apology for the missing entre. Nothing taken off the bill, nothing else  offered. I always get the same thing, thai lettuce wraps. My chicken was tough and overcooked. A little dissapointed as this is my favorite dish ever. My moms favorite dish came out tasting funny. (Too tomato-y? Or maybe it didnt have enough tomato flavor? I dont remember but my sister got the same thing and said it tasted different as well). We ordered three cheesecakes which were fantastic as always. This is obviously the best part of the meal and the only thing my family comes for. Come for the cheesecake, not the dinners!
1	Very disappointed today. Service was slow. Waitress lied and told us it was b/c a party of 19 came in and the mgr later told us that was not the case. On top of it she also forgot to bring our bread to the table after we asked twice. She said it was baking. When we finally got it, it was cold. Another lie. My husband runs restaurants for a living and this was a sad experience. Food was good. Service sucked
2	Kobe Burger sucked, was over cooked water past well done. Dry and no flavor, ask for mayo to choke it down. 2 stars because my server was so nice. I would have paid for the meal but she took it off the bill. Cheesecake Factory is a high priced Applebees.
1	Years ago when I lived in Marina del Rey CA a Cheesecake Factory was near by and we went fairly often......it was excellent.  Went to the Peoria, AZ branch and had a terrible experience.  Opted to sit on the patio but they couldn't decide where to sit us and kept changing our table.  Finally sat us a table that was perfect and not under the sun....but a person came along and said it was being held for a party of 9, we were only 5.  They changed us again and that 9 group  showed with a party of 6.   The cutlery had to be sent back 3 times it was so dirty  The server was not too pleasant about this problem.  One of our party went to complain to the manager and so they gave us our desserts N/C........fine, but it didn't improve the service or other problems we had.We will never go back!  Too bad I couldn't give it "O" star.
2	We went there for our anniversary. I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service. However, the food was not at what we expected at all! We ordered the shrimp rolls which looked like there was shrimp in the roll but they cut it into what it looked like thirds or halves to make it look like there was more shrimp than there actually was. Also the rice paper kinda grossed us out. We had never had it before, it was very rubbery. Our entrees came out and my pasta was very bland and the orange chicken was something we could have made at home. Our drinks and cheesecake were the best part of our whole dinner. We were disappointed because we were hoping for a nice dinner for our anniversary.
4	The food is outstanding. I went here on a date and had awesome customer service. Very warm and welcoming. Place was very clean. And all the employees were dressed and groomed very well. Only gave it 4 stars because I asked for no mushrooms... pasta had mushrooms. Mushrooms are icky.
4	Even when they were crowded, they seated us quickly.  Our server was efficient and our food was typical Cheesecake Factory fare. We will be ordering dessert and plan to return the end of the month for Cheesecake Day.
5	There is no reason for me not to give this Cheesecake Factory 5 stars. There was nothing wrong with anything you look for in a dinning experience.- Seated quickly- Good and attentive service- Fantastic food for my wife and I- Reasonably priced- Great selection of food, dinks, and dessertsI wish I could remember our servers name but he was on point with everything. Gave us extra bread and kept the ice tea coming.The BBQ Chicken Pizza was very good, and the wife shrimp sandwich was fantastic! Lets never forget the classic strawberry cheesecake to top it off, and I already can't wait to go back.
5	Never been disappointed at this Cheesecake Factory,  the service is always great. I especially like the bread they bring while you wait for your food so fresh and yummy. I can't really tell you about any other dish other than the Chicken Madeira and the chicken alfredo, what can I say I love chicken.  The tropical tea is also really good tricks you into thinking its sweet so no sugar is reallw needed.
4	I've been here several times and realized I never wrote a review. Always a great experience!Staff is always friendly, upbeat, and helpful with suggestions (and not always suggesting the most expensive items either). Had to stop the last server from refilling my water glass. It was never less than half full.Big portions, very delicious, and great desserts...or is that an obvious comment? They lose a star 'cause it's a bit on the pricy side even with big servings.If they had Wi-Fi available in the bar area, I could work while enjoying an adult beverage and more.
3	We went there for their Cheesecake special - for two days - slices of cheesecake were  1/2 price.  People were ordering 5-10 slices and bringing them home.    I first went CF back in Woodland hills in 1992.  Now all these years later, I start off by ordering the cheesecake, then by the time I am ready to order, it's only a small appetizer of salad - sometimes shared.  You can't go wrong with a CF, but the menu is a mile long and the plates/portions are as big as your head.  They have great tasting cheesecake so definitely figure out how to save room to try them
5	NEW menu item - Mediterranean Flatbread Sandwich. Includes lean ground beef, marinated onions, tzatziki, feta cheese on warm flatbread. Four, 3-bite pieces are just enough to leave room for a few piping hot frites which also come with this meal. $12.95 is certainly reasonable.Highly recommend. Ask to be seated in Steven R's section. He's good.Oh, and maybe some cheese cake for desert. I'll work that off on Camelback Mountain tomorrow.
5	Fantastic food with great service...every time I ate here I have a great time....always enjoyed my food never had any issues
1	I was there with my family and a group of my mom's friends on Aug. 15, 2014.  We had a larger group (about 16, though our reservation was for 20).  We were there just after the lunchtime rush.  My sister, mom and another family member (with a sleeping 18-month old child) were about 20 minutes early.  I asked to be seated.  I live in Massachusetts and the heat was quite a change, I desperately wanted an iced tea or something to drink.  The Hostess told us that though most of the area for our group was ready, she couldn't seat us as it might upset other patrons having lunch.  She was afraid that if others from our group came, it might be too noisy.  This is a group of military retirees, not a group of high school kids.  After asking a second time, this time to the manager, we were seated about 10 minutes before our group and the reservation time.When it came time to order, we were broken up into groups on how we'd be paying.  I ordered the same thing I've gotten for years, Thai Chicken Lettuce Wraps (from the appetizer menu).  My mom and sister both ordered the same.  The waiter told us about a lunch special but I told him, "No, I prefer to make the wraps myself" (as did my sister and mom).  About 20 minutes later, food was delivered, only it wasn't what we ordered.  They sent the pre-made lunch menu wraps.  The waiter told us that it was what we ordered.  Ummm, "No, I distinctly told you the other wraps.  It's what we wanted and what we have always ordered in the past."  My sister wasn't willing to wait longer, she took what the waiter brought for her.  My mom and I sent the dishes back.  The waiter said our food would be out shortly.  So, 15 minutes later, out came the manager, apologizing and telling us food would be out soon.  He left the other two orders of wraps and said we could share them with the group, he said he didn't want to throw them out.  Okay, 30 more minutes and still no food.  Finally, as everyone was ready to order their desserts, I called over our waiter and cancelled our lunches.  I ordered a strawberry shortcake--which did come out.  I was thoroughly disappointed.  The discord was evident between the waiter and the manager (who we were told was brand new to the location).  The manager was polite, but the waiter gave us a disgruntled earful.  It was sad, my sister and I were only in town a very short time, this was supposed to be a fun outing, seeing old friends and having what should have been an enjoyable lunch.  Were this my only experience with The Cheesecake Factory, I would likely never return.  I do know that they are usually much better.
4	The Cheesecake Factory is an an amazing restaurant! There are so many choices with different types of food depending on what you are in the mood for! Try the s'mores cheesecake! It's delicious!!
2	Ok went Saturday at lunch time not to busy . We were seated quickly. That's when it all went wrong. The waitress was to busy talking to get our drink orders we waited about 8 minutes for her to quit talking to another employee to come over. We did get our drinks waited another 10 minutes  for her to come back and get our order. Everyone around us was given bread we had to ask twice before she remembered to bring it. Someone else brought out the food . It was good. But never got a refill or did she check to see of we needed anything else . Then when we she brought the check we ask about dessert she said u want it Togo . We said no then she was like oh ok . Then she dropped food on the floor and just kicked it out of the was hoping someone else would pick it up. Spook with manager on the way out he apologized.
1	Very disappointed with meal & service!  Shrimp over cooked & tough. Charged $2.95 for each ice tea which is outrageous then charged for refills.We definitely will not be back. The service was terrible.  Slow very slow
5	Busy night but still got sat within ten minutes at a nice booth for five. Server was friendly and attentive. All of us ladies enjoyed our food greatly and not one complaint was spoke, that's pretty good with five chics at a table. My chicken was tender and the cheesecake  was amazing. Definitely will be back! Best wings with blue cheese I've ever had as an appetizer!
2	been there a couple of times , desserts good , but the foods really not , ordered steak diane and scampi last night , got 4 little less than bite size pieces of steak , normally steak diane is a small piece of steak , maybe they were just helping by cutting my meat for be , but when you cook little bite size pieces how can it be cooked medium rare , the shrimp scampi was 3 breaded fried shrimp with a sause , you know desserts good , ray
4	Stopped in for dinner last night, and we were quickly seated. Standard decor inside/out. We were able to enjoy patio seating which is still warm enough to enjoy in late November with the heaters. Service was outstanding!! I love their macaroni and cheese ball appetizer, so I get it as a meal. We got a loaded baked potato tot app to share, it was tasty and under $6! All there food is priced a little higher than most, but I think it's still fair. Love the endless bread!! And the strawberry lemonade, despite it being rediculously sweet, is also a must.  Be sure to stop in for lunch - their pizza and salad deals are the best. I do not recommend getting their burgers. They taste burned around the edges (charbroiled I suppose) no matter how you ask for them to be cooked. My husband also doesn't like their new fries.
4	I really enjoyed my meal at Cheesecake factory. I suggest getting the chicken littles. They are tasty. 3 of us ordered them, and we all were very happy with our meal. We also ordered the fried cheese. It was smaller than we had expected. The server was very friendly and attentive. The bread was burned, but she quickly exchanged it out for us. I'll definitely be back.
4	I happened to get $50 in gift certificates at a lucky christmas party for the company this year so we decided to go on sat at 530 pm. It was very packed but we were seated promptly as we wanted to sit outside cause the weather was so nice! Our server was very knowledgeable pf the whole menu which in my opinion seems impossible lol. He was very patient and was great at refilling our drinks and getting us whatever we wanted. As the food goes it was pretty expensive but overall worth the price. We ordered the following 1) pretzel crusted chicken . A little sampler that was very moist and delicious and came with sauces to dip in YUM2) Deep fried cheese . Little triangles of deep fried mozzarella . They didnt skimp on the cheese inside :)3) Loaded bake potato soup. Enough said lol4) Dynamite shrimp . This one I didnt care for it was small shrimp with breading and a "spicy" sauce which wasn't spicy at all and tasted like chipotle sauce5) spicy chicken chipotle pasta. Which again wasn't spicy but was good. Not Great. It sounded better on the description on menu.
4	Great place for dinners for a date/families. Friendly employees great food and delicious cheesecake.
3	This place was just what i have expected. The food was ok, for sure not worth the price that we have paid. I ordered a bowl of pasta that cost me $17.50. Just pasta with sun dried tomatoes. Too much. Service was just ok as well...They were semi-busy so the server was bouncing of the walls like he had 100 tables. I am not saying it is bad place to go to if you like heavy food that all tastes the same.
3	The food is average for the price. I would probably only go for the cheesecake next time. It is a bit pricey for what you get. The wings are not great. It was very busy so the service was slow but understandably with the crowd. It does have nice patio seating there.
1	Average to poor food. I've had orange chicken, a salad, and chicken enchiladas. They all sucked. They all cost more then they should have.
1	With a group of friends,we went a few days before christmas. Food was great, A+ !!! Me and my neice ordered a main course while everyone else had appetizers only. We told the waitress that. She would not take our 2orders until everyone else was finished eating. We sat with nothing.Only then she took our 2orders while everyone else was done.Waiting another 45 to 50 mins to get our 2dinners and eat while the rest of our group had been finished for over an hour. I thought this to be quite ridiculous.  Food was GREAT but our waitress was a different story. She did NOT get a tip from any of us. On the way out the manager said "oh we're sorry". None of us will be returning.
