5	U have to go  hear  real nice place and the food is amazing and when u go In ask for Vivian she is the Icing on the cake to this place
5	I love their rice plates!! The chef also adds a little artistic touch to the food too!
5	I'm actually excited that there's another Vietnamese restaurant in our area. The dishes are a little more expensive then most typical vietnamese restaurant prices, but  they are well crafted (artistic, you can tell the chef takes his job seriously) and quality is above your typical vietnamese restaurants. I would definitely recommend this place over the closest competitor Jenni Pho.
5	New favorite pho spot. Bf and I came last here to get our pho fix. We found out about rainbow pho express through yelp, n decided to give it a try. Place opened 3 weeks ago, so it does not get too crowded. I had the pho Thai chin, was good. Will def come back again!
3	Rainbow Pho Express has great food, Pho Show!  A relative introduced this place to my wife, Nikki and I.  It's tucked away next to a burger joint, Cheeburger Cheebruger.  Anyhow, when we got inside it was clean and very nice looking.....but, was the food going to add up to our Chinatown staple, Pho Kim Long? We started out with coconut juice which was a nice treat.  After slurping down the juice you can eat the coconut meat inside.  My wife and I split the Pho Tai w/ rare steak and it was a pretty par price of $6.99.  It was delicious!  Nikki's uncle got the No. 38 Com Dia which was $9.99.  For the price it was a really good deal.  Kind of a combination plate with 1 marinated beef bbq stick, grilled shrimp stick, egg roll, fried rice, noodles, salad, and a mini pho soup.  I think I'm going to have to get that next time.  I tried a couple pieces of the marinated beef and it was sooooo good.  However, the service needed some work.  Are server was attentive and was really pleasant.  However, at the end of our meal Nikki's uncle notice on the check that they did not charge us for the coconut juice.  Being the good samaritan he is, he told them.  They ended up charging us $15 total for all 3!  We asked them why.  Because on the menu it said they were $2.50 each ($7.50 for 3).  They said that there were two different kinds: juice in the can $2.50 and juice in the coconut $3.50.  But, even if we paid the $3.50 they were over charging us.  Anyhow, they felt bad and explained there were discrepancies in the menu.  I think they have discrepancies in their math.  I would give Rainbow Pho Express a 5 for their food!  It was so good that I wanted to go back the next day.  But, their service brought it down a couple notches.  I would say that from my first visit I would rate this place a 3.  I'll change my review after a couple more time and I wish the best for this business!
4	By far the best Viet place on the SW side of town crushing all the competition on Rainbow.  The biggest downside was the wait but we came in when they were slammed (which is a good sign).  The service was good and the food made up for the wait.I really enjoyed the pho broth.  Many of the other broth's on Spring Mtn aren't memorable or taste extremely watered down but this broth was rich in flavor and had a sweetness to it.  If you find the broth a little sweet, balance it with the siracha or red chili paste.In addition to the pho, we got the standard shrimp spring roll.  They were made fresh and the presentation was probably the best i've ever seen, cut up diagonal and standing up with garnish.The Ca Kho To (Clay pot Fish) had damm good bold flavor.  Portion wise it was smaller than what I'm used to but taste was spot on and ate it all up with the rice.  For those who haven't tried it, there's alot of bones, which is standard for the dish.  Just be careful. I thought it was really good.They serve Bo Luc Lac (shaking beef) and many other Vietnamese traditional favorites. I'll be back for sure...just be a little patient if they're busy.  4.5 stars.
3	so... for express.. it's very slow.  we aren't rude at all and realized that there were not enough waitresses to accommodate everyone in express mode, so we chilled and chit chatted.  the decor is nice... very clean, but it is still very new.  it's very small, but I always find the smallest places serve the best food! we walk in and they were friendly.  small as it was, the waitress took awhile to even give us water.  [i guess im just used to someone giving us water right when we come in at other joints.]so I turn around to try and wave one of the two waitresses down to let them know we're ready after about 10 minutes... and she comes to our table to let us know that it will only be a few more minutes.  she apologizes.  1st timers so we're forgiving.. we finally order & the food came out quickly.  but!  they forgot my husbands soup.  so again, another 10 minutes go by & my husband finally gets a hold of the waitress & she apologizes again & grabs his soup. my order: seafood noodle: MORE seafood please!  a little skimp with the fillers but there is plenty of broth & noodles.  the broth is really good though!  but it needs more shrimp, squid... maybe some fish? kids: shrimp, bbq, & shredded pork plate & beef noodle soup... both of which the kids said were very good.the food is really good.. service on the other hand... is questionable.  we only got 1 serving of water & when we asked for our check she finally realizes that we didn't have water... another apology.maybe another waitress? idk... but all in all the food is very good!
5	Oh yum! I haven't had really good pho in a long time! New favorite place! AND really good service =)
4	I've been here on several occasions and can't get enough of their rare steak pho!  A+!  The soup always comes out piping hot and the flavor is a perfect balance - not too cilantro-y (which i prefer), mild, but still very flavorful.  They also give you a nice amount for just 6.99.  I've had their pho dine in and take out and its consistently good.Their rice plates are good too.  I always get this one with pork bbq and it come's with an eggroll, shrimp skewer, soup, and rice (I don't know the real names of the dishes, lol).  Their bbq sticks are REAL good.  Their shrimp sticks are real bad (really needs seasoning or something!).  Its not really a deal breaker or anything since all their other food is pretty solid.I also love getting their fresh coconut juice.  I've gotten is 3 times already.  Twice the coconut was hard, so I couldn't get to enjoy scraping the meat off... but once, it was perfect and had a helluva time eating the coconut meat.Service is pretty OK.  It's sort of different every time I've been.  Really great to just whatever.  Got the check wrong once, but it was quickly fixed.Since this joint is so close to us, it will definitely continue to be our go to Vietnamese spot!
4	Amazing pho broth, I've had almost every pho place around town and pho so 1 always had the best broth but now that they have gotten so popular, the quality has downgraded. And pho saigon 8 is just too far. Around southwest there's bamboo bistro and jenni pho, but rainbow pho is still 10 times better! Authentic, I've been to Vietnam and have experienced real pho, so I kind of know what authentic pho  tastes like. Definitely recommend the pho tai and bun bi cha thit nuong. Oh and their goi cuon which are the shrimp spring rolls. The spring rolls are made very pretty, super creative. Can't wait to come back again! I'm sure their other food are good too :) They're opening a drive-thru soon!
4	I base my pho experience off how good the broth is. I've been here once but I was congested and I don't think I was tasting it totally since other reviewers are raving about the broth. Still, it's 3 mins from my house and they are supposedly putting in a drive thru. Can you say AWESOME?!I'll give it another shot and if it turns out better I'll update my review to 5 stars.
4	Finally, a great Vietnamese restaurant option in the Southwest. I came here this evening with my fella and two of our good friends. We arrived and the place was incredibly busy for a Sunday evening. That always bodes well for me. We were seated promptly and our drink orders were taken. The ambiance is very nice and clean. The decor is modern and nice. I wasn't in the mood for pho, so I opted for the grilled pork and eggroll bun. My fella ordered the same, minus the eggroll. Our dining companions started with the eggroll appetizer and tried the chicken pho and a fried noodle dish. Our food came out very quickly and we were all pleasantly surprised by the enormous portions. The flavors were great and I really enjoyed everything about my bowl. Great flavors, large quantity of noodles, protein, eggrolls and veggies. Definitely worth of the prices listed. Everyone was incredibly happy with their meals and we discussed in length how happy we all were with our meal. Our drinks were never left empty for long, even though we stayed at our table for quite some time.They didn't bring most of us chopsticks, but I'll definitely have to make sure to ask for some next time I'm there. They have food for take-out and they are also in the process of installing a drive-thru so that will be great for picking up food on my way home from work from time to time. I look forward to my next visit here and trying more items off their menu.
4	Pho in the SW worthy of Spring Mountain.As a long time eater of Vietnamese food. I'm a self-proclaimed pho expert. I like to eat it and I like to make it. You can't hide bad pho. But good pho speaks for itself. Who would expect some of the best pho in Vegas to be located next to a Cheeburger Cheeburger AND have a drive-thru?BROTH: Pho places that serve watered down broth should be ashamed of themselves. The broth is the vessel that brings together all the ingredients. The noodles, meats, and veggies unite in harmony to form the perfect Vietnamese comfort food. Rainbow broth is served piping hot and the flavor is on the stronger side. The balance of spices is perfect. NOODLES: Nothing kills a bowl like a bed of mushy noodles. My noodles were served with just the perfect amount of bite. Not undercooked and not over.MEAT: Exceptional! Equal to the slices and cuts of meats that I get at Pho So 1. This is a factor that too many places skimp on. The tai is served rare, you think we're not gonna know if the meat is funky and you're using odd cuts of beef? VARIETY: There are the usual rice and noodle dishes. And I saw a couple chinese-inspired plates as well. As an app, I went with the Vietnamese egg rolls. They were amazing! I like them big and long.... (get your mind out of the gutter) If you've ever received a plate of skinny egg rolls, you know what I mean. SERVICE: There were a few employees. They were all eating at one of the tables. Although this is unorthodox, its a privately-owned joint by Asian people. They never do things by the book. They were attentive, made good suggestions, and were overall pretty nice! Its probably a good thing to see them actually eat the food they serve up.Although prices are $1-$2 higher than what you would find on Spring Mountain, what I lose in my wallet I gain in convenience. Rainbow is just down the street from mi casa and I will continue to return! Plus, unlike Jenni Pho, Rainbow has quality and takes cards.
5	New undiscovered gem on S. Rainbow just pass Smith shopping center right next to Cheeburger Cheeburger. This place is going to give J**nni Pho up the street and Vietnamese restaurant on Spring Mt a run for their money, figuratively and literally speaking. Awesome food, great atmosphere, clean and friendly service. Especially our waitress Annie. Highly recommended. Definitely worthy of a try and I'm sure you'll be glad you did because you'll be back for more as we will. P.S. They have Drive Thru too. ;-)
1	I was here with my husband.  We order a banh cuon ( rice roll plater), after 20 min later, one of the waitress came back  and told us that they don't have it ready to serve although it's on the menu.  She recommended to order pho instead.  We thought that we should try it anyway but there isnt any flavor at all. We regret to come here.  They re very unprofessional and their service was suck. I will not come back here or recommend anyone to try it.  Horrible!  P.S they even over charged us! But we caught it.
5	I am from Los Angeles and visiting friends in Las Vegas, and they brought me to this Vietnamese restaurant that's way outside of the typical Chinatown.  Rainbow Pho Express is located in the corner of a strip center that even has a drive-thru.  The restaurant looks fairly new, appropriately decorated, and the staffs were quite friendly.  However, the gem was hidden in that bowl of Pho.  In order to give a good contrast to this review, one has to understand that there are plenty of good Pho places in LA, so Rainbow Pho Express landing number one on my favorite Vietnamese restaurant is a serious matter.  Now back to the actual review, I ordered the Pho Special, the bowl landed in front of me, and the fragant smell of that broth must required hours of simmering.  The noodle was cooked to al-dente, which won't be all soggy and soft by the time you finish the entire bowl.  The meat was fresh as the taste of the beef still lingers. I also had a cup of their coffee, and this is the kind of coffee to ensure you will be awake on the drive back to LA kind of caffine dose. My friend ordered the prawns which was served in a mini clay pot, it's not for the light palates, because the sauce is heavily flavored, but of course that's why they bring you a place of rice!   Watch out, Vegas, finally healthier options are available at the drive-thru replacing the typical "2000 calorie burger"!!! Dear Rainbow Pho:Please notify in advance if you are opening in LA!
4	Finally Pho that's decent and not located in Chinatown! And it has a drive-thru, who knew! Anyways we just happened to try this place on a whim as we were about to step into Cheeburger, Cheeburger and glad we tried it. Walked in and we were quickly seated as it was a slow night. We started off our dining experience with the pot stickers which were decent but the sauce was bland. Then we each ordered our bowls of Pho - I ordered the rare beef & brisket and WOW these bowls were huge! The broth was darker than you see at most places so you expect it to be packed with flavor. This certainly did not disappoint. Great fusion of flavor with all the ingredients. The meat was tender and actually tasted like real meat. As others mentioned, the noodles were cooked perfectly and were not mushy. Their iced Thai tea was good but a little pricey ($3.50) for the small glass they give you.Overall the dining experience was great. The staff was quick and always checked on us. The pros compared to Jenni Pho is that they take debit cards. So if you don't want to make the trek to Chinatown and live in the SW, try this place. Another thing is that they have a separate menu for the drive-thru so they do give you options.
5	Bun Thit Nuong ( a Huge bowl of cold rice vermicelli with bbq pork mixed with fresh sliced lettuces) is really good here comparing to the Vietnamese restaurants in Chinatown.  It's really a simple Vietnamese dish but they made it super good..............it's because of the delicious flavored BBQ pork.   Overall was a great experience, had a good starter on some good egg rolls as other recommended. And end with a fresh coconut jello as the waitress recommended. I m impressed of the food & service, would  definitely go back to try their Pho next time i m here!!
3	the pho was really really really bland. I even gave them a second chance today. Fail. their service is not that great either. Oh well. BUT! their BBQ meats are so darn good!!!! love love love those dishes!!!! Will definitely come back for those!
2	No no no. This place is all wrong. 4.5 stars?! Really?!!1 star for their awesome drive thru. 1 star for their awesome service. And that's where the stars stop. I hated my pho. Wait, I'm sorry, hate is a strong word, I disliked my pho. A lot. It had a sweet broth and was just all wrong. Sure they give you a big portion for about $7, but as we all over use this phrase, quality over quantity! I got the rare steak and brisket pho and my brisket was so fatty. It was more like flank than brisket. I tried to spice my broth with basil, sriracha, lime juice, anything that would alter the broth a little, but it just didn't work. Sheer disappointment. I had bites from my girlfriend's vermicelli and crispy noodles and nothing sparked. My girlfriend's crispy noodle with gravy was so salty. I couldn't even go in for a second bite. Why this place is rated so high? Beats me. They were so highly praised at the nail salon we were getting our nails done at earlier that day, so we thought, these Asians have to know what's up! Nope, they definitely steered us wrong.
5	AWESOME!!! This place is wonderful! GREAT FOOD and GREAT SERVICE! We had the spring rolls (nice presentation)Pork chop (Flavorful marination) and Bun Bo Hue (very tasteful and meat tender!) overall this place deserves a 5 star! Will definitely recommend and return:)
5	Without a doubt the best phockin pho in the SW neighborhood.  Their broth is consistently fresh and delicious.  The ingredients are fresh and they give a generous  amount of thai basil.  They have a nice variety on the menu, but my favorite is the #14 Special Rainbow Pho and the egg rolls.  The egg rolls come with fresh mint, which is so good.  The service is fast & efficient.  I almost always do carry out, but if you do eat in, their chili garlic sauce is fantastic.  It's the lighter red sauce of the 2 jars on the table.  They have a drive thru, but I recommend calling ahead and when you go to pick up give them a call to let them know that you are at the window to pick up.  If you're sick or suffering from a hang over, this is a must have.
4	Better than jenni pho by a mile, not as good as pho so 1 or pho Kim long. Bunh bo hue was a bit thin,and lacking in flavor almost watered Down and a bit skimpy on meat, pho broth was good. Both very good sized portions. Tea was good.  very clean place, clean restroom, server was nice but dishes brought out at different times about 10 min apart, so she had to watch me eat for a bit.
4	Good food and price but bun bo hue was a bit thin and watery
1	No pho at 930 are you kidding me? Thanks for the nice trip from the strip. Forget my friends favorable reviews. They said "sorry" but they obviously didn't care about customer service and they just wanted to get me out the door. Remember that everyone dont expect Soup one hour before closing!!!they have been trying to get me to remove this but why should I? Would you be mad if they were out of soup ???lol**************************UPDATE2/16/13. they are out of business obviously they "ran out of soup" too many times! hhahahaha
5	This is simply the best in the SW.  It is not a stream-lined Pho house like Jenny Pho just up the street, but full menu Vietnamese restaurant that has an attached drive-thru!  I think that if you stick just with Pho soup, you are missing out on what this place has to offer!  About as authentic as it gets outside of China Town.
2	Hmm... I must have gone here on an off day or something. My husband and I tried this place a few days after their grand opening. I was excited because no one had written a review yet. I've held off on writing a review because I didn't want to bash a brand new restaurant.When we walked in, the servers were very nice and polite. The interior is modern and simple. It looked like they had a lot of items on the menu but I was there for one thing... Pho.We ordered some spring rolls to start. The presentation was artfully done. Unfortunately they weren't that flavorful.I ordered a bowl of pho and to my dismay, it was really bland. The broth pretty much makes or breaks the dish and it was a total fail to me. It's been a while since I went so I'm hoping they have improved since their grand opening. The service is very good so that is a definite plus. I'll stick to the Vietnamese places on Spring Mountain.
3	Love that it is so close to my house but food was ok.Fresh Spring Rolls were very presentable & the peanut sauce was pretty good.Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio -  the vermicelli noodles were the thick kind. It didn't absorb the fish sauce well, leaving it bland. I had to make sure each bite was with meat for flavor but there were too much noodles and not enough meat.Che Ba Mau had potential but the red beans were undercooked. However,  they do serve this with shaved ice which is a plus.
4	Phobulous! I judge a good Vietnamese place on two criterias. Quality of meat, and temperature of the vermicelli noodles in the Bun Thit Nuong. Rainbow Pho Express passes with high marks in these departments. So why only 4 stars? The portions are off and I know my fellow Viets will be disappointed with the meat ration here. One skewer of meat for Bun Thit Nuong?? That's a tease for any carnivore. As for the egg rolls, the filling is as close to being authentic as Vegas gets but I wish they used a thinner crispier rice paper vs the chinese-egg roll rice paper. Overall I can't see myself traveling this far for a Vietnamese joint, but I will keep this place in the back of my mind whenever I'm in the area.
4	The only thing I order at a Vietnamese restaurant is Pho. I always get whatever dish has the soft tendons. This place gives you a good hearty chunk of tendon, unlike some other places located on Spring Mountain Road, their tendon is soft and edible. In terms of the broth, at first, I didn't love it. It was not the exact flavor I was used to, but it was still delicious. The KEY thing I love about this place is that everything seems fresh. No matter what time of day I go, the sprouts and leaves are always fresh, but that's not the case at most places. There have been a couple times on SMR where I asked for fresh sprouts because the ones they brought out weren't crisp. Don't get me wrong, they were still "fresh" in the sense they weren't wilting, but I love my freshness to my vegetables. And the food always come out steaming hot (of course, they all do at all places).In terms of spring rolls, I got it there once. I don't think I've ever enjoyed a spring roll from any restaurant. They're always on the dry side and not much to it than rice noodles, skimpy shrimp, a few shreds of vegetable.Not for groups, I think there's only one booth that can fit more than 4 people.
4	I've been here four or five times now and nothing has changed my mind. This is easily the best Vietnamese restaurant in the southwest area. It also happens to be the closest to my house.The combination (or "special") pho is a good deal. I'm not talking monetarily. It has a generous amount of rare steak, tripe, and tendon. (It also has other meat, but those are my favorites). I like the lower and wider bowl that they use. It really lets me get to every last morsel. And the broth is so good that I slurped it all up yesterday. I was completely full, but they gave me a free mung bean dessert that was delicious and really hit the spot.I've also tried their bun bo hue and the clay pot fish dish. Their BBH doesn't compare to Bosa 1, but I think my short-lived BBH phase has passed anyway. The clay pot fish was yummy, though a tad salty. I also love how they serve their spring rolls with a vertical presentation--you don't see that at other places.It's hard to say that RPE is as good as it gets, but I'm most definitely a fan. Oh and they have a drive-thru, which I have not tried. I'd rather dine in.4.5 stars
5	I can't judge how the pho was at this place becuz I didn't try it. But I can tell you, their rice dishes are to die for!!They are very generous with their portions. $8-$10 for their rice dishes and you seriously get a huge square plate with loads of food. You can even share between 2 people and you both will be full. Place is very new and clean and it even has a drive thru. The service is actually good here as compared to other Asian places. The only downside I think is their drink prices. It was $3.50 for most of the specialty drinks, but the sizes are kind of small. But I guess they have to make money somewhere since they make their food portions so big.
4	Good tasting pho! Bigger portion than Jenny's. Service a little slow but maybe because we got in less than an hour before closing. Will definitely come back and try their plate menu. My new pho favorite!!
4	Good pho. Jenni pho was my spot in SW what's, but they went down a bit. The waitress that used to work at jenni pho is now at pho rainbow express. She had choice words for her former employer. As for the food, this place is good. Broth is good, really good. Place is clean. Only negative is the meat is cut huge n very hard to eat. If the meats in their pho dac biet was smaller n easier to eat if give it 5 stars.
5	This pace is the Bomb when it comes to Pho soup.  The service is great and you can see the cooks prepping your food.  The Pho soup has a great taste to it.  Jenny Pho used to be my spot but after trying Rainbow Pho we never looked back.
3	I can't say that I loved this place. This pho place is located in a small strip mall off the strip someplace on Rainbow. My group all was craving pho especially me because I was hungover. There is plenty of parking in the lot. The place was pretty busy when my group of 6 went in. The owners quickly pushed a few tables together to seat our "large" group. After a little while we all knew what we wanted to order. I have to say for pho, this place was slightly expensive but maybe that's comparing it to westminster or garden grove prices? I ordered the Pho Tai, pho with rare beef slices because I do not eat intestines or tendon whatever the usual Pho is.One of the few drawbacks of this place is the slow service. I have to say it TOOK FOREVER for our PHO to come out. None of this was helpful especially since I was HUNGOVER. When our food finally came out, it was pretty good. It was a little disappointing because 2 of my friends ordered theirs without any cilantro in it. But low and behold, both their pho soups had TONS of cilantro in it. Another thing that confused me was their confusion over the check. I wanted to pay for 2 phos and some eggrolls and it took the cashier 10 minutes to calculate that off the entire check. Other than that it was pretty decent. Not the best Pho...but not the worst. Would I come here again? Maybe if I was staying at my friend's house again.
5	Even thou I love far from this place i still make the comute just to eat here.. I love how cheap the food is and how good it is! I would suggest starting with the fresh vietnamese egg rolls and the regular fried egg rolls, normally i would order the pork, and it comes in this HUGE portion. You ultimately get your bucks worth. I highly suggest this place. Also recommend their latte very strong and will wake you up!
1	Come on Rainbow Pho; I've grown to expect more of you.  This is the 3rd time in a month that you've totally messed up my to-go order.  Got home to discover I was charged for the eggrolls, but not included.  Went back to get the eggrolls.  Had to wait a while.  Got home and opened the box to find no dipping sauce was included and you gave me rotten mint with half of the leaves blackened.  No chopsticks either.  So not cool.This was the final straw.  I won't be returning.
1	It should not be called "rainbow pho express", instead it should be called "Pho Slow".The service was horrible!  Very slow service and they bring food in your table that you did not order, and the food that we ordered took so long to arrive.
1	The first time I came here, I recognized the lady working the counter was the lady who worked at Jenni Pho.  I can't comment on the pho as my favorite dish is the dried vermicelli salad.  I also ordered their 3-bean dessert.  It was a good first experience which deemed for a second trip.My second visit was not as good.  Because It was a work day, I decided to use the drive through, however when I got to the drive through there was a sign that said "come inside to see the menu" or something in that effect.  I ordered take out once again, and this time I wanted something quick and easy like the beef chow fun.  First, as I am ordering, people were leaving and decided to have a conversation with the lady taking my order.  They continue to have a conversation like I wasn't even there.  I place my order then wait, and wait, and wait, and wait...20 minutes later, I ask the girl at the counter playing on her laptop, playing music, and watching music videos "how long does it take to make chow fun."  I don't think she understood English cause she looked confused.  I also asked the lady that took my order when the chow fun was going to be done.  All they can tell me was, "it's coming, it's coming."  When the cook finally started cooking my chow fun, it took them 5 minutes to cook and pack my order.  And by the way, I was the only customer at the time and the chow fun was just okay, nothing to rave about.  This experience is enough for me to not return to Rainbow Pho Express.  The service is terrible!
3	The food here is absolutely amazing. The service, however, is DREADFUL if you're non-Vietnamese speaking.My boyfriend and I live in the complex of houses right behind this place, so we go here often. Every time we've gone, the service has been terribly slow. There is a male waiter there who barely speaks any English, and we can tell he is hesitant to talk to us because he can't understand 75% of what we're saying. He will often sit at one of the tables watching TV without bothering to help us.They frequently mess up our orders, as well. We usually order the spring rolls and ask for NO MINT. I'd say we've probably ordered this appetizer roughly 7 times, and they've only remembered to take the mint out twice. The aforementioned male waiter there didn't understand us at all when we tried to explain we didn't want any mint leaves in our spring rolls. I also asked him where the bathrooms were once. He had no idea what I was saying. You'd think he'd at least learn the word "bathroom", it's a pretty important word.When they take our drink orders, we usually just ask for water. They've never actually gotten the water for us on the first try, we  have to wait for someone to walk by and ask, "Can we have our water now?" before they bother getting it for us.Ordering for pickup has been an unpleasant experience, as well. We often order the lemon-grass chicken dinner and it's supposed to come with rice and a small soup. Twice we ordered this for pickup and when we got home, there was no soup. Finally the third time we ordered this meal for pickup, I checked the take-out bag in advance. Sure enough, there was no soup. I said, "Excuse me, but doesn't this meal come with soup?" and the girl working there asked, "You want soup?" as if I was making a special request. It's like...yeah, I want the soup, it's supposed to COME with my meal.Of course, I've noticed Vietnamese families walk in and they get great service. The wait staff will stand there for several minutes talking and laughing with them. I understand it's natural to seek kinship with people who speak your native tongue, but this establishment isn't located in a predominantly Vietnamese-speaking area. In fact I'd say most people in this area are white or Hispanic. It's just downright rude to show natural favoritism towards one group or another. It's especially annoying because I've been coming here at least twice a week since they opened and they still act like I'm a complete stranger every time I come in. Come on Rainbow Pho, do all white people really all look the same to you?The only reason we tolerate the crap service is because the food is just so good. Their lemon grass chicken and peppered beef dinners are to die for. Their pho is so-so, but with enough added chili sauce it's also extremely good. Their chicken curry soup is also amazing. I'm deeply saddened that their food is so mind numbingly great but their service is so terribly bad. I almost wish the food was sub-par so I had an excuse to stop coming here.
1	When this place first opened they were great.  Now they can't get an order right to save their life.  Just avoid.
4	It is a good local pho restaurant. Everything we have had so far was very good. I like the broth to be a little less fatty, however, it does taste good. Since we live in SW, it is great to have a decent pho restaurant there so that we do not need to drive all the way to China town. The Bum is very fresh and yummy!!
2	The service was OK, not too slow as some of the reviewers had mentioned. But I went there early on a weekday, before the dinner crowd hits. By the time we left around 8 the whole restaurant was packed.I got the well done pho with steak and tendon, $6.99. The bowl is huge, lots of noodles, but not enough beef. The tendon tasted funny though, kind of stinky, I think they just not prepared it well enough. And the most important part was the broth, which is very sweet. The waitress gave us couple complimentary sweet rice desserts, which was nice. But as far as flavor, it's definitely lacking and not comparable to the other Pho joints in Chinatown.
5	I absolutly love this place! I honestly think its better then Pho Kim Long and better then Bamboo Bistro. Broth is so delicious! yum yum yum I always get special combination!
4	Service - Kind of hit or miss. No big incidents as far as I remembered.Food - Flavorful I will say. Right sized servings (not too big or small). Pho broth is not salty but still retains goof flavor. They do not skimp out on herbs for your pho.Price - Reasonable.I am taking a star out because they close at 10PM. If this place closed at 12MN, easy 5 stars for me.Had breakfast here today. Got number 13 pho, spring rolls, and hot vietnamese coffee (very strong drip coffee with condensed milk. need a caffeine fix? try this.)I will have to agree with one of the previous reviews... comparing Jenni Pho and this spot, Jenni's flavor/quality somehow went down... Or this place is WAAAAYYY better.
2	All I know is that I was definitely not shitn' rainbows!  JeniPHO is our normal southwest Pho spot, but because they only accept cash when we only had debit, we hit up Rainbow.  We step in the restaurant and to my surprise, it looks a hellofalot smaller than how it looks from the outside.. somewhat of a hallway with two rows of booths and tables... but that was not the problem.  We walk in with no one to greet myself and my party.  We stand around for about 10 minutes wondering if we were supposed to seat ourselves or wait to be seated.  Finally a waitress steps out of the kitchen to take orders from already seated customers.  I try to make eye contact with her and wave her down but then she rushes back inside the kitchen.  Another 10 minutes or so have passed and just about the time we were ready to walk out, the same waitress rushes back from the kitchen, makes eye contact with me and without a smile, a hello or a welcome, she points us to our table.. mind you she was across the hallway.  We walk to our table and find that it had not been reset from the prior customers.  A gentleman busts through the kitchen door and clears the table.  The waitress then approaches us and throws us our menus without again eye contact,  a smile, a "hello" or even a "Welcome to Rainbow Pho".  Where's the decency?!!  We end up ordering Eggrolls for the appetizer, the traditional Steak Pho, Curry Noodle Soup and a Thai Iced Coffee.  30 minutes pass by and our food has yet to be served.. i mean.. how long does it take to stew up some beef broth and raw meat?  Let alone fry up four eggrolls?  The waiter comes out with two large cokes wherein I inform him that it was not part of our order.  He apologizes and says he is giving us free cokes because he realizes our order is taking so long.  First of all, we don't drink much coke, second, they were large cokes and third.. i still haven't received my iced coffee!  Another 10 minutes ensue with stomachs ready and waiting.  Our first order comes out and suprise!! ..its Pho!! ..but wait.. no appetizer?  Isn't the appetizers main purpose is to appetize before the main course?  The rolls finally come out and the Curry Soup slowly follows it.. still no iced coffee.  The Pho and the eggrolls were tastey, the Curry Soup however was very bland.  I had to throw in about 5 lime wedges, jalapenos and hoison sauce in the mix for me to actually enjoy the soup.  Oh yeah, the iced coffee finally arrived to its destination and it was probably the best item I've ordered.  I think they should've at least comp'd the coffee. Other than that, I wasted about an hour of my life on waiting and poor customer service.  I would've rather sold that hour of my life to the devil in exchange for some Cheeburger.  One and done.
5	I'm giving this place 5 stars compared to it's competitor, Jenni Pho, down the street.  I've eaten at the other place a few times, and both times I never completely enjoyed my Pho.  Broth there was never flavorful, and for me the broth is a big deal.  Customer service is decent, like any small asian restaurant.  In all honesty, you're not going to get the best service ever from these kinds of places.  I've worked in big chain restaurants before, so I'm not expecting anymore from a Pho place than just good food.  I've eaten at many other Pho places before, so to help Rainbow Express out I've gotten my menus just brought to me on my table with no eye contact or so from other places; but each time I've come here they've always greeted me.  They take debit/credit which makes sense in this day and age.  I could never understand restaurants that take ONLY CASH.  Restaurant itself isn't very big.  Like another reviewer said it's just one row of booths, and a row of tables.  Restaurant is clean, and so are the bathrooms.  Service can be slow sometimes.  Last time I visited it took a while for them to bring my check; but they were nice enough to pack up my remaining food.Pho itself is good for my tasting.  My other favorite place to go is Pho Saigon 8 on Eastern, and to me Rainbow's Pho is just as flavorful.  Bowl is large, the side veggies they give are fresh.  Egg rolls are yummy, but I have yet to try their rice dishes.  To each their own, but  I'm glad I tried out Rainbow Express because I was never diggin' Jenni Pho.  Now I'm sure China Town has better Pho restaurants, but for the SW Rainbow Express is the place to go for Pho since it seems it's only Jenni and Rainbow in our area.  It definitely beats having to drive all the way to busy ole' China Town.
2	This place is literally a block from my house and my girlfriend, who has never had Pho before, was picking up a slight cold so I thought we'd try it out instead of driving all the way to Chinatown. BAD DECISION. And I feel terrible for allowing her first pho experience to be from this miserable establishment. The service was TERRIBLE. And terrible from a pho-restaurant-with-usual-slow-service standpoint. There were maybe four other tables seated when we got inside. The table directly behind us had about 6 people and they were interacting with the waiters as if they knew one another or were friends. They definitely spoke the same language and our female waiter LITERALLY went to their table at least 5-6 SEPARATE times to speak with them, laugh with them, clear their plates, etc. She finally came to our table, threw two menus down and walked away without saying a word. The male waiter then came over and brought us two waters. He was at least friendly and smiling. She was like Jekyll and Hyde in the way she treated us versus other guests in the restaurant. When she came back, about another 10 minutes later, I ordered pot stickers, rare beef steak pho and chicken pho. Again, she did not say one word - just stared at me, wrote down the order, and then grabbed the menus and walked away. Our food came out fast - I'll give them one star for that. I'll give another star for the taste, even though it wasn't amazing. The broth was delicious, but my meat was not tender. It was tough, not rare, and cut into awkwardly big pieces. My girlfriend enjoyed her pho but didn't eat any of the chicken because of how tough it was. We asked the male waiter to bring our check, and he did, within a few seconds. Then, of course, it took the female waitress another 10 minutes to take my debit card. And another 5 minutes to bring it back to me. Meanwhile, she's laughing and sitting with the table directly behind us. There is NOTHING I hate more than being treated like my order/my money/my table doesn't matter. Terrible customer service will get you nothing but TERRIBLE reviews and eventually, no business at all.
4	I been to many many pho places in vegas. This place is definitely not bad. It is my goto pho place in town since it is very close to my house and the food always comes out fast. The spring rolls there are always fresh!
4	Did the change their name recently.... .?Anyway, I've been here a couple times and there is nothing bad I can say. I've had the pork chop combo rice plate with the egg, and the crab tomato noodle soup. Both were good and I would come back for it. I like them better than the pho place up the street. They had a drive through but as I suspected in the beginning, they stopped it and created a patio area. It was an interesting idea but not realistic when you realize how long it takes to make rice and noodle dishes....not thin hamburgers.
2	I will not be returning to rainbow pho. I was very dissapointed :( it was my first time having pho and I expected a lot better bc all my friends are constantly IGing pics of pho and telling me how yummy it is. Not sure if I myself am just not a fan of pho or if this restraunt really sucks. I gave them two stars bc their Thai tea was yummy and had boba in it, but then again it would be pretty hard to mess up Thai tea I imagine. Their egg rolls didn't taste like anything and my bf described the dipping sauce to taste like sour fish (eww) I had fried egg fried rice & the pho soup. Wasn't terrible but had no flavor to it. My bf had the pork chop which was pretty good BUT when we got home my bf had the shits. Yikes! Also I felt it was terribly over priced. We spent 40$ for two not even mediocre entrees and tastless eggroll. I will not be returning and I deffinetly don't reccomend to any one. If I ever try pho again ill deffinetly be heading to China town.
4	Very good pho without having to drive to Chinatown.
4	It's not express but it tastes good!  I find it fairly difficult to find a Pho place out in Vegas that tastes authentic.  Rainbow Pho Express is pretty authentic!  Reminds me of the Pho places I love back in San Jose, CA where you know Pho is authentic because of the number of Vietnamese residents that reside there.My go to items to order are of course the Special Combination Pho soup, fried egg rolls that come w/ lettuce to wrap and dip in the fish sauce, and my ultimate favorite is their vermicelli bowl equipped with grilled shrimp and fried egg rolls.  Their rice plates with pork chop is real good too.  Everything is flavorful here and I love their Pho broth; there is no need to add sauces to it, just some lime and jalapeno for a little kick!  They have an abundance of veggies in their vermicelli bowl which is why its my favorite!I knocked off a star because they don't have very many chicken dishes, or none at all on their menu which I find weird.Overall, great place to go.  But be warned, it ain't express!
5	There are a lot of pho restaurants in town, but this is the one we probably eat at most often.  We come here when we want a super quick meal.  Their broth is very flavorful and is just the right amount of saltiness.  The bun is really good here too.  The only downside of the restaurant is that their space is long and narrow, and there aren't any windows.
4	It's a nice little place to get pho. Not my favorite but it is good just not great. The serves was good and the place looks great. The best part for me is they accept debit/credit cards and are close by to my house. Over all I had a good time and I will come back every now and again.
4	This is my usual take out place. A must have is their black property steak. Yumm!!! Unfortunately, i've tried their other dishes (vermicelli) & I pretty much puked it out. Taste was extremely off for me. So I recommend everything else on the menu except vermicelli :)
