4	Finally...a "good" Greek restaurant on this side of town!!! I met a friend there for lunch today because it was highly recommended. Looking at the menu, I knew I was in trouble and if I liked the food, would probably have to come back at least 20 times. I ordered the avgolemono soup and the dolmathes. Both were very good. The soup was similar to my dad's, it has the right amount of lemon, not too much chicken and not too watery, not too thick...just right. The dolmathes were tasty and easy to eat. They weren't too vinegary like some places and the grape leaves were nice and fresh where some places are all tough and stringy. I also tried my friend's spanakopita, which was by far much better than other Greek places around here. Not only is the food better, but the prices are also much better than the other Greek places out here. Being Greek, I'm obviously picky about my Greek food. Next time I come here, I'll try the pastitsio, then I'm trying a burger because the Greeks make the best burgers and we need more good burger joints out here.The service is very good. They are very friendly and yes, when my friend at the table behind me dropped his napkin, the owner was immediately over with a replacement. Now that's service.
4	My wife and i were intending to go to jasons deli which is in the same shopping center. Too crowded so we decided to try the Great GreekIm glad we stumbled on this gem Great food with wonderful service. Clean.  We both had grilled chix skewers with rice and greek salad. Very good flavor. My wife also had the rice pudding which she loved. Staff attentive and polite.They clearly take pride in their shop, and focus on excellent customer service. Cant wait to go again.
5	Fabulous gyro! My wife is raving about the soup. We'll be back.
5	I agree- Finally a good Greek Restaurant on this side of town!! The Gyros were huge, and delicious! The service was was impeccable; very friendly and definitely pride in ownership. The "Family Packs" are a great deal- I can see gyros for dinner once a week...!
4	Apparently this is a relatively new establishment.  I've been in twice now for lunch carry-out and neither time did they disappoint!  I had the gyro plate, grilled shrimp, spanakopita, dolmades, and baklava.  The service was excellent and the food wonderful!  Price-points offered good value.
5	This is the best ever! I have been all over town and I am so glad we have a local place this fabulous. Impeccable service with great owners that take it all seriously unlike most places in henderson. Friendly service and very clean restaurant.   Everything was fantastic! The gyros, the rice, the salad. The Steak was so tender, the soup addictive. We've been twice already and may make a weekly indulgence. :) Do not pass this place up!
4	Henderson has some pretty stiff competition in a very small area: Kyklos, Greek Bistro and The Great Greek. Personally I prefer Greek Bistro and Great Greek because Kyklos is good and priced around the same as the other two but sits in the Galleria mall so my mindset is fast-food Greek. Where to start! The hummus and pita was very enjoyable, great flavors and not overpowered with lemon as some other places do. The chicken and steak shewers with rice & salad were incredible. The steak was nice and tender, the rice was perfect and the salad had a perfect blend balsamic vinegar dressing. The chicken gyro was quite tasty but thought it had a tad bit too much tzaziki sauce. I walked away so stuff that I was popping Tums later that night but that experience hasn't prevented me from wanting more. The cashier was incredible, which I'm sure was probably the owner or owner's wife. Oh bring a jacket because I was freezinggggggg while we ate so the food got cold, thus the reason for knockin off a star.Great place for Greek food but I like how there's the Greek triangle near the Galleria mall. If you don't like this place, try Kyklos in the mall or Greek Bistro by Sunset!
5	I absolutely LOVE the food here! The chicken gyro is outstanding and the hummus appetizer with FRESH pita is out of this world. I find it odd that they don't serve Lamb, but since I don't eat Lamb I'm not highly disturbed by this fact. The food is consistently delicious but the establishment is consistently FREEZING! My suggestion would be to get your food to go and enjoy it in the comfort of your own, temperature balanced dwelling.
5	I ordered the gyro for $5 (only from 3-5 pm) and it was the most amazing gyro I have ever had. AMAZING. I was so very full afterwards. The price for the quality was absolutely delightful.There was lots of feta cheese which I loved. Might i mention the feta fries were exceptionally YUMMY. Unfortunately and sadly enough, I was too stuffed to finish them. Doesn't mean I didn't keep trying! So many fries and so delicious. The melted cheese on top was perfect. Might I mention their service was some of the best. The lady at the front is so sweet. I once called and asked if it was possible to make a gyro bowl in  5 minutes and I don't know how they did it, but THEY DID IT! Love this place!!!!!! I give the gyro 5 stars! I still have yet to try any other dishes. BEST GYRO I'VE EVER HAD.
5	There is love in this food. Family owned, casual restaurant. Worth the 30-minute one-way drive from my house. If I could only eat one thing for the rest of my life, it would be their Greek salad with chicken. The olive oil dressing is perfect. Also love the perfectly cooked gyro meat, the tzatziki and the feta fries!
5	Gimme a bucket of tsaziki and slather me up!I have been absolutely craving Greek food for the past few weeks.  Maybe it's the upcoming festival season.  Maybe I'm getting tired of of my wife's cooking.  Uh, maybe I better shut up.  Whatever the impetus, I was determined to give this place a shot.  The lady at the register was really nice, despite having half the dining area overrun by my two monkeys.  They don't have kids meals, which posed a bit of a challenge in ordering, so be advised if you do have kids.  As a workaround, I decided to order the soulvaki plate with one skewer each of chicken and beef, with rice and a salad (about $11).  My wife opted for a gyro pita ($7.50) combo that came with fries (hey, don't judge) and a drink (add $2.50 for the combo).  +1 drink for me and our total was just under $25.  The food came out reasonably quick and smelled delicious.  The salad was fresh and refreshing, with just enough dressing for taste, not drowning in it.  The beef I ordered medium rare and it was cooked perfectly.  Some steakhouses can't even get that right!  I don't know what kind of beef they use, but it was really tender and the seasoning was pitch perfect.  The chicken was also cooked ideally and oozed juices when cut into.  Of the two, the chicken was my favorite - whatever is in the marinade makes it sing.  The skewers sat on a bed of really tasty rice pilaf that seems to have some tang to it.  Add to that some of the best tsaziki sauce I've had and you're in business.  I could have slathered everything with it.  The kids were shoveling my rice and took about a third of my meats, so thinking I would be left hungry, I ended up ordering a third soulvaki chicken skewer ($3) and a side of rice ($2.50).  Of course, as soon as I paid for the extras, my kids say they're full.  Typical.  So what's a dad to do except scarf it all down myself?  Unfortunately, I ran out of tsaziki because I shared it (rare for me) with my wife, who, of course, didn't share any of her gyro pita with me.  But $0.75 for a side?  Yikes!  No matter how good it is, I can't justify paying that much for a small container.The only thing more disappointing than running out of tsaziki was the fries.  Yeah, I know, who the heck orders fries at a Greek place?  Well, blame it on the kids.  Also, the pitas don't taste home made, but that's not a big deal to me, I'm just giving fair warning if that's a must have for you.Despite the hardships I experienced, I overcame.  I used some creative ordering, decided never again to share the most cherished items on my plate and made a note to self to always leave the family at home.
5	Oh so good. I think their veggie wrap is the best I have ever had. Really nice people too!
5	Love, love ,love this place. In my humble opinion this is the best greek place in Valley. My husband and I go there almost every week (it's a little ambarrasing ) and so far food quality and service has not change. Just excellent as usual.The name Great Greek speeks for itself! Thank YOU!
4	This is easily the best place to get a gyro in this part of Henderson.  I work near Russell and the 95, and there are 4 Greek places near me that have gyros.  This blows them all away.  Great size on the sandwich, and the sauce is very flavorful.  Also, the fries are much better than average for a place of this type.  Highly recommended.
5	What can I say...  food from The Great Greek is made with love and that's the not so secret ingredient!!!First off, this place takes care!!!  The food that they serve is definitely a reflection of the quality of produce and products used!  This is an important element that differentiates their food from surrounding competitors, and it's a difference you can really taste.  Moreover, the food here is extremely affordable and definitely worth the price mark, add ons and all!I'm always open to new food but when trying a new Greek restaurant I always take it back to basics.  Hummus and tzatzki with pita bread are ALWAYS a must for me so I was delighted with the fact that I had found a place who knew what they were doing.  The texture and seasoning was on point and I love the accompanying pita bread!!  It was thin, soft, warm and didn't overpower any of the dipping sauces.  In other words, it was not overly thick and hard.  Do try a little combo of the different appetizers such as the hummus, tzatzki, dolmades, pita bread!!  It's a wonderful selection of the most popular Greek comforts.  Those little dolmades were fresh, flavorful and stuffed just right.  Please... Do yourself a favor and get an order of the Great Greek feta fries. Damn!! This dish really won me over cause i'm a sucker for fries and this little twist was such a nice palate pleaser! Amazing!!  Can't stop thinking about them!  Gyros are tricky ordering for me because others i've tried either had too much of something, or too little.  The Great Greek's gyro was huge and each ingredient it was stuffed with did not outshine another; it was the perfect amount of everything.  Presentation is simple and to the point but also exhibits a hidden wow factor that I like.  The restaurant itself is extremely inviting and exudes a very "my house is your house" type of feeling!  Being that it is a family affair, there are no inconsistencies when it comes to service!!!  This is what I love about gems like these... It doesn't have that "chain restaurant" feeling... and that brings me back to the not so secret ingredient: love, love, love!!!  You can tell that you matter as soon as you step in cause you're always greeted with a smile and a welcoming hello!Anyway... Go ahead and give The Great Greek a try for yourself.  You'll see just what I'm talking about once you take your first bite.  I highly recommend! *love*
5	Uh-mazing!!!!!! Simply the greatest Greek food in town!
5	I have a soft spot for The Great Greek.  Everything I have tried is delicious, and the service is always great.  The family who runs the kitchen is very friendly.  The restaurant is clean and the atmosphere is great.  I love The Great Greek!!
4	Everything u can ask of for a Greek place! Great fresh made pita, feta fries were new for me(I think there was also some mozzarella on them too), decently quick enough, moderately priced! Minus 1 star cause my fried were not as crispy as I would've liked.
5	Great food. Very flavorful. Mostly for take out.
5	I have updated my review to reflect the level of quality and consistency with this place, as I have been approximately 5 more times since my first review.  Just fantastic: highly, HIGHLY recommended if you are craving a gyro.  The staff is very friendly and appreciative.  The restaurant is clean and well kept.  This place is more expensive that other Greek places nearby, but the place could cost 20%  more and I would still whole-heartedly recommend it.  It's that good. Try the tirokafteri.  You're welcome.
4	4.5 stars. Very friendly service, fast to bring out the food and excellent gyros to boot! Highly recommend you check this place out as it's definitely one of the best gyros I've had in Vegas.
4	I must admit I'm addicted to gyros.....so of course I love this restaurant! It's a little small (seating only for about 20 or so), but the food is absolutely awesome and extremely affordable.  I was able to feed my family of 4 for under $50. We didn't leave the place hungry, either. In fact, my youngest daughter needed a to-go box.
5	Starving, famished, desperate, and craving some Greek food, I stumbled upon The Great Greek and was so please with their delectable fresh offerings. I ordered the Chicken Souvlaki plate with rice. Bascially it's grilled chicked skewers over a bed a rice. It comes with two slices of pita bread and a small greek side salad. With a small drink the whole meal cost maybe $13 which is a little pricey for lunch, but it was defintiely worth it. The chicken was so tender and juicy and the biggest suprise to me was the rice. Usually at most restaurants they just throw some rice on the plate so it looks like you got a lot of food, but oh no, I feel in love with this rice. For some reason the rice had a hint of a lemon flavor and it was just really delicious and comforting. I could have just eaten that rice by itself. So enough of me gushing about the rice.. but bottom line.. if you're looking for some fresh Greek cooking, come try The Great Greek. You won't be disappointed!
5	I love this place!  The food is great, the service is great, the overall atmosphere is really nice! There isn't anything I have had that I didn't like. They have some of the best Hummus and Melizanosalata (roasted eggplant puree) - it is addicting. I always end up ordering the Dolmades with my meal too. They have a Greek Burger ($7.50), it has lettuce, tomato, red onion, feta cheese and tzaziki - the combination is amazing! If you are craving a burger and are looking for something a little different definitely get this. You are always greeted with a smile when you go in there. They are very friendly and the service is fast. This a good place to go on a lunch break. You feel like you are part of the family when you are there.
5	Who needs a Fat or Mad Greek when you can have a Great Greek. The Great Greek really does hit the nail on the head. What was so great about my meal? Everything, start to finish. It was a completely enjoyable experience. Dinner with fellow Yelpers, Judd and Lynn L., put this place on my bookmarks and it was about time to pay them a visit. With two other Greek food lovers in toe, we came out to try as much as possible. One Mezze Plate, Two Beef Slouvaki Plates, two fountain drink, one bottled water, Rice Pudding, a Baklava, and two secret Greek Coffees (explanation later on) cost a little under $50. There was even left over after I tried to cram as much in as possible. As I write, I lay in bed in a semi-comatose state. The Mezze Plate is a combination of vegetarian favorites; spanakopita, two dolmas, hummus, pita bread, tsaziki sauce, and two falafels. The puffed pastry was flaky, buttery, and filled with spinach and cheese. The falafels were crispy on the outside and light inside creating the perfect combination. The Slouvaki Plate boasted the most tender and juicy beef. They were drool worthy at medium rare and the juices oozed into the rice. Taste bud overload! With the second plate there is an option to pick between three different sides; rice, fries, and Greek salad. The gentleman behind the register gave us all salads on top of one rice and one order fries. The guest service is amazingly friendly. We were continuously checked upon during dinner as well. After our meal, one of my friends pushed me to ask about coffee. It is not listed on the menu, but it could not hurt to ask. The same guy who took our order made a joke that it was on their secret menu and it was no problem to make. Now to desserts! The Rice Pudding is thick and rich. The Baklava had great depth and not too sweet. They are definitely one of the best Greek restaurants in town. On the way out, we even got a warm farewell. Thorough is a good way to describe the service.
5	PERFECT Greek food.  I got a chicken santorini sandwich the other day, but I substituted pita for the roll it normally comes on.  It was THE BEST THING I EVER ATE, hands-down.  The Great Greek continues to impress me!
4	I'm really not sure why it has taken me so long to review The Great Greek, we first ate there probably close to 6 months ago. We were in the process of buying a new car at the nearby auto mall and came here on our "solo" test drive. I guess they were really close to closing for the night, but one of the workers saw us at the door and came over to let us in. Once we got our food, it was so delicious! The staff is very nice and helpful and the place is also very clean. I will definitely try this place again next time I'm in the area.
5	Genuinely Friendly and Courteous People Serving Great Greek Food!Came here on a whim after looking for nearby establishments that maybe I had yet to visit. Don't know how I missed this place in the past. Arrived on a Saturday night close to closing time and was completely expecting some unhappy folks sorry to see me walk in the door. Much to my pleasant surprise I was genuinely greeted with a very pleasant lady whom I later found out was the owner. Spoke with the owner briefly and felt right at home. AT first glance it's easy to see they have good business sense shown by the fact that no corners were cut. The restaurant s done well, super clean and well kept. Even the business cards and brochures were well done, they even have a well made webpage....sorry but these things matter to me.On to the more important things, the food!Outstanding food for a decent price. I ordered the Yia Yia Pasticcio, a very tasty pasta caserole with a very tasty Bechamel that is served with a side Greek Salad that eats like a meal itself. Also ordered The Athenian Burger that was topped with Feta and Tzaziki that didn't over power the burger but complemented the meat and allowing it to stand on it's own. Our final dish was the Chicken Santorini Sandwhich. The chicken breast used in this sandwhich does not seem to be of the food distribution variety. The Chicken was very moist and tender and was perfectly matched with  the fresh tomatoes and spinach. Everything was homemade, fresh and made to order. Absolutely would recomend this place to anyone seeking a nice Greek meal kicked up a few notches.
2	I got the gyro here, all I can think of when this place comes to mind is wayyy too much cheese, and a very awkward eating experience.  Employees who prepared the food were about five feet away seemingly staring at our group (the television was near us) while we ate the food they just brought out. Not a fan.
4	After wondering what I should eat for dinner other than In-N-Out, I remembered reading about the Great Greek.  I decided to order a gyro meal to-go.  The lady at the counter is super nice.  After explaining to me the items on the menu, I went with what I know best, the gyro.  I shared the meal with my bf and it actually was enough food.  The gyro was tender and flavorful, the salad consisted of fresh ingredients, the fries were freshly fried.  Definitely a delicious meal.We will return to try other items on the menu...
5	I haven't had much Greek food before, but this place was around the corner from my apartment so I thought I would give it a try since my girlfriend loves Greek food. This place definitely did not disappoint.We had the Chicken Gyro with Feta Fries and the Grilled Shrimp plate with rice pilaf. Both items were fairly priced and the portions were quite large. The service was fast and friendly. The tzaziki sauce that came with both dishes was light and delicious. Will go again soon!
5	On our way to San Diego we stopped for the night in Henderson, NV. A group of 10 of us were lookin for some inexpensive dinner so I hit up yelp. While it was a bit difficult to find even with a GPS, we eventually found it and were not disappointed. The woman behind the counter was a jovial Greek woman and another Greek man (son I presumed) was running around helping. She expalined the menu and after much deliberation we went with two family dinners for 4, which included a huge gyro, salad, dessert, and a drink for each person all for about $43. Very reasonable. The other two got some sort of salad, one got the shrimp. The portions are large and the gyro was very tender and tasty. It also had feta cheese on top, which was a nice touch. I tried the shrimp, which were easily jumbo shrimp and very flavorful. The gyro was by far the best part of the meal and the feta fries were also very good. We couldn't decide what dessert to order until a lady behind us in line said their rice pudding was delicious. We ordered both the rice pudding and the baklava. Both were very good. I can only take so much sweet, so I couldn't finish the rice pudding but it was very good. The baklava was one of the best I've had. And I've tried my Greek friend's mom's baklava straight from Greece. It had the perfect flakiness and combination of sweet with the nuts. I'm not a huge dessert fan but the baklava and rice pudding I would order again. Definitely a delicious, affordable meal and I will go again when I'm in the area.Side note they had raspberry iced tea which was a plus if you don't drink soda :)
5	Went for the first time last week and was very impressed. The food was fantastic. Would have loved a few more small pieces of pita with the kabab dinner, but it was nothing short of fantastic.
4	My quest for a good Greek restaurant in Las Vegas has been a long and arduous journey. I am admittedly quite picky, you see I've had the real thing in Greece and it was so delicious and effortless that I refuse to settle for fake American alternatives. This is definitely the pinnacle of Greek food in Las Vegas!This cute little mom and pop shop is spotless. The decor is surprisingly simple with a few Greek finishes. They have the typical menu and are very friendly. I got a traditional beef/lamb gyro and made it a combo to include a greek salad and a drink. The greek salad was delicious. I am not a huge fan of olives and onions, so I gave half of the salad to my husband, but I was sure to clean up the huge chunks of cucumber and a good portion of the lettuce and tomato. The gyro was gigantic! The meat and the tzatziki sauce were delicious and complimented perfectly by the soft pita bread and the tomato, feta, and lettuce. I couldn't have been happier. While it definitely looked impossible to eat the entire thing, it was exactly what I did. I cleaned my plate and stole a few of my husband's feta fries. The feta fries have melted feta and herbs and were pretty good, but I have definitely had better. Unfortunately, for the amount of cheese on them they didn't have much flavor at all, in fact I had to dip them in ketchup which seemed like a real shame. The fries were rather thick, perhaps it would have been executed better with shoe string style fries. Other than that, this place is fantastic! I am so happy to finally have a good Greek restaurant in town to curb my cravings. I will definitely be back!
4	This restaurant is small and informal, but is obviously a very popular luncheon destination for locals.  We ordered bowls of avgolemono, an egg/lemon soup, accompanied by grilled pita bread.  This rendition of the classic Greek soup was a bit thicker than some, but delicious.
5	Beef/lamb gyro + fries + drink = $10?  Yes, that's what I had for lunch today at The Great Greek and it was a great deal!  It's probably only the second time I've had a gyro and this one was overflowing with meat, lettuce, tomatoes, feta cheese,Tzaziki sauce, and flavor.  The fries were also delicious.  The service is attentive, the place is clean, and I'm just sad that I didn't take baklava to go because I'm sure it's great, too.  Opa!
2	Went here again a second and third time and service was not as expected.Second time I went after work around 4:00PM. There weren't any customers ahead of me so there shouldn't have been any problems. Took about 15 minutes to get my chicken gyro to go. Since I was off I wasn't in a particular rush so I let it slide. Food was still great so I would give it 4 stars.The third that I went I was around 1:00PM on a Thursday. The lunch rush looked like it was about to end because many people were finishing up there food. I got in an ordered the grilled shrimp plate thinking it shouldn't take so long to make...that is if the kitchen doesn't forget order. I sat and waited patiently for 25 minutes and noticed people that came in after me after got their food already. Nobody came to check up on my even though I was at the table right in front of the counter. I approached the counter and asked what was going on. The lady working the front looked confused and shouted at the kitchen asking what's taking so long with the order. The slip was still just hanging at the food window untouched. I couldn't wait any longer as I had to get to work and asked for a refund since my food haven't even been started yet. The lady did not even say sorry and just kept shaking her head at me as she voided my transaction.Maybe back of the house were new? I don't know, but I was not treated very well by the front of the house. Maybe I'll try this place again later, but it's going be a long while before I come back.
2	This place gets a lot of great reviews which is why I visited, but I have to say the gyro meat was simply too salty.  The hummus, however, was very good.  I will try it again when I am in Vegas, but I will pass on the gyro.
5	Awesome gyro! Posted a picture so look for yourself. Perfect combination of meat/veggies and the pita was light and fluffy. I took my order to go and was quite amazed how my gyro was wrapped perfectly and stayed intact, I mean nothing spilt out, not even a shred of lettuce. They know what they're doing. The woman who took my order was very friendly and quick. My food was ready promptly with a smile.  We often ate at Jason's Deli right across from them, but I think I might go Greek, try something else, and definitely get the baklava that I resisted getting the first time! This place was definitely as good as the great reviews I read.
4	I had a chance to try this place out and decided it was well needed.I ordered a gyro platter, which I figured would give me a solid impression of the overall quality of the food. Their gyro meat is tender and moist, always a good sign for the hungry patron. Diced tomatoes complimented the meat well, which was PLENTIFUL. They served it on that standard white flatbread that you see at a lot of places. Not my favorite choice of bread but it was not problematic. The tasty cucumber yogurt sauce was authentic, as expected. The salad was pretty delish-- it had that ever so tasty olive in it and that yummy vinagrette dressing. Their rice had a nice wholesome taste to it but I wouldn't have minded a bit of extra seasoning in it. The fries were good but also could have benefited from some additional seasoning.I'm very much looking forward to trying some of their kabob dishes and specialty salads in the near future.Final verdict: good quality, authentic greek food, served in plentiful portions.
5	Read good reviews about the place on yelp and it didn't disappoint me or my wife. The service is very welcoming and the food tasted equally better. Would definitely  recommend this place to all my friends.
5	Love this place. The food is great and fantastic customer service. I usually order the gyro plate with side salad and drink. Gyro meat is perfectly cooked and the salad isn't overly drenched with dressing. Highly recommended!
5	The Gyro here rivals and or tops any I've ever had. A healthy portion of feta cheese over the top I think is the secret vs the competition. Well worth the $7.50.
5	I ordered the Yia Yia's Pasticcio which is a ground beef pasta casserole with Greek bechamel  and fresh tomato sauce, I also had a Greek salad and an order of their baklava. I am not usually an adventurous eater so I called the restaurant and spoke with a very friendly woman named Alice. I asked her about it yia yia's pasticcio and she described it to me as a Greek lasagna.  I decided I would try it and I am not disappointed. it was incredible. I don't typically care about baklava either, but this was truly delectable,  due to the amazing food and very friendly staff, I will be coming here time and time again when I visit Las Vegas.
4	Only 4 stars because they are a bit pricey. But other than that....let me tell you about the extreme measures I would go for just a drop of the lemon rice soup. It has such a fabulous taste! Get extra pita bread with it and make it a meal. Dip it until the last bit is gone. The hummus is pretty good, too.
5	Ordered takeout, The food was very flavorful. Ordered fries w/ feta but they forgot the feta, but that's ok bc the fries were hot and crispy.  Will definitely be back.
5	The GREAT Greek is worthy of its name would love to have this restaurant near me! Definitely worth it.
5	We were traveling from the Bay Area to AZ staying in Henderson along the way.  Great Greek was recommended by yelp and we were very happy with it.  Some of  the best Greek food I've had anywhere (including East and West Coasts) and, as is usually the case, at a very good price.Various nice touches in well know dishes.  Excellent pastry (filo) on the spanakopita that was a part of my mezze plate.  Kebab chicken (is the yellow from tumeric?) was particularly moist and tasty.  The wife (very discriminating) and son were pleased as well.
5	All I can say is there is not one dish you will not regret ordering.  Been coming here since the first week they opened a little over a year ago. (Can you tell by all the Yelp photos I eat here alot?? )  Ambiance/Service -Casual, family friendly, modern decor, bright & clean, indoor & outdoor patio seating, place order at counter.If I could I would  give the staff of Great Greek more than  5 stars for service. From the first time I stepped foot when they opened,they have always been welcoming, warm and friendly.  They greet their regular customers by first name when they walk in and leave. Really impressive.Food:Yia Yia's Pasticcio a Greek style lasgna that's topped with Greek Bechamel is a very popular dish to order here so if you want a slice of savory goodness I'd get here early for lunch.  If you make your meal a combo, get the Feta Fries!!!! Crisped golden fries topped with Feta cheese that's melted slighty. A different and delicious twist to eating french fries for sure!  Everytime  I order a Gyro and take a pic and post it, my friends are jealous cause here I am sitting having this huge Gyro that's filled with tender slices of beef(they also have choice of lamb and chicken)  feta cheese topped with a genourous amount of  their Tzaziki sauce that's made from scratch. Real light refreshing taste. Their Tzaziki sauce is gold!! Ohhh the Grilled Garlic Shrimp is another plate that stands out. Shrimp is plump, jumbo size, it's an insanely garlickly & buttery masterpiece.  The Chef behind all these delicious dishes worked for notable chefs on the Strip. So you are in for a real treat when you dine here! I must not forget dessert!! The most important meal  I never ever miss ;)  You cant beat Yia Yia's Rice pudding to top of your meal!!  Im not a big puddin fan but after Chef came over with a sample of rice pudding for me to try, I can say I am fan of rice pudding!! At least  the way Alice makes it here. What sets it apart is  it's creamy but has an amazingly light texture, with hint of cinammon.   Enough said. Don't pass up this comforting dessert.  The proof is in the puddin'! Great food, great people, Great Greek lives up to it's moniker.
5	The Great Greek has to be my favorite Greek restaurant!  The freshest salad ever, all ingredients are nice and fresh! Gyros are great! Always juicy! Never dry! The pita bread is so nice, fresh, and soft! Nice place to dine! Even though it's more like a to-go fast food place, but the quality of the food are no less then a fine dine in restaurant.
5	Simply the best Greek restaurant in Las Vegas!I tried pretty much everything from the dips to the baklava (dessert)!  But what keeps bringing me back (aside from the outstanding service, is the gyro and my favorite menu item, the rice bowl .The produce is super fresh ,the dishes are so tasty and they are extremely generous with the portions for the price!!  That makes this place one of my top restaurants in town.What makes a good dinning experience is also the service .The owner is really  sweet, always smiling, running everywhere to make sure every customer is happy.Great Greek is the way to go!!! Two thumbs up !!!
4	Good solid food - great and simple greek salads, gyros, passticio and other greek favorites.  Woman who runs the counter is friendly, and all of the food is fresh, with fresh ingredients.  Has a home cooked quality to the food.  Recommended.
5	This is 1 of my top 2 Greek places in the Southwestern US. Good: 1) the portions; 2) price; 3) taste; and 4) service.Ok: 1) limited seating.I had the falafel pita (that comes with fries or salad...salad was good), a side of dolmades, and a baklava. Wifey had the gyro plate. They gave us feta fries by accident and it was on the house. The lady at the front of the house was super nice, patient and took the time to explain the menu. It's a little outside LV but definitely worth the trip.
5	This place has to be the best Greek restaurant in the Las Vegas area. Their chicken/lemon/rice soup is fantastic and will only set you back $3.50. (with Pita bread). I also can't get enough of the feta fries . The place is small with an outdoor patio to accommodate those who don't mind melting while they eat. After you order at the counter, the friendly staff will bring the food to your table. I can't wait to come back and try some of the other options at The GREAT GREEK!
5	So.. I haven't tried ALL the greek spots around town, but now that I've found the Great Greek, there's no reason to look further. Their chicken and steak souvlaki is amazing. The seasoning is just right. The grilled shrimp is delicious. The rice pilaf compliments the meats very well. And... Feta Fries?! Come on dude.. The one and only knock I have on this place is... You can't call ahead and dine in. But they still deserve all 5 stars on the food alone. Great people too. So yeah, only greek joint in town that I would suggest!
4	Food was delicious! All that I expected from a gyro combo and more. The Greek salad had lots of flavor and generous amounts of veggies & feta. I highly recommend the feta fries. They are delicious! The customer service was excellent & very inviting. We'll def be back for more Greek goodies.
5	Fresh and fast, and YUM! You know you've made a good lunch choice when there are police officers eating at the restaurant as well - they always know where to go for food with a great value. We tried chicken soup, dalmades and a salad. The salad was amazing, definitely try it with the falafel or chicken, comes with a couple pieces of warm pita. The dalmades, do they make them fresh? Because it sure tasted like it, comes with 6 pieces and a wedge of lemon. The soup is a little strange, it doesn't know whether it wants to be chicken-based broth or a cream-based, but very citrus-y and refreshing, so I let that slide. Basically, a great place for a quick lunch, it's very clean and as usual with restaurants in Henderson, NV, tons and tons of parking.
5	Loved the Food the Service and the cleanliness of the place.  The house Gyro is awesome and so is the Hummus.
5	So.... We are really getting in to Mediterranean food.  We found this local eatery and we were very pleased.  The food was flavorful and fresh.  We will be back to try other dishes.
4	I ordered a Chicken gyro and greek salad it was very good.  The lady behind the counter was so nice!
4	The Greek Salad is fresh and flavorful - dressing is delicious!  I had mine with grilled chicken - perfectly cooked, not dry or re-heated - and the "meal" portion is enough for 2 servings!  My co-workers had the soup and raved about it! Again, the portion is worth the price as well.  The service is friendly, but the food is prepared fresh so it's not "quick" though  it is timely.  We finshed well within our lunch hour.  Try it!  If you like Mediterranean food, you'll appreciate their menu options, prices and quality of food.  Oh, and the Feta French Fries are AMAZING.
5	Small busy but every time I go there, the people that work they're are so friendly. The food, oh my I get the chicken rice bowl and that is so great tasting and filling. For me it's enough for two meals. I recommend this place to everyone no matter how far they live, it's a must place to go.
4	Like Ellie Goulding's song "Lights," Greek food never gets old to me.  On any given day falafels and gyros can keep calling, calling, calling me to lunch or dinner.   Been wanting to try out Great Greek for a while, but it's a little more east than I usually travel.   Tonight I found myself in the area and decided to call in some takeout.  I went with a lamb gyro with feta fries on the side, and asked for a side of falafel because I simply have to try some at every Greek restaurant I go to because it's in the title of my list here on Yelp for Mediterranean eats.  When I arrived the food was ready and waiting for me and I was happy to see Dr. Pepper on the list of fountain drink options because as you may know, Dr. Pepper is the unofficial non-alcoholic nectar of the Gods.  I did have to drive about 20 minutes until I got home, so please take that into consideration for the food review that follows.  I immediately went for some feta fries which were pretty standard french fries covered in, you guessed it, feta cheese.  Because of the drive, the feta cheese had sort of started to congeal a little, but it had no effect on the taste and I found them delicious.   I will say for a quick comparison that I do prefer Yanni's Gyros fries where he adds garlic, feta and hot sauce, but I digress.  Then came the gyro.  With the first bite I knew it was something special.  Tender, flavorful gyro meat with the standard lettuce tomato and onion SMOTHERED in tzatziki and feta.   I think it had more of these two ingredients than any gyro I've had elsewhere, and to me that was a good thing.  Between the fries and the gyro the meal was fetariffic!  Sorry about that.  Lastly I tried some of the side of falafel, and was a little disappointed in those.  They weren't bad by any means, but I feel like I've had better in many places like Hedary's and the Fat Greek for example.  The texture was good, but it just wasn't as flavorful as I like.Prices were reasonable and service was friendly and efficient.  If Great Greek were closer to my work or home I'd make it a regular visit, but for now it will remain a solid choice when I'm in the area (which is almost never.  Step your game up Sunset Station!)
5	I have a new addiction ... and its Greek.  Have tried the greek salad, gyro and rice pudding.Reasonable prices and large portions - the large greek salad usually lasts me two meals!On the greek salad you can get, for an additional charge, your choice of added "protein" ... I usually choose the gyro meat.  They also give you sauce and pita on the side, so its like getting a mini gyro and salad.  On my last visit, someone in front of me inquired about the rice pudding and apparently it is made fresh / in-house.  So I had to get some to go!  WOW - it is amazing.  fresh rice pudding ... don't make a habit of eating it, but I just may need it each time I visit for a gyro or greek salad now.Have outdoor seating also (although you look at a parking lot) but its a nice option.  order at counter and dine in, on patio or to go.
4	Thank you Yelpers! Very much enjoyed our meals and the friendly people. Portions are huge and tasty. The night we went there were several tables that had ordered one of the special family meals (looked like a good deal). The baklava seemed especially good (albeit still very sweet). I would definitely recommend this place.
4	took my cousin to go check this place out. i got the lamb/beef pilaf rice plate and he got some kind of salad platter thing. honestly when our two orders came out they had the same ingredients but positioned differently. but mine came with pita bread. the yogurt cucumber sauce was really good. definitely didnt think i would get full off of it but i was stuffed. drinks are self serve. the lady who i assume was the owner would come around and check up on us frequently and came and took our garbage away.
5	Everything on the menu is amazing.  Seriously.  Uh-may-zing.The lamb gyro, the spanakopita, the salad, the steak souvlaki, the shamali, for all that is good in the world, come here and try them all! Seriously.  I cannot express enough how good the food is here.  The rice pilaf, the rice is loose and flavorful and filling.  The spanakopita is fluffy and dense at the same time (yeah, I don't how that happens, but yes, just yes).  The souvlaki, oh, hello super flavorful and rich meatiness on a skewer.  The salad, there is something addictive about the dressing, and I really appreciate the olives having the pit.  The gyro, well, this is how most people judge a Greek place, and I can say that it is flavorful (everything in this place is flavorful, you cannot go wrong), sliced at just the right thickness, and just works so well with the tzaziki, vegetables, and pita.  Oh and the shamali, dense poundcake like with an orange infused in it, a great way to end a meal. I have only eaten on carryout, so I can't speak for the waitstaff, but the lady at the register, she is such a welcoming and kind person.  She really does make you feel like you are in her kitchen and you're a guest.
5	One of the best gyros in town.  Would recommend this place to anyone and everybody.
5	Best Greek food in town.  Everytime we come here the food is great.  We started with a side of Melizanosalata.  It was nice and creamy.  Great gyro plates
5	The lamb gyros were excellent and the side of soup was delicious. The prices were reasonable. The employees were very friendly and the restaurant was very clean. Finally, a good Greek restaurant that's not too far from the house.
5	You will not be disappointed and will come back time and time again. Can't tell you enough about the rich flavors and they make  the freshes salad  you will ever have.  Everything is wonderful, including Alice who owns the facility and always has a smile for you and remembers your name,It's like sitting down with family.  They open at 11am and are packed with happy people until after 1:30pm so get your order in early if you are picking up. It is so worth the wait to have the freshness.   Let's keep them busy and around for a long time. Happy Holidays!
5	There isn't much to write about the Great Greek. It is a fast food type restaurant that serves delicious Greek food that tastes home made.The Gyro, Grilled Chicken Souvlaki, Grilled Garlic Shrimp and Avgolemono Soup are all surprisingly delicious. If you are in the mood for a wholesome tasting Greek meal, you would do well to give this place a try. You won't be disappointed.
5	Okay, it's clear I love this place.  BUT, I recently, and I can't believe it's for the first time, got their baklava.  As expected, it's fantastic.  Perfectly moist and tasting of honey.  I don't usually get dessert here because the gyros are so huge, but of course we'll start to now.
5	Hubby and I have eaten here a few times now and have enjoyed the gyros and feta or garlic fries and the falafel, so when the parents came into town thought we'd bring them here.  They are not familiar with greek food due to living in the land of Packers, beer, brats and cheese.  Needless to say, they loved it.  The gyros are the best in town.  Everything is fresh and tastes fabulous.  The gyro meat is nicely seasoned and you know it comes off a doner.  I had a small salad with my gyro and the dressing was excellent, not heavy at all and the perfect amount.  Next time we will have to save room for some dessert.  I wish it was closer to where we live.
5	This tiny, family-owned & run Greek joint shouldn't be missed if you find yourself anywhere close to Stephanie & Warn Springs. The same family who owns The Fat Greek on the west side also owns this place. The Fat Greek has a larger dining room and includes a bakery counter (the family, as I understand, is actually mostly Armenian and whips up some pretty incredible Armenian baked goods). The Great Greek Grill is a smaller place without the included bakery, but it's clean and light (mirrors along one wall and windows along two other walls help it feel larger & brighter). Service here is always patient and with a smile; you can tell they really care about keeping loyal customers. I can vouch for the fact that their hummus, tzatziki, spanakopita, Greek salad, and chicken souvlaki all have great flavor. I don't like dolmades, so I can't really help you there, though I can tell you these are longer and skinnier than most I've seen/tried. Unlike most Greek joints, this one also offers avgolemono soup, which I enjoyed, but since I don't have too much experience with different incarnations of it yet, I'm not sure how it compares. I love their chicken so much that I haven't tried their actual gyro meat, but nothing I've had there yet has done me wrong.
5	This tiny, family-owned & run Greek joint shouldn't be missed if you find yourself anywhere close to Stephanie & Warn Springs. The same family who owns The Fat Greek on the west side also owns this place. The Fat Greek has a larger dining room and includes a bakery counter (the family, as I understand, is actually mostly Armenian and whips up some pretty incredible Armenian baked goods). The Great Greek Grill is a smaller place without the included bakery, but it's clean and light (mirrors along one wall and windows along two other walls help it feel larger & brighter). Service here is always patient and with a smile; you can tell they really care about keeping loyal customers. I can vouch for the fact that their hummus, tzatziki, spanakopita, Greek salad, and chicken souvlaki all have great flavor. I don't like dolmades, so I can't really help you there, though I can tell you these are longer and skinnier than most I've seen/tried. Unlike most Greek joints, this one also offers avgolemono soup, which I enjoyed, but since I don't have too much experience with different incarnations of it yet, I'm not sure how it compares. I love their chicken so much that I haven't tried their actual gyro meat, but nothing I've had there yet has done me wrong.(Note: Evidently there's a duplicate page out there for this place, listed under its full name, The Great Greek Mediterranean Grill. I'd posted this review under that listing first (there are 5 other people that reviewed under that one), and now I'm posting it here as well.)
4	I miss this place. I love the food and the atmosphere. I cant wait to go back to vegas and eat at the great greek again. That lamb is delicious
5	This place is great! It is small, so sometimes seating is limited. But since we have mostly nice weather year round- out door seating is available. I love this place, I love the staff, and the food has never dissapointed!I haven't been back since I have gone vegan, but I am sure there are options.
5	I absolutely love this place.  It was my first introduction to Greek food, and it has been a fabulous adventure ever since.  The chicken and lemon rice soup in brilliant, as are the beef lamb gyros and falafel.  Reasonable prices and a great clean Greek atmosphere sharpen its appeal.  And best of all, it's a family owned place where you can be greeted by the friendly and knowledgable mother son team daily.
4	A great place for a quick take out or eat in lunch. Gyro's are large and tasty. Greek salad is excellent with lots of feta. The spanokopita was reheated in the microwave so was not the crispy phyllo that it should be. Baklava is classic and tasty. Disappointed that there is no moussaka on the menu. Fast service from nice people. Small inside dining area and nice patio as well.
5	This was the first Greek food I have ever tasted and I must say wow. I may not be an expert in Greek cuisine but I know what good food tastes like.I got the Great Gyro with lamb and feta fries combo. It was one of the best things I have ever tasted, EVER. It was $11, but worth every penny and then some.They definitely made a good impression on me, and they have made a new repeat costumer.
5	WILL IT BE GYRO PLATE OR THE PASTITSIO Everything that comes out of this family kitchen is made from scratch. This second generation of restaurateurs flawlessly delivers absolutely Great Greek food.  They have been around just long enough to develop a cult following. Ask those who eat here three times a week of what they think. If it isn't from Jerry's kitchen, it's not real Greek.
5	It Really Is The Great Greek My husband surprised me one day when he said he wanted Greek food. I couldn't argue with him cause the idea sounded great to me! When we arrived at The Great Greek the little restaurant was very clean, inviting and the help was exceptional!! The place was a little busy but nothing to extreme.We ordered some Dolmades (grape leaves stuffed with seasoned rice and fresh herbs). These dolmades are some of the best around. The grape leaves were fresh, with a little crisp to them. The rice and herbs were well balanced. They came cold, even tho I prefer mine a little warm, but after a few minutes they were gone so it didn't matter! We also got a side of Hummus (garbanzo beans crushed with garlic, lemon juice and some olive oil). It wasn't bad but I've had better. For the meal we got a Falafel Pita (stuffed with falafel, hummus, lettuce, red onions, tomatoes and mint yogurt sauce, served with a side Greek salad) and a Gyro Plate (tender slices of Gyro with tzaziki sauce, pita, rice pilaf and a side Greek Salad). The Falafel was so soft and done perfect! I couldn't have wanted a better falafel! The combination of the falafel and all the other ingredients made for a healthy satisfying meal. My husband said the Gyro plate was really good as well. The meat was seasoned well! Although, I didn't try the meat, the rice was very tasty! To finish up the meal we got some Baklava (layers of filo dough, walnuts and cinnamon with honey). Seriously, the best baklava I have ever had...in my life!!! I would be very disappointed if I found out that they didn't make this in house. I've had plenty of homemade baklava, which has been very good, but this one tops them all! Overall the food was amazing, fresh and made to order! We have since been back and we will continue to go. So, if you want some great Greek food, head over to The Great Greek!!! You won't be disappointed!http://inapplesworld.blogspot.com/
5	Great food, found a new favorite
5	I really like this place, its become a new favorite. The food is delicious! I can't get enough of the greek salad. I order the salad wrap with chicken... the chicken comes in giant chunks and it's juicy and amazing! The steak souvlaki is also very good (my one and only complaint is better knives are needed! )Inside, the place is very clean. The seating is sort of limited, but there's outdoor seating as well. The pricing is also very reasonable. Love it!
5	This place really is GREAT. After few unsuccessful attempts at eating here due to early closing time during the week, boyfriend and I became discouraged from eating here. This place was brought up again when myself, Jaime W, and Molly T decided to have our very own food crawl...at 11 am..We arrived just as they opened and we were greeted by the friendly owner. I ordered Avgolemono Soup ($3.50) which is the traditional Greek soup with chicken, lemon, and rice. The portion was really quite large. It also came with a side of their delicious pita bread. Molly T and I decided to also split The Great Greek Gyro (~ $8.00) with lamb-beef combination. The portion, once again, was huge! And the gyro was really quite tasty. Jaime W shared her feta fries with us and they were delicious. They sound simple enough, but wow...they can quickly turn into a guilty pleasure.All in all, the prices are extremely reasonable for the quality and quantity of the food. It does get very packed during lunch time, and they close at 8 pm Mon-Thur.
5	I would like this place more if it was next door to my house. Actually I would like this place more if it were in my house. 1 star because this place is not in my house.Kidding! I loved every last bite on my food crawl with Jaime W. and Dana S. That egg-lemon-rice soup, yeah, I would bathe in that shit. It would make me smell funny, but I feel it probably contains healing properties for the soul that regular bath water can't fulfill.The Gyro meat was especially delicious as well. Yeah, I could see myself eating here on a regular basis...they just have to move in downstairs. A major plus is that you can dine outside and they will bring your food to you. I know that their tea is just regular Fuze tea, but it was so good! 5 stars. Go before I renovate my basement to be their new kitchen.
4	4 1/2 stars. The Great Greek looks like a fast food joint but don't let that keep ya from checking them out. There was plenty of parking during the evening and the owners were so friendly. I ordered the gyros meal, beverage and balklava for dessert. All the food was delish. The salad was fresh and the gyros and rice portion was gererous. I was so full I ended up taking the baklava to go. When I ate the baklava OMG,  It was the best ever. I would come back here just for the baklava!I looking forward to returning again.
5	Love love love the feta fries!!! Best Greek food in town!
5	spectacular food and service.  chef worked with the hubs during his wynn days.  now he's got his own place, serving up his food - the way his family has served it up for  generations -- and you can taste the love.  great flavors.  simple, honest, fare.  Our only complaint is that tgg is not open sundays when my chef is usually home - so we have to go on those random week days when he is because he loves it, too.  we usually leave happily with buddha belly accompanied by a serious food coma.  greek salad is not to be missed -- best in town by far.  and for me with celiac, I eat here with confidence knowing I'm safe and can just relax and enjoy the food and my husband's company -- that's the best part.
5	best place ever. gerry get to class at the pit vegas!
4	Yum, yum yum lemon rice chicken soup with fresh dill? Wow.  The baklava is beautiful, can't wait to eat it... But too full from the small Greek sale with gyro meat. Good stuff.
5	The Great Greek is as good as it gets. The food is amazing. Fresh, perfectly prepared, and huge portions. They also have a nice selection of beverages in addition to the everyday fountain drinks and iced tea. I bring the family often and get the family meal. We are a family of 5 and we always have tons of leftovers. My only complaint would be the small dining area. It's pretty small and there aren't too many options for parties of 3 or more. We have had to leave several times because there was nowhere to sit. Not much they can do about that since a crowd means customers, and they can't exactly make more room. Overall, fantastic food, and great service. I dream about the feta fries.
3	I have a new obsession with Greek food. I don't know why but I do. I guess there are worse things to do in Las Vegas.So I did a yelp search and this was the closest place to my office. The reviews looked good so I went over for lunch. I walked in and the place was nice and clean. It's pretty new with several high tops and many shorter 4 tops. I got in line and ordered a gyro plate, Hummus (togo) and some banana pudding. Gyro Plate - It was pretty good. I enjoyed the meat and everything was fresh and tasty. Now I'll have to say I enjoyed Ambrosia Cafe MUCH better which is why I gave it 3 and not 4 stars. Banana Pudding - It wasn't that exciting. There was a  place in Denver that just had the best in the world. It was ok, but I would have liked it to seem like they had put a little more love in it.Hummus - As always hummus is just awesome. Their pita was soft and yummy. I wish they had given more, but there you have it. I liked this place but didn't just LOVE it. It's close so there is a chance I'll give it another change and see what else they have to offer.
4	I love this place. Great people and food!
5	Great combo skewers plate
4	The service here is very good. The Greek food here is some of the best in the valley. If you are in the mood for something fresh and fast check out the great Greek.
1	Sorry, I am GREEK, this will be considered MCDONALD's Greek Version. Save your money, it is mediocre @ best. I did tried twice, just to make sure I was given them the benefit of a cook off day. I guess it is o.k. if you do not know any better. If the owner worked for WYNN, no wonder he does not work there anymore.
5	The Avgolemono Soup and Greak salad are amazing. I would highly recommend this place.
5	I gotta say I loved this place.  My gyro was the best I've had. The pita was incredibly soft and fluffy and the tzatziki sauce was awesome. Make sure you get extra sauce on the side... The had my  Lagunitas IPA and a nice little bottle of wine for my wife. The lady behind the counter told us about the kids meals even though they were not listed on the menu. Even my kids loved their half gyros in their meal.  Great place for a very good gyro.  They were semi busy and we got our food promptly.  This place will be my first choice for gyros in the future.
5	This is our second time ordering from here. The service is awesome I love the fact that its a family owned business. The food is authentic and tastes sooo good! Last time we had the Greek plate 1 beef/lamb and 1 chicken. This time 2 Gyros and they were fantastic. You have to try the grape leaves and feta fries!
5	Any dining establishment that caters to my kids is a go-to for me! I love this place! Atmosphere: family oriented. The place is family-owned and they extend that family feel to their customers. My husband orders a greek salad but he asks them to leave off the tomatoes and cucumbers. The owner acts like this is fine with her while I stand there and laugh! They are awesome!They have the best rice that I've ever had. My kids beg to go there and eat some rice.The pita and hummus is just insane delicious. Whenever we are waiting for our food, they pop over with some warm, fresh pita slices for our children. The chicken souvlaki plate is my staple there. The chicken is marinated to perfection and the rice and salad accompaniment are the perfect meal!We've tried the falafel and the texture is perfect. The flavors blend well with the sauce, onions and falafel and it tastes heavenly.The baklava is the BEST I've ever had! Wish they had more seating (it's almost always full when we go in to eat). We often take the food to go for this reason.Don't miss the rice pudding!!!
5	Great food, great people. I got the burger, which was very good, and my wife got the chicken gyro wrap, she liked hers too. Place was packed, always a good sign, the food is superb.
4	Consistently good food. Very good service. Price is excellent.  Recommended.
5	Excellent service, the portions are huge and the taste is great, the price is good, for Greek food, the restaurant is impeccable. Will definitely come back  again. If you come with a group the family deals are the best: Gyro, rice or fries, salad, soda and dessert for about $45-48. We had the 4 people deal and could not finish it.My husband wanted for me to add: "The rice pudding is great, just like my sito used to make."
5	I have been here several times and the food is always outstanding. I only tried a handful of items on their menu because it is so hard to try something else when your 'Go-To' item is so delicious. The Greek Salad Wrap is delicious and satisfying without meat and the 'Rice Bowl' with shrimp is a delicious amalgamation of everything delicious-seasoned rice, veggies, shrimp, and a side of tzaziki. My co-worker and I went here for lunch today because they have the best chicken salad (Greek Salad w/ Grilled Chicken Breast). The young man that took our order brought us a complimentary side of their amazing feta fries because the kitchen made an extra order- This is the kind of thoughtfulness that makes customers for life! A variety of options for vegetarians and pescatarians too.
5	The best Greek food I have had!! I am not an easy customer to please and this place always hits the spot.  Family run. Always greeted warmly.  They do get busy around lunch and dinner so call your order in if you are in a rush.  Limited inside seating would be my only complaint but their amazing service and food bring them right back up to the 5 star level. Food takes a little longer to be made than say a sandwich place and prices are a bit higher than other places, but the value is served; all fresh ingredients made in house.  Well worth it!
4	OMG best Greek Food....not ever but in my work area. LOL.DO: Order the lamb and meat gyro.DO NOT: Order the chicken gyro. I ordered one and they took forever.Service is good. While I was waiting for the chicken gyro (not mine, it was for a co-worker), they offered me everything. Water, drinks, fries, they needed to calm down. I just wanted my gyro. I'd come back here IF I lived on this side of the town.
4	Fantastic Greek food, especially love the feta fries!!! Took away one star due to the employees sitting outside the front of the establishment in the outside dining area smoking, other than that I have no complaints!
4	I came late to the party because I didn't know Gyros could be this good!!I was so used to going to that other Gyro place on Eastern, but now I realized I settled for mediocre food there.Well Thank you Great Greek and my Yelpers for opening my eyes to what a Gyro should be. The presentation was wrapped in a pretty and neat package.Tender seasoned meat sliced perfect, with a tzatziki sauce that actually has taste (I always thought tzatziki was a bland yogurt sauce) and the freshest feta cheese, lettuce & tomato. Nice touch with the pepperocini on top to add a little zing. Bite then drizzle juice on the gyro. The bread was soft and allowed the gyro meat to shine without getting in the way. The perfect vessle to hold this delicious creation.OPA!! I can't wait to come back!
5	The BEST Greek food in the area!!! My husband and I have been dining there since we moved to Henderson over 2 years ago and the food never disappoints! The owners are so friendly and they are always busy, which is a good sign that the food is great! We are huge fans of the Rice Bowls and the daily specials are always fantastic!   Also try the Feta Fries, they are awsome! We dine in or take out at least once a week. I would highly recommend this place if you are looking for homemade food that is always fresh and delish! I have sent numerous friends there and they agree that it is the best Greek food they have had. What are you waiting for...go try it!!
4	Baklava is awesome! So YUM!Pretty big portions and can be shared.If there are 4 of you.... get the Family Platter... it comes with kebabs, rice, salad, grape leaves, hummuss, pita bread and bakalava.  And it's a lot of food for a really great price.They have a small patio area so you can sit outside when it's nice.Note... It's a fairly small family run restaurant so the wait for your food can be long.  Suggest calling ahead and getting take out.
5	This place was fantastic. The gyro plate and the steak souvlaki were both amazing. Rice pilaf was tasty, and the french fries were also great. They're getting pretty busy. We showed up at around 8pm and they were out of Baklava. The owner told me they were going to have to start making twice as much. Awesome.
4	I love Greek food! This place did not disappoint.  The staff was friendly and the Mezze Plate I ordered super tasty and fresh.  Obviously this place is very popular with the locals because it was jam packed.   My friend and I cleared our plates and probably would have ordered seconds if we weren't stuffed.
5	Holy smokes! What a treat. Beef/lamb gyro was delicious but the feta fries were even more amazing. The owners are so friendly and warm. We felt like family. Don't let the strip mall appearance deceive you. Super-cool for dine in or take out. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll seek this out again.
5	Best Greek food, in town. I live on Ft. Apache and Blue Diamond, and I will gladly drive to this place for the best gyro in town. The food couldn't be fresher and the tastier, it is literally perfect. After having married into a Greek family, I can say, without a doubt, this is the best Greek food, I can eat, outside of homemade that meets all the requirements for true, fresh, Greek cuisine. Just writing this, makes me wanna drive down and eat it, again!
5	The grilled garlic shrimp plate was so full of flavor, it was hard to put down. The shrimp was juicy, well seasoned and cooked perfectly. The Greek salad is delicious and very refreshing. The pita bread and tzatziki is super yummy and the fries give it just the perfect crunch. A local family owns and runs the business and takes great pride in their work. It is kept immaculate and is very welcoming!  This place is a keeper.
3	Tough to yelp this one, because I've been here and the food was fantastic, and this last time, I had a less than pleasant experience. So...how to rank something that was 5 stars the first time, and a 1 star the last time. so I averaged the 2= 3 stars! This last time, they were out a the basic meats. This didn't phase me since I get falafel. Well, the server/cashier was SUPER nice, but there appeared to be some issue with the kitchen. I ordered, and sat down with my group. One member got her food pretty quickly, then the rest of us waited OVER 35 MINUTES to get our food-what the? When the food finally came, it was not good. they must have actually been out of falafel too because it was the crispy dredges of a fried crumbs...not a single fully or cut peices. The crumbs were drenched in greece and physically made me sick.Will I come again-ya I think so-but only if it's off peak hours!
5	I should get a frequent customer card for how often I come to this place. That being said, The Great Greek offers a clean, affordable, welcoming and most importantly, DELICIOUS dining experience. Immediately walking into the restaurant, you can sense the meticulous family touch that is all over the place, from the service, to the ambiance. The food is not a wallet buster, which is an additional plus given the quality of the food. I am a frequent consumer of the chicken rice bowl. Freshly prepared, with fresh ingredients, you really can't go wrong.I recommend The Great Greek frequently to my peers and friends. They have always treated me well, and I've always left full, and satisfied. Definite must try.
5	Came here for lunch a couple of days ago. What a nice surprise it turned out to be. The location is very clean and inviting with large windows to let in the sunshine. The staff was very friendly and quick to bring out the food. I had the grilled shrimp entree. The shrimp were huge, and perfectly seasoned. Delicious!! It came with a nice Greek side salad, and the entree came with a bed of rice, a side of fresh pita bread, and tzatziki. My husband tried the Great Greek Gyro. It was huge!! Came stuffed with a generous portion of beef/lamb and very fresh lettuce, tomatoes, red onion, feta cheese and tzaski. Ordered a side of Feta french fries that were to die for. Never had anything quite like them. The fries were crisp, fresh and hot. Definitely give these a try. To end the meal we ordered an amazing "Mom's" rice pudding. this dessert was fresh still warm and topped with cinnamon. Some of the best I've ever had!! If you like Greek food. definitely give this place a try. It is delicious food, with reasonable prices and huge portions served by a very friendly staff.
5	Fresh ingredients, clean casual bright restaurant, friendly owner and staff. My favorite Greek restaurant in town. Will not try a different place, no neeed to. I usually order the Beef gyro combo with greek salad but the chicken souvlaki with rice pilaf is also fantastic!
3	I am usually really generous with my stars and giving the Great Greek 3 stars is me being generous. I wasn't super impressed with the food here. We got one chicken and one steak Gyro and although huge in size, there is too much feta cheese on it to really get the flavor of the meat and the rest of the sandwich. We also got a Greek side salad and overall it was ok. I will not be coming back to eat here because at almost $20 bucks for dinner, I would rather make something at home.
4	Sadly, my knowledge of Greek food comes from My Big Fat Greek Wedding and a killer hangover from a few too many shots of cheap ouzo and pine sap Retsina to wash down "Greek" takeout in Hawaii. With those credentials to back me, here goes.  The Great Greek makes very good, tasty Greek food.  Simply put, proteins are juicy and properly cooked, breads are fresh, everything is flavored with fresh herbs and well seasoned.  Dolmades (grape leaves stuffed with rice dill and other herbs) a real surprise.  Dense, moist and herbaceous, the leaves so tender you can eat them.Lamb and beef gyro and grilled chicken gyro are real standout.  Juicy, well seasoned, sliced beef and lamb or chunks of chicken , atop simple veg, bathed in a zesty tzaziki, piled with a tart goat milk ricotta all enveloped by a fresh, warm, fluffy pita.Grilled steak souvlaki, no complaints.  Deeply flavored, juicy tenderloin on skewers over a fluffy rice pilaf.  A squeeze of fresh lemon to brighten up the dish.   Done.  Finally, desert; baklava.  What's not to love, flaky filo, butter, sugar, walnuts, cinnamon all bathed in honey.Friendly counter service.  Clean dining area.  Reasonable prices.Poker Pro Tip:  Give a bud who lives in the area a ride to the WSOP. On the way stop for lunch.  For days after "hey, you want me to stop at that Greek place and get you something?"  Heck yeah!Ponder if you must, is the food so good because it's different from our norm or is it the difference from its norm that makes it delicious?  It's all Greek to me.
4	I've had my fair share of Greek food and this place was great.  I had the Gyro plate and it was too much to eat in one sitting.  My wife enjoyed the Chicken Souvlaki and the kids had chicken skewers.  Nobody left the place hungry.  Get there early though because the restaurant isn't very big but it was packed at 6PM on a Tuesday.We ordered some baklava to go for later that night and it was awesome.  I really like baklava but am often disappointed at restaurants because the phyllo is soft and mushy because it has been sitting around too long.  The phyllo in this baklava was light and crisp and the filling was so sweet, even maybe too sweet if that's possible.If you are looking for good food in Henderson you can't go wrong with The Great Greek.
5	Never had a bad experience with the employees or the food. This no doubt the freshes salad you will every eat.  We work close and Alice (owner/cashier) knows who we are by name and what our order will be before we tell her.  Ok we are creatures of habit but when you find what is exceptional why order anything else. The side salad with grilled chicken is huge. The sandwich's are delicious and large portions. If you don't experience the feta fries you are missing out.  Lunch time is very busy which to me is a good thing, it means they serve great food. Just call ahead an order, they open at 11am and we call for a pick up time an it is always ready. They have a nice patio when it is not too hot.  Sorry to hear some people had a poor experience, all I can saw is try them again, you won't be sorry.  Karen
5	Great service & food!!
3	Fine lunch.  Great helpers in placing the order and taking care of us.  I'd go back and try it again.
5	The Great Greek offers up so much flavor, that Flavor Town has a new capital building.  HANDS DOWN, the best fries in this whole town... Feta Fries. FETA TO THE DOME! The Pita is warm and fresh, the Chicken and Gyro are delicious.  The Salad portions are perfect.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.You will most likely have to wait to find a table, as this place is on the small side, and the secret is out, but defintely worth the visit.
5	There are a lot of good Greek restaurants in Henderson.  From my house to this place is like climbing Mt. Olympus but it's soooo worth the drive.  Holy Michael Bolton, this is my favorite Greek restaurant in all the land!  It's a small but very clean restaurant.  This may be irrelevant to most people but for somebody who freaks out a lot when the battery on my phone is less than 90%,  the high top tables against the wall with outlets was a great plus! Oh yeah, the service is great too.  It's quick, to-go orders are quicker and phone-in orders are quickest.The steak souvlaki is tender and has great flavor.  It comes with Greek salad and you can get it with either rice pilaf or fries.  What I always get is the beef and lamb gyro and feta fries.  Soft and warm pita bread hugging slices of meat topped with melted feta cheese and tzatziki...underneath lettuce, tomatoes and red onions.  It's heavy yet portable and non-messy.  I can eat their gyro hot or cold.  Raw onions give me a headache but theirs is sliced rather than chopped so it's easy for me to just pick them out.  The feta fries are amazing.  Each fry is lightly breaded for that extra crisp.  Hot fries topped with feta cheese = cheesy goodness!"I'll be there someday, I can go the distanceI will find my way, if I can be strongI know ev'ry mile, will be worth my whileWhen I go the distance, I'll be right where I belong" - Michael Bolton
5	Food was outstanding.  Well worth the wait! Nonstop customers!
4	This is a great family owned Greek spot. Right off the bat - like so many good reviews, it's definitely worth stopping in.I tried their gyro, chicken souvlaki, fries, salad, hummus, and dolmades. The best item? Strangely... the fries! They were extremely crunch. Loved them. The gyro meat is of the lean, non-oily kind. It's a bit dry and not that tender. It's just gyro meat. Flavor is good, though. Same goes for the chicken. It was cooked fine, but that's all it was: fine. The hummus was delicious and fresh. The dolmades weren't bad, but they were a bit plain. Just seasoned rice. Luckily, there were 6 of them. Most Greek spots give you 3 for the same price.Speaking of price, prices are just average. That means prices are a little high, but all food like this (Persian, Armenian, etc) is always expensive in Vegas because it's hard to find. Anyway, worth you visit if you're in the mood for Greek.
4	I've only tried the gyro here, but based on that I would return to try other menu items. The flavor was great, but the only thing holding me back from 5 stars was the amount of meat in the sandwich. For me, a gyro isn't top of the line unless you need a fork to eat some overflowing meat first  just in order to hold the sandwich. With this one, all the meat fit too nicely in the pita! Also, they put the tzatziki sauce on the sandwich for you, so if you're someone who doesn't like a lot, make sure you ask for it on the side.
5	On Friday I searched Yelp to look for a Gyro Sandwich, there were alot of different places to choose from so I chose to try this place. Great decor and Food. Had to wait about 25mins for my order and that's because this place was rocking, there was nice amount of people eating outside and inside when I got there. I ordered the Gyro Sandwich with fries. The only problem I had was that I ordered the fries with tzatziki and they forgot to add it, so I had to wait for another order of fries. The staff was pleasant. If in town you should try this place.
4	Its Friday.  I'm not too fussy, but Mr M challenges me with the choice of Mediterranean or Cantonese.  A couple of checks on Yelp means we can't find a Cantonese we haven't already tried, so The Great Greek was the target.  Nice little cafe-style casual place, and all the tables except one are full.  Place was super clean, staff were lovely.  Mr M had gyro plate and I got Mezze plate.  Good sized portions, and fresh Greek side salads.  Hummus/Tzatiki (sp??) were pretty nice and pitta bread hot and bendy.  I overheard another family leave and say "man, that was good, we'll be back".  I agree.
5	So good...and the family really makes you feel welcome. The food is consistanly delicious. Alice makes all feel welcome. The baklava is outstanding
5	I LOVE the gyros & greek fries here....it is a little pricey but you get a lot of food! AWESOME!
5	Deserves every star . Hands down the best and freshest Greek food EVER . You gotta try it !!! Try the feta fries . Yum
5	The name says it all.  It was great!We each had chicken gyros with rice and fries.  Great!We also ordered the rice pudding! Incredible!Really hit the spot.  Family owned.
4	Went there for pick up only.  Nice little place.  I ordered the greek salad, and a side of hummus and the bread.  The salad was huge!  I think next time unless I'm sharing I will get the 1/2 and the hummus and bread.  I was so full off of this meal.  I paid about $12.00 for it, it was enough for 2 people to eat if you both like this combo.I will be back to order something else in the future, because as I was waiting for my to go order, there was some pretty nice looking dishes going to peoples tables. Try it, you might like it!
5	The best Greek place in the area! The food is really fresh and the lamb is great! It is a must try!
5	If you're looking for a gyro, this is the place to go.  At other places, I have to order two and it gets pricey, but here, one is plenty!  Definitely give this place a shot.
5	The customer service was very friendly and the atmosphere was nice, but there are only a few low tables in the center of the restaurant with hightops along the sides of the restaurant.  The beef platter was very good, with tender meat along with a choice of rice or french fries.  I was in the mood for rice, as it goes well with the accompanying Greek salad.  You also get some soft pita bread and a little side of tzatziki.  I will definitely be back for more!
4	Was in for Labor Day weekend w/ the family, visiting ... family.  Asked My sister n Law, "Wha's goo' 'round hurr" ( terrible texan accent, maybe it's 'cuz I'm not from there)  She had no clue and I had to whip out the phone.I was looking for something healthy, quick and nearby and .. BAM!  This lil' place had good reviews and I hadn't had a gyro in 4-5 days!Got there 5 min. after they opened, there was a chick taking pics of a plate ... prob. for some paper/mag. and the guy looked greek, the lady that took my order looked greek, so I was pretty confident that this place was going to be good.  11:15, this place was busy, no seats available and when I saw the Gyros come out, I knew why.Everything was fresh, except for the pickled stuff, obviously ,,,and I think they make their own Tzatziki sauce since I've haven't had cucumbers in long strips.  Delish!I highly recommend this place because they were not stingy on the proteins and that's always what most places skimp on.took away a star since my order was lost in the shuffle due to a guy being late and didn't know who ordered first.There is also outdoor seating but who the hell wants to sit out in 110 degree shade.... yeesh.
5	We love the Great Greek! The service is always fast and the food delicious. Having Celiacs it's not always easy to find delicious gluten free meals when I go out to eat. We eat here about once a week! I love that they really listen and don't put the pita on my place because of my allergy. Some restaurants will accidently put it on and then remove it but I still have a reaction to it. I've not once had this happen at the Great Greek and they always take special care to make sure the pita is not any where close to my plate! I love the steak souvlaki on the plate of rice. The side salad is comes with is a traditional Greek salad. After starting with the salad I usually take half my meal home and enjoy it all over again the next day!
5	Best place on town.  Everything on this'd u is good. The owner is nice and runs the front counter. Sitting outside right now enjoying the fountains and good food. Enjoy!
5	I ate here for the first time yesterday, the food was AMAZING!!!  I could not believe how large the portions were for the price either.  I had to take half of my lunch in a to-go box.  The staff was extremely nice as well.
5	We stopped by this place while visiting from Portland, Oregon, after reading some great reviews. We were looking for something quick, delicious, and light since we were in town for a race and didn't want to eat typical "travel food". This place did not disappoint. I'm not a Greek food connoisseur but we have some pretty amazing restaurants back home, so I feel like I have enough street cred to say this place was amazing. We had dolmades, chicken souvlaki, greay gyro, and some baklava. Yum, yum, yum. Moist and tangy dolmas. The chicken was just the right amount of salty/seasoned, and it was moist and tender! The baklava was perfect. Ooey gooey, sweet, and flaky on top. Not rich, just perfect. Staff was friendly, too! Great service. HUGE servings. We were hungry, and we brought home half our gyro and souvlaki plate. We enjoyed a nice patio seat and relaxed while eating. The place was packed when we arrived and left, so that's always a good sign. Highly recommend eating here!
1	Run for the hills! The owner is disrespectful and doesn't know how to even act like an owner. The place is unsanitary. I  was with my girlfriend and she found a black hair in my salad. The owner at first told me the wind blew the hair into my salad and then offered to make me a side salad. My salad was an entree size. Then she tried holding on to my salad until I asked why and she said try were going to reheat the chicken that was on the salad with the hair. I told her no thank you and that's not sanitary. She got upset and I asked for a refund. I think she gave me a refund because she was afraid that the customers would have overheard me. You would think making a new salad with new chicken wouldn't be an issue but obviously money is more important to her than a loyal customer. It's unfortunate she doesn't care about her customers.
5	This place rocks! There are a couple greek places around here and this place is by far the best one... I seem to catch them closed more than I would like but other than that, I am a raving fan!
5	Awesome Greek food! Its now my new favorite place to eat Greek food. The food is amazing but so are the people who were there. They are so nice and friendly. Also the atmosphere was amazing. You cannot go wrong by eating here!
4	It's a tiny space that is well lit, with a charming little fountain in the outdoor patio.  10mins before opening for lunch on a Wednesday, there's already a line outside.  I was in the mood for Moussaka but had to settle for the grilled shrimp with extra Spanakopita, while my friend had the Beef Souvlaki (grilled skewer).  We were extremely happy with EVERYTHING.  The Spanakopita was light and satisfying, the skewers (esp the shrimp) were cooked perfectly, and the accompanying sides were all faultless... from the fries, tasty rice pilaf, salad to the pita and tatziki (yogurt dipping sauce with cucumber).  These large, composed plates are a treat, an in-between fast food and fine dining.  They have great service and sell wine here too!  So if you're craving for great greek grub, the drive to Henderson will be worth it.
5	I wish I was a better review writer so that I could do this place justice.  That being said, I'll try anyway.The food here is amazing!  The portions are large and everything tastes fresh.  I have had the gyro plate, falafel pita, and feta fries.  The feta fries are really addicting.  I am normally super picky about falafel and usually only like it if it is homemade.  The falafel here is quite possibly the best I have every tasted, it is flavorful and isn't dry (the problem I have with most places).  My mom came here with me and said it's the best baklava she has ever had.  This is definitely my favorite place to eat in Henderson.  The woman that works the counter (the owner?) is super sweet and friendly on top of it all.  I highly recommend this place to anyone.
4	1 - 5 scaleFood 5Service 4Decor 4 very cleanI think the gyro is as good as what I've tried in New York City, but the fries are the best in town. The flavor is fantastic if you're a chicken or lamb fan and the feta fries are killer good. This is a great little place to grab a quick lunch on the patio.
4	This is my new favorite local place. Yes, I know Vegas has lots of great restaurants, but this one makes me feel like a nice Greek family invited me over for dinner and served AMAZING food!I've tried a little bit of everything but my absolute favorite dish is the gyro rice bowl. First of all, it's delicious. The meat is always perfect, the rice is seasoned just right, and the portion is big enough you can squeeze three meals out of it. I've also had the gyro and chicken pita sandwiches, but to be honest, I go for the rice bowl everytime. Also, the lady who runs the restaurant is always so nice and attentive. I love eating here.
1	What we ordered: hummus and tzakiki with pita, shrimp plate with salad and rice and steak plate. What we got: A MAJOR case of food poisoning. Within hours of eating dinner here, my mother and I both began a violent night in the bathroom. We were the only ones who ate the shrimp so we suspect they were undercooked or laden with toxins. It is five days since the exposure and we are both still having symptoms, which can vary in severity and time to recover based on how much toxic food you ingested. I am writing this as a public service, and warning, to just say no and avoid this restaurant.
2	Really bummed...I wanna like this place but after trying it 4 times now...I can say "meh. i've experienced better." Maybe they hate me personally or something, but every time I go there they take FOREVER to bring me my food. First time, I was willing to over look assuming they were behind but this last time it was just ridiculous. They brought out various friends food orders (we were a group of 10) by the time mine came out, they had finished there food and started packing to go. Were talking 30 minutes between their food and mine. Second thing, I got sick after the last time. I'm talking immediately--which disproves the possibility of me having a simple viral infection or something. Andddd I have a hardy stomach. That never happens to me!Bummer since it's so close to my house, but we will be looking for a new Greek food place.
5	I found The Great Greek through searching Yelp. Saw the amazing reviews and thought it should be pretty great if everyone else thinks so!  Pulled up and there's a cool patio area for outside seating. The restaurant was busy both inside and out, although a small space overall. I told the cashier that it was my first time and asked what they are famous for. He recommended me to get the Gyro and showed me the different plate options. I went with the platter which includes the Gyro, rice or feta fries, a Greek salad and a drink.  I decided on the feta fries because...well, why the hell not!!! :). My total was somewhere around $12.00. I felt it was a great deal for all of the food I was getting! As I was waiting for my food I asked about the baklava and if it was any good. He said that he would give me a free one as he knows I will be back again after I eat their food.  Hmmmmm...ok!  I'll take the bribe!!! I waited about 7 minutes for my food, despite the busy restaurant, and I took my food to go. I didn't get to my destination for about 40 minutes so my food didn't look pretty enough for a photo but MAN!!!  Flavors were delicious!!!  Feta fries were somehow still warm and my gyro was just so good!  Their Greek salad was generous and the dressing was awesome. I wish the kalamata olives were pitted, probably my only complaint. The baklava was amazing!  And honestly it really did seal the deal for me. I will be back to The Great Greek and I'm looking forward to it!  Already recommended the place to several friends. Overall, great food, awesome service, and nice spot. I look forward to dining in next time.
5	Delicious. I really enjoyed the feta fries and gyro. A lot of delicious Greek food. The people are very nice. It gets really busy at certain times but it is totally worth it.
5	Can't wait to try more from their menu!  I needed appetizers for a gathering after work.  I ordered the Four Dip Combo:  Tzaziki; Hummus; Lebni; and Melizanosalata.  The Melizanosalata with roasted eggplant, garlic, olive oil, and lemon juice was my favorite! But all four were super delicious!  It came with warm, yummy pita bread.  They were a big hit!  Just because I can't pass up on dessert, I also got the baklava.  OMG - it was perfect, not too sweet, just perfection!  I arrived right around 5 pm, just before a huge rush!  :-)  Will be back for a full meal!
4	I love this place! Consistently good, and nice people. I always get the Falafel pita. Best in town!
5	This is my VERY favorite Greek Restaurant in the US hands down. The Greek fries are yummy, the hummus is so very fine!  Literally. The lamb is seasoned to perfection and the serving size is huge! Worth every penny!
5	This is my favorite restaurant! I eat here 3-4 times a week. I have never had a bad meal here. No matter what I try, it is always delicious! This place is family run and they take pride in serving great food. If you go during peak hours you may have to wait, after all it is a small place. It'll be worth it though it's so yummy!
4	Finally popped this bookmark....how does the GYRO fare??The Great Greek Gyro ($7.50): Beef-Lamb, Lettuce, Tomato, Red Onions, Feta Cheese, and Tzaziki. This was very good, with LARGE thick slices of meat, and heavy...had to be a POUND of goodies! Yum!I think the meat here is a little thicker than the others I've tried, and it was seasoned well with just the right amount of salt.  But when I compare it to my current favorite, this one didn't really blow my mind.  Now I have to try the other spot again to refresh my memory, to see if it really WAS that good.Check it out if you are in the area!  :)
5	Someone recommended The Great Greek and boy was I impressed! I had the grilled marinade shrimp with extra pita bread...sooooo good! The restaurant was clean and the service was food.  Will definitely be going back.
5	Everything was fresh.  Rice was perfectly cooked. Service was outstanding. And it was priced well.
3	Falafel wrap is good.  Be warned:  portions are big, so come hungry.The feta fries are ok.  The feta just doesn't melt well like other cheeses, so I was disappointed with the "upgrade."The dolmathes (stuffed grape leaves) were not good.  Too oily.  Not enough rice.  They were on the thin sized.  Daphne's Greek Cafe's dolmathes are better.Restaurant is small, so come early if you plan to eat inside.  Prices are reasonable and bathrooms are clean.
5	Love this food!!! Can never get enough!!!! I come here at least once a week!!! We always get the chicken Greek salad!!! The portions are big and I always have left overs. Staff is very friendly and when I call in my order it is always ready for me when I arrive!!!
5	We really enjoy the food and the service at this cafe. Great portions, great price, great people. Did I mention they have the best baklava EVER! Yum yum yum! I can't wait for our next visit.
5	Food was wonderful, clean restaurant, fast service and all around great experience! Definitely a new fave for my family
5	I don't come to this side of town often, but as soon as I decided to meet my friend with the big fat greek appetite I knew we would be coming here.  Great Greek is certainly where it's at for gyros! A hearty portion of wonderfully flavored beef/lamb meat is sliced thick and surrounded by a warm fluffy pita (the kind you'd feel comfortable resting your head upon if you weren't ready to devour it) in this truly special gyro!  I'm not sure if I would bestow it with the title of best gyro in the valley, but it is certainly one of the best. ... add some Feta Fries and a Greek Salad if you brought your beast appetite... or just want to save some for later because both are great options here. I tried some of my friends Avgolemono Soup...another great addition!I haven't had the opportunity to try any of their other dishes, but I would order whatever I was in the mood for with confidence based on the quality of what I had.
5	I have been to this place over a dozen times in the past 6 months and it is AMAZING!!!!  The service is always friendly and helpful.I usually get the hummus appetizer (ask for extra pita bread!!) steak-lamb gyro and fries.  You would never think that fries would be good at a place like this but they are delicious!  A little crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. I have also tried their greek salad with chicken. So good, especially if you are watching your waistline.  A little of their dressing goes a long way.If you have room for dessert you need to get their rice pudding.
2	I'm not sure what all the fuss is about this place but I can honestly say the best part of the food was the pita my gyro meat was cold and the fries were not seasoned. The chicken souvlaki was okay but tasted like it was old. The salad was just plain with some feta cheese and dressing plus this was kinda expensive. You do get a lot of food for the price but you won't eat most of it
5	Amazing food! the Feta fries are chronic.Super nice staff. I am never disappointed with the beef/lamb gyro.*Update- this is now my regular place to go because the food is soo amazing. I always bring my family from out of town and it never disappoints.
5	I've been to this restaurant probably 4 times so far and I'm surprised I haven't given a 5-star review yet! Quite possibly the best chicken gyro I've ever had and their salad is right there with it (those are the only 2 things I've had).One thing I did notice though is that the time it takes for food to come out can be long. I know that it bothered me a couple times primarily bc I had a to-go order and needed to get back to class, but the food took over 30 minutes to come out. However, the flavor and quality of the food made up for it. Just know that this isn't a stop and go kind of restaurant.Prices are fair for what you're getting. Middle eastern/greek food is always going to be on the more pricier side, but then again its the quality that matters so the prices here are decent.Service is great and everyone is nice over there! I'll be back for more!
5	Came here for dinner the other night and I was glad to finally check this place out. Inside isn't huge, but it was clean and there was a girl constantly cleaning tables and the floor under them. The woman at the counter who took our order was nice and gave us a number to put on the table. It took about 15 minutes for the food to come out, but the place was busy and they claimed to be making everything fresh so I didn't mind.I ordered a side "Classic Greek Salad" priced at $4.95 with house made Greek vinaigrette. The salad had crisp greens, tomatoes, cucumbers, red onion, kalamata olives (has pits...be careful!) and feta cheese. The salad tasted fresh and the dressing was delicious. The salad also came with some grilled pita bread that I put some cucumber and tomato on and folded it up to grub on. Yum! Hubby got a burger (said the patty seemed frozen) and made it a combo with "Feta Fries" for us to share. The fries were excellent! Especially dipped in some of their tzaziki. I will be back to try a gyro and baklava. They also have tables outside if eating inside isn't your thing or you can call ahead and place your order to-go. Ask about their family meal deals, they have a couple to choose from.
2	This place should be renamed "cucumber heaven" in my opinion lol. I haven't had this type of food before so when I saw a lot of things with cucumber and tzaziki onthe menu I knew my order would be customised. The lady who took my order seemed friendly but she might need a q-tip because my order was eff-ed up. I ordered the Athenian Burger and when the lady said it had the tomatoes, salad, and cheese would all be mixed together in tzaziki I told her to leave all of that salad stuff off and just put feta cheese on my burger. The wait for my burger was long and that was okay but when you bring me a burger that is obviously a frozen patty and put the salad on it that I asked you to leave off something is wrong. I did say something but it would have been a 15 minute wait for a new burger so I just said I would take the salad mixture off of my burger and deal with it. The burger was terrible. Then I tried the Feta Fries that I ordered and hot damn they were good! The fries were great but the gross burger and my lack of taste for cucumbers will not bring me back here.
5	The food here is close to perfection in every Greek way. Reasonably priced and delicious. The only drawback is that  it does get busy here at dinner time and there are not that many tables so you may have to order to go. Great service and once again this is probably the skimpiest food review I will ever post because everything here is really good! You can't criticize perfection, the end.
5	One word. BOMB. 1st timer at a Greek mediterranean restaurant all though I had Gyros b4. Found out I been pronouncing it wrong this hole time but let's get to the point. Food was excellent, friendly service, definitely a Henderson crowd favorite. If u want to dine it, it's hard to find a seat during prime lunch hours. But 5 stars all the way.
5	I know everyone raves about the Gyros, but the Souvlaki plates here are incredible. Skip the Feta Fries and check out the rice pilaf. You won't be disappointed.  This place has great service but small dining room. It's perfect for grabbing some food to go.
5	I love this place! My classmate and I come here for lunch at least once a week. We go so much they know our names and I'm not at all ashamed. The service is great - always friendly, always prompt. One time Jeck (Jack? I don't know how to spell his name) saw us shivering at the outside tables and came out to get us when a table inside opened up. There has never once been a mistake with our orders. I always get the beef-lamb gyro combo with a side salad for ~$10. Since I always save the side salad for my dinner, that's a pretty good deal! The gyro is tender and flavorful, the tzatziki is just the right consistency, and the pita is always soft and delicious. I rarely give 5-star reviews, but this is one my favorite Henderson haunts and they deserve it!
4	Tried this for the first time over the weekend. Based on all the other reviews, we tried the lamb-beef gyro, which was really good. I liked the thick slices of meat and that the gyro was packed full. Have had gyros at other places in the past that have such dry meat. The Great Greek knows how it's done! We also grabbed a couple of sides of grilled chicken skewers for our kids, and they shared our fries. The chicken  was buttery, lemony, garlicky good. Wasn't a thing left over. Really want to try their famous rice pudding, as well as their veggie app platter next time.
2	Not very good service. I ordered the Greek salad wrap, 15 minutes later still sitting with no food. Went up to counter to inquire, older woman told me chicken takes awhile to cook. I told her, my order has no meat in it. She just kept saying, it was the chicken. I told her, no meat! She said it would be out in a minute. She brought my friends food and then we waited another 5 minutes for my meatless, cold salad wrap..  She dropped off a piece of baklava without a word. Sorry to say, not a big fan of nuts. Our fries with feta came next (we have now been here for almost 30 minutes) fries are plain, no cheese. Won't be back, definitely won't recommend
3	Came here to see what the hype around the feta fries was all about. They were alright, felt like I could have made them at home. Nothing really special about them, still good though. Got good service and the staff was really nice and friendly.
5	Always really fresh and awesome food , I can't help but to order the same thing .... I  CRAVE it! It's the best Greek place ice been to in Vegas !!
5	The grilled shrimp was excellent at a reasonable price. Grilled perfectly, great fresh taste. Crispy fries and fresh salad. If I lived here, I would frequent this place! I took some baklava to go. Delicious!
5	This place has great food with generous portions! I got the beef/lamb gyros wrap to go. When I got home I opened it up and was really glad that I was super hungry because it was a pretty stuffed wrap.The meat is tender, juicy and flavorful without being too salty or greasy. The feta cheese and tzatziki sauce added a nice dimension.My only complaint that isn't really a complaint because it's also kind of a good thing is that it's messy. With the feta and tzatziki loaded on top, and the wrap stuffed full makes it a good messy. Especially when it gets to the part where its wrapped, use caution when unwrapping to be able to continue enjoying it as a wrap and not a splat.
5	AMAZING!!!  We drive all the way from Summerlin.  A good 30 minute drive!!!! Everything is delicious.  Please build a cafe in Summerlin!!
4	It was my turn to pick lunch and The Great Greek had been on my bookmarks for a long time.  The location is small inside and seemed to be busy the entire time we were there.  There is also patio seating that will accommodate once the weather warms up a bit.  I had excellent service.  The gentleman helping us was very helpful since we told him it was our first time in.  I had ordered the grilled garlic shrimp plate.  It was accompanied with feta fries and pita bread.   Delicious!  There were 2 skewers of shrimp with 4 on each.   This was definitely plenty to fill my stomach.  Not to mention the outstanding fries.  This was my first time having these and I love feta cheese.  Yum.   My plate also came with a side salad which I didn't finish.  The dressing was a little bit much and overpowering.  But overall it was great.   I had asked the gentlemen if they had lemon potatoes since they weren't on the menu.   They do!  You just have to ask them to make them.  I might just have to go back soon to try those out! So the business name fits the review - Great Greek! Opa!
4	I'd like to give this place 3.5 stars, but I guess I can round up.It is a clean little restaurant in a strip mall, with a nice outdoor area complete with fountain. That said, I didn't expect world-class Greek and a wine list.I ordered the Greek bowl with gyro meat, hubby ordered the gyro with side salad. Then, we sat down to wait.After a brief wait, we got our order of dolmathes. They were skinny and soaked in oil and, frankly, not that good. But, I'm addicted to Mezze Foods' dolmas, so it would take a miracle to find any worth comparison.We sipped iced tea and proceeded to wait for dinner.And wait...And wait...And watch both parties that came after us get served...And wait...And, just as I heard my husband's stomach actually complain louder than he was whining, the food came.Lots of it. Fresh and tasty. Absolutely no complaints about food quality - yummy. Plenty of feta and meat, nice crunchy greens, good dressing.One thing I will say, particularly to those who complained of "too much" cheese on their food: No. Such. Thing. Weirdos. Loved that my salad was nice and cheesy, much like my hubby. :) But, worth the wait? Meh.
5	We love this place!  It is a very clean family owned restaurant and the pride in their work and food shows!  I am a VERY picky eater and have an allergy to cheese and I feel that they always take that seriously when I tell them No Cheese on anything of mine.  Thank you!  I also can't say enough about how good the food is here too.  I love the chicken kabobs and the shrimp ones are OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!!!  I am a huge fan of their Greek Salad and their gyro meat as well.  We get carryout about 3 times per week and would eat here more often if we could.  :)
5	I have been meaning to try this place for quite a while now after seeing the reviews. Well Thank you fellow yelpers! You never let me down! I had the chicken gyro with a side of feta fries. The chicken was delicious! Very moist and flavorful. Just the right amount of ingredients on a soft fresh pita! The fries were tasty and not at all greasy! The staff here is so friendly and I had great service! I have been looking for a good Greek place on my side of town and I finally found it! Adding this to my list of favorite restaurants
5	I come here regularly, as it is by far the best Greek food spot I've been to in town. My favorites are the grilled shrimp (either the entree, or added on a salad). The marinade/seasoning they use on the shrimp is flippin delicious. I'm also a fan of the falafel and greek fries.It's family owned and I've always had great customer service. Try it, you won't be disappointed.
3	the Great Greek Gyro was very filling (i couldn't finish it)...a little bummed they were all out of chicken, but the lamb was just as satisfying...the gyro was filled with fresh lettuce, tomatoes, red onions, feta cheese and tzatziki sauce...delish!
5	Best gyro in Las Vegas! I say that with confidence because I strongly dislike lamb yet LOVE the way Great Greek serves it's gyros. If you are in town you have to visit this hidden gem outside of the city. The only thing I dislike is that it is closed on Sundays (hahah can't complain much about that though, they are open 6 days a week!). The rice is amazing too I have to have an extra order of rice to go! Overall a great affordablePlace to eat.
4	I think my rating would be closer to 3.5, but I rounded up instead of down because I really enjoyed the food.It is a small family-owned restaurant in a strip mall, close to Sunset Station.  This place is really close to my apartment, and since it was highly rated on Yelp, my boyfriend and I chose to go here to satisfy a craving for gyros.We called our order in to go ahead of time, and the lady said it would be ready in 15 minutes.  When we got to the restaurant, we waited in line for a bit, and got to the counter -- only for them to tell us they didn't have our order in the system and didn't remember taking it.  This interaction threw me off a little bit, because the lady who took our order on the phone only 30 minutes before was the one telling us that we must have dialed the wrong number.  She had us show the call history on my boyfriend's phone to make sure we called the right number.  What other number is there to call???She did apologize though (after trying to verify that we, indeed, talked to her and not another employee), and gave us a free piece of baklava.  That was nice.  It was too sweet for my boyfriend, so I ate pretty much all of it (yum).As for the food, it was extremely tasty and fresh.  My boyfriend had the lamb gyro with feta fries.  He thought the gyro was great; the fries would have been better if the feta cheese could have melted into the fries instead of sitting on top of it.  My order was the gyro plate with rice pilaf, which was excellent.  The rice was seasoned great and the gyro was delicious.  It was actually a lot more than I could eat and ended up being two meals for me, which is pretty good for a $10 plate.  It also came with salad, which is another meal in itself.The phone situation was pretty offputting, but the food is good enough and this place is close enough that we'll probably make this our go-to locale for Greek food.  Perhaps we will just order in person instead.
1	The food here is just as good as any other Greek place.  But that woman behind the counter is just a B****!  The way she talks to her employees, like they are her slaves then turns to the customer like nothing happened.  If a mistake is made she blows it off and  infers it's the customers problem.  I'd rather go to the mall rather than take her crap!
5	Upon arriving in Las Vegas today I enjoyed a simple, well crafted dinner from The Great Greek. True to other's comments the feta fries were unique and tasty. I was a little worried the fries would be soggy with the added cheese but they were crispy to the last bite. The gyro was warm lamb with cool veggies. A little double flavor with the white sauce on the gyro and feta fries. Knowing that now I may have gone with the falafel. All in all a delightful meal if you have a few minutes to wait for fresh made food in a small restaurant.
4	I had lunch here today and arrived at the apex of the rush.  However the staff gets many kudos for understanding customer service.   When I ordered my food I told the server that I would wait outside so as to avoid the "leering" at tables that eventually happens.   Here is how they view customer service.   When a table became available it was a 6 top.   When I mentioned to the server that I was a solo diner he said,  " You are a customer waiting for your food,  this is your table. "  I was blown away as customers were still arriving.   However about 2 minutes later a 2 top became available so I moved.   The server when he brought my food thanked me for the change and asked if I needed anything else.   I had the falafel pita and feta fries.   I love the way they cooked the falafel.  It was still moist and crusty but never fried to hockey puck consistency.   They added crunch by putting whole chick peas in the pita.   Oh, here is the secret to bringing the feta fries to life. ..they provide a lemon wedge with the fries. .squeeze over the fries. ..extra special taste!   I will be a returning customer as they understand customer service. .....
4	We were blown away by the excellence of this Greek place. My mom got the shrimp entree; succulent mild shrimp over rice, topped with a scattering of raisins and sliced almonds, and served with greek salad; it was fantastic. The pita bread was the best we had ever had. Good hummus, too. I tried the famous rice pudding (far too sweet and heavy for me - Paymon's Mediterranean Cafe on Maryland Pkwy has the best) and the baklava (just okay). Staff was entirely Greek; family-owned place, with the requisite blue and white everywhere. Made me smile with the predictability of it all. In a good way. The wife-side of the ownership came by our table and chatted with us; very pleasant. There is another Greek spot very nearby; I had a hard time deciding which to try. It may be good as well, but I'm so glad I picked this one! It's not fancy, but there are tablecloths and they do serve wine and beer, with a couple of imported Greek beers.
5	I love, love this place!  So far it's the only place I have found that has avgolemeno soup. It's so good, always very very hot. Tiny little place, and the wait for food can take a little while- especially if ordering take out. But worth the wait.  The greek fries are delicious and the best in town.  definitely a must try.
5	I joke with friends that I could easily eat here every day of the week and not have a problem with it or get sick of it. It is by far the best Greek restaurant in Henderson, and I'd argue it may even be the best in Vegas. I typically order the chicken bowl but also really enjoy when they have lamb on their specials menu (this changes daily which I appreciate because it means the meat is very fresh). The portion is normally large enough that I have enough for a snack later in the day which makes the somewhat high price (in my opinion) worth it. All of the food here is very light and fresh and is a great pick me up after a long stressful day. The service is always incredibly friendly as well. I definitely go there regularly, and look forward to many more meals there.
5	Whenever I have a chance to eat here I'm always impressed. The Great Greek Rice Bowl with falafel is one of the best plates.
5	I didn't have much time.Just popped in to get a gyro.It was incredibly good.  one of the best I've ever tasted!
5	If you read no further, try the Feta Fries! Cute and Clean little neighborhood restaurant. Menu is easy to follow and service was pretty good. Even though the manager was visibly stressed due to having to correct the kitchen staff on an order before us, she still greeted us at the register politely and with a smile! Picked our order up to-go and the place was still busy at 7:45pm! The to-go portions are huge, neatly packed, but it would be nice if they had included napkins. I would highly recommend trying the Feta Fries!
5	I could probably eat here for the rest of my life! I've tried a lot of different things on the menu and they're all delicious.  My favorite is the greek salad wrap with chicken, it is perfectly tangy and delightful but the gyro is solid too.  My boyfriend always gets the falafel which he loves and sometimes if we're feeling wild we'll get dolmades and hummus.  I almost forgot about the feta fries!!!  Great Greek is really doing something right with those fries they're the best.  I believe its family owned and the woman behind the counter is always so sweet and welcoming.  It can get pretty busy though so we always order it over the phone and pick it up, otherwise there are about 8 tables or so inside- not bad but it can get packed
4	Hnmmm.I'm iffy on this one. Borderline 3 to 4 stars.So, it's windy as all hell and is raining around 745pm when we get there. There are still people in and eating. A young girl with dark hair and glasses takes our order, gives us our drink cup, and our number.We order 2 gyros ...The beef/lamb combo, and of course, I had to try the feta fries.Our food comes... and it's neither hot, or cold. Maybe this is how greek gyros are..? I'm not sure. The meat wasn't even warm...While the meat was amazing, melt in your mouth barely had to chew it....The sauce and the feta was out of this world... It really didn't have any texture. The little mess of lettuce/tomato/onion was practically non existent.I WOULD BATHE IN THE FETA FRIES.The fries were crunchy, warm, and covered, but not drowning in cheese. My guy and I were practically fighting over them, and I had enough self control to not pick at the lonely cheese left behind on the wax paper.My guy stepped up and went to the bathroom. That's how I was able to see what I'm about to explain next.The younger girl with dark hair and glasses that took our order was wiping tables, when a cook from the back got her attention... He made some sort of hand gesture towards her. She stops wiping down tables, goes to the cooler that has the drinks in it by the register, pulls out a beer, and walks down the hallway.She opens the door directly at the end of the hallway, and hands off the beer....Drinking on the job.....? Is that why you are serving cold food?meh. Maybe it's just me.I wouldn't mind eating here again, but I don't think I'll be driving by wishing I was inside.3.5 Stars.
5	I just moved out here (from Orlando, FL) 10 days ago.  In those 10 days I haven't had a meal that I would classify past substandard.  Not only did I just eat the best Gyro and Feta fries that I've ever had, It's also the best meal I've had since making the move.  I will definitely be coming back here weekly.
4	This place was packed I went at 430. So it was dinner time I got the gyro platter with feta fries to go. It came with aside salad also. Feta fries were so good never heard of them before the fries alone were nice and crispy. The gyro was good but I didn't get any onion on it and I asked for everything on it. It had what looked like pica digalo. Just tiny chopped up tomatoes with looked like cilantro in it. It was still tasty though.Last complaint is they cut the pita in half. This makes it really hard to eat. But it was still good
5	Great food when we don't feel like cooking and it's right around the corner from the house. It appears to be a family-owned place and that always is a plus for me.We have never been disappointed with the quality of the food or service. Keep up the good work.
5	Best authentic Greek food in town, hands down! The flavors are rich and zesty, the people are friendly, the atmosphere is energetic. For a great overall taste of the menu, I recommend the Mezze plate.
5	Great gyro plate... Tasty feta fries... Very clean. Little on the expensive side but they give you a ton of food.
5	Great food!!  But again had to park to find no seats and a line. Had to eat elsewhere again.  Empty store right next door. Expand please
5	We love this place! The food is fantastic and staff are wonderful. Go get a great Greek wrap asap!
5	It's so good that we seriously need to consider leaving bad reviews -- it's getting too busy!
5	I love coming to this place. Great service and food. Not to mention they can get your food out super quick. If you haven't been yet I highly recommend going.
5	Since I moved to Henderson I've been looking for some good falafel.  I found it at Great Greek.  When my wife was out of town I ate there 3 times.  Their grilled shrimp also delicious, get it with the feta fries.  It may be a little pricey, but it's to die for.  I would recommend it to anyone looking for s great Gyro, baklava, or anything Greek head on over to the Great Greek.  You won't regret it.
4	I'm a huge fan of Mediterranean food so we decided to try this place out for lunch on a Saturday.The place has indoor and outdoor seating which would be nice on a warm day. (we sat indoors as it was not)Very casual dining atmosphere.The food was very good and the price was very reasonable.I had the Gyro sandwich combo with soup and a drink and it filled me up.The only downside that prevented me from giving 5 stars was that the Baklava that I ordered never came... The brought out all our food except for the baklava but since we were so full we forgot about it until we got back home... so partially our fault too I guess??Either way, good food, good service, good price = Will be back.Good to take friends, family, coworkers, and a date.
4	I've had this place bookmarked for a long time, but what finally pushed me to go now was a recommendation for their Avgolemono soup. Greek is one of my favorite cuisines since I grew up with gyros, tzatziki, baklava, etc and it can be tough to please (though I don't consider myself an authority on the matter). Either way, I really enjoyed The Great Greek and I just wish it weren't so far away!I started with Avgolemono ($3.50), a traditional Greek soup made with simple ingredients - chicken broth, egg, lemon, and rice. I had to try The Great Greek Gyros ($7.95): beef & lamb (the other choice is chicken), lettuce, tomato, red onion, feta cheese, and tzatziki all stuffed into a folded fluffy pita. I also ordered a side of Feta Fries ($3).Side note: You can add Feta Fries and a fountain drink to your sandwich for $3.45. All other combinations (regular fries, rice pilaf, Avgolemono, or Greek salad) plus the fountain drink is just $2.95. I'm not sure how much a drink costs separately, but this is still a great deal!Gyro is actually the traditional preparation of meat on the iconic vertical spit, but we associate the name with sandwiches since it is typically served as that. Although not the traditional choice of meat in Greece (it's pork), there is a 50-50 combination of beef and lamb that we have come to love in America (also dubbed gyro meat). At least I love it. It's so good. I don't even care that it doesn't resemble either animal or that it falls apart easily. It's delicious. Good Beef & Lamb: Roasted appropriately with a bit of juice, some crust doesn't hurt (yum), and cut about a centimeter thick. Although their gyro meat didn't have a crust, it was still delicious. I loved the fresh tomato, onion, lettuce, feta, and refreshing tzatziki. The pita was nice as well. The soup was tasty and they generously served a whole pita with it (cut into four slices). The Feta Fries were good, but not amazing. Either way, fabulous meal and good prices! I will definitely try some of their other Greek specialties next time.
4	My first time coming here I got the lamb gyro which is a little less than $8. They let you add a side along with a drink for $3 so the total comes out about $12. Ever since, I've gotten the same thing and it fills me up every time- lamb gyro, feta fries and a drink. The lamb gyro is great and feta fries are probably one of the best fries I've ever had - I would honestly just come for the feta fries! Anyways, if it was slightly cheaper, I'd probably give it 5 stars. It can also get busy so come early or call ahead!
4	Ample portions with quick service, The Great Greek was an excellent lunch for our family. The warm pita is delicious as well as the hummus. If we lived in the area, we would be regulars. The service was high quality especially for a restuarant where you order at the counter. At one point during the meal my son asked for sauce off of my plate, and within two minutes the sauce appeared, even without me or my son having to ask. Great service and good food for the cost.
5	Best gyro in Vegas hands down. Pretty much a must whenever we're on this side of town. Thank you Nordstrom Rack.
5	Been here several times but never posted a review. Not only is the food delicious, well cooked, and perfectly seasoned, but the wonderful service you receive from this small business is awesome. I wish larger businesses in the area would practice the same wonderful customer service that The Great Greek has consistently provided. Love having this great place in Henderson!!
4	Stopped by around 6pm and ordered The Great Greek Gyro ($7.95) with chicken.  Unfortunately It took somewhere between 20-25 minutes to get my food!  This would have been okay at a sit down restaurant but at a order at the counter sort of place I feel that 25 minutes is way too long. Seemed a little unorganized between the kitchen and cash register which really shouldn't have been going on considering there were only about 4 tables full and a few to go orders placed.  I was pretty HANGRY (hungry and angry) by the time I got home but after my first bite almost all was forgiven!! Delicious chicken with just the right amount of feta and tzatziki sauce! Probably the best gyro I have ever had so despite how long it took I have to give the Great Greek 4 stars and return again hoping for faster service. During the long hiatus before I got my food I also noticed that they had a great beer selection (Hoegaarden, Guiness, IPA, Stella)  so maybe I will come back for a sit down with a gyro and beer next time.
5	My go to place for gyros!! I can't find another place that comes close! The gyro meat is so tender and I love how they put the feta cheese on them at no charge. The sauce is very flavorful as well. Greek salad and feta fries are my two favorite sides. I definitely recommend trying this place if you haven't already done so. You won't regret it!
4	Get the great greek bowl with shrimp. Not even kidding, that thing is delicious. It's a huge bowl of soft, moist rice pilaf topped with cucumber salad and tomatoes and lettuce and feta cheese and tzatziki sauce, garbanzo beans,  and your choice of protein. It's basically a Greek salad on steroids, with some rice. And that shrimp is the bomb dot com, no lie. Grilled and seasoned to herby, lemony perfection. Light but filling meal, adding extra cucumber sauce isn't even necessary because the abundance of ingredients already provides enough flavor.The great Greek gyro was also tasty- pillowy pita with a good portion of beef-lamb topped with red onion, tomato, feta, and more tzatziki. It's a good gyro, dont get me wrong, but Vegas has some good gyros- the bowl is a bit more unique.Added the soup, a flavorful lemony broth filled with chicken and rice. Tastier than many other places ice tried it, and as a side, the portion is quite large.I'm not in Henderson often, but when I am, I'll be keeping this place on my radar.
5	Really good food! The Gyro plate is such a GOOD DEAL! You get so much Gyro meat for your money. They give you a Greek salad, that is really fresh. Then you get a choice between fries or rice. And they give you so much Gyro lamb and beef. And it was really delicious.The girl working the counter was very friendly. Restaurant was clean and so was the bathroom. I live about 15-20 minutes from here but I will definitely be back again.
5	I crave greek food every now and then. I'm so glad this place is right in front of my house. My favorite is the really warm pita bread with hummus!! I can eat pita bread everyday. :)
5	Delicious fresh food, friendly service and nice indoor and outdoor seating. The lamb/beef gyro is huge and perfectly seasoned. The feta fries are simply delicious. Perfect lunch spot.
5	I had ordered The Great Greek Gyro with Grilled Chicken and Feta Fries. It was delicious!
5	Colleague recommended this place. We walked to it from our hotel after a workshop. Fresh fast food. Comes out hot. Ordered a plate of grape leaves and they were large and seasoned well Great price for 6 of them! Loved the salad bowl with warm rice, Topped it with salmon and it was delicious. Very filling meal. Casual dining, outdoor seating as well. Good prices. Vegan foods available.
5	I've never taken the time to post, this time I made the time. Love this place! Food is fresh with great flavor. Love the Greek Salad, Lamb Gyros and Feta Fries. Busy but don't worry, you won't wait long and it's worth it!
2	I guess GREAT sounds better than FAIR Greek Grill, but that's what it is, fair compared to the Greek in Houston, Chicago, Denver, etc.  The Gyros were flavorful but dry and some pieces slightly crunchy.  The salad wasn't very Greek: a sprinkle of Feta and 2 kalamata olives drenched in a way-too-oily dressing? Come on.  The tzatziki only tasted of yogurt, no other flavors, so thank goodness they had Sriracha.  Fries were standard.  The pita was good.  I didn't get Baklava because it wasn't shiny as all other Baklava I've eaten has been.  The woman at the counter seemed bothered by me despite my 20% tip paying at the counter.  She didn't even give me a water cup.  She just wanted to chat with a couple of regulars.  If you don't know Greek, it'll be bomb.  If you do...this place will disappoint.
5	This place is the best in town.It is consistently delicious with SUCH courteous service. I recommend this place to any and every person in the area. You won't be disappointed. The mezze plate completes me.Last time we ordered from them, my husband went to pick up the food and there was an incredibly rude and obnoxious patron and we got a free baklava for the inconvenience. They didn't say anything, just slipped it into the bag. Needless to say, it was the greatest baklava I've ever had. LOVE this place!
5	Everything on the menu is delicious! I think they have really excellent pita. The salads are excellebt. I also really love the chicken and rice bowl! All their ingredients taste really fresh! What I love most about the place is that it's quick and they are very friendly!
2	I really don't know why I see so many 5 star reviews, where are people's taste buds? I think its because it's the most decent "Greek" you can find in Henderson. I got suckered into the hype but I have had way better. I called in an order for pick-up. The guy put me on hold but I hung up after hearing him chat the whole time with another customer about irrelevant stuff. Second time I called the guy took my order and I liked how fast he turned around my order, said it would be ready in 15 minutes. The restaurant is a bit small but it's really cute. It has an outdoor seating area with shades and a water fountain. The inside looks very clean and organized. I ordered two gyro sandwiches and a combo which comes drink and fries. The guy that took my order was a lot nicer in person and very cute I must say. When I got home I chowed down and it was satisfying but not out of this world. The amount of meat was good, how gyros should be, but it was not that marinated it was bland. The tzatziki sauce did not taste much like cucumber or the fresh dill it's described as but it had a lot of feta which made it taste better. The fries were ok.I want to give the greek bowl a chance. Place is convenient for Hendersonians but I rather drive and use my gas tank to Las Vegas and go to The Fat Greek on the corner of Flamingo and Decatur. My review is from 2011, check it out but my thoughts have not changed. Maybe I held my standards high for this place in comparison but I'll update this review if my mind changes.
4	I'm a big fan of their Greek Salad.  I usually get it with slices of lamb in it...
5	Simply the best greek food in Vegas. Gyro plate has a very generous helping of perfect meat. The rice is wonderful and the side salads are extremely fresh.
5	I swear the baklava gets better and better. Every time I go... its better. Greek salad... I am addicted!
5	I love this place.  The employees are sweet.  The food is filling, everything is amazing about this place!  Nothing more and nothing less.
4	I have been here 3 times in the past month... My first time I had the gyro plate, with a large portion of gyro meat, rice and salad - the tzatziki is amazing, slightly tart - rich flavor, sooooo yummy I wanted to bathe in it!  I couldn't wait to go back!I met a girlfriend for lunch last Friday and had the Greek salad with falafel, again, I was so happy with the freshness of the food - the portions are perfect and the service is really good - the entire staff is helpful and friendly. My friend had the grilled salmon - oh my gosh, it was so good (even though we had to wait a little longer, it was worth it!).  All in all I was very happy on my second visit.Saturday I met another friend for lunch - this time I ordered the rice bowl and had the gyro meat again.  Again, delicious and I just couldn't get enough tzatziki!My friend had the chicken rice bowl and was very pleased with the portion size and taste.  It was pretty busy for 2pm on Saturday, but still had great service from very attentive front end workers.  I am a fan for life!
4	I'd be happy coming here just for loads and loads of spanikopita. Mmmm perfect snack. Other food is good too.
5	I will get the only complaint I have out of the way first....my wife and I had planned on eating in (today's date) but upon opening the front door a rather unpleasant smell hit us. I assume they were boiling and peeling eggs and it took over the entire place. So we got the food to go and it was really great. The giros are top notch and the feta fries are out of this world. Will be going back but please guys.....no smells next time!
5	Fabulous!!!! I work in the area and I been going to Kyklos in the Galleria Mall for years! Well today I thought I'd give this place a shot! Loooove it! I ordered the Rice Plate and chose chicken as my meat. Glad I did! Everything is so flavorful!! I thought how good could can rice taste, it's rice? WRONG! It's so good!! They put a scoop of rice in the middle, salad along the outer edges and your choice of meat on top. It is the most favorable Greek food I've ever had! Everything compliments each other. Not a fan of garbanzo beans which are in the salad, funny? I don't mind them! All the flavors compliment each other! Oh I will be back! Yum!!!!
4	Do they put crack in their food?!? It is so extremely addicting. I get an undeniable craving for the Great Greek at least once a week.The restaurant itself is casual and small but has many tables to dine in at, and they have outdoor seating as well. It does get busy but you'll get a table soon enough. You can also call ahead to take out. The service is OK. The employees are nice enough and they're great about clearing tables. It usually takes me quite a bit of time after ordering to get the food but it's so worth the wait. Their classic greek salad is delicious. The hummus and pita is the perfect side dish or snack. They also include pita with the salad so I try just to get a small side of hummus and not the whole appetizer dish. The portions are great. If you haven't tried this place I'll warn you, the food is so amazing that your first taste will make you a hopeless Great Greek addict just like me! I'm going to need a support group soon because my husband must think I have a serious problem with how often I want to come here!
5	Living in new York City for years I ate at countless greek diners as well as upscale greek restaurants. So I know greek food well. This is real deal. Delicious food and friendly service. I will be back real soon..
5	Hands down best Greek food in Las Vegas. I have lived here for over 20 years and have tried almost all the Greek restaurants and this is the best Greek food. I attended the Greek festival a few years ago and fell in love with these fries that I could not find at any of the restaurants until I came here. Seriously the best feta fries especially when you squeeze lemon over it. Simply amazing!
4	Delicious. Love the gyros and the feta fries. A little pricey. Great customer service
4	If you are in Henderson and want a great Greek meal you need to go here. I love a good pita and that sauce I cannot spell. The folks here are super friendly and will also give you a soda while you wait. Price wise it is affordable and filling. Good portions and great staff. Go here if you have not been. It can get busy so be patient. Not a large space but they have outdoor seating if needed.
4	We had the garlic shrimp plate about $13 and the chicken plate about $12. The place is clean but small. Grab a table right away they go quick. Service was efficient. The food is awesome. Fresh clean taste and the ingredients are quality. The only thing that keeps me from giving this place 5 stars is that the desserts was a limited selection and the plate doesn't come with hummus.
5	This is THE best dive in Henderson!  Great food, great service and always packed.Whenever I'm in the mood for a gyro, this is the only place I go.  They also have great salads, great chicken, and the humus is amazing!If you're ever in this neck of the proverbial woods, stop by and give it a try!
5	We arrived in Henderson after a day at Bryce Canyon. We stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn and we quite hungry. Thanks to Yelp I spotted great reviews for this Greek Restaurant which turned out to be across the street. We came to the little restaurant that had some tables inside but chose to sit outside as it was on the cooler side inside. My 2 children ordered the large Greek salads that came with hot, toasted pita wedges. My husband and I each ordered the chicken souvlaki platter that came with small Greek salads, rice pilaf and the pita wedges. The chicken was really flavorful and my picky 17 year old proclaimed, "that's the best chicken I've ever tasted!" The salads were delicious and very crisp and fresh! My daughter also ordered a baklava for dessert to eat back at the hotel and it was gobbled up. ( she loved it and normally doesn't like nuts). We loved our meal and wish they were by our home in Phoenix. I also have to add that the woman who took our order was super friendly and cheerful. The food was quickly served nice and hot!
5	This is one of the best Greek restaurants in the entire Vegas area. I've never had a bad experience here. The salads are amazing and the Grilled Garlic Shrimp plate is my favorite entree. Go here if you love great food!
5	This is by far the best Greek food I have experienced to date! It will be insanely hard to top the freshness and quality that these guys provide.
5	So good and you can tell the food is made from quality ingredients! Our favorites are the gyros and the feta fries, which are definitely worth the upgrade. The tzatziki sauce is really good, as is their Greek yogurt dip. I love their pita bread, it's so fresh and soft! This is our go-to place when we want Greek food!
5	Came here with a friend for lunch a while back and it was packed so we went to Jason's deli across the way. This time I found a seat I ordered the Great Greek rice bowl which is a 9" bowl with a base of rice pilaf covered with Greek salad and two skewers of chicken. Everything was phenomenal. I really enjoyed the quality of the food. I ended up coming back the next day and ordering the falafel and tzakiki sauce. The falafels were some of the best I've tasted no exaggeration and the sauce actually came with a pity bread which the menu doesn't mention but was a pleasant surprise so I had some pita falafel sandwiches with tzakiki sauce fantastic. I will try everything on the menu eventually and I will also bring my girl here cause she loves this type of food. Oh yea the people that work there are awesome friendly and attentive I really like this place keep doing what you're doing guys n gals!
4	I usually always get the gyro, feta fries, and my gf gets the chicken souvlaki. Their Greek burger is not the best (had the fatty taste - not very appetizing). Their food is very salty, but otherwise pretty good.
5	Wonderful service and delicious food! I always feel  welcomed.  My favorite is the shrimp skewers and hummus! I've tried almost everything on the menu and can't say one bad thing.
5	This place is great.  I wish I would have found it sooner. The chicken gyro is the best. I never had walnut baklava, but after reading the reviews I decided to try it.  Boy am i glad I did. It was delicious. At first I was skeptical, because I hate walnuts. I am glad i tried it. The food was so good I ate there 2 days in a row. I am going to have to control myself, if I don't I will be eating there tomorrow. Normally I would be embarrassed eating in one place so many days in a row, but it's worth it. See ya tomorrow.
5	Delicious! I loooove Greek food and was very pleased with the efficiency of this establishment. I've been to Greece and the food, especially the Avgolemono soup, was PERFECT. Service was on par and overall the experience was great. Will be back in the future :)
5	Best Greek in town!!!! Need I say more? Why are you still reading? Come down here and eat some authentic Greek food. :)
5	So good. Been there a bunch of times and Everything that I've ordered from here tasted awesome! I do however wanna try their desserts, they looks delicious but I'm usually too full to try them.
5	I more than love Great Greek. I could eat here every day if possible. It's more than just delicious food. When I come into Great Greek I feel like a part of the family. Every person who works at Great Greek is friendly, efficient, and they make me want to come back to the restaurant. We met the owners and their family, and each of them thanked us profusely for coming to eat at their establishment. What more could you ask for?Well, I guess you could ask for good food, but that is a given when you come to eat here. There is so much to try and not enough time! I haven't been able to eat the rice due to a gluten allergy - they did not feel confident that the pilaf was OK for me to eat (it rarely is), so I had Feta Fries instead. They were terrible. Never eat them! I will suffer the torment and eat anyone's orders if they don't want them! They're simple, overloaded with dressing and cheese - just delicious with herbs and feta. For $13 you get a Greek Salad with delicious good quality Olive Oil dressing, Pita (if you're not GF), 2 Chicken Souvlaki Skewers, Feta Fries and happiness. Could you ask for more? Their steak is also always cooked a perfect medium rare, and their shrimp are so delicious I could eat 4 skewers and still want more!Their Avgolemono Soup is my favorite...ever. This is made with just white rice, no pilaf. Their hummus is homemade, smooth and delicious, just like everything else on their menu. What's not to love?My husband has had the gyros and the rice bowls and loves them both. The gyros meat is good, not as salty as the meat we had back home in Chicago. He says the rice could be eaten in pounds all day long, the rice bowl is great because when you mix everything together and add a pita nothing can go wrong! I would call ahead if you're ordering take out, or if you want to know their daily special. I've had their grilled lamb chops, and I assure you, it is worth every last dollar spent on that dinner. SO GOOD. The Greek Chicken special is one of my favorites too! You won't go wrong stopping by here! Eat and enjoy!
4	The Great Greek is a great casual restaurant for a get together with friends. All of their items are super delicious, but my favorite is the gyro platter! I've been coming here since opening day, and any time I'm in Henderson, I'll definitely be back. Their service is a little slow (as in you should probably sit down and eat in) so if you were hoping for a fast in and out joint, this place might disappoint.
4	Excellent Greek Food!  After searching around on Yelp for places in my neighborhood, we found the Great Greek.  Most of the reviews raved over this place and I for one can not disagree.  We got in around 3pm on a weekday and this place had a lot of patrons dining at the time, always a great sign.  The food, cleanliness of the dining area and service were top notch!  We started with our orders at the counter.  We explained that it was our first time here and the lady who took our order was very friendly and was kind enough to give up some recommendations on things to try.  We placed an order for a Hummus App, Great Greek Gyro with Lemon soup side and the Chicken Souvlaki with a side salad.  A lot of food for about 27 bucks.  The Hummus which was very good, not the best I've had but very good for the price was out fairly quick.  The Chicken Souvlaki was excellent with the rice pilaf.  The Chicken was very tender and had a great taste.  My wife had the chicken gyro which looked amazing.  Her soup which she was kind enough to let me try tasted great.  Very unique on the taste, the lemon soup can really bring together a great meal.  My salad was good but I really had wished I got that soup, I guess next time!   As a lunch or dinner option, you can't go wrong with the Great Greek.  The menu is diverse and food tastes great.  Decent size portions for the price will probably have you coming back for more.  I for one will be adding this place as one of my regular stops whenever I am in the mood for excellent greek food!
4	Really tasty gyro meat, most places make it so greasy but this was fresh and tender, soft pita bread and a great Greek salad , would go back :)
5	Delicious!!!!! They have the best Falafels in town and the hummus is great too! The services is great despite it being packed all the time. Seating is limited so I would recommend getting your food to go. I think they should expand!!!!!!
5	Simply delicious! BEST Greek food I've had in Vegas! This will definitely be a go to lunch spot for me! So fresh and flavorful!
5	Consistently great food. Always busy and the service is exceptional. Fresh vegetables and meat cooked to order. Love it!
5	Great find!! This is a perfect spot for a quick and tasty meal.  Don't let the fact it's in a strip mall keep you from trying this jewel of a restaurant.  The food is great and the staff is very friendly.
5	This is hands down, one of the best Greek restaurants I have ever been to! I lived in Europe and have been trying to find a restaurant in the states that has the authentic taste I miss... this is the best place that won't break the bank! Not to mention, the friendly people that work there, the filling portions, cleanliness and good variety of options on the menu! If you don't live in Henderson but are in the Las Vegas area, or even just visiting, this is worth the drive!
5	This is a great lunch spot. I am so happy I found this place as I'm always on the lookout for fresh new lunch places! We arrived around 1 and the place was packed.  We had to wait for about 10 mins for a table to open up but I'm so glad that we did. The restaurant was very clean despite the crowd. I ordered the Greek Rice Bowl which had two chicken skewers on a bed of rice covered in lettuce, marinated chickpeas, feta cheese, and kalamata olives.  You can add onion and tomato if that's your thing.  The bowl is deliciously dressed but there is also a side tzatziki sauce which is so good I felt like I could drink it.  At the risk of embarrassing my company, I refrained...in case you were wondering.The only note I would offer is that the place can be a little pricey (almost $30 for two if us).  There are some dishes on the menu (featuring lamb) that are pushing $18 which seemed high for the super casual atmosphere. The staff was very accommodating and super friendly. I will definitely be returning!
5	So good yet so far from me since I'm on the other side of town but this place is so worth the trek over. Having moved from NYC and grown up eating Greek/Mediterranean cuisine in the ethnic enclave of Astoria,  my standards for this cuisine are high. I've tried Fat Greek and Hedary which were both good (by Vegas standards), but this is the only place that lives up to the authenticity and love that comes with NYC Greek food. Love that it is a family run mom and pop type of shop with that personal touch that is so rare in Vegas!Very casual restaurant where you order and pay up front, get a number which you place at your table, and they bring the food to you. Very affordable for the quality! We ordered the lebni, melizanosalata (eggplant dip - kind of like baba ganoush but a million times better/much more flavorful) and hummus as apps ($4 each); great Greek bowl with shrimp and a mezze plate as the mains ($11 each); feta fries (about $3) as a side.BEST Hummus and eggplant dip ever! I could make a meal out of just those two. We will definitely be back despite it being all the way on the other side of town.
3	We came on a Thursday for lunch and ordered1. Athenian burger combo with fries, 7.50+2.95- Grilled Angus Beef, Lettuce, Tomato, Red Onions, Feta Cheese, Tzaziki2. Great Greek gyro combo with rice, 7.95+2.95- Chicken or Lamb. Lettuce, Tomato, Red Onions, Feta Cheese, Tzazikifor $23.08Side choices include: French Fries, Rice, Greek Salad, Avolemono Soup,Feta Fries (50c more)- Nice patio seating. Food delivered to us. - Wait time around 15 min. Fast food style but wait time like a dine in restaurant.- Big portioned burger. Fresh and crispy fries. - Packed Gyro. Lame rice.- Good taste. A bit pricey for what it's worth. Worth it for 1 try. - Hard to compete when there are so many around for about the same taste with coupons for cheaper. - Uncertain if I'd return.
4	I forgot how much I liked this place.  Have not been in a while but it was awesome as usual. There are a decent number of Greek places in Vegas and this one is the best one I have been to. For 11 bucks I got the gyro plate. Fries, a Greek salad and the gyro of course.  Food is good, staff is friendly and the place is clean. I'm a big fan.
5	Tried for 1st time 10/4/14, everything we had was awesome! Athenian burger, chicken gyro, soup, and feta fries are worth the calories. The service was very friendly and they have outdoor patio seating which we enjoyed. Will be back.
4	I've driven by this place dozens of times and never even knew it was there.  Don't make my mistake by passing it by.  We went there on a weekday after work.  Glad we got there early for dinner because by the time we left there wasn't an empty table inside.  But fear not, there's plenty of tables outside.  The owners are fantastic and friendly, and have such an enthusiasm for their food you can't help but want to order everything, and we just about did.  The food was great, service was great, prices were good... we'll definitely be going back and will be regulars.
5	Excellent food and the service is awesome!  The baklava is at its very best and I recommend you taste it...you'll be hooked!
5	We were greeted by the owners immediately upon arrival. We ordered the bowls one with falafel and the other with shrimp. I saw a tray of spanakopita coming out of the oven and had to try it. Sitting on the patio they brought out the appetizer.  Fantastic!  The bowls came before we could finish. Fresh, Beautiful, Delicious food. The shrimp were large and grilled to perfection.  The wifes falafel was cooked perfectly.  The taziki was amazing the julienned cucumbers made it pop! Too bad this is 2000 miles from home.  We will be back for sure!
4	They have the best Greek food here, everything we have tried is awesome.  I highly recommend getting the feta fries instead of regular fries if you get a side order.  The only thing is the kitchen seems too small for the amount of orders they get.  I have waited more than 30 minutes for my food on more than one occasion.  Beware, they get very busy.  I suspect that people got tired of waiting for their order and started calling in their order, because the entire time you are waiting you see tons of people coming in to pick up their large phone orders to go.  No matter what, the staff has always given nothing but the best service and the food is always consistently good.  I am going to phone in my order from now on instead of popping in for a quick bite, because that is almost never the case here.
4	I've enjoyed the Gyro's here on two occasions and look forward to coming back.  The prices are great, service admirable and food very tasty....what more could one ask.I must admit I'm not all that thrilled by the facility.  More of a traditional sit-down restaurant feel would be appreciated...hopefully expansion plans are in the works :-)
5	This place is awesome, especially for a quick lunch. Portions are huge food is awesome. Employees are friendly, area is nice and clean. Def recommend for anyone in the area that has a small amount of time for lunch.
5	Fresh, fresh, fresh!I tried the chicken soup, a side salad, the gyro plate, falafel, and feta fries.I was stunned at how fresh and tasty everything was.Washed it all down with a fountain Coke...what more do you need.A great meal after a long day driving.Locals, this is a hidden gem!
5	Thee best Greek food in the state! The Hummus is to die for. Always very fresh food and an awesome staff!
5	We eat here about once every two weeks. Gyros are the best in town. French fries done crisply and flavorful. This fast-serve Greek food at its finest. Food is consistently good all the time!
5	This place is the best. Everything is very fresh and good. Even the vegetables that come on the side are good, and I seriously dislike vegetables.
5	Amazing. That's all I can say. I tried a lot of different dishes and everything was better than the last! I'm craving it as we speak :) can't wait to come back!
5	I love this place! I haven't been to many Greek fast food places but so far, this place is my favorite. Everyone is really friendly and orders are usually pretty fast. Everytime I've come, there's always been people dining here, must mean I'm not the only one that thinks they're awesome! I love the combination gyro- beef/lamb, so flavorful and tender and also enormous. I would recommend sharing if you aren't starving or if you can't save the rest for later. Their chicken gyro is pretty juicy and good but is basically just grilled chicken. Good option for those chicken sandwich type people lol. I also really love their feta fries. Because of them, I always request feta on top of my fries anytime I go to a Greek/Mediterranean place. Their tzatziki sauce is also really flavorful and has the perfect amount of tang. Everything is also really fresh everytime I come!Next time I definitely have to try their Baklava & plates!
5	I searched Yelp looking for Greek, this popped up and was near. Good decor and food. The staff was pleasant and place was clean. Was a nice small quality restaurant. Will be backIf in town you should try this place.
5	Best Gyro in town!!! And the Avgolemono soup is amazing! The soup is a must! And Jack is truly an asset,  he always has a friendly smile, and a heartfelt greeting. He remembers people, and and is genuinely glad to see them again.
5	This place is awesome. So are the best gyros and definitely the best feta of fries. The guys behind the counter are great help. There's always an older man an older lady around the dining area every time I go. I think they must be the owners. They walk around asking us how was everything. And is there anything they can do to make our experience better. It's a feel-good place.
5	Just a wonderfully family oriented staff that is so friendly and make the most amazing Greek food. I love coming here! The Greek salads are to die for! Even the small size comes with pita and a side of yogurt!
5	I used them to cater my 4 salon's Christmas lunches on all corners of town. Not only was the food delicious, it was hot , they showed up on time with everything that was needed. The staff goes out of thier way to make sure you are very well taken care of from the planning to the delivery.  Thank you Great Greek. Studio Salons
5	I HATE HUMMUS, but bought some for my wife... I devoured the hummus here! Had the Gyro and feta fries which came with a salad....I practically licked the plate clean! To top it off,  I finished the meal off with some Baklava....perhaps the best thing I've ever ate! Run to this place, do not walk! It is AMAZING!
5	We are visiting from out of town and stumbled upon this place.  The staff is amazing as well as the food!   We had the humus,  geek salad wrap, feta fries and baklava.   They were all out of this world! We are in town 1 more day and are considering coming back. It is a little pricey but well with EVERY dollar.
2	i have no idea why this place has good reviews!  my salad was ok but the dressing was pure oil!!  the gyro meat was dry and had little flavor!  try yassous greek grill on buffalo and charleston or sultans grill on village center off town center and summerlin pky!
5	Best gyro in the Valley, and the specials are always delicious, especially the pork chops. Beer & wine is very affordable, Deven high quality food for great prices
