4	Fun, chic bar designed by the same folks who did Lotus in New York. It has that upscale, big city vibe - complete w/a velvet rope out front and big men in all black. Located in the Venetian (hence the V), it's a fun place to party but the crowd changes depending on what convention is in town.
4	Located in the Restaurant Row section of The Venetian, V Bar has a modern, minimalist design with lots of red, black, and white with frosted glass accents. A long bar lines one wall with smaller tables and seating areas around the outside of the room. When you step inside the V Bar, you leave the rest of Vegas behind. There is no sign of a casino in here-- no Keno, no video poker... It is a great place to grab a cocktail in a sophisticated environment. The sound system plays soothing chillout music, trance, and acid jazz... so you are still able to carry on a conversation without feeling the need to scream to be heard.
4	In a city full of bars and clubs, this one holds its own by being a dive bar.. only las vegas style... people don't come here in jeans unless their american rag but at least you can get in somewhere with jeans, right? In any case, this is a nice placeto set up shop when you feel like going out, but not going all out.
2	Maybe it was the crowd based on the two techie conferences being held at this time...maybe it was the music that was so loud our ears were ringing all night afterwards...maybe it was us -- as no one else seemed to want to sit near us at the side of the room with the comfortable benches against the wall.Hundreds of people seemed to be jammed in the area to the right as you walk in, but no one was on our side of the room except the rocking DJ.  The people who were supposed to meet us at the V Bar were told they couldn't go in because it was too crowded.  Am I missing something?Maybe it was because I was wearing jeans...
5	V-Bar is a great lounge.  We stopped in here for some drinks before having dinner with friends.  You really don't know there is a huge casino outside of it...the couches are dark and the room is inviting.  Its rather small so I would imagine it would get crowded quickly later in the evening.Update:We went back to V-Bar with friends on a recent trip to Vegas.  We easily were given a table which are really well laid out. I liked the u-shape as it was very conducive to conversation.  Our server was great, she always kept our drinks coming and was very sweet.  The music here is great, it's a good mix of but is never too loud so you can carry on a conversation without screaming.  (Even though I did lose my voice that weekend I don't think it was because of V-Bar!)I think V-Bar may be my favorite hotel lounge in Vegas.
4	The V Bar is one of those places that combines the beauty of an interior with the bustle of Vegas service. Watch out for the attitude of the doormen, however, the bartenders with fun attitudes make up for any pretentiousness. The drink prices are high, after all its Vegas and the Venetian. Their menu for food is actually quite eclectic with beautiful presentation and solid portions. Recommended if you can be VIP for a night and looking for a relaxing alternative to its sister nightlife venue, Tao.
4	Four stars for the fact that they don't have a cover charge! The V bar is nice inside (it sounds louder from the outside than it actually is), and on the night we were there, the dj was playing some fun and classic tunes.
5	Looking for a relaxing, contemporary spot to have some cocktails with friends? Look no further!!The interior of this bar has always made me feel swanky and warm, the comfy booths are great for conversations and sipping on a martini.I don't drink martini's usually, but this place calls for one. It has been open for years, but its right inside the Venetian, and its completely secured so no one can find you if they don't know where to look!!
5	I like this place. Went here for a few drinks with some folks before I decided to call it a night.  It wasn't too crowded since it was a weeknight and a nice to chill and chat. I was looking at the drink menu and decided to order a strawberries and cream since it looked good. once i ordered it from the waitress, she mentioned that it wasn't good and that i'd be wasting my money. wow. i've never heard that before. but that was good. i liked her honesty. so i asked her what she would recommend and i took her up on it and had a hynotised (with hypnotiq, pineapple juice and other stuff i can't remember) and a raspberry bellini. both were really good and strong. the music was a great 80's mix and it was fun to people watch. the place itself isn't that big, so i can only imagine how it would be on a weekend night. probably packed.
3	Maybe I'm not "hip and cool" but I just didn't get this place.  It seemed like it was a bar trying to be a club that got confused and had schizophrenia.  There was a sort-of rope out front, as if they wanted to start a line, yet we walked right in.  I don't know if the rope was to make the place look cool or desirable???  That sort of schizo feeling continued on into the bar (this is a bar right? not a night club?).  Like it was missing a big dance floor and possibly a light show or something.Moving on...the place had some cozy looking couches and tables, but they were all reserved so I didn't get a chance to test if the couches were indeed cozy.  My friend and I grabbed a seat at the bar.  Our bartender was really fast and friendly and made some really strong drinks.  (Major bonus points for her - she was really cool.)  Once we kicked back with our drinks, we enjoyed ourselves.  I guess maybe this is the kind of place you come pre-club to get in the mood for the real thing, but whatever.  It was a nice place to relax after a long day and have a well made cocktail.
2	The music here is great...we got sick of being packed like sardines, with an inability to move a limb to dance or walk for that matter at TAO so we headed here...What SUCKED was the bartenders... took TOO damn long to get a drink....But by 3am...it had cleared out...and we had it to ourselves.
5	Free entrance fee but super expensive drinks.  My advice would be to just go gamble at the casino first and get free drinks there.  Just "Keno it up."  Thats what me and my cousins did a couple of weeks ago. The waitresses and bartenders there were really cool.  The enviroment was cool too.  Lots of hot girls.  Great place to chill.
3	I was staying at the Venetian, so I decided to meet up with my coworkers at the V Bar after dinner.  It was a Sunday night, so it wasn't too happening.  The atmosphere was nice and relaxed, but it wasn't anything special.   The service was great, a waitress came by to our table whenever our drinks got low.   She was very attentive.  My male coworkers were in heaven because she was so well-endowed.  Haha....men.  I would give the V Bar a 3-3.5 star from my one-time experience.
5	After fighting through the crowd at the airport lobby, claiming my half open bag at the luggage claim, and waiting in the cold for the shuttle to take us to our hotel...  my spirit was on the lower side...  despite that we were in Vegas, at last.  The idea of sipping cocktails in jeans and having audible conversations with friends just seemed so much more pleasant than fighting to get into Pure or Tao on this particular night...  Thanks to Mr. Vegas, our gracious host throughout the weekend, we came to V Bar, which was exactly what we all had in mind.  Nice and chill music.  Sexy yet tasteful decor.  Hot and friendly cocktail waitresses...  We chatted and drank and relaxed...  until 3 in the morning.  What perfect way to ease into the wildness that soon followed.
5	I always like this place. Easy to get in. Great for groups. You can actually carry on a conversation without screaming to be heard.Granted you have to travel into the casino to find a loo...but hey baby this is vegas, least your drink can go with you!So if you're looking for a fun night minus the hassle of a big name club (like studio, light etc)  Try Vbar, you'll be glad you did!
4	No Cover? SHOOT!!! WE ARE THERE!!!!!!!!! hahaha. After having issues with TAO, the group decided to head out of the Venetian. On our way out we ran across V Bar and decided to check it out. Large seating area, DJ, alcohol, hot waitress, nice people, dance floor, and my friends around. What more can you ask for! The DJ was playing pretty good music for a bar. Our waitress reminded me of Jenna Jameson (when she's blonde) but taller. She was nice too! There was no cover, the hostess and host in the front were very friendly, the restrooms were close, service was great, and we got to dance without a huge crowd. Only gripe. I wish more people would dance! Not that I really care. I mean my feet were hurting like a mother and I danced anyway, but it's always nice when more people dance. :)Happy Birthday Wes!!!!!!!!!
3	We checked out V-Bar at the Venetian with some friends on a Friday night. It's small, dark, and intimate and it never got very crowded at all, which was refreshing. Plus any place that doesn't charge a cover is awesome in my book. Service at the bar was quick and attentive, and I thought drinks were reasonably priced by Vegas standards. Music was OK, but not the best I have heard at a lounge. Unless you are staying at the Venetian or Palazzo, however, it's not worth making a special trip for. I think there are better Vegas lounges.
4	1.26.08: We needed to go and get in free somewhere. Walked by V Bar, and all of a sudden we were inside. There was actually a DJ Spinning. A cool area where we danced and lounged.The drinks were not bad. The DJ was actually good. The vibe was nice and the place was cozy. The restrooms are outside this bar. ha ha. That's the only downfall, everything else was great. The pretty hosts outside was the main attraction. They are pretty white girls. Well I don't know if they were actually white, but whatever. Great place, seriously, really great place..
4	i like that it wasn't overly crowded and the music was great!maybe i liked the people there because we knew most of them? or maybe the vibe was just different.i like the fact that i can chill and then get up and dance and have room to move around.the drinks were kinda strong but that's a good thing!
3	Modern-looking place in the Venetian hotel that's a great meeting point for a drink after dinner at B&B or a show at the Blue Man. But... it's nothing particularly unusual or outstanding. It's a nice place in a nice hotel. Not much else to say.
3	I went here when I was in Vegas for work. It was a great place to hang with friends and just chill and drink and talk. We even danced a little.Overall, tiny place. A few places to sit. A small place to dance - good enough for a group of friends. Nice modern atmosphere. One bar. One night the music was hip hop/top 40 and the next night it was electronica. Just come by to this place to kill some time. No cover and no line. But I wouldn't hang out here the entire night. It would get somewhat boring after a while.
5	i really enjoyed my first Vegas bar here. I came here twice during my stay in the Venetian. The service from the bartenders were awesome and fast.  They knew what to recommend and stuff. The music was great too. It was definitely more crowded on saturday compared to friday night. i liked how it opened very late. Great place to meet people and just chill. The drinks were strong and some were good.
4	Very cool, chill place for some good music and drinks!  You can ever dance a little if the mood catches you right!  Great bartenders and great ambiance!
3	Came here a day after Memorial day, so it was kind of dead, but I was okay with that. That meant we got our drinks faster, right? The waitresses and the bartenders were attentive and really nice. They made sure that our empty glasses were taken and that when we needed more drinks, they were right on top of it. The decor was very modern and the seats were comfortable. I'm sure on a busy night, the area where we were sitting would have been bottle service or VIP. I would come here again for  more drinks if we decided to opt out of a club night or if you need to kill some time. I did notice that the crowd was a little older, I did noticed a group of cougars prowling and having some drinks and there were a lot of middle aged couples, too. That could kill the vibe of the bar, but it didn't.
4	TINY and narrow! Two adjectives that are not very good for bars. However, there are pluses: No cover..check. Strong drinks..check. Nice bartenders..check. My friend and I snuck our way through the crowd and snagged a seat front and center right at the bar. We initially tried to go to a different club (brain fart is preventing me from recalling the name at the moment!) but the cover they were asking was insane ($80 for girls!) and from what we heard, $100+ for guys. Pssh, yeah right I don't think so!So V Bar it was, and nothing's sweeter than free, especially on Memorial weekend. Since by the time we finally got back to our hotel, we had to play catch up because our night started at 1 a.m., which is typically when we're close to finishing it! We downed red bull vodkas and the bartender kept serving 'em up. There was this annoyingly drunk and horny couple next to us that kept bumping my friend and performing putrid PDA's for all to see. There was also a creepy guy who just walked up to my friend, stared at her, then spilled his drink on her new dress; when she got up and shrieked, he told her that she didn't have to be so rude about it! LOL, drunk people are great-they make no sense whatsoever!
4	Like others have said about V bar, it is really chill.  The music is good and the place is small enough you can see everyone around you.  If you want to dance, you can.  We had a few tables and it is a good place just to hang out with your friends and not worry about skanky bitches bumping into you and spilling their drinks on you.  I would def go back.
3	Maybe a 3.5- the dj was decentSaturday nite in Vegas, and my friends and I didn't feel like waiting in line, or tipping a door man big money to get in, so we looked for something else.  Enter V-Bar.  V-bar had a decent amount of people in it, and no cover.  No cover??  Doesn't sound bad, until you see the price of drinks, and that's where they catch you.  Oh well, we want to party, so we head in.The place is pretty small.  There are two parts to this place, to the left you have private booths, and a pseudo dance floor, and to the right you have the bar, and more booths, but they're more open.   The crowd is mostly young professionals, though there was a party of cougars surprsingly drawing quite a bit of attention from some of the younger men.The place never really reached capacity, which was nice, and after a while, when the place began to clear out, there was enough room to dance.  I guess we should've planned out the evening a little better, but this place wasn't bad, just not great.  I wouldn't say this bar distinguished itself from any other hotel bar.  I probably wouldn't go back, but I wouldn't discourage peopel from checking it out.  There is certainly some people watching to be done.
3	Totally chill environment here, came here on a Tuesday night after we discovered how wack Pure was.  Unfortunately by the time we got here, we decided we were more hungry than thirsty so we headed over to Noodle Asia instead.  That and this place was totally dead, only had maybe a handful of patrons in there.  But I'm sure if we had more folks with us, we would have brought the party to them!
4	small and pretty fun when you bring your own crowd with yano cover charge at all and one of the door people is a really hot asian chick who actually drank with me when she was escorting people out during last callthe drinks may be pricey but when your in vegas you are expected to drop something, so yeah it beat out those long waits to get into tao or paying big dudes to just let us inevery night we were in vegas we would go to a club and somehow end the night over herethere was one night we went here then headed over to scores and didnt come back to our room till like 9am, good timeswhich reminds me i have to call that door lady back, hehedefinitely a 'cozy' place to chill at, a hidden gem great music, small dance floor, awesome drinks, vibing atmosphere
3	I went here on Wednesday night.  I had read the reviews on Yelp and wasn't sure what to think.  Anyway since it was our first night in Vegas, me and my girlfriends figured we wanted to try a small bar/lounge.  It was definitely a chill spot.  It was fairly empty but they had good music and the beers were reasonably priced.  Definitely a good spot to go to on a first date or if you're looking for a relaxing evening with good music and drinks :)
3	i guess this is where those who get rejected by tao come...j/k :)after that horrible experience at tao, we stumbled across this place.  we saw a short line formed outside the entrance and hesitated since we no longer bear to stand in our 3 inch high heels.  but we were in vegas for a bachelorette party and our "to-do" list had to be completely checked off before the night was over.  we inquired about a table service with the hostess, and it turned out to be much more economical than we had anticipated ($200 a bottle with minimum of 2 bottles).  this bar/lounge is small but has enough sitting areas along the walls.  the dj was spinning top 40 songs and occasionally michael jackson's (c'mon, "billy jean" is a classic).  our table service was more than adequate and sufficient as they constantly brought new glasses and cleaned the area for us.  i liked that this place had enough lighting.  this helped us tremendously when we were picking guys to help us accomplish the missions on that "to-do" list since they were chosen purely based on their looks (if the bachelorette had to take a body shot, looks matter...trust me!).
4	Exactly what Lena B. said..Came here as an alternative since Tao had a FAAAAT ass line this past weekend.  It was our bad tho, we arrived around 12am.  My friends got hooked up in front of the line but they were waiting on me, my sister, her bf, and his brother who was still on the way.  I felt soo bad that they could've gone in w/ ease but of course they were asked to move out of line.  Oh wells.  Vbar was still crackin.  Short line and no cover.  All good.  Music was cool.  Basically felt like any normal club in SF since the dance floor was really small, but they had great comfy booths.  Bartenders are nice and environment was chill.  I had a great time =)
4	This place is great if you don't like dealing with the club scene in Vegas.  The DJ was great, playing mostly hip-hop from the golden era (96-02).  This lounge has NO LINE and NO COVER which is my kinda place, yet still gives you a good experience.  The drinks were OK and around $8 a piece.  It definitely worth checking out if you want a club alternative.
4	No cover, no lines, no strict dress code, good music/music video djing, and ding ding ding!!! great MOJITOS!!!!Damn those mojitos ($13)...why am I so in love with this sweet concoction?? maybe because IF they're made right..they taste so good that you don't even know you're drinking something alcoholic. So great job V bar for making my favorite drink taste so damn good and so sad for me cause I got fricking wasted. Pre party cran-vodkas don't mix well with 4 mojitos...you  probably know how my night ended.Oh..and even though there is a dj...there isn't really a set dance floor..no one was dancing so my party had to start it up and after that, everyone was boogeying away..also a plus for the nice comfy couch seating for those who didn't want to dance and just people watch.
5	THIS PLACE IS SO GREAT, I WENT THERE TWICE IN ONE WEEKEND!I am the type of guy who LOVES Vegas but I hate spending money!  You know how the clubs are, you pay 20 bucks to get in and then pay $15 for one drink!  Well, you need to try the bars and lounges in the hotels!  You can find the V Bar at the Venetian and it's so rad!  There is NO cover and drinks are half the price that you would pay at a regular club in Vegas!  This is how I roll!  I loved this place so much I went back the 2nd night I was in Vegas and ran into the same people!  The vibe is really chill and you meet a ton of really great people!
4	I have never been here before nor have I heard of it, but it is a definite find. No line, no cover, nice wait staff, and cheap bottles (at least in Vegas). Its more of a lounge (aka you can hear what your friends are saying to you) which is a nice change of pace. I wouldn't go expecting the "club experience" but it is a nice alternative to going to one of the countless bars in Vegas.
3	A decent bar with loungey atmosphere. It's a great place to chill out before heading to a club, especially when there's seats. Drinks were inexpensive compared to some other places. Went there after clubs but there was no place left to sit, so didn't stay around. Good music selection, and I liked the movie screen thing that projects against the walls, visible to people outside. It was neat.
4	perfect post pre party( cause the pre party is in your suite right? ) before you walk into tao or any other nightclub . cheap drinks(for vegas) + cool dj = good times. if you get there a bit early you can go ahead and lounge around the sofas - before all the big ballers reserve all of them with their mighty bottle service.I actually had so much fun the first night there that I wanted to start the second night there too.
4	Yup, I'm a fan of this place. As much as I would have loved to go to Tao, I'm not in the mood to pay 20-30 bucks for cover. So what if the experience isn't the same? At least you don't have to surrender an arm and a leg for a drink. Music here was pretty good, considering the DJ was a friend of my buddy who I rolled with. As a result, we were allowed in the VIP section, which led to some awesome bottle service. It's quite a perk when you know the DJ. Its nice to know that there's no line, the wait staff is super nice and attentive, the bar isn't too crowded, the drinks are cheaper, and you have easy in-and-out access for the entire night. I have witnessed people stumble out of the club to the bathroom down the hall and come back with bloodshot eyes from vomiting, only to go for another round inside. I'm not too proud in saying that I myself was one of those people, but then again, its Vegas. As far as aesthetics go, it looks like your typical dimly lit Strip Casino bar. Nothing special really. So if going to the high end clubs isn't your thing anymore, or if you're not willing to cough up money for cover and expensive drinks, this makes a good alternate. Seriously.
4	Uhmmm... I think I had a good time? Yea, I think I did. We went on a Wednesday so it wasn't busy which is fine with me. Our bartender was really friendly, cute and had nice eyebrows (don't ask). We trusted him with making our drinks! The first was a strawberry drink which was deliciousss. The second one? Well I asked him what was in it and all he said was, "it's grape koolaid" (my least favorite).I sipped on it... and sipped... and forced myself to finish it.I would definitely want to go back on a busier night. It seems as though it could get really fun.
4	A great place to go unwind after the stuffy craziness that is Tao. If you actually want to hear each other speak, this is a good place to go. There are still a handful of people dancing here, but the best thing about this place is that you can sit down on the nice comfy chairs and not have to pay a ridiculous premium. No cover, you can sit down, and good music -- you really can't lose!
4	This place is a sentimental fave of mine.  My husband and I had just gotten married and were having a small reception at Canaletto in the Venetian.  After seeing the line at Tao and told it was $2000 a bottle, we declined and just happened to find this place as we were coordinating something else to do with our friends.  So the price was right, we got our own booth, and it was just perfect for what we were celebrating.  They even through in some comp shots and champange.  Service from our waitress was excellent (she would slap our hand if we tried to make a drink).  This is the way bottle service should be!  We asked the DJ to play us a "wedding" song for our first dance and it ended up being "Love in this Club".  Awesome.  He also through in the electric slide later for nostalgic purposes.  Fun, fun night.  One of the best.
1	Dropped by with a group of friends on 6/12/09.  The bouncer told us there was a cover charge of $20 which we didn't expect.  We had checked out the website prior to going.  A friend showed the bouncer the website on his phone which clearly read "Never a cover."  This should convince him right?Nope, he then tells us their policy changed 2 weeks ago but the website isn't updated yet.  It takes over 2 weeks for the Venetian to change a few words on a webpage?  I don't think so.I don't care if I need to pay cover, but this was shady enough for me to walk away.  Theres plenty of other places to goto in Vegas anyways.
4	I read some of the other reviews, but my experience was much more positive. We went on a Sunday night and it was perfect. It wasn't super packed and the bartenders were cool. Drinks weren't super expensive.  It was comfy but had room for moving/ dancing.
5	This place was totally chill on a Tuesday night. I had the Lychee martini and the raspberry martini. There was no cover. The drinks were excellent and the service was superb. I can't find anything wrong with this place. I would definitely recommend it on a weeknight. Great lighting!
1	Annoyed because we came here Saturday night because there was supposed to be no cover.  $20 for men, $10 for women...bullshit.Walked in, place was pretty barren.  Walked right out.Maybe it's cool when there's no cover and other people are there, but I wasn't sticking around to figure that out.
2	This place was ok.  Not a happening place kinda empty when we got there @ 12:30.  This place is more of a lounge not a club.   Drinks were good and service was fast but this place was kinda boreing.  This place would be a place to get some drinks before clubbing. -p2
5	Vbar was a great place to hang out. It's not as packed as Tao or Lavo and there aren't any cover charges during the week like Tao and Lavo. It was the best place to chill and have a good time at the Venetian.
3	The music at V Bar is usually hip hop and it's never too crowded.  I would say V Bar is a secondary destination for those that either couldn't get into Tao or didn't want to wait in line any longer.  I usually go there to pre-game or support the DJ.  It's a good-sized lounge and the bar is nearly the length of the room.There is a dress code but if you're out on a weekend, then you should be in character already.  Not the greatest place to conduct business, but transactions can be made--especially after 2am.
5	I went back about a month ago and even though it was a Friday night and they were charging a cover, they let me in for free since I was with a local. BTW - did you know that all locals get into these clubs and bars for free? The service was great and the drinks more than tolerable. I just like the vibe here.
4	Went there about 6 months ago and this lounge is great if you want a break from the big box clubs that Vegas offers. The decor is nice but nothing cutting edge on a worldly level. The drinks are priced decently and the service is great. The talent can fluctuates best on the events happening in or around the Venetian. The beauty of its location is that it sits right in the middle of the stripe!If the talent was more consistent and the decor was a little more avant garde, I would definitely give this place 5 stars. Come on this is Vegas!!!!! This an easy thing to do and globetrotters expect this!!!!LOL!
4	Great place to just hang out and chill... no lines, DJ's, decent crowd, minimal dress code, and just a short walk from the casino floor.  Service was pretty good as there are plenty of bartenders so no long waits for the drinks.  On the otherhand, the dj's aren't that great all the time.  But overall, a pretty good place to have some drinks and meet up or wind down with your friends.
2	V Bar is basically just a bar... with over-priced drinks... It would earn 3 stars except for the COVER CHARGE...I'm not sure why anyone would pay cover here ($20 each including for girls!) instead of going to the much cooler Tao right upstairs. I got into this discussion/argument with my cousin when she generously paid our cover charges... I tried to convince her that I'd just ask for the cover back but instead we just went in... We danced a bit with much older people on the dance floor (and not many people at all at that) and couldn't sit because the tables were just for table service (but, again, this is just a small-ish bar). We drank a bit too and at least the drinks were good and the bartenders were nice. I probably won't be back here and definitely won't be back here if they keep charging cover!!!
3	If you're by the Venetian and want to chill and have a drink or two, this place is cool. Also can be a spot to hit up after a Tao if you're all partied out but this want to to chill.
3	Chill spot if you wanna get away from the BIG club scene. Got in for free and there was no dress code. Place is a bit small.DJ played hip-hop at first then changed to rave music. No thanks.I would have gave an extra star if they played hip-hop all night.
4	pretty chill spot and not like other vegas lounges/bars. there is a decent sized dance floor, fully stocked bar, seating along the walls, a few booths one can reserve for bottle service or smoking hooka, and brings in a good crowd.there is no cover for local ladies, the drinks are kind of pricey, and the dj on thursday nights plays a good variety of new and old skool hip hop and some top 40.pricey - $12 tequila shot              $5 coronaoverall experience, 4 star!
3	I don't often frequent these types of places but I was in a pretty big group of people, which helped take the edge off since I didn't have to do any talking. It's a nice low-key spot for hanging out and relaxing with friends. Everyone there was pretty cool and friendly. There wasn't any stalking or bad vibes coming from other tables. Even though it's not that big of a place we were still able to make use of the little area that's designated as the dance floor. I'm glad we came here instead of Tao since it wasn't shoulder to shoulder crowded. Overall I can honestly say that I had a good time here albeit I'm sure the alcohol contributed to that.
4	Came here with my husband, his best friend and girlfriend for his birthday on a Wednesday night and the music was great but it was dead which was expected on a Wednesday night...It's small yet cozy and the drinks were reasonable
4	Looking to have a good time? V Bar LV! I'm going to be brief: 1.) Service is decent2.) Beautiful atmosphere and extremely spacious lounge areas 3.) Great place to kick it with friends. Laid back scene with friendly people just ready to have a good time. There are just so many places in Vegas that make you feel like a sardine. If your down to be attacked and crammed in a club go to XS. The owner or one of the bouncers was extremely friendly. There was a small incident that occurred with a server and the owner/bouncer came over and personally handled it. It was awesome.I would highly suggest this place if you want to pre game or end a night. My favorite aspect of V bar? Your really free to be loud, dance, get rowdy and no one really complains. Overall a great spot to kick it and have fun.
4	10/7/2010I attended latin night, what a nice change on the strip.  it's good to experience some culture in Vegas vs. most nights being the same mix of top 40 hip-hop/house.  Beautiful venue, I got in for $20, and mingled with some fyne latinas!  Thursday night was crowded but not  to the point I couldn't move.  I'll B back
3	Always end up here, good music good drinks and like how it's kind of hidden. Great for people who like to dance a little and hates big crowds...
5	I would recommend this place to anyone, great atmosphere great staff, you never know who you're gonna run into, Marlon Wayans , Wayne Brady, MTVs Americas best dance crew SuperCr3w, JABBAWOKEEZ , Kabba Modern, it's a hidden Gem, its spot to go to between Tao n Lavo.
3	It was definitely a convenient location but a small area, which became easily cramped. The bartenders could also learn how to make drinks too.
4	So V Bar isn't as trendy as Tao, Pure, or XS. Yeah, the layout isn't as fancy or sexy. Sure, all the hottest girls on the strip aren't flocking to this place by the dozens. What V Bar DOES have is a laid-back atmosphere with LARGE tables/booths and plenty of room to dance. Add to that 0 lines and 0 hassles, and you've got yourself a pretty legit place to get fucking fabulous. No dipshit bouncer or "managers" acting like they're tough shit because they work at a sleezy Vegas club, no stupid "passes" so you can cut other people in line, no pretending like you're part of some hyper-exclusive club because you scored a table with the twenty other douchebags you pooled money with. V Bar is for chillin' out, drinking, and dancing. And I love all three. Also dancing.
3	Was there for a private event. The first thing i noticed was the rediculously skimpy outfits on the servers. I guess that is normal for vegas, but it detracted from the experience for me.The food they catered was pretty bad.The redeeming aspect of the locale was that they made a decent mint julep. The waitress didnt know what one was, but she asked the tender and got it done. That made me happy :)
5	THis is a cool laid back hookah bar/lounge.  This is a good lounge to just chill at, maybe on a weeknight or night when all the big clubs aren't as crackin.  The cool things about this place:  No cover.  You don't have to fight through hella people to get a drink.  Good music.  The weak thinks about this place: Older people.If you can't get into Lavo or don't feel like clubbing, go to V Bar.
4	I was with a group of 7 girls and we were looking for a somewhat low-key night. We went to V Bar and it was so much fun! The bouncers were friendly and the cocktail waitresses were really attentive. We sat in one of the lounge areas and never waited more than 5minutes for our drinks. The DJ played great music and we danced for most of the time we were there. The crowd was pretty mixed and all in all it was a good time! Definitely go if you're looking to dance without being stepped on or groped!
4	Laid back lounge, not in the heart of the Vegas party scene, but a great find to hold something intimate - to start or end your night.Came here to catch up with some cousins. The place wasn't packed on a Tuesday night, so everyone was able to sit around the modern-decor chairs and light-up tables. The servers came by every 15 minutes asking for more drinks. Music is loud, but conversation is possible. Hookah is also provided here, but I did not partake.Tucked in between the Venetian and Palazzo. No cover when I went, not crowded - and meant to be that way.
5	Great bar, gorgeous women, all around a good time.  This is one of the few places that I would say is well worth the cover charge.  Go with the bottle service - the initial investment is high but it will definitely save you money in the long run!
4	V-Bar saved our night after a horrible time at Tao. I should have learned my lesson about Tao from my very very first trip to LV, but for some reason we ended up trying to go to Tao and left disappointed, YET AGAIN!So we left the POS Tao and headed down to V-Bar. Wasnt too crowded, but it doesn't really get poppin till about 1am-ish when people start leaving Tao and come down here. Pretty chill place, DJ was on point with the jams and theres no real dance floor just an open space near the entrance so people just dance there. TV's were on showing the music video that went with the song playing.Overall, I enjoyed this place and you should go to V-Bar if one of two happens...1. Your night is ruined because you go to shitty ass Tao thats packed like sardines.2. Your "guest list" connection fails on you and you have no other place to go.[BELIEVE me, I've been in both situations lol]
2	I first heard about this place when I was a guest at the Venetian. Every night I stop by here, it's dead as a duck. It's a very laid back kinda of bar with ambient type music and occasionally hiphop. The seats are super comfortable but it's so boring and empty here... If you want some private time with your significant other and have a drink, this place might be for you. If you want to party and have a great time, look else where. *Tip - Since this place is right before the entrance to the Blue Man Group, grab a drink or two before catching the show.
5	This is a tiny bar with some couches that seems to try to be fancy. I really don't know how having a drink and chilling with people would be different here than in your own hotel room. I think its serves as a pretty good pit stop before going to somewhere bigger, better, and more interesting.So why 5 stars? Because I was here at 5pm, ordered a a lychee martini (they call it a Lotus Blossom i think), and it was super good. PLUS, and here is the 5 star part, after we ate the first decorative lychee, the bartender brought over TWO MORE LYCHEES! JACKPOT!!!!!  Yeah I am easy like that. Admittedly we were the only people there, but I felt I had a connection at V bar. A lychee connection.
5	Had a great time this weekend for Labor Day!! Thanks for a kick as experience :)
5	Best place to start your party at with bottle service starting at  $200 plus great service and great atmosphere. stop by tonight ask for simon at the door 7027427430
4	There are many funny memories in this bar. Probably the most notable was watching election returns years ago and seeing Florida called wrong. My friend Shelly predicted the market would crash and she was so right. So, on the last trip to Vegas for a conference, I stopped into the V Bar for a glass of wine. There's not a very wide selection so I went with the bartender's recommendation, a generic Pinot Noir. I realized the V Bar is really smaller than I thought. I called tested a few friends who showed and we had a wonderful time. Nice place with funny memories.
3	Went on a Saturday night of Labor day weekend and there was a cover.  It wasn't expensive but the place is not that big at all.  You walk in and pretty much see the whole room from one end to another.  They have a few tables and a long bar.  The dance floor is really small.  The DJ that night played some good songs, but definitely not the same as a club.  They have hookah here so if you are just there to chill that is something you can do.  Drinks are  average priced.
4	Visited V Bar for the first time last night and was pleasantly surprised. Great atmosphere and good music. My guests from Holland loved it. Affordable, fun with good service. Jorge, one of the hosts got us a great table and bottle service. Thanks for accommodating our large group. It was great start to our night. Thanks Jorge for a great time. We will definitely come back.
3	I was here for the hookah at 11.  We were able to snag a table and enjoy some drinks.  I had the Lychee martini, which was amazing.  The hookah, we had some issues with but our waitress was really easy to work with and she came around often to make sure we were having a good time.  No restrooms in the place though, you have to exit and walk around - which was a bit of a pain, but do-able.
4	The V Bar is perfect for a bar that serves as a Prequel to the begining of a great night. Vegas is all about going BIG right, but you have to crawl befor you walk. You come in and the music is good, order drinks and your feeling good. The V Bar also serves Hooka's  so you can toke up different flava's such as cherry, apple or even mango. Overall its refreshing to be able to chill and have drinks with friends before you lose your mind, money or self respect in crazy ass Vegas.
4	First night ever in Vegas and didn't know where to go, so I went to this place with a friend. Just wanted drinks and to my surprise, they had hookahs too! It was super hard to track down the guy running the hookahs (even though the lounge wasn't that big), and service was horrible. Because it took the guy 30+ mins to get back to us, we sat on these speakers and got our hookah for free. Perhaps it was the "free" part that made the experience all that sweeter (and worth an extra star).
3	A nice little lounge with no cover, located right next to the Blue Man Theatre at the Venetian.Definitely a very chill and laid back place that plays good music and serves $10 drinks.Come here to relax before a big night out, or after gettin hyphy hyphy somewhere else.
4	I am upgrading V Bar to four stars after my visit on Saturday evening with my sister. This lounge was better than I remembered. After dinner at Lavo and some gambling at the Palazzo, we walked over to V Bar for some drinks. It was a little after 9 pm when we arrived and walked right in and settled down at the bar. Service was quick and really friendly for the couple of hours we were there, and our five drinks cost me $51 after tip (3 cocktails and 2 beers). This is a great lounge for couples and groups since there is plenty of seating at the bar and at their U-shaped tables. The music mix was great and not loud enough where you had to yell to be heard.I don't remember V Bar having hookah last time I was there a few years ago, but they have it now and have quite a list of flavors. My sister is a not a smoker so no hookah for me this trip, but I will definitely keep it in mind for my next trip out to Vegas.
5	Always a good time. Table and bar service better than most bars/lounges/night clubs in Vegas.
5	Best bar in the Venetian! I am in Vegas for a conference. After realizing the line at Lavo would take at least an hour (per the bouncer) despite the fact that our group had rented out the space, I checked Yelp and found the VIP managers (Jorge) personal number. After a few extremely helpful texts assuring us no cover, a bunch of us headed over there, tweeting that we were going and for the rest of our group to follow. Michelle at the door was really nice and let us right in. All toll about 50 of us ended up there and had a great night! The drinks are extremely reasonable for this casino ($8 for a rum and coke, $8 for wine, etc) and there is hookah for a respectable $25. The DJ was great and had us all dancing. I was blown away by how much the staff went out of their way for our group and truly saved our night!
3	Stopped off in V Bar Saturday after dinner for a quick drink with friends. Had a Stella and chilled by the bar. It was pretty quiet when we were there, which is never a problem for me - I'd actually prefer it that way. The spot is great - the music was good - however, all I kept thinking while in there was "Vegas chicks have gone down..." Yuck! If you are looking for hot girls or guys - this is NOT the bar for you. I was not, but you know me - I can't help how observant I am to these things. Anyways, V Bar served their purpose for us - a few drinks and we were on our way. I did notice they had hookah! I guess that's a nice touch, considering the staff and crowed aren't anything nice to look at.
4	This is a great small lounge area... it's reasonably quiet inside so you can still maintain a conversation.  The music is also consistently good too which is a nice plus.  Drinks were strong which was good... a bit pricey, but worth it.  There is no cover charge which is great as well.  Overall, one of my favorite hang-out places in Vegas!
5	I love this bar. I go every time I'm in Vegas. The drinks are excellent, the service wonderful and the vibe is great - but relaxed enough that we can stop in wearing somewhat casual clothes and be treated like old friends. Recommend it!!  We sat at the Bar.
3	Nice ambience, and not too crowded with the usual douchy type clientele I was expecting. It was chill and the DJ was spinning some pretty hip tunes.We got a sitting area all the way in the back to hit the hookah and have some drinks with our group of ladies.We didn't order that many drinks or have bottle service, so we were forgotten about pretty quickly.The drinks were good, midori sours were yummy and the mango flavored tobacco in the hookah was really nice...however we could've used one more hose on it so we wouldn't  have to keep passing it back and forth so much.All in all, nice experience and no drunken drama from anyone there!
5	I loved this bar. The night I went there was a cover charge for guys only of $10. The dress code for guys is as simple as a polo. We got a hookah that was $25, which I think is cheap for Vegas. I drank champagne at $9 a glass. I liked that it wasn't too crowded and didn't have a huge line to get in.The place is small but there is a small area for dancing. Overall its a nice small lounge that I definitely recommend!
4	Good place.... we had fun there it was not packed which for our kind of night was not bad....... will be back there again....
3	Wanted to go here for a chill night to start our Vegas trip, but it was a little TOOOOO chill.   I think I came in wanting something more upbeat and more opportunities to people watch, but this wasn't the place to go.  However, there are some pros:1) no cover2) great service3) spacious4) opportunities to dance if you don't care that other people are watching you.Cons:1) not too crowded2) drinks were kind of weak3) older crowdGo here to grab a couple of drinks before clubbing, but not to hang out all night.
3	Small venue well located. The bartenders are good and quick. I was happy that I didn't pay for my drinks or my admission. Overall the space is small, but it will do in a pinch. I can't say how it is on normal nights due to the fact that it was rented out.
4	giving this place 4 stars for what it is, a cool "overflow/end up/locals" lounge and bar, or aka DIVE w/bells and whistlesI usually drop by here whenever i'm in town just because and everytime it's goodtimes, what I mean by overflow/end up, well for whatever reason if you couldn't get into the bigger mainstream clubs like TAO upstairs you might overflow/end up here, this is also a cool place to start the night offcover is usually free but I also been hit up for $10 bucks before, so I guess it depends on who's running the frontthe place is "L" shaped with VIP sections lined all along the sides, the bar itself is huge and accomodates a large area for its size, staff works the bar with experience, don't think I spent more than 10 minutes ordering given the amount of ppl, big plus, drinks average around $8 for my usual vodka pineapplesmusic played top 40, hip hop, light on the old skool, and electronicits not a dance club and real estate can be an issue if its packed, regardless it hits 4 major points, free or cheap cover (in/outs ok), good bar, good music, mixed crowd
4	Friends visiting in town other week. We were looking bar/restaurant we could watch NBA finals have some drinks and talk stories. We walked around the Palazzo and Venetian. We decided too check this place out none of us been. It way too early for the place too be packed but actually worked out perfect for us. We pretty much for most part had whole section too ourselves front and center too one of the widescreen above. The service was great hostess very friendly asked about if they were showing the game she like go in, server she was great too attentive never had too worry about our drinks running out, and not sure if all the time give us mix of nuts munch on with drinks. Not place normally hang out but always good mix things up in life. Smaller upscale lounge V bar is pretty cool place too hang out.
5	Had my 25th birthday party at Vbar and Jorge and his team were phenomenal!  They definitely made my birthday as hassle-free as possible.  All of my guests had a great time and the DJ played really good music.  Bottle prices were better than reasonable, considering Vbar is on the strip and the waitresses' personable service.  Definitely recommend if you and your friends don't want to deal with big crowds and looking for a place on the strip that's chill, but fun.
5	This is not a club.  It's a bar, hence the name V Bar. One of my favorite spots in Vegas for bottle service,  with a couple of the most professional and hospitable people in Vegas; Jorge (VIP Host) and Yulianna (Bottle Service ).Their level of service surpasses that of larger venues in town. If you want a mega club with a bunch of youngsters go elsewhere,  want an intimate spot for the grown and sexy come to V Bar.Singles, couples, or groups can have a great time here, drinking,  dancing,  mingling. Saturday nights the DJ spins hip hop. I am never disappointed with this spot.
4	Went to  V-bar before our dinner at Delmonico at about 6:00 on a Friday night.  The place was nearly empty but that was fine by me as it was nice and relaxing before dinner.  We were there for HH which did not include cocktails, only wine and well drinks.Hubby got a Jack and Ginger Ale hoping that JD would count as well liquor (it didn't).  I got a $14 Orange Creamsickle martini which was one of the best cocktails I've ever had in my life.  I'll go back there on our next trip just to have another one.  Defintely a place to check out if you're in the area.
3	Short Review:I've been to V Bar about twice and both times it was to support my home girl who was go go dancing there.  It's pretty small for a lounge but an okay spot for just grabbing a quick drink in the Venetian.  Oh, I remember seeing and meeting Quest Crew here because they got a table...that was a pretty cool night.
2	$30 hookah, meh service...and it was completely dead when we went. The saving grace? Really great cocktails. Bottoms up!
3	Been here twice now so I think its safe to give a review. Each time I go, its more of a low-key scene and that's what I like. Good DJs and decent priced drinks.I like that we can get tables without having to pay for bottle service. The hookah service is decently priced, however, I'm not too confident in their hookah staff's knowledge. The hookahs are always harsh and it seemed like we were smoking more ash than anything. I ordered a mint mixed with fruit flavor and barely tasted anything but a hint of something that tasted like a watered down fruit roll-up.They could use some improvement on the quality of hookah they're serving. It's not hard, just takes some research. Perhaps some better coals to have smoother smoke as well. It could just be me, because I almost wanted to go in the back and set up the hookah just as I do at home, but I expected a little more quality at $30 bucks a bowl. Rhumbar at the Mirage does a pretty decent job.Drinks were decently priced and the service was good. Everyone was friendly. The music the last time I went was on point also. It's good place to party with your friends without the crazyness of an XS or Tao venue.
3	I'm lost for words with this place... we were asked by the doormen to come in..... and when we did, it was like completely dead.  We had to leave because it was so, um....boring?!  not sure if it was the music or drinks, but the owners need to do something fast or else this place may go out of business.
5	Went back to VBar this weekend. Had a great time as usual. The service was top notch. Me and the boys don't really go out unless we're getting a table somewhere and Jorge always makes sure we get taken care of. What's nice about this place is even if bottle service isn't your thing, it's still spacious enough to have a good time. The DJ spins hip hop on Saturdays and unlike most DJ booths these days you can actually put in a request; and he'll play it. The crowd ebbs and flows so even if you show up and it's slow all I can say is don't leave because the party always appears just when you think it might not. I've gone out to all the biggest venues in Vegas for the last decade, but now I'm over the super club and much prefer the upscale bar/ultra lounge scene. Right now VBar is my stop at least once every trip.
4	After partying hard the night before; this is a great place to hang out and mingle with friends. There are a ton of VIP tables but every time I've come here, I've never seen this place more then a third full. Mixed drinks are about $10-12, Beers around $6-7. Music can get a little loud, but I think that's the only downside. Waitresses are very pretty and super nice. They added on hookah which was $30 for one bowl or $65 for unlimited bowls, which is a great deal if you plan on being there all night. There's a cigar shop a few stores down from V Bar that you can also smoke inside. Just a really chill place to hang out. I'm surprised this place  is rarely busy, but I don't mind it!
4	Staff hella cool! Drinks good! Setting nice! Worthy of a check out!
3	If you are looking for a chill place in the casino, this would be it.  I think of it more of a hookah lounge/bar.  They try to sell you VIP tables, the few times I have been here, coming from a Las Vegas local, you won't need it.  Its not that busy of a bar so getting your drinks is quick.  I think of this place more of a prefunk for the club, or an after party lounge.  Usually the music is video mash ups so when it not too busy to people watch, you can video watch, haha.
4	V Bar may be my second favorite bar in all of Vegas!Located on the casino floor of the beautiful Venetian Hotel, V Bar is a decent sized place that offers happy hour deals from 5-8pm, 7 days a week. The inside of V Bar is dimly lit, with a large L shaped bar, quite a few booths, soft benches and a dance floor. After 9pm V Bar becomes a nightclub that features a DJ, hookah and more. Once V Bar becomes a club you'll have to pay a cover charge before entering. Since I'm not much of a clubber we left before 9pm.  My party of six showed up to V Bar at 5:30pm to partake in their HH deals. Their HH features half off beers, well cocktails and a small percentage off of their specialty cocktails. The reason I had such a great time at V Bar was that even though we showed up during their happy hour, and even though it was a Saturday evening during Spring break weekend, the place was a ghost town. We drank at V Bar for almost two hours and we pretty much had the place to ourselves. It was awesome. I had quite a few drinks in the almost two hours I was at V Bar. My favorite drink of the evening was their Creamy Coconut Mojito. It was strong but still smooth and sweet. I also really enjoyed their Key Lime Pie Martini, Blueberry Stoli Press and some crazy shots our adorable server brought us.Since it was HH the prices were great. The service here was also amazing. Our server was super cute and very friendly. She really helped make our experience at V Bar an enjoyable one.   I'll definitely be returning to V Bar the next time I'm in LV. It's a great place to start your evening before a crazy night on the strip
5	I love V bar! It's really cool and modern looking, and just one of those small spots in Vegas you stop by, drink and just chill for a little while. If I pass by this place, I would probably go again! The bartenders were also very fast which is a huge plus. I think they also had hookah.
4	This place is so cool. After Tao was a huge disappointment to us, we searched for something else. My group and I really wanted to do some hookah, but couldn't really find anything. We finally came across VBar. The place is small, but still really cool. They do bottle service, sitting at the bar or they have 3 tables in the back to smoke at. If you get there early enough you can get a table. The price wasn't to bad, I believe it was $30 for the Hookah. The atmosphere is great. They have a DJ and there's room to dance around if you want to. It does get pretty busy later on. The drinks are really good there too. I had a pineapple vodka, often there is just way to much vodka and it makes the drink horrible, but this had the perfect mix. The bartenders are friendly too. If you looking for a good time and are having a hard time deciding whether or not to go to a club. This is a great starting or ending point. I can't wait to come back here next time we are in Vegas.
4	The boy with the amazing smile dancing was one of my favorites! He was awesome! Our waitress was nice and the live DJ was a good touch. Us girls had good cocktails and the boys enjoyed some hookah. Good place to relax.
1	Our group of about 20 was asked to leave. We were celebrating our friends weekend wedding and stopped by to have fun and buy some tequila bottles. Unfortunately, the way the bar "management" approached our group was not very friendly and someone in our group felt insulted, someone felt provoked...yada yada, we got kicked out. Had a blast at Cleopatra's Barge at Caesar's instead, THE END.
4	V Bar was our second stop as part of the Las Vegas Club Crawl. You'll find it in the Venetian and I can say that I love it. I do - it's got everything that I like in a bar/lounge..... Dim lights (sucker for 'em!), bar that overlooks comfy couches and tables that make up the seating area, a good ratio of seating to standing area, music that stills allows you to have a conversation w/ your mates or your date without ripping  apart your vocal cords and a smart/chic dress code. V Bar actually reminds me The Brunswick Social in Brisbane but with dimmer lights and minus the food! I think they've got happy hour from 5 PM to 8 PM, which is pretty cool. I like it, I like it a lot!
4	V Bar was cool! My friends and I found it wandering around the Venetian/Palazzo. We had wanted to take a break from the hard-core Vegas clubs and decided to just bar/lounge hop around our hotel. Has a good ratio of sitting to standing, comfy little booths and tables. I was a bit confused on if people actually ever dance or just kind of sit and bop around haha. They were playing good music and there was a decent amount of open space but no one was really making any moves to dance. It's a pretty small venue but I think it serves its purpose of just being a fun place to drink and hang out pretty well. We didn't get anything to drink, just kind of hung out and talked for like 15 minutes. As we were leaving to check out the Act Nightclub and wander around, one of the bouncers/promoters promised us a bottle of champagne if we came back at like 11:30. We didn't make it back so I'll never know if we actually would've gotten it, but it was a pretty awesome offer nonetheless.
5	Vbar was an amazing find for us, we love to smoke hookah everyday and found the spot on yelp. as we wandered the strip we made our way to the Vbar and boy were we glad, hookah, STRONG dranks, good music with DJ & a hot host at the front door PAUL (great eye candy for a girls trip #HOTTERthenPherrell lol) we enjoyed the place so much, our second day we went to XS and didn't like it so we headed back to VBAR and chilled the rest of the night. Went in jeans and a tank friday night and straight dolled up saturday night. both were acceptable. located on the casino floor of the Venetian. Small intimate area with some dancing & booths for smoking and chillin with friends/making new friends.
5	On Sunday nights, as I've learned, many of the exclusive clubs in Vegas are closed. This led to a lot of wandering around, and girls with sore heels. Luckily, just as we were about to give up, we passed in front of this inconspicuous entrance with a giant V. We were sure the cover was going to be pricy. However, when we asked at the front desk, they asked whether we wanted bottle service ($200...reasonable) vs. just going to the bar. We started at the bar, but the cocktail waitress gave us a big table despite us not getting a bottle! Service was A++. The drink menu had delightful mojitos, orange cream martinis, among other items. Probably one of the BEST drinks I've ever had was their Key Lime Pie Martini. I had two in a row, which I almost never do with food or drinks. The pie crust was sprinkled around the rim of the cup. If you crave a drink without having to suffer through the taste of hard liquor, the drinks at this place are for you!The decor is spacious and trendy. The couch seating is modern and comfortable. The music is fantastic and danceable, but not so loud as to overwhelm conversation. Within 20 minutes, everyone was up and dancing, with people breaking on the floor, having a good time. Actually, everyone mingled and we were all dancing with each other until the club closed.Great find!! May be different during the week, but on the Sunday night we went, it was exactly what we needed. Amazing drinks, good dancing, and social vibe.
1	This place sucks. They say they're open til 4am but it's not actually correct. They close at 1am, stop serving alcohol and hookah and service is sucks. So do not come here either for hookah or drinks. Oh, and they won't tell you that they close at 1am either even when you enter at 12:30am. Doesn't even deserve 1 star. Absolute bs
2	Very loud hookah bar more than a lounge. You can't really carry on a conversation because the music is very loud. Service is terrible, the drink server was hard to get a hold of cause she walks away as soon as she sets your drink down and the music is so loud she can't hear if you're trying to call her back. Hookah service was really bad, had to ask 3 times for a hookah and once we finally got one, the server never came back to adjust the coals.
5	Bartender Stephanie was amazing! She made a round of wonderful Manhattans, then a spicy red pepper, gin, ginger cocktail that was great. She's new and knows her mixology.
4	Been here a few times, and every time I loved the experience. I'm a fan of good cocktails and of course good service. With VBAR that was all provided. The service was great, the bartenders were awesome, the cocktail waitresses were sweet and the drinks were AMAZING. I'm not from Vegas, but every time we come here, the same waitress would recognize me and my friend. It was nice having someone there with a welcome back greeting and a big smile. Definitely a spot i'll be going back to in June.
1	Terrible service and bait and switch happy hour!  You could not pay me to go back, very rude staff and manger!
3	On the way back to our suite to play some bachelorette party games, we were stopped by a host (a promoter?) who offered us a free bottle of champagne and table service. We didn't want to be rude, so...The service was great and the hostesses were very attentive to the guests. It was a little bit quiet when we first arrived at about 10:30pm but it quickly got busy. The crowd was a bit on the older side than most other bars/clubs I've been to on the Strip. We didn't stay for very long as it got really crowded really quickly.A nice bonus: There is hookah available.
4	Intimate, swanky, chill bar/lounge with an area for dancing. It is located on the casino floor in the Venetian.  What a great place to kick back and enjoy Vegas without the crowds or have to worry about paying cover at Tao! Came in on a Saturday night at 11pm with 3 girlfriends and all we had to do was show ID. I also noticed that men did not have to pay any cover charges. They play hip-hop music videos on the tv screens and around 12am a DJ started playing a mixture of EDM and hip hop music. Dance floors in bars are pretty hard to find in Vegas and V Bar had a sizeable space for my friends and I to have some fun! At night, the bar offers Hookah. The bartenders were receptive to our requests to add more of a punch to our drinks ($9.50 for mixed drinks). Great music and great vibe. Overall, a great option in Vegas! Will be back!
2	Atmosphere was good, but the hookah is the biggest rip off ever. One quick light coal, and it's overly expensive.
4	Went here for a private event on a Thursday night, so basing my review solely on that (as I didn't go on a "normal" night). We were greeted at the door and confirmed we were on the list and given entry stamps. When we went inside, the music was pumping (great DJ who mixed up old classics and new favorites), the drinks were flowing, and the staff and our hosts footing the bill were more than attentive. The space is beautiful and has ample comfortable seating throughout. It is an intimate "club" feel in Vegas as the place isn't that large, but yet still large enough that there were people at the party that we never saw just because we were on opposite sides of the event. My favorite of the V Bar staff was someone who was clearing tables and also had fantastic dance moves - you could tell he loved his job as he danced from one table to the next ensuring that no empties sat around for too long. We enjoyed ourselves (and I am not really a "club" person)!
5	This review is mainly on their customer service in the back end, which shows how much they care about their customers. I was recommended to get a table at the V bar for NYE for a group of ours. I contacted Danny, their General manger and he was so tentative to the reception. I book events with groups all the time, large scale and small stuff and even though this was going to be for leisure, I still expected decent customer service. Well, V bar management out did themselves. They offered me discounted packages and were flexible on adjusting the amount of people in my group. We  flip flopped a lot. If I were the V Bar I would have told me to go fuck myself, but they didn't. Danny kept tabs on my situation as it develop since my friends were undecided. His patience was what impressed me the most.  Unfortunately, my group split and I didn't have enough people to get a table. Yes this is strictly business and thats how the game is played but I left feeling like they deserve my business. Because of that I will def recommend the V bar for events and dealing with the management. I will also make an effort to go more often. They're customer service won me over and will make me attend the bar more in the long run!
