4	Byblos has some of the best Middle Eastern food I've ever tasted. Their falafels and Tzatziki are delicious. And the restaurant serves up an amazing tomato cream soup which will have you lapping up every last bite. This is a great lunchtime destination.
1	This place was so weird!  I had heard good things from friends (and other Yelpers) but I was so disappointed!My fella and I went for lunch on a Saturday afternoon and were the only customers there (!?).  We were shown to a table by a unfriendly gentleman who did not smile or greet us in any way. He returned to take our order, gave us a cold glare to tell us that he disapproved of our choices, and then wandered off to the kitchen.  We could hear him yelling at the cook to "make sure to make my vegetarian lasagna WITHOUT meat in it"... yeah, thanks, I would appreciate that.  Eventually he brought us our food, scowled, and left us alone for the rest of our meal.  What was up with this old man?  Who ran over his puppy?Also, someone was fiddling with the music in the place, eventually deciding we should all listen to hip-hop.  :|The food was tasty, but the experience ruined it.  I won't be coming back anytime soon.
2	This place sucks.Now I understand that's not the most helpful assessment, so I'll elaborate to save you from ending up at this crap hole should you think, "Oh Erica, you must have just been cranky that day!" Not so.It all started when I had a craving for hummus earlier this week. I work too far from just about every hummus slinging place in Tempe but Byblos. So I decided to try something new, and was left with a sour taste in my mouth.First off, the place is located in a shitty plaza of decaying shops (home to the Yucca Tap Lounge if that's any indication) and it's right next door to a Mexican food restaurant that I've never seen anyone enter or leave, so it looks like a front for some shady 'business' dealings. But my craving would not be deterred by a craptastic plaza, after all, Capistrano's is in the same plaza and it's delicious. Looks aren't everything. Hummus would be had.We enter. It's empty and dumpy looking. The only people here have a mean age of 70. We significantly bring this average down. Waaaay down. We are escorted to a table and peruse the menu. The server (I assume it's the unfriendly server you had, Kelly B., because he looked like he had a stick up his ass that had been festering there for the past 60 years) took our drink orders and came back with two itsy bitsy little cups. Seriously? You're going to charge me 2.50 for six ounces of lemonade? We order. He frowns for the umpteenth time in our short interaction and waddles off to the kitchen. The food arrives.The hummus was straight up GROSS, and the pita bread was shockingly similar to cardboard. The hummus tasted sour with a texture that was a combination between chalk and paste. If I can corner a five year old, I'm going to conduct a taste test between the two substances and see if there's any discernable difference. My money's on no. The presentation was nice, with pickles, tomatoes, olive oil and parsley, but if I wrap a piece of dried up dog shit in ribbons and bows, your gift would still be a piece of dried up dog shit. Maybe you could use it as a paper weight? The tomato soup that came along with lunch was pretty decent,and the gyro meat was well spiced. But the fact that my gyro was wrapped in the aforementioned cardboard pita bread was really unappetizing. It's like they took rock hard, stale pita bread, heated it in the microwave to make it pliable, molded it and let it cool in its rigid formation. So if you're 70 and your senses are slowly numbing, you might like this place. Other than that, stay away. It's unwelcoming and unappetizing. The antithesis of what a restaurant should be. Let it slowly decay along with the rest of the shops lining this creepy little plaza at the corner of Mill and Southern.
5	Best soup ever! I saw the other reviews and yes the server (the only server) is elderly and wobbles but he is not unfriendly just misunderstood I believe.... OK so here is what I always have there, the tomato soup (a wonderful creamy tomato soup that is to die for and please don't put those unsavory crackers in....) then I would go for an order of fries and garlic dip so yum! then the chicken sandwich that is garlic infused and amazing!!! I've also had their moussaka and was impressed as well as the shawarma beef which was excellently seasoned and marinated. You won't be disappointed but look beyond the surface on this one. Also on some Fridays they have  belly dancing shows..... so great for a night out with a large group! check it out!
3	On my quest for the best Shawarma in the valley, I came across Byblos. I called in for a pick-up order, and did not get a chance to experience the dine-in. I thought the food was great, a bit much at $12.95, but did not disappoint. When I came in to pick up the order, I did notice the place seemed extremely quiet. I wonder why? I don't get too eccentric with my middle eastern tastes, but Shawarma is a great dish, chicken or beef. An interesting note: Al Pastor tacos, come from this Mediterranean dish. I need to look up the history of this connection.
4	Ok...this place is *REALLY* outdated...HOWEVER, the food was great.  The Veggie plate was gone fast (barely got to taste any of it ... wife loved it) and my Gryo plate was very good as well.  This is the ONLY other place that I've been to where the Felafel was great!  I've been to only one other place...
3	It's been close to a year since we've last visited Byblos.  The lamb shanks here are so delicious, and they are served over brown rice studded with nuts.  I never have to twist my Mom's arm to dine here.  We both love the tomato bisque ("to die for"), although it's been two years since I've had it due to food allergies.  The hummus was good everytime we've gone, and I really like how it's served with wedges of tomatoes and a couple of cornichon (?) pickles.  We always ask for warm, toasted pitas.  Reading over the recent reviews, I wonder if management have switched to lower-quality ingredients?The chicken kabobs are pretty tasty, as well, but do try their lamb shank dinners!  I'd skip the desserts here.I do have two complaints: This venue ALWAYS reeks of sanitizer; at least on all four or five times we've visited.  It's a really huge turn-off.  Another is the surly service from the much older man.  I used to think it was just a culture difference, but now I just think he's not happy working there.The restaurant could use a designer to spruce up the counter setting a bit.  As it stood a year ago, the entrance hallway looks more like an office in a decrepit building more than a space where customers wait to be seated and desserts are displayed.  On a postive note, the women's restroom was clean whenever I had to use it.
4	I met Yelpette's Georgie S and Sunny B today for lunch and was pleasantly surprised by the experience. In addition to famously amazing company, the food was really good, we had quick and efficient service and I was happy with the portions and price. We started with Hummus, which came out immediately. It was pretty tasty. Both Sunny and I had the falafel pita/ sandwich. I was really impressed with how moist the falafel was. Normally it comes out really dry. We also got soup with our meal. I had tomato, which was EXCELLENT and she had the lentil. I forgot to ask how it was. Georgie had some chicken and rice thing which looked good and she said she enjoyed. Our server was a little aggressive with Georgie and Sunny because they didn't finish all of their food (yeah... I'm a big pig and devoured everything in front of me) but I think he was just trying to ensure they were happy with their meals. For the three of us plus the takeaway chicken sandwich for my sister, the $34 tab was extremely reasonable and they handled our multiple payment methods like a champ! Next time I am in Tempe and in the mood for some falafel, I will be back!!!
5	This is my absolute favorite middle eastern restaurant.  I have only been there 2 or 3 times, but for some reason I'm always treated like family.  The place has never been crowded and you get individual attention from the waiter/owner.  Everything on the menu from soup to shawarma is top notch.  The only downside to Byblos is that they do not make their own pitas from scratch as they are regular ole store bought ones :(
3	Two things seemed to stand out  when I read the reviews of this place before dining here: good food, but less-than-stellar service. And that's pretty much what I experienced when I had dinner here with friends. We weren't sure how many would be in our group, but eight of us had arrived and two small square tables had been joined together for us - a good fit for six people, but a tight and only marginally acceptable fit for our party of eight. When another person called and said she would be joining, we requested that an adjoining small table be added to our joint tables, which would have also eased up our cramped arrangement. Instead, the dour old man mentioned in the other reviews grouchily insisted on just adding another setting to one end of the grouped tables, forcing two people to squeeze into that small space. This is extremely unreasonable given that all the tables around our party were empty and remained so for the time we were there; in fact, very few other people were dining in the restaurant that evening. The gentleman who took our order was a lot more friendly but gave us a strange high-pressure sales pitch for some dishes, as Jenny R. had warned in her review. I had given my order for keufta khachkach, but he kept pushing the beef stroganoff, saying that they may not have enough ingredients for my order (... huh!?) He desisted when I told him I can't have a cream-based dish (actually I can; I just didn't want another dish being pushed on me). It turned out they did have enough ingredients for my dish after all ... how 'bout that!I must say that the food was good, and reasonably priced for the quality and quantity. And everyone in the party agreed about the quality of the food they got.  My rating for the food alone: four and a half stars; for the service alone, one and a half stars; therefore, a 3-star average. If you plan to dine here, expect good food as a reward for your putting up with the service that tries your patience.
3	went with a group of about 20 ladies on a wednesday evening about 6:30pm. The owner/waiter was very helpful and humorous.  Each entree comes with soup or salad, choices of soup were lentil or tomato.  I had the tomato and thought it was delicious! Only one lady in the group mentioned she thought it was a little salty.  The lentil was also good according to the ladies that had it.  I ordered middle eastern tea, which was lovely.  Just the right amount of sweet and it had very pleasant taste.  My entree was vegetable mousakka, which came with rice pilav.  The pilav was good but I thought the mousakka was very greasy and I could only finish half and I skipped dessert.
4	Byblos has great food.  It's a family owned business and sometimes a little quirky but not in a bad way!  The food is authentic and worth any amount of waiting (lunch they are quick, I've waited longer for dinner when they've been busy).  Definitely go for the tomato soup, it's VERY good.  Shwarma beef is also a recommendation, I've had it over 20 times.  Their hummus and tebouleh salad is also some of the best in town.  Lastly, the honey pudding simply cannot be put into words.  If you at all like anything custard/creamy/pudding-like, just order it and thank me later.
5	Byblos! This place is fantastic! I had been going to the Yucca Tap Room (which is a dive bar and venue a hop skip and jump down the ways) for a few years and was always curious about it. "I should check that out someday." Finally a friend, that I shan't name because her betrayal is still too fresh (DAMN YOU FIDDLE R! DAMN YOU TO HELLLLLLlllll!), said, "Hey a'hole, let's go here for lunch." or something like that and I replied, 'Right on, bi'ch!' or something like that and I've been in love ever since; except on Mondays (I don't like Mondays *tell me why* I don't like Mondayyys...). Mondays the service is really bad (please note business hours). Every other time I've been (I've only done lunch, penciled that shit in and everythin', yo!) and the service was exceptional. Never you mind the previous naysayer reviews about the service being poor, those people that wrote that were obviously paid by jihadi extremists who are trying to destroy the lovely owners of Bybols because they love America. You know they love us as soon as you bite into anything they've made. The homos was the first thing to touch my lips, so creamy and warm and I swear (I don't believe in a god/s by the by) that I heard the National Anthem play with the first bite. How could someone that doesn't love America give us such wonderful food? They couldn't! PROOF! F U terrorists and mercenary reviewer bastards!After the National Anthem finished playing (it always plays every time I eat there but this particular time I was solo) I was serve a Lebanese beer (Almaza or something like that) that the owner recommended to go with my dish which he also recommended. oh em gee golly wiz! Lamb roasted in stomach lining with rice (can't remember what the dish was called; it was a special that day) and garnish and "to kill for" lentil soup. So good! Forget the virgins or white grapes or whatever translation you read this dish would be reward enough in this world not to ever want to be die a martyr.After I recovered a bit from the food coma to pay my bill and leave I stopped to convert to Islam and grab a mint or handful and joyfully walked out the door.The care put into the few dishes I've had here seems to follow through into everything about Byblos. Please, stop by and try something, you will enjoy it more than these words can tell. There is so much I still need to love there that I have yet to even try. This being laid off and going back to school has it's draw backs. Going out for good food when ever the urge strikes you is one and strippers is the other. They're just not as friendly when the only thing in your pants is fleshy.Support you local business especially when it's this good and loves America so much.
5	For a special occasion, there is no better place to go than this great Lebanese restaurant. The owners are such wonderful people. They always recognize your and your family when you come in to visit - even if it's only a few times a year. There is always the lamb special - leg of lamb stuffed with a blend of rice, pine nuts, and almond slivers roasted for 5-7 hours until it's falling off the bone. The lamb is served on a bed of the rice and has SO much flavor. My father always enjoys the lamb shank - in a beautiful tomato-based sauce. The meat is always tender and scrumptious.I almost forgot to mention the soup! If you are lucky enough to get there on a night when they have the tomato soup, DO IT! The lentil is also quite tasty, however. Don't forget dessert...they make a delightful pudding with rosewater and sprinkled with crushed pistachios and drizzled with honey. Oh man...
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! By far the best tomato soup EVER! The service is awesome, very nice owners. The hummus is great. I come here as often as I can. Good atmosphere and great food. 5 thumbs up for me!
5	This is my FAVORITE Middle Eastern (or any other kind of  food) restaurant in town! I ADORE Byblos and go there every single year for my birthday.The food is amazing and they have vegetarian dishes as well as beef, lamb and chicken dishes. My personal favorite is the keufta kache kache, along with felafel, tabouli salad and Middle Eastern tea. The desserts are lovely and decadent as well. Highly recommended- family owned and operated- lovely ambiance and great food!
5	I've been going to Byblos since I was a little girl and my family would take me. The owner still recognizes my whole family and always gives us a warm personal greeting. The food is absolutely fabulous and authentic, and the atmosphere is relaxed without being seedy. It's family owned, and you can always tell you're going to get great service. The hummus with beef and pine nuts is an absolute favorite, and I won't eat hummus anywhere else. The baklava is amazing, done in the old broom handle style. The pita is always fresh and warm, and the lamb dishes are just fabulous. For a nice dinner or a special occasion, Byblos is definitely the place to go if you want great food and service.
4	i'm only giving this place four stars because i haven't actually been in, just take out and Matthew went to go pick it up.i must say, super delicious. the gyro i ordered was huge and meaty, just like i like it. Matthew got falafel, which i hate, but he said it was fantastic.it came with lentil soup, which was terribly comforting, although unfamiliar territory for me. it was a wonderful discovery,  they just finished remodeling, so i think it may be time to go and dine in.i'm excited.
1	Unfortunately still in pissy mood at going 0 for 3 in last new restaurant attempts.  Once again, a brief review filled with disappointment and regret.  Started with the Spanakopita, which was labelled as a Spinach Cheese Pie for $3.95.  It was cold.  What should have been flaky heavenly goodness in the form of phyllo dough was just greasy congealed torture, which was quite impressive with how this was so damn cold.  Maybe they should've left this in the microwave longer.  Blah.Entree that was recommended as their house specialty was their oven roasted lamb for $11.95.  It was halfway edible as the rice was sorta interesting with pine nuts for a nice crunch, but was a little dry.  And then the lamb.  It probably wouldn't be fair to say it was dry, it would be more fair to say it was Arizonan desert sand masquerading as meat.  Damnit, so disappointed again I can't even think of a witty way to end this review.  God bless the edit button, I'll have to come back with something.
4	I love only certain dishes here!  Tabouli is absolutely delicious and refreshing.  I like their tabouli more than Cafe Istanbul. Their hummus is perfect, but so is Cafe Istanbul's so that's a tie for me.  I always enjoy their tomato soup, mmmmm.  I usually get the arayess and enjoy it every time.  Look forward to trying more, but always like to stick to those I enjoy.
4	This is a great place. Lady is very friendly. Tomato Soup is excellent. Nice family atmosphere, relaxing and charming for a night out.
3	Stopped into this nice, mid-sized Middle Eastern restaurant for lunch today, got situated in a comfortable booth, & ordered the "Oven Roasted Lamb Platter" ($10.95).  It started with a cup of my choice of soups (Lentil), & then at the appropriate time the lamb arrived, served as tender chunks topping a neatly shaped pile of brown rice with tasty nut slices in it, several garnish items around the edge of the plate, a basket of flatbread, & a cup of sweet green mystery sauce which seemed to taste best with a piece of the lamb dipped into it & then both cuddled up into some bread.I liked the food here, & the portion sizes were good.  If you're not a lamb person, a number of other lunch combinations could be put together for about the same cost or less.I DO have a negative to throw out though.  The proprietor, Mr. Mirza, was my server, & he was a cold sort of a fellow, as if he disliked me from the moment I entered.  At least that's the way it came across, & staff friendliness at a restaurant DOES matter to me.  I guess I'm spoiled by the medium to very friendly service I encounter most everyplace I go to eat here in Arizona.  Anyhow, that will probably keep me from returning to Byblos here (unless I hear from Mr. Mirza), so for now I must hold Byblos here down to 3 Stars.
4	With several Middle Eastern friends, I get a little picky because I get homemade food. Byblos was recommended to my boyfriend and me by a gentleman in Changing Hands who overheard me saying I missed our friend's hummus (they moved back to Israel), so we decided to check it out, and we were so happy we did!The older gentleman who served us had a lovely accent and demeanor, and he was very helpful with choosing appetizers and entrees. The decore is a little sparse I suppose, but the food makes up for it. We had the hummus and shish-kabobs that were delicious. The hummus was as close as we've found to our Israeli friend's, so needless to say that would have been enough to captivate our senses.We will definitely be going back!
5	The tomato soup is amazing. We found this restaurant on our way to the airport and I can't wait to come back for the lamb. So good!
5	I love this place!  The food is amazing and the owners are charming to a fault!  The Hummus, Grape Leaves, Kibbi Akras, and the Lamb Dinner are my favorites!  Highly recommended!!
5	BYBLOS!... YUM!!!I am Half Middle Eastern, Half Japanese...so i grew up eating primarilly these two types of cuisines.And i have to say Byblos is BY FAR, The Best Middle Eastern Restaurant in Az...PERIOD.Everything I've had so far was delicious.Oh wait, i can think of "1 thing" that wasn't good, their pita bread.Its obviously a store bought variety, and not freshly made.and kinda like eating cardboard...However, everything else, mmmm, Love it.Try their..."Hummus w/ Meat & pine" its much tastier then the plain hummus...Their "Tomato soup" (to die for, & i dislike tomato soup, weird huh?)...Oh, and their Kibbe ...And the Shrimp scampi's pretty good too...Also a friend told me he loved the chicken Mediterranean (thou i haven't tried it)So those are My top Fav's... You won't be disappointed.i believe anyone who gave less than a 4 star rating to this exceptional restaurant, either never had middle eastern cuisine before, or does not have a sophisticated enough palette to be rating restaurants.
1	The owner was nice but very pushy on me ordering the specials. They didn't have what I wanted (grilled chicken burger) so I went with a falafel which seemed to upset him. My order came with soup, I chose lentil. That was very good. The falafel however was just not good at all. My tastebuds just could not agree with the sauce or ingredients.
3	It's been hit or miss here. I've had some good stuff and some okay stuff. The babaganouj and moussaka were delicious, the lentil soup and spinach pie were eh. Overall it's good food and I will go back, and the owner is pretty amusing and very kind!
4	The food here is awesome, but definitely be prepared for the host to be kind of gruff with you. However, he wasn't pushy about the specials. As suggested, the hummus with meat and pine is hummus with beef and pine nuts and was a great appetizer. We tried both the lentil and the tomato soup. The lentil was good, but the tomato was creamy, had basil and was my favorite of the two. We also tried the falafel as well as the gyros plate. Both were very good and very reasonably priced. Byblos is definitely getting added to the restaurant rotation.
2	I was not very happy going to this place. I walked in and the owner asked me ''what do you want' I asked if I could look at a menu and he seemed confused why I was even there. I would normally go to pita jungle for a good gyro but I wanted to try this place out. I asked about the lentil soup and I felt like a teacher was scolding me for not knowing what kind he had. The gyro was okay nothing amazing. but I would have gone back if the owner wasnt so indifferent towards me.
2	Byblos is a run-of-the-mill Mediterranean restaurant in desperate need of a facelift!  With a hit-and-miss menu and tall asking prices, it's obvious that Byblos still has much to learn after nearly 28 years in business!  The restaurant itself is well dated and the atmosphere inside generally feels like a retirement home lobby with booths for seating...booths that are very worn and borderline uncomfortable.  While the decor could use a serious smack with the pretty stick, the smaller size of the restaurant does make it fairly cozy for family dinners and small gatherings.  The older lady and gentleman that run the place are pleasant and good natured, but can be difficult to understand.  Obviously, this has caused several of the negative reviews, but their heavy accents do add something to the experience beyond just the obvious confusion.  One thing worth noting is that they are their own waitstaff and they clearly don't move as quickly as they used to, so service can be a bit slow if there are more than 3 or 4 tables to tend to.  On the plus side, it's easy to get prime seating on both Friday and Saturday night, because it's rarely a full house!  It's also one of the few places left in the area where you can enjoy free, live Belly Dancing during dinner on the weekends, so I give them props for supporting local talent!Regarding the food, I will say that the lamb dishes are tasty, the complimentary mint tea is exceptionally relaxing and the soups have a genuine down-home taste to them.  However, most of the main entree items are no more than food truck quality pitas and state fair combo plates sold at a premium price.  The quality of the main ingredients just isn't there and a quick trip to the frozen food aisle at Costco would net you most of the supplies needed to start your very own "Byblos" franchise at home!The desserts are tasty, but few are traditional and none of them, except maybe the baklava, appear to be made by the restaurant.  Also, the bar is limited and the wine selection is nothing short of dreary, though that doesn't stop them from asking fine dining prices on grocery store brands of alcohol.While there's no real "value" in the Byblos experience, it's certainly a solid choice when you're just too tired on a Friday evening to drive somewhere else or the inlaws you hate happen to be in town and you absolutely "must" take them out!
3	the hummus was a little on the oily side, but everything was great! i only wish that i could have tasted the tomato cram soup everyone raves about...my boyfriend ate it!
5	One of my favorite middle eastern restaurants in the valley! YUM!Sister and brother owned, this family restaurant offers a loving atmosphere and handmade and authentic food.We have come here countless times, and every time we are greeting lovingly. They treat all their customers with care; stopping by and checking if things are okay. The service can be a bit slow at times, but the brother and sister and always running back and forth from the kitchen, and the table cleaner works very hard, is super friendly, and helps out the owners when they are busy.I don't think we've had anything from the menu that has disappointed us. The hummus, babaghannouj, fool (LOVE it), and tabouli (taboule) are all amazing to start with or have as sides. Scratch that... all of the appetizers are homemade and delicious. You could make a meal out of all the starters.Be sure to get some lentil soup with your entree (can be a tad salty sometimes), and if they have some homemade dessert, make sure to end your visit with some baklava.The lamb kebabs we always get; you get a ton of food in each entree, including rice and hummus (if you don't like a lot of olive oil make sure to ask for hummus and babaghannouj to be served without olive oil drizzled on top).For a good sampling, get a bunch of appetizers to split (vegetarian combo platter is a good place to start), and for the entree the Byblos Mixed grill offers lamb, chicken, and keufta (ground and spiced meat) kabobs.Despite coming here so many times, we still have many things we want to try. The problem is wanting to get the same delicious meals we got the previous visit instead of trying new ones!Byblos will not disappoint! I would recommend calling ahead to make sure they are open. Lunch and dinner are served, but Tuesday through Saturday they close at 3:30pm and reopen for dinner service at 5:00pm. They are closed Mondays, serve dinner only on Sundays, and usually have a week or two in July/August when they close for vacation.
4	Good food, especially the lamb. Byblos is a family-owned business and the food tastes like something Grandma would cook. Filling and hearty. The service is excellent and the restaurant is clean. But the decor is frumpy. If you can overlook the dowdy ambience, this restaurant is definitely worth the visit.
4	First off, I've seen a few people complaining about service...and I have to imagine these are people that complain about the service everywhere and are probably just a pain in the ass to deal with. I've eaten here quite a few times over the years and have had nothing but impeccable service from the man and woman who are always there, I believe they are the owners.  I've usually been thanked before my meal is through multiple times, they really appreciate the customers they have.They do like to highlight their lamb dishes, and say that they are on special but they are pretty much always being served and they are all crazy good.If you want to have a great meal, here is what I recommend.The hummus with pine nuts.  Follow that up with the mousakka or lamb shank.  Get the tomato soup that everyone raves about...my buddy and I both have agreed multiple times that it's hands-down the best tomato soup we've had.If you are still hungry after all of that....their baklava and coffee are great to end on.I find it hilarious that people will dis on this place and say they should have went to Pita Jungle instead -- have fun with that!
4	Summary for A.D.H.D readers:* Tomato soup is the best I have ever had* The restaurant was lonely and located in a shady area* The server was very kind, but a little pushy on insisting drinks and dessert* The gyro meat was a little too greasy for my taste, but everything else tasted fresh* Fast service, clean tables, and authentic Greek music playing* Prices range from $12+ for entrees, but they are large portions and come with soupFull Review:Yes, the tomato soup is the best I've ever had.The restaurant is located in a shady area, but I was not too intimidated since it was right on the side of the street and well-lit.Upon entering, I was shocked that there weren't more people eating there. In fact, we were the only ones in there. We waited around awkwardly until someone sat us and then we were greeted by a 75+ year old server, who I assume is one of the owners.We ordered tomato soup, a gyro plate, diet pepsi, and baklavas for dessert. It didn't seem like business was going too well. The server was a little pushy on the up-sells (the drink and the dessert). The soda was in a smaller cup than I am used to. While we waited for food, we also took sips of the water, which was pretty good. The soup arrived in less than 3-5 minutes. I originally ordered the lentil soup, but was very happy they brought me tomato instead. I am not exaggerating when I say that this was the best tomato soup I have ever tasted in my life. Lots of flavor and smelled amazing. Anyway, about 10 minutes later, our food plates arrived and it looked delicious. The pita bread was plenty and they were all warm. I like my pita bread warm and soft. This pita bread was on point. To be honest, the gyro meat strips were a little too greasy for my liking, but they tasted GREAT dipped into the tomato soup.The rice was well cooked and a great compliment to the tzatziki sauce, which was tangy and refreshing. After we devoured our meal, we felt more than stuffed. But, the waiter insisted we have dessert and even coffee. We agreed on getting baklavas for dessert. We passed on the coffee.The baklavas were $2.50 each, were smaller than usual, but were overall pretty good. I'm not too sure they were made on location though. I recommend it for those looking for an authentic Greek food experience that have the time and budget for more than a fast food Greek experience.
4	This was my first visit here today and I ordered the spinach pie and small hummus. It was really good. My friend L got the gyros salad and it looked so good she said it was. My other friend T ordered the veggie lasagna and it looked so good! She ate every bite. I didn't feel the portions  were to small I thought they were perfect!
2	I rated this low because of the bad service, the food is good, I would recommend take-out instead of dinning in.  The service is bad because they keep saying they will be with you in a minute and it can keep getting repeated for 10 minutes or longer.  The service is the worst I have seen even with other smaller restaurants like this one, and I'm not one of these people that just complain about everything.
5	Great food.. Great service.. The owners took very good care of me and my bf. The waiter was very attentive and friendly. We had the hummus with meat for an appetizer ..came with pita bread..very yummy. I had the chicken sharwerma plate. It was not what im used too in Jordan but there version was also delicious.  The tomatoe soup was excellent the best ive ever had. My bf had the lamb special. Very tasty. I will be coming back here very soon =) & telling everyone to visit this place.
5	Where can I start with this majestic palace of deliciousness?Do I start with the cradle-to-grave phenomenal service that I received? Each employee assisting with our meal was gracious, friendly, passionate about their food, and helpful, with a customer-minded approach. The recommendations and guidance were all spot-on and without a spot of condescension or assumption as to palate.Do I start with the delightful Lebanese beers served cold and modestly priced? Or would it be wiser to start with the hummus plate, seeping out of its serving dish with tender meat, succulent tomatoes, warm, crisp pita, and crunchy pine nuts? Each bite matched the oily, savory flavors of tahini and rich spices with a cool splash of spicy pilsner. Or do I start by echoing the well-deserved praise of the tomato soup? Like something out of a volcano, the tomato soup etched a crimson, bubbling line along my taste buds, dazzling me with creaminess and soothing me with earnest tomato flavors.I'd probably have to start there, because it would be wrong to start with the lamb special of the evening: ouzi. Baked after a long bath in deeply soothing marinades, the lamb was moist and full of layered flavors. Dipped into mint chutney, the flavors evolved further, forcing me to helplessly devour every last piece, while catching hints of cinnamon and pepper. Sidebar: my special lady friend had chicken taouk and it was fantastic as well, with a crunchy black grill mark that sealed in a citrus and garlic burst.At that point, I was prepared to shower Byblos with hyperbole and senseless praise, damning myself to an eternity as the ferryman of new souls to Byblos, a sort of Charon to their restaurant. But then I ate their Tiramisu and it was the best Tiramisu I had ever had up to that point in my life.I'm writing this review from inside one Byblos' meat coolers. I haven't left in two days. I've been living in the kitchen, eating their food without rest. And yet, even now, as I pause to digest, I'm not sure where to start next.
5	The food is spectacular! My family has been going to Byblo's for at least 16 years. Their family style, quality and service never waivers. I would highly recommend this place! We always start with the Hummus with Meat & Pine Nuts. My son loves the lamb platter. I've tried both the lamb and beef kababs. Both are excellent. If you live in Tempe, you must try this place.
3	I love family-run businesses and I try to support them over chains whenever possible. But this place fell short. I really was torn whether to give it 4 stars, but I felt too underwhelmed to give it anything more than 3.Let's start with the good: the tomato soup they serve as a side for their entrees is DELICIOUS and creamy and rich. their hummus is also really good! our server was very friendly.The not so good: the pitas they served with their hummus were a little hard/dry. they served french fries (the crinkly frozen kind) as a side for their gyro. service is extreeeeemely slow.  luckily we were not in a hurry, but literally from the time we finished our food to the time when anyone came by to see if we were done or wanted the check it was 20 minutes. and when we first sat down to order it was a good 10 minutes before we got water or anyone asked what we wanted to order. I suppose it's part of the charm of being a family business, but just keep that in mind and don't plan on rushing through a meal here.The bad: I ordered the greek salad combo with lamb kebab and hummus.  the lamb kebab was literally just 3 chunks of kebab (and I didn't like the flavor). and the hummus came in a tiny condiment cup, but with nothing to dip it into?  I've never heard of eating hummus on top of a salad, but maybe that's what I was supposed to do. also I felt a little pressured when our server kept asking us if we wanted something to drink other than water or if we wanted to order appetizer, dessert, etc. - you get the picture
4	This was a great new dining experience for us.  It is a mix of Greek, Lebanese food.  The owner was our waiter and gave great direction on what the specials were, what he felt would be something we should try.  His sister was in the kitchen making the food so I felt a little like I was in their home despite the restaurant setting.  I had the Lamb osso bucco, it was fantastic, with brown rice, herbed potatoes, & veggies. We also had the falafel, which Christopher loved. It was very good.  The humas with minced beef and pickle was also fantastic.  We had chose this restaurant based on the online reviews and it was close to where an out of town guest was staying but we will be back.  They did all they could to satisfy us and made the promise at our table that if we did not like it we did not pay for it.  They ever brought items we did not order for us to try.  Desert was just ok, they claim to have the best carrot cake you have ever had but, meh... I've had better. One of the reviewers here on yelp recommended that you order the Lebanese beer, I did.I am passing the recommendation on to you.  GET the Lebanese beer!  It went perfect with the meal.We will be back!
4	How is it that I have lived here for almost 20 years and this is the first time I have stopped into Byblos? They have been here - neighborhood local - for almost 30 years! The owner stopped by while we were enjoying a delicious dinner of moussaka, hummus, babaganouche, tomato soup, and the lamb special. Every bite was incredibly fresh and delicious. Don't skip out before having dessert - the tiramisu and honey pudding were incredible. Oh, and the Turkish Coffee - great flavoring with the cardamom. Stop in and say hello - they'll love you for it and your tummy will thank you.
5	Great place for Lebanese and Mediterranean food. Family run atmosphere, and all freshly prepared. The hummus is tasty and creamy, everything from the grill is fantastic. I try to order a different entree at every visit,  tried the lamb last time, by far that is my favorite.
4	It's an annual thing, visiting Byblos for Susanna A's birthday gathering, and for this, the 4th or 5th time, another quality dining experience.  Over the years I've sampled from the gyro platter, the keufta khachkach, schwarmas, and roast chicken, on up to last night's "Mediterranean Chicken", a pleasing chicken in sauce, for me spread over a bed of soft, perfectly cooked rice, accompanied by a cup of satisfyingly homemade tasting tomato soup: $11.95 +$2 iced tea, tax & tip and out for well under $20.  Dining area is pleasant, fairly large, has both booths and tables not too close together.  Comfortable and uncramped, middle eastern music playing softly in the background. White tablecloths and cloth napkins add a nice touch.  The older gentleman took our orders, his bad knees forcing him to sit while he did so, but just made for more homey experience as he engaged in brief light conversation, gently encouraging "the lamb", but which tonight we all shied away from in favor of less expensive fare.Other staff delivered our plates, filled and refilled our water and tea glasses.  Our party of 6 was well-served and glasses never had a chance to be dry for more than a few seconds if at all.  Several of us shared a bite of Susanna's chocolate cake, met all hopes and expectations, qualifying as "scrumptious" all around.  I've had their baklava in the past and it too was not disappointing, a moist honey-drenched delight as opposed to the petrified dehydrated shredded wheat like offering you'll occasionally find elsewhere if not fresh.The restrooms are towards the back of the dining room through the swinging double-doors, ladies to the left, men to the right.  The men's room is attractive but nothing "fancy".  It was and has always been on my visits, clean.  It's of decent size and un-cramped, with  one stall, one urinal, sink and mirror, and a new automatic paper towel dispenser.  All in all another very pleasant dining experience I'd encourage anyone to try. Though much of the menu is closer to $20 than my satisfying Med Chicken, barring too many extra drinks, I think you'd be hard-pressed to make the tab exceed $30 a person, and I believe you will be satisfied with the quality of the fare for your funds.   It's a family business with sister as chef, and brother out front.  Belly dancing by neither on Saturday nights.
4	Simply excellent.  Samir is an exquisite host and he goes above and beyond to ensure you enjoy your experience.  Lamb was excellent.  All the dishes had good flavor and were well presented.  This is a family owned restaurant that deserves your patronage.  Give it a try - you won't be disappointed.
5	First time trying this place out and it really hit the spot. It's family owned, and has been running successfully for 30 years now! The old guy is the sweetest, funniest, and most proud person you'll ever have as a waiter. The creamy tomato soup really is to die for. Their specials are amazing, I had the lamb and rice off one of the specials and tried a few different appetizers. Everything is just delicious! If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place. Definitely going back soon!
5	Came here for a birthday dinner because of the belly dancing entertainment they had.The restaurant was empty upon arrival, but we were seated very quickly by the owner.The owner and his wife are very friendly. He was very informative in explaining all the menu items and specials, and even recommended a Lebanese beer to try.The appetizers came out quickly. We ordered the hummus to start which was made very well and had an addicting flavor. Their pita bread tasted a bit more authentic than most places and complimented the hummus.The lentil soup that came with the meal was excellent, I wish it was larger because I could have eaten a huge bowl of it.Soon after the appetizers the belly dancer started, she was very friendly and was very good at the same time. Even brought up the birthday girl to the front and danced with her.Our food came out in adequate time. I ordered the combination kabob plate. All the meat was very tender and extremely juicy. The rice pilaf had amazing flavor and everyone at the table loved it.At the end of the meal I ordered a cup of coffee which was pretty much the icing on the cake for me, and instantly made me a fan of this place.For a place that has been here 30 years I am surprised I have never steeped foot in here before. I can guarantee I will step foot in this place again very soon.
1	This was the first Mediterranean place I had in AZ. I didn't feel like making dinner that night and was craving falafel, so I looked on Yelp and found the 4 star review, one of the highest and closest to me. The pictures looked authentic and delicious. I should've stayed home and saved my money. It's a hole in the wall, which I ordinarily like and can be a good indication of authenticity. The 1 star is for an attempt at a restaurant. The atmosphere and service wasn't bad. The falafel though -- worst I've ever had. It's dried out and flavorless. I judge a Mediterranean place on how good their falafel is, and this was terrible. I hardly wanted to finish it but did because I was hungry. The server -- I think he was the owner -- recommended a red wine, and I sprang for it. It was almost skunked, so he clearly pushed it on me to get rid of it. Gross.
5	Great restaurant. Really delicious food and good quality. Place is very clean and owner is a really nice guy. Highly recommend you check out this Tempe landmark (:
5	I'm very sad to admit being a Tempe native and never having tried Byblos until tonight! I really can't say why because it's been there forever, our large family usually going for fast food or Mexican on the rare occasion when we ate out.We had an AMAZING meal this evening in a very comfortable atmosphere served by lovely people that are sure you have everything you'd like without being rude or invasive to our dinner conversation.Appetizer, soup, lamb, chicken, wine, beer, dessert, & Turkish coffee to finish...we had it all and every bite, taste, drink was delicious! This is a new favorite and I can't wait to eat here again! We eat out several times a week nowdays,  and an establishment like Byblos is ideal not only for the delicious food but for the atmosphere that allows a family to actually dine, taking our time to enjoy our meal as well as each other's company - a novel idea, I know!And did I say how much we enjoyed the lovely belly dancer? That was the icing on the cake for us...so fun!
3	I love this mom and pops owned restaurant. Two of my good friends have been eating at byblos for years and always spoke wonderful things about it. About a month and a half ago my husband and I ordered some food to-go and were pretty happy with our experience. The hummus is wonderful and the falafel is the best I've found in the valley thus far. The gyro meat is a bit thicker and a different consistency than I'm used to, but it was tasty. The soup was really great too. This place got three stars because I think the gyro meat could possibly improve a little, and the inside of the restaurant is really dated.
4	Food is absolutely delicious and also well priced considering the fresh homemade ingredients and the certainly ample portions! Went with my mom and we each started with the soup of the day - lentil - which was creamy and flavorful. It came to the tank at the proper temperature which is important to me with soup. I HAD to try their tzatziki so I ordered a gyro plate (boring, I know) but the lamb was absolutely amazing and very flavorful. The fresh pita was warm and fluffy and I also loved the taboule on the side. The tzatziki, while fresh tasting, is not the best I've ever had. It was good though. My dish also had rice pilaf on the side which I found to be a bit bland but my mom enjoyed it. My mom got the special of the day - slow cooked lamb shank. It literally fell off of the bone. She loved it and also enjoyed her fresh pita and grilled veggie medley that came with the dinner. She did not like her rice, but I loved it so we traded. Hers was a mixture of rice, pine nuts, and ground beef. Great!Would go here again if I was in the area. Place is very cute inside. Only negative for me for the waiter/possibly owner who stood next to the table while we counted our money for the bill and discussed the tip. Very rude and not appreciated. Otherwise a good experience.
5	Best restaurant EVER! I have been going here since I was two years old. The owners of the restaurant are family now. The service is always personable (even when we bring people that they don't know)! Also...the food is AMAZING. We crave it all the time. Get the tomato soup! You won't regret it! They are willing to help with any kind of diet restrictions :)EAT HERE! NOW!
1	This rating is for service. Was greeted promptly and quickly shown to a table where we waited & waited & waited. No water. No service. Left an went somewhere else.
5	One of my favorite places to eat in the world! We have been going here for over 20 years and it's food is as amazing as it gets! The service is wonderful, the owners and staff are basically like family to us now. The food is to die for. If you want a good place to eat, especially for nice dinners such as birthdays, New Years, graduations, etc., this is the place to go. I recommend trying the tomato soup as well. It's amazing.
4	I use to go there in very regular base. I love their tomatoo soup. IT IS A MUST. I also like their  chicken palte with white sauce (I think mushroom). The owners are lovely and sweetheart
3	I have driven by Byblos so many times and was looking forward  to join the International Supper Club UYE in September, the front parking lot is extremely small, but there is parking in the back, and it's a lot bigger on the inside then you would, ok I, assumed it to be. We all were seated and handed menus and the owner was giving us a very detailed list of the specials they had going, and was even ready to take our order right then and there, but we told him we needed a few more minutes, so he said he would be back in 5, and he was. I already knew what I wanted, I ordered the Falafel Sandwich, it came with soup & fries. There as 2 choices of soup, lentil and tomato or as the owner put it, fight for or die for. I went with the Lentil soup, I love lentil soup but after the order was placed he came back and apologized for the mistake and it was chicken noodle soup or tomato, so now I went with tomato soup.  He said it was to die for! Well let tell yall, that tomato soup was creamy, full of flavor and well maybe it was to die for! I'm not much of a soup person but I could see me having a nice warm bowl of that on a cold day.   The falafel wrap was good to, I had been craving falafel and this hit the spot.  Good food, great company, great time! Look forward to the next ISCUYE.
5	I was introduced to this place by my Girlfriend on our anniversary. She has been coming here for year. I cannot begin to say enough about the service and the since of community that is present here. The food sealed the deal thought the Lamb is amazing and also go for the tomato to die for because it is. I could ramble all day about how good it is but all I have to say is go and you will not be disappointed.
5	Love at first bite! The owner is so incredibly charming that I wish I could adopt him as a family member ! I am picky with falafel and often find it bland and flavorless..I could eat it here breakfast lunch and dinner! The fact we talked about our experience the whole drive home tells you this place is something special!
4	I have not been to the restaurant for over a year buthad I been in the area would definitely want to return.In comparison to similar foods served elsewhere it was at least equal  Service was good but the thing I personally most appreciated was the friendliness of other customers. I seem to be a magnate to either the nicest or most annoying people. Not being at all sophisticated I truly appreciate other people's advice and friendliness.
5	Two words: tomato soup. It's the most incredible liquid I have ever tasted in my life.
5	ABSOLUTE FAVORITE PLACE TO EAT!!! Definitely worth the $$. Lunch time the meals are same portion for half price so sometimes I end up doing that on weekends
5	Simply the best place to have a late lunch with friends. i Love it, everything they serve is AWESOME. it makes me feel like it is my mom's cooking every time i go there. this is one of the best places to enjoy a nice arabic meal. They also have the best desserts and cakes, THE FREAKING BEST CAKES. go there and get some real food now.
2	First time dining here. I am visiting from out of town and my family and i were expecting a good meal. However, i cant say that was the case. For starters our drinks were TERRIBLE. I ordered a whiskey ginger ale. They do not have ginger ale. They have soda water and pepsi that they will give to you without warning. After returning the first set of drinks we got a second drink which was supposed to be 7up and scotch. It wasnt. I don't know what it was, but it wasn't what i ordered. I couldn't taste any scotch and my drink was still a caramel color. The owners were constantly over our shoulders begging for praise and attention. After getting our weak drinks we got our hummus which was not terrible but i wasn't impressed. We all ordered our food from the female half of ownership who was insistent on us ordering the lamb. None of us are plain lamb fans so after repeatedly declining her offer we were able to order. Our server went into the back to cook our food and the busser brought out our soup. The Lentil soup lacked flavor, i was upset because it looked amazing. The tomato soup was good. Not extraordinary, but good. Next we received our meals.  Gyro salad, beef kabob, gyro kabob and some other kabob i cannot pronounce. Ground beef in the shape of a sausage-turd. Either way, the meat was very dry, in all cases and kind of unpleasant to eat. Large chunks of unexpected toughness in my meat. The rice was plain, and lacked substance. I was hungry enough where i finished my meal, i cant say the same about the rest of my company even being as hungry as we were after a long day of traveling. After warding off the owner for a fifth and sixth time, we had to ask for our check and to go boxes which we decided upon not using anyway. I was extremely disappointed from the start, and had high hopes that it would improve with our meals, but it just never did. I will not be returning nor will i suggest this place to my friends. I was very upset with everything because i was very excited to try this place out.  I give one star for our meal, and two for service. As obnoxious as it was having the owners constantly over our shoulders we received everything in a timely manner and our specific requests were granted.
