3	Not a bad place.  It's located off the 202 Loop near the Bass Pro Shops.I'm a west coast girl so I've never heard of this place before until I saw it on my way to Home Depot that is in the same area.  I had asked a friend about it and he swore it had the best breakfast he's ever had.  Clearly he's never been to Black Bear Diner!Went on a Sunday...biiiig mistake.  As we were waiting to be seated, my friend and I realized we weren't the following...a) religious enough (it was Sunday, so I'll cut some slack on that)b) old enoughc) tacky enoughd) cranky enoughMy eyes.  OMYEYES! I was blinded by the sequins and dazzled from the home bedazzled shirts.  OMYEYES! I swear, everyone was over 60 and complaining about their meals. I was surrounded by senior citizens who bitched and complained then threatened to NOT pay for their meals.  Personally, I felt like they were scamming the place. I know customer service is a thankless job, but sometimes customers are way too cheap and shouldn't be eating out.Breakfast wasn't so bad, but I found it incredibly bland and laden with salt. Within an hour of eating there I was *parched*. Their "sourdough" pancakes didn't remind me of sourdough in the slightest. Their scrambled eggs seemed to have been made from liquid eggs, solidifying my belief that I'm too young for this establishment. The only true highlight were the corn muffins that were brought out while we waiting.  YUM.I felt so cheap and tacky walking through Home Depot after while guzzling 4 bottles of water.  Yes, I paid for them. The fluid retention from my salt intake was enough to make me think they had some MSG in their food.Long review short? If you like salty food and cantankerous seniors, this place is for you.
4	Cracker Barrel = Southern staple, right? I'm pretty sure I heard Oprah say that once. Part country store-part restaurant, they definitely have cool things to buy. Or, rather, stuff that you would get, say, in a magazine that you would order around Christmastime or if some kid was selling stuff for school.They sell rocking chairs for about 130 bucks apiece. But, they're really well-made, and if I had enough room in my car, I would have bought one and taken it home. I don't usually tell my server that I don't eat meat when I go out. During this visit to Cracker Barrel, however, my friend blurted it out when I was trying to decide between salad and pancakes. In light of this, my waitress was extremely helpful in trying to find me a dish to eat that would be satisfying enough to keep me full for the 5.5 hour drive home. She even went as far as taking my menu and drawing stars next to all the items I could eat. Totally unnecessary, but really sweet. Hashbrown casserole + homemade biscuits = heavenly deliciousness. And, affordable too!!!
4	We eat at Cracker Barrel about once a month or so.So far, the Dobson restaurant beats the Chandler one by a mile. We like to eat out late (open until 10pm Sun.-Thurs., 11pm Fri./Sat.). However, after 8pm or so, the Cracker Barrel on Chandler likes to run out of staples (like chicken and dumplings), but not tell you until they bring half of your meal out. "Oh, did we mention that we're out of the one thing you wanted?" Personally I love the fried catfish with crunchy cornmeal coating, green beans, mac & cheese, and fried okra. If you're in the mood for breakfast, the pancakes are good as well, and the bacon is thick cut and well done. I recently discovered that the biscuits and gravy with a side of bacon meal is really cheap compared to a full meal. While I'm not a fan of the biscuits, lots of sausage gravy makes them edible enough. The cornbread is almost as bad as the biscuits. Apparently some people like both, but I can't see it. Cracker Barrel coffee is not that great either, but I drink it anyway. : )My husband likes the chicken and dumplings above all else, although he'll eat the fried chicken from time to time (DANGER: it's heavy!). All in all, if you like Southern cooking, you should give Cracker Barrel a try.
5	My wife had never gone here until I took her. Me having lived in Florida and Louisiana I love this kinda home cooking that you don't get really anywhere else here in the valley. I LOVE the chicken and dumplings! They are the best. My wife likes the fried shrimp and chicken fried steak. The Mac n' cheese, the Fried Okra and the cheesy potatoes are my favorite sides. Their breakfast puts the boots to any other similar breakfast place. The pancakes are amazing, the bacon is awesome, the waffles are the best.  Plus on top of the amazing food you get to roam the Country Store while you wait or after your meal. Tons of old skool candy treats, and a bunch of stuff you would never buy but is fun to look at :) I love going to Cracker Barrel any time and have never been to a bad one!
3	Cracker Barrel...ahhh, Cracker Barrel. How I love thee.The only thing I can't stand about it is that, no matter when I went, no matter which one I went to (the one in Glendale or Mesa), the waitress or waiter ALWAYS seemed to ignore my party and I...even if the place was dead! I don't understand why, and I probably never will, but it was because of this that I don't frequent the place as much as I used to. Really, the only time I really ever want to go is when my friend and I stock up for Anime Expo with their candy sticks.
4	Great place, the food was very good and the service was fast and friendly, i would definitely come back whenever i am in town......great atmosphere.
5	Fast service, good food and you can chose to match meat with vegetables and skip the same old side dish (potatoes, rice or pasta). Works fine when ever I go, but for groups must be a headache.
3	Lunch today was my first time at the Cracker Barrel, and probably my last.  I had their combination plate, featuring a slice of ham, chicken and dumplings, and meatloaf.  The meatloaf was good, the ham OK, and the dumplings a strangely gelatenous texture.  Cut up white chicken accompanied the dumplings.  In their defense, one of my dining companions said her mom used to make them the same way, but I like my dumplings light and fluffy.  Nothing was served hot, barely past warm.  No beer and wine offered at all, but I was there for lunch, so not a big deal.  The service was great, and everyone friendly, which is why I bumped up the rating from a 2 to a 3.  I guess it's a good value for the money though (my plate was around $8 or $9), if you're not too picky about your food.
3	Amazing food. Poor service.  Every time I go to this one it seems I get the worst service ever.  Flat out - the food is amazing and you get served so much you don't need to eat for the rest of the day - but the service sucks .. these guys need a lesson in taking care of people, or hiring more competent staff.
4	This isn't the first time I've frequented this Cracker Barrell, but my and my friends passed up Chompie's for some good ole CB. We were seated quickly, and it was pretty poppin' as it was a Saturday morning. Ordered the usual, a Raspberry Lemonade and Grandpa's Breakfast whatever. I was super stoked, especially since I was starving, but there is something about the presentation that leaves something to be desired. Translate - Huge plate, small serving. Which I don't mind considering the price, but make it look good?Anyways it was good. And our waitress had some sass for my friends that needed a "lesson" that morning, haha.
5	I don't normally review "chains" and this is technically a chain however, there are none of these in California.  Let's see, here's a story, a few years ago I became enamored with this place called Cracker Barrel.  I had heard so much about it and I love anything Southern so it was my goal to go to one of these for several years. I had been in Florida, Texas and AZ before all states that have a CB but unfortunately never got the opportunity to go to one.  So when I found out I'd be coming to Arizona this past weekend, the first thing I did was look up to see where the nearest Cracker Barrel was going to be. Lucky for me there was one very close to where we were staying so I told my friend that we HAD to go eat there at some point in the weekend.That point was this past Sunday for breakfast.  I was a bit nervous because I had hyped CB for so many years that I hoped it lived up to it.  My friend even made fun of me when I told her she was helping to make one of my "dreams come true" (a little over dramatic yes but whatever).  Well I can safely say that once we were done with our meal she bit her tongue on what she said to me and she bit it hard.We were seated pretty quickly for a Sunday morning, our server was very nice and he won extra points with us because he showed us his wallet which was an old California Angels wallet (we were in AZ because of Spring Training).  Everything on the menu looked so good but I finally settled on the French Toast Breakfast w/blackberry topping (it came with eggs and bacon as well).  My friend couldn't decide what she wanted but she knew she wanted have the hashbrown casserole.  Our waiter recommended something that was off the menu for her and it was perfect 3 pancakes, hashbrown casserole, bacon and sausage.When our food came out our eyes just lit up.  My french toast was AMAZING.  The tartness from the blackberry just made the combination so so good. The bacon was also very crispy just the way I like it.  The showstopper though had to be the hashbrown casserole.  My friend had me try it and it was seriously unlike anything I had ever tasted before.  We're trying to recreate this ourselves.  The bill wasn't bad at all for the amount of food you got (it was under $8 per plate) definitely worth it. Like I said it definitely lived up to my own hype.With that said: Dear Cracker Barrel, please franchise to southern California please please pretty please!! Luckily for us we are going back to AZ at the end of the month and we have already decided we are stopping here again!
4	Probably out of all the places we ate at on vay-cay this was probably one of my favorite destinations. Right as we pull up the restaurant had a real vintage feel and life to it. Alongside the metal advertising signs and bottled soda in the general store it also contained a genuine wooden porch, complete with big wooden planks, rocking chairs, and cracker barrel's (obviously) We put our name's on the list and proceeded to take a look around their store, it was a really interesting range of merchandise from all american apparel (trust me I felt really patriotic there), to toys for the kids, and ASU apparel for the college kids. We sat down and took a look at the menu, everyone in my group kept telling me how great their Chicken & Dumplings were but I figured everyone was gonna order it so I could always try it from their plates. I decided to go with the Chicken-Fried Steak  (which came with 3 sides holy crap), sided with: Mashed w/ Brown Gravy, Mac'n'cheese, and Steak Fries. When the food came out I noticed my Chicken-Fried Steak was about 60% of the plate.....like disgustingly huge. The sides were a little on the slim side but then again I had 3 of em. A side of cornbread and biscuits & gravy were also provided for us. The steak was a little overdone in my opinion, don't get me wrong it had great flavor but it was a little too crispy for my taste. The mashed w/ brown gravy was tasty. The mac was pretty solid, but the steak fries were bland......had to use quite a bit of ketchup for those.However the biscuits were super delicious, really fresh and puffy on the inside with a slight hardened outside, dunked with the white sausage gravy and life was good :) I also had a bite of my buddies Chicken & Dumplings which honestly tasted really close to a home made casserole and the chicken was a bit dry, guess I'm glad I didn't order it :) I guess I missed out on their breakfast menu so I'm definitely going to have to try out their breakfast next time I'm in town
2	What a soul-crushing experience is Cracker Barrel. There is no more miserable experience than eating breakfast at this dump.Still, Brak and I go here with Bob the Programmer for breakfast after a round of golf because it's close to the course. There really isn't any other reason to visit.On our last visit, we had a horrible time getting the attention of our waiter. Our drink glasses were bone dry, and we couldn't flag anyone down to fill them. We did catch the attention of the 3 year old at the next table, which is the last thing I want -- I prefer my peace. As is typical at Cracker Barrel, every meal was served on about three plates, so we quickly ran out of table space and had to navigate and consolidate in order to maneuver.On our previous visit, our waitress stank. Not a working-so-hard-that-she's-getting-a-little-sweaty stink, but a I-can't-believe-she-hasn't-been-fired stench. Every time she approached our table, we held our breath and talked about leaving. Seriously appalling. (Note that we did come back -- I don't know why either.)The food is mediocre at best. Everything is bland and white, though I discovered that a nice yogurt and fruit parfait. I can't even imagine what anyone would order for lunch or dinner.I don't have much to say that's good about Cracker Barrel, but I'll try. It has a big parking lot. There are at least 20 paths from the restaurant to do front door, so if you can get past the hostess station, you can always navigate around the gummers and the kids. It is also highly air conditioned, which feels divine after a round of golf when it's 106 in the shade....that'll boil your brain a bit and make Cracker Barrel seem like a good idea.
1	J and I wanted to take my grandparents out to dinner Saturday night, as a thanks for all they have done to help us with the wedding planning. I give J the task on figuring out where to go, and he suggests Logan's or Cracker Barrel. I think, OOH there's a Famous Dave's there and Papa LOVES bbq. So, I throw that idea out there as well. But since the g-rents also like "southern home cookin", we went to Cracker Barrel. We arrive to find no host at the station and end up standing around for about 5 minutes with no one in sight. Finally, what looks like a manager, comes by and says....Someone will be with you shortly. Wow, really? Finally, the host arrives to his station, and we are escorted to a table. We wait for our server to come by the table. 10 minutes or so and still no server. Finally another server stops and asks us if we've been helped. J replies firmly, "No, we have not!" The server asks us for our drink order and comes back a few minutes later with our beverages. He says that "our server" was complaining about another table, or was complaining about another table complaining, so he was going to take our table. Okay, cool cause we're hungry. J orders the Meatloaf. I get the Chicken Fried Chicken with the gravy on the side. Grams orders the Grilled Chicken Tenders Dinner. And Papa orders the BBQ sandwich. We distract ourselves for the moment with that puzzle game while we wait for our biscuits and cornbread, which finally arrived with our meal. Grams dinner - She said everything tasted fine. Papa's dinner - His bbq sandwich was according to him (he does NOT hold back when it comes to his opinions, especially food) dry, stringy, tough, and under seasoned. I asked our server for a side of bbq sauce so he could eat. My dinner - The only thing decent was the Okra and the Apples. The Mac and Cheese had what looked like black plastic in it. After I got done picking it out and putting it on the side of my plate, it looked to be about 1/3 c of the black crap. I told J, "What the hell is this!?" J's dinner - The meatloaf was bone dry. The mashed potatoes and gravy were cold. Literally, the gravy was congealed. J was fed up, and he got up to seek out a manager. The manager came back and was combative with him. He said, the black stuff was cheese. REALLY?! Since when is cheese the consistency of melted plastic and black in color?! He offered to have our meals replaced. A few minutes later, our dinners come out. J says that it looks much better. I pick through the Mac and Cheese and find no black crap. Alright!! Let's chow! Not even 30seconds later, J's sitting there staring at his mashed potato loaded fork in front of his face. I look over and immediately start laughing. Its a HAIR! You've got to be kidding! The server comes by a few seconds later and says, "How's everything..." and stops mid sentence. He sees J staring at something on the fork. "Oh no, that's not good" our server says. He goes off to get the manager. I cant stop laughing. I cut into my chicken, and without looking take a bite. Hmmm, something was off. I look down and yeah, that's not chicken fried chicken. Its chicken fried steak, which I LOATHE. I just think tenderized meat tastes like its already been chewed. The manager comes by and apologizes for everything and says our dinner's are free (including my grandparents). You're Dayumn'ed right they better be free!! We do leave our server a tip, since the quality of our dinner was not in anyway his fault. Papa, without missing a beat says, "Well Lorraine, you want to come back and try breakfast here tomorrow?" Grams says, "Yeah, I don't think so." In a nutshell, we shoulda gone to Famous Daves.
4	This place starts out as sort of an old fashioned general store/gift shop, & you wend your way through to a doorway leading to a fairly large restaurant with wooden chairs & all sorts of "old junk"...  pictures, guitars, skillets & so on hanging on the walls.  It's different & interesting, although the more conventional booth seating at a comparable place such as Black Bear is more comfortable.Things were fairly busy here on this Tuesday at about 11:30 AM, but I landed a reasonably comfortable little cove with a table & chairs to enjoy my lunch.Lots of things on the menu looked good, & I settled in on a 1/2 lb. Bacon Cheeseburger for this first visit.  It came with a little cup of Cole Slaw & a brim full cup of piping hot Vegetable Beef Soup.  Now, let's get to the extremes.My burger was cooked just right, & it was SPECTACULAR!  It was my new favorite burger ever, ever...  even surpassing such greats as Five Guys, Smashburger, & Bobby-Q.  The Cole Slaw & soup were terrific, too!  The prices are very reasonable as well.  All this was only $8.49, & there were other lunches on the menu for even a couple dollars less!  (Then why only 4-Stars, you ask?)The service was pretty awful!  Although my server was nice enough, I had to ask her twice for some extra napkins, twice for a glass of water, once for some ketchup (that I shouldn't have had to ask for with this order), & she brought me a drink I didn't order.  Then at the end, there was the drink I didn't order on my check, so I had to look for her for a while to have her fix that.  Also, she never refilled my water until I was about to get up to leave!  This is 1-Star service, people!Friend Matt S. was so right about this place in his review!  I just can't get myself to give it fewer than 4-Stars because the food was so special.  I'll try the one in Ahwatukee next time & see how it goes over there.     :-))
3	Cafeteria style food.  The best way to describe the food is old fashion versus rustic or homestyle.  I imagine they just go into the kitchen and scoop the food from a buffet line.  That being said, not amazing quality food but it was decent.  The roast beef was tender and fairly tasty.  My sides were carrots (over cooked), mashed potatoes w/ gravy (lukewarm), and mac n cheese (best item on the plate).  It was perfectly cheesy and gooey without being mushy.I was not a fan of walking through the gift shop to get to the restaurant and then again walking into the gift shop to pay.  There are too many temptations (candy galore) while waiting in line.
4	I am not endorsing the entire chain with this review, but rather this store in particular.  Yelpers, this may be the best Cracker Barrel in Christendom.  I know, a lot of Yelpers out there are too hip for a chain as frumpy and junk filled as the CB - but I gotta tell you get past the giftshop and the TJ Mcgillicuddy like wall flare and there is something to latch onto here... the food is actually very good... assuming you stick to my golden rule of "The Barrel":  Stick to "country food" - that is, don't mess around with salads, baked fish, and the like.  The more country it sounds, the higher your chances of success. Highlights: Hashbrown CasseroleTurnip Greens BreakfastCountry fried chicken (Sunday's only)
4	I really like the Cracker Barrel for breakfast, mainly because it holds a lot of people so there's never a really long wait and it's cheap. Like dirt cheap. You cannot go out to breakfast for less except maybe at the waffle house. This place is far superior to the waffle house. I haven't been here for any other meal, but the breakfast is good. It is a chain, but when you don' want to spend a lot, it's a good option. Also, they have eggs in a basket... I loved that as a kid! props to that.
4	I was hoping to get something close to homemade and this place yelled out my  name.  Actually my friend and I were going to go somewhere else but then I passed cracker barrel, made a phone call, and poof we changed our minds.  I just thoroughly enjoyed the sweet tea.  There is nothing like good old sweet tea on a summer afternoon-well I guess it was a cold winter's night in Arizona so whatever.  I ordered the beef noodle soup which was so good.  I am actually not feeling to well today and have thought about going to get me some soup:)  HHHHMMMMM!!!!!!  I then ordered the pork chop, it was a little dry but not bad enough not to eat it and had the baked apples and corn.  It was such a simple meal but very good.  Our waiter was Sam who was spot-on and so courteous and friendly and efficient-great!  I would certainly request him on my next visit!!!
2	How people can love this restaurant is beyond me. I've been to multiple locations and they were all disappointing. The only reason it gets two stars instead of one is because I thought their breakfast was OK.Every time I go here I am unimpressed. My food comes out cold, overcooked and overall very bland. The only good thing are the biscuits you get to munch on beforehand. Even the cornbread tastes bland. I didn't think that was possible!Boring and bland. I'd rather spend my money on The Waffle House.
3	A chain that touts itself as serving old-style, down-home country food.  When you step onto the restaurant's "porch" and see a whole row of new wooden rocking chairs,"gently used" rockers, and a rocking chair wind chime, all laid out as if they were cars at a car dealership, they mean business with their down-home country atmosphere!  The food itself, just OK.  We went with a friend who used to be in the service industry who said that after inspecting the meals we got, most of the items here were mass-produced, and either came from a can or were previously frozen and shipped here.  I tried the breakfast combo that came with eggs, turkey sausage, grits, and hash brown casserole.  They were all decent, not exceedingly superb, but not bad.  The gravy on the biscuits was pretty bland though. As for drinks, the peach sweet tea here is nice, it's not overly sweet, and is actually made with Splenda, while the coffee, just OK, nothing to write home about.
5	I love Cracker Barrel!  It's my favorite chain restaurant and I stop in as often as I can. They give you hearty helpings of fantastic comfort food, have a great homey atmosphere and a cute store with all kinds of seasonal and novelty items. Their lunch and dinner meals are my favorite but breakfast is good too.
1	Sunday July 24th 2011 was the first time I have had the chance to dine at Cracker Barrel. Things started out well and my wife and I were seated promptly in a quiet location that suited us.  We were approached by a waitress by the name of Marva T. Emp# 1297049. She was trying to be what I thought overly friendly but as it turned out she was very inept and may have been under the influence. She would not make eye contact with me as she handed the menu's to us.(which is fine with me) but what was odd was that she wanted to stay and chat with us with languorous meaningless conversation.  She took our order then I was amazed that she brought a tray within a five minutes to our table. She proceeded to place the food in front of us and I noticed I had  sides that were not mine but what my wife had order.  Marva apologized and went to retrieve another plate when my wife discovered she had something she did not order. When Marva returned we told her that we had the wrong dinners.  Then she picked up two of the plates and went to the kitchen. Just then a waiter comes to us with a tray that had our order on it.  I explained that Marva had made a mistake and he then rudely asked if I had eaten some of the dinner that Marva had taken back. When Marva retruned she was apologetic. But then she said "well with all that has gone on I think I should know you people and should just sit with you and visit"  Believe me it was the last thing my wife and I wanted was to have this inept rambling .waitress sit with us.  We finished our dinner and Marva brought our check she asked us if we wanted a refill of ice tea.. It would have been nice to have had it with our meal when we finally got what we ordered.  I was going to complain to the manager but when I went to the register he was busy bawling out the girl at the register.  This was my first and my last time I will set foot in this establishment.
1	my father and I went there for breakfast.  The place was empty except for two tables.  My dad ordered his regular oatmeal with two corn muffins.  how can you go wrong with oatmeal, well instead of serving milk with the oatmeal they served those little tiny containers of half and half the ones which go with the coffee.  I ordered the multi-grain pancakes which came out under cooked and pasty, sent them back.  The next order or multi-grain pancakes came out way over cooked and dry like card board, sent them back. Then the manager came out and said all the multi-grain and wheat pancakes are always dry, I said they should put that on the menu - multi-grain pancakes always dry.  Then I tried the blueberry pancakes, well it must not have been a pancake day as the blueberry pancakes tasted funny, all the blueberries were right in the middle of the pancakes and they too were dry and pasty.  The server was not much help saying things which contradicted the manager.  Can't anyone get an honest answer when they ask questions about the food.
4	I love Cracker Barrel.  Having first experienced it 12 yrs ago in the South, I was pleased to find one in nearby Mesa.  Some of my favorite dishes:Sunrise Sampler (Eggs, Bacon, Hash Browns, Grits, Apple, Biscuits & Gravy)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=Mjsj2CZ2GgLwp8FHZWuVqQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=DTLjwZ6D_A1_F3rHNIStiQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=k4mCERWR9ePXHvKXtkCo3gWhole Grain Pancakes w/Bacon & Eggshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=xyRLO-ivSRUBbKDSjV9KOAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=PsJOSxXEte8MYW63yhpxjwPeach Teahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=aQUTQPAKPlVpYmOajJrxnAThis location is just as good as the ones I remember in the South.  The country store is also very cool and full of goodies.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=pgRb_mM_ZcvoKEMgoc69fwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=Ix6MVNHBlBgT9qh-JtmJjwOverall, one of my favorite breakfast joints.Return Factor - 100%
3	Likely your best bet for breakfast in this general area for now - which means there is an opportunity here for a locally owned breakfast spot. Lots of small inexpensive spaces for lease in the plaza right next door.
4	Cracker Barrel is an old time favorite of ours. Love the genuine hospitality and the charm and character of the place.Mac and Cheese along with the hash brown casserole are amazing!Loved the Dumplings!Sweet Tea is the best - especially since you can't get sweet tea here.
3	It's Cracker Barrel but the one off of Dobson and the 202 has a server, Reggie, that is awesome!!  He loves his job and he is a foodie!  Great job!
1	This particular Cracker Barrel in Mesa is where I have had the worst dining experience of my life. My sister and fiance are both servers and they were with me this day as well as a couple other friends. We were seated right away in an empty back section of the restaurant. I go to the bathroom and come back and my party is gone? Our table was moved because oops! No one's working that section of the restaurant. It took over 20 minutes just to get our drink order taken. We had a couple people stop by and say, someone will be right with you, someone will be right with you. We finally had another server stop by and start to take our drink order. People who had arrived after us were getting their drinks and salads already. Since we'd been waiting forever at this point someone said can we just go ahead and order while we're at it? And started placing their order. By the time the waitress got around to the last person (my sister) she was very impatient. Since my sister had some questions about the menu she started asking some polite questions (What comes with this dish? Can I sub this for that?) The waitress literally said "Could you please hurry up? I have other tables to wait on." My sister sat there with her mouth open, flabbergasted that someone would be that rude to her especially since we were getting crappy service already. By the time the rude waitress (I think her name was Bobby?) finally got our order in and it came out (forever later, no refills on drinks) my order of 1/2 lb. hamburger was wrong and I got a hamburger steak? I think they just took it to the back and put a bun on it but I don't care, I was hungry. My fiance finally gets up to get a manager to explain the extremely lousy and rude service we received and we ended up getting the entire 5 meals comp'd. I don't think we saw our "actual" server the entire time we were there. The oddest thing about this whole thing is that the restaurant wasn't even busy. They had sections closed off. Our waitress had only 5 tables or so seated during the time we were there.  We ended up tipping the hostess a couple bucks because she was the only person who competently (not that there's much competition here) did her job. Too long, didn't read version: If you go to this Cracker Barrel make sure you get a good server and if it starts to take more than 10 minutes to get your drink order taken, you should consider leaving before you even start. I recommend Logan's Roadhouse.
4	Walked in was seated right away. Ordered 3 eggs over easy, bacon, hash brows and toast. The food came out fast and hot and everything was cooked perfect. The price was average at around $9.00. This place has solid food and I enjoy going there.
4	Just found out today they have poached eggs. The food is soo good for the money. Surprisingly, I asked the waiter if they served Voss water and he said no.
5	3 hours after breakfast, i'm still paralyzed in bed and too lazy to get up and check what those things we bought were. Not sure, what they're called, but it's like a candy cane basically, a thin stick I think? We bought 8 of those for $1 after our meal, it was supposed to be 20 cents each. But anyways, you get there, and there are a bunch of rocking chairs for you to sit on and play a game of giant checkers, and you can even buy a rocking chair if you'd like.You get in and, like other reviews, it really is like a gift shop, and then you walk into the back which is a HUGE and clean restaurant that has a great atmosphere and seats plenty. We immediately got our table for two and I ordered the Country Fried Steak Breakfast platter that also came with 2 eggs cooked by my choice, 2 biscuits with gravy, grit (which was sort of plain, but I threw some gravy in to try to make it better, it was my first time trying grit), and hash brown casserole. ALL THAT FOR $7.99!? What the hell, I've never seen a price that great for that much food. My brother got something similar and then ordered a side of sausage patties, which went perfect with my biscuits. I got my order and the first thing I did was make a sausage mcmuffin, the country fried steak was good and so was the casserole, though it coulda been hotter and crispier, but it was still great.Great food, great price, great service. I won't be eating for another 5 hours probably. Food Coma time, goodnight!
4	Once again I must admit this has to be one of the best Cracker Barrels around. Our waiter was awesome and not bad looking either ;)Food was hot and quick! As you may already know it's GOOD too!
3	How do I review Cracker Barrel?  Not sure what to say except the few times I've been here it's been a really good experience.I love the old country feel to the place, with the rocking chairs out front, gift store in the front, and the decor once you get seated in the restaurant.  Service here has always been great, and our server on Saturday morning was funny, outgoing and made the experience worth while.I went with the French toast as did my friend who joined me.  I went with coffee, and he stuck with water.  I love dining here, but I feel like everything on the menu is smothered in heart clogging pork gravy, and sometimes I find it hard to order since I don't eat pork.  Trying to get something without it seems impossible.  Yes, I can get substitutions, but what a huge pain it can be sometimes. I scour the menu for something that doesn't come with at least 3 variations of pork in the meal itself.Overall, its a great place to grab a hearty breakfast, and I should try to come here more often.  Place is packed on weekend mornings, so if you want to beat the crowds, get here early!
2	I went there on Thanksgiving with a singles group. Nice atmosphere and an excellent server, but the meal was nasty. I wasn't even going to touch the yams! Apple pie was crusty and hard..no desire to finish it. We really enjoyed the rocking chairs though!
5	I have only eaten at Cracker Barrel once before, but this was just as I remember it - amazing! I was unclear on what I wanted I guess & the waitress didn't see me point to what I wanted, so there was a mixup. But she promptly fixed my order so I could try the most delicious whole grain oatmal pancakes. Great service, delish food, and they have such a great shop - I wish I could buy everything.
3	Food's good, homestyle comfort food, nothing fancy-just how I like it. Nice waitresses, food came quick considering how busy it was and was reasonably pricedOne thing I really don't like is how I have to walk clear through the entire gift shop to get to the food. I get it, I get it, you want me to by your crap and nik naks...but really I find it off-putting when you force a retail experience on me, and it actually works against you when you try and crowd me into buying something.I'd go back. Wouldn't go out of my way though.
4	Visited 5/8/12...What can I say, its Cracker Barrel.  Have been there many times.  Never reviewed before now.  Don't know why. Southern food.  Had country fried steak, mashed potatoes, fried oakra.  It all tasted very good.  Went in for dinner.  But found myself very tempted when I was given a Breakfast Anytime menu.  Not too many places that I would try the breakfast menu in the evening, but this might be a place I will have to remember for breakfast in the evening fix.
4	The Best hash brown casserole ever! My daughter loved the apples and sweet yogurt. The Staff was super friendly. going back this week
1	My social group, Fred's Playland traveled to the Mesa area to tube on the Salt river. We chose the Cracker Barrel for breakfast but never got the chance to sample the food. I made a reservation for a bus load of 42 people with Michael the manager. This reservation was made 3 weeks before our trip. Reservation was confirmed 3 days before our trip, and re-confirmed the day before our visit. I called with a 30 minute heads up and was told they had no room for us and we would have to get in line with our 42 people and wait for available tables. I asked for the manager and was put on forget not once but three times.Finally I went to plan B and called Golden Coral. They were more than happy to make space for our group and even gave us our own dining area and servers. I give a big thumbs down to Cracker Barrel. This type of custoomeer service is totally unacceptable. It would have been just as easy to say they didn't want our business to begin with. They not only disapointed a customer, they disapointed 42 in one shot. Lack of customer service only ends up with lack of customers.
4	Yes!  I finally got to try a Cracker Barrel!  When I first entered the store, I already knew this was my kinda place.  Touristy and homey at the same time.  I love browsing through gift shops and boutiques when I'm out of town.  As for the restaurant part of it, I knew nothing could be worse than what I had the day before at the Original Pancake House (unless we went to Denny's), so I was looking forward to a REAL breakfast.  I was not disappointed!I had the chicken fried steak, eggs, biscuits and gravy, and hashbrown casserole.  Everything was delicious and about $8-$9/plate.  Lots of good food for under $10!  Service was extremely enjoyable, attentive, and friendly.  Loved the whole country atmosphere of the place.  We sat in their famous rocking chairs at a checkerboard table and played a game while we waited for our food.  California needs a Cracker Barrel!
3	This is a great place to go for breakfast the morning after a crazy night. Service here was good but place was very crowded and food took a little longer than I wanted to wait for.
4	Oh Cracker Barrel, where have you been in my life? I tried this place for the first time last week and enjoyed everything I ate. The place reminds me of a home in the country. Our waitress was a total doll and one of the cutest old ladies I've ever met. The plates are large and affordable and of course delicious. I had the spicy grilled catfish with green beans, mac & cheese, and mashed potatoes and my friend had the country fried steak and eggs. It's home cooking at it's finest. They also have a cute little store up front with nick knacks and old school candy. I don't know what kept me from trying this place sooner, but I'll most definitely be back.
5	We come here EVERY Thanksgiving. You cannot beat the meal you get for LESS than $10! Includes beverage!
5	This has to be my favorite breakfast spot.  I love the crunchy edges of their pancakes.  Even when they are packed, the food quality is consistent.    I am a happy girl.
4	This is where we go to get our chicken and dumplings. Although we can make them at home, it's quicker and easier to come here. Once a year, we come here for a mega breakfast. Large fluffy pancakes with crispy edges, maple syrup, eggs, bacon, sausage, biscuits with gravy, fried apples, and hash brown casserole.
4	Was with my besty and she said lets grab lunch, my treat and you don't have to put out, I said girl I am their!! Haha but no really that's how the conversation went down.She loves Cracker Barrel and I hadn't been in a while so I was excited to go!  We had gone to a movie 1st before we ate so by the time we got there we were starving. We made our way up to the hostess and I guess she could tell we were starving and ushered us to our seats quickly. Then we were greeted by our server Mathew, who ladies he is quite the cutie, some small talk went down and movies were discussed told why yes I have seen The Hobbit, it was all the buzz. He got a gleam in his eye and he started riddling me this and riddling me that and then left to get the drinks we ordered. While he was gone I got a.d.d and forget he had just riddled me. He brought the drinks back and was expecting an answer, but I had to confess I already forgot what the exact riddle was.  Yes, that's really how it happened, then Mathew said oh ladies this really isn't my table, my friend Brandon will be here to be taking over .So Brandon appeared and took our order, the country lovin girl inside me wanted something smothered in gravy and I saw they had Chicken Fried Chicken with gravy! And I paired it up with a sweet potato, mac & cheese and hash brown casserole. I have to say I really dug the sweet potato, it was perfect, the mac & cheese was delsih and couldn't get enough of the hash brown casserole, but what made me a little sad was there was barley any gravy smothering my chicken fried chicken, but man that chicken was good!I quickly got over being saddened by the missing gravy and ordered me a double chocolate fudge coca cola cake,,,,oooooooommmmmmmmmmgggggggggggggg that cake is sooooo gooooooddddd!!!! I have to say for country home-style cooking and lil country store Cracker Barrel is the place to be!
4	I absolutely adore Cracker Barrel, the food the store, the atomosphere! I took my son for a Mom & Son time, no complaints from him it's one of his favorites as well! It takes alot of food to fill my son's stomach but he had the pancake breakfast and finished every crumb, said he couldn't eat another bite. Brionna was our server, we never had to ask for anything, except for the yummy apple butter given upon request. My boy had never tried it, imagine that! He'll remember to ask for it now, loved it! I had the meatloaf sandwich, so good and cooked to perfection! Of course made a pit stop in the shop and picked up the cutest coffee cup at a great bargain! The perfect way to spend a day! Great food and great company!
3	I have reviewed other cracker barrels' before & I sweared I will never be back again, but had to go since she had a gift card lol. After thinkin for hours and hours I finally decided to go with the veggie platter again with 4 vegetarian sides. I got Mac & cheese ofc, broccoli cheese casserole ( daily special ), poached egges and wait for it, hush puppies! (Check pic) Yes I made them get me hash puppies! Oh and I made it clear to the waitress 10 times to make sure there's no meat in any of my food today. (Check my review for other Cracker Barrel where they sprinkle bacon in everything despite my requests)The broccoli casserole tasted more like broccoli & cheese and less like a casserole. Hush puppies were bland and over fried. We had an excellent waitress though for a change. Hopefully I can try something else next time, oh wait they don't have anything else that I can try! Compared to places like lo-los for example, I feel like cracker barrels meatless sides aren't good enough
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! Great food, friendly service, and a awesome atmosphere. I usually get the chicken and dumplings platter with mac n' cheese, hashbrown casserole, and fried apples. Always delicious!!! Haven't really tried much else here (i'm a creature of habit) but I'm sure it's good. Love the country store as well.
5	This is my 2nd visit to this location. It is fast becoming a favorite.We had the same server both times just by coincidence, Myranda.She is awesome and sweet.The servers here work really hard, they are always busy here. We were lucky enough to get the table in front of the fireplace,which was on. It made my night because, it was cold and rainy outside and we were cozy warm by the fire. Happiness!!Anyway, the food was so good, and so much we had to take some home.I had the Thursday night meal, Turkey with dressing.The Turkey is real, not the processed and pressed kind. I ordered for my sides mashed potatoes and cooked apples. Myranda even brought me extra gravy on the side which was so good.We always like to take a little something home for the dog. So I poured the left over gravy on what I was taking home for her. It had celery and real chunks of turkey in it.She as well loved it!!The cooked apples were like dessert. Sweet but, not overly. Mario got the beef stew dinner. He said it was awesome but, he wished it was more. Because, he liked it so much.Cornbread muffins on the side! Delish!! To think I never would of known about this place unless a friend wanted to meet here for breakfast about a month ago.I do totally love the little shop in the front as well. It is really cute!
4	If you love old fashioned country food, this is your place! This is the food of the south, it's all yummy comfort food!
5	Apple butter spread on fresh baked biscuits, fried apples, hashbrown casserole, thick sliced bacon, eggs cooked to order & individual sized syrup for fluffy pancakes; these are a few of my favorite things! And if that weren't enough, although it is chain, it always feels warm & homie, the price is right, they are super friendly and accommodating & there's always adorable things I MUST have in their country store :)I'm not sure if that last one is a good thing, lol!
4	This is the second Cracker Barrel I've been to, and it's pretty good. I love how cheap it is and how much food you get.They do not have many choices in the healthy department, just things like fruit subs and egg whites, but what they lack there they sure do make up for in their flavors.I got a pancake combo with hashbrown casserole and over easy eggs. The pancakes were huge, and kinda had a burnt taste to them, but the casserole was sooo good! It's cheese and potatoes and onions and all sorts of yummy stuff, save for meat, rolled onto your plate in a gooey ball.My boyfriend got a pancake combo too with turkey and eggs as well and devoured the whole thing.We came at a very busy time (my guess in after Sunday morning mass) but were seated very fast and out of there within an hour.
4	Love this place! Great menu, and down home atmosphere!
3	Oh, how the mighty have fallen,,, or at least they have at this location :(We're going to do this by Pluses & Deltas(pluses)Friendly in person interactions with staff(deltas)Horrible phone service: hung up on me 2x: I called to let them know I had a large group heading over (as it says you should do on the website AND as I've done in the past). The person who answered the phone kept telling me I needed to talk to someone else. Maybe she didn't know how to transfer calls, because that was the last I'd hear. I won't be calling anymore. S.L.O.W. service: The place was almost empty, we were seated promptly & then waited 10 minutes for someone to come out and ask us what we'd like to drink & tell us our waitress would be with us momentarily. 20 minutes in our waitress finally came over to take our order & that was only because I grabbed someone who walked by and asked that they give her a message from me that we were ready to order.... this was all just to put in our order, we'd been seated for well OVER 30 minutes before our food came out (2 eggs over easy, toast & oatmeal)... maybe they were chasing the tiny chickens around to get our eggs? My coworker ordered oatmeal (not hard) & they forgot to put in the only thing that came in the oatmeal, the nuts. NUTS. Tiny eggs (maybe the chickens are getting smaller?).All in all, just a disappointing experience.
4	I've only had one bad time at Cracker Barrel out of the hundreds of times I've been there, for breakfast/lunch or dinner. Even the day my friend and I dealt with the awful experience, they rectified it promptly.  I will always be a loyal Cracker Barrel patron :) They have a great amount of options, the price is great, and typically fast service at this and other locations.
4	The service was really good.  They have a huge menu but realistically a lot of it is redundant, just different sizes/portions of the same meal.  The food was really good, and they do offer a low carb menu if you want a lighter option.  I love the little country store, too.
5	This is about the 10th time we have been here. So I cannot believe that I have never written  a review, so time's a wasting.Every time we have ever come here it has been really good. For starters Hot Tea and Ice Tea are only $1.99. That is a good price. Every where else we have gone lately it has been $3.00 or more.The food is really good!  Every single time. We ordered dinner and it was pretty busy being Friday night.Every thing was good and came out very fast. Steak was cooked perfecty and The Rainbow Trout was really good, it even still has the skin on it. So it was really moist.Prices are super great here and service is always good. The food is a lot , and it tastes great!We really like the little store in front as well. They already had the Halloween stuff out for sale. Halloween is only 3 months away.
5	Fred's Playland gives them two thumbs up. Great overall experience. Especially considering we brought them a bus load. That can be extremely challenging. The service was impeccable, The food was served quickly and it was delicious. I especially enjoyed the new Salmon Patties. They got us in and out and we were happy, full and on time. We look forward to visiting again next year on our annual Salt River Trip.Last year we had a less than grand experience at The Cracker Barrel. They totally redeemed themselves on this visitGood Job Cracker Barrel!
1	The waitress MARIA ROSANNA was horrible come on now? She act like she don't care about her job and I don't recommend her to anybody. MARIA ROSANNA find a different job because you SUCK
4	Great place for homestyle hearty food.  Excellent service and our meals were delivered as ordered.  Our waitress, Leah, was attentive and checked on us frequently. Ordered chicken fried chicken,  biscuits and gravy and open faced roadt beef sandwich.  Definitely will come again.
3	The image of CB is awesome, and it works in the sense that they get the church crowd, and since it seems old fashion - people think the food is healthier. But that's from a business perspective. Personally I find it strange that it works, but it does. I am not a big fan och CR, but I do have to eat here some and the service has always been OK. Sometimes stellar, but that is not my average impression - to float between OK and stellar, is a good average still. The food is also average. And from a health perspective it is basically same as fast food. They cheat to cut costs like everyone else in the dirty restaurant business. However, if I found a place that was like a CR out in the wild west, but wasn't a franchise - I would have loved it. Absolutely nothing to write about in your diary. But I have no real complaints either. Middle of the road experience on all accounts. Still impressed that the image fools those who wants to believe that is it something its not. I want to too, but I cant fool myself that way.
3	I enjoy their home style cooking foods (even though their high cholesterol and not really healthy), but I completely disagree with their stance on gay rights. They're homophobic and have a huge sign when you go in that they support family values, etc.... but gay rights is clearly missing. Now, believe me, when I go there I go for the food. I have friends I'd be embarrassed to tell I have been there recently. My 8 year old was with her mother for Thanksgiving this year so I wanted to take her to brunch before I had to drop her off. Cracker Barrel was one of the only tasty places open. Wow, Thanksgiving morning at Cracker Barrel is a beast. They have this turkey deal that all the people wanted, but we just wanted breakfast. We waited an hour for a table and the Smokehouse Breakfast could've been smokier.
4	You can't go wrong with a little Cracker Barrel. I got the chicken fried steak and it was great. My friend had the pecan pancakes and I don't really like pecans.. But they were tasty!
4	I like Cracker Barrel. Well...at least this one. I've never been to any other location. No, the food isn't great (at least the lunch/dinner options), but it's not bad. It's been awhile since I've been here for breakfast, but if I recall that stuff is actually quite good (and cheap).My dad freakin' LOVES this place. We came here for his birthday dinner recently so that's what I'm basing this review on. I got fried chicken and it came with two sides. The fried chicken was actually quite good. It was crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside, and nice & hot. Cracker Barrel gives you several different side options w/there meals (like, around 10). I had the hash brown casserole thingy, which is also a side they serve with breakfast meals. It's yummy! Basically, it's cheesy hash browns. I also got turnip greens. They were OK, but not great. They were kind of watery & lukewarm. I get the impression most of the sides at Cracker Barrel are cooked well in advance and just sit around most of the day. I also think turnip greens are most likely an unpopular side, and therefore probably sit around longer, without a fresh batch getting made.  I also had some lemonade to drink. It's basically liquid diabetes, which also means it's delicious! This place is ALWAYS packed (on the weekends anyway). This was the first time I've been here since moving back to AZ in June, but it's not for lack of trying. I've tried to stop in w/my parents a few times over the past few months, but the wait was ridiculous (this past time we waited 20 minutes for a table, which really wasn't all that bad). Cracker Barrel has a gift shop set up as you wait where they sell overpriced country/southern novelties.Service was fine & the food here is VERY affordable. I probably wouldn't choose this place, but I don't mind coming here at all w/my dad who like I said, LOVES this place.
3	Food is alright. Had the mac and cheese and country green beans. The biscuits were good. Sis was insistent on trying it and since we were crunched on time we took it to-go. Took a while for the take out and prices are pretty high for the quality.
5	I hadn't been to the Cracker Barrel in a while and tonight we were really craving itWe were seated quickly and our server came to take our drink ordersHe was a nice young man I ordered the Roast Beef and my three sides were Steak Fries, Mac n Cheese, and Pinto BeansThey were all amazing!! Just like I remembered...The roast beef and beans were my favorite but the fries and Mac and cheese were equally yummyOur service was pretty good too even though the restaurant was getting busier as it was nearing dinner time We even got talked into splitting a peach cobbler with ice creamIt was deelish Also, the meal was pretty cheap and that made the visit even more enjoyableGreat food at a good, low cost :)
3	After hearing about Cracker Barrel for so long and not having access to one in CA, my friend and I were extremely happy to have stumbled upon one during our weekend in AZ. We're big fans of the carby Southern Comfort foods so I could've been happy just eating cornbread for days. I ended up ordering the chicken dumplings, mac n cheese, and hash brown casserole. I remember looking down at my plate and thinking that it didn't look too appetizing and I had made a terrible mistake. After eating it, I decided that I hadn't, but nothing was life changing, except the hash brown casserole (this was bomb.com, order it and don't think twice). I was most disappointed in the cornbread because it should be their staple and I feel like I've had better, back at my college dining halls. I had an experienced Cracker Barrel friend tell me that they are known for their breakfast foods more, so if I ever come upon one again, I guess I'll stick with breakfast.So bottom line, this is an average place and you should order the has brown casserole. Definitely good for long road trips because it gives you a nice break, fills you up, and is fairly priced. The little store attached to the restaurant is nice to browse through, and the rocking chairs and checkers boards out front are fun to play with.
4	I have GOT to stop judging places by the fact that they are a chain.  I have never been here on my numerous trips to Mesa and to Riverview Shopping Center because I assumed I wouldn't like it.  But I've been craving Chicken and Dumplings lately and found out they had it so I decided to try them out.  First, the service was cheerful and attentive without hovering.Second, the price was right: $7.99 with two sides, a corn muffin and a biscuit.  The amount of food was about perfect, maybe a bit more than I needed but not quite enough to justify a to go box.If the chicken had been any more tender I wouldn't have been able to discern it from the noodles.  The dumplings were the thick noodle style, not like my mother's which were balls of biscuit dough dropped into boiling broth, but they tasted good so that was ok.The green beans were as good as any my mother made, mushy Indiana style with lots of bacon flavor.  Mmmm.The baked sweet potato was very mushy with a perfectly edible skin.  I ate every bite even though I was expecting it to be the texture of a regular baked potato.  I'm not a big cornbread fan but theirs was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside with good flavor.  I like that they give you one smaller corn muffin and one smaller biscuit for variety.I've lost count of the number of times I've eaten a biscuit that has sat around too long, or the dough has, and it tastes fermented/moldy, like beans or split pea soup that has sat out too long.  This one was super fresh and had great texture and flavor.  So the entire meal was a success! St. Patrick's Day is later in the week so I'll have to come back abd try their Corned Beef and Cabbage Special for $8.99.
3	We tried to stay away from chain restaurants on our recent trip to the Phoenix area, but relented when we saw Cracker Barrel. There are times when I really can't turn down a chicken fried steak and this was one of them.Service was good here. My drink never went dry. The other customers were what I always expect from a Cracker Barrel, no matter what part of the country I go to.Food was good. Nothing wowed me, but everything had good flavor and I ate it all, so I guess that says something. They were really close to the new Cubs Park, so it was a good place to go after the game.
4	Ah, Cracker Barrel, you are so bad for me, but when I see you I must have something slathered in gravy immediately!  Yes, it is more food than any one person should ever eat in one sitting, but it so cheap I feel I must eat it!  This is your standard CB.  Old rustic Americana look and feel.  Home cooking comfort foods on the menu. Cheap prices.  Good Service.  No booze (it takes away from the family atmosphere, apparently). I love their breakfasts and the chicken fried steak/chicken. Plus, meals come with either cornbread or biscuits.  The fried okra and fried apples are two of my favorite sides. Plus, their pies and cobblers are warm delicious gooey goodness. This one is near Cubs Park and the big ole Bass Pro Shop in Mesa. It is great if you are in the mood for comfort food and a lot of it!
4	Will never stop going to Cracker Barrel, always lives up to what I'm expecting. Due to the new stadium by this location the good food word of mouth is catching on and this location is busy as ever!
4	They have really good comfort food at a very comfortable price! On the weekend this place will be slammed and anytime there is a baseball game beware. Even when its busy the service is really good and the food is always amazing. The pancakes are crispy on the edges =) Definitely try hash brown casserole. When I don't want breakfast I cannot resist the chicken and dumplings.
3	This isnt the best place for Southern comfort food but it does offer an experience. Very nostalgic. Nice patriotic decor. The food was alright. Got the fried chicken dinner and thought it was on the dry side. Can't really go wrong with a baked sweet potato. Cheese grits, ok. My cousins country fried steak looked a lil burnt. Dessert was pretty scrumptious. Mmm Blue Bell ice cream :)I enjoyed the gift shop the most! Cute unique things here. You can buy anything from jams, candy, clothes, to rocking chairs and wind chimes! Very random.
3	Unfortunately for Cracker Barrel, I know southern food  way too well.  Therefore, as a first time eater at their restaurant, I can't say that I walked away as a fan.  I had the meatloaf dinner, hubby had roast beef, and our three friends each had the fried catfish.  I do have to say that the total price for five was under $70.  Now, that's something to write home about.
4	My kids love this place with the outdoor checkers and rocking chairs, the country store with nostalgic candy and toys and the amazing pancakes and warm little bottles of syrup.  They are in heaven.  Excellent service on this busy Sunday afternoon. They serve more food than you can possibly eat. .or should eat.
1	Terrible. We arrived over an hour ago. They quoted us an hour. Fine. Whatever. Half an hour into our wait they said only 15 minutes remaining. 50 minutes into our wait they said we were third in line. It's now been 1 hour and 15 minutes. Not seated. Pissed off. They've seated 20 other groups when we were supposedly third in line. No apologizes or explanations. Don't eat here. It's terrible, terrible, terrible customer service and mediocre to poor food at best.
4	Nothing like Cracker Barrel. I haven't been here in a long time and I don't know why. I used to go to Cracker Barrel all the time when I lived in another state, but this is my first time to the one in Mesa.  You walk in through a fabulous old country store with old candies and clothing and all types of glassware's and pottery.  You can spend an hour just looking in the store.  Today I am having breakfast for lunch.  Okay they don't have eggs Benedict which is what I'm addicted to. Today I am going to try the pecan pancakes I'll let you know. OMG they are not skimpy with their pecans in the pancakes and the portion  size is huge.  The wait staff are courteous and very attentive. The facility is clean as in all the ones I've been to. Would I come back here again maybe  this Saturday.
1	Pros: Clean, great service, good prices, and nice country store with neat stuff to look at. Coca Cola Cake!Cons: The food was equivalent to Sizzlers salad bar. Even the cornbread was a little dull. It was somewhat dry and flavorless. I expected fried chicken breasts and got some weird boneless chicken leftovers fried with a side of overly sweet syrup. There was an odd taste to the country friend steak and the gravy on the mashed potatoes. Their mac n cheese and hashbrown casserole weren't bad but definitely bland and store bought. We were pretty let down by the food, but I will say, The Coca Cola chocolate cake was amazing.
4	I love coming here. Very homey and reminds me of my home state of Arkansas. It's like having a home cooked meal. Usually everyone is nice as well.
3	I had never heard of Cracker Barrel before coming to Arizona, as they don't operate in California where I'm from.  This was my fifth visit to one over here, second to this location.THE GOOD NEWS:*  These are charming old-timey style General Stores with a restaurant.*  The menu is extensive and the food is good.*  The prices are very reasonable.Today I ordered a lunch of a garden salad (first please), then a half pound hamburger steak, cheesy hash brown potatoes and corn bread.  ($7.69)= = = = = =THE NOT-SO-GOOD NEWS:Just as during my other visit to this Cracker Barrel a while back, the service was horrible...  absolutely 1-Star!*  It took a long time to be served our orders, even though the restaurant wasn't particularly busy.  It's a good thing we weren't trying to take a regular lunch break from work!  Then when the food DID come, it was brought by someone other than our regular server.  (I had this happen here last time too, as well as twice at Old Spaghetti Factory in Phoenix, and it never turns out good!  Your server should be YOUR SERVER from start to finish!)     :-O*  My salad not only didn't arrive first, as requested, it didn't arrive at all!  I reordered it, and it showed up once I had gone ahead to eat the rest of my order, so I had it for dessert!     :-O*  I was offered a choice of dinner rolls or corn muffins.  I ordered corn muffins and , of course, was brought dinner rolls instead.  They apologized & brought me corn muffins eventually.     :-|*  My dining partner and I asked for separate checks when ordering, but didn't get them.     :-|= = = = = =I really should give this place 2 Stars this time, but considering the atmosphere, menu, food and pricing, plus that our (real) server was a nice enough guy, I'm going to make it a LOW 3 STARS.  They really need to work over their service plan, for sure...  It's DISFUNCTIONAL!     :-O
2	I love Cracker Barrel... Hate poor customer service.Right off the bat I'm already not in the best mood having come home from the hospital at 5am and spent nearly 5 hours there trying to get through over 8 hours of contractions (only to find that there was no chance I was having this baby yet). *sigh* Anyway...in hopes to cheer me up my husband suggests we get some of my fav pancakes at Cracker Barrel (this is a big deal for us since we have been dieting for the last 4 months, plus we even had our trainer's approval for an epic cheat meal). I get to my table and sit down to find that I sat in a pile of watery chocolate milk....gross. I called someone over to complain and there was no "Oh! I'm so sorry that you will be uncomfortable eating the rest of your breakfast with a wet sticky butt because we didn't properly wipe down or check the table and chairs for spill and crumbs. Please let me see what we can do to make up for it" ...all I got was a new chair and measly "oh sorry..." I might be making a big deal out of this but that's gross and annoying! I really don't enjoy trying to eat my only cheat meal while feeling like I peed myself :( Moving on...Food. Pancakes were great as usual. Eggs over easy were done just the way I like. I ordered turkey sausage but didn't get them until I almost finished my meal. Turns out one of the runners forgot who it was for and it sat in the window until someone remembered who it was for. Husband requested hot sauce and ketchup. Only the hot sauce showed up. Also, the butter he was given was grainy. Shannon G was our server. She was very polite and looked genuinely shocked and upset when she found out I  hadn't received my sausage. She offered to refill our apple ciders to make up for it (nice gesture!) but we were already full and ready to get outta there. Shannon, the extra star is because of you. Overall. I was full, but left more annoyed than when I came in, wet butt and all.
4	Once again, I had an enjoyable meal. I really don't understand the bad reviews. I've been to Cracker Barrel many times here and in Arkansas where I'm from, I always had good service and good food.
4	Moving from NY to Las Vegas I have had to accept that some restaurants are jut not available. Cracker Barrel is one of them. When I get lucky enough to have time to drive to this location I take advantage of it!As usual it was busy for a Sunday afternoon but I don;t mind much as I love to walk around the store. They sell old fashioned candies and very old country knick knacks such as various candles, stuffed animals and home decor. Since it is a restaurant they also sell cookbooks that range from 30 minute meals to slow cooker recipes. The patio at the entrance has rocking chairs for sale that patrons who are waiting for a table can use. There are also random board games strewn throughout the property, so you can sit and play a game of chess while you wait to be called. Typically, when we visit Cracker Barrel we go straight for the pancakes but lately I have been obsessed with sourdough bread and they just happen to have sourdough bread french toast!  So delicious, not overly sweet like french toast can be. The bacon was crispy and the hot cocoa was topped with whipped cream. The only complaint I have on the food is the amount of eggs you get if you ask them to be scrambled, it really looks like they scrambled 1 little egg. The prices are very reasonable and the service is always friendly and warm. I recommend stopping in if you happen to be so lucky as to pass by one!
1	I went in hear how amazing this place was, only to puke before I left. I ordered the chicken and dumplings with cole slaw and fried okra. The cole slaw was pretty good, but the okra was soggy! How do you screw up something so easy?! The chicken tasted like they took it straight from a McDonald's trash can! The gravy and dumplings....the slop they tried saying was gravy and dumplings made me puke. I literally almost didn't make it in the toilet. The waitress was horrid. She came by 5 times in less than 2 minutes wanting us to decide what we want. Then disappeared after giving us our food. If I could give negative stars I would. I called the health department, as this is unacceptable.
4	I got here at 4pm today where there wasn't that many people there, which was awesome considering I had a cranky toddler that kept throwing his bottle and crayons.  The food was awesome and my son had the mac and cheese. It wasn't the regular Kraft mac and cheese which I appreciated (if I wanted him to eat that I would have got the box for $1 at the store and made it myself).  Service was great, the only dislike was the okra.. a bit too breaded and was more of a crouton than a breaded vegetable. Will be back again :)
5	What's not to like? It's cracker barrel.
5	I didn't eat here. I just went to the country store to buy a rocking chair but the girls in the shop were really helpful! The store smells like the holidays during this time of year. They have a huge selection of candles! I thought everything in the store was reasonably priced for a gift shop. You can find some pretty neat stuff in here. I will definitely be back to get Christmas decorations and candles.
1	Although I usually like the food and atmosphere at Cracker Barrel, this visit with my wife and daughter did not end well.I had the country fried steak dinner, with greens, Mac and cheese, and okra. The flavor was great, but within an hour after leaving the restaurant, I was hit with some serious food poisoning. Luckily, neither my wife or daughter ended up ill, but I am dealing with the after effects today with severe abdominal pain and most of my day spent in the lavatory.Never again.
4	This place has an old fashioned country cook feel. The gift shop area is great and has a good assortment of items. The food is decent. Some items are hit or miss but a majority of the time it's good. The buttermilk pancakes are tasty. The grits are always cold and gross. We like the lemonade and root beer in a frozen glass. It's a good place for a large crowd because the food is priced well for the portion and a good variety.
5	Been here twice now and have thoroughly enjoyed the experience every time. I've only gone for breakfast.Staff is always nice and accommodating.Here's what I've had and how I feel:Biscuits & Gravy: Delicious.Hashbrown Casserole: Also delicious.Fried Apples: Taste like your typical fried apples, which means it's delicious.Country Fried Steak: Cooked well, crispy, and the added gravy makes the dishCountry Fried Chicken: Just as good as the country fried steakEggs: I mean, eggs are eggs. Just order them how you like. Steak: Cooked well. I'm picky with my steak so the fact that we paid the cheap price for this steak and I enjoyed it, means something.Apple cider in a Frozen mug: Get this EVERYTIME. Breakfast, lunch or dinner. It's refreshing and works great with any meal.Disclaimer: I may have been hungover or beyond ravenous upon my visits here, so this review may be a bit exaggerated.All in all, it's a great, decently priced breakfast spot.
5	Ahhh, yeeeaaaaah. My favorite restaurant, hands down. I'm a country boy, born and raised, so finding good ol' down home cooking like this at a restaurant was a giant blessing! My God, it's so good. I usually order the Country Fried Steak, green beans, mashed potatoes and gravy, and fried okra... all with two delicious biscuits on the side. They give me all of the for under $11!!! I never leave unsatisfied. To tope off the great food, the store is incredible. I just picked up the Gaithers gospel collection, some stocking stuffers for Christmas and a bunch of old fashioned candy. CB does good for the soul.
5	Our waitress was warm & friendly.The food is always consistent here. Comforting and delicious!
1	Had to wait to order while waitress cleaned tables,  steak  was supposed to be well done  it was still bleeding  to death on my plate and rest of food was cold ,  want good service  and food look elsewhere
1	The food was decent. The servers and waitstaff were very friendly to my service dog and I. Just as we were gathering to leave, our food and drinks in to to go containers, the manager plows around the counter: brusquely demanding, "Is that a service dog?"  I politely replied, "yes."He bellowed, "Well, is it a he or she; it needs to be under the table."I responded, "We're actually just leaving, she laid to the right of me out of the walkway.  She doesn't fit under table because of her size, and the rungs under the table."He pointed, commanding: "Next time, under the table."I apologized, "I'm sorry, none of the servers asked us to move."A lady next to us said, "Leave them alone, they're fine."During our meal, the waitstaff complimented my dog's courteous behavior and training.
5	Welcomed even right before closing We were looking for something other than fast food and it was about 10 minutes until their closing time. We asked if we could still eat and were told of course. When they said it,we believed them.  Not only the management team but even the waitstaff exhibited this sincere welcome. Frankly we were expecting that maybe we would receive a meal just thrown together but it was as if we were the first guest not the last of the day. Out of appreciation and courtesy,  we were rushing eating but the waitress told us not to worry and enjoy our meal and not to feel like we had to hurry. Refills on tea were offered without asking and everything was done with a smile. Even the cashier who had waited for us to close out was warm and pleasant. By the way our food was delicious  and  cooked the way we asked
3	I got the chicken and dumplings with fried okra. The okra was okay, but the chicken and dumplings were really bland. It was super busy, so with that taken into consideration the service was adequate.
2	I'm a vegetarian, so if you are a meat and potatoes type of person ignore my star reviews.  I ended up getting the blueberry pancakes, which were good considering the place I was at.  They were not perfectly round and have fresh blueberries, so like what I would make at home.  Not the perfect cookie cutter ones like at IHOP.  I did love I got my own jar of blueberry compote, it was warmed up too.  (I kept the bottle, I love little things like that.)Every dish on the menu was meat, except for the veggie platter (I believe that is what it is called).  The breakfast menu was the one that had the least meat dishes. The server was very friendly, I asked for decaf iced tea so he brought me hot decaf tea and a cup of ice.  Like that he did that.  The server was very nice.We got there around 7 pm, it was very busy with in an hour many of the snowbirds had left.  The food took awhile to get to us after ordered it.  The place is also very packed together.    They give us biscuits and a cornbread which are very dry and flavorless to me.  (we always make our own bread and cornbread so restaurant varieties just don't match up).  If anyone is eating post weight loss surgery and don't eat meat, it's not a very good place.   The store had a lot of cute kitschy items.  I didn't check the whole store, but they had a lot of candy in big boxes and some toys.  They did have a lot of kitchen and rooster items for the kitchen.  I thought those were adorable.
5	We just had their sunrise breakfast and an extra bit of bacon and it fed both my wife and I. The meats were wonderful and everything else was served just perfect. The service was excellent and of course you can't beat the price.
1	We came here after going to see Santa at bass pro. I have been here once before and loved the atmosphere which is why we tried it again. We were sat down and waited for 10 minutes for a waiter/ waitress to come over and acknowledge us, my husband timed it. I kept seeing servers come by our table and give other people service but never once did they come to our table. I made eye contact with more than one server to see if they "forgot" about us but to no avail... We went across the street to Logan's roadhouse and were immediately served and had great food.
