3	Tasty tacos in a slightly too-cute interior.  While the tacos were tasty (I tried three of the meat variety), I thought the rice and beans were a little bland.I'll head back but if I'm craving Mexican, there are better options.
3	Tex Tubb's is Madison's latest, but let's face it, not greatest taco establishment.  The decor is classic southwest Texas styling, and enjoyable in itself.  They offer the choice of four different salsas in their "salsa bar," but, unlike most similar restaurants, don't provide bottomless free chips to go with.  Overall, the food was quite good, but the price was not.  I paid over 30 dollars for dinner for two including one beer a piece.  Not what one wants at a taco stand.  The wait was also too long, but that could have been the fact that I went within the first two weeks of it opening.
3	I find the Taco Palace to be somewhat confusing.  It may look like a hole-in-the-wall authentic tex-mex place, but it is actually a very contrived  theme restaurant brought to you by the Food Fight folks.  Coming from CA, I'm used to going to places that look like this for authentic cheap grub.    The Taco Palace food is good but the prices don't match the atmosphere.   Three bucks for a small fish taco is two dollars too many.  Fifteen minutes to wait for two tacos to go was ten minutes too many.  Nevertheless, the food was decent and the atmosphere was pleasant so I may come back with friends in the future.
2	My tacos were good, the wait for the tacos was not.   Additionally, I do not dig the order and then seat yourself as it begets jerkys who hoard seats and people who get their food and can't sit down to eat it.
1	Grade: Pure EvilAnother fine monument to the arrogance of Food Fight Inc. The lone, non-offensive part of this ordeal is the fact that it's only open at night. The owners of this rampageous zoo should be ashamed of themselves. Consider yourself a sucker if you spent money or time here.
2	When Tex Tubb's opened it was so exciting. A taco place within a five minute walk from the house. Unfortunately, the excitement was short lived. I've had several less than stellar customer service experiences there, and the food just isn't worth the price. It's not disgusting or anything, but just not that great. I've always thought it was a bit odd that the owner charges a cover ($5.00) when his own band plays at his own establishment. What's up with that? Maybe two to three bucks, but five bucks is a bit steep.
2	I *want* to like this place, I really do, but I've been there about 6 times and it's just meh.  Overpriced and forgettable food- not bad, just not all that great.  Fish tacos were Ok- the queso dip is good, too.  I've had burritos, enchiladas, tacos of every description, hoping to find the dish that will wow me.  I give up- it's not here.  The decor is fun, the 8-track is fun about the first 100 times. Drinks are waaaayy overpriced- I think it was more than $6 for a vodka/tonic.  Yes, rail vodka, kids.Hate ordering at the counter and fighting for a seat- that stinks.The photo booth is fun, however............
4	I've got to say, the enchiladas were good, the beans were good, but the rice left a little to be desired. The banana tarimisu was good too!
5	Good Mexican food?  Check.Cheap Mexican food?  Check.Delicious margaritas?  Check.Friendly service?  Check.The *only* thing I kinda-sorta didn't like (but it was by no means a buzzkill) was that the margaritas weren't served in margarita glasses, but rather, rocks glasses.  Oh well.  I love Tex Tubbs!
4	Yum!   I went here for lunch with friends and had a great fish taco and yummy enchiladas.  I highly recommend
5	I had my 40th birthday party here after going there a couple times.  It was fantastic!  They handled 36 people on a Saturday night, and were tripping over themselves to serve us.  Food was delicious and my friends, all foodies couldn't get over how there was never an empty Margarita glass the whole night.Diana, the manager, simply rocks!!!
4	Great atmosphere, fun place. As you'd expect by the name, Tex Tubb's is decked out all Texasy. I like ordering a Shiner Bach on tap, they serve it extra cold! My favorites are the fish tacos and the flautas. I gave it 4 stars because even though they've got some tasty items on the menu, there's some pretty blah ones as well.
3	Had a craving for carryout - something new and fun. Stopped into Tex Tubb's Taco Palace and got a burrito and some tacos for the wife. The atmosphere of the place was awesome. Staff was very friendly and very accommodating. Looked like a fun place to dine (will have to do that next time). Food was fairly inexpensive - and it didn't take that long to make for carryout. We both got the Carne Asada as a meat. It was tasty but a bit tough. Overall the food was yummy, just not knock your socks off yummy. What was good was the sauce/salsa bar they had. I took two different ones home. Neither were too hot - but both were very tasty! Yum!I would definitely go back again - just to try some other menu items.
1	Yes, this place gets a 1 and I'll explain why I would give them an even worse rating if I could...-WAY overpriced. I paid over 5 dollars for a fish taco that had less than 1/2 cup of filling. The piece of fish was like a fat minnow in size. Just wrong. I don't like to be ripped off this badly.-The people there were rude to me and didn't take my to go order for like 10 minutes and they weren't even the slightest bit busy.-I waited another 10 minutes for my mini taco before I got it.I ended up eating in my car, feeling ripped, eating a taco that was a perfect portion for my small dog, but not a real human. And it wasn't even good food. Sad to say, but even taco bell beats this place.
5	The taco's are delicious and cheap.  Not taco bell cheap but cheap enough.  They also have amazing margaritas.  Why not?
4	After joining a few friends for tacos this weekend, I'd have to say I'm a fan of Tex Tubb's. I had only been here once before on a whim several years ago for the brunch menu. That time, I felt a little rushed, and just ordered the first thing I saw that sounded okay off the menu board behind the counter. That's what I got. Okay. The layout has since changed, and I appreciated the time I was given to look over the extensive choices. I was told that the tilapia tacos were great, so I ordered the blackened variety and wasn't disappointed. I also had a fried catfish and carne asada taco as well. The catfish was very good(but not as good as the tilapia), but the carne left something to be desired. They just didn't have the great flavor that it's fishy companions did...I didn't mind all that much, because I felt about to burst halfway into that third and final taco. I'm not sure what kind of stomach the previous Yelper has, but my Fish tacos were quite filling, and not at all tiny! Each taco was around $3, not too bad in my opinion(and next time I'll only order two). The salsa bar is also a plus(although "bar" is giving it too much credit, it's a sink w/four salsas). The verde was tangy and fresh! We live closer to the University Ave location, so that's an excuse to try THAT one next!
1	Worst bowl of tortilla soup EVER.  Smallest, most expensive tacos EVER!Seriously, why not just go to Taco Bell?  You'll be just as satisfied, with more money left in your wallet.
3	The fish tacos here are amazing!! The drinks are reasonable too and the front window tables are excellent for people watching. The portions are smaller, which is why most people complain, but if you fine with watching what you eat its fine.The food is spiced nicely and I've only had good experiences eating here.
4	Fine chips and a wonderful salsa bar to start off your tex-mex meal right.As a vegetarian, there are usually options at Mexican or Tex-mex places, but Tex Tubb's Atwood burrito is a breath of fresh air. Not just beans and cheese at us, this is a flavor and ingredient packed burrito I can get behind. The wait staff is fine, not phenomenal, but quite adequate.
1	I've read the reviews for this place with great interest, and after much careful consideration gave 'ole Tex a try tonight.Woefully unimpressive.  And this comes from a guy who's a fan of dive Mexican restaurants.  If I could sum up the entire experience in a word, it would be "dull."We walked into the place, which was largely empty - there were two other tables, each with 2 people.  We were immediately seated, and that's about the end of the good news...Server didn't understand our request for a "Patron Margarita, on the rocks, with salt."  It took us 5-6 explanations before she got it down.  She came back 15 minutes later with the margarita - it was close, but didn't have any salt... oh well.We then asked if we could get some chips (yes, I know they're $1, and that's totally cool - I can handle paying $1 for some chips; not sure why so many Yelper's have a cow over this), and again, she returned about 10-15 minutes later with our chips, turned and walked away.We stopped her and said that we'd like to order some food.  Her response was, "Oh, I thought you guys wanted to keep talking so I was going to check back in a bit."  Um, ok, I guess...We ordered 4 tacos - the Philly Cheesesteak taco, the buffalo chicken taco, a classic taqueria with chicken, and one of the deluxe tacos with carne asada.  Off she went, our order in hand.We munched on the chips and the salsas... we tried all four (4) salsa varieties - each tasted nearly identical to the other.  Even the "hot" salsa didn't taste any different than the medium or mild did.  Sure, they were different colors, but that was about it.   ARGH.20 minutes passed and our tacos arrived.Tiny.  Absolutely miniscule in size; sparse toppings.  The cheesesteak taco wasn't anything like I pictured it... had a single chunk of "beef" (tasted more like a Steak-Um), with 1 onion slice, 3-4 small cubes of red pepper, and a dribble of cheese sauce.  Taste?  None - completely lacking.The buffalo chicken taco was even worse.  Picture a single chicken McNugget dunked in a bad buffalo wing sauce and placed on a tiny corn tortilla, and then "topped" with 3-4 small chunks of tomato and onion.  Taste?  None - like eating cardboard.The chicken taco wasn't any better.  A sliver of grilled chicken, a few small chips of pico (flavorless), and a few shreds of cheese.  Taste?  None.  I've had better pico from Aldi's grocery store.And finally, the "deluxe" taco... take the Steak-Um from the Philly taco and throw on a bunch of flavorless toppings.  Yuck.All in all - a horribly forgettable experience.  I'm not exaggerating when I say that Taco Bell has better tacos than this place does.  Seriously.  And our "meal" cost just over $30.  Yikes - 4 tacos, 1 margarita, chips, and a soda.  Wow.Tex Tubb's = FAIL (in a big way)Service = 1 star (non-existent)Food = 0 stars (no flavor, small tacos, just awful)Value = 0 starsMisc = 1 star (interior is sort of neat)Skip this place and go to a real taqueria, Taco Bell, or Taco Johns.  I'd recommend that 'ole Tex take a weekend and visit some of the taquerias in Austin for a refresher course.
1	I felt the food was expensive for what it was w/ very small portions. That would have been accepted but the waitstaff was terribly rude. The food was average. I heard they took the photo booth out, so that looses some points, too.
2	I am Not a fan. A la carte pricing means your dinner becomes really expensive really fast. There are things on the menu (like the ground beef tacos) that are simply not good. If friends want to go here, I get two fried fish tacos and then eat something later around 9pm.The real mystery is: Why do my friends keep wanting to go here?
2	My third time getting take-out from there and getting screwed on the guac I ordered. I called and spoke to the manager and was offered a free appetizer next time I came in. Nonsense... what incentive is that... to spend more money someplace that has already screwed me 3 times. The food s good... but there is better out there in this town that delivers and gets their orders correct every time. Thought I'd give them another chance and they BLEW it. How hard can it be to put a side of guac in a bag when you're not even busy? C'mon!?!
4	I'm kinda loving this place.  My family is in Madison on vacation and we always travel with our lil' vegetarian so we are always on the lookout for vegetarian-friendly places.  After reading about Tex Tubb's and passing it earlier on in the day, we decided to give it a try.  We were so glad we did.  Lil' Vegetarian tried the black bean flautas.  They were quite good - crispy on the outside and then grilled, keeping the inside hot and creamy. The guacamole served with the flautas was a little on the too-citrusy side to enjoy.  I had Elisa's choice taco - probably one of the best vegetarian tacos I have ever eaten.  I never would have thought to deep fry an avocado, but really, it works.  Trust me.  My husband had the beef tacos and the fried catfish taco.  I had a taste of the fish taco.  It was crispy and topped with a crunchy cabbage slaw that was very good.The salsa bar had four choices of salsa.  Nothing overly exciting but all of them were certainly tasty.Two of us decided to add beans and rice for an additional $1.98.  It was different than your usual beans and rice.  The refried beans were far better than the black beans but both were tasty.  Next time, I'll skip the rice.  It was okay, but nothing to write home about.  The beans were ample enough to fill me up anyway :)We had a very nice server.  She was having trouble with two of her tables shortly after we got there but she remained calm, cool and level-headed.  When asked, she had a suggestion for a local custard shop for us to try, but that is another review.Good service, tasty food - we'll be back.  Oh, another reviewer said the price was high, I disagree, three dinners, three drinks, $40 - not bad at all.
3	I have exclusively heard negative things about the Food-Fight, inc chain of restaurants.  So, I had to try one of them for myself.  The tacos were good and the lunch special is quite reasonable.  You can get out of there for less than $10, if you play your cards right.Negative:  chips and salsa aren't free...
4	I would definitely go back to this place!!!  They had a great assortment of salsa, great drinks and my burrito was fantastic.   I had the fried avocado burrito and it was very tastey!!!  Cute little place!!!
4	I gave this location 4 stars because I have only ordered a few things there and they were excellent. The Tilapia Fish Tacos are a beautiful thing, I also had breakfast there last Saturday and had Chorizo eggs with black beans and rice. It was another excellent meal and very well priced! I love the east side location, it has great character! There is talk of redoing the menu, dont touch the fish tacos!!!
3	i may know how magnets work but...tex tubb's queso?SHIT IS MAGICAL.
3	is it authentic? no. if you're looking for authentic mexican food here, you're retarded. what it IS is reasonably priced and delicious. the fish tacos are really good, as are the enchiladas. try an austin iced tea if you're looking to get loopy.
3	Fun, relaxed vibe and tasty food I'd describe as tex-mex with a twist (not authentic Mexican).  Definitely order the chips and check out the salsa bar which has mild, medium and hot options.  Plus, the visit to the salsa bar will kill a bit of time while you wait for your drinks. The drinks always take TOO long to come, even if we just order a couple of beers. Hmmph.
4	This is a solid place that is fun to attend after a long day of work. They have a pretty good happy hour for drinks ($2 Lone Star beers and I believe $2.50 taps) along with a wide variety of intriguing looking soft tacos all of which are around $2-3 each. The tacos are not authentic, but most are creative and loaded with the sort of ingredients americans crave. The best way I could describe it is a Red Robin menu in a tortilla. There are variety of different meats and veggies, usually all accompanied by multiple garnishes, seasonings and sauces.I've tried several tacos there, but my favorite so far is the Taco Al Pastor. The combination of pork, pineapple and melted jack cheese just works so well together from a texture and flavor standpoint.The salsa bar is nice, but none of the salsas are really outstanding.The prices are great. I was there with three buddies and our total for a meal and several beers was under $50. The previous week I went to the Great Dane with just one friend and between the two of us we spent about the same. It'll be hard to justify that trip again.
4	I brought a friend from Austin here and he absolutely flipped over how much it reminded him of home. Having only been to Austin once myself, I can't say whether or not they're serving authentic Tex-Mex, but Tex Tubb's certainly seemed to be trying. This is the only place in Madison I've seen that has Lone Star and Shiner available, and the fried avocado taco was certainly a welcome departure from the usual Mexican food.Also an excellent idea on their part - the frito pie. A bag of frito chips topped with chili, salsa, cheese, sour cream, and various other goodies. I tend to hate fritos, but this was really delicious. And I attribute that to the quality of the ingredients they were using.
2	I used to really like Tex Tubb's, but the place has gone down hill. I ordered a burrito and the rice and beans inside tasted like plastic. I think they were from the night before. I wouldn't recommend this place and I won't be back.
2	Tubbs is a mixed bag, drinks are ok, service is usually ok and the food is ok.In particular the new menu is an improvement with several of the new tacos (BBQ comes to mind, as does the Friday fish fry) being tasty but the salsa and chips are really crummy.  Even the generic-ish midwestern Mexican places in Madison have better salsa and the chips are unappetizing with a strange lime-popcorn flavor.  The salsas were always not to my taste but the quality really seems down on them now.If I recall the ambiance used to be Austin funky, alt country bands, records on the walls.  Recently it was more generic.Pretty much the place to go when you want an interesting Taco and don't feel like driving out of the near east side.
5	Chef Kevin Tubb's (of Eldorado Grill) from Austin and this place pays tribute to it. Very casual and fresh food. Their Fish tacos are amazing -- my favorites include the Blackened Tilapia, Shrimp, Portabella & Feta. And their Salsas are really good too!For beverages, their limeades are tastyFor dessert, the Jalapeno key lime pie is yummy (with a kick!)
4	Loved everything I've gotten each time I've gone! The limeades are really good and you can't go wrong with anything that has the smoked chicken or pork!
1	will never go back
2	The changes to this place within the past 2-3 years have been stark and not encouraging -- I believe they are currently managed by some folks who used to manage Monty's Blue Plate Diner, and while it's understandable that there are management changes over time, I can't help but wonder if this is why my experience there recently was so utterly mediocre.Let's get down to the nitty gritty:- A few years back, the variety of tacos was decent and interesting; daikon, achiote tilapia, salmon, etc.  Nowadays, it's down to the minimum and served up (in general) on awful store-bought flour tortillas.  The corn tortillas that were their staple seem to be a thing of the past for the most part.- I decided to try the "tequila shrimp" taco, and it was a watery, runny mess.  "Runny" is never something you want for a taco.- Their chips are now the cheapest imaginable, out-of-a-bag generic, cardboard-like chips.  Microwaved for a minute to give the false impression that they're actually made on site (to an idiot, perhaps).  I felt the enamel getting lost with every chip I ate.- The service was pretty slow -- took us something like a half hour just to get an order of guacamole.  Sorry, were you waiting for the avocados to ripen or something?When I lived down the street from Tex Tubbs, I gladly went in there once a week or more.  I've since moved away from this location and haven't been in it in quite a while -- I'm sad to see the charm and the modicum of authenticity in their food gone.
2	I can't help but agree with Sean D. below.... I have been going to Tex Tubb's since it opened and have lived around the corner for the past three years, and everything about the place has gone seriously downhill in the past year. We keep going back in hopes that we'll land on something tasty off the new-ish menu, but there are really only few options that appeal there now.  The last time we ate dinner there I ordered the "Big Bowl of Pork Chile Verde" and all at the table agreed that its color/texture resembled dogfood. It was a mushy, flavorless grey paste with tough strands of pork throughout.  I couldn't eat more than two bites. The accompanying blue corn muffin was raw in the center.  I've sampled quite a few of the new menu's tacos. Most are ok, but they all suffer from the new tortillas-- the old ones were really good and I think soft corn? and at least tasted house-made. These are more grocery store- chewy and flavorless. The chips used to be hot, crispy, and perfect! Now they taste like stale Tostitos.  Ironically, they also used to be free, and now there's a charge for them. It was a big letdown the first time we went after the chip change- we don't get them anymore. Tex Tubb's used to have a fun, kitschy vibe.  That's been replaced with grime, slow service, and cheap fixtures. I miss the old fashioned photo booth, but I miss the clean bathrooms more!
3	Good variety, quick service. And sooo cheap. Love it.
2	I've only tried this branch of the restaurant, and only once - but I'm not likely to be back for awhile, if ever, so thought I would share.I grew up in a small farm town in California populated by lots of workers who migrated through from Mexico all year round. My friend circles included their kids from school, and so I became acquainted with Mexican cooking early on, and after living all over Southern and Northern California for 30 years, experienced great examples from all the various regional styles. What this place offers reflects a very Americanized, dumbed down version of Mexican cooking, but is more miss than hit. Burritos and enchiladas were more dry and bland than they should be for TexMex. Guacamole was OK, salsas were not nearly hot enough. However, I don't blame them too much for these shortfalls. NYC is pretty bad in this regard as well. Where the restaurant can and does shine - at least on my trip through - were in its tacos. Pork was moist, steak was succulent, fish (fried version) was the wacky California style abomination that I remember and loved. Sure, the tortillas could have been better - like made fresh, which they weren't - but they weren't awful. The margarita on the rocks was pretty good too. Stay clear of all the other stuff and stick with the tacos and you will be happier than not.
3	Tex Tubbs has gone through some changes - in the back and front of the house, and on their menu. My GF and I have eaten here dozens of times, and continue to go, about once every 4-6 weeks.Here's what works- Frito pie. Don't be shy. Order it.- Three kinds of salsa.- My favorite tacos are the Backyard BBQ and Southern Comfort. These are new to their "Fancy Tacos" lineup in the last year- Margaritas. They squeeze fresh limes for these, like their step-brother restaurant, El Dorado. Yum.- Jicama slaw. Another new'ish addition to the menu. Great side, and doesn't make you wish you'd worn an elastic waistband, like rice and beans do for me.Here's what doesn't- Spotty service. That "sit anywhere you want" thing at the front door is still off-putting, even though I know that's the drill. - When you do sit down, you may have two or three different people help you. I know this is better than having NO ONE come over to the table, but I frequently find myself saying, "Someone already took our drink order." C'mon, I shouldn't have to direct traffic; I'm here for lunch!Overall, Madison doesn't have many great Tex-Mex places, so Tubbs is the king of a small hill.
4	Food=4 starsService=3 starsAtmosphere=3.5 stars (too dark)Salsa bar=5 stars!Let's get to the good stuff...the specialty tacos! I had the Roasted Sweet Potato taco in a flour tortilla. The chard and sweet potatoes were a great combination. All it needed was a little salsa verde to kick up the taste. Miss Saigon Chicken taco had a combination of zesty and sweet flavors that needed nothing else. The El Pastor and Pineapple taco was a little disappointing. There were only 5-6 bite-sized bits of pork in there and many of them were quite fatty cuts of meat. That taco was the only thing on my plate I didn't finish.I loved the self-serve salsa bar. Their mild salsa was amazing! The tomatoes were bright red, with onions and cilantro and just the right amount of salt. I would definitely go back, and maybe try sitting in the bar section for faster service.The atmosphere in the dining room was okay...it was a little dark in there for the time of day. But there were lots of interesting wall decorations like tin tiles, colored lights, and a wall of shiny hubcaps. If they had turned on more of the ambient lighting the place would have seemed a little friendlier.
3	Great place to go if you want to sit in the bar, get a Lone Star, some chips and guac, and a couple tacos. The tacos aren't knock-your-socks-off delicious, but I wouldn't push them off the table, either, and there are some interesting combinations to try. The atmosphere is a lot of fun, and I always miss Texas a bit when we come here.
1	If you like roaches crawling over your food before it is made you will love this place. Absolutely disgusting! Oh and don't bother going to the bathroom they are horrible.Someone complained about my review. I am sorry to you but the building is full of roaches. I have been in the kitchen. I have seen the roaches. It is disgusting. IDK Why I got flagged for telling the truth. I guess it's like they say. The truth hurts. If you want me to say something nice here it is. The booze is good and cheap.
5	Great selection of delicious and unusual tacos. All of the ingredients homemade. Especially loved the achiote chicken and smoked meats. Would recommend the crispy tilapia as well. Decently priced for the neighborhood.
2	Like so many Food Fight restaurants, this one banks on decor instead of serving good food. The salsa bar is comprised of multiple mild, lifeless salsas. I know the average customer probably whines about spicy food, but if you label a salsa "hot," it should pack a punch.It's hard to imagine how a place can also consistently produce dry tacos, but I've never gotten one at Tex Tubbs that wasn't dry.In short, this is not the place to go for (Tex Mex) food. The margaritas are just fine and the place is cute enough if you want to meet friends for drinks and queso w/chips.
2	Tortilla soup looked great but had very weak broth--salsas were average at best,achiote fried tilipia was good, nice flavor, if the tacos lived up to the descriptions it would have been a great meal but it once again flavors were lacking---great concept but poor executiondrinks were well done and beer was good
1	Unfortunately, we never made it to the food, let alone drinks.We stopped by Tex Tubbs for a quick drink around 11:15 this morning while waiting for Alchemy to open (we were going there for lunch). We were the only 3 in the joint and were told by the 3 staff members chatting at the bar to take a seat wherever. The bartender stopped by our table and we told him we told him the 3 draft beers we had chosen.5-7 minutes later, the guy was still fiddling around behind the bar doing random stuff other than pouring us our beer. We were seated about 15 ft from the bar, so it was clear to see he had no intention of making his way towards pouring us beer in the next few minutes. We were very confused. The other two staff members were still chatting at the bar.We decided to just get up and wait outside Alchemy after watching no progress after about 10 minutes. We asked the two girls chatting "Has he poured our beer yet?" They turn around and look at the bar "No, doesn't look like it." We were now more confused. We got up and made our way toward the exit and said "Thanks, we're going to go somewhere else." To which they responded "Sorry."Tex Tubbs. Get it together or you won't make it, period.
5	Get the fish tacos! Guac is an excellent starter, and pair it w/ a frozen margarita. Ta da! your night is made!I used to live in Madison, so every time i come home for a visit, i make sure to stop by.LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!
1	This place is terrible. I don't even want to talk about how loud it is and how bad the food was. The walls are shiny and change with the television, which is disorienting, there are children running and crying, the floor is wet and dirty. The server stopped by....but only to bring us carryout materials and basically asking us to leave. Yikes.I guess I could get drunk here though, it's pretty cheap.
4	The tacos are so great! Try the pork and pineapple one! It is a little pricey when you think of a taco stand (which it definitely isn't!). The ambiance is great. Good margaritas!
4	My review is of Tex Tubb's catering service/food (which is very much a slimmed-down version of the in-restaurant menu):Tacos! For a wedding! YES!This may be the most talked-about part of our reception. A taco buffet was a unique choice, but it was one that everyone loved. Crystal, the catering manager, worked with us to create a slightly custom menu from their usual catering options and then they ended up bringing even more food than we expected. While this was great, it did feel a little wasteful. Since Tex Tubb's does a "drop off" catering service with disposable chafing dishes, etc. we were left with a lot of food and taco shells at the end of the night. Thankfully the staff at the venue were happy to take the extras (along with extra wedding cake!) to nibble on before going home and to have a football party the next day!At first I though the pricing was high for being tacos, but they had so many sides and options (great for meat eaters, veggies, vegans, etc) and TONS of chips & salsa that, considering the catering market in Madison, I feel we got a decent value. They definitely made for a fun wedding meal!
4	I went there not knowing if I would have "Texas" tacos. Yes they do and they have a nice variety of them. Started off with the guacomole . Generous size and very well seasoned. They serve you unlimited chips. You pick out your salsa at the salsa bar! Good selcetions for anyones taste. Red and green of course. I ordered the 3 taco plate with refried beans and rice. Other options are available. The surprise came when our waitress asked if I wanted all 3 Pork or did I want to mix and match! I said sure. You can have one of each variety offered. Now YOU know! I could have sworn our waitress was from the Great State but she said no. Must be something she picked up in working for Tubb's. My friend asked if they had Lone Star beer. She said sure! Will wonders never cease. The taco's came out on fluffy shells, Fresh and tasty. No room for dessert. The meal was satisfying and inexpensive. Try them out!Johnny Chitown
5	Yummers. As an Austinite, I give Tex Tubb's my stamp of approval. All of their veggie tacos are super delicious, and I'm a big fan of their tomate salsa (the mild one). The avocado frite taco is probably my favorite though. I wish they wouldn't charge for chips and salsa but their chips are pretty good. Also, their 2 taco platters a great value. 2 tacos and a side for $7.99. Their house-pickled veggies are delicious.
5	I have been here several times in the past few months, both with my kids and without.  On Monday nights kids eat free (with purchase of adult meal), which is handy for families but if you want a kid-free night Monday may not be the night to go.  The service was consistently outstanding, even during a very busy lunch time.  The servers explained the salsa bar (loved the flavors) and brought drinks out right away.  On our last visit, my youngest daughter asked for "just grapes" as her side dish before I could stop her - fruit or fries are offered on the kids' menu.  Sure enough, a little dish with only grapes came out on her plate.
4	This review is based on the 'Straight Up Flight' I had at Tex Tubb's.  We had already had a great meal at Eldorado Grill but the bar was really full when we were done so we headed to Tex Tubb's for a drink.  I tried the Straight Up Flight at the bar there...I got to try the Palace, Mezcal, and Prickly Pear Margarita.  I have to say - I love a good sampler.  It's so hard to make a choice when there are so many new things you've never had.  The Palace and Mezcal were fine - the Prickly Pear was wonderful!  Now I know what to order next time.  Atmosphere and service was also great!
5	Nachos. I only get the nachos. I don't try anything but the nachos. The nachos are good. The nachos are sooo good! In other related feedback, the staff is what pushed it up to the 5 star mark. I never cared to go back when I first tried the Tex Tubb's 3 years ago. But tried it once more on a family suggestion and it is now in my top 5 of Madison and am a monthly regular. I should note that Mexian food is my comfort food--a strange thing for a Gringo who grew up 1500 miles from the border. Now this is mostly Mexican and tex-mex inspired food and may not meet the note of some purists but it does all the essentials very well. The salsa and guacamole is good. The pork is fantastic! To clarify I get both the guac and pork on the nachos and would strongly suggest you do the same.
4	Fantastic.   I was skeptical based on some reviews.  We gave it a shot for Valentine's Day. I don't enjoy paying for chips, but in combo with queso and guac it's not so bad. The guac is amazing and the salsa bar was ok. I do however think a salsa bar would have more than 4 options, right?  Doesn't a bar make you think there are multiple choices and by multiple I mean more than 4?  That being said, our tacos were great.  I hate sweet potato fries, but being an adventerous eater I tried them.  I LOVED them, it was the sea salt and the made to order piece that did it, I'm sure.  Thursday all day happy hour is a deal. I recommend the prickly pear on the rocks, peach frozen and the cherry frozen. Service - attentive courteous and knowledgeable about the food and menu.
4	When I think about what a taco palace should be, this is it. Huge, delicious selection of tacos, a salsa bar and a pretty decent craft brew list.The tacos are served on two thin white corn tortillas and topped so high it's hard to eat  with a fork or spilling all over yourself. I just ordered two tacos (without the sides) and was plenty full. This was a great stop before heading to One Barrel Brewing, which is two doors down.
5	I was skeptical but this place exceeded my expectations. They charge for chips and salsa (something about that bugs me) and that is my only complaint. Found a parking spot right out front, right away. We had a large party so we called ahead. Our table was ready when we got there. The staff was really friendly and attentive. I felt like they took really good care of us without hovering the party. Drinks came out fast (Good beer selection actually). $3 Two Hearted Drafts! The margaritas were outstanding, in my opinion. They have a salsa bar which is a huge plus. Chips were fresh, so was the guac. My tacos (El Pastor, Carne with a Verde Sauce, and Chipotle Beef) were not very authentic but I was expecting that since its Tex - Mex (this isn't a complaint). Anything they lacked in authenticity was a twist to make the food more interesting. Prices were not bad at all. Try the pickled vegetables; they are shockingly good. (I can't believe I wrote that). Overall a good spot to try for something different.
3	We do enjoy Tex Tubbs Taco Palace. Ambiance is kind of cool. The ingress and egress at the entrance is unwieldy. When it's packed, there's no room to get to the restrooms or to the salsa bar, or even around the bar. There's no place for waiting people, to wait. On a Friday night after 6 p.m., we were seated right away. After we arrived, it got really packed. For an appetizer, we got the chips and guacamole. It was $6.99, which seemed pricey to me. But it was delicious. Salsa "bar" has only 4 salsas, and is hard to maneuver when there's more than one person at it. Salsa containers are tiny, so you have to negotiate the crowd to get back to it, and hope you don't spill your salsa on the way back to your table. "Flight" of 3 frozen margaritas for $7 is a bargain and very delicous. Hit the spot! I had the crispy Tilapia tacos, and my partner had the Green Chicken Chili. Both were delicious, but both of us thought they were dry. I had to put a lot of salsa on mine to make it not so dry. Otherwise, it was awesome. Our server, Jennifer, was a delight. She does the baking, and that particular day was National Mango Day, so she had baked Mango Margarita Cupcakes. We took one home, and my partner devoured it. It was awesome. Cupcakes were $3 a piece. It took a long time to get our food, but I attributed that to how busy it was. And we were happy eating chips and guacamole from our window seats. We had planned to use a gift card, and Jennifer kindly added chips and salsa to our take-out order so we got to our gift card total (can't use that particular gift cert to include with the tip). All in all, a great experience. Only downside was the dryness of the entrees.
5	Delicious pitchers of Margaritas!  Not watered down with some real taste.We stopped by late for nachos and drinks.Service was great and had to order a second pitcher.
4	I found the waitstaff a bit pushy, but the food was great.  Really a good deal for the amount and quality of food you get.  Love how you are able to choose from a selection of very unique tacos.  The three plate taco deal is the best.  I especially love the backyard BBQ taco.  I keep coming back to this place, although the margaritas could be a bit stronger!
3	I end up here once a month - mostly drawn by the lovely cocktails. Service is slow and the menu has grown stale. No lunch menu, which is a bummer.
4	The pickled veggies are a highlight. The brisket torta I had was amazingly good-- the brisket was perfectly smoked, and there were all kinds of sweet and savory and fatty and salty flavors going on with chewy crunchy gooiness on very nice torta bread. I talked about it for like three days straight.Sometimes, unfortunately, Tex Tubb's can be a little inconsistent-- we go pretty often, and it seesaws from being pretty good to really amazing. I don't know what the variables are, but they seem to have been able to lean closer to amazing over the past year or so, and I hope they can land there permanently.They have brunch now, too! (Haven't tried it yet-- mean to, but keep forgetting)
4	The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because it is pricy for tacos. That being said, these are gourmet tacos and Very very good tacos, large portions. We got the guac and unlimited chips ($6.99) the guac and chips were very good. 3 taco dinner ($10.99) + $1.50 substitute for Tortilla soup (which was darn good, great with the chips too!). Tacos: Carne Asade con Salsa verdeAl Pastor w Pineappleslow roasted pork something (wife got) All were very good, fresh and delicious. Add one beer and 1 soft drink and $26 total. As I said, a bit pricy, individual tacos are $3.50 each. But for fresh ingredients, good service and a gourmet selection, I would go back on occasion or maybe for a happy hour or meal deal. Very good.
5	YAY!  Delicious tacos and margaritas.  I was insanely impressed with the vegetarian options on the taco menu- not just beans, lettuce and tomatoes.  The vegetable tostada was by far my favorite and my carnivorous man loved the pork belly taco.  The jicama slaw was bomb too.  We both woke up the next day wanting more....
5	Awesome.  Completely unique tacos and flavors.  Sweet potato fries are awesome and service was fast.  Will be back!!!!
4	There's so much to love at Tubb's! For starters, the salsa bar is incredible (I can never get enough of the medium salsa). The taco selection is impressive and almost always a sure-bet, though I would stay away from the House-Smoked Chicken taco, which I thought was a little dry. However, my favorite thing might be the Jicama Slaw (I wish I could get it as a side with more dishes). Everything is well-priced, especially during Happy Hour ($3 frozen margaritas!). It might not be as good as the best tex-mex you would get in Texas, but it sure is the best you'll find in the Midwest.
1	Two caveats: 1, it is amazing and baffling that the near east side has no real mexican food, and 2, I get that people like margaritas, and that a kid-friendly restaurant (where the parents can drink said margaritas) is bound to have a built-in clientele.That said, how the hell does this place stay in business?  I ate dinner there about a month ago, and the generally shabby quality of the food amazed me. The taco meats were dry and saturated with sugar (something I've noticed at other FF restaurants too), the tortillas were verging on stale, and the salsa bar, while always a good sign, contained exactly one edible salsa. Trying to stuff some calories in the ol' pie hole and get back to work, I doused my tacos in green Tabasco from the bottle on the table. Problem? It was horribly rancid, and the waiter I informed of this apparently didn't know that hot sauce can go rancid. I literally threw 3/4 of my meal in the trash can. Maybe they should spend less on their kitschy decor and more on the food. If you want Americanized Tex-Mex, go to Pasquals or Burrito D. If you want actual Mexican food, go to the south side.
2	Went for dinner the other night.  The salsa bar is the best part of the meal.  We both got the Frito Burrito.  LOTS of filler - rice/beans. Don't know that we'll go back.
3	I'm basing my three star review on the service and the variety of non-meat options on the menu.  The food itself only earns two stars, in my opinion.  We tried the chips and salsa as well as a variety of tacos and sides.  Apparently, the only way they know how to add flavor is to add more salt.  The chips, salsa and sweet potato fries were way, way too salty, but the tacos lacked any flavor.  The various taco fillings were dry and bland.  Compared to other Madison tex-mex restaurants (El Dorado or Pasqual's) T Tubb's is definitely last on my list.Their menu has a lot of variety, but maybe they need to slim it down and perfect some of the basics.  Their service was outstanding though!  Our waiter was pleasant and efficient.
3	I just realized I hadn't updated this review in quite some time... I've been back to TTTP 5-6 times since 2010, and as Ashley H notes, they have been making changes, most of which are for the better.The salsa bar remains solid, and I absolutely do not mind paying for chips. The guacamole is tasty. The tacos have improved, but have still been a bit light on flavor; on many occasions, the beef/chicken/pastor have been well-made, but rather bland. Don't be afraid to season-up, Tex!Where I continue to struggle with this place is the service. It's always so slow. It seems to take forever to get a drink refill, be it a water, soda, or beer. I'm not sure why that is... So... Tex - how about we kick it up a notch in the spice, flavor, and speedy departments? Then we'd be looking at a solid 4-4.5 or even a 5-star rating!
5	Been there a few times and never had a bad taco.  Flavor combinations are amazing.  The pork belly taco is the best taco I have ever had.
4	Get the Klenex folks...It's a year after I moved to Madison-and I'm going back through the files,reviewing the first few places that I grabbed grub in town when I arrived. (It's about to get sentimental up in hurrr.) Tex Tubb's doesn't make the best taco I've ever eaten. (Let me explain.)I lived in Arizona for 7 years, so when it comes to tacos, you're never going to convince me that something in Madison is going to be just as good as the deliciousness that is the southwest. Sorry Wisconsin. A place in Milwaukee comes close (thanks Rachel) and I do enjoy Madison's mex, but it's not the same. Somebody could make a killing in this town preparing authentic Mexican cuisine. We certainly have the growing season.With that said, Tex Tubb's has a lot of things going for it. First off, it's not a Mexican restaurant. I think a lot of people would feel differently if they understood this going in. You're going to have to pay for chips and salsa, you're not going to find menudo or tripe or even carne seca for that matter. But what you will find is a taste of Texas in the midwest. Fried avocados, BBQ shredded beef and taco salads piled so high that they touch the ceiling. (Ok not really, that's a hyperbole.) Flavor combinations are inventive and deliver and I like the choose your own adventure nature of it all, assembling a taco platter and adding sides. You can't snag sweet potato fries at a taco joint in Tucson, but you can on Atwood and for that I'm grateful. I'm also grateful of the hip but not hipster vibe, there's a difference and you should ask me about my feelings on the subject if you care. It caters to kiddies, and while I don't have any, my very first meal in Madison was shared with some, so I dig that. Service can be slow, spice is right for Wisconsin but weak for heat lovers, and I'd love to see some seasonal switch ups. Other than those 3 things, the place gets high marks for what they're trying to do.
2	I went to Tex Tubb's with a larger sized group -- about 8 -- for a small birthday celebration a little while back. Despite my review of two stars, let me start off by saying I think I was there on a bad day for service and they deserve a second chance. Our meal was an assortment of errors and mistakes, but despite that the food was good and portions were good. I think on a different night, we'd see something different.I had the tamale special, which was tasty. However, I had ordered chicken and not pork. Not cool, but no big thing for me. The birthday girl's drink order went in and disappeared into a void. The time for food to come out of the kitchen was inordinately long. Personally, I thought our waitress was great and totally on top of things and the kitchen was just lost in the sauce that evening. There were other errors, but most of them were not major...just a cluster of minors. The food was still good and I'll be back for a second visit. Hopefully they'll be better sorted by then.
3	I think Tex Tubbs does veggie tacos better than the meat tacos. I had the 2 taco plate today with the Hot Mama (Fried chicken soaked in house made buffalo sauce,with fresh lettuce, julienned celery, pico de gallo, and sour cream in a handmade corn tortilla) and the Grilled Portabella Mushroom taco (Fresh spinach, roma tomatoes, crumbled goat cheese, toasted pumpkin seeds, and roasted poblano sour cream in a handmade corn tortilla.) The Hot Mama was very disappointing. If you love buffalo chicken you should not get this taco. I didn't get any of that hot buffalo flavor at all, mostly celery. And the fried chicken was just so sad. KFC has better fried chicken. This chicken had no flavor at all. I also got a side of the jicama slaw which had very little jicama in it, a couple of slices of mango, but lots of mayo and cabbage. Bland city. Put some caraway seeds in there or something. The one thing they did do right was the Portabella taco. The mushroom was marinated and sliced into strips and the goat cheese was tangy and perfect. Service was really slow. I walked in by myself around noon today and waited around for five minutes to be seated because no one was watching the front. Also, my server dropped my check off while I was in the middle of eating. Kind of presumptuous and rude. In summary, stick with the veggie tacos and stay away from their jicama slaw.
3	A second visit to Tex Tubbs still left me feeling "meh" about the place. They claim to be an Austin taco spot, so I hold them to Austin taco standards. That being said, they fall short. Their salsas are much better than most places in town. The guacamole is good. They serve Lonestar, Shiner, and Tito's Vodka, which is cool. The tacos, however, just lack the flavor profiles of a great Texas taco. Good margarita specials on certain week nights.
5	After a long stretch of poor food and worse service, Tubb's is finally back in the hands of capable staff. There's a wide variety of tacos to try, and I've enjoyed all those I've had (El Pastor and Backyard BBQ are my favorites). I don't know if it's authentic Tex-Mex or Austin-style, and I don't really care. There isn't anyone else in town doing what they do, so this is my go-to for tacos.
5	Everything is awesome
5	I always get the shredded beef burrito. This is the best burrito in Madison, WI, and it's not even close. So if you want a great beef burrito and you live in Madison, eat here.
5	is there anything in life the vegan nachos at tex tubb's wouldn't make better, i wonder?yesterday, i put it to the test......i came out of a job interview with my head ready to explode and when i looked up into the heavens and asked, what do i need? show me where to go....  tex tubb's was the answer.ahhhh....yes.  if i was norman and i had a cheers, this could be it. i just needed a soft place to land, with pretty colored lights strung around window sills, tattoed (and cute) servers and a nice little bar that didn't have a tv blaring in my face or some guy 'hey babying' me.....and more pretty colored lights.  the retro chairs helped take me back in time and i could start to forget that i had just had a very grown-up experience.this is veg comfort food to my nth degree.  crispy, fatty, salt-kissed chips with some nice gooey 'cheese' and an amazing cilantro sour cream substitute all piled super high....it makes me feel like i'm being extra good to myself.        "go ahead, you're worth it,"  they whisper to me. as i try to eat them somewhat strategically - the right ratio of bean, tomato, cheese, lettuce, olive, corn, sour cream to chip - they are messy, crunchy and yuuuummmmmyyyyyy.  i can think of nothing else and THAT was exactly what i needed.
2	Tex Tubbs is in my neighborhood but I don't go to it much. The food is more Americanized, especially the salsa, so if this sounds like your kind of thing, the service is always delightful (but not enough to go back very often).
4	A pretty untypical spot for this neighborhood, but very welcomed. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable about the menu and the flavors.  Clean restaurant with colorful "Austin" decor.  They slow cook their own beef and pork.  Very tasty!
2	Food was cold and the 12oz margaritas were way to expensive.  We just got 2 regular on the rocks and they totaled $15.  Come on they were not even top shelf.  Anyways, we got our food after a 30 minute wait and let's just say it was not hot.  Tacos were very small and barely anything in them.  I HATE complaining but this place is not what it used to be.  I didn't even know the one on University closed down.  Maybe we will try again this summer to see if it was just a fluke.
4	the food is always great. This is the place I bring out of town guests for something a little different but guaranteed to be delicious
3	Meh. It's fine. The tacos are pretty good. The salsa is okay. The margaritas seem way better when they're discounted.  ;-) This place is solid. I never mind going here, and I like it when I do. But it's never somewhere I decide to go of my own accord.
3	Returned after a long, well-deserved hiatus to find that the food has improved greatly. I had the chicken fajitas, and it was enough food for about three days, no kidding. The Mr. enjoyed his steak tacos, as well. Drinks are still ridiculously overpriced, but I'm finding it amazing how much of an impact switching to soda has on your overall bill, not just here, but everywhere.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in town. My wife and I have eaten here dozens of times. I've celebrated numerous events (birthdays, that kind of thing) here with friends, family, and coworkers.I'll start with the margaritas. They're expensive if you compare them to some place that serves a BS mix poured into cruddy tequila. But these are real-deal margaritas, made with real squeezed lime juice, orange liqueur, and good tequila. You're not gonna get a 32oz monster like you would at Pedro's, but trust me... they are plenty strong. I've been working on my own margarita recipe for a while, and Tex Tubb's makes my second favorite margaritas in town.The food... so good. I'm a big fan of the tacos. Our favorites are the green chile chicken (my wife usually orders just these, two or three of them), the hot mama, the house smoked pork, and the pork belly. Really just wonderful all around.The wait staff is my favorite in town. They're very nice, funny, and helpful.
3	I like the reasonably priced, reliable and tasty black bean burrito (the "Wilmar") with its fresh avocado inside.  Too much noise and hubbub though to eat it there during the rush- better as take out.
4	The service here is consistently good.  They have margarita specials during happy hour, and the margaritas are pretty good.  There are 8 flavors of margaritas.  It's easy to sample the different kinds of margaritas because they do flights for their margaritas, which allow you to try 3 different margaritas.  The beer selection here is good too when you're not in the mood for a margarita.  There are a variety of tacos to choose from, and you can mix and match tacos when ordering multiple tacos.  My personal favorite is the chipotle braised beef taco.  It has a lot of flavor and a bit of a kick.
3	Sort of like a chain restaurant that's not a chain restaurant that is a chain restaurant. As a member of the Food Fight mega local restaurant conglomerate you can count on inconsistency and quality ranging from mediocre to fairly decent.
4	Dude. Chips. And salsa. I know I'm late to the party, but if it were socially acceptable and those tubs were a lot bigger I would go swimming in the stuff. So good.
5	Lunch at Tex Tubbs was a treat! Service was warm and attentive, food was tasty and generous in portion, and the atmosphere was casual but inviting. The fajitas came out sizzling-hot, and were flavorful with just the right kick. I'd definitely recommend them! A huge thanks to Jessalyn, my server, for a fantastic experience. 5 stars to y'all, thanks for the great afternoon break.
4	Favorite taco joint in Madison, hands down. Great chips and salsa. Love the Backyard BBQ taco and the Chorizo & Black Bean taco. The enchiladas are delicious too. They've got my beloved Lone Star and Cholula always on hand. The only downside is that their frozen margs might as well be N/A. I'd suggest upgrading to a Palace Margarita or sticking to beer.All day Happy Hour Tuesday & Thursday.
5	Had my second visit to Tex's and it was better than the first. First visit was Tacos on a busy Friday. The sat me at the bar and the food and service was excellent. Went for lunch and had the enchiladas. The variety of items is awesome I had three different  enchiladas with three different sauces and the food was great. Can't go wrong at this place.They also have a great bar selection. Parking can be difficult but well worth it for a great meal.
3	Not the best fusion American-Mexican restaurant I've ever been to. I ordered three tacos and only the el pastor and pineapple was worth ordering again. The spicy margarita was good, the atmosphere was very relaxed, but the food itself was lacking.
5	I've been to Tex Tubb's Taco Palace many times - how did I never do a review?  First - it has Palace in the name...which is a selling point for me!  I have never been disappointed here and last night was no exception.  This place is awesome - they have a great vibe - trendy without pretentious - subtle yet absurd.  You can't go wrong with the tacos.  As a matter of fact last night I had my favorite to date which was the Chipotle braised beef taco.  YUM!!!  Do yourself a favor and step out of that national chain restaurant and head over to TTTP - they are part of the Food Fight *locally* owned group.  You won't be disappointed (unless you don't like really good tacos then you might be ; )
4	Their queso and chips are right up there with some of the best. The guacamole is pretty outstanding as well. Margaritas are delicious but pricey. I like the tacos, but they lack seasoning. I always find myself putting salt or hot sauce on them to elevate the flavor. That alone will not keep me away from this place. Check it out for something different!
4	I have no clue why I have lived in Madison for 20 years and have still never gone here! A friend and I did lunch there today and had a good time. The server was incredibly attentive and genuinely nice. We got a seat by the window and ordered pretty quickly, since I suppose we both know what we like as far as Mexican food goes. I got the giant burrito with a side of guacamole. And a bloody mary. I'm fairly picky about my bloody Mary's and this one was good! It had tons of garnish and was just spicy enough and didn't have too much horseradish. The burrito that I ordered was also delicious. I got it with shredded beef and the beef was a little bit on the dry side, but overall it was very tasty. Sometimes I shy away from saying anything good or bad about food fight restaurants, because they are food fight restaurants. There's something a little bit corporate about them. But our server and his demeanor reassured me that it is a local business and they do take pride in being local. I will most likely be back again!
4	I had fun here. I am not sure how authentic the food is but it tasted good. The margaritas were good too. This restaurant also donates to schools for community events so I think supporting them is a nice idea.
4	Dinner here on Friday, May 17 at around 7:30pm. The place was *packed* - and I mean, P-A-C-K-E-D. Barely any room to stand while waiting for a table; we somehow snagged two bar stools, which was completely lucky.- Needs more waiting space. Between waiting patrons and the bustling staff, there are a lot of collisions and congestion in a critical area (the bar and host station).- Need more bartenders. Those poor folks were jumping the entire time, and unfortunately, it took a long time to get drinks. The bartenders did an admirable job of acknowledging folks (a quick smile and a, "We'll be right with you," goes a long way, and is truly appreciated).+ Awesome margaritas. + Decent selection of bottled brews+ Limited tap selection; happy to see collaboration brews on tap, though+ Updated menu has some pleasant additions (brisket tacos!!!!)+ Our server was fun, although a bit slow. I suspect it was because of how busy things were. Seemed like a nice guy, and was very enthusiastic and helpful regarding the menu.+ GENEROUS food portions. I didn't think I'd ever struggle to put away three ala cart tacos, but boy howdy, was I *full* afterward. Wowsers. + Quality seems to have greatly improved, in addition to portion sizes. Very pronounced flavor profiles - I was quite pleased+ Good value, even if our server forgot to comp us on the chips/salsa (when you check-in with the Yelp app, you're awarded a free order of chips/salsa, but we still got charged the $2.95). Not a big deal, just a minor annoyance.
5	The staff is incredible. The veggie tacos are original and delicious. The atmosphere is very hip. I love the music. Great salsa bar.  Another of my "when in Madison we gotta go to" top choices.
4	Great little taco joint in the Atwood neighborhood! We went for lunch the other day and each got a taco platter. I love that there are many types of tacos to choose from with unique flavor profiles. I got the blackened fish (good, but not remarkable) and the house-made pork (AMAZING). We also shared some queso. I had the jicama slaw on the side which was a little too creamy and bland. That aside, the overall meal and service was very good, so I'd be happy to go back.
5	I pretty much love this place. The decor is fun, the food is pretty gosh darn delicious, and the location is ideal for us. The seating is a bit tight and it can get noisy, but the valiant and good natured staff does the best they can under these circumstances, so even when service isn't ideal, it's still fine. The margaritas are solid, even if occasionally uneven in sweetness to sourness balance. The beer selections seem good to me, but I defer to Steve L. to opine on that.The one, two or three taco dinners are a great deal, you can mix and match from several chicken and pork options as well as steak and tilapia. Toppings are fresh, I love the crunch of shredded cabbage, and the handmade corn tortillas are so light and tender. I would love to see some shrimp offerings as well. I haven't had a bad one yet, and the serve yourself salsa bar makes it easy to customize your dish with the flavors and heat levels you prefer. Portions are generous, I always have enough left over for lunch the next day.
5	I really could not find one thing wrong with this place. We went here on a Friday night about 7:00 for a birthday celebration. There was a short wait, but it was a nice night so we did not mind standing outside until our table was ready. We all had a cocktail, mine being a Margarita which was on the rocks, and very tasty. We also had chips and salsa for an appetizer. I like that they have a salsa bar where you choose your salsa from several options. Three of the four we tried had lot of heat (which I love!!) but some may find them too hot. We consumed two baskets of chips while waiting for our meals. I ordered the El Cubano Taco platter, and it was delicious!  You can get it with two or three tacos, two were plenty for me.  The tacos were pork on corn tortillas, full of flavor. The platter comes with a choice of sides, but I went with black beans and rice. They both tasted fresh, and the black beans were exceptionally good. You may say "how good can black beans be?" but these had taste, were not mushy, and definitely not from a can. I ate every bite on my plate. My husband had the Frito Burrito with chicken, which he let me sample.  I always use the "I need to try it for the Yelp review" excuse to taste other's food!  First of all it was MASSIVE in size, and very tasty. He had no complaints either and the burrito was gone at the end of dinner.  Since it was my son's birthday, we asked about birthday treats and they offered him a shot of tequila, which I thought was a nice touch.  Our waitress was on top of her game, checking on us and refilling water.  The water was much appreciated after sampling the salsa!  The place was packed the entire time we were there.  Bottom line...a good time was had by all, tasty food was eaten and we cannot wait to go back!
4	For those of us who are gluten-free, two of the simplest cuisines to opt for eating out are Sushi or Mexican/Tex-Mex.Tex Tubbs serves the latter very well, and I think they currently win for my favorite taco place in Madison.Service is pretty good, even when they get crazy-busy on the weekends, and if you're a margarita fan, you definitely need to give theirs a try.
5	This is my favorite Mexican food in town. Great prices, great high quality ingredients, and just overall good.Kid friendly, funky atmosphere, great beer selection.I like the pork and chorizo tacos the best.
3	Nothing terribly exciting here. I had the chicken fajita, as did a friend, and we both agreed that it was rather bland. If anything it actually tasted pretty awful. My partner on the other hand had the Atwood burrito and he couldn't stop raving about it. To each his own. Their margaritas kept me happy, though. Oh! We did get free chips and salsa for checking in thanks to good 'ole Yelp! So that helped some.
3	The food is easily 4 or 5 stars. I'm giving it 3 for everything else that was just abysmal. I've gotten the taco plater a few times and all the tacos I've tried are great. The boyfriend got the frito burrito and loved it. The room we ate in was the large one in the back. It was obnoxiously loud due to a large group there. We all left with pounding headaches. Several babies cried from the noise a few times -- no joke. The service was also painfully slow. I got water and somehow that took longer than multiple drinks from the bar. It took 10 minutes to get a refill and over 10 just to get the waitress to take the check. Restaurants shouldn't make it hard for you to pay. The food is so good I'll be back or at least get takeout from there, but this particular experience left a sour taste in my mouth. Free chips when you check in on yelp though!
2	It kills me to give a Food Fight establishment 2.5 stars.  But the food was not very good.  I mean, it was fresh, but the flavor was kinda gross.  Had chips, guac, and queso.  Pretty standard, no real complaints except that I would expect more creativity from this restaurant brand.  The tacos though...I don't know what was up with the shell.  They were supposed to be soft shell corn tortillas, I thought mine were flour until I started on the second one, then thought maybe they were corn.  Whatever they were, they were so gross.  Now, the inside of the tacos were fine (portabella and spinach).  It was just hard to get past the weird-tasting shell.  I also had the jicama slaw, which was spicy yet flavorless.  I had to put a ton of salt and pepper on them.  I'd be willing to give this place one more try, but I'm not super confident that it will be better next time.  I think that's just how the food tastes.  On a side note, I used to frequent a quirky tex-mex place (not in Madison) that had the same vibe, but incredible food.  So it can be done.
5	I freakin' love Tex Tubbs. Please note: this is not a Mexican restaurant. There's not much authentically Mexican about their dishes...but they don't claim for there to be. This is Tex-Mex, and damn good Tex-Mex at that.Get the taco platter, always. My favorites are the Avocado Frito (because avocado is absolutely at its best when fried) and the El Pastor & Pineapple. Their rice & beans are great, but the chipotle sweet potato fries with complementing mayo are where its at.Go on Tuesdays when they have all-day happy hour. Their margaritas are amaaaaaaaaaazing...and cheap during happy hour!
4	Greetings, fellow taco lovers! I originally hail from California so I know super amazing, crazy authentic Mexican food. Having said that, I have 2 pieces of really good news. #1: Tex Tubb's is NOT a Mexican restaurant so I won't be comparing it to anything back in Cali and #2: They've created some seriously kick ass, super fun, tasty tacos that I will go back for time & time again.Yes, the taco salad is fine and the black bean flautas are good. But the tacos, my friends, for me, the tacos are where it's at. Tonight I had the pork belly taco for the first time and it had everything - crispy pork belly, bright flavors, unique, light, balanced. I can't wait to have it again. The original carne asada taco is my main go to. I always get a great taco when I order the carne asada. The fish tacos are also fabulous, you can't go wrong. The salsa bar makes me so happy. I really love it - it's kind of brilliant to have such fun variety along with a serve yourself option  And the queso dip, OMG! Stop it!!! I could make a meal of just that & the salsa/chips. AND the palace margaritas are wonderful! There's a lot to love at Tex Tubb's including the great service of all the hardworking staff (thanks, Matt Fanale)! I'll be back soon. I'm sure I'll see you there.
3	I REALLY want to love this place.  Its in my neighborhood, it has a good atmosphere.  Its a fun place to take visitors or to meet up with friends.  Margaritas are just OK and the food reads well on the menu, but for me, its just not that exciting to eat.  Salsa is good, service is good, but considering it all, the food just really knocks it down a few stars.  Tip:  if you are a brunch lover, there are so many delicious places in Madison, I would not waste your Sat/Sun here
3	I'd love to give this place 4 stars, but...stopped in here for lunch while in Madison. Be sure to check in with Yelp so you get free chips and salsa - which are delicious, by the way. You can choose from four different salsas at the salsa bar. We had the red and green medium, both of which were very yummy. Had a classic mango margarita - delish. So the reason I'm giving only 3 stars is because of the food. I had the steak tacos...first of all, there was hardly any meat on them and secondly, the steak was very tough and chewy. Very disappointing. My husband had the shrimp tacos which he said were skimpy on the shrimp (seems to be a theme here), but were good. A positive note about the ambiance: a lot of restaurants have TV screens all over the place, so your attention naturally diverts to that instead of the person or people you're dining with. This place didn't have TV screens - which is a huge plus in my book. Also, they were playing good music - not pop music - and it was low enough where it was just noticeable. Perfect.
5	On a tear looking for new places to chow in Mad City and came across this gem! Holy Mother of Fuc* was this place awesome! It's about as mexican as the Marlboro Man so don't expect something along the lines of what people call "authentic mexican," but what you can expect is some of the most unique, delicious plates of their kind in this area.The lady and I started out with some chips and salsa (Complimentary with a Yelp Check-In.) Basket of chips are brought out and you head up to the salsa bar where a variety awaits. Tried a little bit of each and all were excellent with the heat levels at a good medium. For dinner, I took in the 3-Taco Platter with rice on the side, no beans as they give me gas! For my taco selection, I had the Green Chile Chicken, Traditional Carne Asada & Chorizo/Black Bean taco. I would suggest ordering two tacos as they are stuffed with goodness and quite filling. Was not a big fan of the Chorizo/Black Bean taco, but that was the lady having me order it ;-). The lady had the chicken enchiladas (3) and has two with red sauce and one with their signature queso. The enchiladas were AMAZING and had me wishing I ordered them myself. Only downside is they were a little jewish with the red sauce and queso on top, so order it with a little extra.I will soon be back to this place and would recommend this to anyone. The atmosphere is very casual, service was great, and would be great for groups and even families to head out to. Throw back a margarita or a Lone Star Lager to wash it all down! Cheers!
3	I am obsessed.  Now, truthfully, this is not the BEST taco I have ever had but this is one of the best tacos in town. Before you start getting snarky, I did not say the best traditional taco but the best taco.  I was there on Thursday for all day Happy Hour. I ordered a mango margarita.  It was ok. Nothing spectacular. Honestly, I am glad I only had to pay $3 for it.Now the food?  Awesome. There is a self serve salsa bar. I ordered the tradional Carne Asada taco and the El Cubano (slow cooked pork) taco with rice and black beans. The two taco platter is so big.  The food was fresh, hot and the flavors all really worked well together. There are about ten tacos to choose from for the the platter. There are also numerous other entree options. This is a great group or date place.
5	Best tacos I've had in Madison so far.  Got the three taco platter and could only finish 2.  The sauces were incredible and the sweet potato fries on the side were super crisp and tasty.  Try the hot sauce on the table ("Mandy's" I think), it's smoky and not too spicy, went really well with the pulled pork.
4	Tex-Mex.  Quirky character.  Yup.  Oh, and great margaritas!  Right off the bat, if you are expecting authentic mexican food, this is not it.  But it is great food.  TexMex has more cheddar, veggies, black beans and cumin.  And do not get me wrong, I love me some texmex but it can let you down if you are really craving authentic burritos.When I am in the mood for tex-mex, Tex Tubb's fits the bill.  Margaritas and personality up the wazoo.  We went on a Saturday night and was seated immediately, as opposed to the 30-minute wait across the street at Alchemy (though that place will be saved for another night).  I had a sangria.  I have not had many but this one tasted swell.  The sig. other had a mule or something.  I guess their tradition is that if you finish off the bottle of tequilla, the customer gets to eat the scorpion that was lingering in it...and yes, yes, he did.  I guess that just adds to the personality of the establishment.This time we ordered nachos and they are HUGE.  They for sure made it clear that this could feed 4 people so they were smart on that front but we finished it all within 10 minutes because it was that good.  We have also had a variety of their burritos, all of which are great as well.  Oh, and they have a salsa bar!  No scorpions in those, luckily.
4	Came here for brunch after the crazy legs run, with a couple who said this was one of their favorite spots. We didn't know about checking in with Yelp for free chips & salsa, but the chips and salsa were really good. I loved the homemade salsa, and definitely took home a few containers of it with my leftovers.I had the two taco platter with a green chicken chile taco & a pork belly taco. Both were great. This place is casual and they really stick to the tex-mex theme. It's a little out of the way from downtown, but at least that means easy parking.
5	I had a hot mama and portabella mushroom and it was yummy. The portabella was good taste like beef. And Hot Mana is just that hot. Not too much but enough to say hot
5	The inside of the restaurant is decorated so uniquely, we really enjoyed it's ambiance. We walked past a salsa bar when we were seated. The waitstaff asked if we wanted to start with any chips and salsa which we said yes (they charge ~$3 but seemed unlimited). I had a frozen peach margarita which was very tasty. For dinner I had the Frito Burrito which was a giant burrito stuffed with your choice of fried chicken or fried avocado. served with rice, corn salsa, chili meat sauce, and frito's. doused with chili meat sauce and queso. served with a side of slaw, pico, and sour cream all for $8.95. I thought this burrito was absolutely delicious. It was also so big that I took half of it home and ate it the next day. My husband has the Chorizo And Egg Torta which consisted of chorizo, egg, tomato salsa, crema, lettuce, onions, and jack cheese for $9.99 and is served with a side (he chose sweet potato fries). He said his Torta was good but then it got pretty hot. Which he normal likes spicy and hot so I thought his comment wasn't like him, must have been pretty hot! We loved the food here and we would definitely come back!
5	This place ROCKS! The food is different and seriously delicious. You should definitely get the taco platter and choose three flavors just for fun. It will be far too much food, but do it anyway. The variety here is killer and it would be silly to do anything but gorge yourself.The prickley pear margarita was sweet and a perfect start to our meal. We enjoyed guacamole, white queso and the salsa bar while waiting for our meals and I can tell that I would love a happy hour here. They had mild verde (read boring) but yum! did that chile de arbol have some zing. Tread lightly here, I seriously love heat. My taco trio consisted of avocado frito, southern comfort and el pastor. The avocado frito is a lightly breaded and fried avocado with beans and cheese and mushrooms. I'd give this one three stars, good but the other two were to die for. The southern comfort had fried chicken which was crisp and salty, with soft sweet potato hash and chipotle sour cream drizzled on top. Slam dunk, Tubbs.  Then my absolute favorite, el pastor. Tender pork, tangy pineapple and cheese, all wrapped up for sweet and salty, juicy and savory pleasure. This one is not to miss!If you are looking for awesome flavor, you simply must stop in to Tubbs for a try.
2	I actually end up eating here quite often because it's convenient and I like the comfort food aspect of the place but their quality is really variable and they are never great. The meat, for instance, is sometimes well prepared but about every third time I'm there it's partially dried out in combination with having blobs of fat and gristle in it. The ingredients never seem to be all that fresh and a lot of times I find the tacos to be dry and to have an excess of one ingredient, like cabbage, that throws the whole dish off. I'm not really sure why they can't take it up a notch, but this kind of thing seems endemic to all the restaurants in the Food Fight conglomerate. They are always just kind of ok, often dealing decent comfort dishes but not really doing anything all that special or outstanding. So if you want a big pile of fatty American Tex-Mex food you can try it out. If you want a great
