4	On a warm early autumn night, returning to this city that I love many years ago as a student, my daughter and I really enjoyed this modest little gem.  We ordered from the table d'hote and loved every course.  My salmon tartar was generous and perfectly seasoned.  My beef tenderloin was perfectly cooked and deliciously succulent.  My daughter's fish entre was a bit overdone for my tastes but the preparation was well balanced and perfectly seasoned.  The wines were reasonably priced, and the service was attentive and friendly in spite of the fact that I've forgotten almost al the French I ever knew and had to rely exclusively on English.As a tourist I only ate here once, and I can't compare it with other Montreal restaurants, but from my limited point of view, this place was everyting I was looking for and helped rekindle my love of Montreal.  Highly recommended.
4	This is a great French restaurant, with a typical French bistro style. The service is usually great, and the food is excellent. Remember to bring your own wine since they do not sell wine there. The location is really a big plus as well. Unfortunately, it close for lunch and on Sunday (I think).
2	Really good food, except for the deserts...they have courteous waiters, some of them young students from France, well trained. One tip, don't order the duck dish, its not worthy.
4	Cozy, romantic atmoshpere with an authenically Quebecois feel.  Food was fantastic with highlights being French onion soup, duck confit and profiteroles.  Hangar steak was tasty but should have arrived sliced as it is a tough cut of meat.  House wine for $16 a bottle was the icing on the cake!
5	Got this recommendation off of Yelp and it did not disappoint: delicious food, great service, reasonably priced. This is a a little restaurant on a beautiful, quaint pedestrian street, Rue Prince Arthur E (the E/east is really important!).  At the restaurant, the service was great - very friendly and welcoming, yet also unobtrusive.  We started with the tomato basil goat cheese tart- holy schnarkies, it was unbelievable.  The pastry was so light it pratically floated off plate, yet each bite was also deliciously buttery. How? How does that happen together?! Don't know, but it did.  Hubby a flank streak with pomme frites, I went skirt steak- not too exciting of us, I know.  But still, A Table made these simple selections delicious- both steaks were perfectly done and the french fries that could have been boring-weren't.  Afterwards, we strolled along the street towards Louis Square, which had really interesting architecture- all around great evening.  Highly recommend.
5	Loved. Loved. Loved.The Hubs and I came here for dinner on our last night, and we were SO happy we found it.  Everything we had was delish.  We did the prix fixe and we had the escargot, french onion soup, two beef dishes (i forget which ones we got) and ended with the apple pie-ish thing, and the best creme brulee I've ever had.  EVER.  I can see how in the Summer, when they open up the doors and have the outdoor seating, it would be a great place to have some wine, eat some great food and just hang out.
4	Very nice- we picked this place based on other yelper reviews and it did not disappoint.  We went in Friday night - beautiful evening, so patio was pretty crowded. We chose to sit just inside near the open doors.  Food was very good - escargot just the right texture and not too salty, flank steak done perfectly rare and the beef  tartare just yummy!   Our waiter was great, although he was the only one on while we were there and we thought he could use some help - but he had a terrific positive attitude.  Our only caution is if you're not keen on smoke, you will want to sit away from the open area - a few diners on the patio were smoking and the smoke was blowing back into the main area.   We loved the overall atmosphere of Prince Arthur street and would visit Les Deux Gamins again when were next in Montreal.
4	Great food. Attentive waiters. And they let us just sit and chat for 2 hours after we finished our meal. Didn't bother us till we actually asked for a bill. Great atmosphere too! Highly recommend the place.
4	3 1/2 starsThe location of this restaurant is great - the outdoor pedestrian street atmosphere really makes you feel like you're in Europe.  I guess all the smoking does too.  (biggest downer, but something I was expecting).I feel like it's hard to find cheap French food, so to compare this place to an expensive French restaurant would be a bit unfair.  The best things would be the appetizers and the desserts however.  The escargot are quite good - not salty, have a lot of parsley in them so they end up tasting a lot like calamari.  The French Onion Soup was also really good (and was ordered by my husband, who until we ate here, declared that he didn't like French Onion Soup at all).  For mains, our table ordered the duck (tasty and comes with yummy potatoes, but way too greasy), hangar steak (this tasted horrible - almost a burnt flavor running through it), filet mignon (didn't try this but the eater said it was good), and this chicken stew with tomato stuff (tasty, but the tomato flavor got really boring after a short while, so my sister didn't finish it).  For dessert we got the pear tart (good apparently), and the creme brulee (delicious - it was the winner on the table).  The wait staff were very good, and the ambiance, other than the smoking was really nice (we were also entertained by a street performer singing French songs).  I think my highlight however, was my 11 month old nephew hooking into the escargot! He loved it!! Very sophisticated baby ;-)
5	"this neighborhood looks a bit sketchy, Mike.""meh, I've been working out. plus I have a knife on me.""WHY DO YOU HAVE A KNIFE ON YOU?""you never know, there could be gypsies.""I'm not sure that's a politically correct term.""you've known me for 6 years and you think I'm going to care about political correctness now?"you emerge from a train station. walk through a somewhat sketchy area into a very nice area. down one street and find yourself on a cobblestone street. is this the middle of some Parisian suburb? the nicer areas, not the ones near the hotel you stayed at during that trip back in 2005, which led to some interesting stories...you are at Les Deux Gamins.you ask what duck confit is. your waiter, Samuel, explains. it's roasted duck which then gets fried in its own drippings. oh, and they fry some potatoes in those juices too. plus a salad on the side, for the illusion that you're eating healthy. it's only $20? really? sign me up.you proceed to destroy one of the most beautiful pieces of cooked poultry you've experienced. the meat falls off the bone; the skin is crispy; the bones are all that is left when an archaeological expedition finds this place in a thousand years.you have also drank a fair amount of decently priced and tasty wine. you don't really like wine that much (ironic, when you're Italian and your grandfather made it himself; you are more of a beer guy), but hey, let's live like the locals for once.you have been to what could be one of the best French restaurants on this continent, and didn't spend a goddamn fortune on it.you know what Mr. Sheen meant by "WINNING".
5	Found this on yelp and was not disappointed whatsoever! First off, the place is set in a little pedestrian-only cobblestone street that makes you feel like you're right in the middle of Paris. As we walked in we were greeted by a very friendly waitress that spoke mostly French, but understood English. She seated us, as another very nice waitress greeted us at our table. Their was nothing bad on the menu. Great traditional French food done to perfection. They have an awesome deal where you can add 12$ to the price of your main dish for an appetizer and a dessert.To begin our gargantuan meal, the baguettes were ah-maz-ing. For appetizer, my group had the beet carpaccio, the french onion soup, fois gras, and I had the chicken pastry. The beet carpaccio was a little bland, but if you love beets, you'll love this simple dish. A hearty earthy flavor. One of the people in our group had just come back from Paris, and she said that the French onion soup was better than any other onion soup she'd had in France. The chicken pastry was great, very complimenting to the basil puree around the dish. it was essentially a light chicken salad with mushrooms and chives with some filo dough pieces on top. The fois gras was delectable! Sweet and delicious, it was served on a crustini. For our main, 3/4 of us had the duck confit with salardaise potatoes. The dish is basically duck, braised in it's own fats and thinly sliced potatoes, fried in the same duck fat. And a small salad on the side.....moving on. The last person of our group had the filet mignon with dophinois potatoes. We asked for medium, and the filet was a little overdone for that, but delicious all the same. The dophinois potatoes were like a gratin, VERY garlicky.As if it couldn't get any better, dessert was next. We went traditional French and had the cheese plate after our main. The plate had 3 cheeses, 2 creamy ones and 1 harder one. The 2 creamy ones were brie and a strong goat cheese. The last cheese might have been a gyuere but I could not recognize it. It was also served with dried apricots which perfectly accompanied the brie on a baguette slice. My group ordered the creme brulee, the tarte tartin, and 2/4 of us had the chocolate volcano cake that was heavily recommended. The creme brulee was delicious. Creamy, eggy, and the perfect crunchy sweet top. The tarte tartin was an upside-down apple pie with a caramelized bottom. The granny-smith apples were tart as the caramelization created a great sweet element. The volcano cakes were averange looking at first, but as soon as those babies burst, the cocoa was on! Very rich, dark chocolatey flavor with sweet vanilla ice cream.Overall, Les Deux Gamins had unforgettable, traditional French food perfectly prepared and to top it all off, great service and atmosphere that really made you feel appreciated as a customer.
4	Highlight of the foodie trip so far! We were recommended by a waiter at Gabardine (Toronto) to eat at Au Pieds Au Cochon and we couldn't get a seat there so jumped on Yelp and found Les Deux Gamins. Fantastic and great to share with my 2 daughters as they mentioned (often) that they would like to eat at "one of the restaurants that Mom and Dad go to". The waitress ( I think she owned the joint) was really pleasant and helpful ("cough" unlike the lady on the phone at Au Pieds De Cochon telling us she was sold out that evening). Classic french decor from the black and white tiled floor to the seats and small round tables. Short but very tempting menu with a decent wine choice and how can you go wrong with $18 House Red which was lovely? Starters we had the Fois Gras, Beet Carpaccio, French Onion soup and Chicken Pastry all of which were delicious - Emily stated that the soup was The Best French Onion Soup She's Ever Had and that was after her return from Paris where she had the French Onion Soup to end all French Onion Soups. OK so I thought there might be a little more to the Beet Carpaccio but there's me and beets - can't not order them not matter how they're served! But I was saving room for the Duck Confit with Saladaise Potatoes. "What are Saladaise Potatoes?" I asked. "They're sliced potatoes fried in Duck Fat" "Then I'll have that then please." Fantastic stuff every mouthful was lovely from the crispy skin of the duck to the delectable potatoes. Oh yeah some greens cos you've got to. Afterwards a cheese platter and then the Apple Tatin (Apples cooked upside down with a glazed bottom) washed down with a great espresso and the wine of course. SO happy to share this with my girls and just a super evening all in all. If I'm ever back in Montreal I'll be back again to sample the other delights. Just goes to show you that you don't have to have a menu as long as a novel and you don't have to serve enough food to stuff a small whale to make for a great evening's dining experience - something to think about America!
5	SO SO SO DELICIOUS.A few friends and I dined on the lovely patio here and had some wonderful food. The service was friendly and relaxed, and the patio was the perfect place to sit and watch people walk by.Now the food:Duck Confit: Absolutely fabulous. This came with a nice salad and deep fried potato rounds, which were possibly cooked in duck fat, they were so good. The duck itself was perfect. Just... perfect. Crispy, fatty, tender and full of flavour. This is the duck confit I dream about at night.Steak tartar starter: Chunky pieces of raw steak, heavy on the coriander (which I like). Not the best I've had, but pretty good. Flank steak: The Hubster's meal. The frites were amazing, but the steak was chewy and so-so.Everyone else seemed to enjoy their meals, but we were too busy with conversation for me to grill them about it.I will definitely come back here again and recommend it highly to anyone who's in Montreal.Also, they have check-in offers!
3	I just passed by this morning...it's back in business
4	After a very long, circuitous walk (my own stupid fault) we finally arrived at this cute French bistro just outside the university district. We sat just inside from their outdoor patio and enjoyed a shrimp risotto and pepper steak on a beautiful summer evening. Worlds from the crowds of the old town and just the respite we needed after a long day of sightseeing. Prices are really reasonable -24$ for a perfectly cooked fillet with a decent wine list. Definitely worth seeking out - thanks fellow yelpers for the guidance.
5	Love the outdoor seating and the bistro tables.  Delicious steak tartare and even better when you add dijon mustard to it.  Husband had the duck confit and that was delicious as well.  Shared the crepe suzette and it was light and sweet.
5	I was nervous when we got there because the French place next to it was packed and this place was pretty empty.  Yet,  I found out later that the other place was BYOB. We were blown away by how perfectly cooked our meat was. We had a filet mignon and another cut I can't remember. The potatoes we had on the side were a gratin that was incredible. On top of it all, the restaurant is located on a quaint street good for people watching. Especially if you want to try something different than Old Town. We felt that compared to many of the places we looked at that this was very reasonably priced Appetizer, steak with sides, and a bottle of wine for about $80.
5	Pub like ...ahhhh... Bistro like atmosphere and a bit noisey but oh, the food! If you want a great French Canadian meal in a restaurant that has more locals than tourists this is the place. My wife started with pumpkin mushroom soup which was both delicate and flavorful. Salmon tartar as an entree or main dish was uniquely delicious. I had duck confit which was both crispy yet moist, perfectly cooked. Others in the party enjoyed veal stew not leaving a bite. Not to go on and on deserts were all fantastic. The wait staff were open and friendly but maybe not too attentive, no problem, we talked and laughed and were not pressured. The owner, Tim, is an American expatriate who spent time with us providing a lot of laughs. If you want a quiet, elegant, tourist oriented meal in Old Montreal take one star off my rating but don't let that deter you from going!
5	This is my go to place in Montreal. The food is classic French Bistro right out of Paris and the decor makes you feel you are actually there !I went there this Friday night and the place was packed. Perhaps the word is out that at Les Deux you get a great value. I sure did. I tried thefrogs legs, which is not my usual choice, but, they were crispy and delicious, accented with a nice pesto. This dish is a real winner. Then on to the Dore perfectly cooked and sitting on top of a delicious ratatouille.The Chocolate Lava cake was super. You can find this at many restos these days and its usually not very interesting, but this one was great swimming in  rich dark chocolate and not super sweet. My meal was accompanied by a glass of really nice house Pinot Noir. My bill was around $40 before tax and tip. On my other visits the Duck Confit and the Salmon pave were stand outs. The Duck was succulent and crispy. The salmon was cooked perfectly with the skin nicely charred. The place is friendly and unpretentious. There are many places in Montreal with food that more decorously plated, but they are often more than twice as expensive and and not good as Les Deux Gamins.
3	I was pleasantly surprised by this French bistro. Most of the restaurants on Prince-Arthur are overpriced tourist traps. However, Les Deux Gamins was fairly reasonably priced. Keep in mind tho that it is not a BYOW place like a lot of the other restaurants nearby.As for the food, fairly standard French fares: steak tartare, steak frite, lamb shank etc. No surprises or modern twists but this is sometimes what I'm looking for.The kitchen lost our ticket for our appetizers. However they made it up with a full bottle of house wine. In all, there are better French Restaurants in Montreal. However, you could do a whole lot worse than eat here
5	We came across Les Deux Gamins through a yelp recommendation and I have to say my SO and I had such a wonderful time!  The food was SOO delicious and service was spot on.We ordered the French Onion soup which was the best french onion soup I have had in North America.  It was very close to my French Onion soup experience in Paris.  We shared a salmon tartare which was light and flavourful.  It was like sashmi done right, French styles.Their creme brule was devine!  Rich yet light, I am glad I was sharing the dessert.Les Deux Gamins will be on the visit list when I am back in Montreal in the future.
1	I was visiting my family for the holidays from San Francisco with my husband and I made a reservation online 3 weeks ahead and I drove 30 minutes in the snow and traffic, I get there and it was closed. I rang the doorbell and the guy said they had to close because their chef was sick. WTF?! Customer service 101: Contact your customers who made reservations to inform them that your resto will be closed. Not impressed and definitely never going back.
4	The food was really superb. My boyfriend and I had duck confit and the duck special with a fruit sauce. It was cooked perfectly, and the portions were well done. We also received complimentary apple liquor shots from our very kind waitress. My only qualm with this place is that there was a high pitched, mechanical hissing sound coming from the back of the restaurant throughout the entire dinner. Anyway, I didn't bring it up to my date because once you realize it exists, you can't stop focusing on it. If it had been a first date, I would have been slightly embarrassed that I brought him to such a noisy place.
4	Went here for dinner on a trip to Montreal. The food had its hits and misses. We ordered French Onion Soup, Frog Legs, Grilled Flank Steak, and Duck Confit as the apps and main dishes. For only 12 additional Canadian dollars, an app and dessert can be added to the main dish and it seemed like a great deal.French Onion Soup was as expected. The Duck Confit was too dry and there was nothing special about the flank steak. The star of the evening were the frog legs. The frog legs were simply AMAZING! Deliciously seasoned with garlic. You will not be disappointedFor dessert, the Tiramisu and Molten Chocolate Lava Cake were very good.
3	I can't believe it took me so long to write a review for Les Deux Gamins. I guess I really never got around to it. HarHar. My friends and I decided to go on an impromptu vacation to Montreal because, one, the drinking age there is 18, and two, Montreal is awesome! We came across this tiny restaurant on a cobblestone street after climbing Mont Royale in the snow. Bad decision-making, but unforgettable experience. Anyways, we were cold, tired, and hungry, and decided to run into the first warm and appealing restaurant we could find. We all ordered the French Onion Soup ($8.50) to start our meal, and I have to say, it really hit the spot. They have beer on tap; my friends ordered a beer and rum and coke, and I got the Vespa--the house drink with fizzling happiness. After the wonderful starters of soup and alcohol, we moved on to the entrees. I remember that we weren't as satisfied with the quality of the main dishes. I got the chicken and mushroom risotto; my friend got the chicken stew--the chicken in the two dishes were overcooked to the point of being inedible. I thought the risotto was cooked very well, though. My other friend got the flank steak and said that it would have better if they had used quality steak. Dessert was satisfying. I got to try mini-versions of the most popular desserts: the creme brulee, the chocolate mousse, and unfortunately, I cannot remember the last one. While the entrees were not as satisfying as the ambiance, the starters, the dessert, or the alcohol, it was still an okay experience. The prices were very good, especially if you decide to add an appetizer and dessert to your entree for $12. The waitresses are very nice and the place itself is gorgeous. We went here after a three-hour dinner at a very nice steakhouse the night before, so we had high expectations. Les Deux Gamins met the expectations, but it was missing an element of surprise--that bang that makes food so much more interesting and delicious.
5	I had the best meal of my life here when I came to visit during my Spring Break. FIrst of all great deal of an additional $12 to include an appetizer and dessert. We started off with a fantastic suggestion for beer: the Grimberggen. Soo good. For the appetizer, my friend and I split the escargot and foie gras. The escargot was absolutely delicious; it really was something else. It was cheesy, smooth, and flavorful. It was as if God was being ironic by making such a grimy creature so delicious. It was the first time having foie gras, so I didn't know what to expect. But it was fatty, creamy, and had a subtle gamy flavor. For the main, I had the salmon tartar which was unexpectedly seasoned quite a lot, but was incredibly tasty. Salmon is sooo good. Well portioned too.  Then the dessert: Mi Cuit au Chocolat. Melting chocolate inside a muffin shaped chocolate cake served with ice cream. Out of this world. The meal ended with an espresso and a complimentary shot from the waitress. She definitely liked us. A French-Canadian summit of flavors was delectably orchestrated in front of me that night.
5	I have been meaning to come to Les Deux Gamins forever, but normally I try to avoid the touristy scene that is Prince Arthur, plus I was waiting for winter to be over so that I could terrasse it up. Came here with a group last night and even though we were a bit of a rowdy group, the service was absolutely spot on.The evening started off with a Zou Bisou cocktail which was mixed to perfection: vodka, Chambord, jus de pomme and topped with a yummy blackberry; anything that has a connection to Mad Men, I'm so drinking it! I tried the tapas menu: 3 items for 10 bucks (how awesome is that?) I had the tartare de saumon which was incredible, the rillette de salmon and the best bruchetta that I've ever had, yum yum. The portions were a good size and everything was fresh and done to perfection. Any restaurant where the owners come out to talk to the table and actually care what you think of the place gets a thumbs up from me.I can only imagine how great this place is going to be in the summer with the huge windows that will open onto the street, overlooking the fountain. It feels like you've been transported to Paris while dining here and the added fact that they don't gauge you on the wine prices means that I will most definitely be back.
4	Went on a Saturday night. What a treat! A very nice bistro style restaurant. Had the French Onion Soup, Flank Steak, and Tiramisu. All spectacular dishes. The wine was very reasonably priced. The service was quick and attentive. Would highly recommend eating here.
3	The 4.5 star here seems a bit overrated. To us this was more of a 3.5.As we would say in French, this was "BMPT" for "bien mais pas top", or "good but not great".Overall the food was decent, certainly not bad but also nothing to rave about (especially in a city with great food in general such as Montreal), and the service was also nice but not outstanding. Prices are acceptable for what is delivered.The decor is quite nice, typical bistro style with the same chairs and tables as one would find in Paris. They go a bit "over the top" with old-school French music (my grandparents' generation).I would say the food was very reflective of that atmosphere: it is comparable to an 'average' Parisian bistro that one would find at any corner.During the meal, they turned on the chemney (actual wood fired one, not gas) and the room had a nice small, it was very homey.We shared the salmon tartare for starter, which was fresh and really nicely done.Then we had the beef tartare (main course size) with french fries. I have to say the beef was high quality and very fresh. The seasoning could have been a little better, your typical French beef tartare would have more worcestershire sauce, capers and cornichons. To be fair, they offered to have me prepare it at the table rather than the chef, but I took my chances. The French fries were very crunchy, which I enjoyed, but the oil they had been cooked in certainly could have been a little fresher.We also had the scallops with rice and coconut. Again it was nice but nothing to rave about.
5	Beautiful French restaurant. We almost didn't go in because we noticed it was completely empty at 2pm on Sunday. But then we noticed some people going in so we followed. I asked them why it was so dead and they explained that their brunch had just closed. As soon as I grabbed a seat on the patio, I was so happy we didn't miss out.  The Look and Feel This place definitely has that bistro feel I was looking for. The Service The servers are extremely friendly and the food is great. They can be a little slow with taking orders but I guess that's because they were understaffed since the shift was changing. Anyway, we stopped by for lunch and they offered a great selection of traditional french dishes. The beef tartare, anchioves and olives were great. The steak was a bit overcooked and not as tender, but their tapas menu offers amazing selection and value. Value Everything is so reasonably priced for such great quality food.  I will definitely visit this place again and again.
4	Great french restaurant right in the middle of downtown Montreal. The service was great, the waitresses were very polite.Of course, the french inspired food was delicious. In particular, the french onion soup was incredible, and very filling. They also have a nice wine list and are great for recommendations. And once dinner is over, the restaurant is centrally located in the City. A nice evening stroll after this filling dinner is a great combination.
2	I don't know if we just went on an off night, but I can't agree with the other yelp reviews of this restaurant. The food was, at best, passable. Barely so. My husband started with gazpacho, which ended up being the best thing we had. It had a bit too much vinegar, but was otherwise tasty. For dinner, I got moule frites. More than a quarter of my mussels were completely closed (ie not fresh) and the ones that were open had a fishy taste and often tore to shreds as I removed them from the shell. I think they may have been steamed for way too long or maybe just old. I stopped eating the mussels halfway through because I got a mussel that was so fishy that I got worried I'd get food poisoning. The broth was ok, but nothing special. My husband got grilled salmon with ratatouille. It looked delicious, but the fish was dry and the ratatouille was flavorless. In general, the food was under seasoned (the people at the table next to us seemed to agree). We tried profiteroles for dessert. The sauce (a warm dark chocolate) was good but the profiteroles were soooo chewy and cold. Not room temperature cold ... Like not fully defrosted cold ...Sadly, I can't recommend this place. I had high hopes based on the reviews, but I was very disappointed. The food was not fresh and there is no excuse for that!
1	UGH. One of the few times Yelp has ever steered me wrong. I apologize to my 3 dining companions that I forced to eat here with me :( The good: The restaurant is pretty cute. There are 3 levels, including an al fresco dining area. The french onion soup was pretty darn tasty.The bad: All the other food. Escargot - fine. Salmon tartare - srsly? we had to add a crapload of seasoning to make this edible. Mussels - wayy too fishy, couldn't even taste the broth. Lamb and filet mignon - terribly terribly salty, yuck. The ugly: Our entrees took over 1.5hrs to come out, and the restaurant wasn't even full! We were so bored we started playing the Name Game while we waited, and my boyfriend bet my friend $1 for him to put pepper in his mouth, straight from the shaker. Yeah, we were that bored. The super ugly: My friend's veal scallops came out COLD! We initially thought maybe that's how the dish was supposed to be served? Wrong. The waitress informed us that it should be hot and took the plate back to the kitchen. 40 mins later, we were all done with our meal and we told them to just cancel the dish. Their response: It's right downstairs! They brought it back out after what we assumed was a quick reheat of the meat and it turned out to be completely bland and dry. Disgusting. They comped us for that one dish, but really though they should have comped us for the entire dinner. Most of it was either spent waiting for our food or trying very hard to eat our dishes. They only offered a mere apology AFTER we tried to flag down a waitress for our check for 15 mins and she asked "how was everything?" and was met with blank stares. Sooo upsetting, and such a waste of a meal in Montreal!
4	Good, solid meal here. It's very much a traditional French restaurant without too much creative going on on the menu, but everything was executed very well.We started with a cheese/meat board that had a good variety of components. We then did the steak tartare and the escargot, followed by the mussels. Everything was delicious. My only complaint would be that the broth for the mussels was somewhat bland, but the mussels were plump and fresh. I also thought the frites were just okay.I honestly don't have much to say about this place because there just wasn't anything to really RAVE about, however if you're visiting Montreal and want some French food at an affordable price, it's a good pick!
4	I'm from Boston but now live in Montreal. Les Deux Gamins is a regular, a great bilingual and very friendly staff from Southern France. Excellent selection of wines, I believe offered at cost. I go for the classic Bavette and a good red. Otherwise, rose and something light. Great place to checkout what's happening on the street between Carre St Louis and Blvd St. Laurent.
5	I have been to this place twice. The first time with my wife and friends from Ottawa. One of our friends insists on the very best standards in food. He loved the food. The second time, I was there with 2 daughters, son in law and my wife. Both were weekend nights, Saturday. We did arrive at 6:30 PM which is early for dinner a la Montreal. Both times the kitchen hit the mark with all menu selections. I lived in Montreal for several years and the food here is tops. The service was competent and the ambiance is chic. The menu changes corresponding to local seasonal products. That keeps things interesting and is a reason to visit during each of the four seasons. Rue Price Arthur needed this place! Merci Val et bonne chance, toujours!
4	Knock out of a dinner.We had to end the vacation with a fancy date- and this was the place to be. We went the 3-course dinner route. Very reasonable!I started off with the Garlic Escargot, rocked it with Veal Scallops and ended with the creme brulee. The girlfriend had the french onion soup, the chicken w/ eggplant and chocolate lava cake. A few glasses of the Lulu B. helped round out the entire meal.A great date destination!
5	Again, thank you to all the yelpers for helping my wife and I "discover" this little bistro.  We started with a simple bufala mozzerella and basil salad with olive oil which was outstanding.  It was complimented by their french bread - firm crust, great soft flavor - and it was simple, but outstanding.  My wife ordered the salmon, which may have been the best salmon either of us have ever had.  I ordered the flank, which came in a wonderful capers and carmalized onion sauce.  The flank was initially a bit tough, but immersed in the sauce, was wonderful.   The wine, the service, the food - and it was all less than $120.00.  It could not have been much better, at all.  Definitely recommended..and decent casual attire is good.  Enjoy this gem.
5	Very good french food. Lot of local's.Steak tartar and salmon tartar was excellent.Foie gras on the starter menu.Inexpensive for the quality served.Friendly service.
3	While I appreciated the free cocktail with Yelp check-in (shamelss plug!) the service and the food quality left me wanting better. It was just OK. Our food took a really long time to arrive, due to the fact that one lady was serving both outdoor patio and indoor customers and the food was nothing really to write home about. I ate there about a month ago and I can't recall any of the dishes that I got which is not to say that it was bad, but really just to say that nothing made a lasting impression. In fact, I'm still thinking about that Tapas place as I'm writing this.
5	This place was absolutely perfect. Granted it was a beautiful evening, there were street performers playing some wonderful music against the background of a small fountain, and the street was alive with people, but the restaurant really made the evening. We were seated outside, but the street where it is located is closed to traffic, so it's very calm and relaxed. People watching here is half the fun. The restaurant itself is a classic French bistro, serving well known items like fois gras and a charcuteries board as well as some unique dishes like the steak tartare with fries and salad. I had the duck confit, which was a little over-done but very well flavored. Prices are a little on the high side, but the quality of the food and the ambiance are worth it. They have their own "vin du maison," which is cheaper than the other bottles and is served in un-labeled wine bottles. We had the white and it really is a perfect table wine, just right. They also serve Ricard here, and as soon as I saw that I was immediately transported back to France. Items on the menu have English translations and the wait staff is bi-lingual enough that your high school French will get you by. Long story short: if you're looking for an incredibly romantic evening, go here.
3	Not the best hit ... Service, ambience and outdoor seating were awesome and promised a great dining experience. However except the starters (calamaris with chorizo) both our main dishes were kind of meh...the presentation was again highly promising but the actual food didn't knock me off my socks.The  salad oceane w/ grilled salmon was pretty bland and the supreme chicken was not that supreme at all; very dry and not well seasoned. 3 stars for great service and ambience, but food needs to be better.
3	This is a perfectly nice place, especially to enjoy a meal on the outside terrace on a lovely evening. Located in a pedestrian area, it has a relaxing atmosphere and it's a great spot for people watching. I ordered the gazpacho and steak with frites. Both food and service were good. Nothing remarkable, but definitely a good value.
1	Awful - don't be fooled. Rude, Inattentive service. The duck confit was overcooked, fatty, and scarce on meat. Potatoes burnt.  The crock of onion soup was too sweet.  Veal flank was tough and chewy - my wife's jaw hurt afterward. Total tourist trap. If you like good food, don't get sucked in to this sham.
4	While visiting Montreal from NYC (yup, a tourist), I wanted to find a place to eat that was not filled with my fellow ugly Americans, and that I could walk to from my lovely Latin Quarter B and B.  This was it.   The goat cheese salad was so good that I dreamed about it and had to go back again for another taste.  It was sort of like the early stages of addiction.    That said, the gazpacho was eh- the bread was not entirely blended in, and getting a soggy crust half  way through my bowl was not that pleasant, though the taste was good.The atmosphere- sidewalk cafe on a nice night-- was lovely.  So, too, was the service.   Sad to say for the local patrons, I highly recommend Les Deux Gamins to my fellow travelers.
4	Our first dinner in Montreal, had a very french vibe to it.  There was a French dude singing and playing his guitar right outside of the restaurant but since the restaurant was open to the outside you could hear everything. The decor inside was also very French.  Now onto the food, we ordered the charcuterie platter, duck confit, mussels. All were good, but my wife's duck confit was a bit dry and the skin wasn't crispy like the one we had in Paris, so she was dissapointed. I liked my dishes and would order them again. I would recommend anyone to come here due to the combination if a great atmosphere with decent food
4	It was my ex's favorite place and despite running the risk of an awkward encounter, I still come here as often as I can. It says a lot no?
2	Nice location but the food was very disappointing.
5	Delightful little bistro on a pleasant, pedestrian street that often has amazing street performers in the summer. Service is friendly, the house wine is inexpensive and of high quality and the lamb dishes are highly recommended.
5	My girlfriend had the tartare, and it was fantastic (I had big-time meal envy). I went for the duck confit which was also great. We got a free drink with our Yelp checkin, so try it out (hopefully it's still on) - they seem to take their cocktails pretty seriously here, and that's something I highly approve of.I met the owner Val (who's super cool and easy-going) and all the staff I dealt with were friendly.This would be a great place for causal meal, or a date location.
4	I would say this is a 3.5 to 4. The ambience was great-- we sat outside and felt like we were in Europe. Our server was super sweet, but service was a tad slow. Good thing we had all the time in the world. The food was good-- not life-changing, but good. We had the French onion soup (yum!), mussels in white wine sauce, and filet mignon.All things considered, a great dinner overall.
5	Was visiting Montreal for the first time from Seattle. I made a reservation but was running late (lost!). Rather than simply give away my table, Les Deux Gamins called me to confirm my arrival time. When I finally made it, I found that they had saved me a corner outside table - premium seating. The food was amazing and because we were seated outside, we were treated the beautiful atmosphere of the neighborhood (a fountain, lights, a french busker, french folk music, etc.). It was the perfect end to our trip and we have Les Deux Gamins to thank. They are amazing, the location is amazing, and the food was delicious. I would recommend this restaurant to everyone.
5	Quality food Quality service. 5 star!
3	Decor - superbe. Bavette - nomnomnom. Pesto - je veux la recette!
5	Great food with a real French atmosphere.
4	It was good. There appeared to be some confusion about our Yelp reservation, even though they had sent confirmation email.  We were no more than 5 mins late b/c the taxi took us to Rue Prince Arthur West instead of East.  Food was nice, wine was nice, atmosphere was lovely.  Toward the end of our  already 2 hour meal we really struggled to get someone's attention so we could get going, but eventually got the check. I think overall it's solid bet to experience some French cusinethe neighborhood.
4	a charming spot to dine at on a cold night.the wine choices were decent and i enjoyed the one that was recommended to me by our server.we started off with the foie gras which was nicely seared and well prepared.the steak frites: the steak was juicy and flavorful.  the fries were on the thin cut side and the dish came with a bit of salad which was nice.the mac n cheese gratin with a duck confit option was only ok.  the onion in the dish was overpowering.  i felt like i was eating the pasta version of a french onion soup.  the duck was just a topping and was quite dry.  i regret not ordering a regular duck confit dish.  i'm sure it would have been much better.in the end, we skipped dessert and only had a coffee before heading back out into the cold.  by then, the place was packed full of patrons.  reading the reviews and seeing the food arrive at other tables, the french onion soup is a popular solid choice.the star ding was for the lack of service near the end of our meal. we stayed 20 mins more than we wanted to in order to flag down someone for our bill.
3	We visited Les Deux Gamins with a large group (18 people) for whom we had allowed them to choose a restricted menu. They were able to seat us and even to give us a designated room, which was great. Unfortunately we were seated in an awkward "L" shape. If we went again we would ask for a group of tables in a designated space. First, I should say that this place can offer a very nice set of choices for a large group at a very reasonable price. I'd like to go back and try the full menu, especially since at this price point it's easy to do.For the vegetarian in our group (a sad thing to be when French food is involved, but it happens!) they weren't able to offer him anything other than gratineed zucchini, which he found too rich to eat much of, and roasted vegetables, which he said were good, but it's too bad they didn't really have a vegetarian meal (with protein of some sort) to offer. I had the green salad (which I regretted because my entree came with more of the same salad - should have gone for the soup, which was apparently very good) and the duck confit. This was disappointing for me as one of my favourite parts of duck confit is the nice, crispy skin, which this did not have. Instead the skin was gelatinous and so I sadly pushed it aside. The duck underneath was still delicious, though (how could it not be?) and the potatoes were outlandishly buttery and therefore quite good. For dessert I had the creme brulee, which was good but not freshly torched for the full crispy and warm on top, cool and creamy underneath experience, which always makes me a little sad.If you only had one dinner in Montreal this isn't what I would recommend but for the money, this is a good little restaurant. Nothing outstanding but you definitely won't regret a visit.
5	Called 30 minutes ahead on a busy Saturday night a month ago....totally shitty thing to do but they courteously got us a table for which we were about 10 minutes late. Yea, we were that two top. Romantic weekend in Montreal with the girlfriend, things happen.The owner was working the floor and she made the evening very special. The filet was cooked to perfection, escargot in a steaming pot was a thing of beauty, and even the less expensive wine was excellent. Overall we had a great experience and would recommend it for a sexy evening.
4	While on a weekend away a group of friends and I found on Les Deux Gamins on yelp and decided to give it a shot based on reviews and I must say that it lived up to all of the good reviews. You walk in to what feels like a converted old split level home, that is very welcoming and had some cool french decor. We started with a couple orders of  the calamari which I figured was fried but was not, being a fairly picky eater I immediately was turned off but then figured I would give it a try and I am glad i did because it was excellent, cooked very well and the sauce it was in added some great flavor and also served as a great sauce to dip the fresh warm baguette in (another great).Between the table of 6 a few of guys had the filet, I had the Duck confit and another had the bone in Lamb shank. By far the best dish was the Lamb, it had a ton of flavor and the meat fell right off the bone, the Filets were pretty good as well cooked perfectly. The duck was also very good but i just felt that it could have used some more spices to bring out some more flavors, but the potato's that it came with were very good and the small salad was also a nice little touch. A few of us had some expresso after dinner so a few also tried out the desert, we got the chocolate lava cake with the carmel ice cream which was awesome, the ice cream was a nice touch and changed up the flavor from the standard vanilla. The person that got the chocolate mousse said that he expected it to be a little lighter as it was a little firm but that could be the way it was intended to be prepared. All in all it was an enjoyable experience and would return again.
4	A French bistro. How fitting for our first dinner here. On the cutest street ever!
4	Many good restaurants are closed on Mondays, but Les Deux Gamins has their doors open with friendly, welcoming service and simple but good food.  Basic French options, with great service with good timing of plates.  I had the fois gras appetizer and the salmon tartare - both perfectly composed.  Nothing super-amazing, but very pleasant and reasonably priced.
4	Great place. It has a romantic atmosphere and the service is AMAZING! I really enjoyed the food and I am a big fan of the chevre chaud salad and the creme brulee. Will definitely be back.
4	This place was awesome.  The food was great, the service was friendly, the atmosphere was on-point, and it is not too pricey.I ordered a French onion soup (delicious), cheese & meat plate (delicious) and a mushroom risotto (also delicious).However, my girlfriend ordered a flank steak, which she complained lacked flavor.Overall, it was a great dinner.
5	Really nice place, if I didn't know better I'd think I was in Paris.  From the interior, tables chairs everything felt authentic.  The food and wine was great and look forward to going back here during the summer months to enjoy a few drinks on the sidewalk patio.
5	This restaurant was a fantastic find (via yelp!) for two out-of-towners. We were warmly welcomed by Valerie, who also was our server. She was very friendly and knowledgable, and helped make the evening fun and memorable. The steak frites were excellent (I love a good fried potato) and the beef bourguignon was also fantastic. The atmosphere was romantic yet energetic, even on a quieter night. We visited on a cold day but our table by the front window was cozy and warm. I can only imagine how much nicer it is during the summer when the restaurant spills out onto the car-free street it's on. Highly recommended!
3	Here's to a nice little fancy French restaurant, easily accessible in the center of Montreal! At 6pm on a Saturday, our group of 7 entered the almost empty restaurant. The lights were dim and we were served by a friendly waiter.The menu isn't too extensive, but the items on the menu aren't the common ones you'll find everywhere. I opted for the duck confit and tried some of the beef tartare. Just a note - you can get a french onion soup and a glass of house wine if you check in on Foursquare ONLY on Mondays - Thursdays from 5pm - 10pm. They budged a little for us. We had 3 check-ins but they were able to give us 1 special.The french onion soup was delicious. Under a thick layer of baked cheese, you'll find plenty of onions, bread and a flavorful, spiced onion soup. This soup is perfect for a chilly day/night.The duck confit was good. I wouldn't say it's too out of the ordinary. It's not my first time having duck and the way it was cooked was just like any other duck I would have. You'll find that the sliced potatoes on the side are much more interesting. They weren't too tough or soft - I enjoyed them more than the main itself. The beef tartare that I tried was good. It wasn't too spicy but the portion was huge. If I wanted beef tartare, I would opt for the appetizer instead. Overall, dinner wasn't too expensive and we all came out full. However, I would only come here once because there ought to be better choices around the area.
5	Fantastic value and great French bistro.After spending 4 days visiting Montreal, this was the only place I felt I had to review. The food, service and atmosphere was all great and it was really good value at $125 for 2 people with a bottle of wine and 3 courses each.I went on a Sunday night so it was basically empty during the whole 2 hour dinner. The French Onion Soup was really the highlight and worth going back for with the chocolate lava cake dessert a close second. The warm salad with honey, mac & cheese with duck confit and filtet mignon was all really solid. The house red was a merlot and great value at $18.
4	We found this place on Yelp and it did not disappoint at all!  We took a long walk from our hotel on a frigid mid-March evening to find a quaint, welcoming place with a cozy fire in the fireplace and French decor.  I had a salad with warm goat cheese for a starter and it was perfect.  Then i had poached salmon with zucchini au gratin.  The salmon was excellent, but I felt the zucchini dish to be way too rich (although quite delicious).  My husband was very pleased with his dish (duck).  I do not eat meat and there were very few vegetarian or fish dishes so i probably would not go back for that reason.  But I would recommend it for the lovely atmosphere and the well-valued food that we had.
5	AMAZING!! Went with my girlfriends family and we basically order EVERYTHING on the menu! We had amazing service. The waiter was really helpful and knowledgeable. The canard was on point!! sooooo delicious! My only "ehh" about it was the escargot.. it was a bit bland but it was still good. The foie gras seared was really really good too!
5	This restaurant is very good! It was warm when I went, so the outside seating was very nice and the whole restaurant opened up to the outside. It was also super busy, so I would recommend reservations (which is easy to do on their website). The steak tartare and mushroom risotto were delicious and very filling. I was too stuffed to get a dessert, but they looked so good!
5	Le Deux Gamins was everything as advertised on yelp and much much more! My wife and I went for our 1 year wedding anniversary.  The place is very cozy but not noisy or cramped. The service was attentive but not intrusive and the food was AMAZING!!! If you are looking for a great French meal but not too expensive you MUST GO TO LE DEUX GAMINS!! The escargot was delicious and tnder. The flank steak was well marinated and not over cooked. The duck confit was savory and full of rich flavor. Plus the portions were perfect and not overwhelming. The molten chocolate cake was decadent and the perfect end to an perfect meal. We definitely will come back here when we visit Montreal again!
4	This is a lovely place.  It appeared to be a family operation and each of them really hustle to get the job done.  We ordered a bottle of wine which the restaurant had run out of - and the young man who helped our table offered a very respectable substitute.  We all ordered the French Onion soup to start.  This alone would have been sufficient for the evening.  It was rich, tasty and a very large portion.  I ordered a beef dish and my husband and our friend ordered duck.  All of of us loved our entrees.  The guys must have had half a duck and my beef was oh so tender and tasty.  We were disappointed that we were just too full to order a dessert because (based on what all we'd eaten so far) their desserts must have been to "die for"!
4	The prices knocked us back a bit, but the flavors were worth it. I fell in love with something simple as the fried scalloped potatoes (largely because of the duck fat), and the charcuterie plate was standard but good. We all raved about the house red wine, which is quite a deal at $20/bottle, and came out to about two glasses each.It was charming, and felt just like a real French bistro, with tables spilling out onto the cobblestoned street. They were very accommodating, though we walked in forty minutes before closing.
4	What a lovely bistro located in a very quaint street...however, parking was a b*tch though as it's really close to the residential area...don't forget to read the parking rules, or else you'll get a ticket.Walked in on a Friday evening and was promptly seated by Camille, who was also our waitress for the night. A big shout out to Camille who made our evening so enjoyable. For appetizer, the hubby and I ordered the escargot (a bit bland) and foie gras (yummy!!!!). For entree, he had the flank steak while I got the duck confit. Oh my, my duck confit was cooked to perfection. Just the right amount of flavor and the meat is falling off the bone tender. I really liked it that the entree also came with a salad which helped cut down the richness of the meal. I am normally not a fan of potatoes (except for fries) but the scalloped potato accompanied with the meal was just out of this world. I ate every piece of it. Portion size is generous. I loved my dish so much that I didn't even taste my hubby's steak (which he said was really delicious). We were too full for dessert so I just had my chamomile tea to round out the night. A very reasonably priced restaurant, will definitely be back on my next trip to Montreal.
4	Great classic French bistro food in a great neighborhood.   I heard of this place some time ago, but never had the opportunity to stop by during one of my many trips to Montreal.  We took that walk over from our hotel on a rainy night and were greeted by the friendly staff and sat immediately.The starters were so-so - 3 start worthy on their own - but still tasty and enjoyable.  The gaspacho was fresh, but a bit too spicy for the two of us that had it.  The escargot (served in a cast iron pot) were tasty, but maybe a tad bit oily.  The bread served at the table is worthy of 5 stars, however, and is served with a great, fatty french butter.The mains were simply excellent.   Two of us had the beef bourguignon special of the week, which was some of the best B.B. that I've every tasted - it was simply amazing.  Another had the hanger steak frites, which was cooked perfectly.  Our other friend had a classic Salade Nicoise, which had large pieces of perfectly-grilled tuna.This is a cute place.  The atmosphere is great, the service is friendly and it has a great wine list.  Unfortunately, it was a cold and rainy spring day, but I can imagine that it's even better when its front garage door opens up onto the pedestrian street out front.
4	Not sure about the 'location' as this was a bit off the tourist attractions. The place was nicely-decorated and charming. VERY good french onion soup!! 1 of the best I've had... definitely order that. They have house wine - $11 for half a bottle, and $20 for the full bottle. We had the red and it was surprisingly good (it's light and smooth). Fillet Mignon was done the way we asked it to be - medium rare. The duck was cooked really well - and it's a generous portion of 2 duck legs. Good to share. I will miss the onion soup here!
4	Nice atmosphere although slightly "Cafe Rouge".Loved the jazz music.Escargot, French Onion Soup and Salmon Tartare were all really great.The French bread was just what you would expect ... really fantastic.Filet Mignon was good but not quite as good as the flank steak which had a lot more flavor as one might expect.The Salmon which was fried on one side was tender with a great crispy skin my wife adored.Serious failure was the french fries which were tired and not fresh. A serious failing in a french restaurant. One of my guests commented that MacDonalds were better.Service was good and the wine list had half bottles and the St Emilion I tried was delicious and only 20.00 for 350cl.We overall liked it and would go back especially because the wait staff were so charming ... but forewarned don't tolerate tired fries.
2	Not a good experience. Overcooked filet mignon which we sent back and got exactly the same again. Just gave up and ate it. Got some completely uneccesary sarcasm and hostility from the waiter. Missing items on order so party of 6 ate all at different times. Nice wine menu but tries far too hard for hipster.
4	A pretty bistro on a pedestrian street near a fountain.  Beautiful patio on a summer night.  Service was attentive and helpful and no objections to my dismal French.  I appreciated how some elderly and disabled patrons were given careful attention to find appropriate seating.Lovely fresh baguette with a nice house red set the stage for menu deliberations.  Started with duck rillette, which turned out to be really fancy minced duck salad with toast.  In retrospect, I would have gone with another appetizer, but I'm glad I tried the duck,  Next time, I'll be looking at the foie gras or the onion soup.The main course of salmon tartare with sweet potato fries was sublime. If superfresh, raw fish is your thing, this is a winner. Crispy sweet potato fries on the side were terrific.  Finished off with a dessert sampler of tarte tatin, creme brule, and a sorbet. Just lovely.
5	We ordered the froie gras and it was fabulous. The mussels with risotto were also excellent as was the daily special. Our server was attentive and we thoroughly enjoyed the entire dining experience. We will be back next time we are in Montreal.
4	Very good food. Nice atmosphere. Decent, inexpensive house red wine. Had macaroni and cheese with duck which didn't sound appetizing but the waitress sold it, and she was vindicated...
4	Came here to a packed restaurant at around 9 on a weekday, but thankfully we made reservations. I really enjoyed my steak tartare.  They definitely try to fill the plate with a lot of mediocre fries which was mostly left untouched. I tried the salmon entree and it was okay, but not anything too special. Service was spotty. We had to ask for bread and they didn't seem to check up on customers much, but they were nice enough. Seating can be cramped and table space is smal. We heard several glasses break throughout the night from people knocking them over. Pricier than I would have thought but it was still a nice dinner in a nice neighborhood.
2	1 star for being accommodating and seating us during peak time without a reservation. 1 star for the decent sangaria (I asked for white, but they brought a red one...oh well, it was not bad). The staff was running around the place like crazy. We started with the goat cheese salad, but the cheese was Brie (although the owner tried to assure us it was goat...no way!). Main course was file mignon....I know my steaks and that was at best a sirloin (bad quality sirloin). Well cooked but very chewy and not edible! The other course was an overlooked sole, tasted fresh, but very overlooked. Surprised by the 4-star Yelp rating. Disappointed this was our last dinner in MTL. Had a great dinning experience otherwise at L'express and Bonaparte.
5	We had three dishes:- duck (very good)- unilaterally cooked salmon (amazing)- dessert tasters (wow)We also had good wine and very good service.This place is just a must-be-there
4	Great location for dinner. Both the food and service was excellent. I would go again next time I am in Montreal.
4	This is such a cute bistro on a cute street.  We stopped here for lunch and were surprised we were only one of three tables here, but they must attract a night/dinner crowd instead.Our waiter was very nice and attentive and spoke enough English to help us out.  My mom ordered a beer that she did not like and he was very willing to get her something else.Here's what we had:- White fish baked in foil - I forgot the exact name, but with the veggies and sauce, this was amazing.  The fish was moist and the sauce complimented the fish and veggies very well.- Veal liver - served with potatoes.  This was a beautiful dish with nicely cooked liver and tasty potatoes - mashed but still with the texture of potato chunks.   Our party actually ordered two of these specials, and our waiter came with one and told us one burned so the kitchen was making a replacement for my husband.  It was worth the wait and we appreciated the honesty.- Salmon tartar - my brother ordered this and I had a taste.  Overall well seasoned and the entree portion was a good size- apple tar tatin - I was a bit disappointed in this.  Although what came tasted good, it was more of a cold apple pie than the hot caramelized apple puff pastry that I expected.Next time we visit Montreal, I'll come back here for dinner!
4	Excellent little french restaurant First of all, the location of this place is great. Right near the bars and clubs, you can easily walk down the street and find a place to have fun after dinner. Also, the restaurant has a nice open air design which will allow you to enjoy the nice weather outside. The food here was very good overall. The salad was nothing amazing but the french onion soup was a must have. I had french onion soup earlier in the day that was the best I have ever had... this was just as good. I ordered the duck and potatoes. It was a good meal although the duck could have been a bit more moist, it may have been cooked just a minute longer than I would have preferred. I've had better duck other places. The potatoes it came with were outstanding. Now, the shocking part of the meal was one I didn't order. The mac and cheese here is hands down the best I've ever had. Mix the mac and cheese with the duck and you have one of the most surprisingly delicious things ever. Highly recommend the french onion soup and mac and cheese. Don't miss it.
4	Super nice bistro and great service.  Our waitress was the only one on, and she took care of all of us.  Really good bread to start and a decent house red wine.  Duck was good.  Big portions!  And good espresso at the end (made by our waitress).  She was a trooper!
5	The most delicious French onion soup I've ever had, not to mention an excellent salad and great service. Plus a nice atmosphere and area. A definite go for or dinner
5	Made a last minute reservation for 7 there on Sat which they accommodated happily even when I called to bump it back a 1/2 hour when we were running late.  The place has a cool vibe.  Great food and good service.
4	We love spending a few days in Montreal and sampling the cuisine, on a recent visit we decided we were staying close enough ro Prince Arthur and for old times sake we would go there for dinner. Lucky for us we chose Les Deux Gamins. It did not disappoint, it is a lovely resturant with a warm friendly atmosphere. I have to say we decided to walk from the Hilton Garden Inn, it took us 25 minutes, unfortunately in a torrential rain, my hair looked like I had just walked out of the shower. We both wanted a salad meal, something light but tasty, my husband had the salad Nicose, it looked like a picture, the perfectly grilled tuna was outstanding. I had the salad with duck confit that too was very nicely done, great balanced dressing. We had no room for desert, but really wished we had, next time.Our only problem was the length of time it took to get our meal, if that could be remedied LDG would get 5 stars.
4	I had a fabulously leisurely 2.5 hour dinner here by my lonesome. During my short stay in Montreal, I searched Yelp for a reasonably priced authentic French bistro to satisfy my craving for all things indulgently French. Les Deux Gamins fit the description and I quickly made a reservation. I was greeted with lots of smiles and am glad I made a reservation because the bistro filled up quickly. The servers were very sweet and let me take my time deciding what to get. I started with the French onion soup due to the Yelp raves. I've decided that it's just not for me. Nothing against the soup here, I've just realized that I can't handle such large proportions of cheese. :'(. This is how I felt about poutine too...anyway, the soup was great for dipping the baquette slices :). The duck confit with scalloped potatoes fried in duck fat wins cheat meal of the year. It was too delicious for its own good! I also had a fillete de vin rouge, which was great. The creme brulee was too dense for my taste...I prefer smoothier and more delicately textured. There are also street musicians who play right across the restaurant so you get some lovely live entertainment while you relax on the patio. I would definitely come back next time I'm in town to have a patio dinner and try the salmon tartar and the famous mac n' cheese.
1	Really unfortunate circumstance where great food was overshadowed by absolutely abysmal service and poor communication. My girlfriend took me to this well-reviewed authentic French restaurant (God bless you babe, you were a wonderful date!), and I was really looking forward to good ol' Quebecan food. We had ordered the cheese platter as appetizer and shared both the salmon tartare and the duck confit with scalloped potatoes. The cheese platter was decent (albeit a little small) and the salmon tartare was well plated and fresh.Unfortunately, that was when the night took a turn for the worst. When the server brought me my dish, it was a completely different dish than I had ordered [tuna salad]. I politely waited as he scrambled to get the correct dish. By the time he brought the dish, it was a pulled pork dish over salad, also not what I had ordered. By this time, I had waited over 20 minutes while my girlfriend's dish had become cold and the sweet potato fries soggy. Finally, after 30 minutes of waiting, I finally received the correct dish, and it was amazing! But still had a bitter aftertaste from half an hour of waiting and no real apologizes from the staff.At the end of the dinner, we were not given a real explanation on why my meal was inaccurately delivered 3 times in a roll. And worst of all, they still charged me for the dish [although they took $2 off the price] and had the courage to ask for a 15% tip. If it weren't for my girlfriend politely asking me to stay calm, I would have ranted out loud for the horrible service.The food may have been good, but the service was so atrocious that I will NEVER come back.ps: We weren't the only people who got the wrong orders; there were at least 2 other families that ate there that night who also got the wrong plates.Food: 3 starsPrice: 3 starsService: unmentionable.
2	One of the few times yelp has steered me wrong. The atmosphere and location are great (tons of cute places for drinks and dessert after dinner) but the food here was mediocre at best. My husband order steak frites and I had the French onion soup, both staple dishes and hard to mess up. His steak was basically charred and my soup was completely flavorless (except for a ridiculous amount of black pepper). This screams tourist trap. Good spot for drinks and people watching, not so much for food.
5	My wife and I just eat here and loved it. We looked for a good French restaurant.The service was very efficiant. The French Onion soup was excellent. the Salmon, and the Tuna was one of the best. We shall come again next time in Montreal.
3	Super casual French Bistro on a great street.  Our server was incredible.  In a city with great french bistro's it's hard to give it more stars.  3 1/2 stars if it was possible.
5	Such a nice surprise.  We went here on our first evening in Montreal.  I was immediately drawn to the neighborhood and European style pedestrian street that Les Deux Gamins resides on.  Unfortunately, it was a rainy day so we didn't get to take advantage of the outdoor seating, but inside had an exceptional atmosphere.  The choices on the menu were delicious and more simple than some of the other restaurants I looked into and the service was attentive. The best part was that the prices were rather reasonable in my opinion.  I recommend this restaurant without any hesitation.  Best dining experience of our trip.
5	Great and delicious food! We had the beef tartara with fries and salad. Very yummy! :))
5	Great neighborhood bistro. Food is fantastic and service very good. Nice ambiance. Great and affordable wine selection. Relatively easy to get a good table.
4	Wonderful place in a great location.  I had the Mac & cheese with duck confit and it was to die for.  Good wine list and options.  Will be back next trip
5	Best birthday meal I've ever had (even though this was technically the night before). The foie gras with mango chutney was a nice start to my meal, which also included the Duck Confit, complete with potatoes fried in, what else, but even more duck fat! The house white was quite good, and a bargin at that. My girlfriend enjoyed her Cod, cooked to perfection in a foil packet, with a savory lemon butter sauce. The dessert sampler was very well done, with a selection of delectable sweets, and was easily splittable. The location further enhanced the meal, with incredibly talented street musicians playing throughout the two plus hours we spent enjoying our meal. The server was very polite and knowledgable to boot! I would definitely return, the next time I find myself in Montreal.
3	The owner did send me a very apologetic message almost right away and looked into our complaints. I can tell this restaurant has a lot of pride in their food and doesn't usually have these types of mishaps, and I appreciate that they took this seriously. Given the other glowing reviews, I think our experience was an outlier, and I would recommend you to try Les Deux Gamins and of course, let the management know if anything isn't up to par. It seem that they'll do their best to make it right.
4	nice cozey french restaurant atmosphere. no complaints...
5	Can not say enough about this place. Would give it 10 stars if I could. Speaking no French, the waiters were super helpful, especially with the wine menu. Ended up with an organic Cab Franc that was medium bodied, slightly dry and rich with dark fruit. Wish we had let it breathe a bit more to really open up. We shared the duck rillette and foie gras. Both were tasty, good sized portions.  My wife had the flank steak which was perfectly cooked and flavorful, and I had the Mac & quack. I have to agree with my fellow Yelpers here. This was the BEST mac & cheese I have ever tasted, even before adding the duck. Couldn't finish it because it was so rich but put up a good fight. I checked in on Yelp and got a free desert sampler for it! Tastiest apple pie I have had in a good while, along with dark chocolate mousse, ice cream and a tiny creme brulee. The perfect finish to a divine meal. We will definitely be back!
5	Delicious and affordable restaurant. worth it!
4	This is a really down-to-earth, quality French bistro...At first I was about to throw a major Quebecois tantrum when I was told they ran out of duck confit; I was SO in the mood for crispy duck confit :(BUT the onion soup was top notch, the filet mignon was very good (although perhaps a tad overcooked) and the mac n cheese was seriously THE BEST mac n cheese I have ever tasted. No cuisine does indulgence quite like French cuisine. I will post a pic...check it out.Also, the service was excellent...our server recommended a 2004 French red (blend) that he said was a 'great deal' for the price. And he was bang on. Great spot!
5	This was our last and easily our best dinner in Montreal. Showed up late and were seated immediately exactly where we wanted - next to the fireplace- where our waiter immediately started a fire for us. We enjoyed a strong cocktail that was recommended to us. The bread was the only disappointing part; it was cold and may have been as good as any supermarket bread, but was still tasty. Water never went empty.My wife ordered a dish similar to beef stew with some clearly French twists in its flavors. It was moist, tender and delicious. I ordered duck confit with Mac and cheese which was the BEST Mac and Cheese I think I ever had - creamy, cheesy, a nice baked crust and the duck was also a generous portion of delicious, non-greasy, fantastically flavored duck. Unfortunately we had no room for dessert- a true shame. With 1 cocktail, 2 entrees and tax, our bill was $68 Canadian before a well earned tip.The atmosphere was warm, romantic, intimate, just truly a fantastic experience.Overall, if I could give more stars, I would; this may be my favorite dining experience of all time.
2	Over-rated. While the place itself is charming with three floors of seating in an old building. The food was disappointing. The descriptions make it sounds wonderful like it will be a delight on the tongue, but it was seriously lacking seasoning. How does something contain duck fat and have no flavor? Husband got the cassoulet which had everything in it, duck confit, sausage, ham, beans in duck fat... sounds like it should taste good no? Well the beans were under cooked and there was no flavor. A dash of salt an pepper in the prep would have done wonders. All of our diners followed this same trend. The service was just ok at best with our waitress forgetting our table a few times due to the larger group she was managing. This I would have overlooked but also she hovered over my shoulder while using the handheld credit card payment reader. I mean literally watching the screen and pointing so as to force a tip. The display is in English a language to which I am native and fluent and though I am from the US this does not make me a moron. I hate this and it is bad form. I understand if you don't want to leave the card reader thing unattended, what would I do with it if I stole it? Seriously. But just take a respectful two or three steps back from the table. Let the person have some small illusion of privacy. Hovering like a vulture over someone's shoulder is rude.
4	being in montreal, i decided it was finally time to try a french restaurant. i have no standards of authenticity or any of those claims to stake down while i write this since this is my first and only time to have ever dined at a french restaurant (thus far.)i went on the recommendation of yelp reviews that i should try two things: french onion soup and mac and cheese (preferably with duck confit,) and thus i did.french onion soup: delicious. the whole thing was wonderful. i've had french onion soup before but not like this. i think particularly is was whatever kind of charred flavor was brought out by burning the cheese. it was pretty amazing though. i would have went back for this alone.mac and cheese w/ duck confit: it was like swimming through a sea of cream and pasta. it was so thick it could stand on it's own. the cheese on top was another 1000 calories of yum. i couldn't finish it though. it was far too rich and the serving, enormous. the duck confit on top was a nice touch -- a kind of dry yet savory morsel. went well with the m&c.also, i would recommend the warm goat cheese salad. good starter. seating is TIGHT despite the multiple floors of this place. getting here early might get you a seat, but the service goes down hill the busier it gets. there were only three in the waitstaff the night we were there. they were SLAMMED as in literally speed walking.tip: do not overload on the bread. the servings are american-sized portions.
4	Good spot to get French cuisine in Plateau area of Montreal, especially if you plan to go out on St. Laurent afterwards.We got the escargots and split the mac n cheese w/ duck confit. Both were very good.As other reviewers commented, service was slow. However, I am convinced this is more of a cultural thing, rather than bad service. Going into the night, I made sure that when the waitress did come by, we let her know everything we wanted in advance.Overall, cute vibe, great location and food was good.
3	For french food, it was a regular food.. not bad and nothing out of the ordinary.
4	Delicious food, great service and a real fireplace. Fresh bread served with appetizers. Solid place to go.
4	The service is very good. We checked in at yelp and got the free dessert. I like the taste of escargot very much. I Even dipped my bread to finish the sauce. We order lamb and beef bourguigon. My husband like the beef. The lamb is tender but I don't like the creamy mixture very much. It tastes not bad though. The food portion is huge which is good.
5	Wow. I made reservations and went here with my friend on Saturday evening and was very pleased with my choice.The interior is very intimate and romantic and old style, with Victorian hex tiles on the floor of the main part where we were sitting looking out to the street from the garage pane windows.  We ordered escargot to share, my friend had the lamb shank for her main, and I had the duck confit with a glass of the Minervois region red. The escargots were excellent as the sauce, which was likely some red wine reduction, had a lot of flavour with entire cloves of garlic and diced tomatoes. The lamb was tender, as was the duck, but the parsnip mash was particularly good, and stood out in my mind. I preferred the lamb, but my friend preferred the duck because it retained the duck flavour well, so I guess it's a matter of personal preference, but needless to say, we enjoyed both the mains. As a note, the red was full bodied, not particularly dry, and went nicely with the duck.For dessert, we shared a creme brulee, for which the custard was not overly egg-y or sweet, though I found it a little odd that the custard was cold when served. I am used to having it at room temperature. Nonetheless, the flavour was good, and the portion generous.The service was probably what put me over the top for this place. We had a main male server (I wish I knew his name...) and a female server to assist on the side. They were the right amounts of attentive, and very, very professional and kind. I am always a bit apprehensive about going to French restaurants when I am only able to speak English, because sometimes I get poor service on account of my language. Both our servers were friendly and attentive, and the guy even gave us dessert on the house! Terrific dining experience.
5	We flew into Montreal late, ended up lugging our luggage up snow covered streets for a few blocks, and finally realized we really were hungry.  Looking around, we found this place here on Yelp, and decided this was the place to go.  I called up, and even tho' we were 30 minutes from the last serving, they gladly took our reservation and we headed out (taxi to the restaurant got us there just past 10).  We ordered a few different things, including the snails, the duck confit, and a nice bottle of wine.  Honestly, I can't imagine any choices coming out bad (except maybe for onion soup - those of you who've read my other reviews know I dislike onions gross) - BUT if you're into that kind of ingredient, I'm sure they do a stellar job with that too.    The staff was friendly and bilingual (thank goodness, rusty french + travel exhaustion = "ou est la biblioteuqe?"), and overall an incredibly pleasant experience. I would definitely recommend and go back here the next time I'm in Montreal.Side note: I've updated this review to clarify a few things (like my personal distaste for onions is in no means a reason to not go here - LOL), so I'm also going to do two things - update the stars, having remembered that that our server did go out of her way to answer a few extra questions about non-restaurant related things to two out-of-towners, and also because the interior decor was also a treat to the eyes (next time I'd like to sit in one of the other floors to take in even more of it!)
5	We wanted a traditional French Canadian meal and we followed the positive reviews on Yelp to Les Deux Gamins, which served us a super romantic, cozy meal.  It was a Sunday night and the weather was horrific (freezing cold, ice everywhere) so Les Deux Gamin was very empty compared to how other reviewers described it.  I would recommend going on Sunday- the tourists have mostly gone home!  We were seated right next to the fireplace which was really cute and nice and warm.  We basically ordered the richest things on the menu- French onion soup, steak frites, and the most incredible macaroni and cheeese with duck confit.  Seriously, I cannot say enough about this mac and cheese.  It was rich and luxurious and the duck confit was dry and salty and contrasted so well with the creaminess of the cheese.  They paced our dishes well and we had a really nice fireside meal.  They had a Yelp deal for a free dessert but the creme brulee was just ok.  It was more like a chunky pudding and had been bruleed earlier and refrigerated so the top was not warm or crisp anymore.  The flavor was good but we honestly should probably just have skipped it altogether after dinner.  Overall we really enjoyed our meal at Les Deux Gamins and I would probably travel to Montreal again just to have the mac and cheese with duck confit.
4	I ate here on my last night in Montreal, as I wanted to try an authentic French-Canadian meal that wasn't too expensive like some of the other ones in the city. I was impressed not only by the reviews I had read, but also by their use of OpenTable and the Yelp offer for the free dessert.The restaurant itself has a romantic, cute-ish ambience that would be really nice for a date. I got the french onion soup as an appetizer, which was pretty amazing - definitely worth getting. For my main course, I tried the duck confit mac & cheese. This was also really good, but also really rich - I couldn't finish it and had to take it home. I checked in on Yelp to get a free creme brulee, which I thought was quite good as well.My only criticism is that it took a while for the food to come, and it was a Monday night so the restaurant was pretty empty. However, all in all, I definitely recommend the restaurant.
5	I actually came to this restaurant probably over a year ago, but I have thought of my meal many times since then!  The steak frites was wonderful.  I want to go back but I am from out of town and it is far!It was such a lovely experience.  I would recommend the restaurant and the steak frites!  Simply prepared, but simply perfect.
5	Great pedestrian street front restaurant.The three levels that open up to the street are great places to kick back and enjoy dinner and drinks.Food was great with ample portions and the drink / wine selection was fabulous. Service was a little slow but I think there was a shortage in wait staff this night.....overall, I would go back again.
4	The service was friendly, but very leisurely.  Very good food, though.  The onion soup was pretty good, and the cassoulet was amazing.  Other people in my party greatly enjoyed the duck confit.
5	I was in Montreal for business, and found this restaurant on yelp.  I brought my colleague along, and from the moment we walked in, I was blown away.  I started off with the escargot, which was properly seasoned, and was absolutely amazing.  For my entree I had the Beef Bourginion, and it was a PERFECT dish for the cold Montreal evening.  I was treated to a free desert, and it truly capped an amazing meal.  I cannot wait to return to this great city, and enjoy another amazing meal at Le Deux Gamins.
4	Went on a Friday night and the restaurant was kinda quiet, although it was 9 pm. For me, it was still quiet considering it is the weekend. Had the french onion soup. Yum! My friend had the escargot. I think it was a little too salty. As for main dishes, my friend had duck confit and I had lamb shank. The lamb fell off the bone. Tender and juicy! wonderful! The duck was good as well, I only had one bite, but she told me her dish was good too. For dessert, we had the lava cake. The cake part didn't have much taste. Not impressed. Service was good. The waiter was friendly and checked on us a good amount, no complaints there. Yes, I would come back.
4	Went to this restaurant after searching Yelp and really enjoyed myself! I went with a friend to grab some dinner. We walked in on a Wednesday night around 8 or 9. The place was rather empty, but we didn't mind as we were happy to be seated quickly and have a good dinner. There was 1 guy manning the place, so he had his hands full. Needless to say, service was slow. However, the bread was DELICIOUS! My father owned an Italian bread bakery throughout my life, so I know good bread. This bread was brick-oven baked for certain and was fresh from the morning. It was delicious! We asked for a second basket! Then we ordered some drinks, which were nothing to write home about. Lastly, I got a salad with warm goat cheese, which was great if you like goat cheese! My friend got French Onion soup and a side salad, which she said were both very good. I definitely recommend this place for great French food, however the service was a bit slow and it didn't seem to be very popular.
4	Not gonna lie, we had our doubts about this place. Service looked like it was going to be painfully slow, and we wondered if it was just a tourist trap. But they totally erased all doubts. The waiter was sweet as can be, and the food was awesome. Way better steak frites than the one we had a famous place in Paris, and everything else we ordered (green salad, french onion soup, and duck confit) were outstanding as well. Happy and full, a perfect meal.
5	The cassoulet was as good if not better than what I had in Paris, Nov 2013. Much of the staff, wait and kitchen are from France. This bistro is as good as it gets in North America .
2	Came here since the reviews sounded outstanding. We ordered the filet mignon and duck confit with vegetable. Service was great but I wouldn't recommend it over so many other great restaurants available  in Montreal. It kind of felt like a tourist attraction and the food quality is not that remarkable. Not much flavor and no creativity. Not worth the price.
2	We ordered fillet mignon and duck confit. Service was very good, although our food took some time to come out. Fillet mignon was very tasteless and chewy. Duck was too dry and a bit smelly. My guess is they used frozen meat. In my opinion, the food here is not very good considering its price tags.
3	Had duck confit tarragon muster on seasonal vegetables, chocolate lava cake with ice cream. The duck is a bit salty and lava cake is very good. Service is ok, however, after I ordered my desert while a waitress pick up my plate. While I'm waiting for the cake which takes 12 min to prepare, the other two came  over and asked what want. They should have checked the computer .
5	Really amazing food and lovely atmosphere. It was such a nice environment to celebrate our engagement. Great food. Really good wine. Wonderful service.
4	Service is good. Dishes are good.It's just a little too oily, but it's the culture, I guess.
3	We came in on a weekday and there weren't a lot of people. We took a seat beside the windows and this place screamed a "cozy, date-y" vibe. We ended up ordering their grilled flank steak with peppercorn sauce, and their grilled salmon florentine. The waiter was very pleasant and eager to explain to us everything on the menu. He was a delight. The criticism I have would be that wait was far too lonnngggg. It got to a point where we were stuffing ourselves with bread because we got so hungry from waiting. I would say expect around an hour for your food to be served. This was even more frustrating because the restaurant wasn't even that full. Regardless, when our food finally came, I have to say I was pretty please on my part. That peppercorn sauce puts the cherry on the steak and it certainly brought out nostalgic memories in my palette. The salmon was very light and fresh and a definite contrast to the steak. I would want to come back here to try out more of their menu. However, that excruciating long wait time would need some improvement.
5	I highly recommend this restaurant--escargots were huge and accompanied with a delicious sauce. We also got the filet mignon, cassoulet, and lamb shank, all were fabulous. The creme brulee was also perfectly made. Also love the location--Prince Arthur is a cute, petit rue and sitting outside with good food and wine was a great way to spend our evening.
3	We arrived here on a Thursday evening. The ambiance was very nice. Let's cut to the chase. We ordered french onion soup, foie gras, beef tartar, and duck confit. Presentation was lovely. The only dish I enjoyed was the duck confit which was fall off the bone good and the veggies complimented it very well. Now as for the beef tartar, I ordered it because I saw so many people mention it in the reviews. It lacked seasoning. Not what I thought it would be. French onions soup was generic. I tried foie gras for the first time here and didn't like it. I'm not deducting points for that however because maybe I won't like foie gras anywhere else either. Service was great but nothing stood out here that will bring me back.
5	Excellent food, service, atmosphere, and price.  We had the foie gras with fig as an appetizer followed by salmon and duck l'orange for main courses.  All of it was excellent.  The beer I ordered on tap was also excellent.
5	Food was great! We ordered Duck confit, Beef tartar and Creme Brulee - was amazing and cooked to perfection!Be very careful with the parking around this area.
3	Service is good. Neighbourhood is good. But the food is rather not creative and touristy. Their house wine is not bad though.
4	Service was really good. Waitress took her time explaining the deals. Food was above average but this place is all about the ambiance. Live buskers across the street, friendly locals, and a very European feel. Recommended.
2	Food was great but as some have mentioned, the food take days to come out.  When we were seated the menu and the water were placed there immediately. However from then on, everything was just agonizingly slow.  The waitress didn't ask for orders till 10mins after we seated. The bread basket didn't come out till 15mins after that. Our starter came out more than 30mins after order and our entrees took more than a full hour.  As we were being starved to death i noticed it was the same on other tables. The restaurant was not even full!  I was there on July 12th, and any efforts to speed up the orders was just lip service.  An aspect of being a good restaurant is the pace of service and this place fails on that end.
5	Loved it. My wife and I visited this beautiful city expecting to find some of the best French cuisine outside of Paris and this place is it. I ordered the lamb shoulder and it was perfectly cooked plus a great portion. My wife went with the duck (her first taste of duck ever) and she loved every bite. The service was great and the restaurant itself was very accommodating considering it was a Saturday and we didn't have a reservation. The building looks like a firehouse but the interior is very clean and stylish. This is not the cheapest place in Montreal but sometimes it's worth the extra few bucks for a quality meal.
4	The food here not only tasted really good, but it was also presented really well. I especially remember the escargot I had. I do feel, however, that this restaurant is a little overpriced for the quality of ambiance and food. I didn't fully enjoy all the food I had, and the interior, especially towards the direction of the bathroom, was slightly sub-par for a restaurant of this level. But overall, I enjoyed my dinner, and the waiters were extremely attentive and efficient.
5	This place was great! I had the Duck Shepherd's Pie and it was fantastic. We had just gotten off the train from a long trip and we're looking for a nice relaxed place to eat. We definitely got it here. Visit if you can.
4	Had a great time here. Food was excellent and atmosphere was great sitting outside.
4	Highly recommend the duck shepards pie and foie gras appetizer. Our server was pretty attentive and very pleasant. The location is great. Sit outside and maybe you'll get lucky and someone will be playing live music across the road.
4	Dinner was generally very good.  The place seemed to be understaffed but our waitress Camille turned out to be an excellent server.  We had a great bottle of southern French red wine which was served lightly chilled; it was delicious and well valued at $31 Canadian. We had steak tartar and salmon gravlax, which were excellent. For main courses, we had filet mignon served rare, which was excellent, and duck confit, which was a little dry on the inside to our taste, while the outside was not that crispy. However, the flavor was still good. We finished the night with a great molten lava cake and caramel ice cream.  Overall a very enjoyable evening
5	We ate here when visiting for the grand prix. Being from Wisconsin, we don't get a lot of French food. Now I don't really know how authentic any of this was, but that isn't the point. The food is absolutely amazing and the atmosphere both inside and out is very classy. I had the duck shepard's pie. Furthermore, my expectations of service in a French-speaking area were pretty low. But the server definitely impressed and now I leave my stereotypes at the door. Call in advance for a table because this place was crazy busy on a Saturday night!
5	We had dinner here Saturday night.  What an awesome experience.  Both the service and fair were outstanding.   The bistro is located on a quaint walking street on the Plateau area of the city.  It was an easy walk from our hotel downtown which I must also say was quite pleasant.   I should also say my wife and I were traveling with three kids.  Everyone loved the experience and we'll definitely return the next time we are in Montreal.
5	our first visit and we loved it, but we didnt think any duck delicacies are for us
5	i and my friend came here on Sunday night, we come all the way from new york for weekend , we r not a big friend of french cushine and we wanna try something different, we r surprised the great good in this place, here u will find nice service, friendly even if u dont speak french like us, lol great food and wont empty your wallet, LOL, tons of must try foodie, hard to find parking for outcomer, worth a trip
5	A group of three, made reservations online (2 hours prior), got seated promptly at the table we requested of the waiter. We hade come here for a good steak and a French atmosphere. We were not disappointed. Two strip steaks and a filet were well prepared, pleasantly served, and attentively checked in on. The atmosphere wasn't peasant French, it was casually sophisticated without being over the top from trying too hard. The waitress explained in detail 4 different dishes to a reluctant decider in our party, and betrayed no impatience at all. The wine selection was suitable to the dishes served. The portions of meat may seem small to an American (like myself), but these are not small portions in France which is sort of what you go to a French restaurant for, right? The prices are not cheap, but are appropriate to the service, atmosphere, and food quality. Sidebar; the fries are fantastic, thin crispy and fluffy.
4	The French Onion soup was very nice, with ample amounts of cheese and bread to soak up the delicious broth.  Onions were bursting with flavour.  The duck shepherd's pie was rich and nicely balanced with the mixed green salad.  Duck confit was a little on the salty side, but delicious nonetheless.  Would definitely come back again.
4	My family had a wonderful dinner on our last day in Montreal.  The escargot and the warm goat cheese salad was fabulous.  My girls loved the duck shepherd's pie, which was well-balanced with the fresh salad.  What impressed us was the presentation of each dish, including the desserts.  This is on our list of favorite restaurants in Montreal now.
4	The restaurant is located in the super cute area of rue Prince Arthur, where the streets are blocked off for pedestrians only. Great for al fresco dining and people watching! We made dinner reservation earlier in the day, but it was pretty quiet on a Monday night. The service was great- very polite even to us tourists with the perfect amount of attention throughout the meal. The waiter recommended the steak and the orange duck, both of which we tried and were happy with. For dessert, we got a complimentary creme brulee with a yelp check-in (thanks, yelp!). The food was good and tasty, but nothing to die for or crave-worthy. But paired with exceptional service and a comfortable relaxing atmostphere, this place gets 4 stars in my book! Definitely worth a visit. If I could go again, I'd try other things like escargot and french onion soup- if only I could've eaten it all in one sitting!
5	French Onion Soup and Duck Confit!
5	This is a great little French restaurant on prince Arthur street. My gf and I go there once in a while and we've never been disappointed. I would definitely recommend the salmon tartare, and the creme brulee. This is also one of the rare places on prince Arthur that isn't BYOW, and they have a decent selection of wines.
3	The duck was amazing but the service was really lacking. We had to actually ask for our food when they forgot about us after almost an hour wait without any apology.The location is lovely, we sat outside and enjoyed live music. The tuna salad was disgusting (worst one I have tasted actually) but the salmon tartar was delicious!
5	I love the Latin Quarter of Montreal. I wish there were more great restaurants there like Les Deux Gamins. The menu and wines were great. We especially like the duck dishes. They were kind enough to create a vegetarian dish for one of us that was not on the menu.
4	I really enjoyed this place. The outdoor seating is great and our waiter was very friendly and attentive.We shared the French onion soup, it was excellent. And we also shared the large warm goat cheese salad, also fantastic. The goat cheese is thickly spread in a thin piece of bread that has been lightly drizzled with honey vinegar. Delicious.Highly recommended.
4	I dined earlier this week for the first time with my family of foodies at Les Deux Gamins.   We decided to go with the tasting menu, which did not disappoint. To start we had a cream of parsnip & eggplant soup topped with a dollop of creme fraiche. The perfect begining as the temperature had plumeted that day. This was followed by a tomato, bocconcini cheese salad with roasted shallots dressed in a light vinaigrette - very flavourful. The escargots and mushroom dish infused with garlic was complemented with a wedge of puff pastry - a nice touch.  The perfectly cooked filet mignon atop garlic mashed potatoes was accompanied by roasted carrots & broccolini. Dessert was an interesting choice. A dark, dense chocolate (almost fudge-like) cake served on a pool of warmed caramel sauce garnished with popcorn!  Our wonderful meal was capped off with a glass of port.Our knowledgable waiter recommended some great pairings from their private importation wine list which we found well priced.During the course of the evening we learned that this was a brand new menu from the brand new Chef. Originally from southern France, and more recently from the reputable Chuck Hughes restaurant Garde Manger. Throughout the evening he ventured from the kitchen to speak with patrons- something you see far too little of in Montreal restaurants.Aside from updating the menu, we were advised that further improvements/changes are in the works. I feel any & all will add much to this establishment. I look forward to returning to see how the restaurant evolves.
4	Our meal at Les Deux Garmins was our favorite while in Montreal. We were four adults and ate at the restaurant on a very quiet Monday evening in mid-September. The restaurant is located in a very nice little pedestrian area just off Sherbrooke; good people watching. They have a nice seating area outside, but we ate inside as it was a bit chilly. A cool Monday may have contributed to the sparse crowd, but we did eat at 6:30.Everything that we had was very good (including best bread we ate in Canada). We started with Escargot in Puff Pastry and Foie gras with roasted black figs. For our entrees we had the Duck confit l'orange and vegetables and the Filet mignon, mushroom sauce and truffle oil, boulangere potatoes and we had a creme brulee to polish of the meal. Accompanying our meal we had the Seguin-Manuel Bourgogne "Pinot Noir", which was a terrific companion to all that we ate. Everything was excellent and very satisfying, although the dessert didn't have the hard carmelized top we're used to. Escargot was pretty light, foie gras was rich and buttery, the duck had a delectable orange syrup that enhanced the richness of the meat and the filet was fork tender. An excellent meal at a lovely little restaurant.We are from Texas, so not too likely we'll be in the neighborhood any time soon, but if we are, this will definitely be the first restaurant on the list!
5	What a WONDERFUL experience.First of all, the surrounding community is very charming. We sat out in the street, basically, which was perfect because of the ideal weather and the very European feel of the streets. As English speaking Americans, we were pleased to find how open to staff (and fellow guests) were to communicating with us in English. Some of them had to try a little harder than others, but everyone had an awesome and welcoming attitude. The service was second to none.First- the bread. You would think every shop in Montreal would have great French bread... but this is not always true. Les Deux Gamins had the best bread of our trip. We had the house salad to start with, which was stellar, fresh veggies, and unique flavors. It included kale, which I thought was impossible to like. Turns out, kale can be quite delicious. The special was lamb shank, which my girlfriend had. It fell off the bone (delicious) and was accompanied by perfectly cooked sides. I had the flank steak, a normal item on their menu, and it was also perfectly cooked. For most of the meal (which in total lasted 2 hours, because it was relaxed and food/conversation kept flowing) we spoke with the French ex-pat who was sitting beside us. Turns out she was a friend of the staff. She helped us interpret some aspects of the menu and select the perfect bottle of wine. By the end of the meal, we were too satisfied to consider a desert, so our waiter insisted on giving us a free yogurt/sorbet dish. It was possibly the best part of the entire meal. We could see why he insisted we try it. After such a heavy meal, the freshness of the fruit flavors was just the pick-me-up needed to trek back to the Metro.A few more words of the service: The chef went to great lengths to welcome us every time we came in contact. And, in addition to cheerful conversation with fellow guests and staff, our server at one point even helped my girlfriend and I convert our names into French. In total, it was a perfect two hours of working on our French, meeting new friends from around the world, and eating perhaps some of Montreal's finest French food.
5	The atmosphere is great, and the food is just as good.  The service staff were very friendly and helpful.  It's like a little island of Europe in Montreal.  I'd definitely come back again.  Try the French Onion Soup.
5	I came here with a large group of friends (10) so it was a good idea to book a reservation ahead of time. The waitress was extremely courteous. The restaurant gives off a very cozy vibe, with a patio. I had ordered escargot and pastry and the steak tartare. My friend across from me ordered the foie gras with figs and duck confit. Let's start with the escargot. It was amazing! I love how the flavour of the dish isn't taken away by the sauce. The steak tartare was also really good. My friends foie gras was pretty rich in flavour and as for the duck confit - he liked very much. Portion sizes are surprisingly decent...I couldn't finish everything. I would have tried the creme brulee - If I wasn't so stuffed! Overall this place has it all. Great food. Great environment. Great service. Would definitely recommend.
3	Perhaps it is the hype from all the reviews, or how hungry I was, or how beautifully the food was displayed, but I was not wow'ed the way I thought I would be. The food was enjoyable and the service was nice. I particularly enjoyed the escargot and the ceme brulee (despite it's thicker than expected crust). The portions are rather large, so come hungry! The service is good, and it helps to have a reservation. Prices are quite reasonable.
2	Our meal here was definitely not what we were expected. The Good:-The lamb shank was excellent (5/5)- soft, tender, full of flavour-The waiter explained all our options thoroughly so we knew all of our menu choices-The community this restaurant is situated in is very cute and made for a good walk after the mealThe Bad:-We waited for an hour for our meal...our waiter only offered us bread AFTER we received our meal..really!? -The french onion soup was very, very salty- I couldn't even finish mine!-One member from our party got diarrhea from their Mussels (Daily special)We won't be back.
4	Excellent ambience and food.
1	Wow. We were seated upstairs and then ended up leaving because I guess they forgot about us. Hard to believe as they weren't super busy. I have to say we were very disappointed as my wife was looking forward to trying the tartare. Even when we got up and left no one seem to notice. The one star is not a reflection of the food but because I am forced to give a rating. Disappointed.
4	so it is thanksgiving (american) which means plenty of football, macy's parade, charlie brown thanksgiving special and of course, the thanksgiving dinner. in previous years, i never had the chance to go here for their famous thanksgiving dinner menu as i was busy with stuff and/or they were sold out by the time i remembered their special menu. well, this year, not to be outdone and finally putting an end to pushing it back, i made sure to rsvp a spot via opentable. easy breezy beautiful covergirl!made my way to the place mid afternoon (around 3ish) for the eagerly awaited dinner. first thing that hit me, it was DEAD! i really mean DEAD! i was the only one.. but i did get plenty of space to sit at.. talk about deflating the balloon. i guess this year will be a bad one..anyway, as for the menu, i only had a choice between the pumpkin orange soup and the autumnal salad as the rest of the menu is traditional thanksgiving dinner (turkey and pumpkin pie). went with the soup as its a bit breezy outside. good choice!the pumpkin soup was velvety and the hint of orange in the background was simply lovely. if i could, i would only get a big bowl of that soup, some baguette toasts and a glass of red and i'd be totally happy!for the main, it was roasted turkey, mashed potato, cranberries sauce, sweet corn bread, green beans, gravy. turkey was moist and flavorful enough. the mashed was ok, could have use seasoning. i tried it with the gravy but it didn't stood out much. the cranberries sauce as well as the corn bread were the highlights of the sides. sweet crispy bread, the tart sour sauce, it paired fine with the turkey.as for dessert, a slice of pumpkin pie with a dole of whipped cream. the pumpkin filling wasn't too sweet, the crust on the other hand was underwhelming. the side crust was as flaky and good as you'd expect from a good pie but the bottom crust was on the soggy side. i'd even say that is was probably under baked as the side browned faster than the bottom crust.all in all, despite certain flaws, it was a pretty good meal. as for the ambiance, it was dead so i can't comment on how it'd be if its packed and service wise, being the only one, good service but you know, i was the only one. very hard to mess up service!
1	Turned us away at 920pm. They closed early. They kind of ruined our dinner after travelling all day. Now it's too late to find anywhere else. Really horrible businesses practice. I could see closing ten or fifteen minutes early, but nearly an hour when you have potential customers in your doorway?Amateur hour. Don't waste your time, you'll end up eating sandwiches at 930 pm because they screwed you by closing early with a smile and a shrug.
4	Our first French restaurant in Montreal. The food is very good, and large portion. Service is also very good!
4	One of the few French restaurants open on a Monday. That said they were certainly not ready for a large group of tourists to show up! Food took forever, and the waiter did his best to accommodate us although he probably understood about 60% of my English. Can't argue with the quality of the food though. Everybody left happily satisfied with their meal despite the long wait times. Will hope to come back on a future visit!
