3	This was my third time here and first eating at the bar.  The bar area is awesome, granite table top, good wine selection, lots of comfy seating, and a big bathroom right off of the bar with real towels.  There is enough seating at the bar for about 9 and other bar seating hightops and couches for about 15.  It's an intimate bar.  It also has a seperate entrance than the restaurant fyi, Ziggy is the headbartender and is really good, a true pro, the others like Joe are just 20 somethings figuring it out.  Unfortuantely, Ziggy wasn't at the bar most of the time and I found myself asking for refills instead of being asked, not good.  Most of the folks at the bar are like me, guys in ties by themselves who want better than hotel food.  We ordered three appetizers that were all four star quality, but really pricey.  I ordered the filet on filet, which was a carpaccio and tartare of prime filet, served with a quail egg and a nice garlic aoili (sp?), as good as any in the city.  Steven ordered the lobster mac, which was better than most and you could actually taste chunks of lobster as well as the short rib.  The short rib was cooked perfectly, moist, rich delicious.  These apps were around $13 each which is I guess okay, even though portions are tiny.  However, a big miss on the entrees.  I ordered the elysian fields lamb, which was undercooked, and maybe a 2oz portion (FOR $42!!, WTF!).  It was served with a ice cold puree of something indistinguishable and maybe two baby onions.  This totally could have been just an appetizer portion and not a very good one at that, disappointing.  Steven ordered the filet, which was a reasonable size (4 oz. I'd guess) for $34 with a few potatoes.  It was good, but not memorable.  Overall this place probably deserves 2.5 stars.  I should have stopped after the apps'.  I didn't pay, so I'm not sure if the wine was pricey, but if it was anything like the tiny overpriced entrees' I'm sure it was.
5	i've been puzzling over how to write this review for weeks.... there are far too many cliches that i can fall into when summarizing how great my experience was at this lovely restaurant. how can i avoid getting lyrical and poetic about the original, creative and fantastic food? how do i describe the friendly, informed service without sounding like every other wanna-be reviewer on this site? how do i describe a dining experience in a city that for the most part is totally and undeservedly underrated? i don't know if i can pop out  a unique review, but i can tell you this: this has to be one of the best meals i've had in a long, long time. better than a lot that i've had in some top-tier cities like new york, los angeles and london. there was no pretense, the flavor combinations were unique and outstanding, the service was impeccable. i would high recommend the surf n' turf (a remarkable combination of pork belly, seared scallop and tempura onion) and the risotto (which is so delicious and rich that the portion size is perfect). on this note,  i would also suggest not listening to the first review. the portion sizes are fine. if you placed them all of your dishes they would fill a large plate. the food is served individually so that you can enjoy the unique experience of the individual dish. this is food that is absolutely prepared with love.
4	My dining companions and I came to Nine On Nine because someone told us it was the "best new restaurant" in the city.  I don't know what the other restaurants are like here, but this was pretty damn good!We each started out with tasty cocktails and I opened with the summer salad, full of really nice and tasty peas!  For my entree, I had the barramundi, which was nicely prepared.  My dining companions each had the scallops which must have been pretty good because they both devoured their dinners quickly.We polished everything off with the bread pudding and a selection of cheeses, both of which were quite yummy.  And to top it off, our server was really nice, engaging and pleasant.  Definitely a good dining experience, even if we did feel under-dressed!
5	By far one of the best meals I have ever had, in Pittsburgh or otherwise.  My dining companions and I had the 6 course meal, which was definitely worth the money.  Our six courses consisted of:1. Hamachi sashimi2. Diver scallops3. Rabbit stew4. Sea Bass5. Quail6. Banana creme bruleeEverything was absolutely fantastic, from the service to the ambiance to the food itself.  The sommelier made a great wine selection, which was tricky, given the variety of food we were having.  All in all, absolutely excellent.  I plan on coming back here a lot more (when it's not on my tab).  Spendy!  But well worth it.
5	Over the years, Pittsburgh has developed some great dining options. However, none of them have ever approached the complexity and sheer amazement of Kevin Sousa's Alchemy Dinner in the Doubletree Hotel. After attending 2 of these extraordinary ventures into the world of molecular gastronomy (an earlier crazy 25-course version and a later more sophisticated 12-course version) I felt that this was the greatest thing to ever happen to Pittsburgh dining. Unfortunately, Alchemy ended when Chef Sousa departed the Doubletree Hotel and Pittsburgh lost the most avant garde dining experience ever to grace the city.Fortunately for us, Chef Sousa has (at least for now) reappeared at Nine on Nine downtown. My wife and I recently contacted him about arranging a special dinner for us and he graciously put together a 9-course tasting menu with wine pairings. We were seated right in front of the glass looking into the kitchen so we could see all of the platings. The wine pairings were extremely generous.  I apologize that I can't remember the wine names but it had been a long day as our flight was delayed getting into the Burgh. In a nutshell and from what I can remember, here's the way the dinner went:1st: salmon tartare, cilantro, ponzu2nd: scallop sashimi, jalapeno, avocadoWine pairing: prosecco3rd (my wife's favorite): seared fois-gras, seared tuna4th: venison, cinnamon, nutmeg, beef tartare with bacon powderWine pairing: meritage5th (my personal favorite): squab, butternut squash soup6th: lavender-smoked rabbitWine pairing: chardonnay7th: sea bass8th: lamb, cassouletWine pairing: cabernet sauvignon9th: banana chocolate dessert creation that looked like a modern-art sculptureWine pairing: sauternesThis ended up being a wonderful dinner and one of the the best dinners (outside of Umi, which is great but a completely different style) that we've had in Pittsburgh since Alchemy. The final price ended up being $187/person. That is certainly not cheap by Pittsburgh standards, but we felt was very fair given the outstanding quality and presentation of the food (and they were quite generous with the wine).Those looking for an outstanding fine dining experience in Pittsburgh should not miss Kevin Sousa's tasting menu at Nine on Nine.
4	Pate, hanger steak, reasonably priced wine list, decent service. Those are memories of a great lunch there.Lunch is a better vibe & cheaper than the cultural district night crush , in my opinion.
4	Good for you "Nine on NIne".  I'm really happy I have a reason to update my review and add another star. It's fitting that I wrote the first review for this joint almost a year ago and 12 short months later there is marked improvement in food qualilty for price.  The space remains beautiful and the staff has gotten even better with the addition of Angel who last worked at "Dish" in the southside.  She's a true pro and knows how to make a good dirty martini.  My review really pertains mostly to "Bar NIne" which is off of the main dining room and has a smaller bar menu.  I'm also going to focus this review mainly on the food since I noted ambiance and servie prior.  I'm not familiar with the current chef (Rick DeShantz), but I know he's not the chef who prepared my food the last time I was here and they may have had a few chefs the past couple of years including a brief stint of talented chef (Kevin D'Sousa) which I think has had a few stints including red room and a few weeks at this place.  I was here at about 730 on Tuesday after spending some time at the new downtown office site.  Gus, Tom and I found plenty of open seating at the bar.  They stuck mostly with beer (pretty good selection of micros/imports) and I had a stiff dirty martini and a glass of great shiraz (two hands I think?), a little pricey at $15 a glass, but this really isn't the kind of place you should go on a budget.  We started with a nice generous selection of three or four cheeses.  I don't recall the exact types, but they were great quality cheeses, served room temperature with a little fruit.  The price of $15 was also pretty good for what we got.  I was at mio in aspinwall a few weeks ago and got a similiar cheese plate with less quantitiy for $25.  Next we tried the "Kobe" sliders which were really amazing.  The meat was extremely flavorful cooked medium rare and served with braised short rib (very rich and tender).  They also had some crispy shallots (their version of onion rings I guess).  The only thing missing is that Gus asked for one without the blue cheese and unfortunately they didn't serve any with cheese.  We also tried the pate which was very rich and a good sized portion of rich flavorful well seasoned chicken liver some pickled vegetables and roasted toast points.  We had to ask for a few more toast points, but not a big deal and no extra cost.  Next we moved on to the "salmon pizza".  This was great quality smoked salmon on a crispy pita/tortilla type thing served with an aioi (mayo) with a lemon/caper flavor.  They also scattered some jalepeno and micro greens on top.  We also tried their version of ahi tuna.  It was totally "deconstructed" and it looks like the chef has some fun toys in the back because it was one of the few "molecular gastronomy" dishes I've tried that I really liked.  He did something where he took like the essence of olives (puree) and somehow formed it into a gentle ball that spilled the essence out when punctured (like a soft boiled egg).  He also turned the tomatoe into some type of jelly.  And of course the tuna was cooked perfectly.  Finally, we had the calamari which was perfectly tender grilled octupus with a nice light sauce.  The calamari was stuffed with some type of sausage and was also another hit.  We may have sampled something else I'm forgetting, but this chef didn't miss a beat all night long.  I am very happy I'll be downtown and will most certainly become a regular at bar nine.  A few other things to note.  For some reason they have a relatively extensive sake menu.  This is a "foodie" (hate that term) place.  Lots of interesting items cooked in unique ways.  I took my girlfriend home a dessert of carrot cake.  This was also deconstructed and looked beautiful with the nuts, and other sauces drizzled on the side of the cake.  She would have probably preferred just chocolate cake, but nothing on this menu is ordinary.
4	We dined at Nine on Nine on a recent trip to Pittsburgh. We appreciated that the hostess was accomodating- our table was originally near the door and when we requested to be moved it was no problem.Our waitress, while overall pretty good, was very slow in coming to the table to greet us and take drink orders. I ordered a cosmo and it was made Perfectly- I only wish the glass had been filled instead of the short pour I got.  The food is very good. I had the special lamb chops and, while a little more fatty than I prefer, were tasty and cooked to my specifications.
4	Great white sangria, super infused with chunks of pineapple, peaches and melon.Delicious seared foie gras appetizer that was incredibly generous in size...a great deal for under $20. Mustard seed crusted salmon was just a tad too mustard seedy for me, but a nice dish nonetheless.But the best part? They serve a "deconstructed" carrot cake!!Venue was nice, service very friendly, and I like how they bring over the purse hooks for ladies...nice touch.
5	Tried on a whim while in Pittsburgh for first time. Food was superb--risotto, seared morocan tuna,  and chicken--and they had a great wine selection. The "chocolate" dessert was delicious...might make me come back to Pittsburgh! Service was excellent. The ambiance was relaxed and to romantic.
5	Outstanding.  That's all I can say.  We went there with a group of six people and came out extolling the virtues of this restaurant.  Nestled in the redone cultural center of Steel City, close to the water yet exuding urban modern decor, the restaurant has a prime location.  Upon entering, we were quickly ushered to our tables in  a prime location near the windows.  Wonderful salads of Field Greens, poached pears, caramelized walnuts, and blackberry dressing, and another Roasted Beet Salad with spring mix, red onions, french beans, fennel, and goat cheese poppy dressing waited for us. They were large enough to share.  The main courses consisted of a succulent Moroccan Spiced Tuna, with curry yogurt, golden raisins, quinoa, sweet peas, and carrots; and a tasty Monkfish dish.  For dessert, the carrot cake is amazing.  We couldn't finish it though...
3	A-OK.Great internal ambience, wide selection of interesting food, terrific portions that are larger than expected without being too big.I had the Moroccan Tuna, which was impressively plated, and had the most wonderful flavor to it, but just didn't have much going on as a whole; it needed a side dish or second course served simultaneously to not get bored with the same taste over and over again.  The tuna itself was good enough to eat raw, but probably was destined to be sliced thinner; the butterknife I had wasn't quite enough to go cross-grain.The other person I ate with had the venison, which was the exact opposite of my dish; at least five distinct flavors on the plate, almost too much going on, but pretty darn awesome nonetheless.  This seemed to be the winner on the menu, from what we could tell.Was told we were getting bread, and had to ask for it from another waiter after the first course because it'd been forgotten.  They forgot a steak knife with the venison.  Overall, service was slowish, although never so slow that it was a problem.The "French 75" at the bar was probably the best I've had.  For $75ish a person (three courses, one drink) plus another $12 on a drink at the bar waiting for our reservation, it just didn't feel worth going back anytime soon; at that price range, I'm looking for amazing, outstanding, perfect, superb... not just A-OK.  I might head back for lunch sooner, as that seems to be reviewed well.
2	I read the reviews and I was really excited to try something other than Mortons or Ruth's Chris. Pittsburgh deserves good food. I ordered the sweetbreads but they had been prepared like cheap chicken wings with kraft blue cheese dressing. Not the best way to start an evening. The wine  what should have been a nice wine a Italian wine at 9 dollars was old and flavorless. On the other hand the monkfish and spare ribs was nice and tasty. I ordered a coffee to finish the nite and a diner would have better. It was not a strong tasty version but a watery and flavorless cup of Joe. It did not leave me with a great view of the place. Missed on the starter, wine and coffee.
5	An excellent restaurant. The best meal I've had in Pittsburgh. The risotto was outstanding.While we haven't been there for a while we'll return next month and we are looking forward to it.
4	Nothing has yet to surpass my dinner at Eleven in terms of ambience, wine and food...though Nine on Nine comes close.  I ate at the bar (Bar Nine) but the same menu was being served on both sides of the wall.   The bartenders were a little slow (for a Tuesday night with .05 patrons), but I'm a total 'give me my drink now!' snot.  One bartender was being trained and went looking for the Malbec in the white wine fridge.Food.  I had a wonderful yet simple roasted beet salad with just the right amount of Point Reyes cheese and honey-lavendar dressing.  The vinegarette pulled me in--it wasn't sweet and perfectly complimented the other flavors in the salad.  I totally loved my little simple balanced salad.  Lobster mac n' cheese.  Creamy, delish but the topping wasn't quite right.  Big old hunks o' lobster.  I've never really been a fan of lobster mixed into dishes and I'm probably the only person who picks the hunks of lobster OUT of their mac n' cheese.  Don't worry...I ate some...just not all!! It was good.  I wish I had someone with me to share the charcuterie.
2	My biggest problem with my recent experience at Nine on Nine was the service.  The host staff was very friendly and accomodating (we didn't have a reservation on a Friday night) but it took no fewer than fifteen minutes to get water and another ten to get a glass of wine.  The food was . . . interesting.  I chose sweetbreads for my first course.  The dish was served with "celery air" (I can't make this up), blue cheese, and tomato confit.  Once I tasted it, I appreciated what the chef was doing - deconstructed buffalo wings.  But the thing was, it tasted *exactly* like buffalo wings.  Perhaps I'm missing the point of deconstructed food, but if I wanted wings, I would have gone to a place where I can get 25 of them for five bucks.  For my second course, I had a wild boar bolognese, which was truly excellent, and I highly recommend it.
4	I came here for lunch on a Thursday!Space:Intimate and cute, the tables were not ridiculously close together and the ambiance was pleasant. Not extremely crowded for lunch. Food:Really grood. I asked for chicken on my salad, and it was the softest juiciest chicken I have ever eaten. Compliments to the chef. My friend ordered the BBQ burger and was very pleased, a giant hung of beef, ribs, cheese, relish.
4	Had great happy hour specials and the bartender was nice.  I only tried a few apps and they were good.  The dinners looked great but I didn't have a chance becuase I enjoyed happy hour so much.
5	Food was great, if a bit on the salty side.  I had the tasting menu.  Lots of food and food vino.  My server was Svetanka and she was outstanding.  My only complaint was the amount of salt and the fact that the duck was a bit overdone. Did I say Svetanka was a great server?Anyways, I had a great meal here.
4	Came here for lunch with a friend. Very nice atmosphere. Intimate and classy but not pretentious. The wait staff were friendly and patient as my friend was a little late to arrive.I had the BBQ burger, which was outstanding. Heaped with toppings - matchstick fries, ribs, cheese. Cooked to order, juicy and very tasty. My friend had a salad, which she enjoyed as well. Would recommend this place.
4	We took a group here for a business lunch for 7 people - with a wide variety of tastes - but everyone was very pleased.I had the roasted chicken...a pretty safe choice, and something I typically wouldn't order....but they cooked it Sous vide and I was anxious to try this style.  It was served with goat cheese mac & cheese.  It was delicious!Others had the lobster mac & cheese, served with a small salad.  I have never seen chunks of lobster this big!  Even though mine was delicious - I had food envy!  I'm going back just to try this.  (Later that day another friend told me - they always order this as an appetizer for the table!!)Another item on the table I wish I tried was the Barbecue Burger - A beautiful looking burger topped with bbq rib meat.  Looked messy and delicious.The wait staff was fantastic.  Knowledgeable, attentive, and extremely helpful.The lunch prices were very reasonable - sandwiches/salads $14-19ish...and entres $17-25 ish...They also have some tables outside and a great happy hour menu!Definitely heading back, there are too many things on the menu I want to try!
5	A bunch of we girls escaped the office and hit here for lunch today.  We all came away feeling like we had taken a little vacation! Nice escape from your typical rushed, boring  lunchtime place. Elegant surroundings that are only a hint of the sumptuous meal to come.  Do NOT miss the frites with black truffle aioli!  I just had those and a light spring salad and both made a perfect, light lunch.  The spring salad was adorned with jewels of ruby red sweet roasted beets, candied walnuts, blue cheese, crisp apple slices with a sweet and tart honey lavendar dressing.  Just perfect.  In fact, my friends were wishing they'd gotten the same dressing with their own salads!  We WILL go back.  Frequently.
4	I was very impressed with this place. I took a group of 6 there for dinner and had a great time. To start the bartender was great (always a restaurant tell for me). Service was top notch, food and wine were equally good. We had a culinary adventure of bone marrow, General Tso sweetbreads and Salmon pizza to start, the group had skate, chicken and the Kobe strip for the entrees. After all that we passed on dessert. I'd go back in a heart beat.
4	I've eaten here several times. It's a little pricey, but not unreaonably so for the 3-5 course meal you get. The courses are generally smaller -- which is good; you don't get stuffed like at other restaurants and instead get delicacies prepared by skilled chefs. Service is always excellent, and with the multiple course meal it often feels like food just keeps coming; you finish one course and the next one just arrives. Only negative is I've been seated near the door and it can be really cold there; so if you have an option, sit further back!
3	After walking past this place a million times and wishing I could cozy into one of their white cloth covered tables, I checked this place out for lunch. Yes, the prices are a bit steep but much better than their dinner menu. I had a completely satisfying plate of fish tacos that I will definitely go back for. So far they are the best fish tacos I've had in the Burgh (beating out Penn Ave Fish Co and Kaya). The fish was seasoned and grilled perfectly and not overwhelmed by the cabbage and sauce. My only proverbial beef with all of the fish tacos I've tasted  in this city is that they come in a flour tortilla. Maybe it's due to the lack of Latin Americans in the area but tacos come on corn tortillas people!Regardless, I'll definitely check this place out again. My waitress was very friendly and accommodating, service was quick and their lunch menu seems ever-changing. Stop by if you're in the area.
4	Incredible experience!My boyfriend and I went to Nine On Nine for dinner as we had received a gift certificate to this restaurant, which was a great excuse for us to venture downtown. It was confusing at first as when we had entered the restaurant we were in the bar room, thriving with activity and no one had greeted us, though soon realized we needed to walk through into the next room (such newbs!). The atmosphere was cozy with dim lighting and modern decor. You just wanted to snuggle up with somebody in a corner.We looked at the menu and were having issues deciding between dishes until seeing that they were both on the tasting menu. At that moment we had decided to go big and try the eight 'small' course tasting which from there our culinary adventure began. Looking back on what and how much we ate I wish I had not done the rookie mistake of eating the bread. Every bite was delicious and each course was better than the last until we got to desert. I am not a big chocolate eater but will try it anyway if it is in front of me. I just didn't get it but was so full by then I was okay on not finishing. That aside we were both really impressed by caliber of the tasting and while it isn't an everyday thing for us we would hands down go back and do it again. The waiter was awesome - paced the courses well, checked on us periodically and answered our questions on the food. If you can splurge the dollars on a meal I would do it on the tasting menu at Nine On Nine.
4	REALLY enjoyed dinner here with my friends who live in Pittsburgh. Quite a small restaurant but the dining was most definitely fine. The chef even popped out to ask if everything was OK as I had mentioned I was vegetarian and they went to town with a tasting menu full of surprises. Not exceptionally cheap at $72 a head, plus wine, but we had a wonderful meal. Highly recommended purely down to the fact that they made an effort for Jocie and I (the outcast veggies!)
3	I'm going to be all over the place with this review.  That will pretty much match the experience I had here.  First drink, PERFECTION!  I chose the White Grapefruit Cosmopolitan with Absolut Ruby Red, white cranberry juice and lime.  Second drink, not so much.  Way too much white cranberry juice and not enough Absolut.  No one likes a weak drink, lame!Since it was my first time here, I didn't realize that if you sit outside, you're only allowed to order off the bar menu.  I like that and I don't.  The "cheap" side of me likes it because, well, I'm cheap.  Cheap here equals $16 compared to $32 for a full menu item.  The other part of me thinks if it's a nice night out, why wouldn't I want to dine outside with a full menu.  Whatevs, no biggie.My eyes zeroed in on the Lobster Mac-N-Cheese, of course!  And for $16 it better be darn good!  Totally worth it.  The cheese was nice and creamy with big pieces of lobster and bread crumbs on the top.  I'd give that 4 stars!We also ordered a mix between a meat, cheese and Charcuterie Platter.  So the cheese, solid (how do you mess cheese up?).  Sweet pickles, best part of the platter.  The meat....straight outta the Giant Eagle deli section.  It was a poor mans excuse for prosciutto and bologne.  Gross.  Don't order!Factor in pretty inconsistent service between our server being there ALL the time to totally disappearing at the end of the meal when we wanted the check and you've got a iffy experience.I'm not throwing in the towel, I would come back and try out the full menu in the dining room.  All I would ask for is a complete package...that's not too much to ask for, is it?!
5	My go to place when in Pittsburgh had been Eleven. Over time, it has deteriorated with both food and service. I ate at Nine On Nine last week. Food and service were superb. I travel a lot, and have eaten at the best restaurants in many cities and countries. Nine on Nine ranks high among the "best".We sat outside, it was lovely.
5	've only been once for happy hour, but I loved it.  Plus, who has a SATURDAY happy hour!?  Nine on Nine does.  We sat outside, so I cannot speak for the interior, but the little patio at 6 pm was perfect for people watching and enjoying the Pittsburgh summer.I do wish the meters on the street were available during that time on weekdays, but they're not, so parking is more than $2 wherever you park on a weekday.  However, on Saturday they are!My girlfriend and I had 3 items off the happy hour appetizer menu (mussels, ceviche and salmon pizza) and I had two drinks.  All of it was very good.  The service was superb.I'm so glad that high end restaurants offer REAL happy hours (not this $.50 off well drinks crap) with excellent deals so that I don't have to save the experience for an anniversary or something.  Cheers to them.
5	I had lunch at this restaurant this past Friday with a dining companion.  The interior is what you would expect from a fine dining establishment, white table cloth and classic decor which was nicely lit.Since it was during our lunch hour, we each ordered only an entree.  My dining companion had the Pappadella while I had the Steak and Frites.  The pappeadella was fantastic with a ton of flavor.  Not to be outdone, the Steak was also very good and I could not stop eating the Frites which had truffle salt. Everything from the Steak and pappardale to the fries were served at the perfect temperature .  The service was also excellent.The bottom line for me is that this was the best lunch that I have eaten downtown this year.  The service, the food and even the price (less than $30 pretip) all created a perfect storm and I look forward to trying a dinner here in the future.
5	Ahhh, I still love it.  I went in for lunch, alone, on a weekday when I was downtown.  I sat at the bar, alone.  The manager, bartenders and staff were still running around prepping (the bar isn't that busy at say 12:30 pm) but they were all extremely attentive to me.  The manager gave me the remote for the TV-which had Mob Wives on-and the bartender chatted off and on with me.  Both were just talkative enough, but not too much, to make a solo eater feel good.On to the fish tacos (the $16 fish tacos)!  Ohhh myyy goooooness.  Those are the best fish tacos I have ever eaten in my life.  I would have paid $25.  It came with 3, which is way more than I could eat, and this sauce, and avocado, and...I could go on.  Get the frickin fish tacos.  The bartender surprised me with an "afternoon drink" which was made up of Hendricks, St Germain, cucumber, sour and simple syrup.  The best drink ever to go with the best tacos ever.  He was letting the servers taste it and they were all in love.  You have to try this place!
3	What happened? My go-to spot for business lunches just isn't the same. Its not bad, don't get me wrong, it just doesn't sparkle anymore. The pommes frites that used to be amazing? Average. The formerly heavenly black tuffle aioli? Where was the truffle? The service? Attitude. Its been months since I've been here...the gang and I have been gravitating to Market Square and the crazy selection of fantastic dining there. I think its going to be a long while before giving Nine on Nine a try again. Why settle for average when there are so many outstanding options available downtown?! Nine on Nine, you can do better!
2	Disillusioned.The food while good, but tried to do too much with the palate.  I had the Monte Cristo and while I applaud the use of brioche to make a turkey sandwich...I really wish they wouldn't have drizzled the syrup all over it.  At that point either make it an open-faced item or keep the drizzle so it can be eating without sticky fingers.The ambiance was pretty nice, I did enjoy the decor.  The service was a little overflowing in the repressed attitude department.  We all have bad days or rough patches...but seriously...when your body language clearly establish we're not worth your time it REALLY detracts from the eating experience.  In general, I find it really uneasy when the waiter (or waitress) roll their eyes if the entire party chooses to drink water ... newsflash it's just being healthy and not necessarily cheap...so don't act like "there goes your tip."I probably wouldn't go back unless it was with a group of friends that were fans of the place.  If I did go back, it would give me a chance to taste something different, but I would rather spend my money elsewhere.Maybe it'll be better next time.
4	Try the wagyu strips -- super good! This place also has good selection of wine.
4	Thumbs up on the fish tacos.
1	High prices for small amounts of food. My mother and I ordered the mussels and the kampachi sashimi for appetizers to split, I had the monkfish for my entree, and my mother had the vegetarian special (couscous salad with tofu scramble on top). We expected with ordering all of those things that we would leave with leftovers but not even close.  The bill was $91.  It would be one thing if the taste of the food was outstanding but that fell way short also. The mussels were bland and boring, the sashimi was so small in portion size that we were turned off to it from just looking at it, the monkfish was way over salted, and the couscous salad was very bitter from what seemed to be a vinegar-y dressing of some sort. We will not return.
4	***The chefs at Nine On Nine did a good job sourcing and cooking proteins (foie gras, squab); while I was not a huge fan of all of the flavor combinations, there is definitely good food here even if it is a little expensive***Nine On Nine is a fine dining spot located in Downtown Pittsburgh (not too far from PNC Park and apparently near some theaters in the city).  The restaurant has a small neighborhood restaurant or cafe feel with hardwood floors and an open (but cozy and not industrial) kitchen.The restaurant's decor feels very warm and approachable, but the menu sounds quite ambitious.  Nine On Nine has a tasting menu as well as ingredients you don't often see like squab.The bread was standard stuff.  There was a mix of focaccia, country bread and a decent and hearty fruit and nut bread.  The bread was sliced unevenly, but I did like the creamy whipped butter, which was topped with strong salt.I started with the seared foie gras, which was a small portion.  The foie gras was garnished with spring onion marmalade, brioche, gelatin, and crispy meringue-like pieces.  There were a lot of sweet elements on the plate, but they went well with the foie gras, which had an expected salty flavor.I thought the onion marmalade was very good--definitely sweet but still with an onion flavor.  I liked the brioche--great outside sear but still soft and moist.  The foie gras was good--buttery, creamy and flavorful.For my entree, I went with the squab, which featured both the breast and the legs.  The squab was served with hominy, chorizo, zucchini, arugula, and lemon.  I thought the squab was very good.  The breast was moist, juicy and tender.  It was a little like duck breast but had a bouncier texture.  The legs were crispy and good.I liked all the sides individually though it was not my favorite combination of flavors.  There was definitely a strong lemon flavor to the dish.For dessert, I had the coconut panna cotta, which was garnished with compressed pineapple, kiwi, pink peppercorn brittle, and a kaffir lime sauce.  The panna cotta was good.  It did not have a strong coconut flavor, but I liked the creaminess and lightness of it.The fruit was really good.  I liked the brightness, sweetness and tartness that the pineapple and kiwi provided.  The brittle was on the chewy side and did not have that crunch and snap you get with a lot of brittle (but I still liked it).  The brittle had a very strong pink peppercorn flavor.The kaffir lime sauce did not add much to the plate.  It did not have a distinct flavor.  It did not have a bad flavor, but I was not a fan of the consistency, which was kind of like snot.Service was good.  My server was pleasant, polite, professional, and knowledgeable about the menu.Prices were high.  Entrees were in the high $20s and $30s, which made Nine On Nine feel more expensive than Pittsburgh's Salt of the Earth (which seems like a more impressive restaurant).Nine On Nine is a good restaurant.  I thought they did a good job with the foie gras and the squab.  While I was not a huge fan of all of the flavor combinations (especially with the squab), I liked a lot of what was served.  I definitely enjoyed Avenue B more and thought Salt of the Earth felt much more original, but Nine On Nine is still a decent option for an upscale dinner in Pittsburgh.I am not sure what the parking situation is.  I think there are a few nearby paid lots.
2	It appears to be an okay restaurant, but nothing special and seemingly not worth the price.  I sat at the bar for my first visit and thankfully Nine On Nine has a good happy hour with half price food from the bar menu as well as discounted wine and drinks.  The wine list is pretty good and lots of choices by the glass so that's a positive.  The cocktails didn't look very exciting so I didn't try any cocktails.As for food, thankfully I went for half price happy hour dishes because neither the mussels nor the risotto I ordered was would have been worth the full prices of $16 and $14, respectively.  Don't get me wrong, there were a huge number of mussels in the bowl, but they were overcooked and a bit stringy, some hadn't been cleaned properly and were grainy, and the sauce (which is one of my favorite parts of a good mussel dish) didn't add much flavor other than when it soaked into one of the 6 or 7 tiny little crouton-sized pieces of bread that were sprinkled on top of the dish.  The mushroom risotto was fine but nothing special - slightly too al dente and missing salt or something so it just didn't have much flavor.  At $8 and $7 per plate I've had a lot worse, but these dishes definitely weren't worth their full menu prices.  Oh, and the ceviche of the day - which I did not get - was tilapia.  I've rarely ever seen that before - nothing like a cheap, typically muddy tasting fish for a good ceviche...I may go back and order off the full menu because I can't argue with some nicely chosen wines by the glass for $6 during happy hour - and a lot of people seem to like the food here - but the next visit will confirm whether it's worth ever going back after that.  The prices aren't cheap so my expectations are high and food on my first visit didn't come close to meeting them.
4	Once upon a midnight dreary while we wandered weak and weary...we sought refuge in this little restaurant in hopes to fill our rumbling tummies. Service: It was around 8pm on a Tuesday with a five minute wait, not bad. The staff was pleasant and the waitress was helpful and very soft spoken, which i loved (I hate it when people shout menus at me). She was extremely attentive and friendly. Food: We started off with the bone marrow. It was amazing! The perfectly baked bread, the roasted bone marrow, along with the garlic green sauce thing... amazing! I would go back just for bone marrow. It was definitely the highlight of the meal. For entrees we had the scallop and squab which were cooked to perfection. The portion size was just enough, we weren't overly stuffed and we weren't hungry for more (I could've gone for more bone marrow though=). For dessert we had the pineapple panna cotta. The texture was spot on and the bits of pineapple chunks combo was wonderful.  What wasn't so wonderful was the caramelized bits of what I believed to be tamarind. It had a good texture but it had a burnt bitter after taste which I did not enjoy. I will definitely be back.
2	For the price... this place is just not worth it.  First, our flowers had dirty vases with dirty water.  Our server took forever to come over to us.  Plus our server had somewhat of an attitude and our food took forever.   Nonetheless, for the most part the food was OK to good. The bread was quite tasty.  The spring salad was a bit of a disappointment, as it was rather simple.  However, the seared foie gras was absolutely delicious.  As for the lobster mac 'n cheese... it was very good, but not the best I've ever had.  And at last, the  scallops were just OK, nothing special at all.  Sadly there was just nothing here that I would ever want to come back for.
1	Probably the rudest waiter we've ever come across. Went in at Happy Hour. Waited for at least 10 minutes for someone to acknowledge us. The bartender slammed a menu down. Finally the waiter rudely asked what we wanted. When I asked if I could deviate from the martini menu, he repeated the choices lin an even ruder tone. We should have listened to our guts when we watched another couple walk out... Which is what we did. Great intro to Pittsburg! Luckily we went to Sonoma and had a phenomal waiter...
4	My experience here was a mixed bag.   We went in around 7:45 on a Friday evening without a reservation and were able to get seated before the bartender even had a chance to finish making my white grapefruit martini which was very refreshing.For dinner, I opted to start with the spring salad minus the pig ear bacon.   This was FABULOUS!!!  I would have ordered a second one if it wasn't $10.  I followed this up with the Tagliatelle Pasta (tomatoes, garlic and squash, oh my) which could have been amazing but was only so-so because I was served the most undercooked pasta ever.   The flavors in the dish were awesome.  I wanted to lick the plate but it was hard to get past the chewy pappardelle noodles (not tagliatelle) which were 2 minutes short of al dente.   I did mention this to the waiter who passed along the info to the chef which I appreciated (witnessed it since the kitchen is so open).We passed on a dessert which is a rarity because they just didn't have many options and the ones they did weren't up our alley.   I was craving cheesecake or some kind of fall dessert (maybe an apple turnover).Now here's the weird part.  When the bill came, there were only three items on the menu (my dinner wasn't listed).  I thought my pasta had been comped because it was so undercooked but then I realized the items in the bill totaled $16 less than the total bill  (ie something was in the total that wasn't in the itemized listing).  It just so happened to be my pasta.  When I pointed it out the waiter, he just said it was an error in the system.  Perhaps I'm reading into it, but I just thought it was shady that I was paying for it but it wasn't appearing on the bill.   I don't know; must be the accountant in me.The inside of the restaurant is pleasant and the service was so-so.  The waiter was a little inattentive given how few tables were filled.   Overall though, I was pretty pleased.   I really loved their use of flavors so I was more than willing to pay the higher-end prices but I was disappointed in my undercooked pasta.
3	My date and I were recently looking for a cute spot for some beverages and light fare, so we decided to go to Nine on Nine. What I most like about this restaurant is that the bar and main dining area are nicely separated. We stayed in the bar area on this particular evening. We each had one drink. I chose a very delicious apple margarita. My guest chose a gin and tonic.  We also shared a chicken flatbread pizza.  In addition to the chicken, there also appeared to be fig on the pizza. The crust, however, was quite flaky and easily broke apart.  Next time, however, I will forgo the appetizer and stick with a beverage. Overall, the atmosphere of this restaurant is warm and cozy, and I will return
3	My husband and I stopped here last night before a movie at the Harris Theatre.  We sat in the bar, and got good service--although we were one of two parties when we arrived.  We each had a glass of wine and shared some risotto (amazing!) and some pizza (just ok).  It's been commented on before, but the portion sizes are quite small for the price here--I get that it's not the Golden Corral, but I didn't feel satisfied when we left, and that rarely happens even when I'm just eating "bar food."I would probably come back for drinks (they have a decent wine list too), but not for a full meal, especially with so many other great options in the same area.
1	Took 4 days to get a return call for a reservation and then told they had sold out
4	I was skeptical, but this place is worth the price!  We had two app's and split an entree.  The bread they brought out at the beginning of the meal was delicious.  There were three different varieties.  My salmon pizza app was great - spicy and fresh.  We also spilt the bone marrow app.  I loved the crispy onions and sauce that was poured all over it.  The seared scallops were very tasty and had various sauces that were all very well done.  The server was great.  I'll definitely be back!
4	There are some mixed reviews on here so I was pleasantly surprised with this place because it was very good.  Started the night with a dirty martini which was made very well.  It was not too olive juicy...the house bread was an assortment and yummy!  next up the house salad with white balsamic vinigrette dressing which was excellent.  The dressing always makes the salad and this dressing was very good.  Next course was the lobster Mac and cheese which was so rich and really to die for...loved the lobster flavoring and how the macaroni were shells...oh so delicious.  For the main course I ordered the Bronzino...oh that white flakey fish was perfection....it came with cauliflower which I didn't even know I liked!  It goes to show veggies are delicious when properly prepared.  My hubs ordered the scallops and loved them.  We finished with the choc cake and it was average...that was the only part of the meal I wasn't that in to....and I'm I big dessert fan.Very good experience and good food!
4	Very nice plates and the menu should have a food challenge for all.
4	I had a delicious lunch here on a Tuesday afternoon! They have a really nice selection of items to choose from. My colleague and I ended up splitting the lobster mac n' cheese and the cobb salad. Everything was delicious! My only criticism is it is a little pricey for a lunch and I probably wouldn't have paid that much if it wasn't a work trip. if you are open to spending a little more for a lunch- try it out! The decor is charming and warm and you'll leave with a warm, full tummy too! :)
2	Last Friday I felt like the ultimate party crasher yet, judging by the sandwich board signage, I thought I was invited. My boyfriend and I were excited to celebrate Friday  happy hour and, instead of the usual spot, I convinced him to go to Bar Nine at Nine on Nine. Why try and convince him? Because the last two experiences within the year were not so good.Let me start by saying it is definitely NOT the food. After we literally had to send a "Bat" signal to get the attention of the unmotivated bartenders and snarky host, we had the opportunity to order from the bar menu. The truffle fries didn't last long...so good ...and I love  the presentation in wax paper cone. The Kobe Beef sliders were delicious, flavorful, meaty. And, last but not least, the Lobster Mac'n Cheese. It was the perfect amount of cheese, lobster, and seasonings.Also, the wine list and happy hour specials are a VERY good deal. (SUGGESTION: Combine with tapas or other bar menu specials to compete with the other restaurants Downtown.)So why can't the staff be nicer! We came in with smiles. Even "God Blessed" the bartender who had the sniffles! What is with the ATTITUDE! THREE TIMES WITHIN THE YEAR. Here's an idea. Try smiling. Smiling and eye contact can boost a 20% tip to 30% or even 50%! Especially when there are only 8 customers and you have the time to give face. And, offering water to everyone else, including the very rude, loud gentleman on his cell phone sitting next to us was a bit of an insult -- not to mention your attempts to make conversation with him to see if he was comfortable and needed anything (I guess he was a loyal since you were on a first name basis). Wow. We must have a new superpower of invisibility only known to the NON staff.I really tried to shake this off and move on but, sorry, you not only ruined our Friday night, you insulted the many great restaurant staff within the Pittsburgh area that we would have graciously given our money to, who always deserve it. Training staff to take ownership of their brands and appreciate guests who can be potential loyals is so important. I see it  at its best with young restaurant hosts, servers, bartenders, etc. in Portland, Oregon. And, newsflash, it's a revenue and traffic builder.So...with that in mind. I will miss the 5 or 6 course Valentine's Day dinner we had in February 2012 and the happy hour menu (damn it, I love those sliders!) But, I guess it's good news that they will no longer be bothered with our patronage.
5	I'm a shame to the Cultural District.  Really. It's been ages since Nine on Nine opened its beautiful doors, and today was my first visit. Upon entering my trio was met with a warm smile by the host who quickly seated us in the nicely appointed dining room.  The Friday sunlight was nicely filtered through Nine's modern drapery, creating an ambiance that took us far away from Penn Avenue and into a quiet, peaceful utopia.  Maybe a LITTLE dramatic, but you get it. Nice place.  We were quickly presented with their Lenten lunch menu, which was full of many culinary delights including various types of fish sandwiches and entrees from tofu to steak - something for everyone. I ordered the Fish Tacos and swear that it's the best decision I've made yet this year.  Three large [soft] tacos were presented to me in no time; bursting with well-seasoned tilapia, cabbage, fresh jalapenos, avocado and a side of sweet thai/chili sauce.  It was love at first bite.  At $16, the dish is a little more than I'd generally spend for lunch, but well worth every penny.  My co-workers ordered fish tacos and the Steak Salad respectively; and none were disappointed in the least. From the service to the sweet chili sauce, Nine on Nine is at least 9 stars in my book.
2	While Nine On Nine seems to offer a wonderful dining experience to many, I can't say I had a great time during my meal here. From the moment we walked in the door I knew I wasn't going to have a great dinner.The fact that it took an incredibly long time for the staff to come and seat us should have been a hint that this was not the dining establishment for me. When they did finally seat us, we were put at an uncomfortable high table in a dark, creepy, melancholic corner in the back of the bar area. It was either sit there, or sit at the table right by the door, where we'd shiver every single time someone opened the door. After waiting even longer for the staff to bring us a menu, we gave up and went to pick one up from the front ourselves, and then proceeded to squint and try to read said menu in our dark and poorly lit corner. Unfortunately their one-page dinner menu did not impress me at all; I spent more time mulling over the ten page booklet that was their wine menu. I've said before, I'm a girl who likes real choice on her menu. This was the exact opposite of that.I also really wasn't too excited to try much on this menu. The items on it just didn't really match my palette. When I tried one of these main dishes, which my guest ordered and offered to share, I was proven correct in my fears. The lobster mac and cheese just...tasted...off. I still can't put my finger on why, either. It wasn't outright bad, but one bite later I knew I wouldn't ever be ordering the dish for myself.I eventually ordered the kobe beef sliders and noticed when the sliders came out that they were on mini poppy seed buns, which the menu didn't mention (I don't particularly love poppy seed anything). The menu also didn't bother telling us what exactly Nine On Nine put on the sliders other than ketchup and meat. I honestly still don't know what I ate. It was an ok combo, but not at all what I expected, and just a little offputting.While any one of these things isn't a dealbreaker, together they led to a very unimpressive dining experience. Honestly I really have no intention of coming here again, seeing as my night at Nine On Nine can be summed up in one word: disappointing.
4	Wonderful dinner last night! On arrival for our pre-theater reservation, we were greeted by the maitre d' and seated immediately by a window. The waitstaff were prompt and attentive throughout and able to answer all of our questions regarding ingredients and preparations. The varied assortment of breads that were served once seated was delicious. We were off to a good start. The menu included many seasonal choices. We had the 9on9 salad and steak tartare to start. The portions were very generous and the flavors of everything on the plate were varied and creative. I was skeptical about the white chocolate and red peppercorn but it was actually delicious with the tartare and not as sweet as I would have thought and I made sure to use it all! We had the salmon and duck entrees. Both were prepared perfectly according to our preferences and again, all the accompaniments were creative and delicious. I was amazed by the preparation of the popcorn risotto. I had never heard of this before but loved it and will try it myself at home (good luck to me!) We had a lovely evening and a wonderful dinner and I would go back in a minute! Can't wait 'til the next time.
4	My family and I had the chef's tasting menu here, which consisted of eight courses. The decor was clean and modern, and the service was very good. It was nice that the executive chef or the pastry chef personally came out to present every dish of the tasting menu to us.Generally, the food was always good and the presentation was nice, though there was some variation in quality between courses. Portion sizes were larger than expected. By the time we were served the meat course, we were all starting to get uncomfortably full. So pace yourself and don't eat too much bread (though the bread assortment is quite good).Comments on the specific courses:- The soup was poured tableside. Tasted like a more refined, less salty and fatty version of a french onion soup. The best part was actually the simplicity of the fresh mushrooms and spring vegetables.- Roasted bone marrow was good, but not great. It wasn't as wonderfully fatty as I wanted it to be. The onion marmalade made the dish for me, adding a much-needed sweetness to balance out everything.- The chef shaved fresh white truffle over the risotto tableside. I really liked this course. The risotto was creamy with a deep parmesan and truffle flavor. It was also cooked perfectly. Only comment is that it was a tad too salty. - The scallops were beautifully seared. I thought that the pea puree was a bit sweet. I actually preferred to eat the scallop by itself.- Palate cleanser featured edible flowers. Very interesting and unique. The bitterness of the flowers were balanced nicely with the sweetness of the foam and the tapioca crumbles. Job well done in terms of successfully cleansing our palates.- Duck was very good and seasoned well. Skin was crispy and the ratio of meat to fat was nice. I loved the beets and quinoa accompaniments as well.- Cheese course: Three different cheeses served with a jam, macadamia nuts, and crisp toast. My favorite was the truffled asiago.- Dessert was indian spiced donuts served with some sort of berry/rose sauce. The donuts were not sweet at all and had a great texture, perfectly fried. It paired nicely with the sweetness of the sauce. I thought that the presentation sort of lacked on this one since they used the same bowl and set-up as that of the soup.So my family and I had a good meal here. There were some interesting combinations of flavors, some that worked for me and some that didn't. But I liked the fact that the chef wasn't afraid to take some risks.
5	Very good food. Something about it feels quite different(in a good way), the cocktails were decent tho
5	I was very impressed by the friendliness and service of the staff!!! I purchased gift certificate for my cousin's wedding anniversary and but couldn't print it. Joe Kinlock went out of his way to arrage for it to be dropped off the same night at the hotel I stayed! You cannot ask for better service than that! Thanks Joe!!!
4	AMAZING.MUSHROOM.RISOTTO.  Order it every time.  I have only eaten at the bar side, so this review is only concerning the left side of the restaurant.  The mussels were also excellent done with a curry lemongrass sauce.  The drinks are good as well as a small but good selection of wines for a restaurant at this price point.  Each time I've been in here, its been packed.  So I'm sure that is why our service was slightly slow.  My friend just texted me yesterday asking where we had gone with the fabulous Risotto....she was on her way there.  This side of the restaurant wasn't too loud and the hightop tables were set up along the wall to give some intimacy to your dining and conversation.  I'll keep going back.
5	Easily the best meal I have had in ten years of working and going out to eat in downtown Pittsburgh.  The appetizers and entrees were beautiful with delightfully blended and layered textures and flavors.  Our server was pleasant and recommended an excellent wine pairing.  I have  only been once so I cannot speak for the restaurant's consistency -- but given how superb this meal was, I will definitely be back!
4	Food 4Service 4Decor 4Atmosphere 4My boyfriend visited me at Pittsburgh and took me to this place. He had made a reservation, and our table was ready when we arrived. So we got seated immediately. Our server came shortly to greet us, and offer us water. We knew exactly what we wanted, the taster menu, so we went ahead and put our order in. The service was pretty good, our server described every course that was served and check up on us to see if everything was good in the middle of every course. However, some courses were served by the another server, who explained the meal to us, and our server would come by and do it again. So it was a tad bit disorganized. The decor of this place was similar to any nice fine dining place. We were seated next to the full pane windows, so we could see Pittsburgh outside, so that was nice. The atmosphere was nice and intimate, so its nice for a date setting. We had a table next to us, who was a group of 5. They had a few to drink, so they got a little loud towards the end of the night. Finally the food. The meal started off very well. The bread served was delicious. We had the rosemary bread, chocolate bread and current bread with delicious whipped almond butter. The chocolate bread and rosemary bread was delicious. We asked for seconds. Our server warned us not to eat too much or we might not finish the meal (which was good for him to do), but he served it to us, and we happily nibbled away. The first course of the taster menu was a pumpkin bisque with cinnamon marshmallow. This was delicious, rich and creamy. The drops of vinaigrette, which balanced the sweetness of the marshmallow and pumpkin. This left us licking our spoons by the end of the dish and eagerly anticipating for the next. Next was the bone marrow with foie and toasted rye bread. This was absolutely divine. The bone marrow was silky and creamy and melted in your mouth along with the foie. The rustic flavor of the foie combined with the richness of the bone marrow was a burst of flavor in the mouth. More over, the play with texture, with the crunch of the crispy bread and the silkiness of the bone marrow and the foie melting in our mouths. We were scraping the edges of the plate for more. Next was the truffle risotto. This had good flavor. The risotto was a good consistency. It could have been more aldente in my perspective, but my boyfriend liked it, so it is a matter of preference. Nonetheless, still a great dish. Next was the scallop with sriracha foam, candied carrots and capers. We were exited to hear about the srirach foam, however, the flavor did not quite come out. The scallops were perfectly cooked though, with a seared crusty layer on the outside, and the tenderness of the meat when you bite into the scallop. Next was the foie gras with seasonal preparation, which was mainly berries and candied hazelnuts. I like the crunch the nuts added to the dish. The sweet and sourness of the berries also gave the foie gras a nice touch, cutting through the fattiness. My boyfirend thought the berries overpowered the foie gras, he prefers the traditional apply or pear paring, but I thought it was good. Next was our pallet cleanser. Mojito sorbet. This was when the meal, for me, started to plato, or maybe even gradually decline (The food was not bad, it was just not great, and did not compare with the previous courses). We were excited to hear that we got mojito sorbet, but when we tried it, the sorbet was simply too sweet, especially for a pallet cleanser. It also did not have the citrusy lime taste and minty taste of mojitos, but rather had a more sugary taste. Next we had the hanger steak with carrot and smoked potatoes. Maybe cause I am not a potato fan, or I was just really full, but there was nothing special about the potatoes to make me want to eat them after all those previous courses. The hanger steak was a little too well done and chewy for me, which was a let down from the previous courses. The steak was well seasoned though. However, it did not leave me wanting more. Finally, dessert...we had switched our dessert from the original three chocolate option on the menu to a kulfi like dessert with toaster merengue on top. This was a decent dessert. To be honest thought, it looked better than it tasted -- considering they it on fire and everything in front of us. For dessert, I usually judge how good it is by if I want to finish it even if I am really full (which I usually am). This was a dessert where you, poke at a few times, but is not so heavenly that you will devour the whole thing after a full meal. All in all, the beginning of the meal was amazing, but then started to go on a gradual decline towards the end. The dishes at the end were not bad, they just set our expectations very high in the beginning, and could not live up to them. I would recommend going here for a date, or a nice intimate meal.
4	Some of my work friends and I ordered takeout from the lunch menu. Because it was restaurant week, we just decided to order the restaurant week menu: soup, salad, and 1/2 a sandwich. It was nice of them to accomodate us with our takeout request, so that was much appreciated.I had 1/2 of a turkey club (with real applewood smoked bacon and real, oven roasted turkey on toasty bread), a small garden salad, and the soup of the day, which happened to be cream of mushroom. The salad was on the small side, as in there were only about five pieces of lettuce and two small grape tomatoes, but the dressing was nice and light, and for lunch, this was plenty of food.The sandwich was delicious, even without the mayo. Win! The bread was fresh and lightly toasted, and the sandwich was large for being just 1/2 of a sandwich. My favorite item was the mushroom soup. Super creamy, yet there was enough tang from the mushrooms to cut through the cream. Really delicious. Needless to say, I just had a small sampling of the lunch menu, so I look forward to reviewing the dinner menu soon!
2	This place needs a complete makeover.  It has an old feel to it.  It could be really cool, but just doesn't cut it in 2014.
2	Most of these reviews are correct when it comes to service. Our party was actually seated right on time. It was getting someone to actually come to the table which was the first problem. It took over 10 minutes for someone to come and even give us the specials and they didn't even offer to take our drink order. By the time we did order it was 20 minutes into our visit and since we were going to the theatre we were on a time constraint. (We allowed for almost 2 hours.) so the server took our orders and then had to be reminded that we wanted drinks. Service was sub par. Now for the food. Way to pricey for what was served. I will say that my pear salad and my friends carpaccio was fantastic but that's where it ended. Our other salads were heavily dressed. The scallop dish was undercooked and unappealing. The risotto was nothing to write home about and the lobster Mac and cheese was the best of this group. Perfectly cooked, huge portions of meat but the noodles had so much sauce and it was so heavy that I could only eat about half of the portion. Overall I'd say try another restaurant in town. There are plenty to choose from.
5	About three weeks ago, I had a bad experience at Nine on Nine. It started with inattentive service and culminated with a kitchen that couldn't deliver the proper cook on an expensive piece of meat.Shortly after I posted my first review, I was contacted by the owner and GM, and given an opportunity to try the restaurant again, and that was today.They've changed my mind.  The food, service, ambiance, and overall experience was as good as it gets tonight.Our faithful server Ziggy was friendly, knew the menu, had specific recommendations for us, and was there every time we needed something.The ambiance at NoN is upscale, modern, and comfortable.  The Brazilian hardwood floor has a unique coloration.  The hanging lights are cool.  The twenty-one tables seat fifty-six hungry customers.  In the current configuration, there is plenty of room and space between the tables for a more intimate feel.  They can accommodate up to 75.Now, why we came here: the food.The salads were good, both the Asian Pear salad and Baby Beets salad.  The wild mushroom risotto (with white truffle oil) was very good --- and executed perfectly.  There was a nice texture and cook on the rice ---- creamy but not mushy.  I'm not a fan of truffles, but truffle oil is not usually made with them.[1]  I find the truffle fries, ala the Capital Grille, to be disgusting and too strong.The blue crab cream soup I had a few weeks ago at NoN was fantastic.The Lobster mac and cheese was definitely the richest thing we ate, and was as good as the first time. It's rich.I had the Diver Scallops which had a beautiful presentation and was equally tasty.  The carrot foam and emulsion were great for great dipping.  The homemade sweet potato chips were understated and added a nice texture difference.  I wish the sear was stronger and on both sides, but it was fine.The Salmon with roe was good.Overall, our experience this time was much better.  I'm glad that the management met my original complaint head on, and didn't try to "blame the customer" like we sometimes see happen.  It's for that reason that we gave them another opportunity to change our minds.  It worked.[1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Truffle_oil
5	We visited Nine on Nine on Valentine's Day, one of the busiest and most difficult days for a restaurant. This place didn't miss a beat with its delicious six-course tasting menus--a regular and a vegetarian--beautiful presentation and outstanding service. The regular menu  included sun choke soup, duck confit over greens, lobster risotto, a palate cleanser made with Grand Marnier liqueur and dark chocolate, steak done a perfect medium rare accentuated with parmesan kohlrabi fries and  a heart-shaped creme de coeur on a plate decorated with strawberries. Sounds like a lot of food, but each course came with just enough. The place was packed, but we never felt crowded or rushed. We felt we got a good deal for our money. And we made our theater date with time to spare. We will definitely return to this restaurant.
5	I visit Pittsburgh often on business, and while the food scene in general is excellent, Nine on Nine is my favorite restaurant for a dinner out after a long business day.  The food has been consistently excellent (I love the small plate menu!) and the service is super.  I was in town last week during the latest cold snap, and when I asked the manager, Joe, to call me a cab to get back to my hotel, he told me it was too cold to wait, and he drove me back to my hotel himself. Talk about making a visitor feel at home!
2	Mediocre and Disappointing. (Pittsburgh restaurant scene way too competitive for this sort of thing).Saturday evening dinner with friends, a party of 4.NoN has a formal atmosphere and an impressive looking menu, but it failed to deliver in both service and in preparation and flavor.  We had spotty service, with attention, followed by long gaps of inattention.  I won't go into detail, but it took too long for each part of our order to be taken, too long with empty glasses on the table, too long to deliver bread (like 45 min after arriving), drinks delivered and dirty plates not removed (from a small table).  If you're going to be this formal, even bordering on stuffy, then you're going to have to hold up tour end of the bargain.  NoN did not.Appetizer of octopus salad:   Large oblong plate, with salad on one half, and a streak of sauce on the other half.  Sauce was weakly flavored, and the octopus grilled to dryness.  Unremarkable. The other salad was a Beet salad. Again fussy looking, but nobody commented that it was actually good tasting.Then the mains. Pork Osso Bucco described as "maple root vegetables, porter reduction, blackberry, corn shoots" The pork was tender, but over salted, without any other contrasting notes.  The root vegetables were roasted, and served with the now ubiquitous roasted kale (or was it brussels greens, I couldn't tell).  No contrasting flavors, no maple, blackberry, etc.  just umami roasted veg.Now the truly telling dish.  The "Daily Vegetarian Offering."  A plate with rice and chick-pea mini "burger patties" that were flavorless and dried out, with just a sprinkling of greens and small potatoes for garnish.  Another nondescript sauce.  The waiter said it was "really good."  It was not.  This is always such a disappointment.  If you can't cook vegetables, just say so.  If it's too hard to not fall back on something with "short rib" in the name, then just fess up.  We understand.  Not like there aren't entire cuisines that are almost entirely vegetarian with absolutely mind-blowing flavor combinations and inventiveness.  We'll just order another salad for the main, and save it for a trip to any of a dozen local Thai, Indian or Vietnamese restaurants that know how great a veg dish can be.  Or, while we're at it, any one of a dozen or so new entrants to the local scene that really care about the food their serving, even the "vegetables".Friends don't let friends take out-of-towners to NoN.  Pittsburgh does so much better elsewhere.
2	I used to love it here.  I don't know when they decided to downgrade their service, and quality, but it showssss.   This place has become the high priced, low quality dinner theater restaurant, in my eyes.  Don't get me wrong, I love their happy hour.  Half priced selected appetizers are now the only reason why I would stop here to eat.  My hubby and I came for dinner, and basically flushed $200 down the drain.  Everything was bland, and if it wasn't bland it was overly salty.  The wine list made us laugh because they had a $42 bottle of Pinot and then it jumped to $700 bottle of Pinot.  Nothing in between.  It was just bad.  Do yourself a favor and hit up their happy hour for the truffled mac and cheese.  It is the same portion, as if you would order it for a sit down dinner, and the slashed price feels better going down.
2	We were seated in the most comfortable chairs in the restaurant, so we thought we were off to a good start.   We advised our server that we had show tickets and needed to leave by 7, which he agreed would not be a problem with us arriving at 6.  The menu is very limited and truly for people who are more adventurous eaters.  I advised the server that my mother needed a gluten free meal and he stated that since all meals were made to order, each item on the menu could be made gluten free.   We both ordered the pork chop.  Mine was to be medium, and hers was to be medium well and gluten-free.   After waiting 35 minutes, our meal finally arrived, but not served by our waiter who we hadn't seen in the last 30 minutes, but by someone else.   As he started to put the plate in front of me, the server finally came over and then asked which one was which.  The person carrying the food had no idea.   The server said he could tell by looking at them.   After we started eating, and got further into the meal, it was obvious by the meat temperature that he had switched our orders.   Not sure how much gluten was in the meal, but my mother had eaten some.  They had also only given us butter knives to cut the chop and since again, no sign of our server, we muddled through it.I had handed the server my credit card when he brought our food as we only had 20 minutes to eat our meal.  Truly disappointing.The food was nice and hot, somewhat tasty, although more BBQ sauce was certainly needed.   Service was almost non-existent.You should only come here if you have plenty of time to enjoy a long, leisurely meal
4	Arrived early and were seated immediately by the wonderfully cheerful bartender, who also became our server.  I ordered a wonderful blueberry vodka lemonade which was just perfect and totally refreshing. When the foie gras appetizer arrived, it didn't look very appetizing and when I cut into it, was totally overcooked.  Our server took it back immediately and replaced it with foie gras as it should be...totally luxurious, silky smooth and wonderfully garnished.  I also had the risotto with wild mushrooms and truffle oil.  It was nothing short of perfect.  I usually don't eat very much so offered the rest to my son, but I couldn't stop stealing it back from him. He ordered the Barramundi and Monkfish, also perfectly cooked.  The chocolate decadent dessert was everything it was supposed to be...sinfully delicious. The service was attentive and not intrusive, as is so often the case in Pittsburgh restaurants. We will definitely be back...this has to be one of Pittsburgh's best.  Having said all this, I am still a bit puzzled as to why I was even served the first portion of foie gras, which looked like it was leftover and had been reheated!  The rest of the meal was perfect so I really cannot complain.
4	Went in for happy hour. Tacos were excellent. I want to write about the servers at the bar. We had excellent service which made the experience! Very friendly wait staff and very helpful. Had a few drinks. Above average place, but excellent bar tenders.Id recommend to anybody wanting a light bite and a drink or two!
5	i'm not certain where the negative review are coming from.  i've been to nine on nine multiple times, and it has never failed to disappoint.  the food has been excellent, and prepared perfectly.  i'll return again and again.as far as "needing more time to enjoy it", yes, i believe that is what dinner is supposed to be.  obviously you don't make reservations for 6 when you have a show at 7.  common sense.  if you require additional cutlery, ASK ! i'm certain any server would be happy to bring whatever you desire.  i'm also not certain its really a big deal for the server to place the incorrect meal in front of you... switch them ! so easy !if you prefer to eat bar fare, go to a bar.  if you enjoy applebees, go to apple bees and let the others that truly enjoy 9on9 eat their meal in peace.
4	Our table was ready when we arrived and I asked for them to turn the table so that my boyfriend and I could sit closer, they happily did so.  The ambiance was wonderful, low lightly, quiet, and romantic. We started by ordering drinks from their "prohibition" drink selection.  Very tasty.  One was a mint drink (sadly don't remember the names) and the other a more creamy drink.  Both delicious.  Moved on to cocktails and they were well made.  I'm fairly picky with my alcoholic beverages and I was pleased here.Our waiter was on the new side, and seemed a little timid.  He didn't explain anything on the menu, he asked if we had questions though.  He was kind, but you could tell he was new.  We ordered the tasting menu, everything was elegant, and I had never tried a few things on this menu...such as bone marrow, foie gras,etc.  I enjoyed them all.  Only qualm was I needed the waiter to remind me what each course was because they were so intricately prepared I forgot the details.  I would definitely go back again.  Cheers!
4	Upon entering I was pleasantly greeted and several of the staff inquired if I was being helped, one of them being extremely friendly. For my meal I ordered the oysters, the bone marrow, the rack of lamb, and for dessert, the chocolate ganache. The bone marrow was delicious and succulent. I particularly liked how it went with the mustard and parsley on the toast. The rack of lamb was very good and the glaze they used was excellent and went well with the meat. The dessert was excellent. Very chocolaty but not overly sweet and was a perfect way to cap off an excellent meal. Unfortunately I did not get the oysters as the waiter did not catch it yet I was not charged for it either. I initially ordered a Pink Squirrel cocktail but they were all out of creme drinks. They did charge me for it but respectfully removed it upon my pointing out the error.I'd say overall the food was excellent and was not terribly overpriced for the amount that I ate. My waiter was pleasant but I felt he was a tad too reserved and formal. He did a good job don't get me wrong, but smiling more and making small talk would be even better. The manager checked on me several times, which to me showed that they cared about the service. One other waitress kept coming by and she was extremely friendly. She smiled a lot and we joked about and exchanged light pleasantries.My only issues overall, which are minor, are missing my order for the oysters (I just let it go) and accidentally charging me for the Pink Squirrel, which was however quickly corrected. These really do not pose anything negative about the restaurant but are just minor bumps that render it short of perfection and can easily be improved upon. Again, my waiter did a solid job but, at least for this client, smiling, small talk, and creating a sense of ease and good rapport are invaluable tools to ensure repeat customers. That said, I can certainly see myself coming here again. I feel the staff truly do care about providing their clients with an impeccable dining experience and that is why I provide the constructive criticism.
3	This place is a mixed bag for me.  It's not bad, but there's nothing about it that screamed "make me your favorite" either.  It's an upscale place for sure and it appears to cater to the theater crowd.  The thing with theater restaurants is that if you go at 6, it's packed. If you go at 8, it's dead.   Really dead and eerily quiet because their music wasn't working.  We were the only people there, which was sort of awkward since it felt like the entire staff could hear everything we said all night.  What pulled up the star rating was the Lobster Mac-N-Cheese.  Completely worth the $16!  Creamy and flavorful with a hint of herbs (which also make it look extra good).  Big chunks of lobster and bread crumbs on the top rounded it out nicely.Overall, I just didn't get a warm and fuzzy feeling from this place, despite the good food.   I would describe it more as stuffy and uppity than warm and inviting.   I might try it again in the dining room since the food was good, but then again, maybe not.
4	Best business lunch in town. This place is a block away from my office so it's hard not to go here weekly if not daily. Great place to take clients, your boss, or a lunch date.
5	This was a great eating experience. Started with the fiox and the salad. Foix is rich and tasty. We then had the scallops and the steak. Scallop dish might be the best I've ever had. The Swiss chard with the scallops is a great pairing and the sweet potato puree is like desert with your dinner. the steak dish has a blue cheese hash that is ridiculously flavorful and pairs perfectly with the steak. Service was fantastic. Ali rocks. And cam from the kitchen came out to provide a little personal touch, along with JP. Cool drink selections as well. Very happy with our overall night and definitely suggest it for a romantic night out
2	Came here for happy hour on a Friday after work. Got a seat at the bar and ordered the happy hour special - a $3 domestic beer. The bartender essentially scoffed at my husband and I and told us to expand our horizons and order a seasonal beer ($17 for Southern Tier Pumking). Why offer a happy hour special of it comes with a heavy side of judgment? I know this place is considered upscale, but I could do without the pretentiousness.
