1	I had the Brisket Sandwich which included one side and a large drink for $10.36 today.The Brisket Sandwich was tasteless. It came packed with plenty of fat which I had to remove by hand. The beans were hard, I never have had hard beans before today. There was even a small bone that I bit on while eating the sandwich.I can safely say that there are better BBQ options in the general area.
4	Brand spankin new.  Staff flits about like hummingbirds, primping, tidying, friendlying up patronage with check-ins and cookie samples.   There's a real executive chef supervising the highly visible goings on behind the glass partition between the dining and food prep areas.  There is real pro-culinary experience back there.  The breads are baked fresh on premises daily.     A surprising amount of variety can be found in the menu, with all the usuals, plus a few nifties like the Meaty Spud, a crispy-shell bbq-taco-salad thing, or a 10 oz burger.     The breads are baked fresh on premises daily.      Lunch prices were very reasonable for a sandwhich+side+drink combo.  Take home prices for meat were a little less thrifty. They make batches for each day and don't keep food for the next day, though, so if you come in 3-4pm you get a discount on the selection that does remain.   There will be tweaking with a place this new, such as a conversation Daren and I had with Chef J about kicking up his special sauce a notch or two on the heat, which he happily heard us say, since he'd originally had it much hotter, and told us to plan for it to be next time.     We've got our eye on the burger, which Chef J and the owner both talked up as a custom crafted 80/20 chuck recipe that will endure minimal processing or handling, never frozen, cooked over a charcoal grill.  Guess where and when the buns are freshly baked?
4	I got lost with a co-worker over in the Deer Valley airpark Friday around lunchtime.  Saw signs for a "Now Open" BBQ restaurant and wanted to give it a try.  I was in the mood for some BBQ and ordered the plate with pulled pork and briscut.  The food was cooked really well, but didn't have sauce... until we got to the table where we had the option for 4 different sauces.  I tried all four, which were good, but the chef's special sauce had a zip that suited me well.Co worker got what looked to be one of the best burgers I've seen (and if you check my reviews, you'll know I love good burgers and good sushi).  Co-worker LOVED the burger, which was HUGE (they claimed 10oz, and I actually believe that),  Said that bun was really fresh and soft, unlike so many buns that overwhelm the burger.I'd give it 4.5 stars (if that were an option) holding back from 5 stars only until they can prove consistency... and I'll find my way back this week to give the burger a shot... so check back to see if it is as good as it looks (and my co-worker claims).I say give this one a shot.  I'll be going back!
3	Saw the sign for this place for weeks on end. Finally got a chance to go there on my lunch break. I Tried the pull pork sandwich when I checked this place out. The pork was good and they give you a good amount. I really like the bread that the sandwich was served on. Very light and fluffy. They were pretty stingy with the sides as I got the potato salad. It was good but so far I prefer Shane's BBQ over this place which is right down the street from here. Ill give the place another try cause the burger looked really good. And the bbq sauces also were very good. They need to give you more sides though. The prices are a bit steep. For $10.68 I don't think I got my moneys worth. But for a place that just opened, its not bad to check out. Just don't expect to find any kind of $1 value menu in the place.
4	I have been here 2 times already. Once for the obligatory pulled pork sandwich and once for the recommended burger. Pulled pork, nice texture, flavor and size. There was nothing wrong with this meat. It was not dry, over saturated or oily. It could use more smoke but that is just me. Add the fresh made bun and several options for sauce it was a great sandwich...served with frys this time. The Burger... oh the burger... this is what I will be craving from here. They make a fresh, hand pattied, thick burger. Cooked to your own temp over a charcoal grill, no flat top crap here. Topped with what ever you want. I really enjoyed this burger. I asked the chef (J) if I should go with the classic mustard or BBQ it up? He suggested I use the NEW spicy BBQ sauce. It was fan-dam-tastic. I added the mac and cheese and it was a solid choice too. The place is clean, staff is friendly.
5	OK, that burger was awesome.  It clearly earned Ric's the final star!  I can't wait to go back once i recover from the last one!  YUM!
5	after going back for a second visit for the burger, I moved these guys up to 5 stars, because they're classy, clean, use fresh high quality food, and are responsive to customers.Ric's is the best place to go get BBQ in the area, because they cook the meat in such a way that you don't have to go around smelling like a campfire all day, just for having set foot in their store.FUDANGAH !
1	Ric's "where's the smoke" Smokehouse BBQ & Grill needs to rethink their restaurant strategy quickly or they will find themselves closing faster than what it took them to open....I reeeaaalllyyyy wanted to like this place!  I'm a huge fan of BBQ and a fan of small business owners.  They are somewhat handicapped with a location that has gobbled up prior restaurants that closed almost as fast as they opened, never to be heard from again....  But it was their choice to open a Restaurant in this spot."Where's the smoke"?  One of the first things you will notice about Ric's Smokehouse when you enter is there isn't any wonderful aromas of cooked BBQ, smoked or otherwise.  There is no BBQ aroma, What the heck?  You should always smell some kind of aromatic BBQ goodness when you enter a BBQ, especially when the word "smoke" is in their name!After a completely disastrous first visit with horrible food and poor service I held back on writing my Yelp review to give this new business an opportunity to work through the kinks. I shared my concerns about their food with the people at Ric's in hopes they would consider making some changes that would help them.  Now that I have been back twice since my first visit and the issues I pointed out during my first visit still exist.  I don't feel so bad at all in letting my Yelp friends know that Eek! Methinks not! when it comes to choosing Ric's Smokehouse BBQ & Grill as a BBQ place to eat at.Food ~ they offer four to five different selections of BBQ sauce, which two of them are really good.  Pork sandwich comes with one side at $7.99 when other BBQ places give you two sides for the same price.  The pork on all three visits was over cooked with no smoke rings.  When pork is over cooked the ends of the pork become very dry, hard and chewy.  It taste a little like pork jerky.  Now they keep their pork in an au jus but it still over cooked and the au jus just soaks into the bun and does not keep the pork moist.  The bun they use is very tasty and they toast it.  The sides ~ not so good...The brisket was pretty good however they sever it with the fat still on it.  Some fat might be ok but when the fat is 1/4 of the portion of meat your getting it's not so good.  Again it too is missing the aroma of BBQ  and a smoke ring.  The first potato salad was disgusting since they used frozen potatoes, however during my last visit the potato salad wasn't much better.  The mac-y-cheese and baked beans were huge flops with little to no flavor.  Most of their food is supposed to come with either a cheese biscuit or cornbread.  They keep forgetting to give that to their customers and when you ask for it, they give it to you cold, blah...I'm not going to elaborate on the service since this review is already way too long.This owner needs to rethink their business strategy and get some culinary help and advise quickly!  Buy a smoker maybe?  Their are other BBQ options in and around the Phoenix metro ~ all of them are much better than this place unfortunately.
5	I love a good bbq and this place knows what they're doing.  The menu is simple but what they do is done to perfection.  The staff and owners are super friendly and made sure everything was up to snuff.  The only drawback is that they are not open much past lunch so if you're in the mood for Ric's for dinner, you're out of luck at the moment.
3	This is a really weak 3.  If it wasn't for the burger being alright the place would have been a 2.  My first trip there I got the pulled pork sandwich with macaroni and cheese.  The pork was dry but dripping with the au jus it sits in waiting to be used.  I tried 3 of the 4 sauces and found one I like and used a lot of.  I really did not care for the macaroni and cheese or the cold cheese biscuit.  On my second trip Ryan and Daren had convinced me to try the burger.  The meat had a nice char to it and the ingredients were fresh, the bun was mush before I was done eating it.  The cole slaw was ok.  I noticed they are now down to 3 sauces which is ok as the one I like was still there.  Both times the orders came correctly and service was pleasant enough.  The one trip I made to the restroom it was clean and orderly.
4	I came here for lunch with (burger snob) Daren C. and Ryan C.  So normally at a bbq place I would get the pulled pork but this time I got a bacon cheese burger.  Well Daren did not steer me wrong because this plase serves an excellent burger.  They do not skimp with the bacon either.  Next time I will be trying the pulled pork.  If it is half as good as the burger I will be happy.
2	I live less than 2 miles from here and was really hoping it would be a good neighborhood bbq joint. The staff appeared to be new to the food serving industry, but they tried to be friendly and were mostly successful. Man, I hate to be critical of places, especially new small business trying to make it but.. When I go to a smokehouse bbq place, I almost always ask what kind of wood they use since I sell smoking wood chips as part of my business. Problem here was I could barely smell any smoke. This was an immediate worry. The first two people I asked didn't have a clue what wood they used- What?? Note to owner: Teach staff what wood you use, it is a fairly big part of the smoking process. I ordered the pulled pork with beans and mac n cheese. The pork sandwich was a decent portion, however, as suspected, there was not much smoke flavor at all. Now you can definitely go too far the other way and ruin good meat by smoking it too long, but a decent chef should know what he is doing. The meat was actually mushy as if it were being held in a vat of juice or water. Not the way to do it. The sides were all of 2 bites each. the beans were ho hum and the mac and cheese was made with joint compound it was so pasty!  These are such easy mistakes to overcome, they need not be. Give people decent food and decent service and they will love you. Try to cut corners, forget it. Sometimes experiences sound horrible only because they were simply disappointing.
1	Here's why you should go -- Their pull pork sandwich is very good!  House specialty BBQ is very good!  Fries are good!Here's why you shouldn't go and all of you out there that ever worked in the food industry can relate.  Don't treat your employees like Poop! Especially, not in front of me or any other patrons of the restaurant. Story: We place our order with the counter gal and she relays the message one at a time to Ric. Ric yells, "How bout you tell me how many burgers total instead of telling me one by one"!  Then asked everyone else in the restaurant "Does anybody else want a burger!" while shaking his head. The gal was mortified and was holding back her tears. I felt bad! I felt so uncomfortable sitting there eating. Needless to say my burger was over spiced and too salty!  Why? I ask would you do such a thing!?  Does it make him feel empowered by such actions!?  It was uncalled for!You, yes you out there that ever worked in an environment with a crappy boss knows what I mean.  Overall the food was pretty good, but in the end Ric left a bad taste in my mouth! - Enjoy!
4	Driven by many times.  Decided to stop for lunch today.  Ordered the salad with pulled pork and Carolina BBQ sauce for dressing.  Really, really good with plentiful portions.  Saw a couple of potential lunchers strolling by and suggested they go inside and get the same thing.  I'll be back with friends.
5	Came for lunch again with Daren c.  I had a bacon cheeseberger again.  I swear next time I am going to try something else besides the burger.  Maybe pulled pork or maybe loaded baked potato.
5	I have been back many times, even brought others with me. They even are craving it too!I still say the burger is perfect. Exactly the way I "would" cook it. I alternate the pulled pork and the burgers. The huge tater looks soo good!
5	PORK BURGERS !! (please, sir - I'm using that as an adjective, not a verb)ahem THEY HAVE PORK-BURGERS !! A delicious addition to the menu. The only problem is, I already had a short list of must-try-it-next-time that I can never seem to get to, since everything I've had I loved so much I didn't want to order anything else.( until the next time Ric or Chef J talked me into trying something new, that is )This is the new favorite.  I don't even put any catsup or sauce on it, just meat, bread, veggies. French fries are hand-cut and double fried to a crispy-chewy constistency that is rare and satisfying.I really mean to try to 'Loaded Spud' and the chopped chicken someday, but between the burger, porkburger, and pulled pork, I may never get there.
5	Really good food. I tried the burger with cheddar and bacon, and the pulled chicken with cheese and green chile. Holy schmoly. Best burger I've had in Phoenix. Top quality beef. The chicken sandwich was generous, tasty, well seasoned. I loved the hush puppy each plate comes with and I really think it was the best one I've ever had. I felt very welcomed, and can't wait to go back. Great place for lunch!
2	I have to say that the staff here was very friendly and courteous (they earned the 2 stars) but the food was just so-so. I ordered the cheeseburger and fries with a drink. I had heard that they had a really good burger and I like a really good burger. The burger was seared nicely and had a nice grilled flavor. The lettuce and tomato were as nature intended, no more - no less. I was very disappointed in the bun. It was hard and crusty to the point of breaking when I tried to smash it down a bit.They included a hush-puppy on the plate, which seemed a bit odd with a burger. I took a bite and immediately spit it into my napkin. It was like biting into old grease since the outside was soaked in whatever frying oil they used and amazingly the center was uncooked raw corn meal. They had three sauces on the table and I squirted a bit out of the first and gave it a taste. I like either sweet and/or vinegary barbeque sauces. This was unlike anything I've experienced in any state that I've been in. And that's quite a few over the decades. This sauce was the most bitter and acrid sauce I've ever tasted and even after swishing soda in my mouth to try and clear my palate, the aftertaste was still there. It was not pleasant.After about 5 minutes and 10 drinks of soda later I tried the second sauce. It was just as bad as the first. I don't know if they had some bad batches or not, but there was no way I was trying the third sauce.Like I said, the staff was nice and the atmosphere was pleasant... but you can't eat ambiance.
5	I am really surprised to see the average rating for Rics. The burgers are far better then average. The pork is above average. The sides are the only thing I can think that is average. For 10 bucks you get a 9oz, hand pattied, flame grilled burger cooked to order. Fresh baked bun and all the toppings the normally come with, Hand cut fries, a pickle AND a drink I can see the less then 5 stars the first week but they have been consistently improving every month. For those of you who has not had a great meal... talk to chef J or Ric, I am sure they would like to hear what happened or what they can do to improve. Now that my PSA is over... lets get back to the food. If you are really really craving some meat... get the Piggy Back Burger. It is the 9oz burger with a heaping pile of pulled pork on top. I will upload the picture tomorrow...it was too much for my laptop to handle. LOL**I added the piggyback to the pictures
2	With so many good BBQ places in the NW valley, Ric's would be an "also-ran".  The service and staff are some of the nicest people but the food wasn't to my liking.  I had the Hot Links Hoagie with "caramelized onions". The sausage was good but it was really about a half serving on a bun and the onions were not caramelized at all, they were quasi-grilled with some seasoning thrown on them, (and they were half raw). My wife had the pulled pork sandwich and it was adequate, nothing to rave about.  I had the mac & cheese side and it was disappointing.  Kind of had a crust on it like it had been sitting under a heat lamp too long.  Wife had the potato salad and she liked it, said it had a "zip" to it.  I tried it and it reminded me of a packaged "resers" salad that may have been doctored a little in lieu of actually making homemade salad.  I would go to Pork on a Fork, Shane's at Happy Valley Town Center, or Bobby Q's rather than Ric's.
4	This place is great!  The food was tasty, the BBQ sauce selections tasty.  They also make their own ice cream there which was tasty as well.  Definitely headed back.  We had a sampler platter to try out the different meats and they were all tasty!  Sides were average, although the beans were awesome!  (don't be deceived, they look like regular beans, but they are barbecue beans and have a good kick to them!). As for not smelling like a smokehouse...due to space etc they use a special smoker. While we were dating we sat by the owner and he told us all about what they use, how they smoke their meat, etc.  So if you want to know, just ask and they'll tell you.  Definitely give this place a try!
5	Stop Driving By this place and eat here.
4	This place is just down the street from us. I'm assuming it gets more business from the corporate workers M-F and then from the patrons from the hotels in the area. However, we decided to stop on in (we drive by it almost every day!).  They have the huge menu with specials on the wall so its easy to decide what you want. We approached the counter to order and the customer service was just such a delight. The person greeted us very warmly and asked if we had any questions. I asked about the coleslaw to see how it was prepared. She let me try a bit of it to make sure I'd like it if I was to order it with the meal. It was pretty good, not really too creamy at all. It was really light. We ended up ordering/sharing the 3 meat platter (to sample 3 of the meats) it came with 2 sides (we got coleslaw and baked beans). It was around $13-$14. But for two people, it was a deal.  So we sat down and they brought it out to us and they had 3 BBQ sauces on the table to choose from (1 honey mustard type/ 1 sweet type and one that had a bit of a kick). They all tasted quite nice. The meat was juicy and looked great. I enjoyed the chicken and pulled pork more that the brisket. The coleslaw was as expected (rather plain, but decent in texture). The beans on the other hand were not so good. They had this creaminess to them, we really didn't like (mushy) and it was rather flavorless. Oh, well, at least we tried them. We didn't order any ice cream, but apparently they make there own. Maybe we will try another time. And just a side note, we did have a good experience while were were eating also. The guy behind the counter would try to get the restaurant going with "How's everyone doing out there, hope you aren't still hungry after all that food you got!". Things like that to get a laugh out of us. It was really amusing. I like fun and unique places like this. It felt comfortable and it stood out to us. (Not cookie cutter).  We will being going back to try the other items...there was a loaded baked potato with your choice of meat I just gotta try! :o)
5	great BBQ and awesome sauces.  staff was great.  i will go out of my way to stop in to Ric's!  Looking forward to my next visit and seeing more of their expansions, and trying out more menu options.  had the pulled pork and brisket...top notch!
5	I moved to phoenix about a year ago and was very happy when I found this place today. The overall environment of the restaurant immediately took me back home, enjoying football Saturdays over a smoked chicken with friends. The staff was very friendly and made me feel very welcome for my first time there. Overall I was very impressed with the food, having been to many restaurants in the area over the past year it was refreshing to find a BBQ joint with my kind of flavor. With so many different tastes for BBQ out there its easy to see why some people wouldn't like this place. If you are a fan of BBQ then I suggest this place, it might not exactly be for you but don't  count it out before you get a taste.
5	Best BBQ I've had in the state of AZ!  We go almost every week for our fill of BBQ. The pulled pork is scrumptious and you can tailor it to your liking by adding your favorite sauce. Their BBQ is all slow cooked and melts in your mouth. The Brisket is awesome but they run out of it so quickly! I am soooo glad they extended their hours and very pleased with the hot sauces that are supplied by a local provider!!
5	For those of you on this side of town you know we have limited lunch options (good ones anyway) Rics is on our general rotation. The reason they are is because they are good. If you tried them back in the day and did not care for it one way or the other... go again. They have tweaked the menu to give us what we asked for. Quality food and reasonable prices. I would rather spend $10 here then $7 at burger king. I have had a burger over cooked but it was remade asap and was perfect after that. The burger is my go to because it is a grilled perfection of charred beef patty!
4	Maybe I am BBQ starved because I am from Seattle, but I thought the place was decent and I have Kansas City as a reference point where I lived for 10 years. The meat is tender and the sauces good. Nice to have 4 different choices. I was visiting from out of town and ate here a couple of times. Ambiance is good. Place is clean including the rest rooms, a challenge for greasy, smokey BBQ joints. I would suggest he serve two sides with each lunch order instead of one, or maybe one side and a drink. When lunch hits the $10 mark it needs to. But I think you should try it for yourself and decide. BBQ is kind of a personal taste kind of thing. I liked their cole slaw, get that as a side. Beans were decent.
2	Food is good service is terrible. I phoned in an order for pick up 15min prior to showing up and the fries had not even been dropped yet, as I have a very limited amount of time for lunch as most people it did not leave time to even finish my food. I have not been to Rics in over a year because of prior service, but thought I would give them another try. Oh well, maybe I will try again next year.
2	I had a craving for good BBQ and this was a disappointment. Ordered $35 worth of food and did not enjoy most of it. The pulled pork was okay. The brisket was mediocre. The chicken was okay. The beans were under cooked and pretty bad. Threw that away. The sauces were decent. I just ended up asking my father in law to make some brisket since I couldn't find anyone to buy some good southern style brisket.  The staff was extremely nice and the place is really clean. Inside and a little outside seating. The portions were really small though so I was not impressed.
2	Ric's is right near my work, so they get a lot of business from my coworkers, especially my boss. Because of this, I end up there a few times a month.If I would have yelp when Chef J was here, this place likely would have received 4 stars. But he's gone now, and so it appears is any of the appeal of coming here on my own. I know this is a review, and I'm sure I should be very detailed, but I wouldn't expect to leave this place with a smile on your face in regards to the food, service, or ambiance. It's not total crap, they do get two stars I guess, the food is edible, its not a total sh*thole, but lately it has just been "meh". I'd recommend passing on Rics for now and going to Pork On A Fork or unfortunately even Shane's.
5	Awesome pulled pork! I love that you can add your own sauce, there are different flavor choices. I stopped in one day for lunch, was in teh area and had never tried it. I was plesantly surprised and will definately go back again!
5	My wife and I just had the pulled pork sandwich... I added some of the chef special bbq sauce to give the sandwich a bit of an euphoric feeling. Very pleased.
1	Have to say I have passed this several timds and really excited to finally try it! So sadly disappointed! The pulled pork was decent but the brisket was very fatty and swimming in oil (grease). The mac n cheese was horrible! Dry, almost no cheese and old like I got the last scoop of the night! Cole slaw was more like a bowl of cabbage. No flavor at all and dry!! No sauce or dressing at all! This place is mostly popular at lunch and maybe the food is better then but NOT for dinner!! Really sad to print this......sorry won't be returning or recommending! Price way too high for this low quality :(
2	So just stopped in while I was getting my car worked on. I went with the 1/2 rack ribs, slaw, and tater salad. Not impressed. When I asked for a good recommendation the counter guy just told me "everything is good." Not really what I was looking for... The ribs were just ok, much fattier than most, the potato salad was runny and just had too much sauce. Slaw was pretty good. Overall it was ok for a quick stop to fill up, I just probably won't be back especially since I spent $20 for mediocre BBQ. Bobby Q is where I'll be next time I'm looking for great BBQ.
4	A darn good burger today..  Cooked perfectly.That secret extra spicy sauce in the back is great, don't hide that.Service is great.  A little heavy on the "everything ok" inquiries.  Its fine to ask at the end.  During meal usually people will signal if they need something, either verbally or non-verbally.I'll be back for more.
4	The place is small, but comfortable booths. Small bar and TV in a corner, but this is mainly a place to eat. We split a pulled pork wrap and each had a side of the gumbo. They offered to bring out on two plates, which was nice. Pulled pork was excellent, but really loved the gumbo! Wide variety of BBQ sauces to choose from. Beer selection limited, but pretty good. 3 micro brews out of four taps. We will be back.
2	Disappointing. Had the brisket sandwich and Mac and cheese. The meat tasted like what you would find in a deli at the grocery store, did not seem smoked. The Mac and cheese was grainy from some reason. Staff was nice but don't think I will be back.
5	Great little place off my normal path. I was able to try the slow cooked brisket sandwich which was very tender and flavorful. They also make the own BBQ sauces which great mixture of spices in them. Very friendly staff with a nice concern of my experience.      I'm coming back, there's a lot of items I need to try! Oh yeah price is right too!
5	I was hungry for BBQ and seeked-out a good southern style BBQ place and found Ric's. It is a bit out of the way, but it is worth the trip to try the BBQ.  I happen to have a sampler of every thing plus I ordered Ric's burger.  First, before I get into the food I want to say the place was clean and organized. I noticed they served beer as well. The kitchen from the counter looked clean as well. Second, the service was friendly and on the ball.  They seemingly take an interest in serving me. Finally, the BBQ was very good.  I had all the meats they make from a sampler the owner gave me.  Every singe one of the meats was tender and full of smoke flavor, except the pulled pork this day lacked the smokey taste, but nevertheless was still tender.  The hamburger is one of the best in the Phoenix area that I've had. The meat again was tender and flavorable, full of life. The BBQ sauces were wonderfully flavored with a mix of spices, certainly unique. The prices were fair as well.  This was a great BBQ experience. I'm going to try it again to make sure!
3	I went back to sample the food again. I have a few new views. The meat is too smokey flavored, sort of smoothers the natural flavor of the meat.  Some items are even too salty just as the turkey. Ric's burger was great. The pulled pork was flavorless ironically. The BBQ sauces are good.
3	Stopped in for lunch to go.  No greeting while I stood at the counter waiting to order and two employees looked at me.  Ordered brisket sandwich and fries.  Fries were ok but they were dripping in grease.  The brisket was very tender but lacking in flavor.  I loaded it with chefs special sauce and it was much better.  The carolina sauce tasted like French's mustard with paprika and a little bit of onions.  It made for good sauce to dip my fries.  All things considered I would give them a B-
3	I went in out of convenience and find myself looking at an extensive menu. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich despite the high price and figured the portion would make it worth my while. It was served on a regular bun  in not so much abundance. Flavor was okay but I had to add the sauce myself and the meat was a bit stringy perhaps overcooked. The gumbo was delicious but the "homemade ice cream" was frozen solid and tasted old and frost bitten. Overall I would only order the gumbo if ever returning.
3	If you are looking for a balanced meal do not come here. We shared the 3-meat plate with tasty meat + 2 sides: beans and fries. The sides tasted homemade. Good. No cornbread, or roll for the meat. They were out of cole-slaw.However, a green vegetable or salad--nada, nyet! It was quiet in there, which was nice
1	Slowest service I've ever seen. Severely understaffed. Waited over 25 minutes for food to arrive. And it was slow.
1	No ambience, poor air conditioning.  Music sucks.  Really, really slow service.  26 min to prepare lunch.  Small portions.  Turkey sandwich is just a small plain bun and turkey.
2	My meaty potato(brisket) was excellent. Service is slow and not good. Drinks are soda, beer and  black tea. Not having one hydrating drink in AZ is ridiculous. GF's chicken was too salty, her kiddo loved the pulled pork potato. Air conditioning woefully inadequate!
5	Awesome. Came in on a whim for lunch and had the lunch special. Pork had a great smoke taste to it, and plenty of bbq sauce to choose from for topping. Had the fries as a side and was more than pleased with my choice... they were bomb! Shout out to the service as well, the chef came over to ask how our meal was as well as clear our plates. Would definitely recommend and visit again.
1	This restaurant is terrible!  My wife picked up two BBQ brisket sandwiches and the meat was tasteless and dryed out;  not mention the shitty sauce and white bun it was served on. It was a $20 rip in the a$$.
5	Came here hoping to get an awesome grilled burger and that's exactly what I got. Also came with some delicious homemade fries. Food looks to be prepared fresh, not frozen. Other items I saw being served to other customers looked good too. Came back again today for the burger, but I'll be trying their pulled pork next time.
3	Ok for what it is. Not a lick of smoke smell in the place. BBQ sause choices are ok in flavor. I like my smoked meats to have tons of smoke flavor and theirs is mild to ummmmm this is smoked meat.will eat there again but won't go out of my way for it
1	Can't believe  this place is even open. I went at 4 and was literally the only one there. Stood around in dining room for a good 5 minutes before someone finally came out of the kitchen. The staff wasn't able to ring in my order and they were out of the first 3 things I asked for. Finally they figured how to use the register but when i handed them a $20 they looked like they had seen a ghost! They were both once again baffled by the register. A good 15 minutes had now passed and they hadn't even started cooking anything i asked for my money back  and left. Shame, i live in the area and love bbq.
5	This restaurant is my go-to place for BBQ food! Their meats are always tender and flavorful, plus the staff is very helpful and friendly! AWESOME fresh French fries too. I'm always surprised when I come here to find that it's never too busy-- it's like a well kept secret. Definitely going to keep stopping by.
2	Just ok bbq. The place is nothing special, portions are weak. If you're in the neighborhood, do yourself a favor and go to pork on a fork.
1	Not greeted when we walked. Seemed to be an annoyance we were there. Gross outside and in. Cigarette butts littered the outside and everything was sticky and grimy inside. Dirty silverware and dirty employees. Gross
5	My meals are 99% awesome. Rics has been consistently inconsistent... but times are changing. I have had over cooked hamburger, but it happens. Service has been 99% good. I have had a grumpy girl or a new guy, but it happens. I have had pulled pork, bbq brisket, burgers, Turkey, gumbo, potatoes, chicken. Has it all been the best I have ever had.... no, but it has been good. They strive to give us what we want. If there is a favorite you have had in another place ask, they might accommodate you. Today I had the Double D. Puled pork and brisket on 3 slices of grilled texas toast. The damn thing didn't need sauce. There was that much flavor. It was a meat lovers dream. Gary, the big guy, who said he has been here about a year, and enjoys the betterment of each client that walks in, said there is 7 oz of meat in the Double D. We all know more then a handful... what? Oh... Ok ... The lawyer said I can't say that. You know what I mean.I guess the bbq karma gods are on my side.
1	Ill start by saying this. As I sit here eating my "food" I realize why I'm the only person in here. The one star is only because the guy begin the counter was polite. This is a horrible excuse for BBQ. I ordered the two plate meal. 15 bucks. You get two sides and two rolls. Waited about ten minutes which should be expected from a BBQ place. My dinner just came and let's just say the price is a little steep. Poor quality and no flavor dry dry dry. Do not get the ribs. I mean two ribs ? Really and there old and chewy. I wonder how many I these five star reviews are from family members. Hopefully they read these reviews. This is bad bad bad bad
