4	Big Jimmy's recently opened in the complex on Apache, a couple doors down from the Food City. Their main thing is $5 large, 1-topping pizzas. Though they have other stuff on the menu, like wings, salads, and sandwiches, and specialty pizzas for $10. Since they are brand new and within walking distance, I decided to give them a try with a nice standard - a large pepperoni $5 pizza.The dough was nice and soft, with a bit of chewiness, and they didn't skimp on the one topping; there was plenty of pepperoni on it. They also offer free crust flavorings (butter, butter parmesan, butter garlic parmesan, and some others I'm forgetting), which was a nice touch. I know Hungry Howie's also does crust flavorings, but I find Hungry Howie's crust to be almost unchewably tough, so Big Jimmy's beats them there. The main detractor I think was that the pizza was a little greasy, but I've had greasier. Overall the pizza was good, cheesy, and my boyfriend and I made short work of it.As for the business, the guy on the phone was friendly when I called to make the order, and woman behind the counter when I got there was also friendly. I was only in there a few minutes to pick up my pizza, but I live nearby so I know that the unit was previously empty, and so everything inside is pretty much brand new and sparkling clean. They've got a few tables inside to eat there as well.I'm sure I'll be ordering from Big Jimmy's again. There's simply no getting around the fact that a $5 pizza (with tax: $5.44) is a hell of a deal, and it's pretty tasty pizza. Another bonus is their hours - they're open until 3am during the week, and 4am on Fridays and Saturdays.
5	This place was great! For $10 worth of food they will deliver all the way to Scottsdale road and McDowell. And the food was hot and tasty!
5	Terrific. The pizza is close enough to when I lived in Philly, and the flavored crust is great. The chicken is great, I tried the hot.
5	Da bomb
5	TL;dr Same price as Hungry Howies, but better pizza just by a littleI always pass by this place because I take the light-rail. At some point I decided that I should probably check it out on Yelp, and if the reviews are positive I would make a quick visit here.Thanks Yelp! If I didn't read some of the positive reviews, I probably would have never stopped by what sounds to be a sketch pizza place next to Food City. I think Big Jimmy's stole "mucho sabor" (lots of flavor) from Food City and put it all into their pizza. It was great, especially for $5.More topppings than Hungry Howies, a healthy amount of greese, and a perfectly well-done crust make Big Jimmy's my new favorite $5 large pizza. I'd say that HHs and BJs are very close, except HHs crust is always a slight task to eat, where as BJs crust was very soft and more enjoyable to finish.Of course, I might have to go to HHs just because my friends might not want pizza from a place that sounds so sketch. Its not sketch, its just amazing pizza.
5	AAAAAAAAAAAAMAAAAAAAAAAAAZZZZZZZZZZZZZZEEEEEEEEEEEE.$5 for a very tasty, nicely made pizza PIE. wooooop!!!Fast service, quality ingredients. Their website is kinda meh, but their pizzas rule for the price!!! Mostly a to go place.. they also sling toasted subs, salads, wings, etc.Also, big awesome? Their Mushroom pizzas use FRESH MUSHROOMS. no slimy canned fungus! woot!
3	Pretty good! I ordered a $5 pizza, hot wings, and Greek salad for delivery which didn't take too long for lunchtime on the weekend. Pizza was pretty ok- have to say I think I prefer Hungry Howie's by a bit for the same price (just personal preference), but I loved the wings and salad. They were both awesome. Wings had plenty of meat and sauce and salad was large with lots of toppings. Try it out
4	Good, good Pizza at a great price. The people that work there are really nice too.
5	Great food, fast, and cheap. Reminds me of Pizza Hut and definitely a great way to feed a bunch of people on the cheap. Fresh ingredients, I would patron them again.
5	I went here at about 3am and ordered a large pizza, some bbq hot bone in wings, and the cheezy bread. Everything was delicious! The cheezy bread was the best I've had in a while and they even have flavored crust.
5	If you're in the market for a five dollar pizza (and let's face it, we've all been in that market), Big Jimmy's is THE place to go!  Hands. Down.Is it the best pizza in Tempe?  Probably not.  Is it some of the best pizza in Tempe?  Arguably yes.  Is it the best value?  By far.  For five dollars you get a great large pizza with one topping and (if you're into it) a flavored crust.As far as the pizza goes, it's REALLY REALLY GOOD!  Yeah, it's a five dollar pizza, but setting aside the price, it's still a very, very yummy pizza.  The crust tastes great, and unlike some other five dollar joints, the crust serves as more than just a cardboard-like medium upon which to transport cheese, sauce, and toppings to your face.  Big Jimmy's crust actually tastes great!  It's nice and soft and has nice pockets of crispness.  Plus, you can get it "flavored" (basically just seasonings on the exposed outer rim - like Hungry Howie's if you've been there).  The sauce is also quite good, and they put on the perfect amount.  Some cheap pizza joints go way to easy on the sauce, but these guys keep it in proportion so it play's its proper role.  The sauce is very nice, and has a bit of heat and spice (not too much, anyone will like it, but it really adds to the pizza).  The toppings are also very fresh and flavorful, and the cheese is generous and melty (what else can one say about pizza cheese?).The service was quick and the staff was very friendly.If you're in the mood for more than just pizza, they also have wings and subs (which I have yet to try).  Plus, if you're really hungry (or need to feed more than just a couple people), they have great combo deals, or an 18" 1 topping pizza for $9.  They do deliver, and they're open until freaking 3AM every night (4AM on Friday and Saturday).So, in summary, if you're in the mood for some damn good pizza, Big Jimmy's is hard to beat unless you're willing to spend a bunch more and do something like Spinato's (which is better, but Big Jimmy's will still hold it's own against them).  Skip Hungry Howie's, skip Little Caesars, skip Domino's, please god skip the frozen pizza aisle, and hit up Big Jimmy's.  Your tummy and your wallet will thank you!
5	Forget Little Caesar's (if you already didn't).  Forget Hungry Howie's.Go to Big Jimmy's if you want a five dollar pizza.Coming back from a bar on the light rail, my boyfriend and I noticed the "$5 PIZZA!" sign hanging in front of this restaurant.  I was drunk and had the munchies hardcore, so we decided to get off the train and walk over.  To be honest, I wasn't expecting much.  It was a cheap hole in the wall pizza place, right next to Food City.Surprisingly, I found the pizza to be pretty frickin' delicious!  The sausage had wonderful flavor, the cheese seemed like REAL cheese (unlike that weird yellowish stuff on Little Caesars pizza ;] ) and there was just the right amount of tasty sauce.  The free seasoned crust was better than Hungry Howie's.   Actually, the entire pizza was better than a Hungry Howie's Pizza.  And we all know where Little Caesar's sits on the totem pole, so of course it was better than any Little Caesar's pizza also."Am I just drunk or is this actually really good?"  I asked my boyfriend at one point.  He replied, "no, this is actually pretty damn good."  I had my suspicions, however. I recall one drunken night, I even found Gus's Pizza to be tasty.  I know, I know.  I had a lot to drink that night...The next morning my suspicions were cleared.  We heated up the leftovers and ate them and the pizza was still super tasty.I have been back several times since, and have been itching to try their other menu items such as the wings and sandwiches.  This is the best place by ASU campus to get $5 pizza.  Actually, since I discovered it, I haven't ordered pizza from ANYWHERE else, so I can actually say this is one of the best places to get pizza in the Tempe area.
2	Decent, for a $5 pizza joint. The sauce definitely had that pre-made, paste texture; which is a pizza sin. Although, the cheese was surprisingly fresh.However, you're better off spending your $5 and getting a slice or two at somewhere else.
4	Went here for lunch the other day. The girl at the front was very friendly. I got 1 Slice of Reg Pepeperoni Pizza and it was delicious. Great spot for a cheap lunch!
1	I can't believe the reviews on this place. We recieved big jimmys flyer in the mail so we thought we would stop by and try them out.. First off it was gross watching people cooking the pizza eating while preparing the pizza's and answering the phones  Not once did I see someone wash theirs hands and its gross to be eating while you have customers in the store watching you but they didnt seem to care.. We got home with the pizza's and bread stick  EUCKKKKKKKK the pizza was doughy  the sauce had a horrible taste to it.. My husband ended up throwing it all up we wasted a whole and half of pizza no one could eat it.. the crust had so much garlic on it you could not enjoy it at all. This place is a knock off of hungry howies which I am not a fan of but I'd rather eat howies than Big Jimmy's.. The reviews from others they must not have taste buds at all......NASTY NASTY NASTY....we were so looking forward to a good pizza but this place ruined it for us..
3	I've been getting pizza ads on my door a lot lately, and Big Jimmy's is the latest newcomer. I decided to try to find the best $5 1-topping pizza in my area. While Big Jimmy's is OK, it didn't win. I'm not going to tell you who won (here). Big Jimmy's $5 deal is for a 14" "large" 1-topping pizza. Normally everywhere else, a large is 16".The crust is fluffy and merely barely painted with cheese, creating an illusion. It's not bready like Little Caesar's, which is good. If I want bread I go to the supermarket.Not much cheese, but the sauce is OK, not overly salty like Hungry Howie's, and the pepperoni is ample. They also offer crust flavorings sprinkled on -  I recommend the cajun. Overall the pizza was satisfying, didn't give me heartburn later that evening, and didn't piss me off like Little Caesar's. Give these guys a try, they're trying to make it, and every little guy deserves a fighting chance. They also have a $10 Jimmy's Special pizza which looks promising! Lots of toppings. I would've gone for that if I wasn't doing the $5 pizza challenge. They deliver late, with a $10 minimum order.Spartan seating. Located next to Food City on Apache by the Dorsey light rail station.
4	I LOVE PIZZA!!! My friend and I ordered a pepperoni pizza for carry out. The pizza was sooo good! I love the crust, it's thick and buttery. I do have other favorite pizza places, but for the price this is awesome food. I'd order again.
5	$5 for a large cajun crust pepperoni pizza? Yes please! With Big Jimmy's you're gonna get the best bang for your buck!
4	For the price, you can't beat it. I still keep hoping to find a place in AZ that is like my pizza from back home (NY). I've been to very place that claims to make NY pizza, and I'm sorry, but they just aren't. Big Jimmy's is better than ANY chain pizza, and is also cheap. I love the different crust options, too!
4	$5 large pizza that ISN'T Little Caesars? I'm already a fan. Add the fact that they flavor the crusts and offer bomb wings AND breadsticks? I'm sold.Delivery is slow, but what do you expect when it's good food on the cheap coming to your doorstep? Well worth the wait.
4	First time ordering from here.  Not fancy, but hot, filling, and tasty!Order taker was polite and efficient.The food arrived in 35 mins, piping hot.The delivery driver was polite and friendly.We got three pizzas and a sub.  The consensus on the pizza was that the toppings were plentiful and well distributed. The crust wasn't fancy (we got it plain), but had a nice texture and flavour.The sub was, "Really good!" was the most detailed response I got from spouse.We will order again.
4	When it comes to cheap pizza I am always on board. I found Jimmy's during a yelp pizza search and am glad I did. Their $5 (well $5.46 with tax) is one topping and includes one of ther flavor crust options. I got the parm/butter/garlic this time, but it was a little too much for me. I'll go with just the butter/garlic next time. The cheese is flavorful and the pepperoni that perfect mix of spicy and sweet. This pie is greasy, make no mistake. I went through a good number of napkins sopping it up. But it's so yummy!I would recommend this for an at-home movie night. The decor is basic white walls and simple chairs. It's not a place to sit and hang out. Take this home and cuddle up with someone. Or alone, as I did. And if nothing else, they deliver until 4am!Enjoy, Yelpers!
5	A large pizza for $5.46? Must taste like garbage, right? Maybe they skimp on the cheese and the meat? Wrong. These guys PILE on the toppings, especially the sausage! I'm totally down for the butter crust. Long wait time? Is ten mins too slow? Even at 2:50am they were happy to make me a pizza, thanks!!
4	I love this place. I have been ordering pizza from here since literally the first week it opened. It is affordable and much better than anything you will get from Hungry Howies, Dominos, or Little Caesar. The best part is that they deliver $5 pizzas with only a $2 delivery fee. You get a one topping pizza for 5 dollars and they do not differentiate between what is a premium ingredient or not. For example, you can get a feta cheese pizza for the same price as a pepperoni. In the beginning the crust was a little inconsistent but now that they have gotten into a groove it is my go to place for a late night za.
2	place was filthy, last time.  all tables were dirty, counter, doors, windows.. nasty.
5	Nice!Cheap, fast, great pizza.  $5 will get you a one topping large, and $9 will snag an extra large.  For the price, you can't beat it.  They'll do pizza right, and deliver it to your door in less than an hour.I would call this more of a delivery or pick-up place than anything else.  They have only a few tables, so I wouldn't recommend this as a sit down pizza joint unless things are slow--they fill up very quickly.  The floors and walls are concrete or brick, the table and chairs are spartan.  Never mind the furnishings or the decor.  It's all about the pizza here.  Service is great.
4	Cleaned it up a lil...
1	Nothing to see here folks, keep on moving. Big Jimmy needs some big help. The pizza is more like a doughy bread with toppings on it because even during a reheating process, the crust never gets crispy, it remains somehow amazingly bready and bendable. The crust had slightly more flavor than Howie's, but i also had a 5AM surprise with Jimmy's that was very exclusive to this pizza. This lasted several hours and now at noon, I am finally ready to start eating again. Keep your expectations low and keep an extra roll of TP on hand for the full Jimmy's experience.   Jimmy knows TP.
4	I had a flyer on my door when I got home from work today and since I didn't feel like cooking, I decided to give them a try. I checked their website out online and then gave them a call for delivery. The guy who answered the phone was very friendly and patient while taking my order and getting the information he needed. The pizza arrived in the quoted time and the delivery guy was also friendly and professional. The pizza was worth the price and you do get a lot for your money. I would order from them again.
4	They make a pretty dang good pizza, especially for $5 (if you pickup).It's good stuff, and reheats well. The best I've had so far since I moved here.
4	As far as $5 pizzas go, Big Jimmy's is among the top two for the area. The toppings were generous and the pizza was delicious. Just enough cheese and just enough sauce on top of a surprisingly satisfying crust. I got my pizzas after 2:00 am and the staff was super friendly, and although they said 20 minutes, it was closer to 10 minutes.
1	I attempted to place an order here tonight and was shot down by the person taking the phone because I was on the other side of their border for delivery. Even after offering to order extra items and add another delivery charge on top of it. Good Job of throwing away a 50 dollar order and at least 15 dollars in tip for your driver.
5	I was impressed.  I had really low expectations and it turned out to be one of the better delivery pizzas around here.  Would recommend most definitely.
4	It's not the best pizza in the world, but for 5 bucks for a 14 inch one topping pie, it's pretty darn good! Their steak and cheese sandwich and wings are pretty tasty too and also are very affordable. They deliver really late (I think 3 am?) as well and have a decent delivery radius. The staff is always friendly and nice. They have a few tables but I consider it a strictly carry out or delivery place.
4	Up until last night, this place was 5+ stars for me.  The service is always excellent across the board, the delivery is always on time if not a little early, and they are always happy to provide the little "extras" (napkins, parmesan, etc), which actually show up in the delivery!My only complaint is that the food is a little inconsistent.  The first time our wings were the best ever, hands down, and the pizza was as excellent as the price!  This latest order brought a so-so pizza, and the sauces were definitely NOT the same as our orders in the past. For a relatively new business, it's expected that there are kinks to work out.  Once they get their groove going, I think this place will truly rock 5 stars for me.
2	Fodd is definatly inconsistent. the first time we came here the pizza was great, so we tried something different and ordered the toasted sub which are great, had a pizza delivered this weekend not so great, it seemed to be half cooked and the side of the pizza was smushed like the driver was driving crazy to deliver. also this time wings were not so good. to bad little ceasers were closed :(
5	A VERY good pizza!I have tried the mushroom & pepperoni toppings, both on special crusts. Both were incredible and I cannot wait to crack open the onion-topped pizza too. As a first-timer, the employee made me feel welcome and explained the pizzas. He gave candid recommendations that I believe were spot on. Thanks!
5	Great pizza and cheap!!!
1	I'd give them negative stars if i could.Whoever answered the phone MULTIPLE times tonight (10/26/13 between 3:45 and 3:52) picked up and said, "Big Jimmy's we're closed" then hung up all three times (they claim to be open until 4 AM).I called AGAIN and the guy picked up and I immediately said "I'd please like to place an order for delivery". He rudly said " so you'd like to place an order 2 minutes before we close..." I said yes. He hung up on me.  When I was in the pizza business, we accepted orders up until our CLOSING TIME. He hung up on me. I will NEVER order from this place again.If I could give them anything less than 1 star, I would. I would actually give them a "hope this place closes down."The pizza is decent, but if that's the kind of service you get, i think it should be SHUT DOWN... or maybe someone should just get fired.The pizza is alright, but i'd rather deal with a customer-comes-first kind of company.
2	I don't know why a guy that took our order looked so angry and annoyed today.Maybe he should go to sleep instead of working. Or it's just he doesn't care about good service or he maybe faced difficult time today. But that made me annoyed.I like their pizza and other guys maybe nice, so I give two stars.Hope he will be better soon.
4	Don't let the fact that it's a $5 pizza fool you - this pizza is awesome! Best crust in Tempe. The wings could be better, though.I've ordered from here several times, always delivery. Fast and friendly. If only they had online ordering. (2013 first world problems!)
5	Great pizza and salads. Great price. Quick delivery. We saw a flyer and decided to try something new. We are very pleased with this new discovery. Will definitely tell everyone. Great job!
5	I found Big Jimmy's on grubhub & decided to give them a try. I got a pizza with 3 veggie toppings.  The crust was amazing & the pizza was delicious.  I also ordered a philly cheesesteak sub with extra toppings. The bread was very fresh & delicious.  The steak had a peppery taste, which I liked a lot.  I don't usually get excited by tomatoes, but these were fresh and sweet.  I would definitely order from here again.  Great value.
4	good, cheap, and open late
3	I love big Jimmy's when they don't burn the crust!!!  Great drunken pizza- good crust, sauce and cheese.  However, the burn the crust about half the time we order from them.  If they were consistent with their cooking times, we would never order from anywhere else.  Awesome wings too.
5	Ok so I've been meaning to write a review for this place for a while. Awesome. For the price you deff get your money's worth. It's not like the "5 dollar little Caesars pizza" that looks and tastes like shit. These pizzas even surpass some of the more expensive spots in the area. The crust is good and the toppings taste fresh. I would recommend.
2	Ordered from them and was told an hour and ten min wait. It took well over an hour and a half and the people on the phone were short and didnt take any information from me when I called to tell them about the gate code. I had to remind them to contact the driver but it made no difference. They had one elderly driver due to what was told to me was because the younger people didnt want to work late. My pizza was hardly warm and I feel bad for the elderly delivery guy running pizzas.
2	The pizza is decent. Middle of the road, New York style. Not the issue. The Managers have horrible costumer service skills. And will curse You out on the phone and tell You to come get your pizza yourself. I ordered a pizza, total was eight or nine dollars. First question I was asked was if it was for delivery. I said yes, then gave my address. Two hours later, I almost forgot entirely, I call and ask about myPizza. I first asked if the order went through, I'm told it did, then I asked why it didn't get delivered, I was handed over to the GM, by this point I'm antsy, I ask who took my order and where is my pizza. The GM tells me the assistant manager took my order, and then when I asked why it didn't get delivered he cursed at me and told me to come pick it up myself and that I owed him money for the pizza and he wasn't remaking it. I hang up. Call back and ask what the minimum delivery order is and the girl tells me 10 dollars. I then asked if the assistant manager usually answers the phone, she said no. I wonder who messed this up. Sounds like the GM never trained the Assistant manager....
4	Being open till 3 am is clutch, they were about to close the doors and still let me in to get food. Good customer service
5	This place is home run!! Had some drinks at the casino, decided we wanted pizza, found this place on yelp, and we were not disappointed. We thought we heard them wrong when they said our large 3 topping pizza would be $8.50, but that was it! The pizza had great taste, and the people were very friendly. Plus, they are open until 3am. This place ROCKS!!!
1	Ordered a pizza at 12:25am. 1:50am rolls around...still no pizza. Called asking what was up, they said the game let out so deliveries were running late. Not willing to offer a discount or anything for it running way over. Then they said they wouldn't be delivering the pizza. And the employee and manager were rude to boot. Terrible customer service. Have no interest in finding out the quality of the food. Won't be bringing my business here, which is unfortunate because I'm all about supporting local businesses.
1	Worst customer service I have ever received. I work in the food industry and Im so appalled by how they treat thir customers. I called THREE TIMES and they hung up on me. Ive also tried to order late and they always tell me obscene wait times. No way a pizza and delivery four miles away should take an hour. The one manager I tried to talk to about this horrible service was 'ty' and he personally hung up on me twice. Worst service ever. I hope this piece of shit establishment goes out of business. Ive never been treated so badly.
1	Rude as hell!!!!!!! Im sorry but no matter what time of day im calling for a pizza i deserve the same customer service that everyone else gets. So rude.. i decided not to place an order in fear that they would probably do something foul to my pizza.You all messed up treating me like crap...lost a lot of  business. Straight disappointment.  Had to physically call to even find out about their menu since their website didnt even provide "menu" information.Horrible...just horrible experience. .i could go on..but im done with this establishment #byefelicia
1	I can't really give a review about the food since we ordered delivery and never got the food. when we called they said they couldn't find our apartment so they went back. we asked for a refund and got no issues with that. Unfortunately two days later we were charged for the food anyway. when we called in the manager said it was marked as delivered but after being brushed off for the day the manager finally gave in and gave us our money back.
5	Great news: we found out that the "cheese price increase" from a few months ago seems to have been a real thing. They've remedied this and the pizza is back to $5 again. An update since last time: the cinnamon sticks are really good. Surprisingly good. And the staff are friendly and generous with handing out a second tub of frosting. We've never had a bad experience here, and have had several great experiences with the co-owner. Thanks, guys!
