4	You're not gonna find this place from the street.  I barely found this place and I knew where I was going.  Well, sort of.   I knew it was in the Scottsdale Seville shopping center (another upscale outdoor minimall in at Scottsdale Rd & Indian Bend).  I walked around for a few minutes till I located a map.  Ah.  It's about 50 feet right in front of me.  Gotcha.I had lunch here with a friend, and their menu, while pretty limited for lunch, is still pretty good.  They have a wide selection of handmade, brick oven pizzas and salads (not made in the brick oven).  You can also get a personal size pizza and salad for like $7.  Not too shabby.  I did exactly that and was quite full by the time it was all done.  If you want to get a proper salad (not the side version), they're meal-sized. 2 things outshined the food here, though:1- big patio perfect for an outdoor lunch on a 75 degree afternoon.2- great service.  there were only a couple people working, but they were seemingly everywhere at just the right time.  my glass was never more than 1/4 empty without an offer of a refill, my order was taken right after i'd decided and my bill was presented just as i was reaching for my wallet.    odd that good service, designed to be not noticed, was the first thing i noticed.
3	Visited this place months ago.  Loved the stuffed shells.  Patio all lit up at night was a romantic touch.
5	I loved this place for the great food, great prices and even greater and friendly staff.  I love it even more now in its' new location right under Ruth Chris Steakhouse.  It's still in the Seville Shopping area but instead of being in the inner court yard, it's now even more accessible from the parking lot.   The restaurant now has a chic look now with a great bar area. We were dining with friends and stayed way past the closing time and they never complained and just kept pouring the coffee with a smile.  There aren't enough places like this in Scottsdale.  Try the Chicken and Spinach pizza and the Cove Caesars Salad.
3	Thought I'd try The Cove Trattoria's happy hour today (3/12).  Half-off appetizers and all wine-by-the-glass are $5 (!!).  Yes, the restaurant's new location is now next to Ruth Chris' Steakhouse, but it seems that the staff is also new; the bartender and server would sometimes get quizzed on a menu item's ingredients or on beers.  I found it both entertaining and enlightening!Ordered the Caprese (orig. $7.99) and a glass of Villa Trasqua chianti (orig. $10).  While the caprese was good, I felt that the dish needed a few more drops of EVOO to enhance the flavor of the mozz; unfortunately, the balsamic vinegar didn't really add much to the dish.  I LOVED the roasted red pepper aioli that accompanied the bread basket, though.  I'd return just to lap this dip up!  The chianti was straight out of the fridge, so I couldn't really savor its bouquet.  [After partaking in a few venues' happy hours, I've noticed that none have come close to Roaring Fork's GENEROUS pour (read: a topped-off 6 oz. decanter!)  TCT's was around 4 oz.  No worries, as I didn't even finish my glass...]I hope to visit again soon with group in tow and try the mussels app and either a pizza or another entree.
4	They have a waitress here named Sheena who is totally delightful in every way.The location is good and I had a couple of appetizer pizzas which were distinctive and tasty.  Not the best pizza I've ever had but very good indeed.All I heard was that the food was amazing from everyone who has eaten there but I was not in the eating mood and so I don't have much more to offer you in the way of reviews.But there's always sheena!
5	Excellent dining. The food was high quality in flavor and presentation. We arrived at happy hour and made the deal even better. When I'm in the area again it's a sure stop.......and yes, Sheena was actually our waitress.
5	I live near this place and its the best place to take visitors!  They make it extra special, and have a good happy hour.
5	Chef Matt, I just wanted to say thank you again for all of the amazing and delicous pizzas we ordered for the staff at Roka Akor.  The variety and the quality was truly outstanding.  And very reasonably priced.  What a great value!20 pizzas were made and delivered in less than an hour to our hungry crew while we set up for New Year's Eve dinner/party.  I can't wait to try it again and again and again!
5	I haven't gotten out much recently to dine out, given current economic woes, but felt I had a good excuse to check out The Cove Trattoria to meet up with fellow Yelpers and Yelpettes. Service was prompt and courteous and the Happy Hour prices on drinks and food were a bit astonishing.As for the food, I decided to treat myself to seafood and ordered two of the "small plates" which included the Shrimp Verde and the Mussels. The shrimp was perfectly cooked and seasoned on a skewer with a side of reconstituted sun dried tomatoes. Delicious! I shared a few with my Yelp neighbors and then greedily kept the rest to myself. The mussels were amazing, especially the slightly chunky rich garlicky broth that begged to be soaked up and scooped with the accompanying toast points.Between the two small plates, I had enough to share with other people and fill myself with seafoody goodness. Beers (Stella Artois, for me) were only $2.50 a pop according to Happy Hour pricing. I tipped generously and then was reminded that gratuity was included (since we were dining as a group). Nonetheless, I didn't retract my original tip because the food was so delicious and affordable.Their Happy Hour here has to be one of the best-kept bargain secrets around. I will definitely be back to "treat" myself sometime soon.
4	The Cove, a modern Italian bistro, has been here for seven years, once tucked away in a corner of the shopping plaza on Indian Bend and Scottsdale Road, now next to Ruth's Chris steakhouse.I never knew it was here until a recent Yelp Happy Hour.  Yelp helps me discover the undiscovered...and a new place to call a Happy Hour Haven.The happy hour menu is a generous selection of their appetizers, as well as a list of small plates which can be ordered at half the standard price.Items we ordered included Shrimp skewers, garlic verde shrimp with roasted sun-dried tomato pesto sauce, perfect pizza (margherita style, personal size thin crust), caprese, and stuffed mushrooms. All were part of the small plate and appetizer menu.  Between 3:00-6:30p Monday thru Friday, these are 50% off, a phenomenal deal.  But it gets better! Specialty cocktails are half off, as well as $5 glasses of wine.  The amazing deal with the wine being $5 is that you are getting some of their fantastic $12 glasses for less than half the price. When coming here for dinner, the Chicken saltimboca comes highly recommended, as well as the grilled halibut. (6oz. Alaskan halibut steak with asparagus and wilted arugula, topped with pine nuts and goat cheese, served with a light lemon parsley cream sauce)For sweet finishes, sample delicious dishes such as the Double chocolate mousse, tiramisu, rice pudding, panna cotta with caramel sauce, or their different daily scoop of gelatto, ranging from $4-$6.Exceptional value, attentive service in an intimate setting, all food made to order bistro style, and a great selection of appetizers and entrees.
4	After reading my friends happy hour review on this place I decided to give it a try. I've been here once many years ago for dinner, but never for happy hour. They have a great menu and the dishes are generous portions so that you can share. I had the mussels...and wow..delicious. Wine is $5/a glass, and ever $2.50 drafts. Let's just say I left a happy girl and will be returning here on a regular basis.
5	Found this place on the Localdines.com website 2 Sundays ago.  Great patio, really a great setting, many other couples enjoying the last of the nice cooler weather.  Started with a really tasty bruschetta, and then shared a flatbread Pizza, both were very good, however the Tiramasu was out of this world.   Again we used our gift certificate and even though we spent beyond it's value (We had to have a Bottle of decent wine), it was a great deal.
5	Can anyone say freaking (but not this word...a similar one) good!?!?!!I think this is the best calzone this stomach of mine has ever had.   I had pepperoni and caramelized onions..mmmmmmmmmm.    The calzone melted in my mouth life butter. I will definitely be back here next time in Scottsdale without even thinking about it.
4	I have been to The Cove twice now; once for a dinner UYE and once for lunch with a group of bridesmaids after we got our mani/pedis in the same plaza. I'm really excited that they have gluten free options, both in pizza and in pasta form. They also have quite a few vegetarian/vegan options. I had the Pasta Rustica sans goat cheese, and it was really delightful and a great size for being on the lunch menu. I have also had the vegetali antipasto and it was REALLLY good. The gluten free pizza crust is pretty good, but I couldn't have cheese on it, so the "margherita" was just ok. Not their fault.Pretty good wine list, friendly, attentive service, nice environment, and an awesome patio. Definitely a good choice if you are up in the area, and reasonably priced to boot!
3	I came here only because it was the Groupon a week ago, otherwise I'd never heard of it before. Who would pass up a $30 giftcard for only $15? The place is small, but really nice and clean. We waited about five minutes to be seated, even though the place wasn't packed. They were just short staffed and needed to clean the tables. Our waitress seemed really busy because there were only two waiters for the whole place. Took a while to get our food. I ordered a pizza and it was SO big! 13"! I was expecting 10" like other places for a personal pizza. I couldn't finish it because it was so big. I gave it 3 stars because it's pretty expensive for my taste and the pizza was really oily towards the middle which made the pizza soggy. Same with my boyfriend's pizza. But I DID get a free appetizer.If you're a Foursquare user, which I am, with your first check-in you get a FREE appetizer! That's a $7-8 dollar value, which is awesome. They have good choices to pick from. Calamari, shrimp, bruschetta and a bunch of other stuff to pick from. I might come back someday, but not anytime soon, unless I have another coupon!
4	I had a really pleasant evening here.  The atmosphere is pleasant, not pretentious.  The service was good.  Frankly, it could have been a bit better, but it was not bad so...And the food was really good, I think, for a fair price.  I don't know why but I searched high and low for fish tonight, and most Scottsdale restaurants were asking $22.00 for an entree.  I believe my Halibut entree here was $18.00...with asparagus and a cream sauce...yum!We also tried the wild mushroom pasta dish.  OMG, was it rich.  So yummy, and so rich.  (Now if I could only find a man like that...just kidding.)
4	Yum...this place is great!  We went for the salad, pizza and 2 glasses of wine for $20...what a steal!  Good service, convenient location and great food!
5	We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves here.  Fresh, good quality ingredients mixed with genuine great service.   The food was fresh and full of flavor without being heavy.  The menu reminds me of what we saw at the family restaurants in Florence, Italy.   I would strongly recommend The Cove to anyone who is looking for a real Italian meal!
5	Great food, great service, great prices.  You'll feel like family the second you walk in.  They always have specials on food and wine/drinks.  I think it is MUCH better than neighboring 'national' restaurants.  It's tucked into the corner just below Ruth's Chris Steakhouse and is definitely a hidden gem.  It is very clean and comfortable and you'll definitely want to come back for more!
4	Fantastic happy hour. Not only were there alot of selections but it was all half price and all of the wines were $5 glass.  The super tuscan wine was great.  For appetizers, we shared the pizza chips which was smothered in garlic butter and cheese - they aren't shy in using garlic; grilled shrimp with sundried tomato pesto - fabulous.  The best part were the mussels in this fantastically fresh tomato, red onion, caper, white wine, garlic sauce.  I dipped every piece of remaining bread in that sauce.  The mussels were the most tender I have ever had.The best part is it is a family owned restaurant.  We met the son and the father was in the back making pizzas.  We were full from the appetizers but looked at the regular menu.  The prices are very reasonable and everything is fresh/homemade.  We would definitely go back for dinner.  It's tucked right by Ruth Chris Steakhouse on Indian Bend/Scottsdale Road.You must go....now!
4	Husband likes to buy Groupons. Hell, I love to buy Groupons. So when Cove was the Groupon of the day, we had to buy it. An Italian place in Scottsdale we haven't been to?SIGN US UP!And the place was absolutely gorgeous. It's right downstairs from Ruth's Chris, and easy to miss, unless you know it's there.The service was decent, a bit slow at first but picked right up. The food was fantastic -  so yummy -  and the atmosphere on a Friday night is really great.While I'm not ZOMG BEST PLACE EVER about it, it's a good, solid place that I'd definitely go back to. ... especially if there's a Groupon.
3	My experience at this restaurant was not necessarily bad, just unimpressive. I am gluten intolerant (Celiac), and while their GF pizza was good, it was definitely not the best in town. However, the glass of wine I had was phenomenal. My main complaint is that I had no idea who our server was. We sat for about 10 minutes before the hostess came back over and took our drink order. Two different people came up to take our meal order, without realizing the other already had. Then we did not see anybody except for a busser who refilled our waters, until we flagged somebody down for a check probably 45 minutes later. I'd gone with my mom, and she said her pasta was just alright, nothing special. Looks like it could be a decent lunch place. Would try it again, but the first experience was pretty eh.
4	Absolutely loved this restaurant. Your immediately greeted when you walk in, the service is friendly, the food is delicious and the price is just right.  I ordered the pizza rustica, their version of the vegetarian. It tasted as good as it looked. The caramelized onions along with the mushrooms , goat cheese and mushrooms all on a thin crust, just melt in your mouth. My love order the calzone. A little odd since it literally was just pizza folded over with sauce on the side and not what you would think a calzone would be. But nonetheless, he finished his entire meal, as did I. I highly recommend this place. I am a pizza lover who has tried a lot of pizza spots in Arizona and trust me when I tell you, you will not be disappointed. We are definitely coming back to this one.
5	If you haven't tried this place yet, go now!  The pizza is first rate.  The crust is not real thin nor real thick, but yummy.  The artichoke pizza is wonderful, and the sausage is just right.  The pastas and salads are as good as any.  The outdoor seating and the reasonable prices are the frosting on the cake.  We've been back a half dozen times and the service has always been good.
4	This is our regular Friday evening hang out. The staff are very friendly and the food is excellent. Our 4 year old is well known here and has lots of fun every visit. Great wine selection for a small restaurant and always some great wine specials!!! Oh and the food is great too :-)
4	So I had a Groupon that led me to Cove Trattoria and I am very greatful.  Jason B. and I went for dinner on my final day of the Groupon and had a great meal.  After sitting down our waitress Aubree came over to drop off menu's and waters.  We asked her recommendation on the menu and she gave us a few options on each part of the menu which was great it wasn't just one thing.  We ordered the:GARLIC VERDE SHRIMPGARLIC MARINATED SHRIMP WITH A ROASTED SUN-DRIED TOMATO PESTO SAUCE and:SHRIMP PIZZASHRIMP, PESTO MOZZARELLA AND TOMATO VODKA CREAM SAUCE Both items were awesome and I wish I had room for dessert because they have Nutella pizza mmmmmmm it looked awesome.  We had great service from Aubree and she told us the history of the place which was cool.  I will be back for sure to try more items and more pizza.
3	Frankly, 3 stars may be a little generous, and all 3 are for the ambiance.  The restaurant is beautiful, and there is a great patio with views of Camelback mountain. That's unfortunately where my good experience ended.  I was there on a Monday night, and we were the only table in the restaurant when we sat down, and the service was still slow.  I ordered a glass of wine, and it tasted like the bottle had been open for 2 days.  For dinner, I ordered a calzone with salami and ham.  Apparently at the Cove, "calzone" means "pizza folded in half."  I was seriously disappointed. The best tasting part of the meal was my daughter's spaghetti and meatballs! By the time we were done eating, the restaurant was about half full, and the 1 server working kept falling further and further in the weeds, so I'll cut him some slack for taking 15 minutes to get us our bill, but whoever is managing the place should have been more prepared.  All in all a disappointing experience, which is too bad because I live so close and like to eat at places in my area.
4	If you've ever lived, visited, or had relatives back east (because pizza in the west is usually shite), this is reminiscent of the kind of pizza you'd eat at the local place down the street, complete with the angry looking italian dude in the kitchen. I don't know if he was really angry, but he was staring outside like he was about to pull the fluffy clouds out of the sky and beat the rain out of them for being so damn fluffy. This dude has nothing to do with the food, other than his angry face makes it taste so damn good.I had something on the lunch menu called "the perfect pizza," and it was indeed the perfect portion; a small pizza and a small salad. I have no idea what the rest of the food tastes like, or if the angry dude in the kitchen will be making it.
2	We went with a group of 5 adults and one child tonight.  It was ok.  Food was wonderful, the problem was the service.  The restaurant was not too busy for a Saturday night, so you would expect on the spot service, right?  Not really.  There was no personality to our server.  There was no children's menu, although the margherita without basil works as a simple cheese pizza.  Waited over 30 minutes for our entrees.  The server messed up on one of our entrees, in which we waited awhile again for that entree.  At the end, they ordered us an cannoli to make up for the messed up entree.  There was no consideration of asking if we wanted to the cannoli first, just brought it to the table.  The most disappointing part was that the Manager was obviously walking around the restaurant and making no attempt to talk to the tables.  He did not even come over to talk to us after we had experienced the mess up.  It's really frustrating to have a restaurant with really wonderful food and terrible service.
2	We wound up here unexpectedly when we found out the crepe place in the same center is closed on Mondays.  Wanting real table service instead of ordering at the counter at Wildflower, we spied the Cove as we were walking back to our cars.  At 12:30 on a Monday, it was virtually empty.  The menu looked good enough with plenty to choose from.  Both my friend and I wanted salads.  She ordered the calamari and I chose the Asian Chicken.  Her calamari was slathered with breading, and my chicken was dry to the bone.  We both agreed that we should have gone to Wildflower where the salads are always reliably fresh and tasty.Our server was actually very nice and gracious. But for me, it's a combination of food, ambiance and service that make a restaurant rate above a 2-star, and the food and ambiance at the Cove didn't cut it for me.
4	This restaurant is great!. Mike, the celebrity look alike -lol, was amazing as our server. I had Chicken Pepper pizza and my fella had the Lobster Ravioli. We`also had Caprese Salad and Tiramusu. All of the food was delicious and the service was tremendous.To let you in on a little secret, I loved the pepper dipping sauce they served with the bread. I had heard about this place and when a Groupon came along I jumped all over it. I was not disappointed at all
4	We came here on the last Saturday in June and the thermometer outside read 106 degrees. It was a little after five pm and yet, there were a dozen or so patrons already in the restaurant. This is always a good sign when you think about summers here in the Valley. We were greeted promptly and our water glasses were filled by the time we were seated. The atmosphere is what Yelp'er Jacqueline H. described as "a modern Italian Bistro", and we would tend to agree. The wait staff is very professional. Our waiter came over and introduced himself and shared with us the specials while offering a tasty description of each item. We started with some wine and bruschetta. The bruschetta ($7.99) was very interesting. Instead of the usual tomato and garlic on toasted bread, the chef had added small pieces of prosciutto and Spanish onions along with what we thought was a light vinaigrette to it. It was just enough for taste and didn't overwhelm the tomatoes and bread. Nice! For our entree, one of us ordered the Chicken Parmigiana special for $15.99 and the other the Seafood Fra Diavolo for $17.99 with linguine. Both, were very tasty and interestingly prepared. The chicken had two whole breasts only lightly pounded and was prepared with home made breadcrumbs. The marinara sauce was yummy and wasn't very high in acidity as sometimes is the case. The Fra Diavolo had both scrimp, baby octopus and calamari. It too was yummy and the spice of the dish didn't overwhelm the taste buds. The only weakness was that the calamari was sliced somewhat thicker and was slightly, ever so slightly chewy. But it was very good and we would definitely order it again. We shared a Canoli for dessert, along with coffee and a cappuccino which was a nice way to end the evening. The bill with taxes, but without tip came to $71.47. We thought the food was excellent and portion sizes offered great value! Go! Enjoy!
5	ATTENTION ALL YELPERS!If you haven't been to this restaurant, or haven't been in a while it really deserves our support.I went there for a date recently, and there wasn't a strong patronage the whole evening. :( They're missing out!I too, like other recent reviewers, used the Travel Zoo voucher for a 3-course meal for two including two glasses of prosecco for $39 (valued at $95). I can honestly say it would have been well worth the full price, but with the discount made it just that much better :)We ordered the Caprese and Individual Antipasto Platter as our appitizers, both were delicious, but I think I preferred the freshness, subtile sweet tartness of the balsamic dressing, and the presentation of the Caprese.The Chicken Saltimbocca and Filet Mignon entrees were both mouth wateringly delicious and FILLING, so much so that I almost didn't have room for the Panna Cotta  with caramel sauce and Double Chocolate Mousse ;)...Who am I kidding, I always have room for dessert! :D. I just have to say, the Panna Cotta made me tingle!A word on the service: Excellent!Our server was friendly and accommodating, didn't see a single way in which she could have done better!
4	I enjoy going to the Cove. Especially nights when wine is half off. I agree with the masses that the garlic verde shrimp is awesome. Also love the stuffed mushrooms. I haven't had a wood fire pizza that I didn't like.  Recently had the Pasta Rustica--light and delicious and I'm a fan of the lobster ravioli. I think the cove is perfect for casual date night or sitting on the patio with your friends.
3	We visited on Saturday night, it was a little early and there were plenty of open tables.  Really nice atmosphere, a casual upscale feel.  We ordered the appetizer special - bacon wrapped scallops (4 for $10), pear & bleu cheese & walnut salad to share and 2 pizzas (pizzas come in one size at dinner time - 13" - one pizza would  be plenty to share for 2 people).  Scallops were tasty if not very inspired.  We both liked the salad but had to hunt for the pear (3 slices does not make it a feature item).   Dressing was just right.  The pizza was so-so  - liked the wood-fired crust and nicely cooked.  The white pizza was well covered with mozzarella and tomatoes and ricotta but it was just bland - needed some garlic, red pepper or something to jazz it up a bit.  Same with the pepperoni - maybe it was the sauce?  Our bill came to just over $50 for appetizer, salad, 2 pizzas and a soft drink.  The wine was tempting but at $9 a glass we decided to pass and eat instead.  Overall, I think the Cove is worth trying and would go back to try a panini for lunch or happy hour on the patio (in cooler weather of course).  One note on our waitress, she was very pleasant although not very attentive (missed refills on glasses until we pointed it out).  She spoke in almost a whisper, not a good trait for the profession.  Maybe there was a secret that we weren't supposed to know?
2	We went there for lunch because I had a Groupon.  If I would have paid full price, I would have been upset.  The service was slow and the food didn't have any flavor.  My husband had the chicken sandwich with a greek salad and I had the Italian Dip with the garlic chips.Neither sandwich had any flavor whatsoever and the chips were stale and missing the garlic.  The salad was the only entree with any flavor.I was really disappointed especially after reading other reviews.
5	The food was the best Italian fare I have had in quite some time. The Caprese' Salad was very good, the roasted pepper dipping sauce for the bread was excellent, the rustico pizza was scrumptious and the Italian chianti smooth and a great compliment to the meal. I eat out a lot and this is one of the few places I can't wait to get back to. Note: this is a family owned business and not the typical "trendy" restaurant AND I could actually hear well enough to have a conversation with my dinner companion.
2	Have to agree with Katie L.  Unimpressive.Water and bread was served immediately.  Nice, except the bread was mushy sliced stuff - not a nice crusty loaf one might expect from an Italian restaurant.  Then, we waited for at least 10 - 15 minutes for our server; again, not quite sure which of the two it was, only to realize it was the same one who greeted and served the couple next to us who had been seated after us.    Ordered the stuffed mushrooms; a little soggy and overly-loaded with tomatoes.  Entree: stuffed shells would have been much much better with 1/4 of the sauce in which it was swimming.  Overall, disappointing.
2	We visited this restuarant on a saturday night, which it was empty, and we used the travelzoo coupon for a three course meal for 40 dollars. This was a great deal since we got two appetizers, two entrees and two desserts but it was way too much food for two people and the coupon was maxed out at about 90 dollars although the total of our food only came to around 65 bucks so it was odd that we had to tip on that amount. The young women who was our waitress was lucky she got a tip at all, she gave us was the worst service we had ever had. First, she was dressed ridicuolously innapropriate for the ambience in a school girl skirt and t shirt, she took our coupon rudely made a face and never asked us for drinks or came back to our table for that matter. she took our order after being impatient and then all the hosts brought our food out, she never asked us for fresh cheese which was offered to other tables. We were so thirsty and she never offered us anything besides the wine which was included, we didn;t drink it but she refused to get us anything else and then dessert came and another host asked us what we wanted. I would have understood if it was busy but we watched her flirt with the bartender all night and then had to over tip her on our price of food, my boyfriend wanted to walk out. I know we had a good deal and the food came out looking lovely. The food and presentation were good but I prefer more authentic italian food but I could never recommend it due to this experience. On another note, all the other workers were lovely.
4	We tried this place last night after buying a Localdines certificate.  We got there at about 6:30 on a Friday night, and there were plenty of open tables so we were seated immediately.  We we brought water and bread with a super yummy roasted red pepper spread/dip.  Service was prompt, and our server was very friendly and had no problem recommending dishes and discussing menu items.  I ordered the Lobster Ravioli and my boyfriend had a pizza....half blackened chicken and half something else (can't remember...started with a "p")  Our food came super fast!  The lobster ravioli was amazing and the BF said the pizza was very good also.  Glad we tried it and we'll definitely be going back!
4	I have eaten here twice.  Both times the food was delicious.  I appreciate the atmosphere and decor which both are inviting.  I would say that I typically find the service a bit slow despite never being busy when I am there.  They have good gluten free options and their servers are knowledgeable which is a huge plus in my opinion.
4	Great Food, Great Service. Better for Date Night than dinner with 5 Kids. Not Kid "unfriendly" just not kid friendly if you get my drift. Oh, did I mention they have GREAT FOOD?
5	My husband and i were going to go to Ruth's Chris Steakhouse looked at their posted menu and decided thatwe didnt see a lot we wanted to eat and were going to get in the car and leave when we spotted this place. We loved it! The Hibiscus margarita was fabulous and only $5 because we had the good fortune of stopping in during Happy Hour. My husband had the filet dinner and i had the $5 appetizer platter with calamari, ravioli and eggplant and the $5 shrimp appetizer, both were delicious. The sun dried tomato pesto that came with the shrimp was so good my husband ate it by itslef. We were only in Scottsdale for business travel so will not get to enjoy this fabulous place on a regular basis.  If you live in Scottsdale you really should give this place a try! If you are lucky enough to get Allison as your waitress it will only make the experience better. She was attentive and pleasant, we tipped her well.
5	One wonderful restaurant.  Extensive menu, so there's something for everyone.  I was indecisive about which entree until the server mentioned that Mon and Tues was a special deal; wine, salad and pizza for two for one price.   My date and I wentwith that, and had a wonderful walnut and pear salad, a picante pizza, and two delightful glasses of red wine.   All items were excellent, and affordable.  I can't wait to get back here to try more items from the menu, I'm sure it will be soon.
4	Oh yum! Went here last night with my wifey for dinner.  I had purchased a deal from TravelZoo and it was almost expiring... Our server, Brendan? was very nice and extremely patient being that my girlfriend and I were chatting more than looking at the menu. He brought us prosecco right away and patiently waited for us to get it together... For the first course i had the Tri-color ensalata with gorgonzola dressing... Oh my! This was right up my alley with the olives and gorgonzola. Great start! At the server's recommendation, i did the chicken saltimbocca for my entree. What a big portion! I had lunch the following 2 days with the leftovers from this. It was verrrry good and re-heated well. And because we had that 3rd course to go, I went with the triple chocolate mousse for dessert. It was a very dense, but amazingly light concoction. About the ambiance... It is more casual upon entering than I expected. That being said, it is a nice space. There is a wonderful aroma of garlic that fills the room. The noise level isn't obnoxious and the tables are appropriately spaced. There was no hostess the night we dined here and we waited at the door for a couple minutes before being approached, but that may not be the normal...?  They have a nice adult-contemporary/pop/rock soundtrack playing. Water and a bread basket with a roasted red-pepper aioli was brought to us pretty quickly after being seated. All in all, this was a very nice experience and delicious food.  It definitely deserves a repeat visit! Those stuffed shells are calling my name and those wood-fired pizzas deserve some attention next time!
5	Just enjoyed a wonderful dinner this evening. The Salmon over fresh vegetables and linguini along with a glass of wine was a great way to end the work day.
5	I have been a customer for many years. Great family Italian restaurant.wonderful salads,pasta and the calzone!!!!! Wonderful atmosphere. Casual dress, give it a try and say hi to Vinnie,chef and owner
3	Good: The kitchen is very accommodating. Most dishes aren't vegetarian/vegan/gluten-free, but they can be made that way if you want them to be. Bonus points for consideration!Better: The winner of the first season of Cupcake Wars was in our party, and he said (and I quote), "I make good chocolate mousse, but this is REALLY good chocolate mousse". 'Nuff said. Okay: Drinks - do the Limoncello Martini. Do not do the Tuscan Sunrise. A friend eloquently described it as "vomit-y". Sidenote: The waitstaff... is surprisingly attractive. +1 star? Eh, I'm not admitting to that level of superficiality, just throwing that information out into the computersphere. Bad: There was much too much olive oil. I'm pretty sure they have their own cistern and press in the back. I also might have been drinking it. I don't remember.On the whole... I'm not an Americanized Italian food fan, but this wasn't unpleasant overall. I wouldn't pick it as a dining destination personally, but I wouldn't turn someone down if they were insistent upon eating here, either.
3	Dropped in on my lunch break with 8 co-workers because we heard this place had some decent lunch specials and it was conveniently close to our office. Let's start with the atmosphere. They had both indoor and outdoor seating, which was very Ikea/contemporary. It seemed like they only had two employees for the whole cafe, which wasn't too bad considering we only saw a few tables taken on the patio, but one of the two employees was in the kitchen cooking our food. It took us a while to get our drinks, which were just water by the way. We ordered and had to wait over 30 minutes to get our food. In our group, we had a mostly chicken, cheesesteak, and french dip sandwiches, and a burger, so it shouldn't have taken that long. I started my meal with a cup of their pasta e fagioli. It tasted very fresh and was served in the same amount as a bowl which was nice. Just when I was starting to see the bottom of the bowl, our entrees were coming out. I shared the cheesesteak (including a side salad about the size of a regular salad) with my co-worker. The bread to the sandwich was fresh and soft. The steak and peppers were cooked very well, I was just hoping for a little more flavor. They didn't smother it in cheese too, which was a nice change. The "side salad" was simple romaine, a few toppings, and a light vinaigrette. The whole meal wasn't too filling, it hit the spot pretty well. Pros: Price (Average lunch price w/ tip: $15), Fresh ingredients, Great location (two doors down from 21 Cakes and Yogurtland, yum!)Cons: Their bathrooms (They smelled rancid, no toilet paper, and just plain dirty), Service (They should have at least two employees running the bar and tables)
2	Took the wife out for her birthday, decided on the Cove.  Nice interior, pleasant and friendly staff.  Problem with being understaffed with only 2 people waiting on tables and a fairly good crowd for a Sunday evening.  Long waits, multiple times.  The bread brought to the table was quite mediocre, but the red pepper dip was flavorful and outstanding.  This started the problem, as we had a very flavorful item followed by totally bland food with little character or taste. We ordered the pork chop with polenta, the meat was rather tough and chewy, the vegetables were broccoli (overcooked) carrots (undercooked) but the polenta was tasty and perfect.  The chicken saltimboca had little taste, accompanied by overcooked penne pasta, the sauce tasted like plain canned tomatoes unseasoned, just plain unpleasant.  The chicken was tasty but somewhat overcooked and almost burned on the bottom.  We ordered a bottle of Reisling German wine which was slightly tart instead of slightly sweet.  Fortunately it was half price at $15 instead of $30, but the ice water placed on the table was good.  A very sad experience indeed, need to take the wife out again to make up for this very sub-par meal!
5	Really good food. Period.Bread and saucy dip that comes with ..yum. Ceaser salad with cashews, yes please. Pizza with the freshest mozzarella ever? Yes. And the Lobster ravioli, totally great, the sauce is awesome. We have been twice, once with groupon and once with yelp coupon...very accommodating both times and phenomenal food and service both times. They have a decent happy hour menu with $5 Dishes and drinks and a lovely outdoor patio. I want to try something different next time, but the white pizza and the lobster ravioli are too good!We've been on a weeknight and a weekend night...pretty busy both times, might want to call ahead on a weekend.
5	Their pesto pizza with ricotta cheese (instead of the chicken) and walnut & pear salad are our go-to items. I'm really not that predictable or consistent at any other restaurant...but I've found my favorites here.When you have room for dessert, their cannolis & mousse are solid choices.Have always enjoyed the staff, cozy restaurant, when we do take-out it's fast - takes less than 20 minutes for me to call-in an order and go pick up great quality Italian food. Although, I'm embarrassed because they recognize me as the guy who orders take-out from the Cove all the time.I'd recommend this place, enjoy the vodka sauce with the bread (yum). I have never taken advantage of happy hour but I think they have some specials going on for HH worth checking out.
4	This is a small Italian restaurant. There is seating indoors and out, as well as a small bar area. The decor is modern and looks clean and new. There are only two servers covering the dining room, which may lead to long wait times during a meal and less than expected service quality. However, the staff members are very friendly. The garlic verde shrimp is an excellent appetizer. The sauce is amazing. I tried the lobster ravioli. It was rich and cheesy. I enjoyed it, but probably would not get something that heavy again. I also tasted the grilled salmon, which was cooked and spiced perfectly. The prices were reasonable and the food was good, so it is a place I would visit again.
5	Not a fluke! Went for the 4th time yesterday, totally tasty! Service is always good. Tip...the tomato type sauce that come with the mussels is SO good! I dip my bread in it! Great flavor with capers...
5	We went in with a Groupon for lunch as a first time customer.  Had three sandwiches:  Italian Dip, Chicken Pesto Panini, and the Italian Sandwich.  All three were delicious.  You get a choice of salad or homemade parmesan and garlic chips with the sandwich.  The salad was about average but the chips were AMAZINGLY TASTY.  The service was friendly and efficient and kept the drinks filled.  The atmosphere is light, airy and welcoming. Coupon or not, this place is extra nice and a very good value.
2	Went here because of its high rating, but was disappointed. The service was prompt, but not intuitive or very friendly really. The decor is blah. I ordered a margharita pizza expecting good quality cheese and tomato sauce, but the cheese tasted worse than Peter Piper cheese and tomato sauce was thick and spiced in an odd way. My boyfriend ordered a dip sandwich that was very blah looking. The meat looked grey and the bun was very thick. The au jus was sub par and the sandwich was cold. Not going back here.
2	As 1st generation American/Italian and a personal chef of Italian cuisine I wasn't impressed. The service was fair; they didn't offer cheese with my pasta, the attitude was dull and bland. Food was fair for the price; cold bread with a dipping sauce served in a disposable plastic container rather than oil with freshly grinned pepper and fresh warm bread, my pork lion was swimming in a tomato based sauce. The atmosphere was lacking; not one item anywhere had any indication that Italian food was severed there, no pictures, art work, colors, it looks more like upscale fast food restaurant with a quaint bar. The menu was shallow with more American type food than Italian but had a deep pizza choices. I would have no reason to go back.
3	The bread basket comes with a great red pepper spread.  The bread itself though is cold and not toasted at all so at times it feels like really thinly sliced stale bread.  We got the spinach salad which was a pile of spinach, a few tomato slices, a few bits of mozzarella cheese and about 5 mushrooms sliced.  Very unremarkable.  The bacon dressing that comes with it though is awesome!  I even considered asking them to pack the rest of the dressing we didn't use.We also got the stuffed shells and the Salsiccia pizza.  The stuffed shells were ok, pretty much 4 large shells stuffed with cheeses and spinach covered with a vodka sauce.  The sauce was pretty good but I usually don't like this kind of dish because you get sick of the mushy mush really quickly.  The pizza was pretty good - smells like Pizza Hut supreme pizza, tastes like Pizza Hut supreme pizza....  Its actually pretty good, not as buttery as PH but the center of the pizza was very soggy.  The crust is pretty good, crisp and chewy.  All in all, there were a few things that were terrible and a few things that were outstanding.  Everything else was ok.  I might come back for lunch, but its definitely not part of my rotation.
3	The Cove Trattoria is a hard place to find with your GPS.  It is actually off Indian Bend Road, even though the address is Scottsdale Road.  It is also hidden in terms of visibility because the Morton Steakhouse right next door has bold red letters whereas The Cove Trattoria is a mild grey text.Once you get inside, the food selection is Italian in nature.  The menu size was not too impressive, but I found something that I liked.  I ordered a Mediterranean pasta with chicken.  My friend got a regular salad with no dressing.  Our food came really fast.  I think it tasted fine, but it didn't give me a wow factor.
4	My boyfriend and I found a Groupon for The Cove Trattoria and immediately purchased it. I can say that we are VERY happy that we did! The dinner entrees cost what a usual entree cost at a nice restaurant (around $15-21) but the great part about the entrees were the portions. They were not so small like usual classy restaurants where you go home even hungrier than when you walked in. The portions were great and SO DELICIOUS!The bread and sauce was delicious. My boyfriend ordered a wonderful chicken dish while I had the Pasta Rustica. Let me just say that besides the tastiness of the penne pasta, caramelized onions, and artichokes, the mushrooms in the pasta were the best mushrooms I have EVER tasted. It was such a large plate that I ended up taking half of it to go. I take off one star because it closed at 9 and the ambiance wasn't '5 star worthy' ALTHOUGH it was nice- also, none of the staff appeared to be authentically Italian. Needless to say, the food tasted very authentic and the staff was extremely helpful and accommodating.I'll be back here when I'm in town again.Thanks!
1	I hope I was just there on an off day. Probably the worst italian food I've ever had at a restaurant. The ambiance leaves a lot to be desired as well - it kinda feels like the dining room of the rest home my grandfather lived in.
1	I would love to give this restaurant a better rating because they food was delicious, but I have never been treated so poorly by a server. It began as just lazy, she didn't appear to want to work since she stood behind the bar talking to another person. My husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order. Once this happened, our wine sat at the bar for at least 15 minutes while she wiped out classes behind the bar - no, she was not the bartender. After retrieving our wine, she never returned to take our order. A food runner came by and gave us bread, so we asked him to find her. We placed our order and our glasses were empty, but of course she did not return again to see if we wanted more wine. Our food arriving was definitely the highlight of the evening, it was absolutely delicious and fresh. Since our server did no return, we didn't order any more wine and decided against desert. We wouldn't have definitely ordered more had she bothered to ask us, or even walk by the table. At this point we went to show her our Travelzoo voucher and she informed us that we couldn't use it since we didn't tell her in the beginning. My husband reminded her that not only did we tell her when we arrived, but we also told them when we made our reservation. She looked at us like we had three heads and made a snotty comment about having to get the manager. She grabbed another server, I assume he was the manager and had him take the voucher off of the bill. The only problem was that he didn't deduct the voucher from our bill, but he added the amount we paid for the voucher to the total of the bill. You would think that this would be easy to explain to our server, but of course she had no idea what we were talking about.We finally got the bill somewhat situated, we never received our $15 credit toward the bottle of wine, but at this point we wanted to leave so badly they we didn't bother to bring it up to her. We will never return to this restaurant and it's quite sad because the food was fabulous, but no amount of delicious food was worth what we had to endure with our server. In addition, I will never purchase any type of voucher again from Travelzoo. You are obviously treated poorly when you buy a coupon that they offer. We didn't purchase the voucher because we are cheap, we purchased it because we have never been to this restaurant and love dining out in Scottsdale. We eat out at least 4 times a week, and this could have been a place that we would frequent.A friend asked me about this review, almost a year later. Told her not to go, horrible service, but I thought it was very interesting that no one from this restaurant commented or tried to make contact. They obviously don't care.
3	Made another trip here for lunch and were disappointed.  We ordered the two grilled chicken breasts with seasonal veggies.  It was a very small portion for $12.99 and had very little flavor.  Also ordered lobster ravioli with shrimp and spinach in cream vodka sauce.  That was also low on flavor.  If you go here, stick with the sandwiches because they are good and you can't go wrong with them.  They also need more than one worker at lunch because there were about 25-30 people in here with only one person to take orders, drinks, etc.
5	I wanted to write an update to talk about how good the lobster ravioli is. We took my girlfriend's mom here recently and branched out and ordered some new things. I'm happy to report that pretty much everything on the menu is consistently good. I mentioned the dessert in my last review but I'll be repetitive: if you are eating here, definitely save room for the mousse.Tonight may mark the 18th time I've eaten here and was excited about placing an order to pick-up some of their salad & pizza with my girlfriend for our picnic. When I called at about 4 PM they told me they were not opening until 5 PM?No big deal - we are going to place the order later. I'm only using this opportunity to forewarn you, in case you are planning a picnic or want to eat here on a Saturday at 4 PM. The person who took my order seemed kind of irritated, on account of it being 4:11 PM but not only does Yelp show that The Cove is open on Saturdays 11 AM - 9:30 PM, their website does too. We still love this place and it deserves the 5-star rating.
1	Gonna keep this really simple because I'm tired. Bad food. End of story!
3	We stopped in for a quick lunch as a family this week at Cove Trattoria.  It was about 12:15 when we arrived.  It was pretty dead when we arrived but picked up a bit about halfway into our visit.  Service - 2 Stars - There was only one guy waiting on tables in the dining roomFoodPizza - 4.5 Stars - our girls shared a cheese pizza and my husband had the sausage onion pizzaFrench Dip - 2 Stars - luke warm and nothing that great.It was also a bit pricey for lunch as it was $32.60 for the above items and we all just had water.
1	TERRIBLE SERVICE!!  Nasty filet mignon.  Long waits for drinks, order to be taken, refills (had to ask three times for a VERY WATERED down coke refill.)  the chicken shrimp pesto pasta was pretty good though. My pesto dish was good but the wait and the terrible soda made me not want to come back.
2	This would be our 3rd time visiting Cove Trattoria.  The first 2 were exceptional.  Both times we went on a Friday night, so one would expect it to be busy - it was not.  Service was fine, food was great.  This is why we went for a 3rd time.  Big mistake.  We went last Thursday and it was quite busy, but there were several tables available.  We were asked if we had a reservation of which we did not being that the last 2 times, it was empty.  We were told that the 2 tops around the bar were not open seating (which must have changed because they were before).  So, we waited for 10 minutes or so only to be seated with the menus to have to wait 10 minutes for a drink order.  Worst part is two "regulars" came in, sat themselves at the same 2-tops we were sitting at and got prompt attention.  Still no waitress at our table.  When we finally did get a waitress, we waited another 10 minutes for our drinks and weren't lucky enough to get the same bread our neighbors got.  Again, after ordering our food, we waited approx. 30 minutes to receive it!  Luckily our food was fine and we didn't need anything because our waitress never bothered to check on us.  I am positive the regulars get great service based on what I witnessed, but looking at all the other sad folks around the restaurant, their experience was similar to ours.  Good thing we had a Groupon to use because I would've been even more upset had we paid full price for the so-so food and horrible service.
4	My husband I went here recently with a Groupon. Overall I was impressed. The service was friendly and very helpful. Our server made some great suggestions. We had the mussels appetizer and the shrimp pizza. The mussels were a highlight for sure, they sauce they steam is rich and flavorful and the mussels themselves are very fresh. It's not often you see a mussel dish on the menu in the valley, let alone one as good as this. The pizza was great as well, nice rustic crust and the shrimp was very tender and flavorful.
3	If I could give 3.5 stars, I would. Great service, great Groupon, and the pizza was pretty good. Not great, but pretty good. My husband and I shared the Sausage Caramelized Onion Pizza and the Pesto Chicken Pizza. The waitress did not mask her shock at the fact that two slender adults were going to devour two whole pizzas, but she was nice, and apologized at the end of the meal for doubting us (we took two slices of my Pesto Chicken Pizza home, but the rest was gone). The service was very quick and pleasant, and the price was right. The Sausage Caramelized Onion Pizza was very flavorful, and I enjoyed the combination of the sweet onions and the salty sausage. The Pesto Chicken Pizza was not particularly flavorful, despite our addition of sundried tomatoes. I thought that the pesto could have used more garlic, or salt, or parmesan, or something. And the soggy tomato slices on top did not add anything positive to the pizza. But on the whole, it was a pretty good meal, and I would go back to try some other items on the menu. Especially if I have a Groupon!
3	I liked their Caesar salad, which had cashews instead of croutons.  We split the chicken and spinach pizza, which was decent, but not a homerun by any means.  The wine could use a bit of work.  I'm sorry, but Cetamura chianti is not worth $9 per glass.  I know that places sell wine to pay the bills, but at least make it interesting.
4	We discovered this place thanks to Groupon.  I bought 3 Groupons and then I kept seeing this pop up and I kept buying more....so, we've been here quite a bit over the past year.  We love this place because the food is good, servers are friendly, and when the weather is nice the outdoor patio is a perfect place to enjoy a meal.  Here are some highlights of what we've tried:Caprese Salad, $8.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-cove-trattoria-paradise-valley?select=7x7HxjlQu8xUYeQpzU4ghg#7x7HxjlQu8xUYeQpzU4ghgBruschetta, $9.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-cove-trattoria-paradise-valley?select=28td0bOsUi3rhWZMlG9V2A#28td0bOsUi3rhWZMlG9V2Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-cove-trattoria-paradise-valley?select=90SEp0sxi4_0q7shGSJCzQ#90SEp0sxi4_0q7shGSJCzQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-cove-trattoria-paradise-valley?select=s6CULpDIzFnW5gbx9cRWJg#s6CULpDIzFnW5gbx9cRWJgGrilled Halibut, $21.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-cove-trattoria-paradise-valley?select=75em7pLz3PEjl9p2i-GNAA#75em7pLz3PEjl9p2i-GNAACalzone, $13.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-cove-trattoria-paradise-valley?select=iMK_A-UwHCEfGt6R5d04OA#iMK_A-UwHCEfGt6R5d04OAMargherita Pizza, $12.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-cove-trattoria-paradise-valley?select=23-YnOwSWS_1irlHG-GcFQ#23-YnOwSWS_1irlHG-GcFQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-cove-trattoria-paradise-valley?select=qnjujUXuNRAToowV9hYuoA#qnjujUXuNRAToowV9hYuoAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-cove-trattoria-paradise-valley?select=RR8oSukgiUH5kKpPQtOGOA#RR8oSukgiUH5kKpPQtOGOAPiccante Pizza, $13.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-cove-trattoria-paradise-valley?select=MzA3u7wfdOhA8BZYfAKnHA#MzA3u7wfdOhA8BZYfAKnHAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-cove-trattoria-paradise-valley?select=0-O-_Nrm67JrwOYTQazhyg#0-O-_Nrm67JrwOYTQazhygNutella Pizzahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-cove-trattoria-paradise-valley?select=Ld4wGjbUrk6niYGON6XJvw#Ld4wGjbUrk6niYGON6XJvwPanna Cotta w/Caramelhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-cove-trattoria-paradise-valley?select=UmvP1e9r-OuNmyceKXEpBw#UmvP1e9r-OuNmyceKXEpBwBy far, our favorite menu items are the Bruschetta and the Pizza.  What makes their Bruschetta unique is the tiny slivers of Proscuitto they mix in with the Capers, Onions, Garlic, Tomatoes, and Basi.  It gives it a slightly salty flavor that goes well with the sweet Tomatoes.  The Pizza dough they use is really soft/fluffy and in my opinion is very addictive.  The portion size of the Pizza is just right for one person with a big appetite, which is me.Overall, it's a nice place to have dinner.  We'll definitely be back.Return Factor - 95%
4	We tried The Cove Saturday night. I ordered the Eggplant  Parmesan  special. It was fabulous! Nice, friendly neighborhood restaurant. Only drawback was the lighting in the restaurant. Way too bright and white. I mentioned it to one of the owners who assured me it was only temporary and they were working on a solution. Add a votive on every table and along the bar and it would warm it up nicely.
4	I ate here this past weekend by myself while trying to carb load for a marathon.  I wasn't exactly looking for this place but I am certainly glad to have found it.After i was seated by the hostess, my server came over fairly quickly with some bread and to tell me the specials.  The bread was simply awesome and there was a lot of it.  They had two different kinds, one topped by cheese and another rustic type, along with a spicy type sauce to put on it.  The bread was great by itself but when combined with the sauce it was awesome.  For dinner I decided to start off with the Caesar salad and then have the chicken francaise which was lightly battered chicken in a white wine, lemon and butter sauce over linguine. My salad came out first and after it was delivered I saw why it cost $7 as it was huge.  It also had cashews in it instead of croutons which I thought was inventive and I enjoyed it.  Literally as soon as I had finished my salad, my server brought out my chicken.  Normally I would not be happy but at that point the restaurant was filling up quickly and I was a single person at a four-top so I understood.  The chicken in my meal was cooked perfectly and smothered in sauce.  The sauce itself was a bit sour but I remedied that myself by putting some pepper on it which helped to cut through it.  Due to the large salad and large amount of bread, I actually had to take some of my meal home which I do not even know the last time that has happened but it has been a very long time.  I should also note that my water glass was refilled multiple times very quickly and rarely went past half full which I appreciated. The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future.  I enjoyed everything that I tasted and thought that their servers were top notch.
4	Nice Italian place with very good food and service.Ate here with five business colleagues. I had the filet mignon, others had fish or salad dishes. Nice beer selection and wines by the glass. I had the Pike Place Kilt Lifter; it was in very good condition.Filet was cooked perfectly as I ordered it- medium rare. 8 oz portion was ample, with a decent portion of polenta and some steamed vegetables. Dinners order by my colleagues were also very good, everyone enjoyed their meals.Service was attentive and friendly.Yes I would come back.
1	I'm not sure why the reviews are so high. Perhaps it was an off night. We had dinner here last night and if felt like one thing after another. Yes, we were seated right away... at a dirty table. Ok, wiped it off, we're all good. The bread basket is like something from a presliced bag from a grocery store. The caprese starter was good but they really need to take the tomatoes out of the fridge. They were cold, hard, and a bit grainy. The presentation and size was great. We both ordered the Chicken Saltinboca the procuttio was overlooked on my husbands and mine was burnt, the noodles and sauce were very salty. To their credit the food wait time was short. Our service was *terrible*. In the beginning I said to our server I would just like water, when we left my glass was completely empty not even ice in it and had never been refilled. Not that it wasn't requested. When asked about dessert we declined because we just wanted to leave already. I cannot recommend this place to anyone. :(
4	We came with a Localdines coupon and will come back again. We were greeted warmly, which I like. The alcohol and wine list, and the correct temperature of the wine I ordered show me the owner cares about serving quality wine. The food was quality also, and we will be back.  A five star rating would be given if the little tastes of bread offered at the beginning were better, and my fra diavolo was a little less oily.
1	Would definately not return!6 of us ate here during spring training and there wasn't one good dish amongst us.The salads were even bad.  I had the cheese walnut and fruit salad and it was flavorless, probably because it was so cold, was it kept in the fridge already prepared? The greek salad was uneatable.  The lobster ravioli's were swimming in sauce, the pizza was soso.
5	Delicious food, wonderful lunch menu.  Super cute patio.
5	I enjoyed lunch here the other day.  Service was spot-on, and my panini was delicious.  I was also nicely surprised - the decor and atmosphere at The Cove are really very nice....as well as spotless.  Next time, I think I'll try one of their salads for lunch....they looked sensational!And by the way, earlier the same week, some friends and I had lunch at The Herb Box at Southbridge. This was my request, after hearing so many people rave about it.Food, no complaints....nothing to rave about, though.  Service -terrible-inattentive-took forever to even get water glasses!  Side-by-side comparison...The Cove is BY FAR superior.  I don't go out of my way to be a negative reviewer....but if you have a choice - you'll have a better meal, and a much more pleasant experience if you try The Cove.
4	Happy Hours here are the real shining star as you can get some great food and drinks for pretty darn cheap. They have several gluten free options as well which the Mrs. appreciates a lot so keep that in mind for your needy eaters out there.The ambiance here is great so it is good enough to go to for a date as well as not feeling out of place in jeans and a t-shirt. Service has always been good too.I'd recommend the Blackened Chicken Pizza as well as the Muscles. My wife loves the Margherita Pizza.
4	We went here here twice for dinner during a four night stay nearby. Very good, fresh italian food with salads that i really enjoyed. Pasta dishes were also good. Service the first night was perfect. second night a little slower but still good. A good value for the food quality. I recommend the Cove Trattoria and will be back on subsequent visits.
2	The interior of this restaurant doesn't look at all like I expected. No warm music, no tablecloths, no Italian paintings. In fact, it's pretty cold, a bit modern, and not all warm in the ambiance department. The restaurant itself was empty besides the table by us, and the bar had several men sitting at it. Don't rush out and get your glam on,Girls, they're around my dearly-departed Dad's age. The food? Very average. The wine selection? Very small, and red's are not chilled to the temperature's that they should be. My husband ordered the Shrimp Verde appetizer and the mussel's as his meal. I ordered the stuffed shells. My stuffed shells were good, in and of themselves, but the vodka sauce was so salty that I am not swelling up and so thirsty that I am guzzling water. My husbands shrimp verde was pretty good. Nothing offensive about them.The mussel's were a little fishy, and although I generally love mussels, one was enough. This place is quite a bit overpriced for what you get, in my opinion. If you're an Italian, or an italian-food-lover, you may want to try somewhere else..
5	Casual atmosphere, upscale food.  Family-owned, with fresh, local ingredients.  Super friendly staff, remembers you after your first visit & will keep you coming back.  Fantastic happy hour specials, daily & weekly deals posted on their website.  The chef will make special accommodations for dietary concerns, or just a special request.  Great local spot!  Open for lunch, too!
4	I saw a Groupon for Cove Trattoria so I decided to give it a try. I had a salmon salad for lunch. I thought it was quite nice. The salmon was flavorful and cooked well and the salad was simple, but nice. The service was really good and everyone was very friendly.Nothing really stood out about the experience, but it was a solid meal and I enjoyed it. If you like their menu, you can definitely expect a nice meal and great service.
3	Good food and good service. The pear and walnut salad is great. However, the place lacked an ambience and I wouldn't really want to go there for a weekend night. It is also priced on the higher side.
1	the worst food we have seen in scottsdale!  no other dinners on busy restaurant week! our food was horrible seafood not fresh.waitress seemed to be busy drinking with what seemed to be a few regular bar patrons.... nice location but don't waste your time. guess it will be closed soon , don't fall for a groupon, or living social.!!!!
1	Probably the worst Chicken Parmesan sandwich ever and even worse chips. It was the Monday $5 special and it was far from special. They had no hostess which already is a big problem at the door. Only one guy working the bar, waiting tables and taking to-go orders. Either this guy is too cheap to hire staff or he expects nobody to show up during lunch (and it wasn't that crowded, so that may be it). The sandwich consisted of one piece of chicken, but it was not breaded at akll and half the breast had a fatty, tough end that was inedible. The bread was not toasted and tasted like the day's delivery of bread had not arrived yet. It could not be eaten. The housemade chips may have been housemade, but they may have been made a week ago. They were off tasting and over seasoned and overcooked and burnt. Just a nasty meal overall, well it wasn't really a meal because it was barely eaten. This place is a huge disappointment and embarrassment to Italian food and italian food lovers everywhere. Note to guy sitting at at bar: Nobody in the history of eating a sandwich has ever used a knife and fork to eat one. Customers at this place are bad too. Disaster.
1	I did not enjoy my experience at this restaurant. To be fair the calamari appetizer was excellent, however both of our entrees were extremely lacking, especially considering the price. The server seemed overwhelmed despite there was only about 5 occupied tables. The busboy was not only extremely unprofessional (constantly making inappropriate jokes) but he was slimy in the way he approached my girlfriend. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone and my only greater regret from eating there was not informing the manager of the poor service and food we received. I was extremely let down and confused as so many reviews of this restaurant were great, but it seemed like amateur hour to me.
5	Delicious dinner on the patio last night. Anthony, our server, was very attentive but not hovering. We shared a bottle of the special $25/wine and the chicken dishes were excellently prepared. With a salad, one entree would have been enough to share. Delightful service, atmosphere and food. New to the neighborhood, and we will definitely visit again.
5	The Cove is one of the friendliest places with great food and service.  Their pizza is the best.  Their salads are wonderful.  On top of the great food and drinks you get friendly service of some nice people.  The moment you walk in they welcome you.  And after a time or two, they know who you are.  You don't get that in very many places in Scottsdale.  We went for their Valentine dinner special which turned out to be the best special evening out that we have had in a long long time.  The Cove also has a Thursday night lasagna special.  Their lasagna is among the best you will find anywhere.  Our introduction to The Cove was their Monday-Tuesday 2 for $22 where you get a drink each, share a salad and can get a pizza that is half and half to meet both person's favorite.  Momma Mia!!!  What a deal!
4	Not what I was expecting from an Italian Restaurant in terms of decor and ambiance but overall a good experience. We were the only ones in the restaurant other than a couple guys at the bar.A group of us went for a late dinner and happened to go on the half-off wine bottle night. Good service at the table and extremely responsive. We started off dinner with the stuffed mushrooms (they were excellent!) and the calamari (which was good, nothing special). I had the meatball pizza as my entree and it was good, nothing to complain about.Overall the service was excellent but food was average.
3	We went here on a Groupon.  This place is okay.  Nothing real impressive about the food or service.  Our waitress did not refill our water glasses once.  We had a pesto chicken dish.  The chicken was supposed to be grilled but was not and tasted like processed lunch meat.  Overall I would not go here again.
4	The food was really good. We went with a group and they had some wine specials that were great.  My review would be more in depth but we went almost a month ago.  My only complaint is that I ordered (pricy) lobster raviolis and I purposely left half so I could have leftovers for my lunch work the next day.  The server boxed my food for me, including my leftover salad.  When I got to work the next day... There were no raviolis in my takeout box. Just leftover salad and ravioli sauce.  I was more than irritated.  My husband confirmed that he saw my plate leave the table with raviolis on it.  He also confirmed he did not eat my leftovers....  I'm not sure where they went... But I was left without my leftovers and no lunch the next day.  The server was nice and prompt otherwise.  The appetizers were good and we were sat promptly.  Just box your own food.
3	I just ate at this restaurant and even though this was my first visit it was not to be desired, but I may give it another chance.  As Anthony from Hotel Impossible would say, "management needs a little education on how to run a restaurant".My first mistake was to park in the alley and I entered the restaurant through the side door where I almost tripped over an electrical cord lying in front of the door.  I would like to add that this area is also very close to the restrooms where someone could trip over it.After using the men's room where a sign was posted on the urinal saying DO NOT FLUSH, (may be they could have said, Please do not flush?),   anyway I pointed out to the bar attendant the electrical cord lying in from of the door when she immediately informed me that this was the service entrance.   This part of the restaurant needs a good cleaning and straightening up.I always look at restaurants restrooms because I then know what the kitchen will look like.  The Cove Trattoria pasted this test, but barely.We ate outside on the patio where we enjoyed the noise of truck parked in back of the restaurant.  I told the waiter who was serving us and he informed me that it was not for their delivery but would see what he could do.  Obviously he did nothing since I confronted the driver when I left about parking his truck so close to the walkway where the refrigeration noise was traveling between the buildings up to the front.  I asked him if he delivered here often and he said yes but normally comes in from the other direction when this noise would not be a problem.  He then asked me if I would like for him to move the truck. I said it wouldn't be necessary since he had already been there for about 30 minutes and was almost finished with his deliveries.I ordered the Italian Dip which I would have rated an eight except the waiter spilled the au jus onto my plate which caused the sandwich to become soggy.  Not good. I like this place and will give it another chance.  Everyone can have a bad day once in awhile. :-)
1	Terrible service. Very rude food server. Embarrassed to have brought my family there. Will never go back.
5	We had a great dinner. Had walnut pear salad and the chicken saltimboca, both of which we split. This is a very nice feature that meals are large enough to share if you care to. Amanda was our server and she was terrific - very knowledgeable and had great suggestions.  We sat on the patio too which was very pleasant. Chocolate mousse fabulous. Highly recommend!
2	The food was not bad. The pesto chicken and shrimp good but the chicken they use in their house specialty was a pre-cooked piece of chicken.  Service was terrible!!!!  Still didn't have silverware when we got food and we asked for it when we got our bread.  Used a groupon, but if they are using groupon to generate business it is not going to happen with the service they have.
5	Since it's a short walk from the office I dine here several times a month. I really like this family operated restaurant. Whether it's there Monday/Tuesday pizza special for 2 or Pasta Rustica, they deliver big on flavor.
4	I found this restaurant to be refreshingly simple. The price point for the area was amazing. For five bucks and the cost of a drink, bingo!  I ordered a meatball sandwich for lunch. It was good.  I didn't much like the chips though. They were a bit oily. Not too favorable. The owner under estimated the crowd for lunch or a server didn't show up, and was short servers. But it was fine. It all worked out. This was a rare price find in the area. I'd go again.
2	We used to frequent the Cove years ago and couldn't figure out why we stopped going. After getting a groupon, we decided to head back. We started with the yummy bread and roasted red pepper spread. Yum. Very good. The bread portions were small, but that's ok because we were going to have pizza. My mom, husband and I split a Caesar salad. It was very good. I liked the addition of cashews. It was a generous portion.My husband and mother split a meatball, sausage pizza- they liked it.My dad and I split a Margherita pizza. When it came we should have sent it back. The whole center was swimming in grease but we were hungry and we figured that it would take too long to wait for a new one. When you hold up a piece of the pizza the whole end drooped and dripped. Disgusting. We cut off the ends and ate the rest of the pizza. Now, I have a heavy lead feeling in my stomach. Gross. The waiter was very nice. He comped the pizza and brought more bread by my request (I had to try to soak up the bread). The new bread basket was very generous. If I ever go back to the Cove, which is very unlikely, I would get the Caesar Salad and bread and call it a day.
5	Great classic Italian American favorites prepared by an old school Italian American chef. Legit patio and bar.
5	Went in for late lunch. Sat at the bar and theManager/Bartender served us. Had a Caesar and Oriental salad, and both were good. Food came out fast, since lunch crowd had left. Had a glass of wine, which was good as well. Had a Living Social deal, which I would recommend. Happy Hour deals looked good as well. Give it a shot...
4	We used a Groupon for our first time and it was wonderful!  We will be back.  Our waitress was engaging and attentive.  The food and service was fabulous and the atmosphere was laid back and a great place to have dinner, cocktails and conversation.
5	Love this place! The people are extremely friendly and helpful, the prices are more than reasonable for the quality of food, and the food itself is terrific. I have brought several friends and family to Cove Trattoria and not one person has been anything but thankful for finding this place. Have not had anything but a great meal here, from their burger to the lobster ravioli.
5	My husband and I just went for happy hour.  The food was incredible and the service was outstanding.   I look forward to going back and trying more things on the menu.  We had an awesome Filet Mignon Salad, Meatball Sliders, and wonderful desserts.  I highly recommend The Cove.  You will not be disappointed!!
5	Love this place! One of my go-to Italian places in Scottsdale. The owners are super friendly and the staff and service are also suberb. The mussels appetizer is to die for! I highly recommended The Cove!!
5	We love to go there for a salad and pizza. Any and all are delicious! Perfect amount for two people to split. Good service, casual atmosphere.
5	Wow!!!   Amazing food.  Their was 5 of us and we all had different plates. Everything was over the top excellent.  I will definitely be spending more time at this, my new favorite Italian restaurant. Only one problem I had here, and that is the service was pretty slow.  I dont mind waiting for good food but I don't think the kitchen is what was holding up the dining experience.
5	Happy Hour is fabulous... Pizza's are truly marvelous, try the sweet sausage & carmel onions or the Margherita = superb!  Grilled Sausage & Veggie skewers are excellent.  All servings are good-size, the bar offerings for H-H are terrific as are the wines selection and Beers a-plenty.Great staff, all excellent & quite friendly + helpful.This was our 4th time there and is quite consistent quality.Regular dining menu offers great selections & same wonderful service.We moved to Scottsdale last year and discovered this great place only a few months ago.  It's quickly becoming a regular stop for us and I wholeheartedly recommend them to all... young & old(er)Good hunting, Jon Messer
5	Visiting from out of town and have never been so sad to not have anywhere to store my leftovers!  Amazing pizza and that pear and walnut salad is fabulous!
2	First, if you don't know how to cook pasta you should not call yourself an Italian restaurant.I digress however. The muscles appetizer was good. The sauce and the muscles both were fresh and were flavorful. The bread, which was highlighted here on yelp, was less than flavorful and tasted old and dry. The roasted peppers dip served with the bread tasted like it had mayonnaise in it. Gross.We ordered the tricolor salad and it was saturated with Gorgonzola sauce and super salty.Next we tried the penne pasta, which was highlighted for restaurant week, and it was completely over cooked and almost disintegrating in the bowl. The goat cheese served with the penne pasta tasted like a low-end saran wrapped left over from the Safeway sale bin. Ironically, the pasta was not only was overcooked but also under salted.Luckily we ordered a Malbeck wine from Argentina and it was the best part of the entire meal. The service was less than stellar and less than interested in serving us, by May did decide to take the pasta off the price of the bill. It was a late but magnanimous gesture on their part.If yelp would put all of their reviews in chronological order instead of highlighting the positive reviews, we probably would've never ended up here. We hope you get this review before you read the bloated positive reviews before this one.
5	For my 40th birthday dinner the only restaurant in town I wanted to go to was The Cove.  We ordered the calamari, mussles, verde shrimp and the margherita pizza. Everything was absolutely delicious! The friendly staff made my birthday dinner a very memorable night. The Cove gets my highest approval!
4	Enjoyable dinner at the Cove. Great pizzas, fantastic salads and superb service. Our server, Anthony, was top notch and went above and beyond in his customer service skills. Ambiance, decor and cleanliness all above average also. Nice place to catch some happy hour deals and the lunch specials they advertise are worth heading back for.I would not recommend the calamari, but have heard the shrimp verde is phenomenal. Will be trying that next.
4	A really nice local place with quality food, reasonable price and excellent service. Go on Mondays for the two for 22.00 special. A very good deal! The chilled Pesto shrimp are excellent. One of our go to places when we visit.
