4	cherry blossom has good ramen, but their selection of ramen is VERY limited. everyone should go though, to see what real ramen is like. hopefully they'll expand their ramen selections in the future.
5	Yes!  This place was soooo good.  Several veggie options... delicious Yakisoba.  I'm looking forward to trying out their sister-restaurant, Eastwind.Went on a Saturday night and it was VERY busy.  I can't wait to go back, just not during peak hours.
4	It had been a while since I've been to Cherry Blossom, so I didn't feel good about reviewing it until I tried it again recently.  It was just as good as I remembered.  The service is a tad slow and it is pretty smoky inside, so you run the risk of smelling like garlic and wok oil all day if you eat in.  But take out is always an option.  I had a noodle soup with "mountain vegetables" and fatty udon noodles.  Mountain vegetables?  WTF?  The server didn't even know what the were but they tasted good.  Two thumbs up.
4	Cherryblossom Noodle Cafe (No really, the menu says it's one word) is another one of those great hidden little restaurants located in an unassuming strip mall in close proximity to a liquor store. The name doesn't lie. You can order up some hot tasty noodles of course, but they don't stop there. While perusing the menu and munching on a dinner roll, I noticed quite a pastiche of cuisines. Many salads to choose from, rice plates with your choice of freshly cooked animal, and noodle soups. But do they stop there? No. Sushi too. I'm not a fan of seafood. Even in the four years I spent in Alaska I ate seafood maybe a handful of times. Today I put on my brave pants and tried a Spicy Tuna Roll and it was great! Not fishy at all and was presented beautifully with a side of wasabi and ginger. I ordered the Yakisoba Chicken and it was hot, fresh and excellent. The little salad that was given to me was odd though. I couldn't quite place the dressing, but whatever it consisted of did not mesh well with the bitter lettuce. Ok, so they have sushi at an Asian place. What else could they offer? Italian pasta. Yeah, pasta. Penne, angel hair, linguine and tofu noodles. Arrabbiata, Bolognaise and Cappellini sauces. Calamari with Anchovy Tomato Sauce. The "Ika Mentai" - fresh squid and spicy cod with butter sauce.  Whether you want Asian food, seafood, sushi, or Italian, this is one-stop shopping. The dessert counter looked excellent as well with cheesecakes, mousse (is the plural of mousse also mousse?) and eclairs, but none for me this time around. The banana bread that is served with every meal was enough to sate my sweet tooth.
5	This place has the best vegetarian sushi roll in town as well as overall good food. Service alters from unbelievably excellent to non-existent.
5	After reading the reviews, I just had to check out the Cherryblossom Noodle Cafe.  I was not disappointed...What a crazy little place!  I went with my brother and a friend.  I had the yakisoba (noodles with vegetable and sauce), my brother had the Udon noodle soup with tofu, and his friend has the tuna.  All three were such different dishes yet were all wonderful.  We couldn't stop raving about the flavor.  Who knew noodles could be so magical or tofu so flavorful?!?The service was actually quite wonderful.  Our waitress helped guide us to the meals we would like.  She also brought us the cool appetizer bread basket...banana bread, little cinnamon toasts, and rolls.  She also helped up each pick a desert :)Just an odd little place, Japanese and Italian noodles in a restaurant with plenty an Eiffel Tower decoration and a bright red British phone booth???  Check it out :)
2	No. That's all I can say. The Ramen left something to be desired - I'd prefer Phu any day. The atmosphere was cool - bright red phone booth inside to pique your curiosity. The variety of bread they serve is a welcome change. My dining companion enjoyed the rare (and new) "yogurt beer." I would go back to try another entree, but I would stay away from the Ramen.
4	One day, I was craving something light and healthy, and this place seemed just the ticket. Trying to avoid the Camelback construction, I wended my way through a residential area, and lucked out on a sweet parking spot.I didn't really have the time or desire to eat there, so I grabbed a menu and placed an order to go -- the seared tuna, and some soba noodles. And I waited. And waited. For the record, there is no waiting area, per se. I just stood around by the door, kind of looming over some poor guy's table. I explained to at least 4 different groups, that I was not waiting for a table, and they could go ahead of me. When my food was finally ready, I quickly paid and bolted out the door.In the comfort of my cube, I unwrapped the goods. The tuna looked lovely, a good shade of red, nicely seasoned crust, presented on a bed of greens, with a soy-based sauce on the side. It tasted fantastic as well. The noodles were rather plain, the broth unremarkable, but not bad.I would definitely go back, but would phone in my order first, or dine there.
4	The foods are authentic and tasty, even got the approval from my japanese client!Try their squid meatballs and ramen.  The list of noodles is extensive.It's a solid 4-Star Noodle Cafe!
5	My husband & I are addicted to Cherryblossom's ramen. Mr. T is Japanese & I lived in Japan for @4 years, so take my word it's authentic.The mix of foods is not so strange if you're familiar with restaurants in Japan. The ramen is Hakata style, made with a pork broth & may be heavy/oily for some people, so why not please everybody? Be sure to ask for "Cha Shu Ramen" to get a few more pieces of pork. (extra $)The salads are also fantastic; warm lightly fried (10?)Shrimp on a fresh spring mix base with mango dressing,  Shanghai Duck salad, and the Chicken Caesar was perfect, not heavily dressed like some "roadhouses." Mr. T & our daughter loved the Eggplant in Miso Sauce, & even the California Roll was good.It's said Japan took the best of each country's cuisine. So there are French pastries, German beer, Italian pasta, and Indian curries. Save the banana bread for dessert if you can, or get one of their pastries. I've never have enough room.If you like good WHITE bread, buy one of the Pullman loaves on the table by the front door. My first extra 20 pounds in Japan came from the good bread! (No whole grain breads were available 30 years ago!)I think it's too small for groups over six.Maybe we'll see you there.Added 11/18/07I think that their menus are not all alike, so if  ramen isn't on the menu you receive, you can still order it. (It's posted in Japanese on the wall.) For the basic, ask for "Hakata Ramen." For extra pork, ask for "Cha-shu-men" or "Cha-shu-ramen."Either way, there's really not much pork in it. That's why you need a delicious shrimp or duck salad.
4	I was fooled.  The unassuming strip mall exterior and the fact that it shares a wall partition with a blech sister restaurant (Tokyo Express) had me fooled.  Even the overwhelmingly positive reviews didn't inspire me to go.  But make no mistake, this place is fantastic. I am embarrassed to say that I only ended up here because Lola and Padres (Oregano's was too long of a wait) were both closed on Sunday night -- and I pass by this place all the time.Really good noodles and pasta done Asian Fusion style and totally cheap.  The noodle dishes here are eight or nine dollars and have huge portions.  I ordered the haruki yakisoba noodle stirfry with pork and shrimp - which came to me in a large bowl and steaming with soy and ginger flavors.  The Korean spicy noodle bowl also outdid itself with sliced beef strips and a wonderfully hot hot hot taste.  If that's not your thang, they have rice bowls, sushi, salads, about 20 Italian/Med dishes and several vegetarian and tofu dishes.You'll find that they have an open kitchen so if you're close to it you can spy and  salivate over everyone else's food.  The servers were all very prompt and courteous after a slow start.  A solo diner next to us was raving about the place and how much he loves it. My favorite part of the food was definitely the complimentary cinammon bread crisps and bread basket that came with BANANA BREAD?!?  Wtf, whew, that came out of left field.  An awesome and delicious surprise that was.They had a small wine list that was half off for that night -- as a nightly special.  Did you hear that?  HALF OFF!!  All the sudden that $30 bottle of pinot looked pretty damn good.  So for $15 we had four glasses of wine on the cheap.  The owners know the one way to my heart -- wine specials!!  Yes, it's official.  I'm easy.When I got the tab did I realize that dinner here (with the wine) was CHEAPER than breakfast earlier that day at Orange Table.  Only then, did everything in life make sense.  Lesson:  Sketchy looking strip mall restaurant does not equal dump. P.S.  The tiny parking lot gets crowded very quickly and street parking with Oregano's next door can be problematic.
5	You know how everyone has that go-to place to take visiting friends and other out-of-town guests...this is mine.  I've taken my sister and her boyfriend, my cousin and her boyfriend, several other couples, and they've always LOVED this restaurant.Located in an unassuming little stripmall on Camelback (because creative contemporary architecture no longer exists in Arizona), the Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe is so tucked away, you'd never know it existed.  Even if you did, you'd never know it was so damn good.Any how, a friend introduced me, and I am in love with this place for the following reasons:1. QUALITY.The food is ALWAYS excellent.  I've never had anything bad here and it's always fresh and tasty.  2. VARIETY.My boyfriend and I love this place because he can get REAL Chinese and I don't have to eat forture cookies and water.  The theme is noodles, so we encompass all Asian varieties and Italian as well.  They also have other Asian options such as a Japanese bento-box, sushi, edemame, etc.  It's weird that they come to your table with bread and they latter on you're eating tempura...but that's the appeal.  Great desserts too!3. AMBIANCE.I always describe it as Tokyo Disneyland.  It's like a Japanese take on European provincial.  There's a nice brick facade inside, nice fixtures, big, solid-hunk-of wood rustic tables, filagree metal light fixtures, etc.  It's just pleasant and romantic.4. STAFFThey've got that perky-Japanese thing down, even the non-Asian wait staff.  They're always smiling and helpful.  The girls are cute and perky. They're always just really nice people.So, come to the Cherry Blossom.  You can bring out-of-town friends and maybe convince them that that Valley isn't all Mexican or big-box/chain places.  BTW, since the place is small and intimate, small double-dating size groups are good, but this is no place for massive groups.
5	Mmmmm....Korean Spicy Beef at it's finest! Their appetizer breads are fantastic as well.
2	**WARNING: REVIEW PARTIALLY BASED ON BITTER GIRL SYNDROME**(you've been warned)See, I don't really like this place.Ok, maybe it's because the meal was planned around a gruesome and undue breakup, during which I cried into my soup and everything became tasteless, but THAT IS NOT MY FAULT. It's not my fault I can be simply too awesome for some to comprehend.Moving on.I tried it again sans ridiculous relationship errors (that's you, Isaac*!) and I, quite frankly, remain unimpressed. The pad thai is eh, and the soup I revisited was simply as bland as I remember, but without the enduring emotional frustration this time.*names have been changed to protect your stupid identity. Maybe not. Haha.
5	5 stars.  Love this place.  Already a ton of yelpers have yelped about Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe.   I am sure most of them are similar to my love for this place.Spicy Beef Noodle Bowl.
5	I got to do the ordering tonight... and it was a fabulous meal at CherryBlossom Noodle Cafe! I have never seen a restaurant that is so eclectic... you have traditional noodle dishes, both hot and cold, from Japan, along with Sushi; pasta dishes from Italy, and some items from SouthEast Asia! There is more than enough diversity in their menu to satisfy the most discriminating palate. Despite their diversity, CherryBlossom Noodle Cafe does not stray from the basic tenant of Japanese Cuisine: food items are never too salty or too sweet, and are never bland; you can call it cooking subtlety.For starters I ordered a California Summer Roll (Vietnamese) for my friend and myself. Unlike the Vietnamese Summer Roll spiced with mint, and usually accompanied by a lime dipping sauce; CherryBlossom's version was accompanied by a sauce comprised of sweet Sesame Seed / Soy Sauce dip. A Summer Roll contents include Shrimp, Rice Vermicelli, Crab strips, and Cabbage wrapped with a thin Rice Paper "tortilla". Anyone used to the Vietnamese version will see CherryBlossom's as probably a little bland... but you have to remember the philosophy behind Japanese cooking.My friend also had Miso Soup with his meal. Unlike the soup yesterday evening, he said the Miso Soup was very good.With every meal, you will also receive a bread basket ( http://cherryblossom-az.com/cherry-bread.gif ). The basket contains three types of breads: a soft and warm French Roll; a slice from a dark and sweet Blueberry bread; and a crispy Butter Biscuit. There is enough variety in texture from all the breads to satisfy anyone.Main dishes...I ordered for my friend Grilled Orange Roughy. The Orange Roughy was grilled to perfection and was accompanied by a sweet and salty dipping sauce concoction. Sides consisted of Japanese sticky rice.I ordered for myself the Beef Nanban Soup with thin Soba (Wheat) Noodles, rather than the Udon Noodles, accompanied by a bowl of Japanese Sticky Rice. My friend does not drink, but I ordered the Rasperry Fruit Punch, a very good drink made from Raspberry Wine with Fruit Punch... essentially a Raspberry Wine Cooler (but stronger). This drink also had an umbrella "thing" spearing a whole strawberry! Very good and refreshing!I had my usual coffee after the meal which surprised me a little... an Amaretto laced coffee was brought out. The aroma was very enticing! Would make a coffee drinker out of anyone!100% of capacity, with 30% Asian; 20% Hispanic; rest Caucasian. First time I've been to a restaurant that was packed with NO seats left! A very popular spot!CherryBlossom is very heartily recommended so long as you remember the tenets of Japanese Cuisine... no extreme flavors... nothing will be extremely spicy, salty or sweet. This makes it easy to grab a little from this dish, and something from that dish without disrupting the flavor of either.There was something that was a little disconcerting, though... The state of the men's room. For such a highly rated establishment, it seemed like no one had checked on the men's room for about two to three hours... toilet paper thrown around, stains around the wash basin. Nothing really objectionable, but a little surprising considering the number of staff for such a small establishment. This establishment has to be aware that a restaurant is judged by it's back-room as well as it's front room. Won't take anything off... but it is highly noticeable considering...And the diners of CherryBlossom has to share the same restrooms with Tokyo Express (right next door), both of the businesses are probably owned by the same management group. The interesting tidbit is that we both spent MORE for a worse meal last night at Bamboo House... AMAZING! My friend said his dishes from the Summer Roll to the Grilled Fish was some of the freshest tasting dishes he ever had; good compliment from him. In fact, he wanted to go back to CherryBlossom the next evening... but this is my last night here in the Phoenix area.... sigh....(I really think everyone is reviewing CherryBlossom under the wrong spelling.... It's CherryBlossom, not "Cherry Blossom". Take a look at their sign or their website.)
4	I just came over here and the influence of Yelp easily made me try it out as I do pass by here quite a bit.  I was so surprised by the exterior that I wasn't sure of it'd be that great of a place.  Originally looking at it, it didn't even look like a sit-down from the exterior, boy, I was surprised.This place is great, I loved every part of it, from the bread to my takoyaki appetizer and my ramen.  The people caught on really quickly that I drink a lot of water and kept the water coming which is very difficult in my opinion.  It's weird but one of the major points for me that I care about.The food and the service was fantastic, the wait was a little longer than I thought it should be but it made up for it.  Also the place is disguised on the exterior in my opinoin and I would've taken longer to come here without the reviews here.   I'd give it 4.5 if I could because of the wait on the food but I hope it's better next time.  I will definitely be returning here again.----------------------I just took the full star off.  Should be 3.5 stars now.  The last 3 times I've been here, it's too much waiting.  It took 40 minutes to get my food the last time.  I think something needs to be done about the wait time and why doesn't the waiter ask me how I'm doing or bring me water?  I appreciate those kinds of things!
4	I was introduced to this little hidden treasure by my best pal, a Japanese, years back. The first impression that i had was... Camelback Road? Bad traffic... The strip mall and surrounding area seems sort of wearing down. However, as i step into the little cafe... The aroma of banana bread tingle my sense of smell. But wait a minute.. Banana bread in a Japanese restaurant? The place is an Asian fusion themed cafe. I really loved this place but lunch time during the weekday is usually a bad time to go. Pack with customers from nearby office building during the lunch hours. The best part of the cafe is the banana bread that they served before your meal. I usually order the Champon, a delicious concoction of seafood and noodle in the delicious champon broth... mmm ... foood. A must try it for those of you that are adventure enough. Reminder.. it's a seafood dish.. so there will be "seafood", which include calamari and so on.A great place for couples for lunch or dinner.. small wine list but at a reasonable price.. The menu seems to be at a reasonable price. Great place to have a enjoyable meal during the late afternoon or early evening.
5	This place is good.  Really good.  I give it the 3 C's: casual, cute and relatively cheap.  Its a great place to go if everyone your eating with can't decide on what to eat... Pasta?  Check.  Soup noodles?  Check.  Sushi?  Check.  The chicken parm and salmon pastas were delicious!  Can't wait to go back!
4	I have only ordered take-out from here a couple times, but thoroughly enjoyed everything I have ordered.  The wait staff is very nice... one of the times I was there waiting for my food a very impatient and rude patron was being very mean to the hostess and she took it in stride with a smile on her face.  When someone can do that I give them props:)
4	I am okay with Cherryblossom, really I am.  Nothing I ate there sucked.  I want to be clear, however, that they have no ramen.  Not their fault, mind you, that people have said that they do, and I drove over there, boyfriend in tow, Jonesing for ramen, and there was nothing on the menu but udon and soba noodles, and I was so disappointed that I couldn't order either of them, and I hated the bread, and I can't remember what I ordered becauase there was no ramen.  But never mind all of that.  My boyfriend ordered sushi even though I told him I wanted to leave.  And his food was decent, for Arizona sushi at a place that serves bread and 'clamari with anchoby tomato' (sic) as well.  Yeah, I eat food off of his plate.  You got a problem with that?The upshot of my visit there is that I left unsure that boyfriends are worth all of this trouble, and unsure why Cherryblossom doesn't put a real bowl of ramen on the menu.
4	Let's face Phoenix. If you say you'll never dine at a restaurant that exists in a strip mall, you're gonna be missing about 43% of Phoenix restaurants. Cherry Blossom, located in a deliciously skanky strip mall on Camelback is a true gem. Not a hidden gem, however, as I notice it's been yelped frequently and seems to be well received. I'll have to say I wasn't thrilled with my noodle dish, kinda bland. However, the sushi rolls were fantastic. The tempura shrimp in particular was mouth watering. My friends thai inspired soup was so good I almost wanted to dive in so I could simply lap it up with my tongue. But he hit me on my forehead with his spoon so I retreated back to my sushi rolls. Service was first rate. I had a manger meeting and we were there almost 2 1/2 hours and were never hurried and not once did we get the "waiter stink eye". If you've ever been privey to that, ouch, it stings! There were 7 of us and the bill came to about $100 so all I can is "come on down" cuz the "price is right" at CherryBlossom Noodle Cafe....
4	Great sit-down style lunch / dinner place.Had Summer Spring Rolls (not fried thankfully) and they were nice enough to omit the shrimp for my lunchmate.  Tasty to me.Had some other thing on the Appetizer menu that has a strange name and was $3.00  It was some little dish of veggies and asian sauce... very yummy.Lunch special we had was Korean Spicy Beef.  Lite dish, not fried, plenty of veggies and perfectly spiced.The tables always bothered me at CBNC.  The "2-tops" always seem crowded with the little lamp and the box of spices and chop sticks, etc.  I always feel like I am going to knock the entire table over.
3	Previous reviews make a lot of good points, but I disagree that the food is bland. Try the house specialties, the soups and the spring rolls. I had not been in for a few years and was pleasantly surprised on my visit last night as to how busy it was. This is good value and quality for an area of central Phoenix where good restaurants are scarce. And don't dis the desserts -- they're terrific.
3	AMMENDMENT: I just have to put this in for the HORRIBLE service we got when we went to Cherry Blossom Saturday night. We saw our waitress once to take our order and then she never came near our table again. No refills to water or my iced green tea. She didn't even show up after I had to get up to ask for boxes and the check. Do not go here when it's even mildly busy, you'll be as annoyed as we were this weekend. Oh also, she was kind of argumentative while taking our order... it was odd. It was like she was trying to get us to not order certain things... Original Review: What a great little place. I definitely didn't expect the tiny strip mall noodle joint I pass on my way to work to be this good. It looks kind of crappy from the outside and the road sign just says "Noodle Cafe." But lo and behold, you enter into a cute, stylish restaurant.I do have to say, I was a little weirded out by the thought of Asian/Italian cuisine, but was happy to find out that the two stay separate. They had sushi, noodles, salads, and pasta. Plus a kinda decent sake selection.My friend and I got the unagi salad (big enough for a meal or to split) and then the seafood yakisoba noodles. The salad was excellent and the unagi (eel) was fresh, well cooked, and really tasty. The noodles were so good that the lady sitting next to me saw mine (and how i was enjoying myself) and ordered it too.
5	If you can get past the worn exterior, you are in for a treat.  This is easily one of my favorite restaurants in all of Phoenix, and I often made the trip down from Peoria to eat here.  The menu is very extensive to say the least... I was very impressed by their hard-to-find fusion items, such as Ika Mentaiko pasta (squid with spicy cod roe).  If you have an eclectic appetite, I recommend you come here!  Though I've never tried any of their more typical Italian offerings, their sushi and Asian noodle dishes are delicious!  They've also got an assortment of interesting cocktails--Saketini, anyone?
5	One of the best oxymoronic ethnic restaurants in Phoenix. They have some of the most authentic Japanese food but then they're offering Italian food on the same menu?? Don't try to figure this place out. Just go try it and you'll see that good eats, quality and value are all had here.
4	I have only eaten here a few times, but it's left an impression that was recently reinforced at the Matsuri Festival. A friend and former co-worker introduced me to this place, saying it reminded her of her mother's restaurant food... her mother from Japan. After munching on the most ethinically eclectic breadbasket (read other reviews, it's so true!), I had the udon with tempura shrimp and OMG I was stuffed about halfway through the steaming bowl of slurpy good noodles, flavorful broth, and giant, meaty shrimp covered in a tempura that, amazingly, had not disintegrated in the liquid. True comfort food, but I will warn - you may become drowsy after eating this. It's like Ambien was the secret ingredient. :) At Matsuri, the line was long (as they were at almost every food booth) and I will say the $7 may have been a tad much for the styrobowl of ramen with bbq pork slices, but that was quickly forgotten as I tucked in. The steam rising from my precarious bowl promised flavor and did not fail to deliver. The pork was oooh so good; even my picky 5-yr-old was slurping up the noodles and munching on the smoky-tasting meat. The broth was filling and so good, perfect for what turned out to be kind of a blustery day. Yeah, there's a wait sometimes. It's a small place, and helloooo... if it sucked, there would be NO wait. Man it up and chat with a stranger. You'll be standing like 2 inches from them heheheehh.
5	As my girlfriend explained to me on one of our several trips to this place, it is common in Japan for restaurants to server typical japanese food and the cuisine of another country.Hence the Italian, and Japanese, cuisine.Next time I go, I am going to order some italian, just to see if it is as good as everything else I have ordered there.If you are going on a theme date, pair lunch here with the Japanese Friendship Garden.A great alternative to Oregano's, since they are almost always slammed and have no parking!
2	We probably should not have waited as long as we did, for what we were served. It's not bad, I guess... if you feel it is adventurous to try flavors fused with one another. I'm down with the fusion, only if it's done tastefully. I mean, after all, you are there for the taste. Seared tuna... was far from seared. They just let the flimsy slivers of tuna saturate in the acid for a bit to give it a seared look. But uh, it was missing the crisp in the sear, and all I could taste was the acidity and pepper sprinkled on top. Takoyaki... supposedly had some octopus bits in it. Luckily, I found 1/4 of a tentacle in these things. However, this was sabotaged by the sauce these little balls were drowning in. Too much basil in the hoisin or something. The caterpillar... haha. Cute, but was searching for some significant pieces of eel in here. Sushi rice was a bit soggy too. Ebi-ten, basically udon/soba (opted udon) with two shrimp tempura, was okay. I've whipped this up myself before, so...Wow, unfortunately not very memorable. Good job, presentation... but not so much a sensation.
5	This is one of my favorite little places. I always feel comfortable here. the atmosphere is quaint and the food is damned good and affordable. It makes a terrific date place. Good for conversation. The desserts always look terrific but I never save room. Best value for Japanese food that I can think of.
4	Great place for a business lunch!  Quiet conversation.  Good food.  Attentive [but not intrusive] service.  Reasonable prices.I'm beginning to salivate again!
5	Uber yumz fa sho.  Japanese-style Western food!  Last time my gf and I were here, we got the tofu steak and takoyaki (octopus balls) for starters.  The takoyaki came in a set of six and was topped with this oh-so-delicious brown sauce.  We followed that up with a wakame (seaweed) salad and an entree of salmon in cream sauce over pasta (not the exact name. it's on the last page of the menu near the bottom).  OH MAN! SUPER DELICIOUS!  Finished it off with a creme brulee, which surprisingly wasn't too rich.  Oh man, my mouth is watering just thinking of it and it doesn't seem to matter that it's nearly 6am in the morning as I write this.  That alone should be a testament as to how rad the food at Cherry Blossom is.
4	Very good noodle shop.  I got referred here on my second day in town by the folks at Fujiya.  They were right.  I went for lunch and I almost could have missed it, tucked away in a little corner in a shopping plaza.  But the outside appearance belied the cute interior. I am waiting for it to get cold out (or even mildly less than scorching) so I can go in for some Ramen!!  Real Ramen - nothing like it.  This trip I had Tempura and some cold noodles. - Good stuff.
4	Authentic Japanese ramen in town, affordable, cute restaurant! 4/5My all time fav restaurant in town for ramen noodle. I always go there for its Takana and Char-shu ramen. Cherry blossom's ramen reminded me of those that I got from Harajuku.. thick, creamy, flavorful broth with real thin Jap noodle. We always get a loaf of its banana bread (~$8) home. Good place, will go back soon!
1	I took two of my friends there who are here in Phoenix the first time and the service was terrible.  The noodles and other dishes were good as usual, but the service we received from the guy was otherwise.That guy talked very fast which didn't bother me as much until he started forgetting our requests.  He stopped by to check if we needed to refill the green tea in couple of occassions but never did it until in much later time.  When we asked to split the bills in two in certain way, it had to be done three times.  It just gave me the impression that he didn't really pay attention to what we wanted.This is the first time I went back since last year (rated 4/5 previously).  Hopefully he will improve his service and attitude or else they will lose more customers.
2	The interior decor is nicer than the strip mall suggests. This seems to be true in Arizona a lot. The special that evening was Cajun shrimp with Anchovy Sauce, but I wasn't in the mood for those flavors as I was eating a bit early. This was to be a light meal.I ordered the clams in broth. 20 clams in a nice bowl, but the broth was very heavy on black pepper. I would have preferred, buttery or white wine or other flavors, but there were only green scallions to fight for dominance. The clams were ok, but some were gritty. I ordered a spicy salmon roll and that was very good. I liked the roe on the outside of the roll and the roll stayed intact as I brought it to my mouth. My partner got the Ahi with glaze and it was prepared perfectly, although the glaze was heavy handed. The tea was nice. My Raspberry Spritzer had a flavor I couldn't determine and I didn't like it as much as I thought I would. I actually added water to it, to soften the flavor and that's not something I've done often anywhere. The dessert case didn't have all the selections, but from my partners perspective the cheesecake looked nice, but when it was delivered it looked like the flan selection. oops. That tall white thing we saw was a vanilla cake, not the cheesecake. The actual cheesecake was shrunken and covered with a light brown sauce. I tolerated only one bite, it was dry, it was old and it was sour tasting, and we just left it on the table. Yuck. Despite the 2 stars this visit we will likely return. I think there are better things on the menu and more things to try.  I won't bother with desserts of fancy drinks next time.
4	Just got some to go action from the CherryBlossom peeps and I'm dripping in soy sauce as I type. YUM! Quick, attentive and friendly service! I can't wait to dive into my wasabi, my spicy tuna roll and my crunch roll. If you read this and I still have some left...ha ha...I might share with you. But, props to the staff for the sake while I was waiting...Strip malls in Phoenix shall not be ignored people!
3	This time the family went, because everyone wanted something different and  I said I'd be back to check out the menu. I felt that we'd get to try alot of other things this way. My daughter had Penne and spicy marinara, I had the Nagasaki Sara Udon and my partner had a Curry dish. We shared a dessert despite saying we wouldn't try one again. I got a pineapple cooler despite saying I wasn't going to try the drinks again. Listening to myself next time on both desserts and drinks. Promise.Food: The Penne Marinara was not spicy, but it was good said the daughter. It was $7 and the serving was plenty. She was ok with it. She lamented that we didn't pick Pizza a Metro again. I think I may have spoiled my ability to grab just any old pasta to suit her after eating there.My Nagasaki Udon had some good flavors, but there was a bit of burnt in it, sort of what happens some times at Panda Express with their noodles, but it was nice to have calamari and the shrimps. I added my sushi soy/wasabi sauce to it and the red pickled things from my partners curry dish and that livened it up. The sauce consistency was a bit ew at the end, so I didn't finish. The food was better than my previous visit. My partner did not enjoy the Curry, said it had no heat to it at all, was bland. Nice service, though. We grabbed two sushi rolls for appetizer, one crunchy roll and a spicy yellow-tail. Both were fine, but again "Spicy" wasn't there. I think this place hedges itself on spice and for those that seek it, may feel disappointed.  Seating was difficult because they had a large party and I had to sit in a walkway in a door-frame on the edge and it was awkward.I upped my rating to a third star because our bread basket was tasty and because we were able to feed three diverse needs in one place, with better service this time.
5	*Sigh* Sushi makes me happy! Did you know?! It TOTALLY does! Me and the queens made plans to have dinner somewhere - you know... like normal civilized people. All we knew was that I wanted sushi and that we wanted something awesome! After looking around on Yelp I chose to take the queens to CBNC... "So where is this place?""ummm... between 7th street &amp; 10th street off of Camel""Okaaay? The left or right side of the road?""I unno""What do you MEAN you don't know? Haven't you been here before?!""Ummm... no.""oh HELL to the no!"*the car then becomes filled with laughter*We passed right by it and then flipped a bitch out of no where and it made us fear for our lives! and then screams filled the car. Soon we were parked infront of a soon to be Domino's Pizza and headed to the cafe of my lil yelp dreams... Only to be met with a 20 minute wait. We were then outside and I was left to fight off the queens who seriously considered going to Tokyo express instead! And then FINALLY our names were called and we were seated.Our waitress was very nice. I want to say that it's the little touches that make CBNC great. The fresh  thick lemon wedge and fresh sprig of mint in the water pitchers. The way the servers are so friendly. She even complimented on my Japanese pronunciation! :) I didn't want to tell her the origin of my great accent...  watching Kill Bill a thousand times. She helped us order sushi. I wanted nigiri and they didn't have it. I was disappointed but still went with her suggested crispy rolls and alaskan rolls. They were AMAZING! I loved the crunch and the flavor. With the soy sauce was scrumptious. We wanted to cancel our orders and just get more sushi! The alaskan was great as well. I loved it. Even the queen who never had sushi before liked it. After devouring the sushi our food came. I ordered the beef soba noodle soup with tempura. It came with chicken instead. (boo!) but the tempura was perfect! (yay!) and I never had soba noodles, I usually get udon or chinese noodles. but I really liked the flavor and the fresh spniach that was wilting more and more as time went on. The slight flavor of the sliced green onions really made the dish something special. I loved it. I am just so sad that I couldn't finish it all! :(One queen devoured the beef yakisoba noodles at once! I was able to sneak my chopsticks inbetween his bites and I got a taste. it was CRAZY yummy! each of the veggies had a great difinitive flavor and yet melded together amazingly. I loved it. The other queen was pleasantly surprised at the taste of his Spicy beef rice plate. He couldn't finish his eaither but it was really. A lil too spicy for my tastes, but it was still awesome. We then ordered a bottle of wine and a sip here and a sip there and we were all in heaven! Talking to our waitress about the Navajo sushi chef behind the sushi bar who she was trying to hook up with one of us... but we couldn't tell WHO she was trying to hook him up with! One of the queens or me?! Said chef never made it to our table - and it's just as well... we were in food heaven savoring our delights and wishing we had bigger stomachs to take it all in! I'm a big fan of this place now and am VOWING to take several people with me next time! :)
5	This place was outrageously delicious, great service and good atmosphere.  It's the kind of place I would want to be a regular at but still have not found in San Francisco.  The food and presentation was nothing short of upscale at sweet prices.  The waiter was professional, he was at our table when we wanted something and not hanging around when we didn't.  It was candle-lit and romantic but had a relaxed atmosphere.  In fact, this is my favorite restaurant I have ever been to in my life.
4	When you are in the mood for a piping hot bowl of something savory and brothy, this is the place to go. Their soba and udon bowls are very nourishing and the soup isn't too salty. It's a great casual eats place and the menu has an "Italian" side if you have friends who are in a non-Asian food mood. Also, they bring a bread basket that has anything from warm rolls to banana bread. The price is reasonable for the amount of food. You know it must be good if you see three generations of a Japanese family at one table.
4	Noodles - Asian - Italian.  Fusion is not something I'm generally clamoring for, but this place really does it right.  I'm going to focus specifically on the seaweed salad, which is called something else, but the staff has always been so awesome that I've never had to learn the real name.  The seaweed salad is delicious.  I want to drink the dressing.  After having not been there for a bit, I sidled up the bar for a solo seaweed salad session, and the chef said, "add avocado, yes?  I remember."  Whoa.  I was floored.  That's exactly what I wanted, and seriously, I think it may have been a year since I've been in.  And I'm not super talky, I'm not like a huge banter kinda chick.  So the fact that his memory performed so perfunctorily at such a perfect time, lord have mercy, I'm a fan.Eat the seaweed salad.  The sushi is good.  The deserts are good.  The prices are appropriate.  If you see someone looking both ways, then slurping the dressing out of their salad bowl, you have busted me.  But I try to be covert.  Mwa-hahahaha.
3	3.5 stars... Cherryblossom Noodle Cafe is a really good concept.  (It's a shame that Phoenix is lacking on options when it comes to Noodle Houses; Chicago, New York, and DC have noodles galore but we're not there yet I guess.)  Anyways, Cherryblossom has a welcoming ambiance and decent service too. I've been a few times, so I figured it would be the perfect place to stop for a late dinner last night after Urban Affair.  (It was Friday night around 9:30, so no problem getting in and seated right away).We sat at the bar and got drinks immediately.  Since the BF had already eaten a bunch of appetizers at the event we were at, he said he'd just share whatever I ordered.  So, I chose the miso eggplant appetizer and the Yaki Udon Noodle entree with tofu.  The eggplant dish was really tasty but they served it straight from the stove and we both burned our mouths taking the first bite.  We had to let it sit another few minutes to cool down enough to eat it.  (Note - I'm not complaining; I'd rather have my food served too hot than not hot enough... )  We finished the eggplant dish up right as the noodle dish arrived.  The noodles themselves were cooked just right but the dish had a weird flavor to it.  It just didn't taste right, or maybe it was just nothing special.  Either way, I would skip the Yaki Udon and go for something else on the menu when you go.Although I wouldn't rave about the food on my most recent visit to Cherryblossom, it was quick and cheap for a latenight dinner.  We were in and out in less than an hour and it was $20 out the door with tip - can't complain about that!  I'll be back!
5	me WUVS this place!great food, great service..... their sake steamed clams r awesome if ur a fan of the clam!!!i heard their ramen is good too..... but haven't had the chance.been here about 3 times and can't wait 2 go back.  there is nothing i've had that i didn't like.  o yea..... and the shrimp lettuce appetizer..... mmmHmmmmMmmm............ pad thai.........uh huh.apparently japanese do italian very well and i'm interested in the chicken marsala.srsly..... ne place that serves soft shell crabs is A+ in my book.
3	This was our first time at CherryBlossom. Hubby has needed to eat more vegetarian lately, so I've been on the lookout for new places with more options. The food was mostly great. Hubby enjoyed his tofu yakisoba, I liked my chicken katsu (although a couple of pieces were not quite done), loved my salad, liked the bread basket, and we both really enjoyed the crispy California roll. Dessert was also pretty good- we liked my flan better than his green tea mousse (which was not very sweet except for the almond flavored cream on top). Service was attentive in the beginning and then our waiter disappeared. I witnessed two other tables in our section grow confused and then annoyed as we waited... and waited... and waited for the waiter to return. One couple was even in mid-payment and finally went to the take out counter to inquire what was happening. I asked the busser to let the waited know we wanted our check. This disappearing act really took the shine off of an otherwise nice dinner. We'll likely return, however, to give CherryBlossom another chance.
4	this time around i got 2 try the ramen.  i got the hakana.  prob woulda been better for a colder day.  the broth was too salty for me but the noodles were good.  still got the clams so i was satiated.
4	I've been wanting to try Cherry Blossom's ramen for a while.  Since I can't get my Wagamama fix here in AZ, Cherry Blossom will have to do.  Their ramen hit the spot and would be great on a cold day at home sick, if it were anywhere near my house.  I agree with the other reviews, they should really expand their ramen menu.  There are no other ramen options in the valley (that I know of anyway) and they should capitalize on that!  I also tried a bite of my friend's salmon salad and that was delicious. It's a cute little place, tucked away in a strip mall- If not for yelp, I never would have found it.  This will definitely go on the rotation.  Don't let looks deceive you, this place is a great find.
4	Wow, really this place is as legit as Hammer in the 90's.  This is a place where I take my parents when they say take us to a nice place.  This is also a place where  I would take a date and dump her if she did not like the food.  I did not venture into the Italian side of the menu but will definitely be coming back as much as possible.  My PlateI normally don't write about what I ate but this place is an exception.  I had the tempera plate and it blew my mind away.  Large shrimp fish good veggies and Crab, What this place out did themselves.  The rice is right on and I'm a picky rich eater. And I won't leave out the blue berry banana bread, another nice touch.So why not Five Stars,Well the service was not crazy five star worthy but was not terrible.  Ok I"m sure the more I eat here the more likely it will earn the fifth star, because I have craved the place every night since I first tried it.
4	We ate at this place last night.  We went here solely based upon the reviews on yelp (We seem to do that a lot; thanks to you semi-anonymous first name and last initial reviewers!!)  I had a little trouble deciding what to order.  Based on the suggestion of the server, I ordered the tempura vegetable soup with udon.  It was really good.  It didn't have a ton of flavor but the server warned me of that when I ordered.  She stated that this was a simple dish.  Everybody in our party seemed to like their food although nobody danced on the table and raved about it.  Although, come to think of it, if given the chance I am pretty sure my daughter would dance on the table and rave about just about anything.  She's got a lot of energy!  It was a pleasant dining experience.  I don't think that I would go out of my way for this place but when in the area, I may stop back in.
3	Due to a craving for Gelato Spot tonight, I got on Yelp to find a new retaraunt in the Biltmore area to try before indulging in pumpkin pie gelato. The reviews (and a coupon) led us to CherryBlossom. Our expectations weren't very high when we saw the strip mall setting, but a decent crowd inside was a good sign.We were immediately impressed by the ambiance, attentive staff, and free bread. We ordered the edimame which was quite good. Our entrees were the Marsala Chicken with spinach pasta and the Pad Thai. Both were good, but not great. Once our food arrived, the staff seemed to dissappear. From reading the other reviews, it seems this is common here. After an eternity of hoping someone would come bring more water, we at least received the check and decided just to take off and get water at our next stop. Summary - Good food that I'd eat again, but won't go out of my way to do so..
4	Quaint little noodle cafe that can become crowded as there is a steady flow of patrons going in. Sit at a table or the counter, which overlooks the grilling area. The menu is somewhat distinct in that it provides Asian selections as well as Italian pastas. I started with some very tasty spring rolls and went in the Italian direction for my entree. I ordered the spaghetti with olive oil and grilled chicken. Except for the bland, unseasoned chicken the dish was quite flavorful with a bit of kick provided by crushed red pepper.The server accidently knocked my glass of water over in my direction but he cleaned it up quickly and was very embarrassed about his mistake. Overall the service was great and I expect I will return soon to try the Tempura, which comes highly recommended. I dig the wooden floors too.
2	slow service. The banana blueberry bead was so so. Rolls were so so.  Sushi wasn't bad, not awesome. Service was total poops.
4	CherryBlossom is a must-try if you are in this area of Phoenix. I have been three times, and this last time was on a Sunday night around 5:30pm. Evidently, the service issues here are related to the owner's inability to hang on to good talent. That's not surprising. Most small independent restaurants have this problem. Expect it, and be ok with it so that you can enjoy a delicious meal with no stress. My boyfriend always orders the same thing. He prefers to have his soup scalding hot and full of seafood. He is never, ever disappointed in the dish called Champon. It's huge, super hot, chock full of seafood and perfect noodles. He loves it. I think it's tasty, but I'm not so hooked on soup. I order something different every time and we share our dishes. The bread basket is always good here. I love their banana bread. It was the perfect forerunner to the chicken salad I ordered on Sunday. I had a beautiful plate brimming full of fresh, delicious spring greens and topped with two grilled chicken breasts that were sliced up and artistically placed upon the heap of greens, then topped with a super tasty light but creamy sesame dressing. I also ordered the sushi combo plate which came with a small salad (for the bf) and a cup of terrific miso soup for $11.00 (it's an appetizer and it totally satisfies)! Mind you, the service lacked. I think there were two servers for the whole restaurant, so ask for a big glass of water when you arrive, or order two drinks in advance. Know the restaurant's limitations and you'll be glad you went, anyway! The ambiance is lovely; the open kitchen makes it so homey and yet romantic with the brick work and artistic lighting. PS. The chicken Parmesan is just ok. Steer clear of the traditional Italian dishes - save that for Maggiano's or Carraba's. I've always been too full to order a dessert here, but they look delightful.
4	Went to check out the ramen.  Took japanese gf who misses the real thing.  the tonkatsu ramen was real good, i had the one with extra pork charsiu.  broth was awesome and pork was not overdone or dry.  her ramen was little cold, but still decent.  try with the spicy seasoning...if you have only had instant cup of noodle try this place to see how its done
4	I heard it was Chinese food and felt a little hesitant to check it out, being I'm not a huge fan of Chinese. But it's not just some Chinese food...Try TAICHIJAPALIAN!!!! We were greeted by a very nice server. She was older with a short bob and way cool! We were a little loud and hyper and she totally embraced us! She started us off with some rolls and banana nut bread. Totally makes you feel like you're in a country cabin kind of restaurant. THEN, you check out the menu to see summer rolls, tuna tataki, sushi, crab wontons, and italian dishes!! You may think....eh not sure if you can pull this off Cherry. But you order whatever on the menu, and it's great! We tried A LOT of dishes and all were very good!The green tea with milk is very yummy! Kinda like Thai tea but green tea. I don't remember what it's called but they had this fried chicken that you dipped in some soy/ mustard sauce and was fantastic!!I'm super picky about sushi being I'm from New Orleans and am spoiled to fresh fish. ALSO! I haven't found the Crunchy roll anywhere outside of New Orleans and found it here. SO EXCITED! Definitely try the crunchy roll! Between this restaurant and Hana's sushi, I'm completely satisfied!
4	Well, we now eat here about once a week. Our favorite food items are the crunchy roll, the tofu pad thai, the udon noodle soup, the tempura plate, and the surprisingly good tofu steak with mushroom sauce. And they have Mountain Dew- not all that common in a sit-down restaurant, but much appreciated. Love the banana blueberry bread. Why not 5 stars? One word: service. It's fine on some days, and painfully slow on others. the food, except for the soup, never seems to make it out of the kitchen as fast - and therefore be as hot - as it should.
4	This place reminds me of the local mom & pop restaurants in Honolulu, Hawaii. Whenever I don't know what to eat, whenever I'm happy as can be or feeling down, whenever I want a home cooked meal, whenever I'm with a good friend or on a date and want to have deep conversation be, and whenever I'm want really delicious food: CherryBlossom is always there for me. The wait staff is always pleasant. There are fresh flowers to greet you. Banana bread and rolls to tide you over till your food is served.  It's never too crowded or too slow. The cooks always make a delicious meal. I'm partial to the Tori Nanban, Yakisoba, Duck Salad, and Chicken Katsu, but all the food is great. It's a noodle shop, so they know how to cook pastas, udon, soba! If Hawaii is melting pot of cultures, then CherryBlossom is the melting pot of delicious foods - Japanese, Thai, Italian. Sushi, salads, pastas, soups and drinks! Perfect place because there's something for everyone.
4	One word - calpico.i tend to judge restaurants based on their drinks, and this one totally won me over. at first, i was a little hesitant to try a beer mixed with yogurt, but my waiter assured me that it was all the rage in japan, and being the trend and culture whore that i am, i decided to give it a shot. very sweet, with a slight beer aftertaste and tang. definitely worth getting if you like beer, or even if you don't it's delicious.as for the food, it was pretty good. i got the nagasaki sara udon special with seafood..my friends decided to devour all of the little creepy looking octopuses on my plate before i could even try one, which was ok with me, because honestly, they were scary looking.a duck salad started us off with tender duck and a sweet honey-mustard like sauce. we also got 2 plates of sushi (caterpillar and spicy tuna) and both were delicious and well priced. miso soup was a little on the onion-y side. the bread basket was delicious and a good start to our meal. our service was good, i had no qualms. def would go back, if anything for the calpico.
2	I'm thinking that the normal staff was off yesterday. I went to Cherry Blossom with very high hopes thanks all the positive yelp reports and was very disappointed. This onetime experience won't stop me from coming back to give the Cafe another chance...as I think I might have been transported to a parallel universe for this meal. First off... cute little place, there is no doubt that this is not a chain. The interior of the restaurant is simple and looks more like your dining at an authentic Asian bistro in Vancouver rather then in a central Phoenix strip mall. Our server was a little slow getting to us, again, this is not a chain, so that was overlooked. I ordered a Summer Roll (per menu - Shrimp, lettuce, avocado, cucumber and rice noodles) and a Shrimp tempera roll. When the orders arrived the summer roll looked great, but was stuffed with a "bonus" of that weird crab lookalike stuff made from fish heads and fins.. YUK! Not a problem, I'll just scoop it out onto the appetizer plate... so when I counted, the Summer roll with shrimp, did have shrimp.. 2 of them, and I kid you not, 1/2 cup of that crab stuff. When my "shrimp" tempura roll arrived, guess what?? its a fake crab tempura roll with one shrimp... lol... The rice...VERY sticky... By the time the meal was over, my app plate was mounded with about a cup of this crab scented stuff... such a waste... My friend's pasta ( Marsala Chicken) was great... the chicken was all breast meat, with a really good Marsala sauce...it was impressive! ... So overall... weird experience... will it keep me away??... no, well not unless it happens again...The strangest thing about this whole ordeal is the fact  the main ingredient of my appetizer and sushi roll was not even on the menu.
3	I wish I could do three and a half stars for this one.  We called for takeout.  I got the vegetarian soba noodles with tofu, and my husband had some shrimp and beef thing.  When he got home and I opened the boxes, mine had chicken in it...I am vegetarian (okay, pescatarian, but anyway...:)).  Luckily, we weren't in a hurry or anything, so we both just hopped in the car and went back.  Now, the food was really good once we finally got to eat it, but I have a confession...I topped mine quite liberally with some Sriracha sauce before tasting it.  I don't know what the noodles actually taste like right out of the box.  They could be amazing, or they could be quite bland.  Whoops.  With Sriracha, they were pretty much mind-blowing.We'll definitely try them again - I'd really like to try the tofu steak with mushroom sauce that Kerstin mentioned.  And next time, we'll be sure to check the order on the way out.
2	Craving a noodle soup--thought I'd check this place after seeing the reviews.  Upon entering I didn't like the air quality, smelled like dirty deep frying oil.  Upon perusing the menu and looking around at other diners food, I realized it was mostly composed of tempura, duh, deep fried.  Yikes, I am not a fan of deep frying but that explained the smell.   I opted for the shrimp udon soup.  It wasn't anything near the wonderful soup I had experienced elsewhere, especially this great Japanese restaurant in Chiang Mai that had this amazing moat around the sushi chefs were they would float the sushi on little boats that you could pick and choose.  Very disappointing, broth, noodles, spinach, green onion and 2 shrimp, $8.  I did get an added bonus of deep fat smell covering my clothing.
3	Okay, so I did venture back to try something else - a Japanese noodle soup with added steamed veggies. Again, it was merely "meh." The service was just okay, too. Our server was a bit scattered that night, a Sunday; i wasn't quite sure why, since the place didn't seem to be overly packed. I will say their green tea is incredible, though it comes out EXTREMELY hot. Order it first, for you'll need 30 minutes for one cup to cool. Oh, and the banana nut bread they serve rocks. That may be the one redeeming quality of CherryBlossom. Having tried it twice, I can safely say I have no reason to ever go back. If you're craving hot broth and soup heaven, head to Pho Nhat in Tempe.http://www.yelp.com/biz/pho-nhat-tempe
4	Here's the deal.  If i didn't love the food so much,  I would never go back.  The food is great.  The service is SO bad it's comical.  I always go in knowing I'm going to get the worst service and then I'm ok.  The wait staff is just not really attentive or GREAT at their job, but the baked goods and the food are really great.  Be patient and then you'll be fine.
3	3 stars - Yelp says - A OKThat means, sure, I'd go back and I should state here and now that the 3 stars might not be all their fault but my fault too.Plan to see mid-week movie with my daughter who teaches at junior high school and after school volleyball and we have plans for 7:45 movie which means time is compressed. Daughter has limited sense of adventure for foods so I figure this place always offers her bail-out choice of Italian. Enough background...Problem is, I had lunch too late and I arrived less than hungry. I'm equivocal what to order. I ask waiter for advice (mistake). I order cream soda and he comes back and asks me what flavor and listing too many choices. I order cherry and it seems to be a club soda with grenadiene (sp?) - mistake.Orders arrive - daughter shocks me by ordering Pad Thai which was quite good. I get winter special of Ishikari - Salmon, cabbage, tofu and rice noodles rather cleverly cooked in a miso based soup in industrial type mini-bucket with oak sealing lid and apparently brought to table from oven. The salmon infusion into the miso was an incredibly delightful broth. The salmon appeared to be generous, good quality but a bit undercooked and I didn't have the time window to do anything about it. The rest...the tofu / cabbage / etc. seemed to derive no benefit from the delightful miso broth.So in the end...I probably could have given them 4 stars because there is nothing inherently wrong with CherryBlossom Noodle Cafe. The waiter wasn't all that helpful but he was available at the most important times and we managed to get orders, served and check paid in time for movie which by other reviews worried me because of our narrow time window and the fact that this place is indeed busy.I would definitely return a much wiser person and next time, I go with my gut instinct and order the Champon as I had intended to the first time.
5	I love CherryBlossom as much for their eclectic nature as for their delicious food. Pan-Asian influences in their main menu, sushi that is not mind-blowing, but still fresh and tasty...and homebaked goods! The service is friendly and quick, the digs are comfortable, and the prices can't be beat.
3	The emphasis at CBNC is on the food.  Companion and I both had the lunch special, a California roll and Udan or Soba noodle soup.  There are a half dozen selection of soups and you're sure to find something tasty.  I'll come back for noodle soup, it's flavorful and BIG.  The lunch special also comes with a mixed green salad, about the size of a normal salad course, and a tasty ginger dressing.  I finished my salad before the sushi and noodle soup arrived and simply could not finish my meal.  A quick word about the sushi here, have reasonable expectations.  It's not their forte and it's far below the quality of the rest of the meal.I'd give CBNC three and half stars but I think dining is about more than just the food.  The decor here is a mish-mash of western, asian, coffee house garb.  It really doesn't work and kept me a bit uncomfortable, in large part due to the abundance of nick-nacks on the table (little lamp [non-working], metal cactus sculpture and the assorted condiments).  It's a good thing the service is friendly and helpful because the menu is extensive.  Our waitress steered us toward Udan noodles (Soba noodles are a bit more substantial and made of wheat?) and we were happy about our choices.If CBNC would tighten its menu and choose one decor I'd probably be raving about it.  For now, it's just OK but I'll be back for another noodle lunch.
4	One of my all time favs!!! Its always good, but the service always lacks desire. This is one place that requires a good 2 hour serving for dinner, so be prepared. For lunch you can be out in an hour, but you will have to keep on top of the server for your check and then begg them to take payment! They slack big time in this sense, not sure why. But the food is always fresh and very delicious, not to mention very affordable. I love the sushi, although not a big variety, they always have fresh stuff and very tasty. I have a few favorite rolls and love the penne al arrabiatta. I used to make homemade arrabiatta all the time, but haven't in years because theirs tastes soooooo yummmy! This place is great for dates, long converstaions and those who need to stretch their time together. Everything is wonderful and you will be pleasantly surprised with the beautiful decor in a strip mall..... you'll feel like you have entered another land, once you walk thru thems doors, because its so cute and quaint, not what you'd expect. Go try this place you'll love it!!!
3	Not bad. The minute I stepped in this place I thought that I had accidentally looked up a previous address for CherryBlossom. I get that it's a fusion restaurant but it's a bit of a surreal experience to feel like you're eating sushi in a Mimi's Diner. Poking fun at the decor aside, CherryBlossom without a doubt knows it's Japanese cuisine. I forgot what types of sushi rolls I ordered but they certainly hit the spot as did the bowl of udon. It's not glamorous, and it's definitely not the best Japanese food, but if you're looking to dish out on the leaner side for lunch this is the place to swing by.
4	I just moved back to Arizona from Yokohama, Japan.  While I was there, my wife and I enjoyed Tonkotsu Ramen at a place called Ippudo.  Upon returning to the States, i thought I would never find Tonkotsu Ramen here.  Luckily, we found Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe.  My wife and I could order in Japanse (her native tounge) again and the menu offered something other than sushi!  We had Takoyaki (which was expensive, but good) and Tonkotsu Ramen.  The ramen wasn't perfect, but hey....it's Phoenix!  We will certainly be back.
3	This is the old Cherry Blossom Bakery where i go to whenever i crave for Japanese pastries. a friend of mine has been raving about this place for quite sometime now. here's my verdict: Service: 5 Stars I think it takes skills for a waiter/waitress not to write down what we order, especially for a party of 5 or more. Drinks was top off all times. Food : Complimentary rolls: 4 Stars Dinner Rolls was average but WOW! the banana bread is off the hook. i ended up buying a loaf to go. Sushi: 3 Stars another average item. nothing special or different. Shrimp Tempura: 4 Stars. hmmm, it came bundle with what i thought was zucchini to my surprise it was Japanese eggplant. Yummy!! the shrimp was a little over cook but the panko batter made up for it. Yakisoba Chicken: 1 Star i was not impress with this meal alt all. it taste more like a middle eastern shis-kabob with noddles. Thai Beef Salad: 1 Star not happy at all. the spiciness was too overpowering to the point to where the other flavors just disseminated. imagine that on top of a garden salad. "uh, can i get a to go box please?" All in all it was not bad maybe next I'll try a different entree. this is the reason why I'm skeptical about going to so called "Fusion" places. but hey I'm always open for something different. isn't that what makes life worth living?  :)
3	My rating is an average of the major pros and cons from the visit, and also factoring out the biases. Lots of good, bad, and unusual circumstances.The pros: Food was delicious! I ordered the chicken katsu curry with miso and salad. The chicken portions were very large, crisp, and moist. The curry sauce had some mustard in it which gave a kick of flavor, and the miso soup and salad were good compliments to the meal. Also the menu was almost too much to read over - Italian, Chinese, Japanese, and Korean were all offered as available dishes. Very impressive. (+4.5 star)The cons: Getting the food took a long time to order. We had to ask the waiter several times how long it would take our food to get there, and one person in our group didn't have to pay for his meal because they look so long bringing out his yakitori. We'd all finished by the time he was served. Also it took a ridiculous time to get our change for food, almost waited half an hour for another friend to get his $11 change. (-3 star)Factoring out the bias: Our original group was approximately 25+ people, so much so that our smaller group had to be seated in a different room. I'm not sure how many cooks were working, but I'm sure serving 30+ hungry people put a hell of a strain on the serving and cooking staff. (+1 star)In terms of settling the bill, there was a line of bills that were bring processed at only one cash register, so even getting money out took a long time. Also, many out-of-state credit cards from California were being rejected for simple charges, so ringing these up took a while only to have them not be processed. It wasn't the restaurant's fault - its an added security that many major credit card institutions provide so to protect from fraud. They require the card holder to contact the credit card company to confirm their identity; being a a restaurant wanting to leave after almost three hours wasn't the best place for this to happen. (+1 star)So as long as you don't invade the restaurant with a starving army, I'm sure if you visit this place under normal conditions, the food and service will be fine. (Total score = 3.5 stars)
4	I was quite surprised... wasn't expecting much. Instead of the mediocrity i expected i had a wonderful meal. The soba was great! I had a wonderful seared tuna, and the Tempura my friend ordered was perfect. I took home a couple of baked buns for lunch the next day which were among the best i have ever had.. very soft and fresh. You have to get there early to get those... they usually sell out before the afternoon is over. It was a really nice surprise. I will look forward to going there again.
4	I had some friends visiting this weekend and we were all in the mood for something different. This is the perfect place to settle that infamous dilemma!This is the first asian/ITALIAN fusion restaurant I have even seen (and I'm from LA). They have a wide variety of italian pasta dishes that were very reasonably priced. Their asian dishes ranged from yakisoba to sushi to chicken katsu to who knows what else. We were all very impressed with the portions, price, presentation and service of the restaurant. We went on a saturday night after the CELTICS BEAT THE BULLS, and it was pretty full. Some of the other reviewers said that it takes a long time, but I think that's only true for very large parties. YOU WILL FALL IN LOVE WITH THE BREAD THEY SERVE. The dinner rolls are good, but the banana bread was incredible. Not too sweet. Pretty much perfect. For 5 people, the bill came out to be around $80, tax and tip. Pretty decent. Definitely coming back soon.
5	Italian and Japanese are my TWO FAVORITE cuisines. I am VERY indecisive when it comes to finding a place to eat- even if I am craving a certain item.THIS PLACE GIVES ME THE BEST OF BOTH WORLDS, thank you LORD!Friendly and attentive staff. Cute atmosphere; almost like entering another world. Great menu / drink selection. *However- they did not carry  Kirin for you Japanese Beer Lovers. We were seated right away- even during what I thought would be busy dinner time hours. I love restaurants that give you bread and butter. The banana nut bread was absolutely perfect. The Italian and the Japanese noodle selection was just enough for my indecisive mind.Oh, AND the ladies restroom was clean! Please, bring this place to CALIFORNIA!
5	Something inside each person is the desire to try something new. What makes a restaurant memorable? I for one enjoy the choices provided by unique establishments that bring delights from multiple cultures into a friendly place where you can take your friends, family, date, or wander in alone just to experience new possibilities. When you combine the tastes of two countries, Italy and Japan, you get Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe. I have always had the friendliest service at each of my visits and delighted in bringing my family members or friends to visit and watch them enjoy the mounting possibilities of combining decisions. What nobody expects is how filling the food can get. Sometimes I'll have some sushi and try a different noodle dish than last time, and other times I'll close my eyes and point at anything on the menu - and I have yet to be disappointed. The Noodle Cafe's atmosphere appears cramped, but there is a lot of detail that makes it special even when it is full. I will have to admit that sometimes I have felt forgotten by the staff sometimes, however it always seems so busy and their smiles are so big that it doesn't matter. The standard appetizer dish given to you when you first sit down consists of several kinds of bread that take my mind off the outside world and make me realize I'm here to enjoy something tasty. The hustle of the staff and the laughs of the other patrons make me less aware that I am actually in a small strip mall in the middle of a city that usually doesn't feel like I'm around other human beings. Honestly, I make up every excuse to visit and recommend this restaurant to everyone.
4	They're food is really good.  And the staff is so fun and polite.  They have an awesome happy hour that is from 3-6 on weekdays where you get sushi and beer and some appetizer's for half off which is hard to beat.  The sauce for the udon noodles is really good too....and if you like spicy, the spicy korean noodles are really good as well.  All in all, its a great place.
5	My favorite restaurant in Phoenix - cozy atmosphere, friendly staff, excellent sushi.  The Thai Beef Salad is amazing!  They have affordable lunch specials with generous portions. A refreshing change from all of the chains in the valley.
4	This place is really cool.  The parking is plentiful and the interior is very contemporary/kawaii.  We totally expected a place similar to Spoon House in Torrence, CA but it is more Italian than Japanese atmosphere wise.  The banana bread was not as good as everyone raved to be but it was good.  We first tried the tataki and a salmon roll.  Tataki was beautifully presented on the plate and both tasted pretty good.  Hiyashi Chuka was ok...not my fav and the portion was pretty small.  Champon was full of seafood and thick noodles which was a total plus :)  The dessert...oh my, that was the best part of dinner...well, at least to me.  My bf's fav was the tiramisu.  I tried the flan and it was GREAT.  It's kinda hard to explain but it was like a mix of custard and cheesecake with a sauce that has a hint of bitterness to go with the sweet fran.  I was lucky enough to get the last piece of the night...you must try it if they have it available.Oh and our waitress was really really nice.  She likes yelp too so we discussed how great this website is haha**Atmosphere = cute, lovely*Food = good.  if you like both Italian and Japanese, this place has it all.*Service = very nice.  *Price = great*  a blended drink + one appetizer + one roll + 2 entree + 2 desserts = check turned out to be around $60!
5	I think enough has been said about Cherry Blossom so I'm going use this review to pledge my love for Zaru Soba.When I was 18 I spent nearly a month in Japan in the Sister City exchange program. It was during the summer and my host mother would always make cold noodles with dipping sauce, a very popular dish during the humid summer months. I nearly fell out of my chair when I first tried the Zaru Soba at Cherry Blossom, I was instantly transported back to my incredible time in Japan. Cold buckwheat noodles, a light soy-based dipping sauce and a little fried panko fish on the side, the perfect dish for when it's hot as sin outside. A little banana bread to start doesn't hurt either!Say what you will about the service, I often only go at lunchtime when there aren't that many people but I have found the service to be unintrusive and very polite. Now if only I could find a place in Phoenix that serves Japanese pancakes....
2	Well let me just say I did not go here on my own. Dear sister raved and raved about it until I agreed to go with her. I will break it down like this, I thought there was to much on the menu yet nothing caught my eye maybe I just wasn't in the mood to have so many choices. 1. Our server was an ass! There was no one in the place yet he waited on us like they were full to capacity and he was the only server. He couldn't have been less concerned about serving us. 2. The tempura we ordered was very blah, nothing to write home about. 3. My sister went on and on about how good her dish was. Mine was way to spicy I asked for mild. So the manager offered to change it to something else. I ordered pad Thai no tofu again mild. How can you go wrong with Pad Thai. You can it was a glutenous mess. The noodles were so over cooked it was disgusting. 4. The decor was cute. That's the only good thing I can say. I have not been back. My sister has but my experience left a bad taste in my mouth literally. You get 2 stars one for decor and one because my sister likes it.
5	As far as fast Japanese food at lunch this is as good as it gets.  They have a different Bento Box lunch special everyday.  The box comes with plenty to eat, including Miso Soup which arrives shortly after ordering.  The meal includes sushi, salad, rice, chicken (teriyaki or such), gyoza, some type of fried fish and an orange.  For about $8-$10 it's hard to find a better deal.  I would highly recommend CherryBlossom for those looking for a Japanese meal.  It is small, quiet and a little hard to see from the street, which makes it a unique place with low traffic, but high quality.
4	Wish I can go back here...Their menu as other yelpers have suggested is extensive. I was a bit weary about having non-Japanese food so stuck to good 'ol chicken katsu. For 10 bucks, you get miso soup, all white meat chicken perfectly fried (light and not greasy), and a side salad. Oh yeah, the bread basket with slices of banana bread, dinner roll, and cinnamon sugared crostinis were soooo delish! I was actually full by the time my meal arrived but didn't want to be rude and begrudgingly ate my meal (in perfect bliss). I went at 11:30 and was out by 12:30 without feeling rushed or not attended to. My waitress told me to take the bill to the cashier if I was in a hurry.I was very happy with my meal and service and would love to go back for some Italian grub...will have to convince boss to send me to Phoenix again :)
4	The only thing that prevents me from giving this place five stars is the inconsistency and slowness of the service. The place has a casual, relaxed atmosphere and the staff is friendly, but it often seems to take forever for the food to arrive, even when the restaurant isn't busy or crowded. I have nothing to complain about regarding the food itself - for me it has consistently been good, the servings ample, and the prices reasonable. And I do like the idea that they serve both Asian and Italian dishes, so that Cherry Blossom is a logical destination for me and my friends when we want to dine out but can't seem to decide on one cuisine to have for the evening. If only the service were a bit faster ...
5	OH MY GOD! This place was fantastic, I was visiting a friend of mine in AZ.  And this noodle cafe was a breath of fresh air among the fast food joints and the cheesy greasy fattening chain restaurants.....We go in, and the staff was really nice, the service was actually realy good, and the noodles..........omg the Noodles were delicious I had the Yakisoba noodles, and they were fantastic.  They had lots of different noodles, so check it out, they were pretty good sounding.  It's a nice place to talk with a friend, and they have good food. Check it.
5	CherryBlossom Noodle Cafe is probably one of my most favorite places to dine at while in the Phoenix area.The atmosphere is brilliant, the staff is always friendly, and the food is amazing!The takoyaki, yakisoba, zaru soba, the sushi, and champon are all very delicious.  I've been to this place a million times and it;s never been a disappointed.If you ever find yourself at this cozy cafe, make sure you try one of their special drinks!
5	I usually like to try new places but I crave the Champon soup at this place. Yes, I've tried the other dishes but I always order the same thing. it's fantastic on a cold night or any night for that matter.  It is too big to finish and is packed with seafood, noodles, and a savory broth. Try it if you like seafood. The calamari (fried) and the steamed clams are also delicious.
1	The food is average to slightly above average. That isn't what is wrong with Cherry Blossom.The problem with Cherry Blossom is the service which seems to be getting worse. I have taken my family there at least a dozen times and it appears as if the service which was so-so to begin with has deteriorated to just plain incompetent. Today was the final straw. My wife and I arrived there at 11:35 am for an early lunch and while the place was not empty, it was not packed either. We were seated immediately in the back room which was empty when we arrived. The server promptly took our drink order and brought it to us. She said she'd give us a few minutes to look over the menu. A few minutes went by, then another few minutes, then another and by 11:57, our order had still not been taken. At that point, my wife flagged down the host who took our order. I should point out that both my wife and I had ordered two simple lunch items from the menu without any substitutions or special requests. Two minutes later (around 11:59) our server appeared and asked if we had decided what we wanted. After informing her that we just gave our order to the host, she vanished. Both our orders were supposed to come with soup and salad and still by 12:14, neither had arrived. At that point, more people had arrived and the several tables in the back room where we were had become occupied. We also noticed that these customers, who arrived well after we had, had been served their salads, soups and even their meals while we sat there waiting. At that point I went to speak with the host about where our missing salads and soups were and she smiled politely but did not respond. My wife and I decided we were not going to pay for such incompetent service and just walked out. The last time I was there, the service was slow and they did not bring one of the salads for one of the meals we ordered. Other times we have gone there and waited 10 minutes to even be asked for our drink order when the place was not even half full. It just seems to get worse and worse at Cherry Blossom.So in conclusion. If you enjoy sitting and waiting while watching other customers who walked in 10 or 15 minutes or more after you did get their orders taken and served their food, this is the place for you. It is my belief that management is to blame for Cherry Blossom's poor service. Fortunately, I can take my money and spend it elsewhere and that's just what we did after we left. Cherry Blossom will not be getting any more visits from us.
5	i love this place. the noodles are so delicious! we went for the Cha-su ramen. it was very delicous. i was disappointed the next time we went however. we went a few weeks later. we got there at about 930 pm. it wasnt that late but sadly they ran out of ramen noodles when we tried to order them. i was very disappointed because we drove out from gilbert. so instead of the ramen that night i got the champon noodles. they put a lot of yummy seafood in it. the portions were huge. so i was very happy with this noodle dish. i love this place. the service is very slow however and sometimes the waiters never even come to the table after sitting there waiting for the check.
3	Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe is an interesting place.  It's located in a dodgy strip mall east of Rosie McCaffrey's Irish Pub.  A weird location, but once you walk through the door of Cherry Blossom you are transported to a little rustic restaurant setting.  It was a nice surprise.The place was busy.  We had to wait for a little bit because we didn't have a reservation.  Our table finally opened up and the three of us took our seats.  I was pleasantly surprised with the prices on the menu.  The place wasn't going to break us.  Another thing I noticed was that the menu items were all over the place.  Sushi, Japanese Food, Asian Noodles, Italian Pasta and so on.Our waitress was an interesting soul.  I will leave it at that.  She showed up to take our order and deliver our food and that was pretty much it.  Our water glasses were empty for most of our dinner.  I ended up pouring our bottle of wine because my date refused to pour it.  He gave up on our waitress.We had Spring Rolls with a peanut sauce and a Spicy Tuna Roll to start the dinner.  I enjoyed the spring rolls.  The spicy tuna roll was a little bit fishy.  I was scared.  My main dish was the Korean Spicy Beef.  It was one of their signature dishes.  I don't know why.  It was just okay.  The sauce was very rich.  Almost overwhelming.  I forced my self to keep eating.  I don't think I will order that again.Cherry Blossom creates a nice environment and the prices are right.  No wonder it is crowded.  When I return I will try something else.  After all the menu is huge.  Something has to be good on there.  Three stars.
4	I have been to CBN Cafe many times.  LOVE IT!Things that I have ordered that I can not get enough of:Tatsuta Chicken, Chicken Katsu, Beef Nanban Udon & Yakisoba.
5	My friend told me about this place a while back and raved about the ramen, and I thought, "wow, I guess this place must be worth trying!" Well, my husband and I went there for dinner last week and we were not disappointed!I loved the ambiance. I loved that the meal doesn't start out with any old bread basket, but one with a delicious roll, yummy cinnamon-sugar toast, and excellent banana bread! Definitely a shocker, coming to a noodle place, but a pleasant surprise :)The menu is broad and eclectic, ranging from Italian linguine to curry noodles, from ramen to sushi, and an impressive and surprising selection of rice dishes.I had asian wheat noodles with chicken (I don't remember the name of the dish), and it was very tasty! While we were there, we heard another customer telling his friend that he's tried many things on the menu, and everything has been delicious. I believe it. They say a large part of taste comes from our sense of smell, and this place was just brimming with incredible aromas! I can't wait to go back and try more yummy dishes!
4	My Udon Sukiyaki consisted of a fair amount of napa cabbage, lots of meat, and noodles. mmm... Proper. And of perfect proportions if you ask me. The soup broth was thicker than I prefer... I wish we could specify the soup base like at Shin Sem Gumi in LA . Oh well. Beggars can't be choosers. The soup was so hot I had to take a break for 5 minutes. That's a good thing though. The ladle... I wasn't sure how to use a ladle, so I stuck with chopsticks, and slurped some soup directly from the bowl. I felt so primative, that I couldn't/ wouldn't do that again. I probably should've asked for a soup spoon.. I will try this place again very soon w/o my time constraints. I had to rush home to kill nazi zombies. For now, b/c of the pretty satisfying food, 4 stars.Out of 10 (10 being the best, 5 average)Decor: 7Food: 7Service: 7
4	I've gone here around 10 times in the last 2 years, and it is so consistently good and reasonable. Great for groups or just a party of two. Although waiter service needs improvement hence the 4 stars, that is the one thing that is inconsistent.What I love:Green Tea'sHappy Hour DealsAwesome Banana BreadUdon Sukiyaki Soup when your feeling sickPescatore if your feeling italianCurry dish w/ Chicken
4	I have been here twice, once alone and once with JD, both times the food and service were both stellar. I love me some noodles, and their Korean Spicy Beef noodles are freaking great! I also really liked their fresh spring rolls, the sauce was perfect plus a little more siracha. But better than all the others I've had elsewhere lately. The place is really small though, that is my only gripe besides the fact that it shares a bathroom with Tokoyo Express next door. A table of four that was there while I was were basically entertaining the whole place. It was easier to listen than try to talk over them.
4	I got take-out from CherryBlossom tonight.  I was getting a pedicure next door and Helen, who does a FABULOUS job on my toesies, told me to try the Pad Thai.I was greeted as soon as I walked in the door.  There were 3 choices:  chicken, shrimp and/or tofu.  I got the shrimp/tofu Pad Thai.As I sat down, I realized I was sitting next to the biggest jerk/douche EVER!  He must have been on a date and I felt *really* sorry for the really pretty girl with the foreign accent sitting with him.  His cell rang AND HE ANSWERED IT!  In a restaurant!  his schnoz rivaled Seinfeld's.  He even got angry that their server came by and left because he was on the phone.  She told them it was policy not to disturb.  Fine enough!   Seriously, if I were sitting to eat next to him and not just waiting for take-out, I would have requested another table.  He bugged me THAT much.It didn't take more than 10 minutes for me to get my food.  Got home, it was still piping hot.  Generous portion of shrimp and TONS of crushed peanuts.  Yummy!  The sauce had a nice sweet/tang to it.  I saved half to eat later.  Or tomorrow, but it was so good, that I will probably eat it later tonight.  It was a little over $10 with tax.  Not bad for two meals!
4	I finally got to try the fabled Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe, and I will say that I am a fan now, but there were a few glaring inconsistencies that really keep this place from shining. First off, the goods: Delicious beverages, and a menu that is completely out of this world. I can get clam linguine in a white wine sauce, along with spicy Korean bbq beef in soba noodles, which is exactly what we did one night.  The flavors were excellent, although a little muted, and the amount of clams were amazing. There was a little bit of sand in some of the clams, but to me, that shows the dedication to having a fresh piece of seafood on the plate. I also thought that my wife's clams were swimming in the sauce, as there was a TON of it on her plate. Conversely, while my plate was cooked well, I felt that 1) the beef needed to be spicy, and 2) there needed to be more of it. I really felt like I was eating more noodle than anything else. And that's what keeps this place from getting a 5. The little things, like a lack of spice, too much sauce, the absolutely dreadful & schizophrenic decor, and, well, on our night, the single server handling the entire restaurant.  There are some nice little touches though. They serve you some of the best banana bread that I have had in a long while, their green tea is tasty, and the menu selection is above and beyond what I was expecting. I'll come back, that's for sure, and you should definitely give this place a try.
4	Absolutely delicious, and a very pleasant surprise.  While it seems like a little strip mall joint, it's really quite pretty inside.The menu is extensive, and full of vegetarian options (important for me, a veggie).  We shared the ginger eggplant app to start, and then shared some veggie rolls as well. One diner got the chicken parm (oh yes...they also have Italian food...and yummy banana bread along with white rolls), two of us got only sushi, and I got the mushroom tofu dish.Everyone cleared their plates. Very tasty, and quite affordable.One thought - their mixed drinks, at the least the specialty ones, are really odd. I definitely won't be ordering that again. However, everything else was tasty, and we'll be back. Just don't go if you're in a hurry - service left something to be desired. Like the bill.
4	Best Asian (not just Japanese) noodle shop in the Greater Phoenix area! I love their ramen and udon's. The fried udons are excellent. I usually get the seafood udon. Highly recommended!! You can check out their menus here: http://bit.ly/8S3o98
4	nice place... i went here after seeing all of the reviews.  i think that everyone summed the place up pretty good.  i was supervised by how many different ethnic foods they had... from Italian, to Korean, to Thai and even sushi.  i very affordable place with good food.
4	I was really surprised by this place. It honestly doesn't look like much from the outside but once you go in, you can see that the owners put some time into their restaurant; it is very well decorated. This place has the potential for a great date spot and a great spot to go with a few friends. From what I saw, their happy hour would be enough to wrangle me back in.As far as food, I should just say that, again, I was really surprised. I had the Spicy Curry Beef Linguine and it was fantastic. I went in there really hungry and the portions were just right. The waiter (Andy) took great care of my table and got us everything we needed very quickly.CherryBlossom Noodle has great food, great service and very reasonable prices (yet another surprise). I will definitely be going back to try more of their food and hopefully hit up a happy hour in the near future.
5	This place depicts fusion at a different level, this cozy place is great tasting and service is great. This is a perfect date place or lunch time place. I really liked the lunch boxes they serve, it included sushi, chicken katsu, bread, rice, and much more...
3	This would have gotten 4.5 stars, had our service actually been decent. So my mom and I ate here last night. We were there for about 10 minutes before our server came to take our drink orders.  For dinner I ordered vegas roll, korean spicy beef and mom ordered the pork and shrimp noodles. Dinner arrived and the server apologized that the sushi wasn't ready yet. About 20 minutes later after we had finished eating, and never got drink refills, didn't even get checked on we just kinda sat there at the table watching our server go to ever table except ours. Bringing every other table sushi except ours. Then I saw him twice go over to the main area and chit chat with his coworkers. Then he finally comes back over and just kinda stands there with a smile on his face and I said um I think I'll skip the sushi now. He tries to play it off like he had been asking the cooks for it. Whatev. He forgot. Then he brings us to go boxes and leaves for another 10 minutes. He walks by our table yet again and I had to stop him and ask him for the check. After he brings it to us we wait another damn ten minutes and I had to stop him again and say here can you please take this and I asked him if I could keep the receipt and he asks if he could cash out first. I said yeah sure only if you promise to come back. This time it only took him 2 minutes to come back. Other than the horrible service the food was excellent. I only wish I was able to try the sushi.
3	I have to echo so many other reviewers when I say the food was good but the service is a nightmare.  We waited almost 10 minutes before anyone even acknowledged us.  The table next to us (and I mean within 4 inches of us) was seated after us and received their drinks before anyone even bothered to say 'hi' to us.  The drinks took forever, as did the food, all while practically having my elbow in my neighbor's soup bowl.  I think I'd do this place to-go in the future.  Just not a good experience being surrounded by people and having none of those people being our waiter.
3	This was 4 star food but with 1 star service.  Since I am feeling nice today, they get rounded up instead of down.  It was a little bit later than normal dining time, 9:45, so it was nice to be able to go and have a nice dinner that didn't involve waiting forever to be seated or fast food.  Once we were seated we were promptly ignored for quite a while.  Probably about ten minutes.  No one even came around to say they would be back in a couple minutes or that they were just busy at the moment.  Then the table next to us was seated, greeted, and got drinks all before anyone took notice of us.  Finally our grumpy server came by, said two words and then held up a finger, telling us to wait, while she talked to someone else.  Seriously?! WTF.  I ordered a water to drink and the Chicken Yakisoba.  I downed my water within 10 seconds of getting it and waited until the end of the meal to get it refilled.  Hmph.  The food was really yummy.  The noodles were firm and the sauce was light and kind of sweet.  I really liked the veggies included, but I thought the chicken was kind of unnecessary.  It just didn't add anything to the meal. I think I will probably get some food from here again, but only in take out.  I'm not sure I could handle service like that again, especially since I can pretty much touch every end of the room when I stretch out my arms.
5	Thank you for accommodating my vegan needs.Hands down the best veggie sushi roles in Central Phoenix!I love the staff and the atmosphere here.  I have been eating here for the last 5 year and always recommend  the Cherry Blossom to my friends!  Keep up the good work!(Great Sushi Happy Hour and miso soup)
3	I am so conflicted about my feelings for CherryBlossom Noodle. It's like the guy or girl you are super attracted to but they have a shitty attitude. I wholeheartedly agree with the previous reviews that the food is great but service is inconsistent and mostly bad. I was being generous with the 3 stars for this experience but have had higher star experiences in the past. Just not this weekend. We went on Saturday night against my husband's better judgment and at my insistence. Sorry, babe, I take the blame for this one. We go in and the hostess seats us (two adults and a 2 year old). Five minutes go by and it is apparent that no one is bringing us a high chair. My husband had to go ask for one and the hostess (who sat us) was like, Oh you need a highchair? I suppose my daughter COULD sit in a regular chair but I envision her falling out, dropping food everywhere, etc. This hostess/server has been there FOREVER and as a matter of fact, we have bad experiences when she has waited on us in the past. Anyways, we order our food: side of steamed rice, crispy calamari as an appetizer and for dinner, the sushi combo for me, the miso sea bass for my husband. We also ordered a large Asahi and small, hot sake. The drinks came promptly. I remember thinking that the calamari app was taking a little while to come out and sure enough, it comes out with my sushi combo and side of rice. Okay, whatever. This doesn't bother me TOO much even though the calamari looked and tasted like it had been sitting under a lamp too long. Maybe the server forgot it. The main issue was that 10 minutes after we got that, we are still waiting on my husband's dinner. Seriously? I'll be honest in that I prefer that the whole dinner be brought out at once so that the table can eat their meals together but hey, I am flexible. But 10-15 minutes later, I am almost done with my meal which my husband has been helping me eat since he hadn't gotten his. The Miso Sea Bass was a special of the night so maybe the restaraunt had alot of orders for it. That's fine but if the kitchen is backed up, it is the server's responsibility to let us know. But, no, the server disappeared after dropping off the food and never came back. He only came back after my husband walked up to the front to cancel the entree to apologize and see if we wanted dessert. Um, no, not having anything else. About 5 minutes after that, the hostess dropped off our check and again, we waited awhile and still no server came to get the check. So, my husband went up to the front to drop off the card. Then the manager dropped off the receipt, not the server. Terrible, terrible, service. It is SUCH a shame, because I love going to CherryBlossom. The sushi combo (choice of two rolls, with miso soup and salad for $11) is a great deal and mostly everything I have gotten there is very good. I also love the mixed bread basket with dinner rolls, cinnamon toast and banana bread. But it isn't worth the crappy service. Beware, too, if you do take-out, they try to avoid giving the you the soup, salad, and bread that would normally come with your meal. They tried telling my husband that they don't give that for take-out. Um, unless they are discounting the take-out food (which they are not), they should be giving everything that would normally come with the meal. Sigh, I hope this place gets their act together...
2	So let's get this out of the way up front: The food here's pretty good. There I said it. I always enjoy the food, there's not been one thing there that I've eaten that I didn't like. That being said, food isn't going to make me return to a place to eat. We usually get takeout from CB because their service flat out sucks. My wife made me go with her this past weekend, because I've been making her get takeout form Hula Modern Tiki the past few times (Hula's great). So against my will, and because it was on the eve of Valentine's day, I decided to cave against my better judgement. I should be totally ticked, but because they didn't fail my expectations and screwed up my meal/deliviered craptacular service, wifey won't be making me go again. Win, I think.  I always make it a point to order the dinner special from places with the idea that the chefs are sick and tired of cooking the same stuff on the menu, and will be invigorated at cooking something new and exciting. This particular night, I opted for the Miso Marinated Sea Bass. Sounds great, right? I'll never know.....the server never brought it to me. Appetizer arrived, wife's meal arrived, daughter's bowl of steamed rice arrived, beer arrived, sake arrived, check arrived. Not in that order, but you get my drift. So my meal consisted of some of my wife's sushi, some of my daughter's steamed rice, some of the appetizer, beer, sake and table bread. Happy Valentines to you Cherry Blossom!  If anybody's thinking of checking this place out, get takeout. The food's good, but I can get better service at QT. (Yes, the gas station)
4	I've visited the Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe since 2 years ago, I used to go more frequently before than now because of my short time off from work. I absolutely love their Thai Salad, their service is usually really good. But sadly, ever since they started hiring new waiters the service has kind of gone downhill depending on the waiter you get. The owner is very nice and approachable, and their senior waiters are amazing, the rest though have pulled off some pretty bad customer service before.I am a firm lover of this restaurant and it has lots of potential. THeir pricing is good and the food is amazing.Highly Recommended as long as you get the right waiter. Try it out, they're working on making it better.
5	Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe has the authenticity of Japan's finest "Mom & Pop" eateries.  This effect is achieved by trasporting diners to a quaint interior with friendly service and delicious food the moment the enter from the low scale strip mall exterior.  The Ramen with Pork Cutlett (chashu ramen) is superb as are many of their other Asian dishes and even their italian fare is done with care and skill.  Sometimes the servers aren't the best in terms of knowledge and attentiveness, but the quality of food, affordable price and friendly atmosphere make up for it.
4	This is rather unique....korean champon and Japnese Ramen soup....Thai beef salad.  Food is fantastic here.  Often, slow service because it is very busy during lunch but worth while to visit....:)
3	This place is kind of a hidden gem.  You would not really expect a place like this.  The decor and menu is half Japanese, half Italian but it's mainly Japanese.  It's very clean, cozy, and charming feel to it with classical music played in the background.I would say it's a perfect place for a 1st date.1st time I came here was for the Ramen, which was pretty good.  2nd time, I had the yakisoba noodles, which was pretty good.  Otherwise, you can order the safe, bento boxes.  The menu is kind of long so you get a nice variety.  Interestingly they started serving Pho to which I have not tried.  I'm a little leery about trying the Italian portion since it's a Japanese place but maybe one day.It's definitely a great lunch spot! I would come back for sure.
4	Cute little cafe to hang out in. Food was pretty decent, considering it is Phoenix. x) Service was really good. Took a friend here that came from out of town so it was a nice little place to sit, relax, and catch up.
4	I had avoided this place for a while because, on the outside, it seems like a (probably terrible) teriyaki joint. Maybe it's the sign. Wow, was I wrong.The interior is homey, and comes off as a cross between a sushi bar and an italian bistro in terms of decor.The first thing I ordered was the Nabeyaki Udon (in the iron pot), and I was blown away. The noodles they use are excellent, and they make their own broth (which, I was told, was simmered with seaweed--it certainly was addictive and delicious!) Since then I have been back many times, and the quality remains consistent. I've also never had a problem with the wait staff, and one japanese lady whose name escapes me is a total sweetheart. She accidentally brought me "the big boss's" pint glass instead of the standard happy hour $2.80 glass, and apologized (I did get to keep it, so I'm not sure why!).Their sushi is mediocre, but far from terrible. I suggest trying some of the more difficult to find items on their menu, like their delicious udon or (my favorite) the Kake Soba (buckwheat noodles in broth with spinach and spring onions).The italian stuff scares me a little bit, although I'm sure it's fine. Maybe I'll try it some day. Itadakimasu!
5	Cherry Blossom has the best happy hour items! So tasty and fresh!!!! I am in love!
4	I've been to Cherry Blossom twice during a one week period and I am looking forward to going back again to try new things from the menu.  The atmosphere is awesome, the staff is friendly, the happy hour specials are excellent, and most importantly, the food is tasty.  I've been on a search for good sushi since Celsius has closed down but this place gives me some hope.  I recommend the crunchy eel roll.
4	I'm here pretty regularly, since it is within walking distance of my house. Sometimes I feel like I'm paying a bit too much, but I've started frequenting the specials and Happy Hour menu, which has alleviated some of that. I've tried the sushi, the gyozo bowl, the salads, and some of the pasta dishes. Everything has been pretty good.The gyozo bowl is awesome. It reminds me of the spicy Korean ramen my mom would make me with mondu (Korean dumplings). It's pretty spicy and flavorful. I love sitting at the bar and ordering--things come out faster and you can watch with excitement as the cooks prepare the food. I've noticed a lot of the flavors run together and taste similar, but I'm okay with that because they're good flavors.From the outside, it really does look like a shady asian spot, but the inside is quirky and classy. The walls are brick and the decorations are well-chosen. It's a good place for a date or to meet a friend for a casual happy hour.
5	From the second you enter the door, it's pretty obvious that Cherryblossom isn't exactly your usual Japanese restaurant. With the works of Chagall adorning the walls right next to the iconic Japanese beckoning cat statue (aka Maneki Neko), the interior decor definitely alludes to the nature of the food served within its walls. Though firmly rooted in traditional Japanese cuisine, Cherryblossom also has select offerings from across Asia and Europe as well. I wouldn't exactly call it fusion cuisine... more like a meeting of traditions (with some exceptions, of course).As it's name would suggest, Cherryblossom is first and foremost a noodle house. With a wide range of noodles dishes, Cherryblossom definitely does not disappoint in this category. From Japanese noodle soups to stir-fried noodles to Italian pasta, there are more than enough options to suit an array of different palettes. There's even a tofu noodle option for those trying to keep low carb or gluten-free. In addition to the many noodle dishes available, Cherryblossom also serves a wide range of other choices as well. Sushi, rice dishes, salads and assorted tempura are all on the menu to tempt your taste buds.One of my usual go-to favorites is the Vege-Ten noodle soup. Served up in a large bowl, it's a hearty dish featuring either udon (thick wheat) or soba (thin buckwheat) noodles (I'll get either depending on my mood) in a miso soup with an assortment of vegetable tempura placed on top. Although this is usually filling enough for a complete meal unto itself (just because I'm still a big sushi lover even after going vegetarian), I'll also frequently get a vegetable roll (avocado, lettuce, cucumber, carrot, Inari tofu, and kaiware) to accompany my hearty bowl of tastiness... But no matter what you end up ordering, I doubt that you'll be going away unsatisfied.So a small confession... While writing this, I totally got an urge to try one of Cherryblossom's desserts. And since I'm always so full from the meals that I get there, I've never had the opportunity to try one of the pretty desserts inside the glass case. So for just you (and my tummy), I swung out to get a piece of their green tea mousse cake (something that I had been admiring the last couple of times that I had been in)... Although you may think that this cake might be something akin to a typical European chocolate mousse cake, it's most definitely an Asian-style dessert. Light with delicate and subtle flavors, this cake features a thick layer of green tea mousse sandwiched between a thin base of white cake and a layer of red bean paste on top and is served with some fresh berries alongside. Like many Asian desserts, it's not what the typical American palette would consider sweet. It's actually very much like the kinds of cakes that I grew up eating from Chinatown in LA... Maybe not everybody's cup of tea, but I found it pretty good.So long story short... If you find yourself hungry (or even just a little peckish) in the Central Phoenix area, I would highly suggest stopping into Cherryblossom Noodle Cafe. I don't think you'll be disappointed.
4	What the funk!?  That's what came to my mind when I first saw this place.  Not the cleanest location but all is well.  Decor is unique - New Yorky flare with a japanese touch.  I'm seeing Sushi, Ramen, and Udon noodles oh my!  Their appetizer bread is sooo good!  I don't rave about bread much, but it was so soft and tasty YUM!  Lunch special had great prices.  Service was on the ball and friendly.  Definitely coming back someday for some more noodles! :)
3	We met some of my wifes co-workers after work here. I just kept dishing out Ramen jokes all day since I wasnt too much of a fan on this is where we would be going.After getting there my attitude quickly changed. They have a very wide assortment of dishes rather than noodles. Everyone but me got the yaki soba noodles with chicken. I tried something else, but dont remember what it was called. It was basically shrimp tempura in rice with some kind of sweet honey type of sauce over it. It was pretty tasty. I also got a rainbow sushi roll that took a very long time for them to prepare. It came after we were all done eating. It was good, and the price for it was decent. The only complaint I had was that the fish was sliced to thick. It was a little on the chewy side.Our waitress was kind of hit and miss, but she was a delight when she showed up. I would visit it again and definately skip the ramen jokes the next time!
5	I had to pleasure of going to cherry blossom last nite with a good friend and lemme tell you it never disappoints me. i had not been in a while. the minute you walk in it is like being in someone cozy space, everyone is so nice a friendly... it was hella hot so i wanted to try to eat lite an you can do that here, plenty of yummy salads and sushi , the menu is amazing!! And they have tons of cocktails to choose from..Everyone that walks out of here will have a smile on there face.Great date taking place i am sure!! we had the best waiter ever also...
4	We've been coming here for years and the food is consistently yummy.  The service can be a bit hit or miss sometimes, but their complimentary banana bread and rolls surely make up for it!  Fresh baked and super tasty these pre-dinner freebies are one of my favs!I usually always get a seafood noodle dish (Nagasaki Sara Udon or Yaki Udon) and am always delighted at the flavors and large portions.  Cherry Blossom is a quaint place, where you can watch the chef's at work and always good for a tasty meal.
4	Cute place in a plaza. The bread sampler is cool. : )I had the udon + tasted my friend's ramen. It was really GOOD! I like the homey feel of the place.
3	I wish I could give this place more stars because the food is delicious, but the service is terrible!I brought several people to this establishment to have lunch or dinner  over the last few months and the service is typically a 5. Never once has the server been attentive! One time, on a late business lunch, we watched our server sit at a few tables away and completely ignore our stares for the check. We literally waited half an hour as she chatted with other patrons. It was quite annoying to say the least, tips are earned not required! I mean come on! To this day she eyes me down when I come in for pick-up.The Chicken Katsu is the best item on the menu! I would definitely order take-out, at least you can rely on that service. Very nice lady at the front!
3	So i wasn't to impressed with this place. Personally i think its a little overrated. The place is clean and nice but the food is just... ok.I ordered the Korean Spicy Beef and thought it was pretty bland. Seriously, I could have made a better dish at YC's Mongolian BBQ.I don't think i would ever visit this reastaurant again because the menu was weak and uncreative.
2	I had better.Takes way too long,and this place went downhill in quality and service over the last 3 years.
4	First of all their banana bread is amazing. I can't get enough of their moist soft banana bread. I tried their sushi rolls which are o.k., but I go for their champon. The broth combined with seafood and vegetables is flavorful and delicious. The broth is not too spicy or heavy, just enough of both. This isn't a tradional cham-pon, but their version is absolutely delicious. I especially like this place for bringing Japanese ramen, Korean fusion, and overall Asian inspired dishes to Az. It's about time!
3	I've been here twice now. Initially, I was impressed at the management of a huge table (we had like 20 people) and the waitress had no problem doing separate checks and was quick upon return with the checks and change.  Yet when I went with just another person, although crowded, the service was not that great. The one thing that was odd - some food came out fairly quickly, yet others' orders took forever.  Some of my friends waited about 20 minutes after everyone else received their dishes, and it's not like they ordered something totally different. In fact, some of the orders were identical to the other friends. Then again, we did have 20 people.  During the time I was just with another person, it was a similar thing - my food came out way earlier than my friend's. I ordered the summer rolls that were quite tasty, and the prices were very reasonable. I ordered miso soup and edamame which were both delicious. My mom ordered the pad Thai and loved it. I was pleasantly surprised at the amount of food one could order for a decent price.  The parking could likely get to be a problem. I managed to find a spot, but during busier hours with the other surrounding businesses, I imagine it would be messy.  Also, the only other negative thing was that my mojito was really not that tasty.
4	Love Cherry Blossom; as close to my mother's cooking as I can get in Phoenix...From Udon Soup, Soba Noodles, Tempura, fresh fish dishes, Tonkatsu, Curry, Korean Spicy Rib, even this wonderful Mushroom & Scallop pasta dish they only have at happy hour (Please put it on the menu!!!)Haven't had a bad meal here...try to go here at least a couple times a month!!!Okay, had 1 bad dish; they didn't have Orange Roughy; so they subsituted Oreo Dory Fish; 2 bites, I sent it back; and got the salmon.  Which was flawless as usual.They do small touches; when asked; like ground daikon.  Something my mother & father do; when I go home to visit.Also, wish they would have Tsukemono; but maybe I have to bring my own from home...Gohan(Rice) is always perfect; so that's probably why I like this place and Tokyo Express next door.
5	My fiance and I decided to visit this place based on the awesome prices and the good reviews.We got there and the place was really cute.  It's pretty cozy inside, like someone said, Asian European.  The menu is huge.  I'm typically a picky person and will only find one or two things on any given menu that I want to eat, but this menu...I would try half of it.However, I had a hankerin' for sushi, so that's what I ordered.  I was a little disappointed that they didn't have an individual selection of nigiri to choose from, but they did have a combo option for nigiri, which is usually what I like to see anyway.  I decided to try the Philly roll and the Alaskan roll.  I was also concerned this might not fill me up, so I also ordered a bowl of miso ($2).First of all, the miso was delicious.  It had raw cabbage in it, which I didn't really like (nor have I seen it before), but other than that, it was one of the best miso soups I've ever had.  Secondly, the Philly roll was awesome!  It was made with smoked salmon, which made it a million times more delicious than usual. The Alaskan roll had cooked salmon, and it was good, but couldn't compare to the Philly roll with smoked salmon.Also, I didn't realize they served bread at the table (wasn't really expecting that at an Asian restaurant).  We had two rolls and two cinnamon and sugar crostinis in our basket.  They were both good.  Nothing special about the rolls, though.  Just your typical dinner roll.  Because of the bread, I ended up being super full at the end of my meal, which I wasn't expecting at all.My fiance ordered the shrimp pad thai.  He asked for super-extra hot, but it came not spicy at all.  They gave him chili sauce, though, which helped him out.  He absolutely loved it.  Normally, he doesn't really like Thai or Japanese food that much, but he couldn't stop talking about how good his food was.  That's a giant thumbs up for this place, just for impressing him with Thai food.Overall it was excellent.  We went at 8pm on a Sunday night and the place was packed.  I see that as a great sign.  Our service was normal, nothing to complain about, so overall, the two of us gives Cherryblossom Noodle Cafe 5 stars :)
4	The food here is pretty good.  I've been coming here for years and they are pretty consistent, at least with certain items.  I don't eat the sushi here, nor have I really had it here, so I can't say if it's bad or good.  Killer luch specials, just don't go if you are hurried, service is a touch on the 'casual' side.  Good value for lunch especially!  They also have a happy hour menu with various items, otherwise evrything hovers around $10Excellent:Chicken Katsu-Just like mom used to make with a slightly americanized tonkatsu sauce...but still goodPork Katsu-YUMChicken Coleslaw Salad-Fresh with tons of chicken, had to take some home to go!Shrimp Tempura Udon-good shrimps, noodles for a cold dayTeriyaki Chicken Bento Box-GOOD!Teriyaki Salmon Bento Box-Good!
3	My introduction to Japanese cooking occurred years ago in Norwalk, Calif. It had been a grueling day and I wanted to get away, so I hopped in the car and started driving until I saw a storefront with a line out the door. After waiting for about 15 minutes I pointed to the picture on the wall. Having no idea what it was, I had ordered Tempura Udon.I dunked one of the thick shaggy pieces of shrimp into the savory broth and watched as the tempura quickly soaked up the broth. The flavors were ethereal.My initial slurp of thick slippery udon is among the great food experiences I've ever had. Unfortunately, I've never had udon that has compared to that first steaming bowl.After driving by Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe in Phoenix many times, I finally stopped in. They excel at their namesake with tasty noodles and more offerings than you can shake a wet noodle at.It's a calming space with a quick, friendly wait staff and a menu that's mostly Asian inspired. There's a section dedicated to Italy, though I'm not sure how much curry and ginger Italians use in their pasta.Cherry Blossom also offers many salads, including Tokyo Chicken Coleslaw ($7.60). It's essentially a Chinese chicken salad with grilled chicken, cabbage, lettuce and daikon sprouts in a tangy vinaigrette dressing. It's deliciously light and refreshing.A friend once told me that the spiciness of a spicy sushi roll was invented to help disguise the flavor of fish that might not be so fresh. While I'm not saying that the Spicy Salmon Roll ($5.60) wasn't freshly made, it was so fishy that it was inedible. Spicy as it was, it couldn't disguise the flavor that remained with me after the first try.The California Roll ($4.40) fared better, but then again it was just a California Roll, imitation crab, cucumber and avocado wrapped in rice.Moving right into noodles, the egg version used in the Korean Spicy Beef ($10.50) were so chewy and fun to eat, I only wished the bowl was larger. Spiked with green peppers and tender sliced of beef, this wasn't as spicy as I has hoped, but this was quickly remedied with a side of chile paste.My eyes widened as my Ebi-Ten Udon Noodle ($8) arrived. It was a large bowl filled with huge udon noodles paired with soup and steamed spinach. Along side were several pieces of shrimp tempura that were golden and inviting. Could this be what I've been searching for all of these years? After one sip my hopes plunged; just not quite the same. The flavor of the dashi, the basic soup stock used for udon, was a little too strong. Don't get me wrong, it was a very good bowl but, not quite the sensation I experienced so many years ago. Perhaps it's never as good as the first time.
4	This place was pretty interesting. I never thought of japanese and italian being a fusion combo, but here it is. The italian food was different, but not worth it. My fiance ordered the TanTan-Men and Gyoza and wow, you definitely get what you paid for. So much food and large pot of ramen. The prices are reasonable, approx $10 per person, maybe a little more if you order drinks and/or dessert.
5	Every times I went to Cherry Blossom, I always had rice or pasta plates.Then last weekend, I went there again for noodle soup.Now I can say that all the menus there are delicious.The atmosphere is cozy and the staff are so friendly.Beware of the leg on the front door during the haloween...heeheehee...
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!  ...Excellent food & even better...excellent service!  ...On 10/18/2010, Mon night, we had dinner here. I ordered the Grilled Salmon with Brown Rice.  It was only lukewarm, and I like my food hot.  I told the waiter & his apologized & they cooked me a brand,new one that was fresh & hot. He gave me another salad on the House to eat while I was waiting for the 2nd one. ...But wait, it gets better... He totally took it off the bill!  ...I didn't have to pay for my dinner!  How cool is that?  This is one of our favorite places to eat for sure!  This is a quint little place to eat, decorated very nicely. It can get somewhat noisy in there, but the food & service makes it worth it!   :)
5	Best noodles outside Japan.  Very authentic Japanese style restaurant.  Try the champon noodles...
5	I don't know what to say.......I have only been here for lunch and I can't stop thinking about it!  I have passed this Cafe numerous times over the years and never thought to stop in.  I'm glad I did!  The staff is amazing and the food is 5 star!!  What also makes this place great is the price.  You get SOOOO much food for a steal.I hear the happy hour is great too, hope to try it in the very near future!
4	Local and cute setting in central Phoenix.  Love the Hakata soup, basically Ramen noodles, but inexpensive for a bowl of warm yumminess!  It can be pretty loud at times, if full, but that's ok, I've been in much worse.  It's very Japanese with a twist for those who are unfamiliar with Japanese foods, you can always order an Italian dish instead.  Sushi is good, and reasonable in price as well.  The cooks are insight and friendly with those sitting at the bar.  You know it's pretty authentic when you see more Japanese/Asian sitting and eating their bowl of soup, many choices to choose from too!
3	Let me start by saying the food here is five star.  Everything I ate was delicious and I plan on coming back for more.The down side...Service sucked.  My server was the antithesis of good.  He took my order then promptly ignored me.  When the wrong entree was brought out, my server did not acknowledge it, he just brought out the right food. Not a good way to deal with things...The food:  Get appetizers and enjoy them!  There is a spinach dish that is simple and amazing, and their gyoza soup is nothing short of spectacular.  They do everything right, so enjoy any noodly dish you can imagine.In summary:  Amazing food but the service sucks.  Sit at the bar.  Still, eat this stuff, it's amazing.
4	Whenever I crave Japanese style food that isn't sushi, this restaurant has satiated me each and every time.  From their katsu curry or tempura to their soba, ramen, udon, I have enjoyed each meal and what they've had to offer.  I will suggest though that if you do order the katsu curry, that you ask for the katsu to be served on the side so it doesn't lose the crispy quality of the panko that is otherwise buried in the curry sauce.  I don't know anyone who has tried their Italian fare, but my friends and I have found their Asian food selections to be delicious.  Their prices are pretty reasonable and I find their portions to be decent as well.  I have yet to personally try their sushi, but I have heard that it's also quite good.  I haven't had any issues with the service, but I also wouldn't say that they go above and beyond either - it is adequate.  The atmosphere is a little odd since it was, from what I heard, converted from a bakery to a restaurant, but it is clean and comfortable.  I do think it would be nice if they honed in on the Asian cuisine though, being named Cherry Blossom Cafe otherwise seems slightly misleading. (But now I'm just being nit-picky.)Overall, I have had rather positive experiences at this establishment and look forward to my next visit!
5	I have been to Cherryblossom countless times for lunch over the past few years. I have to say the location kinda sucks, but that's because of all the traffic. Are they ever going to finish construction on Camelback?! Any way, I decided to get a to go lunch order today. Since it was actually chilly out, I ordered the cha-shu ramen noodles with a couple of their yummy bread rolls & also picked up a slice of their amazing blueberry bread. The rolls were yummy as usual & I ate half of the cha-shu, so good & a big enough portion for me to have it again for lunch tomorrow. Service can be slow there sometimes, it's best to go at 11am or after 1pm, to beat the lunch crowd. Other tasty items I have enjoyed here are: cali crunchy roll, double shrimp crunchy roll, grilled chicken salad (w/ginger dressing instead), calamari, edamame & I have tried a couple different pasta dishes which were surprisingly good!
4	I love Cherry Blossom. Love it. That being said it does have some problems. Here are the pros and cons:Pros:The Food. The food is absolutely fantastic. Everything is good here. I've had sushi, salads, Italian pasta, udon soup, desserts, all of it. I've never had something that was less than good and most of it is delicious. I've brought many friends and family and they agree the food is good.The Prices. The prices are very reasonable and despite many visits we are often surprised with how low our bill is considering the quantity and quality of food.Cons:The Service. The service isn't exactly bad but it is frequently very slow. The servers are polite but it can be hard to flag them down and difficult to get refills especially during busy times. Also, beware because ordering sushi here is an extremely slow process. I've had friends get full meals from appetizer through dessert before I even get my sushi.The Bathrooms. The bathrooms are shared with another restaurant and are usually quite filthy. They are also single stall bathrooms which I hate in a restaurant.I do recommend you eat here though. The food is most definitely worth it. The cons really aren't enough to stop me. Just plan for some extra time.
5	I am tempted to write a bad review so less people go there and the place is only for me.I love everything about it. The sushi, the noodles, the appetizers, the deserts...
4	Deliciously inventive.  I almost always get the ika mentai noodles.  The bread that they give you (complimentary) is fresh and good.  The salads are delicious.  I will say however that service is a bit slow, they mean well but it certainly is not an "in and out" type of place.  The sushi is not the most complicated or fussy, but for a great neighborhood spot, this place can't be beat.
3	Took forever to seat a party of Two.I ordered the seafood nabe. Scallops, calamari, sea kelp, noodles, mushrooms, egg.Warm / Hot stuff served in an iron pot (nabe).It was decent.Not too sweet..... I really wish I could get takoyaki (battered baked octopus bits) here like I used to back in 2007 though.They don't have Takoyaki anymore which is soooo sad.
4	Ive been going here over the years. The food is always spot on. I can't think of a visit where I left dissatisfied. I love that I can order Italian or Asian or a little bit of both. Last night I ordered the Orange Zest chicken and hubs got the seafood Au gratin. Both were fresh and very tasty. We also had the spicy shrimp lettuce wraps to start.They are spicy but have a great flavor. I must echo the other reviewers about the service. GOOD LORD. Seriously slowest.service.ever. Last night we waited a good 15 minutes for our server to come back with the bill and the hubs credit card. Not cool. We've decided that when we go next time to ask for our bill the second our food comes out.
4	It was extremely cold tonight, so Jason B. and I wanted to eat something warm. So we decided to go back to Cherry Blossom for the second time, because we really enjoyed it the first time around.The second go around confirmed it! This is a great restaurant!We started with the Extremely Spicy Gyoza Pot. Which consists of gyoza in an extremely spicy broth! That kind of spicy that makes you talk funny! But the combination of tasty gyoza and the spicy broth was absolutely scrumptious! For dinner I ordered the Nabeyaki Udon, Iron Pot. A well flavored broth with seafood such as, calamari, fish, clams, scallops, and the wonderful thick Udon noddles! I like my Noodles thick! If you like Ramen, Sushi or other types of Noodles, CherryBlossom is a great choice, there is something for just about everyone.
4	A very solid 3.75 star review :)So, I leave my last job site at Camelback & 7th Ave. starving and looking for something non-chain and non-hamburger.  I start to head east and Cherry Blossom suddenly popped into my view.  I've certainly read about them over the years, never made it by so now's my chance!I am so glad I ended up here for lunch, especially this ccccooollllddd week (hey, at least for Phoenix).  Nothing goes down better on a cold day than soup, for me at least particularly Asian noodle soups.  Like Gabi mentions Phoenix is definitely lagging behind San Jose, Honolulu, Chicago, name your place-they all got mindblowingly good ramen/noodle house type restaurants.My opinion is that the Valley has more Southeast Asians (Thai, Vietnamese, Cambodian) than Japanese so pho or tom yum gai isn't as hard to find as good ramen.  Cherry Blossom's version is not like any I've had before-I usually simply order the cha su ramen in whatever size is not the gigantic bucket full.  Cherry Blossom's was not a clear broth, rather it was almost a creamy white laden with seaweed and pork and those wonderful noodles....I could eat a WHOLE lot of this...coupled with eight pieces of California roll, salad with some pretty solid ginger dressing, and bread (??) with a tropical iced tea set me back $11.  Very good food and good value I'd say too!  I see you again soon Cherry Blossom!!
5	My sister and I found this place just driving down Camelback, and we are soo happy we did! We started with the Caterpillar and Rainbow rolls (both just $5 during happy hour), both typical rolls, which they did very well. For our main course we split two entrees, the Beef Curry Udon and the Nagasaki dish, which consisted of a variety of seafood and veggies, and the crispy noodles, yum!! All the food was absolutely delicious, and at a fair price, especially during happy hour! What we found really entertaining is the surprising Italian menu they have, random, but it looked equally appetizing. We were sitting right next to the dessert display too, and though we didn't try anything, like their tiramisu, our mouths were watering.The atmosphere is great; it has a French cafe fell, but with Italian influence, and then all of a sudden: great sushi and noodles! It's a lot of great cuisine under one roof. I'll definitely be returning.
3	I am new here, in this desert land known as Phoenix.  Great cloud patterns, awesome blue sky, urgent and indomitable sun.  In a frenzy of missing LA food (DAIKOKUYA!!), I searched Yelp last night (honestly, more in time-killing mode) to find a place in Phoenix that sells authentic ramen (I am like Naruto with my ramen, fools).  Imagine my shock when I saw this place had ramen...not just ramen, but TONKOTSU ramen.  Then, and this is the killer, it was across the street from where I'm staying!"At last," I thought, "God has forgiven me for that unfortunate incident in junior high on that co-ed camping trip."  Been making "good deed" installment payments on that incident for awhile.Alas, he still has a bone to pick:  3 stars because the food wasn't just "it's not Daikokuya," but just not good.  Noodles were freshly un-bricked, 3 pieces of Oscar Meyer lunchmeat (or one slice cut up), and...actually, that's it.  No veggies, no seaweed, no egg, nothing else.  If you like ramen (and, more importantly, have had good ramen), probably not the place to rush to.  Shrimp dumplings were OK, though. Service was sketch:  took a crapload of time to flag my waitress to close out.Place gets high marks from others, though, so I'll have to try something else some other time.  Maybe.  The heart takes awhile to heal.
4	I had been meaning to visit this place for awhile and the only regret I have is that it took me so long to swing by and have a taste.  They have a decent and well priced lunch menu as well as a large assortment of Italian pasta and Japanese type entrees.  After debating the tonkatsu lunch versus the ramen and roll combo, I ordered a bowl of ramen and california roll for $8.45.  I was very seriously surprised by the ramen broth which was excellent and also by the fact that the noodles were perfectly al dente.  My friend got the champon, which is traditionally found in Chinese restaurants  Definitely can't wait to go back and try more menu items.
4	After searching for three years for a place in Phoenix that would satisfy my ramen cravings, I am certain I have found it. For years I have been looking for a place that served a good bowl of niu rou tang mian and while my favorite Chinese late night food isn't served at Cherry Blossom, there are plenty of delicious noodle soups that will keep me happy until my next trip east. The ramen was great, we had it yesterday night, but the beef iron pot was even better (todays lunch- yes we loved the place so much we went twice in 24 hours). The spring onions had been roasted before entering the soup and gave the broth a wonderful smoky flavor. The cabbage and tofu were tender and soaked up all of the lovely flavors of the broth. The iron pot was too big for me to finish alone. I needed some assistance halfway through so I suggest you take some friends and share!
4	I am so glad that friends of mine took me to this restaurant, because I would have never stopped in had I just seen it from the street. The location in a strip mall with a nondescript front definitely does not do justice what awaits you inside. The place is quaint and the decor a strange mixture of Asian and Western European influences. Of note is that the friends who look me were actually Japanese - always  good sign when choosing Asian restaurants.My absolute favorite dish is the hot udon soup with either chicken or veggies but I have tried several other dishes and have enjoyed them. One of the cool things in this restaurant is the curious mixture of Asian and Italian cuisine. Unfortunately, the one time my boyfriend tried out an Italian dish the noodles tasted a bit stale. That was the only time though that I have not thoroughly enjoyed myself there.
3	This was my first time here to the Phoenix, AZ area and wanted to try something other than Mexican food.  I choose CherryBlossom Noodle Cafe as it was an interesting place and I was in the mood for Ramen.  I had the Spicy Lettuce Wrap with Shrimps & Vegetables to start.  It was good but I do not see how anyone could eat it as a wrap...very messy (I ended up putting the lettuce in the bowl and ate it with a spoon).  For the main dish, I orded the Ramen TanTan-Men.  The Ramen, I would have to say was pretty good and was enough to fill you up.  Over all I would rate this place 3 stars and I would come back.
4	My family visited Cherry Blossom for the first time this evening. We were not disappointed. The cha-shu ramen (it has pork and green onions) was outstanding. The broth was rich but not at all greasy, and the noodles were perfectly cooked. The portion size was perfect. The best part: it cost only $8. We arrived at 6:15 PM and were seated at one of the last open tables. By the time we left at 7:30, there was a huge line of people waiting to be seated. And mind you, this was on a Monday evening. So get there early and be willing to try something new--they have a huge menu with lots of interesting choices--choices that I will be trying in the very near future.
2	Oh CherryBlossom, you remind me of an abusive relationship.  The first meal I had with you completely exceeded my expectations.  The unexpected bread basket with the nutty banana bread, the savory ramen broth that actually had depth, quick service...After a couple visits I've accumulated quite a list of offenses: I've waited 45+ minutes because the hostess wrote my name down incorrectly and then skipped over it because she didn't know how to pronounce it, the bomb banana bread was replaced with dehydrated slices of "bread", the ramen noodles were undercooked and sticking together, the sushi rolls did not hold together, and the service was nonexistent.  Yet I found myself going back, over and over again hoping to relive that very first visit.  But enough is enough.  I'm not going to be the Rihanna to CherryBlossom's Chris Brown abuse no mo.
3	I was surprised to see how packed this place was at 9 pm on a Sunday night. There were only two tables that were open, just because people had left a couple minutes prior. That was a pretty good sign of things to come.I wasn't sure of what to expect from this place cuisine wise, as I was hoping for Vietnamese food but all the places on Camelback were closed. Some sort of Asian cuisine was needed, and CherryBlossom seemed like our only option.We came in, got our tofu Pad Thai and shrimp lettuce wraps. The food came out promptly, but I'm guessing that's because they half-assed it food wise. The shrimp lettuce wraps were incredibly gritty, and I felt like I was eating small rocks. The Pad Thai has way too much fish sauce, which overpowered the whole dish. The food wasn't too bad, but definitely didn't live up to all of the rave reviews.Service was prompt, and the food was cheap, so that's a plus.
5	I must say an absolute gem. Love the assorted menu, from Japanese to Italian.The waitress was very attentive and friendly. I definitely recommend the shrimp tempura for appetizer. Crispy and tender, the sauce to accompany, exquisite.I would recommend this to anyone who loves great tasting international cuisine.
4	This is more of a 4.5 start review. Boy, Cherryblossom has really gotten their ish together. The last few times I have gone have been really good. Service is alot better which has consistently been my beef with this place. I have been impressed. The food has always been good and the last two times I've gone have been during lunch. Both times I have gotten the lunch bento special of the day and what a bento!!!! For just under $10, I got grilled salmon, a couple of potstickers, 4 pieces of California roll, a salad (sometimes the hot beef salad). I have also gotten tempura veggies with it, too, and it also comes with miso soup. Great deal!!! On top of that, you always get ther rolls, bana bread, etc with it. Such a fan. I can't wait for another day off that I can go there for lunch!
4	I really like this place but today it was packed for lunch and needless to say, I was a little disappointed with the service. We waited for a table, had to grab our own menus, waited for drinks, etc. We got our salad and sushi appetizers but no place settings.The sushi was good, we had a Sun Roll which was on the specials board. My Hakata Ramen was tasty and my tea refills were prompt.Good food and value. Hopefully they'll up the lunch coverage in the future.
4	Finally!  The last two times I've gone to CherryBlossom the service as been great.  The food is still wonderful, especially the TanTan-Men, a spicy ramen dish with minced pork.  Just the right amount of heat with perfectly cooked noodles.
1	It was definitely one of the worst ramen I have ever had in my life... I know I have such high expectations for food, especially when it comes to Japanese cuisine- but it was just so dissapointing, after reading the raving reviews about this place!
5	This is a hidden gem. Tucked away in a plaza, this place has very authentic food. The best part is-- they serve chinese and italian food! The pastas are delicious. They also have a sushi bar!Near midtown Phoenix, this place is great before a show or sports event.
3	We had dinner at Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe on a Thursday night about 7:30 pm. The strip mall doesn't have any curb appeal and you're surrounded by Domino's, a Barber Shop and a drive-thru liquor store. We were quoted a 45 minute wait by an Asian woman who seemed less than pleased to see us. :( We waited an hour.However, once seated, our server was pleasant and the menu options were more than we expected. Everything and anything with noodles, including Italian dishes?! The food was good and the atmosphere was cozy and full of obvious regulars.One interesting(?) tidbit is the Kyoto Bowl next door is owned by the same people. We inquired after noticing there is an incomplete wall dividing the two restaurants. We will visit again.Hope my Yelp helped!
4	This place never disappoints!  With a mix of Italian and Asian cuisine there are always lots of choices.  My boyfriend and I couldn't decide so we chose one Italian dish and one Asian dish: Seafood Yakisoba and Cajun Shrimp.  They definitely did not skimp on the seafood!  Both dishes had plenty of shrimp!  I love the warm bread they serve prior to bringing out your meals as well.  CherryBlossom also always has a great assortment of desserts.  This time we had the peach cheesecake which was amazing, and highly recommended.I feel like a lot of small restaurants have slow service, but that is not the case here!  Great food and great service make this a place I will definitely be visiting again!
4	Taken many a date to this resturant.  Great sushi, deals are very good during sushi happy hour.  It is a bit small insude,  Don't get there during rush or you will not be getting a seat.  Overall 7/10 for me :)
4	Cherry Blossom is my go to takeout restaurant in Central Phoenix.  Their noodle soups are cheap (~$7) and have great flavor.  I usually get the Cha Shu, which is a ramen soup with pork and a cloudy tonkatsu broth.  The "Extra Spicy Gyoza Pot" soup appetizer is also good, although it's definitely only for people who like their food REALLY spicy (believe me on this one - I have a pretty high heat tolerance)!  Other menu items are hit and miss - the Shrimp Shumai had a bizarre breaded consistency and I was lukewarm on the sukiyaki, but I liked the miso eggplant and the spicy tuna roll.The restaurant itself is cute, and the woman who works the hostess stand is really friendly, so overall I think Cherry Blossom deserves 4 stars.
4	Atmosphere plus food is great.  The service exceeded my expectations based on other reviews here.We tried both the chicken pad thai (5 stars especially if you love cilantro) and the korean beef. Lots of leftovers for lunch today :)I will let others know about this hidden gem.
4	This place was discovered purely by accident.  I wanted some noodle dish and i was near my old high school I googled good noodle places on my phone...this place.came up...i was like why not just try it for take out...i pulled up and i walked in and looked at the menu...i was so confused...tbey have italian and asian choices...i was like great this place cannot be too good if they are offering two types of food...but i was there already so i was going to try it...i was conflicted i love italian but i wanted asian so i got a staple...pad thai...it was delicious...full of flavor and i was very impressed! Since then i have been back and this place is good...i go here if i am in the area...its super casual...i love to take the food home and eat if while watching my reality tv and desperate housewives show...good place you should try it!
5	The Boy and I wanted sushi tonight and wavered between Sting Ray and CherryBlossom.  I'd forgotten about my one glorious trip to the Noodle Cafe until tonight, so it got my vote. (The Noodle Cafe is not forgettable - it's just that we're always trying new places so sometimes we forget to go back to places we love.)  Just like last time there were people waiting outside and we were told it'd be 20 minutes before we got a table.  It was really only about 15, but the food is SO worth the wait.Tonight we ordered 3 sushi rolls: the crispy California, double crispy shrimp and the caterpillar roll.  All were super tasty! I love that they roll some of their rolls (the "crispy" ones) in panko crumbs - you seriously have to try one.  I think we may have ordered the same rolls last time because they're just that good! Last time we went I enjoyed the Spicy Korean Beef dish SO MUCH that it was really difficult for me to try something new this time.  I made a last minute decision to try the TanTan-Men Ramen dish which is a "Sichuan Style Very Spicy Noodle Soup with Minced Pork."  I was worried about the "very spicy" part only because I'm not usually that tough when it comes to Asian spices.  However, since the Spicy Korean Beef had been that perfect amount of spicy - the kind that makes your lips numb but isn't painful - I decided to be brave.  I am not kidding you - this is the best Asian dish I've ever eaten!!!  Don't get me wrong, kids - it's SPICY.  My lips were numb, my tongue was tingly and my nose got a little runny.  At one point I may have told The Boy my stomach was on fire.  But I loved every minute of it!  And the best part is they gave me an enormous bowl full - so I had plenty to take home for a second round of yumminess!The Boy has ordered the Pad Thai and Hakata Ramen - both tasty, but neither as tasty as my dishes! :) :)In short - HA too late - DEFINITELY try  CherryBlossom Noodle Cafe.  Especially if you like spicy food. :) :)
4	Our go to take out in Phoenix. The TanTan-Men ramen is delicious!! Nice and spicy. The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable.
2	I don't get what people like about this place. It's generally crowded with rushed service and the food has yet to impress. I've tried at least twice -- maybe I'm ordering wrong but I really just don't get it...
4	I first came to this restaurant with my dad and his wife a few years ago. She is from Japan and my dad works with a lot of Japanese executives and they both said that whenever friends come from Japan, this is where they go. Cherry Blossom is a very different and authentic restaurant. If you haven't tried it I definitely reccommend it. I have had noodles before and most recently tried the curry and both were great. My husband had the pad thai and enjoyed it as well. They also have some italian noodle dishes if you have picky eaters with you!
2	We saw great reviews on Yelp and decided to try this place out. It looked a little iffy with its strip mall location but we decided to throw caution to the wind. After sitting down our drink order was promptly taken and filled. After waiting a while (a bit too long), our order was taken. While we were exact in our order, the waiter fumbled and made mistake. We called the mistake to the waiter's attention and he said that this would be taken off the bill. It was not. The sushi was C grade. Passable but not anything I would return for. Our order came with a green salad that resembled bagged salad. The miso soup had iceberg lettuce in it. Quite surprising and added nothing spectacular to the dish. My ramen was poorly executed, with undercooked noodles and only a few pieces of meat floating in it. I was really disappointed as I have had really great ramen at a handful of other restaurants around the country. I was looking forward to this japanese staple, but sadly left most of it in my bowl. I find it odd that this restaurant serves both italian and japanese food, Maybe if they focused on one type of food the flavor and presentation would improve. We will not be returning.
4	love love love this place. a word to the wise, be careful when ordering take out... they tend to miss a few things due to the noise when calling in. double check your order, otherwise - it's a great hidden food spot!
5	Always wonderful food!
1	What happened to this place. I have not been here like a year, and everything went down the hill. No more banana breadFirst, Bad Service. We stood up for 5 minutes in front of main door while inside was not crowded. Waiter did not bring us a bread. i had to ask twice. Order was slow. I saw our food waited in the counter at least 10 minutes. I was ready to go and pick it up.Sushi quality was bad. Yakisoba noodle was burned.Well, I used to go this place alot, but I will never go back again. What happened to Japanese culture - Being fast , efficent and respectful ?I will never come back, there are lots of nice places in nort phoenix. just go check it out like Tokyo lobby, yen sushi. It will worth a drive, and SAYANORA Cherry Blossom
3	I kind of really miss good Asian since I've moved to AZ.  When we went to this place, I was excited about digging my chopsticks into a nice bowl of ramen but what we got instead was anticlimactic.  Sigh... so much potential but it fell a little short.   Having said that, it tasted ok.  I can see myself coming back since it will definitely satisfy my cravings until my next visit back to LA but unfortunately,  it won't be one of the top places on my list.
4	It took me over a year and then allowed my wife to convince me to give it a try again. Completely improved experience. I have been there about five times in the last 5 weeks and am happy to say that the service here is vastly improved in every way. I have not seen the incompetent server that ruined my last experience here but the servers we have since then had have all been perfect. Keep it up Cherry Blossom and I'll keep coming back!
5	ever hear of a restaurant where you can order sushi, soft shell crabs and then finish it off with a delicious version of pasta bolongense or spicy korean beef with noodles? that's right--somehow the kitchen has pulled off a restaurant menu that offers the best of asian  and italian dishes. i have been here numerous times and have had just about everything on the extensive menu. it's great for lunch or dinner. everything is made from scratch so you may be frustrated if sometimes the entree proceeds the appetizer.  it's one of the quirks of dining here.  so the food might take longer or shorter to arrive at your table than you thought it would. one waiter, i think his name is yoshi, has worked there for a long time. and is extremely competent and friendly and will do his best to make sure your experience is second to none. again. having a senior moment here, his name may be a bit different. i will update this next time if he has a different name. lol.  it used to just a hidden neighborhood restaurant, but has now turned into a regional gem.  enjoy!
5	It is my favorite Japanese ramen restaurant. It is small but clean. Lunch ramen combo is really good. You get a bowl or ramen and several pieces of California rolls. Their ramen is really delicious. My wife always order a chicken katsu and she loves it. The only complain for me is the ramen is bit small for me. I wish they have a bigger size. But still very yummy and I love it. Strongly recommend!
5	Best authentic Japanese restaurant in town for udon and katsu! Does not get better than this in Arizona!
5	Amazing chicken parm. I was told by my Brother i need to try it. I was hesitant at first because its a Japanese rest. It is fantastic. I have ordered it 2-3 times a week for past month. I am as picky as they get with Italian food. Good Italian food. Was born and raised in NYC and found this to be some of the best chicken parm in AZ. Portion is filling especially for $12.
2	Been here a handful of times throughout  the years.Last night was my most recent visit. I was in the mood for noodles something..we started off with the app of potstickers in an extremely spicy broth. Holy crap this is extremely spicy hence the name of the dish. I ordered a beef udon dish with veggies and udon.. it was okay.husband had chicken parm. Shocker! prob wont be back for awhile spent $40 bux and had better at YC's Mongolian today : )
4	Ordered out here today and was very pleased with the food. I got the Iron Pot (Nabeykai Udon) and it was tasty although I would have liked more vegetables. It had TONS of seafood. The pot stickers were yummy. Perfect flavor and perfectly cooked. How'd I not know about this place?! I can't wait to try it again!
5	CherryBlossom Noodle Cafe is a charming little restaurant located in Central Phoenix. The prices are reasonable and the food is delicious. They serve both Asian and Italian cuisine here but I haven't had the balls to order anything from the Italian menu. The last time I ate here with my boyfriend we ordered a spicy tuna roll, spicy pot stickers, and Korean spicy beef with noodles. Service was great and everything we ordered exceeded our expectations. Our bill was less than $30 including drinks! This is my favorite Asian restaurant to eat at because of the variety and the quality of the food.
5	We loved this place! It's definitely a hidden gem. Service was awesome, food was phenomenal, and prices were reasonable. The waiter was very pleasant and gave great suggestions. We will be back!
5	Food is excellent, service is good, and the prices can't be beat. I had a Vegas roll, and the tempura-fried batter was perfectly light and crispy. The Jap-Chae appetizer (thinly sliced beef with carrots, mushrooms, and spinach over potato noodles in a sweet and savory sauce) was delicious and an amazing deal. Yakisoba with seafood - portion was huge, seafood was perfectly cooked, and the dish was tastefully seasoned. These 3 dishes and 2 alcoholic beverages only set us back $40 (plus tip - which was well-deserved). We will definitely be returning!
4	great family run Noodle place, lots of  choices and friendly wait staff.  GREAT happy hour Sushi and prices !  HUGH Noodle bowls to share , really enjoyed the Char Shu Asian noodles really  tasty  !   I WILL be back for sure,,,  along with the several others , this place was packed for dinner !     don't forget to try the desert, had the sweet  chestnut cake .... yum  !
4	Nice little surprise!  Truly enjoyed the Sushi and noodles.  The staff were also very warm and welcoming.
3	I had the beef udon soup lunch special. Food was ok for the price. Lunch special came with typical cali roll, and the udon soup was ok in portion, the broth is pretty flavorful. I was not totally happy with the service my waiter provided. Not once did he stop by to ask if my food turned out ok or if I need anything else. When I finished my meal, he asked if I wanted dessert, so I asked what they have, he pointed a few items out in the display case and walked away. I had decided to try one of them, but instead of asking what I have decided for dessert, he came back with the check. I was turned off by his lack of service, and decided not to get the dessert and just pay and leave.There are so many items on the menu, it was hard to pick. So, I think I will give it another try. But probably will make sure I am not seated to the same waiter again.
5	Coming from LA where you could throw a penny and hit at least 10 different great Asian restaurants, Phoenix is the complete opposite. With little options for a great dining experience with delicious food, it's great that this place exists. Traditional Japanese ramen, Yakisoba and udon dishes. Great sushi rolls and more. And if Japanese is not your thing, then try their Italian dishes. This is a noodle shop, so of course you can't leave out Italian dishes. Their customer service is excellent too!
4	Even though we make most of our meals at home, this place is a regular stop for me and my wife. We like to introduce friends now and then. There is an amazing amount of variety on their menu, and it's always good. We now have our favorite dishes and get one favorite and something new each time we go. We eat here at least twice a month.Cherry Blossom has become one of our comfort-food places. Comparing to other specialty places in phoenix, their costs are good. They have good saki, miso, and other favorites.
5	I have been to this noodle cafe many times and love love their Ramen. Their TanTanMen is very good and very hot. I like their Shrimp Shumai too.  The sushi is OK but I don't go there for that.
3	I'll follow the half star theme and say 3.5. I had the nagiri sara something or other. It tasted like cantonese chow mein kind of. It  was quite good. The waitress said it was very popular. The friend had his "usual" of hakata ramen (the lucky guy lives right across the street). The staff is some of the nicest hosts/waitresses I have ever met. Very complementary, accomodating, did not rush, and they were great about splitting up the check at the front. I would love to try some of their other options. Reasonably priced as well which does not hurt.
4	Good sushi, good noodles, good prices good times. So do you want Javanese food? Chinese like dishes, or Italian. Yes they have all three however we stuck tot the asain theme this time.We started out with a sushi roll,  Spicy tuna with Avacado ~$6. It was fresh well prepared and tasty. The on to the Kake noodles, a nice broth with fat udon noodles and clumps of spinach for $5 a real bargain and fun to eat.For dinner we had the Ahi rice plate, A sliced ahi steak over brown rice with a side of mushroom sauce. The quality was decent for 11.50 its not sashimi grade but its good.We also had the tofu steak, which is just large cubes to fried tofu with sauce and rice $8.50. I could have lived with out this.Service is fast and friendly, meals come with bread and a sweet cookie. Stop in give it a try its cheap nice and tasty.
5	Went there a long times ago. Great noodle place. I will go again soon~
2	Hmm...I wouldn't say this is the best meal I've ever had and paying $30 for a mediocre meal isn't my idea of a good time. The night started with a socially awkward waiter, who wasn't a bad server exactly, but it just made the mid-meal interruptions more noticeable.I got some pad thai and the best thing was the sauce. I can say I thought it was pretty decent, but the rest was meh.. The chicken was dry, the tofu was more chewy than tofu should be....but the worst part! is that my noodles were not good!! It's a NOODLE cafe! Might be for some people, but it's not for me.
5	I'm only reviewing the pork ramen.IT'S AWESOME!!!!I should try something else, but can't move past the ramen.  I lurves it so much.  Fantastic flavor, yummy mushrooms and tons of noodles.
5	I wasn't so sure about going to this place, but turns out that it was well worth the drive. When I went the place was packed. Despite the sheer amount of people, there was room for parking and the service was still pretty fast. The dining room is rather small, but they manage to fit quite a few people in there. The decor is nice and subtle. Even though it was busy, the hot tea came out hot, as did our food. They gave us a basket of rolls to eat while we waited which were warm and soft. I had the Hakata Ramen. It was awesome. There is enough in the bowl to make two meals of it. If you prefer large amounts of meat in your ramen, I recommend getting the 'extra pork' version, as the Hakata only has a few slices in it. The broth was flavorful and the noodles were very soft. As I looked around the packed room, I could see other people's plates- and everything looked pretty darned good- I wish I could have eaten more. I'll definitely be going back.
4	Noodles, sushi, sake, and other fare; all done quite well without insulting your fiscal sensibilities.  The restaurant and kitchen are well staffed, service is prompt and courteous, the atmosphere is small, subtle, and somewhat intimate.  I appreciate that they aren't afraid to spice things up - may I suggest the tantan-men?  Overall, a great place for noodle lovers like myself.  From my experience, the attention to the cuisine may suffer just slightly on a busy weekend evening. Try this place on a slower weeknight an it may improve your first impression.
4	Myself and four others sat down for a tearful farewell dinner.  I had recommended coming to this place since everyone wanted to dress up in Japanese street fashion.  So viola~  Back to the good old Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe!I had started off with the Calpico Beer.  I don't know why I had such high expectations because it tasted EXACTLY like it sounds.  If you want to add some yogurt drink to your Kirin's, this drink is for you!  Anyways, I had ordered the Unagi rice plate.  I love sitting down to a bento full of succulent grilled eel on top of a bed of brown rice --- that's exactly what I got!  Minus having cabbage/lettuce in my miso, which I found incredibly odd, I'm docking one star only because service was mediocre on a night when it wasn't too busy!
2	I had the Yakisoba and my girlfriend got some salmon special. Mine was so-so but her fish looked like it had been cooked on a greasy hot plate and apparently tasted bad also. What she ordered came in a box with a bunch of other pretty terrible things I cant recall since it has been a year. The salad was ok for a side salad and the sushi was about as good as store bought. The service was nice and helpful and the place is a little divey to me but could be described as quaint by some. I see some other recommendations but I doubt I go back with so many higher caliber dining places with all around great food so close by. The pricing was right around the price I would spend for much better even then. To each his own I suppose but I know two people that weren't pleasantly surprised.
5	This place is exceptional. I ordered togo from here and the gentleman who took my order was very through and he even gave me a free miso soup. The finer details are what matters. When I picked up my togo order, the person who took my order asked me to have a seat at a table while I waited and he offered me some water which came in a plastic cup, a lid and a straw so I could take it with me. Thoughtful. He also asked me what kind of sauce I wanted on my Grilled Salmon and packed that in there for me. He later asks me what kind of utensils I wanted in there. Wow, such customer service. All this I experienced in 5 minutes of being here.From the looks of it, it looks like it may have been an Italian restaurant at some point because of the antique decor and brick walls. Usually there's Japanese posters, Japanese bamboo art, Japanese lanterns, but this place didn't have all of that, which isn't a bad thing, it's just something I noticed. I took a look around while I got my food and it looks like it's Japanese owned(+most are not) because I heard some of the sushi chefs and possibly the owner conversing in Japanese. It was fairly populated for it being 8:30PM. The place settings included a plate and a black cloth napkin rolled up with utensils inside. This is unusual for a Japanese place because most Japanese places will give you a paper napkin and a wooden chopstick that you throw away afterwards. There's also a sushi bar for those who like to eat their sushi right away. The Grilled Salmon itself was a bit dry, maybe a bit overcooked to my liking but it went well with my ginger sauce. I also ordered some nigri and a tuna roll which turned out to be decent as well. I would come back here again and I see why this place is such a hit. I wanted to review anything but the ramen only because I see a lot of reviews on the ramen here. Next time.Located across the street from 'Just Blaze' ( a smoke shop) and apartment complexes. Accepts AmEx.
4	I have one thing to say: Iron Pot.This soup is AWESOME! It has everything in it and is absolutely delicious. I think it's like 9 bucks and is impossible to finish. What a deal!Other than the Iron Pot, they also have some interesting sushi rolls. It's nice to find a place that has creative rolls rather than the usual.Highly recommended. ALSO - you may want to make a reservation on Friday or Saturday night, this place can get packed quickly.
5	We are from San Francisco visiting and a friend recommended this place.  It was awesome.  The tempura was the best.  I loved  the chicken Marsala pasta.  It was weird to find Japanese and Italian in one place,but it works.  Don't forget to try desert.  We had chocolate cake and strawberry cake.  They were so light.  We went back for dinner again the next day to try the salmon spinach pasta and some of the sushi rolls.  The service was attentive even though the place was packed.  I look forward to coming here whenever we are in Az.
4	We just had a birthday party last night at the restaurant. It was a great experience. The services is very good and the waiters are really nice. It's a cozy place to have party with 20+ people. We pretty much take over 80% of the space. The sushi is just as good as any other good Japanese restaurant. However, the sea food noodle soup I ordered is a little too salty. They also offer diner roll and Thai foods, which is unusual in the Japanese restaurant. I can tell they work really hard to fill up 20+ hungry party animals. I was too full to have the dessert. Their frozen chocolate cake looks very delicious. I will visit again without the entire party.
5	A friend suggested this place for lunch the other day and since I had never heard of it I said sure.  We walked in and he walked us over to the bar and we sat ourselves there.  We were warmly greeted by a smiling asian lady, and given menus.  We both decided on the Cha-shu (ramen soup with BBQ Pork)  I told her that I was allergic to Sesame, and she was very responsive to my needs and immedeatly told the cooks about my allergy.  Great food...great service and she even gave me a to-go cup for my iced tea....what service....I will be going back here a lot in the future.
5	I absolutely adore this place! The food there is just exceptional! My favorites are the beef (and chicken) cold noodle and tuna bowl. I have to say this place serves the most tasty cold noodles that I haven't had in years! The tuna bowl is also my favorite. I recommend the sushi rice when order this dish. The tuna is fresh and the rice is very flavorful. The sushi and Udon there are also very good. I strongly recommend this place as it has the best Japanese food in town.
2	Weird...I expected this to be a Japanese restaurant and had been wanting to try it. I've driven past a million times and kept thinking to try noodles. So I walked in and BAM! Italian decor? WTH was going on.This restaurant has zero sense of identity, but decent food.They don't really know what a vegetarian is, in spite of actually having some decent adaptable vegetarian entrees. We asked our waitress and she said, "WELL WE HAVE SALADS!" -_- They need to educate the staff on the menu for situations like these, whether the person is gluten-free, vegan, or vegetarian. So, I managed to work with Miss Clueless, and customized the pad thai - it was delicious! Honestly, I probably won't be going back. I could definitely find better Thai dishes, and can buy many of the noodles myself. It wasn't bad, just wasn't special.
2	Boy, I don't know.  I went alone at around 3:00 in the afternoon on a Wednesday.  I was famished and didn't want to search the area for a place to grab a bite so I gave the place a try.I ordered the chicken pad tai - thinking it would be a safe bet.  Honestly, it tasted like the cook was trying to get rid of some leftover food from the lunch hour.  I did like the crunchy bean sprouts - the only thing that gave the dish any texture at all.  Mixed in were the asian style noodles I expected and also spagetti.  They were both like mush from overcooking.  Though I ordered chicken, I found very little but there was loads of tofu in the dish which I wasn't expecting.  Also - the food was very bland.  Not a hint of kick to it at all.  I may have just come at a bad time, but I don't think I'll go back.
4	Awesome sushi! Love this place!
5	An unusual combination of Asian and seafood/Italian pasta, but it works!  Small, cramped restaurant which apparently is always busy - which I can understand. This is a small neighborhood restaurant, which has been around for quite a while. But the service was pretty good considering the crowd. I did have to ask a few times for water, and one person in our group had to wait longer for her entree than the rest of us. But, oh my, the food was DELICIOUS!  I had the Cajun soft shell crab appetizer, and the Calamari/Garlic/Anchovy/Marinara pasta, both were yummy. I also had a taste of my friend's Nabeyaki Udon noodle soup - full flavored, full of mixed seafood.I finished with the blueberry cheesecake - not your typical cheesecake, it was a baked cake with layers of cheese, graham crackers, and blueberries, topped with a bit of whipped cream.  I will DEFINITELY be going back.
4	My friend who lives in Phoenix told me that finding really good asian food is a difficult task.  While I was visiting she told me she finally found a great Japanese restaurant. We went over the weekend and I must agree that it was up to par and I grew up eating authentic Japanese food at home.The have a very good happy hour Monday thru Friday from 3 to 6pm. The rolls and a few dishes along with alcohol are priced anywhere from $2-$5. I suggest you get there early. We got there around 5:15 and had an hour wait. We didn't make it for happy hour so we ordered off the regular menu.  I had hot Soba (buckwheat noodle) soup and Tofu Salad. The Soba soup was very good, I would skip the tofu salad next time, there wasn't anything special about it.   We also shared the Alaskan roll which comprised of cooked salmon, crab, cucumber and avocado. It was really good. For those of you who have never had Japanese style Italian food, it's quite a treat. If you can imagine Italian pasta with a twist such as soy sauce flavor, etc., it's something everyone who enjoy Japanese flavors should check out.We also noticed the dessert counter and decided to order a few things to go.  I got the strawberry shortcake - which is a very popular dessert in Japan and they made it perfectly.  Pound cake type sponge, fresh strawberry, light cream and overall not too sweet. My friend tried the chocolate tart and it was soooooooooooooooo good!Check it out if you live in the area!
3	Pretty good!  No complaints but nothing special.  The service was good, the place is clean with nice decor.  What they lacked in Japanese fare variety they made up for with ... Italian food?  Yes, there's a section for Italian food on the menu.  All very eclectic but I was there for a good sushi roll, their offering of which was paltry,  Even the standard "Dragon Roll" was missing.  All-in-all it was pretty good and in the right situation I would go back again--I just wouldn't necessarily seek the place out.
2	This is nothing disparaging about the food. The food is quite tasty and exceptional. However, the service was less than stellar. I waited 10 minutes for my dessert and another 15-20 for my check, and my water was not refilled once. It was impossible to get anyone's attention to get service which is enough to put me off and not want to come back. Personally, I don't pay good money to wait on a server, I pay to get waited on. That may make me a snot but it's what I expect when I go to a restaurant.
5	Oh CherryBlossom, where have you been my whole life!?? Discovered this spot by looking for restaurants nearby my workplace. Checked it out online, seemed decent enough. Loved the feeling upon walking, very "homely" an authentic. I was confused by the italian/asian menu, but intrigued as well. Should I mentioned I've been 3 times since I first went there only 1 week ago? I've ordered their bento box (which changes daily), a steal at only $10! I've had their sushi twice. Everything is very cheap and VERY tasty. Servers are very friendly and pretty quick. In and out in 45 minutes during lunch. I think I will be frequenting this place very often.
5	(The continuing story of a yelp-loving couple seeking great locally owned joints, friendly service and a comfortable atmosphere for playing Magic the Gathering...)Just asked my husband what he thought of this place..."Just absolutely terrific.  Wonderful dishes, fantastic service, perfect place to play cards with enough room when food is served.  Atmosphere makes you feel not at all out of place.  I swear, they have such a great combination of food."Wow...this place has amazing food!  We hit them up for an early dinner Saturday so it was not crowded.  Tried Friday night and the 45 min wait had us reluctantly leaving and randomly trying out MOTO (SOOO disappointed with them - horrid!  Anyways...).  We had...- Green Tea w/ Milk (Yummy!)- Double Shrimp Crunchy Roll (Lovely presentation and crunch!)- Seafood Au Gratin (DH is in LOVE.  Said it was totally decadent, rich and packed full of seafood goodness! Best seafood dish he has ever had)- Chicken Yakisoba (Yeah, real yakisoba!  I could cry.  Delicioso!)I found it amusing that at one point half the staff was speaking Japanese, the other half Spanish and they were dishing out both Japanese and Italian dishes!  Very cool.  Our server was a phenom.  Next time we WILL try a dessert but honestly we were STUFFED and both only ate half our main dishes and got them to go (bonus)! This is our new "goto" Japanese joint.  And I will definitely give the Italian dishes a try soon.   MTG Score: DH 0 / Me 3
5	i am SO glad we decided to try this place on a sunday night!  they were a bit busy and there was about a 15 minute wait-but it was well worth it. the service was amazing, the sushi was awesome, and my yakisoba with tofu was so yummy. portion size is great-plenty of leftovers. will be returning there very shortly!
2	When a waiter takes an order by memory, his accuracy must be 100% or he opens himself up to criticism.Guess what?He forgot an entree. There were just 2 of us and 4 dishes between us.  He apologized after delivering the dish about 20 mins after the others came, telling us the kitchen was backed up. If that was the case, why were the other dishes on time and why did he act surprised when we reminded him of our missing dish? Just own up to it! Btw, he ended up comping the dish.Portions were not huge, so take advantage of the low prices and double up on your orders!
4	Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe may look like it has an identity crisis, but I think it's just their way of Asian & Italian Fusion. While most of the menu items are Asian, there were a page full of Italian pastas. The menu had noodles from all varieties of cultures and even some rice dishes and sushi, while their decor was Italian more than anything else. Oh yeah, not to mention that their restroom was French...It was a drizzly day in Phoenix. The storm from California was heading east so I was in a ramen mood. Although Cherry Blossom was a little out of the way from where I was staying, I still went the distance to get my fix. They had about 5 different kinds of ramen and I was about to get the Harata Ramen until I saw the word "spicy" next to Tan-Tan-Men. I love me some spice so I went with Tan-Tan. My appetite also pushed me to get a Tootsie Roll. My boyfriend decided to go with the Gomoku Yaki Udon. The server brought out a complimentary salad and not too long later came our Tootsie Roll and noodle dishes. The Tootsie Roll was good, but it definitely wasn't the best quality. As for my Tan-Tan_Men, the bowl and its contents were huge. I was so excited to eat even though I knew I wouldn't finish it. As for the taste of the broth, it was spicy, even for me. I usually pride myself on being able to take on a lot of spice, but the fact that it was spicy mixed with the heat of the boiling broth made it even more intense. I even choked on it at one point, but as I kept eating it got more tolerable. It was tasty, but if I were to ever try their ramen again, I'd probably go with another one. The Gomoku Yaki Udon was very bland. It had a generous amount of seafood, but not worth getting. The dishes may be hit or miss, but for under $7, my ramen was huge. I've been to places that give me less than half of the portion size for double the price. It wasn't the best I've had, but it was good enough to satisfy my ramen fix. The servers were very friendly and efficient. I wish I lived nearby to try more of their dishes.
5	I'm in love. This cute little cafe is hidden in an equally small shopping strip mall. Parking is hard to come by if visiting at peek eating times.  My husband brought me here for the Ramen. Noodles are a comfort food to me and I was stressed out about an interview. The food was fantastic! The waitstaff was friendly and bustling everywhere. The ramen is perfect! I'm pretty sure that the only way to get better ramen is to be in Japan. My husband had a traditional bowl and I went for a spicier version with wider noodles. We also added a spicy tuna roll (large enough for two) and a plate of pot stickers. Everything came out fresh and hot, there was both silverware and chopsticks available (for which I'm grateful....I'm still learning to handle chopsticks), and even with the snug seating arrangement (I could have reached over and snag food off my neighbors table) it never felt rushed or uncomfortable. Also, this cafe is one of those strange combination fusion restaurants. They've combined Japanese with Italian. We didn't try any of the Italian food, being there strictly for the ramen, but the place was bursting with people ordering huge plates of noodles with red sauce. If this place were closer to my home, I'd have to make a special budget item for eating there regularly.
5	I love this place! It's where I first discovered my love of sushi, I had eaten sushi before, but nothing quite as amazing as the Vegas roll I had here, and I am OBSESSED with it, it is the best I have ever had. also the ramen here is delicious. I recommend getting a big bowl of the Hakata.
4	Loved the feel of this place. I had Suki Udon and was blown away! So good and so much food. My son had a just OK pasta dish and spent most of the time eating my soup. Even with both of us chowing down, we still took some leftovers home. The dumplings were good, but not great. We'll be back for sure to try more dishes. A!
5	The tempura orange roughy has ruined me on all other food. It was possibly the most delicious thing I have ever had. The coating was crunchy, but not rough and the sauce it came in was rich and delicious! My husband is constantly dragging me to Chinese places that serve mediocre noddle dishes with so much salt, I can barely finish them, but this was a pleasant surprise! The atmosphere was lovely and the green tea ice cream was amazing! Cannot wait to go back. Oh yeah, it's incredibly reasonable for the food your getting. We couldn't believe how little we paid for such fantastic food!
1	This place made me wanna start a bad-food-diet! Ok. Maybe I should start a little more positive.This place has decent ambience. That's about it. The restaurant staff that I encountered was non-friendly, non-welcomy, and probably non-existent!The biggest offense is the food! I cannot believe so many other reviews were soooo positive. I came in a little late (9:15 p.m.) and that may have rubbed the waiting staff wrong, but there were 2 other parties that came in after me.Going back to the food. I ordered Miso Ramen and an addition of cha-shu (pork), and a side of Agedashi Tofu. 1. The Miso ramen came with a slice of salmon.  Really? Salmon??? It was not the best combination to say the least. Miso?? There was hardly any miso in the soup. It was so diluted, I almost had to imagine the taste of miso. BTW, the cha-shu was like left-over and an after-thought added to the ramen. I am guessing the owner is trying to pull a fast one.  2. Agedashi Tofu. This is a freaking joke. An insult to the patron of the restaurant. Really!! How lazy can this restaurant get! Essentially a silken tofu deep fried with some dashi-based sauce. What did I get? A re-fried chinese firm tofu which was probably microwaved with a bunch of undercook or recooked vegetable tempura. The sauce? Dilluted straight from the bottle tempura sauce!3. Iced Green Tea. This one is not as bad as some other Asian fusion restaurant. They actually used a decent roasted green tea with a hint of roast barley.  Unfortunately, it is so very dilluted.  The guy from the next table was complaining that he was drinking water!I also saw something not very nice; a waiter recycling butter from a table.  I know it is sealed but, really??? in front of customers?This place really cut corners in terms of food and service. Benefit of doubt? Maybe, since I tried this place only once, but once is enough for me. I saw 2 sushi rolls ordered by a couple that came in after myself. Not impressed at all.Bottom-line, lazy effort at best. Worst case scenario, cheap food costing big bucks giving patrons food-poisoning from re-using left-overs!
4	This place was AWESOME!!!  My wife and I have been driving by this location for a couple years and finally decided to go in, I had a yearning for Ramen.  It did not disappoint.  We got there just before happy hour, which is always a bonus, but would still go outside of happy hour.  The menu is quite extensive, the bonus is they have Italian noodle dishes as well.  We have been told that this is authentic to Japan so I was impressed to see this in the valley, having been to many "Japanese" restaurants.We decided to try many different dishes, and were equally impressed with all.  I had the TanTan-Men, a spicy Ramen with pork, delicious.  We shared some tuna sashimi, which was fresh and tasty (looked like real pink, no added color).  We also shared the Seafood Delight roll, which has tuna, 'krab' and is topped with a scallop, fantastic.  The last thing we ordered were the Spicy Korean Ribs, this was my least favorite, but still good.  Of course the Kirin (on draft) was flowing as well as the house Saki.Overall the CherryBlossom Noodle Cafe impressed us to say the least.  We will be back to try more.  Thank you CherryBlossom, keep up the Great Work.
4	3.5 stars, but I've rounded up.  I've been coming here for years...and I keep coming back.  Its known for the noodles and I'd recommend the ramen (nothing like the packaged stuff you get for 20 cents, and you'd stock up and eat three times a day as a starving student).  I also love the udon noodles. If you're more of a rice person, the unagi (freshwater eel) rice box is my husband's favorite.  But a recent price jump in the price (it used to be 11, and now is 17) is making him change his mind about what to order.  The sushi is decent, but this is not a sushi house, so keep that in mind.The complimentary bread is awesome (although they don't give banana bread anymore, and that really was my favorite).  Lastly, as others have said the service isn't the best.  It's a bit slow, and they're always very crowded.  But take your time and enjoy the company you're with and you'll be fine!
5	This place was awesome! We ordered 5 different things and loved them all except one! Great atmosphere, awesome service and friendly people. We had the hot pot, lettuce wraps, some short ribs (dont remember the dish title) ramen and marsala (this is the one we didnt care for) Interesting unique flavors. Also, very inexpensive! We ate like kings and only spent about $30
3	I'm confused! We went for the sushi and ramen, however, the people next to us were having spaghetti and italian! Needless to say, they have a wide variety menu.  The sushi was ok and the ramen was decent.  It was just weird to get served warm rolls and butter before my spicy tuna roll came out.  I've had better sushi and ramen (not in Phoenix yet but this was my first shot) in so cal so I'll have to update when I venture to another sushi place in town.  Service was good.
5	This place is amazing for so many reasons!!!!!!  Lets start with their customer service and attention to detail!  We had our to go order and our left overs and we are on the way out and our waitress checks our bag and says "hold on part of it is missing" WOW!  I gotta say that hasn't ever happened to me in any restaurant!  I would have been home and then realized I was missing something and then had to go back!Also for all my veggie friends...this place has some amazing options for us.  I gotta say I haven't enjoyed a meal as much as this place in a VERY long time and their excellent customer service is the icing on the cake.The best part however is hearing tourists say "HEY THAT WAS CONNIE CHUNG" I corrected them and said "Do you mean Lin Sue Cooney?" it was good for a laugh but you just never know who you will see here!  it is AMAZING!  GO!!!!
5	If you love good food, & the whole in the wall authentic experience is your thing than this is the place for you...
3	Noodle Cafe is a restaurant whose identity is such that if you are a food in a culture that values noodles you can enjoy a meal. So you can order Italian or Asian food. They also have Sushi if that's your thing but I have no opinion on how that would taste since I don't indulge. I have eaten here many times in the past and have always liked the food (especially the Thai Beef Salad) and the price.Today I realized I had not been in a few years so I took an out of town friend here who loves ethnic food. I made the mistake to do a weekday lunch during normal lunch time. I think that  might have been the first time I did that and probably my last. (live and learn I guess)   The food was just OK, not great, not bad. They usually have unique and wonderfully tasty desserts but the carrot cake was just average. Maybe they had run out of their cool tarts and ethic fun treats. In the past they had always given out their wonderfully delicious banana bread free with their bread baskets( worth the trip alone) but not today. I did get their little cinnamon toasts though. YEAH!) My Chicken Slaw Salad was fine, good, but again not great. So I guess I am not sure if they have changed the way they do things or maybe it was just an off day. I just wasn't as wowed as I used to be and the place was ridiculously packed.    The thing that always gets to me in an annoying way here is how surprisingly bad the service is. It has always been terrible and continues to be so. Sad. I waited ten minutes to even be acknowledged when I walked through the door. The food service wasn't great either. They have always needed more help so it confused me when they expanded several years back. I see they still don't get it. If you are a busy, popular establishment please staff accordingly.     If you want to try dining here there are still some positives. I would just go off hours and somehow get them to give you a slice of their Banana Bread. lol! The lunch specials were rather cheap actually so that's another positive, but be prepared to be in a cramped and crowded restaurant.
4	I have been going to Cherry Blossom ever since I was little and I keep coming back. I am a very picky eater so any place that can make me want to come back is worth at least 3.5 stars to me. Cherry Blossom seems to have a bit of an identity crisis though because while it is known for its Japanese food, especially the noodles, they sell Italian food as well for the people who are not as adventurous with their meal choices. If it were up to me, I would get rid of the Italian and stick to what they do best: Japanese. Every time I go to Cherry Blossom, I find myself reviewing the menu for the millionth time but returning to my home-base anyways: the veggie tan udon. For those of you less versed in Japanese cuisine, vegi tan udon is a bowl of udon noodles with vegetable tempura in it. Another thing that keeps me coming back though is that there are numerous vegan and vegetarian choices which is great for a vegetarian like me. My last note is that the service is phenomenal almost every time, with the exception of only one waiter that I really dislike. He is extremely dense and not very knowledgeable about the food on the menu, not to mention hard to get along with. He is the only reason that Cherry Blossom doesn't get five stars from me.
4	My dad wanted to go here for Father's Day, and I hadn't been before...ended up being me, my boyfriend, my brother and my dad, my boyfriend being the only one who had been here before (yet was ambiguously unhelpful regarding the menu and how good it was). I had the Rei-Shabu (rare sliced beef on cold noodles), Dad had pad thai, the brother had pork katsu, and boyfriend had hakata (pork ramen). We started with some appetizers...summer rolls, the boys had a spider roll, and we had an order of the Cajun soft-shell crab. My beef and noodles were delicious, not as rare as I had expected (this was a good thing, I was a little nervous after I ordered it), the summer rolls were good, but the Cajun soft-shell crab was AMAZING. My dad is from Boston and eats a lot of seafood and we eat a lottttt of crab and this was one of the better places in Phoenix I've had soft-shell crab. It wasn't overly fried like some places (ahem, RA) and the Cajun seasoning was amazing, along with the dipping sauce (I ended up pouring the leftover sauce over my noodles - YUM)...if you are a fan of crab, you have to try it! Overall, everything was great, everyone loved their food, decent prices and something for everyone (next time we might try the Italian items...interesting mix of food at this place!).
5	I've never tried the Sushi here, but the Katsu Don (Pork Cutlet Bowl) and Sansai Udon are exquisite!  I was born and raised in Japan, and this is so far the only Japanese restaurant that I've been to which serves essentially the same dishes as in Japan.  I've seen some complaints in price hikes such as the Unagi (fresh water eel), but the market price has gone up in the last several years by 60-70%, so it's not their fault.Service is usually pretty good, but it can get pretty busy on some evenings.  Luckily, they have some complimentary bread rolls and mini-cinnamon toasts.  It's not enough to spoil your appetite, but it's something to nibble on until your food arrives.Basically, it's the only Japanese restaurant that I go to, because I know I can get good, satisfying food for a good price.
4	A ad on a the Middle East radio forum reminded me about this hidden little place.I stopped in for lunch and the options were quite unique. I had a miso base ramen with salmon in it. What a great combo for 6.95 The miso was light and the noodles were firm the salmon was poached in the broth and full of salmon flavor. The meal came with bread and a few sweet things not a match but good non the less.Good food wide variety give it a try.
4	Great food and my water glass was always full.  I loved the tofu noodles and I usually don't like that kind of thing.
2	The sever forgot about us and my katsu curry tasted like meat gravy. What a waste of my precious hard earned money.
5	love the cold soba noodles
5	By far the best Asian fusion I have ever had! Staff is incredibly friendly, welcoming, and polite.Over all other businesses in the Valley, I recommend this one. Go here! You will not be disappointed.
3	This was a bit of a disappointment. Sushi rice was way too sweet, and the pasta was overcooked. Overall food was ok but worse than I had expected given the 4 star rating and seemingly authentic menu.
3	This place was recommended to me by a highly respected co-worker who really knows your food. I was looking forward to trying the Bento Box because it seemed like a good deal for only $10. It's really busy at lunch time but they have a decent lunchtime menu. Sadly, we were seated and had our drink order taken, but no one approached to take our order for another 25 minutes. Our waiter kept telling us he'd be back in 2 minutes but eventually we had to flag down a different waiter just to take our order. On the flipside, he gave our table comp. adamame and eel sauce, no charge to make up for our wait. We received our food promptly after that. I was impressed with how much you get on the Bento Box. The salad had like an ounce of dressing on it so that wasn't all the great. The rice stuck together and the steak had a little bit too much fat still on it. The sushi was great and I liked the soup too. The best part was the eel sauce everthing could be dipped in.I was so pretty bummed at the service, but I understood it was the lunchtime rush and the place was filled. Probably won't be going back soon though.
1	Horrible service. Barely acknowledged when you first walked in. Slow service and waited for my check for 20 minutes before getting up to go get it myself. Will not come again.
4	Groovy concept, flawless service, nice variety, really cool drinks.Get the plum soda. It's a small glass of some plum wine that'll knock your socks off, with a splash of club soda, and an "ume", some sort of small Eastern plum at the bottom. There are tons of sake based beverages, beer mixed with grapefruit juice or calpico (google it, n00bs), and some cool non-alcoholic beverages.Then, there's the sushi. More than reasonable pricing for the location and decor. I was feeling awfully Arizonan that day, so I ordered the "baja norte" just to be brave and try a fun, albeit bastardization of sushi. Spicy yellowtail was actually spicy! Yay! It was just a *little* too salty, however. It was still a steal, and there are still a couple dozen other options if you're pretentious about experimental rolls like yours truly.Apparently there's a ton of stuff here I need to try, and fortunately I can do just that without breaking the bank! Take a little detour from the light rail area and give Cherry Blossom a chance.
5	One of my all-time favorite places. What other Asian restaurants serves you bread (super yummy bread I might add) at the beginning of the meal? The menu features Thai, Japanese, Chinese, Vietnamese and Italian.... yes that's right, Italian dishes. I've never had any of the Italian items but friends of mine say they're delicious. I honestly have never had a bad meal or bad service there. Lots of tofu and veg-head selections, plus fabulous sushi, noodle bowls and rice dishes. The lunch time Bento box specials are a must--tons of food, great price.
4	Best ramen I've had in Arizona.  Very tasty broth.  Nice ambiance and fast service.  They have a wide selection of Japanese appetizers, plum wines, sushi and noodles.  Also have Italian pasta on the menu.  Will go back for more!  Excellent and unique dessert choices as well!
4	Now THIS is ramen! I even ordered it for take out and could tell with my first slurp that it was everything I'd been looking for. Complex broth, yummy noodles, all the right toppings...the only thing I would have changed is the pork, which was tough and chewy and not melt-in-your mouth delicious. I'd definitely try again while dining in to see if the quality I'd the pork improved. The rest of the ramen was so tasty it didn't matter! Also, for take out the service was super quick and friendly. The prices are great, too! I got the ramen lunch special which came with a California roll that was incredibly tasty and fresh, and it came out to under ten bucks for a lot of food!
5	Love this place.  Hakata Ramen is the best bowl of noodles in town.  Sure, it's no Shinsengumi of Los Angeles - but in Phoenix this is as good as it gets.
5	I love "hole in the wall" restaurants. This place has great decor, cozy feel, and great staff. Their menu has items to please all palettes.
4	This is my first time here for lunch. I am a little disappointed at the Alaskan roll here. I think Kabuki has really good sushi. But I really like the Cha Shu Ramen here compare to Kabuki. The soup of the ramen tastes delicious, creamy, and you just want to finish drinking the whole bowl of the soup. The waiters here are fantastic and they are really friendly. One of the waiters recommended me white wines with a patience and kind face. She knows a lot of about wines. Love this place! Definitely come back for the ramen! For the ramen soup!
4	What a cool and unique place! The food is fantastic. The chicken katsu was amazing !!
4	Gigantic menu...and kind of all over the place.  Everything from noodles to sushi, so it's a great place for the family because everyone can have something different.  Service is ok, but this place is swamped.  Food is very good...and the noodles authentic, so we'll definitely visit again!
4	The takana ramen was tasty. Especially the broth. Also tried the extremely spicy gyoza pot. I love spicy food, so it wasn't extreme at all, but good nonetheless. Will definitely be coming back to try the other noodle offerings and dessert.
2	I have been coming here for years.  Lately, I've been getting their miso ramen lunch special.  I always substitute rice noodles, never had an issue.  Today, i was charged regular price on the dish without being told by the server that it wouldn't qualify for the lunch special due to the substitution.  It was only $3 more for the rice nooodles, but it's more the customer service that upsets me.  As much as I love their food, they have lost a customer.
5	This is my most favourite place for ramen. It's not like the kind that comes in plastic pakaging that could double as a door stop. The seasoning doesn't come in a high sodium content foil packet, no. This bowl of piping hot miso ramen is big enough for two and comes with a filet of salmon in it; bits of corn, scallions, and bean sprouts for a hearty bowl of YUM! I have had lots off the menu here as I really do love this place. The Miso Ramen is by far my favourite. My tiny always orders gyoza. The sashimi is fresh also! I have no complaints for this place. Ever.
4	I've been meaning to review this place for a while. We stumbled upon this joint by accident and I'm so glad that we did! We haven't been here that the place wasn't bustling with people, even at 9 at night.  They do a great job of getting you seated with tables tucked into every place possible. Everything is fresh and full of flavor. We try something new each time and it has never disappointed.
5	Love, love, love their pork ramen!
4	I went back again for more ramen.  This time is just as good as last time, with even larger portion.  I also went during happy hour this time around 4:30pm on a Wednesday and the restaurant was kicking.  Catepillar roll had good portion size and fresh for $6, calamari too.  They also had spicy ribs on the appetizer menu...got to try that next.  Udon in iron pot looked good too! Service is once again fast and friendly.  It really is becoming one of my favorite joints in AZ.  Located in a small plaza.  4.5 stars!
4	The place is setup very nicely and has a nice ambiance.  The hakata ramen is fantastic.  It is extremely flavorful.  The only issue and why I only gave it 4 stars has to do with quantity.  I found the amount of noodles in the bowl to be a bit on the small side.  The bowl was pretty cheap but if that's all you get I wish they would have some option to add a couple bucks to get more noodles.Other than that, no complaints.  Service was great.  Food was delicious.
2	Since it's walking distance from our house I like to try places near us.  This was our 3rd visit to Cherry Blossom.  We'll, we have made the decision it's not that great.  Food:  Average...believe me there is better. Service:  Wait staff is always overwhelmed and run around like chicken with their heads cut off.  We were sitting near a table being cleaned off by a frantic employee and she was wiping so fast the dirty food was hurdled into our table top - gross!  Have to beg to get our green ice tea refilled, trying to make eye contact with service staff and they avoid you. The whole place is under staffed and overwhelmed.  NOTE:  Manager/Owner = Get a food runner.  Thats all they do -- run food!  It's simple. I am sure the service staff doesn't want to pay out their tips to a food runner.  But, its either that or loose more customers due your very bad service.
1	Avoid avoid avoid. What is this place Japanese? Italian? Do they know who they are? We ordered seaweed salad - I think my frys has better salad for $2; my daughter ordered California rolls - very average; the pad Thai was as bland as I have ever had and the calamari was over fried and zero flavor - no wonder they offer  sauce. Kids liked the cinnamon flavored bread so that accounts for one star.
5	Wonderful place! If you come around 4:30/5 you shouldn't have trouble finding a table. All the desserts are excellent. I don't have anything bad to say!
4	Two appetizers, two entrees and an alcoholic drink for under $40. The soba w/ buckwheat noodles... delicious and gluten-free. I'm in heaven.
2	Overrated! Service was terrible and food was below average. Tables were dirty and server refused to get cucumbers from the sushi bar, even we offered to pay for them. I offered the Gomoku Yaki Udon - pork was overcooked and overrun with whole calamari that still had eyes... Interesting decorating - Asian, Italian, and French with Christmas lights. Disappointed... :/
3	I love good ramen.  I fell in love with ramen at Santouka Ramen in San Diego and Los Angeles.  When I heard about Cherry Blossom I was hoping to finally have a place to go to in Phoenix that would give me my ramen fix without having to drive to California.  My wife and I visited Cherry Blossom and I was disappointed in their lack of selection for ramen.  Cherry Blossom serves asian dishes of all sorts and even Italian dishes.  It is a very odd concept to me but it all revolves around noodles.  They have five choices for ramen.  I'm used to getting pork miso ramen at other ramen houses.  Cherry Blossom didn't exactly have that. They had miso ramen with salmon slices.  I relented and got the miso ramen with salmon slices.  When I was served I was immediately encouraged by the color of the broth which was a light brown and not transparent, just as it should be.  I could tell there was less oil in this ramen broth than at Santouka.  The broth was pretty good, but a hair on the salty side.  Don't get me wrong, I expect the broth to be very high in sodium and cause me to gain several pounds of water weight, but this was saltier than I am used to.  The fish was done properly but I hadn't looked forward to that as much as the noodles.  The noodles weren't bad.  The noodles were good but not quite the quality as places I visited in California and Las Vegas.  I expected to have more vegetables and/or seaweed in the dish.  Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed my dish and it was priced appropriately at $8.60 plus tax, but it didn't wow me.  If you compare Cherry Blossom to Republic Ramen in Tempe, AZ, Cherry Blossom wins hands down.  The noodles and broth have so much going on and is far superior to Republic Ramen.       Cherry Blossom has Japanese beer on tap and good house saki.  Both were reasonably priced.  The cocktail recipes didn't appeal to me at all.  I have been to Japanese bars before and they had some complex recipes that showed allot of thought and passion for bar tending at those other places but these Cherry Blossom recipes looked uninspired and like they were written by someone that wasn't used to making cocktails professionally.         All in all, I would go to Cherry Blossom if it is near you or if you are just dying to get your ramen fix and you don't have a lot of options living in Phoenix but I prefer other ramen houses I have been to in Vegas and California much more than Cherry Blossom.
5	champon noodles is one of our favorites. the cinnamon bread is awesome
4	Fantastic ramen and awsome service!  Will be going back for sure!
5	I loved this place it seemed very authentic the watress was very friendly and the food is delicious plus the price is great. we had just about everything we could order on the menu and it was great. I expected to pay a big bill at the end but didnt it was well and fair priced so the watress got extra for being extra special. I would say at least try it once.
2	Friday1/4/13  5PM... wait staff is ALWAYS overwhelmed when ever we come here.  There was not wait to be seated but the wait and kitchen staff are like chickens with their heads cut off.We sat for 15 minutes before we were able to order drinks and the waiter quickly ran off before we could get our appetizers order placed... He showed up 10 minutes later with our wine and then it took another 20 minutes to get the appetizers without one (Pan Shrimp) with the excuse that the fryer is all backed up (remember it's only 5 PM on Fri). The Salmon Sashimi was NOT good. While there was a huge amount It was not Sashimi quality ... in fact, it was almost white in color, bland and hard to describe texture.... more Wasabi helped hide it so I could choke it down. If I want the kind of raw salmon, I can get it at the super market.  The fried calamari was tough as was the calamari in the Iron Pot Nabeyaki Udon seafood (as usual, the last time we though it was the exception but apparently, its the rule here). I can't remember when I have ever left fried calamari on my plate. I simply couldn't continue to chew this stuff. Iron Pot Nabeyaki Udon seafood was tasty but the amount of actual seafood was dramatically smaller then past visits. They claim shrimp, scallops, calamari, clams fish and vegetables but no shrimp, fish or vegetables were present. One piece of calamari was so big, tough and chewy that I couldn't eat it... not sure what part of the squid that was from.  When I commented to the waiter asking what the deal was with the calmari that is was like shoe leather, he said he didn't know and ran off (with the 1/2 eaten plate of Calamari.The panko shrimp was very good as was the chicken parm my dinner companion ordered (what a contrast to Asian menu items). Perhaps he was onto something.I have eaten here a number of times and the same problems seem to be on going.  I will avoid in the future or at least these menu items.
4	Good, solid place. I'm a big fan of the ramen... It's a big bowl of happiness. Never had a problem with the service (only place I've ever been to where the server apologized for interrupting me when she was checking in) as everyone has been very nice.
4	I really loved their ramen and katsudon!  Next time, I really wanna go there during their happy hours :)
4	Went here xmas eve. Delish and great service!
4	FYI, the two seats at the end of the bar are reserved for me at all times. Well at least they should be and I'll say they are the best seats in the house. We get to see every dish that comes from behind the bar and usually make our dinner selection based on the "order up" items. It makes for an adventurous dinning experience.My faves and must tries are the Extremely Spicy Gyoza Pot-Pot Stickers in Spicy Soup and the Tori Nanban (add Sansai Vegi). I have the Gyoza soup first then whatever brothy goodness is still left at the bottom of my bowl I add to my Tori Nanban. It's weird but a tasty ritual.  The Iron Pot soups are also really good.  I've yet to have any of the Italian pasta dishes. Although they look just as good as the Asian items, it just doesn't seem right for me to order Italian. Who knows, maybe I'll give one a try on my next visit. The CBNC does get busy with a wait during the lunch and dinner hours and service can be inconsistent outside of the bar which is another reason I sit at the bar.  But I feel the food makes up for just a few easy to overlook annoyances.
5	This place is phenomenal and yes I wholeheartedly agree with other reviews that the best seats are at the bar...they are prime real estate as you get to see the beautiful dishes that come out of the kitchen. Get there early as we did (5 p.m) or risk waiting a long while. By 6 p.m, there was a line out the door!The variety on the menu is downright staggering. There is everything from salads, sushi, noodle, rice, even Italian dishes.My friend Michelle and I shared a total of three dishes and it was plenty of food. We ordered a ramen noodle dish with barbecue pork, a chicken katsu curry over rice, and a spicy Korean noodle dish. We had no room for dessert after these dishes!I cannot fault this restaurant for anything. The flavors, colors and prices were outstanding. Despite the bustling kitchen and the somewhat hurried staff, everyone was so incredibly pleasant. and service was warm and efficient. Considering all the orders that the kitchen staff were mingling with, our food came out in literally no time at all.Cherry Blossom noodle cafe is more what I call an Asian fusion restaurant. It is a little dive that looks like nothing from the outside. You just have to be courageous enough to open the front door and discover the fabulous flavors of Asia that await to conquer your palate. I definitely would not say that Cherry Blossom  is Japanese by denomination. By far, it is my favorite Asian restaurant in the valley due to its incredible variety and flavors.
5	This place is top notch! I have tired almost every one of thier asian noodle dishes but have not got a chance to try thier pasta dishes (though they look delish!) I find myself crazing thier soup about once a week! The employees are Cherry Blossom are super friendly and helpful. I get togo food from here every once and awhile and it is ALWAYS correct and hot when I come to pick it up. My Tip: Get the Udon! SO YUMMY!!!! Beef, Chicken & Shrimp... they are all good! Can't wait to go back!
4	So...I love this place. The Extremely Spicy Gyoza Hot Pot sold me on this place the first time I went and I return over and over again just to have it. That said, I've tried relatively few things. The sushi is fine, not amazing. I like it enough to order it most times I go but I wouldn't go there just for sushi. The lettuce wraps with shrimp and vegetables are good but messy to eat since they are served with thinnish romaine leaves rather than the round butter lettuce leaves most places use.  My husband gets the pasta every once in a while and loves it.  I've tried his plates a couple times and I think it's good, not great, but that could be because he drowns it in shredded parmesan and I can't taste the real flavor it came out of the kitchen with. Next time I will get Tan Tan Men. Other Yelpers have raved about the Ramen and, although I've never tried it, I expect it to be delicious because it's made with the same soup as the Extremely Gyoza Hot Pot which, as I already mentioned, I LOVE. Now for the not so good...(but not so bad either)...The last time we went we sat at the bar for the first time. Like other reviewers, I definitely recommend sitting at the bar if you can for two reasons: 1) when the place is busy, which it often is, the food takes a while to make it to your table and being able to watch the cooks provides a bit of entertainment to make the time pass quicker; 2) there's more space at the bar than at the 2-person tables. We usually feel pretty cramped at the 2-tops once we have drinks and an appetizer on the table but there's a little more elbow room and room for plates and drinks at the bar. However, sitting at the bar has a downside also...when you can see the cooks putting all the plates together, though it's entertaining, you can also see all the things they touch without wearing gloves.  I've never been sick after eating here and I will continue to eat here frequently despite having seen all this, but it does make me pause to think a bit when I watch a cook dip his bare hand into some seafood (which he throws into a pan presumably hot enough to cook off any germs) and then wipe his hand on a repeatedly-used wet towel as he grabs a bunch of lettuce leaves for a salad plate (without any heat to cook off germs) that goes directly out to the customer. Admittedly, I don't know much about proper food handling and what's ok and what's not, but bare handed food touching always weirds me out a little.  That said, the food is delicious. It does take a while to get from ordering to eating but the cooks are hustling so I can't complain. Try the Gyoza Hot Pot. It's awesome. 5 stars without the wait and bare (but potentially clean-ish??) hands on food.
3	I've been going to Cherry Blossom for a long time (several years), and it has always been fairly good--both the cooked noodles portion of the menu  as well as the sushi side.  I haven't paid too much attention to the Italian food.   Anyway, I went last night with my mother for a quick bite to eat.  The slow service is typical and doesn't bother me too much because the food used to be really good.  However, I ordered Baja Norte roll to start (jalapeno, spicy yellow tail) it was extremely fishy.  Also it came out at the same time as our entres, but like I said I'm used to so-so service here.  Maybe it was a bad night or something, but this fish stunk!  The noodles were pretty good, though the pork in my Gomoku Yaki Udon was kind of gristly.  I hope this was just a bad night, but judging by the recent reviews, I fear my local noodle bar has begun to slide...
4	Okay this is a noodle bar.Come here for noodles, and i mean all kinds of noodles, not just the japanese kind.I say this because their korean Jambon is one of the better ones in the valley, even confirmed by my korean friends.I think the soup noodles, soba, ramen and all are decent, but U shd all try the japanese fusion pasta dishes.Yes pasta is noodles too :)  I especially liked the spinach noodles with chicken in alfredo sauce.  Trust me cause I am not a big fan of creamy alfredo, but theirs is balanced without too much of the cheesy taste of alfredo and the spinach pasta was cooked closed to "perfection",  yes its that good the day I went as the spinach noodles was just right, a little past al dente but not too soft and not too hard.I don't know about the sushi, but unless someone tells me they make a good sushi roll, I will not try it at a place thats called a noodle cafe :)  I also had a plum sake kind of cocktail.  Very good, very strong, even though it was a small cup.  My friend had the rootbeer float sake cocktail.  That one's worse and he feels the effects almost immediately.Nonethless. Service is good. Price is decent.  Food is very good.  Definitely coming back.Oh, this place is kind of small, so seating is tight, thus if you come in a big group, try and call ahead or get ready for a wait.  I know this place is famous for 30 mins to 1 hour wait, so don't be too surprised if you have to wait a while :)
4	This place is really nice and is tucked away in a plaza that is not really noticeable , this places mixes Italian with Japanese and Thai, I love their pad Thai, didn't really like their sushi though, they get realllly busy at nights especially Saturdays and during lunch time, their prices are not expensive and it is definitely a go to spot , I love it but that's if I can get a table!
5	Wow! Didn't expect that! Excellent food the whole way around. Japanese and Italian mix? Ya gotta go. Sushi is excellent. Fast service but not fast food!!
5	I was amazed by this place! I went with a large group and everyone loved their dish. I could not believe that one restaurant could rock both Asia and Italian cuisine. They have homemade desserts too. The prices were amazingly low, for what was served. I have been telling everyone about this place! Make reservations - it gets filled up. It is Phoenix' best secret eatery!
5	Great ramen place!!! I recommend !
2	This was my first time visiting Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe. I thought that the concept of a noodle bar was interesting. I was kind of unimpressed by the lunch menu. There weren't that many options and I had a hard time finding anything that jumped out at me. Many of the lunch options were for rice or salad. I really wanted noodles, ie a noodle bar. I went for a Udon Combo Special with a California Roll. The roll was whatever, but the chicken in my soup was basic and kind of bland. The food was average, but it was the service that left me unimpressed. The waiter was short and was very impersonal. He made my table feel rushed and as if we were an inconvenience for patronizing the restaurant. When we were ready to pay our bill, we asked for a spit check and he proceeded to tell us that he "couldn't do tax in his head" so basically too bad. We decided to spit the check 4 ways to be as easy as possible. Then as we were leaving he reprimanded us for not asking for a spit check before hand. I think it would have been nice for a server to be observant and ask us if we needed that rather than expect the table to make that known. A little foresight and customer service would have made a huge difference.
5	I really like this place. The atmosphere is nice and the good is really good. My girlfriend doesn't like their sushi. I think it's good for inexpensive sushi and a sake for lunch. There's a calamari salad that's very good. Recommended.
5	There is just something about this place. I have been there few times and I love it. I think it is becoming more popular, because wait for the table is getting longer. Price is decent, food is excellent and no complaints so far.
4	Great place for dinner or lunch! Very diverse menu selections, they have asian food and italian! Food is always good. The service varies depending on who your server is that day. Sometimes the waiting time for a table is crazy. Parking is hit or miss.
3	The food here is okay. I would come back if I was in the area and in the mood for Asian food, but it's not a place I'm looking forward to going to again. I ordered the seafood yakisoba. While I liked that there was a variety of seafood - squid, scallop, shrimp - the sauce wasn't very flavorful and a little on the oily side. My friend ordered the orange zest tofu with brown rice. I tried some and it tasted a little too sweet, but the tofu was cooked nicely (wasn't tough like some places make it).As for the atmosphere of the restaurant, it's small and the noise level isn't too loud so you can easily hold a conversation with whoever you're eating with. But I don't think they have a great ventilation system because you can smell the smoke/cooking smells from the kitchen.
4	The first time I went to Cherry Blossom noodle cafe, it was SUPER busy. The service was a little laggy, but understandably so. The seating also felt kind of cramped.But with that being said, I absolutely LOVE the food. My boyfriend and I went there a few weeks ago. We ordered appetizers,drinks, a main course and dessert for about $30 (if even that, which doesn't include tips). And it was very well worth the money. Their green tea cake is amazing by the way;it has the right texture, and it's not too sweet, but not bland either, which is more than what I can say for most places.Anyway! The place has great food for a great price. I definitely plan on going there more often.
3	I went here with some friends a couple weeks ago at about 830 pm. It was great. I asked the server what he would recommend to me and he said the Pad Thai with chicken. I ordered the Pad Thai and it was delicious. The server was very friendly and helpful.We came back a few days ago at about 430 pm and I was not as impressed. I ordered the Pad Thai again, but I was not happy with the server we had. She took forever to get our drinks and was not the friendliest. She also took my husbands soda while we were eating to refill it and took forever to bring it back. It was not even empty yet. I like the Pad Thai, but there is nothing else very appetizing on the menu for me. I would come back for the Pad Thai.
4	Love this place.Their spicy pot stickers, while not all that spicy, do come in a spicy soup, and are much more enjoyable than the plated boring ones.  The BF loves their Ramen super spicy soup Tan Tan-Men- his nose is runny and eyes are bloodshot by the time he is done eating!The Tori Nanban is a great soup too, a little more bland.  Their udon noodles are a little thicker than spaghetti but SUPER tasty.This place is a nice surprise, being in a non-descript strip mall next to a Domino's pizza and a drive-thru liquor store.  The inside is very quaint and nice and clean.
5	I have been coming here for years and the food has been consistently excellent, which is a hard feat for most restaurants. I particularly love the Chicken parmesan (best in Phoenix), and Yuka is my favorite server.
5	I had the tofu pasta with clam wine sauce. I have never tried tofu pasta before. It was very good. It's definitely a place for Japanese Italian (noodles) than traditional Japanese, but they have good sushi, too.
4	We needed a break from St.Patties festivities, and some food, and one of my fav yelpers Nader suggested CherryBlossom.You can't beat this happy hour.  A beer for under $3, various appetizers for $2, $3, and $4.  Nader raved about the spicy gyoza hot pot, so freaking good.I got the tantan-men, spicy noodles with minced pork.  I like pork in all it's forms, and this was good.  I'm a sucker for ramen, and this is a great place for a fix!The sushi, was ok, not show stopping.Great place for happy hour!
4	This is one of the places where I can say Japanese food has a little uniqueness to it. I like the whole Japanese Italian Cafe and Bakery look to it. It reminds me of the spin that the restaurants in Japan does too.I had the Tekka Don. Which was a sashimi rice bowl. It was good. Practically, it was a tuna roll not rolled up and put into a bowl. I used to get the Ika Mentai but that's becoming boring a bit.The atmosphere is nice but you can definitely expect a wait. For the love of everything delicious, don't go to one of those American chains pretending to be a Japanese restaurant. :cough cough: Ra Sushi.
4	Awesome! Pasta and Sushi at the same place, and both are done right. Price matches the quality of food and service. Parking is the only negative.
4	My favorite  noodle-arium.  I'm long, long overdue to write something on Cherry Blossom, (and could have sworn I had at some point) perhaps my single favorite restaurant in the area.  In dozens of visits, determinedly working my way up and down the noodles from pan-Asian to Italian, I have never been disappointed with a meal at Cherry Blossom, with the exception of a single mackerel dish which I found not as tasty as other dishes and which also left me hungry - something never done before or since at CBNC.     Last meal was Yakiniku, a "Korean style thin sliced beef dish with vegetables served on an iron skillet."  Moderately spicy hot, delicious, and $11.  It's billed as a rice dish - if only the brown rice had come out before the end of the meal.  Friend Norm ordered an appetizer with his meal - which he reported was really good - if only it had come out before end of the meal - They were apologetic and didn't charge for the late arrival, but still . . . it's the kind of thing that happens frequently enough to keep me from giving that 5th star that the food itself has generally consistently deserved over the several years I've been enthusiastically dining there.Other great dishes: the thin sliced NY Steak with shitake mushroom sauce - tongue-burning sodium overload but the meat is a thing of beauty. Perhaps next time I'll try it with the sesame mustard sauce instead.  Don't think you like eel? Try theirs' - After a long ago year in China with a lot of rubbery eel and sea cukes that we referred to as "bicycle handgrips", I never thought I'd have a taste for eel (and I'm still not too confident about the sea cukes), but this is wonderfully prepared and absolutely delicious. Mark the Ika Yakisoba with calamari and vegetables on your list to try as well as the Korean Spicy beef and all the Asian noodle dishes. My housemate loves the Mixed Tempura dinner, though I find it a tad bland compared to my favorites.  Want something a little lighter but still filling, delicious, and out of the ordinary, try the Unagi salad with grilled freshwater eel and ginger dressing and most definitely the shrimp salad, a generous quantity of mixed greens with mango chutney  dressing on a large plate completely ringed by broiled (or fried?) shrimp with a mayonnaise dressing - It's a salad you'll want to remember to order again.  Skip to the Italian side of the noodle kingdom for a dozen (+1) delicious dishes ranging from the satisfying Marsala Chicken with Spinach Pasta in a rich, but not nauseatingly so, white cream sauce, to the Cajun Shrimp with Smoked Mozzarella, to a simple and also delicious Spaghetti Bolognese.  I can equally vouch for the Little Neck Clam in white wine  or marinara, among many other excellent offerings.  It's a small restaurant, frequently with waiting line for seating on weekend evenings, but the wait has rarely been long - and it's well worth it.  Go when you have time to relax and perhaps be a little patient.  Your drink glass may be dry for a while before anyone notices, or has time to, and the service, always courteous, can otherwise be a little erratic, but the food is so worth it!.  Most entrees range from $9-12 and there's few among the extensive offerings above $14. Note that weekday lunchtime can be packed and hectic, and though the staff is literally running, it can take a while to get one's check and change.  Vaya con paciencia.
3	I've actually never heard of this place since I live in the East Valley so it is quite far for me. However, my friends were RAVING about it and wanted to come here for dinner last night and I'm always up for trying new places. =)I actually really liked the ambiance of the restaurant. It has a cozy, mom and pop shop feel to it. As far as the menu, there are so many things to choose from! They have such a variety of things on the menu that it was so hard to know what to get. Plus I was starving so I wanted to try EVERYTHING! You can have some italian pasta, ramen noodles, sushi, cold noodles, hot noodles, Thai noodles or a rice dish. It was such a huge selection to choose from. I'm glad I came with my friends because I was so indecisive on what to order. I ended up getting the Chicken Pad Thai with a milk green tea to wash it down. I've never really enjoyed a green tea but when I saw it on the menu it was something different so I wanted to try it. It was actually quite tasty. They also have a variety of wines and cocktails to choose from. The Chicken Pad Thai itself was ok. I thought it was a bit salty and wasn't anything spectacular. All in all, I don't think it's a restaurant that I would drive across town to. If I was in the area then it would most likely be an option to choose from, mainly because I also want to try their sushi and ramen noodles. But they are well known for their noodles so I'd like to come back to try that next time. =)
3	Come with time... it takes a while if you are here for the lunch time crowd.the food is okay.  a little pricey for what you get.
5	This is THE place to go. Always busy, lunch or dinner, and their food is always superior. I've eaten here many times and I'm never disappointed. Their sushi is wonderful (I wish you guys would serve halibut!!) and their noodles are out of this world. Love the soba, chicken Parmesan, and especially the Salmon Cream Sauce.Looking upon the menu, a newcomer would think that the owners are crazy; this place offers cuisine from Thailand, Korea, Japan...and ITALY...but they do it well. I cannot rave enough about their kitchen and the guys scurrying like madmen at the grill. Bravo.Bravo goes out to Yuka, who is the real star of the show. She's a fantastic server. After knowing her for a couple of years, she now greets me with a hug and an ever-present loud and genuinely warm greeting. I will never tire of this place. Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe sets the bar high and keeps it there.
4	Our server Fumihiko, is such a sweet guy. He carefully explained the lunch dishes to me. I love the window table table they gave me. With the cute lil lamp. The dish I had Korean spicy Beef. Dilish..... & Green tea. It's a cute place. Gets packed at lunch, but it's worth the wait. Lunch prices so reasonable ... Bon Pettit . Saaaaaarap (Filipino 4 Yummmm) ..... I know I will be back. It's next door to my addiction Snoh Ice Savery, my summer hang out.... ^_^
4	Shared a bento box lunch and spicy potstickers.  Lunch was delicious!  Today was Katsu beef, pork cutlet, salad with beef, and sushi roll.  We were both very full and plan to go back.  We were told the bento box is different weekday with tempura and steak on Friday.
2	The RAMEN is excellent.  The owners are sweet and the ambiance is pleasant.I gave it a low rating for the customer service. My first visit I was seated in the back and had to wait for service a lot, for long periods of time.  I didn't mind due to the gracious hospitalityMy second visit, was terrible. They saw me walk in and didn't offer me a menu or greet me. A second customer walked in after me and they helped that person first, instead of me.Finally someone asked if I had a question. I said no, I'm waiting for a menu. He turned to the hostess and said "oh, why did you tell me she had a question?" and then he just walked away leaving me to wait longer. When I finally got a waiter, I already knew what I wanted, I didn't waste the waiters time. I waited a LONG for my food until I ran out of time to eat it. THE WAITER DIDN'T CHECK ON ME AGAIN UNTIL I STOOD UP TO LEAVE. He had the nerve to ask if I needed anything. I told him I ran out of time to eat and had to leave. He didn't apologize, he just put the check on the table and left again. I do not know if this is a place where you have to wait for them to come grab the check or if you are supposed to take it up to the hostess but he never came back so I took it up to the hostess. She just stood there, IN FRONT OF ME, drying wet cups.I was just there for a lunch break soup. Why did it take an hour?
5	What a superb dinner was had last night! We tried their squid salad and sushi offerings and they were EXCELLENT. Our server (I'm sorry I don't remember his name) was perfect, sweet and knowledgeable about explaining when asked "Why does this place serve Asian fusion AND Italian food?" I'm not giving the answer herein..you'll have to go try it to find out! What a find.
3	I love, love, love ramen. I had it in San Francisco, so that's my gold standard. I went to the Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe and had the spicy Szechuan ramen. The broth was fantastic. However, the noodles did not seem like genuine ramen. They had the taste and texture of Italian vermicelli. My inner food snob was all like "Sacre bleu! Zis eez sacrilege!" but my inner glutton helped me to get over it and enjoy the delicious spicy soup.
4	Mmmm, Ramen.  Very good ramen.  Good tempura, not greasy at all.  OK Sushi.  Overall, any thing with noodles will be great.  Alway good service.  Usually get the Cha- Shu Ramen, huge bowl with lots of noodles and miso dashi.  Wife likes the Italian Pescatore.  If you are in the area, give Cherry Blossom a try.
5	Great place for Ramen!! I definitely recommend!!!
4	Had the Tekka Don and Korean Spicy Beef Noodles. The Tekka don was a bowl of rice, cucumbers, and fresh tuna. Cost 8 bucks, but great contrast to the the noodles. The noodles were stir fried with bell plenty of bell pepper, onions, and sliced ribeye (i believe); for 10 bucks you get just the right amount of heat.
5	Absolutely delicious ramen. The hakata and the chashu are my favorites. It can get busy but don't let a wait discourage you. Completely worth it.
3	Ramen is a noodle dish near and dear to my heart. There are few noodle dishes out there that can satisfy the palate as well as a solid bowl of ramen. The key to good ramen is the excelling of three primary ingredients: the noodles, the broth, and the protein. The noodles here are very well made with good consistency, texture, and fantastic compatibility with the broth. The broth itself has that signature creaminess, saltiness, and thickened smoothness that ramen broth should have. It gives the noodles a fine delicious dressing.Alas, the cha-shu pork is where the dish fails to amaze. While the BBQ flavor of the pork is adequate, CherryBlossom chooses to go the lean route in the preparation. The result is a piece of pork that is thick and devoid of fat. This flaw is a fatal one. Ramen noodles were designed in such a way that its fullest potential can only be achieved with fatty pieces of meat. In a true ramen dish, one seeks out the fatty piece of meat and treasures every bite as it enhances the richness of the broth and is counterbalanced by the starchiness of the noodles. CherryBlossom foregoes this authentic vision and opts for a healthier alternative. While it still delivers on most fronts, my inner samurai still desires that extra reach of flavor.Other reviews on Yelp also recommend their banana bread. However, I must condemn their banana bread and anybody else on Yelp who sponsors it. Their banana bread is incredibly dry and has a grainy texture quality to it. The flavor itself is very bland and the banana element is barely detectable. A shame.However, the dinner rolls that do come with your meal are quite good! They have a softness and fluffiness about them that nearly rivals Hawaiian rolls. Freshly baked and packed with flavor. An unexpected surprise!At the end of the day, the entire experience was pretty good but far from great. CherryBlossom offers an eclectic mix of different cuisines and dishes. Though the ramen could not satiate, I am willing to return to test the other dishes. To be continued...
2	It was good.....meat was a little tough, but the seafood seemed fresh.  Bread was basic bread, nothing special.  The waiter kept screwing up our bill, "hey this isn't right."  "your right let me correct it".  "Uh it still not correct".  It took them 4 tries to finally get it right.  There were two of us and we ordered 2 plates and 1 drink!
4	Always the best ramen. I had a late night craving for ramen so I went for a simple bowl of Hakata Ramen, delicious as always. I was extra hungry so I ordered the ole stand by...Gyoza, another excellent dish. Everything was great except my server was more interested in some guys at another table so I waited for my water, waited for my order to be taken, waited for my check...it took much longer than I wanted for a evening snack on a not so busy evening. Ramen...the best in Phoenix so far.
5	My dad, who's basically the biggest Asian cuisine connoisseur I know (and lived in Thailand during his military service), has visited many different places in Phoenix since our family moved here in 2006. Never has he actually wanted to cry from the deliciousness of food. It actually had me in shock. Nothing we've eaten in Phoenix (or actually that I've had in my entire life!) compares. This may seem like an overstatement, but I assure you, we wanted for absolutely nothing. We started with an order of gyoza (pan-fried dumplings) that melted in your mouth and really didn't even need the sauce it came with. There were also Hawaiian homemade rolls that came out warm, fluffy and perfect. I ordered the chicken katsu (breaded chicken breast), and it was flavorful and not over-breaded. The rice was cooked extremely well! My father ordered the tempura bowl with brown rice and I don't think I've ever seen him speechless! All of this was about $20, so a really rather generous price for what we ordered. I can't wait to go back.
4	Very good ramen. Had some excellent pot stickers and edamame as well. Cheaply priced as well!
4	There is nothing better than the calamari salad - tops n 5 starThe saki clams r good too
4	Came here to celebrate our daughter's 30th B-Day and brought both family, friends and the grand kid. She ask to go here and then next door afterwards for some Snoh. Sounds good to me.Inside is simple and cozy with a casual rustic Japanese theme in the background. The menu here is rather large and offers both Japanese and other Asian specialties as well as a separate section with famous Italian pasta dishes. Interesting!Started with some appetizers. Potstickers, Vegetable Tempura, and a couple rolls of Sushi. Pretty good so far. Next ordered the main courses. Some of the group went Korean style while others did Japanese.Ordered some Yakiniku Beef extra spicy, Ten-don Shrimp Tempura with special sauce on Rice, Chicken Katsu, Korean Spicy Beef with Egg Noodles and my favorite the Nabeyaki Udon Seafood Iron Pot which was my selection.Everything was tasty and we had a lot of fun. Service was friendly and very helpful. Even made the 2007 New Times for Best use of a Noodle.Gets REALLY BUSY FAST and a little cramped when full. We arrived at 5pm on a Saturday and it was perfect. By the time we were done eating it was packed. Feed your NOODLE and ENJOY!
5	My family and I came here for the first time to each lunch after church. I have to tell you, this is a great place to eat Italian food and Asian food at the same time.  LOL! And to have snoh right next door for dessert was perfect!  I ordered a dish called the Primavera w/ eggplant, chicken and red sauce.  You could either have Soba noodles or Tofu noodles.  I ordered the Soba noodles which was very interesting.  It is healthy and very tasteful.  The prices are inexpensive and within my strict budget.I would recommend this place to everyone.  Its small but quaint.  We had nine people in our party and we just waited for about 15 min. Fortunately enough we were seated quickly.  I have been in AZ for 5 years, and I cannot find any Asian food that compares to the restaurants in San Jose California where I am from, and this was one of the best places I have gone to.  So I just want to give 5 stars for this place.
1	You have got to be kidding me...absolutely unable to eat any of the four dishes ordered for lunch today. I read the below reviews and wondered if I was in the same place...mumbles the waiter couldn't have been less help if he had stayed home today.The broth was flavorless, the noodles like a pile of jelly. The fried pork was so over cooked I couldn't chew it. The cold noodles were indeed cold, as they tasted like they were cooked 3 days ago and stored in the fridge. And the miso soup? Me so wished it was good, as I was starving when I left.
4	One of the few fusion Japanese/Italian places in town that is actually decent quality (relatively far and few in Phoenix compared to California). The restaurant itself is quite small and seating is limited, but it is worth the wait.My personal favorite if you are a fan of Udon noodle soup is the Udon Suki Iron Pot. The broth is very flavorful, udon perfectly slurpable, beef a little bit too lean but mixes well, and the egg totally rocks it. Zaru Soba is a cold noodle dish that i have ordered and is quite good. it's not much on the dish besides the buckwheat noodle and you dipping it in the Soba soy sauce. Nice refreshing starch.Sushi is ok but I would stick with the rice and noodle dishes.The menu is quite extensive so I'll definitely return often to try out all the other options.Definitely recommend this place as a solid lunch option for a reasonable price.
5	This place is fantastic. I decided to get some take out and it was delicious. I didn't want to stop at just one bowl of the Cha-Shu. I will definitely be going back many more times in the future.
4	My wife and I lived in Japan for 4 years.... the one thing I haven't been able to find in and around Phoenix ...until today is really well done sticky rice. I had almost given up hope :)  The meal was all around very good. The ramen my wife had was tasty but I would say the ramen at Monta in Las Vegas is better. The broth is much more flavorful.  All in all... this is a nice place to have here in the Valley... give it a try.
4	I find myself at CherryBlossom a lot nowadays, and that's why I needed to update my review. I've discovered my new favorite menu items, and they must be eaten! So, you should try:Spicy Gyoza PotCha-shu RamenTanTan-Men RamenUdon SukiThe gyoza pot is my favorite menu item (and it's on happy hour).  It's simple and delicious. I am completely satisfied with a Kirin and the gyoza pot for dinner. The Cha-shu is a damn good bowl of ramen, and the TanTan is even better if you're up for something spicy. My newest discovery, and the reason I needed to write this, is the Udon Suki. It consists of udon noodles, tofu, green onions, sliced beef, and a poached egg floating in a savory broth. CherryBlossom's Udon Suki is awesome, filling, and awesome.I have come to the realization that the service is hit or miss at this place, but in my opinion, the food makes up for any shortcomings. Go try some of the dishes I just mentioned and let me know what you think!
5	After living in Japan for three years I fell in love with the dish Katsudon and ate it regularly while living there. I have been searching for a place in the valley that serves this wonderful dish and my search is over. I drove from Goodyear for lunch as soon as I seen they had Katsudon on the menu and it was worth the drive. The Katsudon was just as I remember enjoying it in Japan. I went for the Katsudon but had read so much on yelp about the extremely spicy gyoza pot that I had to try it also. I love spicy things and while this dish wasn't bad I found it didn't have any flavors other than "spicy".  Again, the dish wasn't bad but not something I would get again. I love regular gyoza so I will get that next time to go with my Katsudon (came with miso soup).The bread basket was a nice touch and the iced green tea was really good. My waitress was very attentive and food came out quickly.I'll definitely be back but it may take me several trips to try something other than Katsudon only becuase I've been searching for it for so long.
5	Our favorite ramen noodle place, hands down. Even San Francisco ramen can't compare. The Tan Tan Men is superb. Noodles perfectly cooked, with spicy flavorful broth. In fact, every dish here is prepared with an abundance of evenly balanced flavor and comes in generous sized proportions. The best gyoza, ramen, and spicy Korean beef, spicy potsticker hot pot, and pad Thai. The orange roughy is really good as well. Small place but can surprisingly seat a lot of people. The theme is Asian Paris. It's always crowded. Service can be slow but the food here is worth it!! Easily a Phoenix favorite.
1	The good: Nice ambiance, friendly service. I was trying to find a good ramen place (so spoiled by Orenchi in the bay area... that's the golden standard). Walked in and saw some Asian people so thought it was a good sign. The bad: Ordered chicken karage and ramen - chicken karage looked straight outta the freezer section at your local supermarket! If you haven't had good chicken karage, it's fried (chicken, duh) with a batter similar to tempura (lighter than traditional American batters). Nope, this was your standard frozen, then warmed chicken with a rubbery-coating-that-passes-as-real-fried-food. If I wanted frozen food, I would have just made it myself (no I wouldn't, that shit tastes terrible). The sauce was uninspiring, but hey, does it matter if the chicken isn't worth it? The ugly:  The ramen I ordered came out... and disappointment abounds. First, the noodles looked like what you buy at the supermarket. So... yeah, if I want supermarket food, I'll just go to the supermarket. Am I wrong to expect restaurants to actually prepare food from scratch? Oh but it's so hard to make noodles by hand/machine you say? THAT'S WHY I SPEND MONEY IN A RESTAURANT!!!!What about the broth? The life-sustaining broth that is cooked for hours if not days and ties the entire dish together ... well let's not get too excited because once again, it tastes more like powdered mix. Are we sensing a theme here? Lots of supermarket stuff, at a premium price. Sorry, that's not why I go to a restaurant.So why did I even bother trying this place? Because Yelp had promised me a grand culinary experience (okay maybe not grand, but good at least). This was really sub-par at best; the nicest servers or prettiest backdrop cannot make up for low-quality food. But I am a temporary tourist in Phoenix (4 months for work, normally in SF), so take my ran with a grain of salt. Maybe all that big city living has made me a (ramen) snob; YMMV
4	Love CherryBlossom.  I've tried their ramen and udon dishes and have never been disappointed.  I really want to try their Italian dishes but have always been hesitant since they are considered a Japanese restaurant, but after seeing some of the pictures on here, they definitely look worth trying.  Their daily special bento boxes are always great, too, and are inexpensive.  It's definitely a smaller restaurant but they do take reservations.  Service is pretty consistent in that it is good - except for this one caucasian guy that we've had twice that never seemed into his job, never had recommendations, never refilled our drinks unless we asked and was pretty slow, but other than that, the other female servers we had were always friendly and knowledgeable.  I wish this place was closer to my house, as I would frequent it much more often.
4	Tucked within a small little strip mall, is this cute little eatery serving up both Italian and Asian style noodle dishes, as well as sushi items. It looks like the building used to be a La Madeline or similar French inspired eatery, judging from the interior decor. It was decently busy when we walked in for dinner the previous times we ate here, but there was little to no wait for a table.I've tried some ramen entrees, and a cold noodle dish here. The cold noodle dish (Hiyashi chu-ka) was a huge portion, filled with chicken, noodles, and veggies. The sauce was light but got a little too sweet for me after the first few bites. The ramen broth is excellent here. It's full flavored, and you will want to keep eating more and more! I've had the spicy ramen and the cha-su ramen, and I think the cha-su ramen's the best of the two. The spicy ramen was indeed quite spicy! But it was still good to eat, with a robust broth, bean sprouts, and noodles.Service is friendly, and drinks are refilled as needed. They bring out a basket of bread and sweet Melba-type toast to your table, which is nice to munch on while you are waiting for your meal.Overall, a good place to get your noodle fix.
5	Thank you so much Nader for telling me about this great place.  As I mentioned in my Pie Hole review I have a list of foods I wanted to find so I could be happy living down town.  Udon was second on that list behind pie.I ordered the Nabeyaki Udon and some random sushi roll.  The sushi wasn't memorable, the rice was a little crisper than I care for in a sushi roll.  The Udon was amazing however.  Usually when I order Udon I can't finish the whole bowl, it's always so much food.  The Nabeyaki was so good I happily enjoyed the pain from over eating.  Thanks to Cherry Blossom and the Pie Hole my list of foods I need to stay happily downtown is complete.
5	I am not a big fan of Asian foods so finding a place that I can find something to eat on the menu while Dave enjoys all the sushi, udon, seafood he can eat in a meal is quite the daunting task.  Cherry Blossom is just the place we have been searching for.  I enjoyed some spicy ramen with chicken while Dave got to have sushi and seafood udon. Perusing the menu I found more than just the ramen that I am interested in trying.  This is definitely a place we can visit again and again.
4	This place gets 5 stars for their entrees. No doubt about it, every meal I have ever ordered from here over the last few years has been delectable and phenomenal. The service is  also top notch. The 1 star deduction is a matter of personal taste for their desserts. They taste very fresh, but I haven't been overly enthused about the choices of flavors.  They have a fantastic happy hour menu too!On the meal side, I would like to personally recommend any of the following treats:California Crunchy RollSpicy Tuna RollNegi-Hama RollTekka RollShrimp Tempura RollCrunch Eel RollDragon RollTyphoon RollRainbow RollArrabbiata Italian Pasta w/ Hamaguri (little neck clams)Capellini w/ Tomato and GarlicPrimaveraPescatoreIka YakisobaChampon (the aroma from this one is nearly orgasmic)Pad ThaiKorean Spicy BeefCha-shu RamenMixed Tempura Dinner***Orange Roughy w/ Orange Sauce (I can not overstate that this is my FAVORITE of their dishes so far)***YakinikuHave I mentioned that I love this place? There are still so many other items to try!
5	Satori to Kaigen! (Enlightenment and Spiritual Awakening!)Leaving the shadows of my last job, I embark on a voyage searching for delicious flavors.  Empty stomach, with Kunoichi on my left I joined the stream of the culinary conscious at the doors of CherryBlossom Noodle Cafe!Immediate greetings, short wait, professional server introduced himself as Joshua.  We had drinks, bread (free!), apps and dinner but passed on dessert with lingering looks back as if to validate the mutual decisionI had studied the menu before but that had been weeks prior.  Ended up ordering the most popular items on the menu.  Korean Beef : Seoul-fulCulinary Thought: Flattened, juicy, smoky and perfect temperature. Ninja Eating Plan: Over noodles, with chili paste. It was consumed quicker than a Japanese shrike dives for meals in July..Pad Thai : RadCulinary Thought: It was almost to beautiful to start eating.  Ninja Eating Plan: She said it was the best Pad Thai she had ever consumed.  She also noticed a difference in CBN Cafe's Pad Thai noodle compared to all others she has tried.  Kunoichi tend to notice every "little bit."Calpico Beer: Summer Drink of 2013?Culinary Thought: Refreshing and different.Ninja Eating Plan: Helped to calm down the tongue on several occasions of too much chili paste (hands were shaky after a successful morning mission)Overall experience of the Culinary Ninja: When breaking your solemn vegetarian vow it is good to exercise within a week of consuming any meat product.  This Ninja has enjoyed the experience and plans on returning before the first clouds of Winter stretch out over the valley horizon.
5	Always one of my favorite places...the ambiance is great, the service is stellar and the food is RIDICULOUS! Our server, Josh, was especially kind and helpful even though I am a bit of a high maintenance orderer(allergies :-/ ) Cannot say enough good things about Cherry Blossom!!! Love it!
4	I heard about this place from a friend so i took my boyfriend and we had sushi, he had the vegas rolls and the shrimp double crunchy rolls (or a name similar to that one) my boyfriend liked the vegas rolled, he will never "love" any kind of sushi so him liking it means a lot. I on the other hand LOVED what i ordered. The shrimp is actually crunchy. Just this past monday i took my friends there too. i got the same thing along with the pot stickers and once again i was not disappointed :) long story short can't wait to go back and try new things off the menue!
5	Had a craving for spicy Ramen and I was not disappointed. It had just the right amount of spice/hot and the pork meat was delicious. We also tried the Chicken Katsu and it was perfectly cooked. I've been to places where you can taste the week old chicken and day(s) old oil it was fried in, but not here, it was fresh chicken breast. We also tried the crunchy shrimp roll, it was also good.The menu was a little odd, it featured sushi and traditional Japanese soups and platters, but it also had a page with Italian food...? Japanese and Italian are two of my favorite foods, but I'd rather they'd be at separate establishments! LolOverall our first experience was a good one, our waitress was extremely friendly and very helpful. No complaints here, we will be back soon!
5	We've driven by this place countless times. It wasn't until a coworker told me about it that I noticed it. Like a lot of restaurants in Phoenix, CB is in a strip mall which I'm starting to get used to. Went at lunchtime, it wasn't crowded initially, but filled up quickly. Started out with the vegetable tempura. It was okay, just a basic tempura. I ordered the grilled salmon lunch special which came with brown rice and salad. I wasn't crazy about the salad dressing, but the salmon was awesome. Two substantial, well seasoned fillets. With a lunch special you expect the smallest fillet with a ton of rice, not at CB.  My hubby ordered the sausage in red sauce as an appetizer and the hot beef salad. I don't eat meat so I didn't his food (bummer), but he seemed very pleased, I look forward to returning and trying some Italian dishes. Also, CB is extremely clean and the staff is attentive.
4	When I first heard about this restaurant, I was a little confused about the concept. Italian and Asian is not a typical combo, and I assumed that this restaurant would do one way better than the other. I started out ordering Asian dishes when I first started visiting. I was a little too scared to experiment with the Italian menu, as their Asian dishes are quite good, so why would I stray? My husband decided he would give it a shot one night, and it turns out that their Italian dishes are equally as good as their Asian dishes. Here are my favorites:- Hakata Ramen: a flavorful Ramen, with coconut milk and pork, one of the few places that offers Ramen in Phoenix, and also one of the best!- Pad Thai: This is pretty authentic, the sauce had great flavor and the portion is generous- Rei-Shabu: slices of rare beef, with noodles, and a flavorful sesame dressing, perfect for a hot day- Bolognese: This sauce is homemade and very flavorful with lots of meat- Chicken marsala: Not very traditional as it's more of a cream sauce, but it still tastes great, is full of flavor, and the spinach noodles add a nice touchThey offer reasonably priced lunch specials and sushi too. My only complaint is that the service can be a little slow, so don't come here if you're in a rush. However, they're always very friendly and nice. So if you're in the mood for Italian but your dinner dates wants sushi, you're in luck as CherryBlossom offers both in a delicious way.
5	This is by far the *best* noodle place in town! Their BBQ pork ramen is absolutely delicious, comes in a giant bowl, and the noodles are perfectly cooked. Try the Milky Green Tea-- it's my favorite drink on the menu. The owner is very pleasant, and if you can catch bits and pieces of what she's saying in Japanese- also pretty hilarious :)
5	I discovered this place a few months ago and ever since cannot stop going back. This is one of the only places where I don't mind waiting for an hour (usually on weekend nights) because it is so good. Great staff, consistently good food, and a charming establishment!
2	No question, the few times I've eaten here the food was good - good flavor and well done. My complaint is the service is so haphazard. If you can get there when it's not busy, it's great. If you get there when it's busy, it gets a little out of control. As someone else said, there's really no place to wait. I went there this evening, got my name on the list and was told 45 minutes. It was very busy. After about 45 minutes of waiting, I go inside to check how I'm doing on the list. While waiting to check, they sat several couples who just walked in and put their names on the list (I was standing there watching). Then she suggested I would still have quite a wait left. It appeared they were just taking groups as they came in and would only bother to get people outside waiting when there wasn't a line. At an hour, I decided to go elsewhere. This is not the first time it's happened.  It doesn't really matter how good the food is if you can't get to it.
3	Although at first I got confused with the concept or the setting of the place, different kind of menu, The menu offers sushi, Italian, ramen, rice, noodles, meat, tofu, seafood, and desserts. The calamary crispy enough although I still could see the oil left on the plate. The service was nice. I would like to go back to try something else.
4	CherryBlossom is a fun place to dine. The ambience is relaxing. The service is good. Their happy hour is awesome. They make the most amazing spicy Thai beef salad, plus fun desserts and drinks. Their menu is somewhat diverse. However, I've tried some entrees and haven't always been thrilled. Additionally, the place can be crowded if you happen to have bad timing.Overall, I will keep going back.
3	The price for happy hour is good, planning to come back again!
3	Drove the 30 miles back to Cherryblossom Noodle Cafe for lunch last week and while the food was good the service was terrible. Had a very unfriendly waiter helping me and he was very short and condescending while talking to me. He didn't introduce himself, just sat me down and walked away and seemed mad the entire time, my receipt said Ken was my server so that may have been his name. I  enjoyed the food but had to keep asking for things like my appetizer which never came out before my meal so I asked for it during my meal and he immediately brought it to me which meant it was sitting somewhere. I had to ask for some bread as that was never brought out. Had to ask for a refill on my green tea from another person that was walking past. Afterwards he sat down my ticket and I put my card down to pay and he never came back to take it so I had to ask an older Asian woman to check me out.
5	I eat here practically every week. Their food is very Japanese, even their bread and Italian pasta dishes. I grew up in Japan, so take my word for it. Last night I had my usual collection of appetizers and sake. My friend had her usual sushi orders. Word of caution for newbies: service can be uneven, especially when busy. If you become a regular like me, though, you would know which servers are the best and would be treated like royalty.
1	This was one of the few times Yelp has led us wrong. Came here because it was close by & had 4 stars. I will say the service was perfectly fine. Our server was very friendly & even though it was busy, we were greeted at the door & sat quickly. Unfortunately, it was downhill from the point we got our food. We ordered an assortment of rolls & a dish of pad Thai. The sushi choices almost all include cream cheese &/or tempura, which made it difficult to choose a variety without everything tasting similar.The sushi all tasted fishy. I don't think it was unfresh, but it certainly didn't taste fresh either. It was somewhere in between the two...if that is possible. The presentation wasn't bad either, but the overall experience was tainted by the poor tasting sushi.
5	We go here once a week because we just can't get enough! The menu is extremely Japanese--so even the Italian dishes are going to seem a little off kilter. The food and drinks are both fantastic. I haven't tried an entree I haven't liked!However, it is not a sushi restaurant, despite having a wide-variety on the menu. There's no open sushi bar, and the quality can be hit or miss on the rolls. I recommend going for the main entrees.
3	We sat at the back corner and noticed we were surrounded with all Asians.Hmm... is it because we're Asian, they had to put us in the back with rest of them?  I don't really care. I think our waiter was mad at the table next to us. He wasn't too attentive and sort of rude when we first placed our orders.  His personally changed after that table left.  I'm so glad they left.  They were so loud. I'm not sure if they have a new owner, or just simply being cheap & cutting on the potion size.  We had ordered the tofu shiitake mushrooms and got just three pieces.  What!  I have ordered this many times definitely more than three tofu's.  At the least the ramen still good.  The size is the same.
4	Went here for lunch today with three other people from work. It was packed but we were able to get a table in the back. They have some great lunch specials and I ordered the Shrimp tempura Udon soup with a California roll. The soup was good however it could have had a little more flavor. I ended up having to put in some soy sauce to liven it up a little bit. The California roll was right on and I enjoyed it. I also ordered a side if Gyoza (potstickers) and they were very tasty as well. I really like how the wrapping was thinner than most places. The bread that they give you when you sit down is very good.  They are hot and fresh yeasty rolls and it was hard to have just one. They also have a great selection of desserts as well as baked goods. I did bring home a slice of chocolate cake for hubby so I don't know how it is yet but it sure looks good! Service was very good and our waitress was very friendly and attentive. I would recommend this place and will definitely come back again.
5	Been desperately (desperately!) searching for a ramen place in Phx after discovering the deliciousness that is ramen in San Diego, and I was pleasantly surprised when I drove by the "Noodles" sign on my way to a hair appointment down the street at Shampoo Ink.  Made a mental note to stop in afterwards for lunch. I am SO glad I did!Service was stellar - really some of the best service I've had in a LONG time.  Super friendly and attentive.The ramen dishes were all pork per the menu, but they were nice enough to sub chicken for me instead of the pork.  DELISH!  SO good.  No veggies like the place I love in Oceanside, CA, but still, the flavor was there and it was awesome.This will be my new lunch place EVERY time I get my hair done.
4	The food here is awesome and very flavorful!If you are looking for a wide selection of Japanese food that is fresh and delicious, look no further!
5	Great place to get an awesome bowl of real noodles. Would never expect such a nice interior based on the outside of this building. Wait staff is awesome, and large portions of food, with everything being fresh and incredibly reasonably priced.
4	I've been here several times and have always enjoyed my experiences. The staff is really friendly and helpful. I like the grilled salmon with ginger sauce which comes with miso soup, salad, and rice. I think the range of items is really the neat part about Cherry Blossom. It seems impossible to come here and not find something you like. Although I haven't really tried any of their Italian dishes, I've heard they are pretty good also. Definitely worth a try if you are in the area!
5	Really great place. Small and cozy, they have a good selection of many cuisines. Mostly centered around noodles and pasta, but with great soups and salads as well. My wife and I really enjoyed our lunch. She had the hot beef Thai Salad and I had the Miso ramen with salmon. No complaints here!
3	Eclectic place with random menu. Food took forever to come out - over 35 minutes for a bowl of ramen and some stir-fry noodles. Ramen is already made and noodles with some beef are so easy to make, so I don't know what was going on in the kitchen.  I thought both dishes were too salty and the cha su was very dry. The ramen should also have more vegetables to balance out the bowl. I was glad I added on some tempura vegetables.  It satisfied my craving because I was sick and wanted soup, but I'd probably stay away from ramen next time. If/when I come back, the other food and service must be really good to win me over.
5	what else is left to say that the other ~400 reviews haven't mentioned?We started with potstickers and they were delicious, prepped really well. I ordered the spicy Korean beef and it was oh so good. I think this can go down as one of the best dishes I have ever had in my life. With each bite you experience so many different flavors. I can't wait to go back to this place and try something new.
5	Love this place!!  Ask for Josh.  The only downfall is the horrible slow as a turtle, piano music.  How about some K-Pop or something. I know that's Korean music but it's a start. ;0)
5	The best Japanese restaurant in Phoenix that I have been to so far.  I am a Japan native and this comes close to home cooking. Love it. Also, the desserts are a light and wonderful treat.
4	The Thai Beef Salad here is Amazing!  Spicy with tons of flavor.  I like their sushi too, but I go for this salad.  Try it!
2	Eaten here a few times now. Ambience is great, the servers I've had were friendly and charming (thank God), but the food is pretty standard.Ramen's okay, though inconsistent; I've had the Hakata a few times now, and it can range from overly salty to a bit lacking in flavor. When I want a bowl of noodles, I tend to go grab a bowl of pho since it's tastier and cheaper. Kind of miffed that I haven't been able to find a place in Phoenix that has good tonkatsu. Curry's nothing to write home about either - my mama makes better curry out of the Golden Curry cubes. You can't help but be discouraged when the curry tonkatsu at a Korean school cafeteria is way better than at your local Japanese restaurant. Definitely overpriced for the quality.Perhaps I'm simply ordering the wrong dishes, from the look of other reviews, so I haven't completely given up on this place.
5	Cherry Blossom is about as solid as they come. I have yet to find a dish that was anything less than delicious. There have been some that were less memorable than others, but they have all been solid. Tonight's venture consisted of two Yakisoba dishes, one with chicken and one with seafood. The proteins in each were both cooked very well and the overall flavor of the dishes was bountiful. I have yet to try any of the sushi or Italian options, but I look forward to giving them a whirl on one of my next visits. The atmosphere here is super cozy, the service has always been friendly and to-the-point, and I ultimately have nothing but praise for Cherry Blossom.
5	Happy Hour is a great Value - Good Selection and quality.Try sitting at the bar overlooking the cooks.  Fun to watch your meal being assembled.Also a problem when you see all the gret dishes going by....Don't Snoh a few door down
4	Thank you to Becca and Dave H. for getting me to go to this restaurant. Yes, it had been on my bookmark list for over a year. Yes, every time I went by I said 'I want to go there!' And, yes, I did browse their menu online on several occasions and yet...I never went here. Well, when I got a text from Dave inviting us there, I knew it was time. Boy was I happy! The food here was great. They brought out bread at the beginning of the meal (which is very strange for an Asian noodle place), but the bread was good, especially the cinnamon toast..yum. I ordered the spicy gyoza soup on happy hour for only 5$. It was large enough for two meals and had tons of flavor. The gyoza was nothing special, but the broth was amazing! So spicy and flavorful...it was awesome. I got to try Becca's Tantan noodles (or something) which was spicy noodle soup with ground pork.....ohhhhh definitely what I would get if it weren't happy hour. It was so delicious, similar to the gyoza soup, but with more smokey flavor. It was wonderful. The two guys got the beef curry noodle soup which was odd, but in a good way. It had a middle eastern flavor that was really delicious and something I had never tasted before. It wouldn't be something I would order, but it was very good. The prices were also reasonable, about 10$ pp. Needless to say, I will be back without hesitation!
1	The worst experience I've ever had. I should have known better when they told us 15 minute wait turned to 40. Then finally seated by the door a crowd of people also waiting for to be seated standin behind us. We waited 15 then for our server to make his first appearance...we left. Ridiculous.
4	This is a delicious spot especially for lunch. Sushi is fresh and good. Spicy gyoza soup appetizer is delicious and flavorful. The shrimp lettuce wraps aren't traditional, they taste more like something you would serve on top of rice, however they are amazing!! Tan tan men is good for a cold day, but doesn't have much meat.. Huge portion of noodles though. Place is so cute inside even though it looks like a shitty strip mall location! Must go! I will be back many more times.
2	There is only about 4 pieces of meat about the size of my thumbnail in my Hakata bowl. So disappointing.
5	I absolutely love this little cafe restaurant.  Everytime I came, I had very friendly service! Also the food is amazing.
5	I've been here only once for lunch and I was really pleased.  I think the Bento Box is the best value, perfect for a quick lunch.  The decor is really surprisingly authentic to a neighborhood ramen-ya in Japan.  The staff were very nice.  I took a little tart with me as a treat for later, loved it, and wished I'd gotten more.  I'm definitely going back again.
1	Was craving sushi and decided to give this place a try. I was really reluctant since this restaurant serves Italian , Korean and Japanese. It took forever for the server to show up after we were seated, so an automatic minus one star for that. And then when the waiter decided to come by , he was in an extreme hurry. Ordered the sushi combo, added a miso soup and bowl of steamed rice. Also ordered the philly roll. Waited forever to get a refill for my drink forever. The only thing that they were fast at was giving us the bill, before we even finished eating!!!The quality of the sushi was really bad, rice portion was lacking, the rolls were falling off and overstuffed with bland an unfresh generic seafood.They forgot to get me my bowl of rice, this place is the worst sushi place ever. We also noticed that the people preparing the sushi were of Hispanic origin. That explains the sushi quality but it doesn't explain the jack of customer service.
5	This place is busy on the weekends. Expect a 30 minute wait. I didn't mind, but some other patrons seemed to. Cherryblossom is very cozy, and the waiter who served us was very nice. He updated us on our orders. Service was a little on the slow side, but given the wait to get a table, I wasn't surprised.The chicken yakisoba noodles were great, not too much sauce and plenty of chicken; the philly roll was all right--tastes just like any other. My boyfriend was disappointed that the tempura roll was rolled into tempura flakes instead of flash fried. But overall, I enjoyed the food and would like to come back.
5	I went to CherryBlossom about a month ago and it was a very memorable experience. It is very small, but the atmosphere was excellent, as was the service.  I had the Hot Soba Noodle Soup with Sansai Mixed Mountain Vegetables.  This was delicious!  I find myself craving this soup very frequently.  The restaurant was also very classy, and I would be happy to take family, friends, and even my boyfriend's business associates to this location.  They have happy hour prices, too.  Some good happy hour specials are a $3 draft beer, $2 California roll, $3 crunchy roll, and a $5 summer roll.  I plan to go back ASAP!
4	We ordered the dragon roll and spicy tuna roll, dumpling app. and korean beef rib noodles. Everything was very good. The sushi was outstanding! I will be back!
4	Best ramen place in the valley. Try their hakata ramen. The broth is very soothing and so good. If you like it spicy then definitely try tan tan men. I wish they had more places like this in Phoenix area.
1	Had a few people tell.me about it, like Asian dishes and decided to give it a try. They also serve Italian food, kind of weird. Its not the typical hole in the wall feel. feels like a small coffee shop. Got the pad thai and added chicken. Was presently surprised at the amount of chicken that was on the plate. That soon was wrecked when I found multiple pieces of pure fat and the food was bland.The kitchen staff is loud, saw another employee give the cooks cash (I assume tips) them handle it and not wash hands. I immediately stopped eating, finished my beer and left.Not a good expierence, I won't be back.
3	If I could give it a 3.5 star I would. We were seated quickly, and the server was nice and prompt. My rating is more or so less based off the food experience. The bread was soft and sweet--Oh so good. The Tofu Steak came with a sauce and mushrooms which was a good starter with just the right amount of flavor. The pad thai tofu and tan tan men -vegetarian style was less desired with no variances in spice and little to no kick. I was disappointed, but it was decent it just lacked flavor which I hoped it had
5	Amazing that a cafe like this can do great sushi, Italian pasta, and ramen!  Try the low carb soy noodles in your Italian dish.  Good stuff.
4	If it's a GREAT bowl of traditional Japanese noodle soup you're in search of, this is it. I'm sold solely on their noodle soup bowls that I haven't tried any of their other entrees. The bowls are big, you get a good amount for your buck in my opinion. The TanTan Men is good if you're looking for a spicy soup.The Miso is great if you're feeling a seafood soup.The Hakata soup; you will not go wrong ordering this bowl. The noodles, the broth. So good.The Cha-shu; is the Hakata but with MORE delicious pork included, you can't go wrong. And even if you don't normally eat a lot you'll have a hard time not wanting to eat the entire bowl. At least that's what I've experienced. Because the place is popular and the space is small, you may have to wait awhile for service and to put in your order, but once you receive your delicious bowl of goodness you will quickly forget!
3	Probably one of the fewest Japanese restaurants that are decent in AZ.  Nothing phenomenal but it is as good as it gets out here. The prices are good but the restaurant is tight and crowded when it's busy.  It's not a relaxing atmosphere for dinner. A great spot to eat out with friends.
5	Great place for any occasion.  Food is great. Sushi is fresh.  Service is amazing. Eat here once a week. And I live in Chandler
5	This is the place I come when I crave for an authentic Japanese noodle dish.  Ika mentai pasta I had tasted just like the one I had in Japan. I don't know any other places that serves tarako (cod fish eggs) in Phoenix. If this place is closer to my house, I would come here every week!They also have a great selection of desert. I tried strawberry short cake. It was so moist and the cream was not too sweet, just right amount of sweetness made it so perfect and I ate all... May be it's a good thing that this place is not too close to my house. I may try their cake too often and I have to watch my girly figure if I do :).
4	At last I've finally tried the beloved Cherry Blossom Cafe, and now I wonder what took me so long and when can I return! I asked for suggestions from my friends who are frequent customers, and everything came with rave reviews. In the mood for late night spice I chose the Tan-tan Men, a spicy noodle soup made with minced pork, delicious! Of course when offered more chili I dropped a spoonful or two in but only to add to the heat, the flavor was pure perfection! The prices were reasonable, the service was prompt and friendly and the menu offers so many choices, ramen, sushi, udon, miso, salads, and wait for it....Italian yes you read correctly bit unique but is that ever a bad thing..? Variety is the spice of life, when done well and Cherry Blossom has done just that and more!
3	I had very high expectations coming here with all the great reviews.  The resturant is a lot bigger than it looks outside, nice staff.  We had Tan Tan mein, Hakata Cha shu ramen, and Agedashi tofu.  Tan Tan mein- It was a little too spicy for my taste but my boyfriend really liked it.  The noodles were really yummy.Hakata Cha shu ramen- I'm not a fan of this one.. I have had much better ramen.  I try not to let my Californian snobby food opinion but I can't help it.  LA is home to so many AMAZING ramen places.  This was not even close to comparison.  Agedashi tofu- A bit different from what I am use to but none the less really good.  The sauce that it sits in is super yummy.Overall, I might come here again for a second opinion... I'm not sure it will meet my expectations, my old roomie was a big japanese food fan and she brought me to all the amazing places in So Cal. So expectations are super high for ramen and other japanese appetizers!
4	My last review of this place was 3/2011 and I still love the hell outta this place. The food is very good, varied, and inexpensive. They have a really great happy hour, too. My faves are their spicy Korean beef, crispy calamari, and sushi combo (great deal). Service is consistently spotty. We went about a month ago and our server kept breaking glasses as she was really rushed. That was annoying as we were seated by where she was breaking the glasses. I love the bread they bring to the table but when I recently ordered takeout ($45 worth of food), the guy told me they no longer provide it free for takeout and would have to charge per roll. Cheap!!!Regardless, I love this place and will continue to return even if I have to deal with the inconsistencies.
5	VERY COOL ITALIAN/JAPANESE FUSION SPOT!I discovered this place because it is one of the few restaurants in the area that serves Ramen. If you're a foody like me, you know what I'm talking about when I say, "Ramen" and not  that BS generic top ramen shit... But yes they serve it here! =)The Ramen was pretty good, not as good as Japan or in my hometown Bay Area, CA but it was good! I enjoyed this restaurant because it's probably the only place I've ever been to that specializes in both Japanese and Italian cuisine.THEY HAVE A AWESOME HAPPY HOUR MENU which literally cut the price of some menu items in half! =) MUST TRY AND RECOMMEND!!
5	5 stars...no 10 stars...f*ck it - I'd give Cherry ALL my stars if I could.I'm moving to SF tomorrow - land of Asian food galore, and where do I go for my last meal out in Phoenix? Yep, Cherry.  It's that good.I have a few dear friends to thank for turning me on to this place, and ever since they did I've been having extremely unnatural cravings.  Is ramen withdrawal a serious condition?  I won't be asking my doctor for fear he says to stop inhaling it.  Everything I've tasted at Cherry is divine, but what you come here for is the broth.  Broth so delectable you'll want to bathe in it, for real.My recommendations for newcomers:Gyoza PotSake Clams Cha-shu TanTan-MenExtra Chili Paste - alwaysCherry, I will miss you dearly.  Luckily I have friends who are sure to send me frequent snapchats of their future noodle feasts.  Until we meet again, mmmmmmmmmm.
4	Been here a few times. It's a strange mix of foods (sushi, ramen, and Italian?!) with the ambiance more like a French cafe, but it somehow works. Their pad thai is tasty and I love the udon. The portions are quite large and they don't skimp on protein. Staff is all very friendly and it doesn't break the bank. I want to come back and try the ramen, the table across from me demolished theirs so it must be good.
5	5 stars!!! Luv all their food. Since moving from La, I have missed good Asian food!! The udong and katsu bowl curry is my favorite. Their Korean style dishes does not taste Korean but it's still good. And compared to all the other Asian restaurants in town, this beats them!! Still trying out everything on their menu!! Very good!!! Luv this place!! A little over priced but you do get a lot of food!! And for dessert, you can go next door to the Snoh place!! Yummy!!
4	First time at cherry blossom and I must say it's a great place to get a bowl of ramen. Especially during happy hour, just because you get more for your money.The waiter was attentive, the service was excellent, the food was delicious (from the bread basket to spicy salmon, all the way to the ramen).There's a steady flow of customers that come in and you can tell that they all enjoy themselves and the food. It really hows. I can't wait to come back and try more food off the menu everything sounds super delicious.
4	Loved the food! Potstickers are good start and any noodle bowl is good. Ya lil cramped inside but it's a nice cozy kinda feel.
4	Ordered the tempura plate and the Katsura curry with a green tea .Everything was amazing will be coming back!
5	I've been to cherry blossom before and didn't have a good experience with it. After hearing rave reviews about their ramen, I decided to give it another try. I was pleasantly surprised with how much I enjoyed their ramen. My husband ordered the spicy Tan-Tan with a side order of sliced pork and I ordered the Cha-shu. I liked them both and would order them again. I really liked the broth and noodles of both bowls. Will be coming back!
5	LOOOOVE this place!! PAD Thai is delicious :)
5	I haven't been here but my friend says it amazing by any chance does anyone know I they serve bubble tea or calpico?
4	We have been to this restaurant multiple times. The restaurant serves both Asian and Italian dishes. This is my hubby's favorite place for ramen noodles and he told me the broth is pretty close to the flavors you'd find in ramen houses in Tokyo. According to one of the employees, the broth cooks for at least 6 to 8 hours to develop its rich flavor. The pasta with squid and cod roe is also a favorite. Too bad we live so far from it, otherwise we would go much more frequently.  Be sure after dinner to stop by Snoh Creamery a few doors down. The shaved ice is creamy and delicious.
5	I am so glad I found this place, the cha shu ramen was what I got, I added an egg, it was amazing. I've had better pork but the broth and noodles made up for it big time! Phoenix doesn't have a really big Asian community esp in comparison to LA and MN so I was happy to find a place with proper good noodles. I'm a noodles freak! One of the best ramens I've had.
4	I literally wake up in the middle of the night ravenous and craving ramen at least twice a week, so I have been on the hunt for a really good ramen place for a while now.  I know, I know.. this is Phoenix, so how good of a bowl of ramen can I really expect here?  We have some pretty good restaurants, but definitely not the best Asian food.  However, I was pleasantly surprised to how good the broth was.  I got the Cha-Shu ramen and the broth was not too salty annd to me, had great flavor.  The noodle texture was alright- nothing too spectacular.  But since the broth was really good, I would give it a 4/5.
5	This place is local favorite!  Such a random menu from sushi to Italian food yet nothing disappoints!
3	First time at cherry blossom cafe, the food is very good 4 stars, however my server in particular very very rude and not helpful with menu questions, took him 20 minutes to bring the bread and appetizer, we ask for a side of rice in the middle of our food, we had to ask other servers for it, he just forgot, very bad attitude, I say to those guys if you don't like your job, do something else, don't serve people
5	Amazing! Ramen was spicy and delicious! A must try. I totally recommend the California crunchy roll. Fresh flavors and reasonably priced. Will tell every sushi lover I know
4	Just popped my Cherryblossom tonight... what a treat.Was greeted and seated promptly. Hostess had a side pony. Hip as ef.Sat down and met our server as he brought waters to the table. solid.Place felt a bit crowded but still cozy and sexy like my favorite onesie...The spicy Korean beef plate was littered with beef. So good it made it on my shirt as well... than was taken to mouth sex Ramen cove with a big bowl of the TanTan-men... lots of heat in my body was producing at an almost swampy rate and maintained till the last drop.Only thing i see that can improve is knock down that silly wall that divides the two different rooms for seating (more viewable space will make it seem less crowded i promise). Also unless your a Village inn or a bakery you shouldn't have a dessert display? hope that is not just me thinking that. A bit cheesy and the servers I'm sure would love the extra room for service purposes. Maybe a new expo window??Will be back soon. Like tomorrow.
5	RAMEN is absolutely AMAZING! Better than santouka, which is supposed to be the best ramen place in California. Can't wait to get me another one!
1	Omg!! Wow! rude. Rude. rude. After a busy long day (which included going to the dentist) I was so excited to sit down and eat my first meal of the day (at 4pm)---I was starving!!! At a table for one, I ordered a squid salad and three rolls. I thought "hey even I don't finish it, I'll have a few pieces for lunch tomorrow." the waitress (older Asian lady) said "are u going to eat all that?I'm not giving you a to go box" I was like , are you effin kidding me?!, and replied, "I'm sure gonna try to!" to which she argued, "but you are so thin!" I thought "so if I was bigger, it would be ok? Wtf?"! I had to assure her that I eat a lot and was very hungry. Again, wtf?! She said "well why don't u just get one roll, it's eight pieces." do not tell your patrons what they should orderr! Ridiculous. We comripmised on two rolls, which I ate all of! Thank you! AND I was hungry an hour later without leftovers! I am so disappointed and insulted.
4	My husband and I decided to try this place at the last minute, and we managed to get a table before happy hour was over (great deals).  I got the tan-tan men, while  he got the cha-shu.  We were both super happy with our food - practically licked the bowls!  Our server (think his name was Brandon), was attentive and prompt.  The mango lemonade was also delicious.  We recently moved here, and I miss my favorite ramen places in Minneapolis.  But, Cherryblossom looks like it might fill the void!
4	Great food at a great price. This place is a great find and thanks to yelp and the great reviews I read I decided to try it out and all I can say is the good was awesome!!!!! If you are in the area stop by and try this place out I would totally recommend it. Thanks again YELP for helping me find a great place to eat.
5	The food is tasty.  I will definitely make the trip to try it again.  The only issue is it's quite crowded and they don't seem to have enough servers but I guess this is typical to all good restaurants.  I would still recommend this place to anyone.  I will also try their pastry next time.  It appears that this was a bakery in the past and then turned into a restaurant.
5	Im always bringing everyone here!! I love it so much I highly recommend rainbow roll and crunchy rollsHappy hour is a great time to try new things and great dealsThey have more than just sushi
2	Think this place has an identity problem. Japanese and Italian? Hmmmmm....Food: I had the japanese side of the menu. The special roll and stir fry beef noodles. The roll was under whelming and the noodles were extra greasy. Service: Place was packed and service was extra slow.Price: Overpriced.Restaurant decor: French bistro.Now do u inderstand my confusion to this fusion? I probably wont b back. Surprised with all the yelp reviews...disappointed.
5	this place is wonderful! everything me and my husband have had here is absolutely delicious! everything is fresh and very tasty. great menu and a good happy hour on fridays! check out the cherry blossom noodle cafe!
1	Tried it again ONLY because some friends were having a special occasion for an early-ish dinner.One would think that the owners would at least LOOK at the reviews. Would address some of the issues but it never fails to amaze me that time and time again they have all the same issues and all the same problems. This time the staff behind the counter in what I imagine barely passes as a kitchen, were so loud, rude and inappropriate that we could hear their banter and loud voices in the dining area. Is there no manager!?!I didn't think it was possible that the food could possibly get worse but it has. The upside is the calamari wasn't quite as rubber-like this time. On the downside, the service still was HORRIBLE in every way.So, no good news here. Avoid.
4	I'm relatively new to the phoenix area and my girlfriend was craving some ramen so we looked up this place and it sounded like sonewhere we wanted to try.At first glance its a tiny hole in the wall restaurant but after entering its actually a little bigger than it looked from the outside. seating is still relatively limited and we showed up right at lunchtime so we had to sit in a back corner but I stil diidnt feel cramped. the interior is kept clean and smells like a combination of good food and floral arrangements. The food itself was really good. I wasnt disappointed with anything we ordered. I had a chasu-pork rice bowl that was delicious.It was a little on the small side as far as portions go but  it came with a small bowl of miso soup that was pretty tasty as far as miso goes. I also ordered a california crunchy roll which was great and for a good price $4 and change. my girlfriend ordered a bowl of tan tan men- bbq pork ramen that was a really generous portion in a larger bowl. The food was also served with some complimentary bread rolls and we had some sweet pink lemonade to wash it all down. All in all the food was great and we ended up paying only $26 which for a pretty good lunch.The service was great once we got to the table we were taken care of the entire time and the waiter was really nice. I definitely recommend this place ad will be coming back.
4	Can't beat their happy hour! Food comes out fast and fresh. Sometimes I do find that I'm looking around for my server to bring refills/the check but for $3 sushi rolls I really can't complain! The decor is not what you'd expect to find inside but who cares when the food is this good?
4	Tan tan men - it was pretty good.  flavorfulchampon - it was pretty good.  flavorfulCrispy calamari, portion was small compared to the salad version.We saw the calimari salad  for another table and it looks impressive in size.  I also saw it dressed with mayo salad dressing.  Wonder how that taste.   Definitely not good if you are watching your weight...;)There was about four chefs cooking right in front of us because it was an open kitchen and we were sitting at the bar right in front of them.  We saw every dish that they pushed out and they were all made from scratch.  The ingredient was definately fresh and the chefs has skills.  It was impressive to watch.  They served chinese, vietnamese, korean, american, french, and japanese food from that four chefs...
5	The ramen was delicious! This was actually our first ramen in Arizona which is first and best! The sushi was nice and good! Our server was funny and friendly! This was the first and best Japenese food in Arizona!!!!!!!!!!
1	I got the worst food poisoning I have ever had in my life from this place. It has been three days and I'm still having trouble eating and digesting food. I do not recommend eating here
5	amazing passion fruit tea, and udon soup!!!
3	The food is spectacular! The only thing is because it is such a small place, it's takes a while to get the food out. Another thing is the seating. It is very small so every table is really close together. Other than those two things, cherry blossom is so good! The food is great, the atmosphere is great, and the service is great as well!
4	Great restaurant. One of those places where you wish they had a better location or bigger building because it can get packed. Tucked in a small shopping strip, next to Snoh and across the street from Oregano's. Food is totes delish. Service can be questionable: the nice waiters are super-nice, the not-so-nice waiters are tolerable.Great menu. Asian food or Italian. Yum, yum, and yum! Kid-friendly? Not so much. Small dining area. Kind of compact. Decent prices. Needs a fresh remodeling, but no big deal.
4	Excellent. Ordered the Korean spicy beef dish. It was great. Worth the drive. I will definitely go there again, for sure.
1	Very rude Service. Walked in at 4:40pm. The place was totally empty. The only other customer in the place was leaving. I was then led to a small table in the back. I asked if I could move to a larger table in the front next to the wall. I was told NO! I have to sit in the back where I could smell the bathrooms. Unbelievable over 50 empty tables and I was told I have to sit there.I then immediately walked out! Don't have to spend my $$ at a place that is so unfriendly towards it's customers.
3	I used to go here a lot when I would be in Arizona for either kendo or work. I went back for the first time in a long while. I ordered the inari and vegetable tempura udon. The broth was pretty good along with the udon. The one thing that puzzled me was I asked for spinach in the udon and it tasted like cilantro? Maybe they had some mixed in with the spinach. Sorry but I do not like cilantro.
4	My wife and I checked this place out on Wednesday night.  They were very busy, but able to seat us right away.  It's in a small strip mall but the interior is modern and very nice.  We ordered the Gyoza, ramen and chicken pad Thai.   The food was very fresh and high quality.  The veggies were very fresh and the noodles were high quality.  I enjoyed that.  The food was very good, but required a little work (with hot chili) to get it to the perfect flavor for my pallet.  The service was good.  Although it seemed that they were a bit stretched for the busy Wednesday night.  All in all it was a good experience and we will be back.  It took about 10 minutes after were eating to get our check processed.
5	I went here on a Friday after work for some dinner. The parking can be a challenge so have some patience. I have had this place bookmarked for several years but I have never really found myself in the area to take advantage of this place. I was trying to decide on a couple of Korean dishes. There was one that was cooked in a skillet with rice and the dish that I finally chose was the Spicy Korean dish with beef and noodles. I'm really not a more spicy the better aficionado. I don't mine a little heat as long as it compliments the meal. I thought the spiciness to this dish was just right. They give you a huge portion and our waiter was always there to refill my water glass because my mouth was en fuego at times.The cost was under $12 and a good deal for the amount of food received. The service was excellent and my wife really enjoyed this place as well. I will be back!
1	I'm giving one star and that's being generous considering the horrible service my coworkers and I just experienced, it was appalling! I have never dealt with such a rude person while trying to get simple take out! From the phone call placing our order to walking out, food in hand, every moment we felt like we were not welcome. I understand gathering four separate orders can be a pain but you're a restaurant, I can't imagine we were the first group with this request!  I'm not saying I will never eat here again because that is not the case but I can say I will never get take out for more then one person from here, what a mess!! VERY disappointed!
4	Lots of menu items to choose from. Got shrimp pad Thai and California crunch roll, both good. Always had friendly service, though the place gets busy and parking is rough. Japanese Italian cuisine, there's something for everyone. Love their bread.
5	For ramen and broth fanatics, this is literally as good as it gets. Always very busy, and there's a reason for it. PLEASE Cherryblossom, if you're listening, launch a location in OldTown. Cha Shu Ramen #1 must, however definitely go with the egg noodles in this one. Smoky, creamy broth will have you feening. Udon Suki Pot #2 must, they crack a raw egg on top to finish it off and the broth is so hot it cooks it. Deliciously flavorful beef broth.Spicy Gyoza Soup Appetizer #3 must. Must. Must. Must. Warning, it is actually extremely spicy, it will make your nose run. But I literally had a couple dreams about it, it was that good. I actually didn't like the champon noodles very much, but might be a personal preference. The tan-tan men noodles were very good as well. Sushi is decent. Haven't tried the asian-italian fusion dishes but my ex always ordered one and they looked absolutely fantastic.
3	This place is pretty cool. Great atmosphere and good food. Their service is hit or miss, sometimes it's good other times they kinda forget about you. I go back because I really like their food.
5	Reasonably priced for the quality of food received. Went on a date here and loved it so much that I came back to show my mom and sister how delicious the food was. Popular little hidden restaurant that I would highly recommend to anyone. The menu is so extensive and everything looks so delicious that deciding on what to eat is a problem I love having when I go to a restaurant. Service is just a tad slow but that is expected as it is a very popular spot apparently, so I don't mind because the food is worth the wait. For $47 for 3 very stuffed people, including appetizer, entree and drinks, had to take a lot home to as the portions were well sized. The atmosphere is really relaxing to tables aren't no close together, so cute place to take a new date or the family.
4	Finally came to this cafe after hearing about it from my friends for so long~Rolls were a highlight as the Negiyama Roll was a well crafted mix of green onion/yellow tail and the Ebi Roll was full of tempura goodness. The three noodle dishes we tried were pretty good in comparison to place like mido and sushi ken but not on the five star level of eateries in Little Tokyo in LA and Japantown in SF.Only con was that it was freezing in our corner of the restaurant but getting a hot soup can easily remedy that -  can't wait to come back and try the other things here.Good prices, excellent food! (Also appreciate the diversity of their menu ^^)
5	The food here is wonderful and the price is amazing! They have a beautiful atmosphere and the staff here are really nice! It's great for get togethers and parties! What I love most is their dessert! Their cakes are lightly sweet and not bland! Not to mention that their desserts are so light! If you can also order take out! Cherry blossom is truly amazing.
4	Strange combination of Japanese food meets Italian. I was very skeptical yet pleasantly surprised. I expected fusion food but discovered it was more separate but equal. Sushi I had was good and fresh, Italian pasta I sample was rich and flavorful. I did find myself eating the  pasta with chops stick. LOL. This is a great first date restaurant for it's cheap prices and large selection of possibilities.
5	LOVE this place. Atmosphere and food is great! For drinks, the milk tea is a must try. Wish they had a location in Scottsdale so I could go here more often. Think of a French, (though it says Italian, I got more of a "Frenchy" feel), and Japanese mixed into one. Thats what you get here. The place is small, yet very elegant and everything is done right.
4	Nice and cozy..perfect for a lovely evening. Loved the sushi here.
4	I've been craving some Japanese style noodles since I returned from my tour of Asia, and this place really hit the spot!The service left a little to be desired, but I think the waiter was just having a bad day. If you love noodles, definitely check this place out!
4	I like how the menu crosses continents.  It's nice to have options.  My husband ordered the ramen.  It's definitely tasty comfort food.  Nothing like the packaged stuff were used to.  I ordered jap chae.  It was a little salty do I marked them down a star.  It would have been nice if my noodles weren't swimming in soy sauce.  The waitstaff is nice but it took a while to get our check and I was starting to get bored since we already ate all of our meal.  To leave this review on a couple of positive notes, I liked the warm bread and sweet baguettes they bring out while you wait.  And the eclectic style of the restaurant was cozy.
4	They have really fresh sushi.  It's a great little place for lunch.  Very nice staff.
4	Yum Yum Yummmm! After seeing their prices and ratings online, my husband and I knew we had to check this place out. Aside from the just really terrible hostess situation, it was a great experience.The hostess situation was almost a laugh because it was just ridiculous. We walked in at 8, two hours before close, and one hostess was hunched over the counter doodling. She barely looked up at us, then looked over to her partner, who also barely looked at us and did not say a word. She grabbed two menus and motioned for us to sit down at the closest table, which happened to be sandwiched in the corner of two other populated tables. This is awkward for everyone, since the rest of the place was empty and we had to do that weird "scoot around each other" move any time someone wanted to adjust their chair. The silence of both hostesses was the most unnerving, though. Whatevs, the food was great and our server was great and our bill was cheap! We got the sushi combo with a spicy tuna and an Alaskan, and even though I omit avocado due to an allergy the rolls were a good size. We also got the chicken pad thai and took home leftovers. All was well, and we will surely be back.
3	Oh Cherry blossom cafe, how excited I was for trying you out.  But maybe I had too high expectations, but I really found it average, nothing special.  First off, the location is cute, and we were given quick and good service from the start.  We came here for lunch, and I ordered the pad thai noodles while my wife ordered miso soup lunch special which came with a California roll.  Good value for lunch and the pad thai was good, but I wasn't wowed by it.  Miso soup was good, hard to mess that up.  I would have liked to try more, but I was a little put off by the menu.  Well, you can order pad thai, Ramon, and chicken parm?  Hard to specialize in a wide variety of food.  Again, I think food was average, but it wasn't bad.  I just would rather go to a more authentic restaurant for my favorite noodle dishes next time.  Not a bad place by any means so try it out for yourself.
4	I went to Cherryblossom Noodle Cafe for lunch at the recommendation of a coworker. The prices were reasonable, the portions were generous, and the service was pretty quick.
4	Whenever I am hungry I can count on this place to send me out content! The food is great and there is such a wide variety to pick from. Not feeling like Asian food? No probelm! Pick from one of their Italian pastas! Sushi is great and I recommend the curry!
5	Only place in Arizona with authentic cold buckwheat soba noodlesPrices are too low - Need to add a good ramen with all the fixons to add on and I would stop going to Japan to eat
4	This is my go to place for dessert. I only get the strawberry shortcake. I don't know what they put in there but it is simply heaven on earth. The cake is light as the clouds and the strawberries float amidst the layers in angelic bursts of freshness, not to mention that the whipped cream is well worthy to bathe in. I will say my last trip, I managed to take two slices (you can never have one) and tried the green tea cake. This may have just become the next contender for my affection. If you want indulgence without guilt, try it! I promise you will be smiling from ear to ear :)
3	The chicken Phad Thai here is like the casting of Mance Rayder in Game of Thrones...like I'm sure he is a great actor but his face is weird.
3	Went for Happy Hour, The sushi was disappointing. The rolls were sadly constructed and fell apart easily. A nice firm squeeze when constructing it would prevent a lot of this.The rolls all were some extension on their sadly constructed immitation crab, overly sushi-mayonaised, california roll.  So if i was to go again not at happy hour, i would not get a roll. I would direct myself to one of the other dishes which were satisfactory.
4	For a long time, I have been hearing great things about this place. We finally had a chance to go in the not-too-distant past, and we were not disappointed.I had heard that this is one of the few places in AZ that serves authentic Japanese food, primarily Japanese-style Ramen. Since being back in America after living in Japan, Japanese Ramen is probably the thing I miss the most. Well, after the wonderful people, of course! I know it is not originally a Japanese dish, but the Japanese style of Ramen is just the best! :) Oh, and GYOZA!! Of course!Of course, when we went to Cherryblossom, I definitely had to have some Ramen. It was excellent, as promised! My husband had some sushi since he loves the stuff, and it was pretty similar to decent Japanese sushi. I think they had "American sushi" choices as well, which is pretty different. :)Overall, it was a lovely experience. The environment was very nice as well. It was great to see some Japanese stuff on the walls and around the restaurant. It was pretty busy in there as well. My only complaint is that we didn't get to interact with any Japanese employees, so we could not practice our Japanese! :( There is always next time... :) Maybe we will have to sit at the sushi bar!
2	So this place just weirds me out too much. Ramen for dinner and an italian pastry from their dessert window? Makes me think that they were not sure what kind of restaurant to open. In other words, they didn't know which would be better, so they just serve both. If their Asian food was really that amazing, wouldn't they just eschew serving the Italian in the same place, and focus on Asian? Or vice-versa? So, while their noodles were good, they were missing all the other things that I like about Asian spots...namely, the hot sauces, diced chili in vinegar, asian drinks, maybe some coconut drink/dessert, and other non-noodle things that make an asian noodle place amazing. This is a place for old Phoenicians that think they are going outside of their comfort zone. For them, they are, and it is great. They experiment while they have their trusted spaghetti to fall back on. For a well seasoned Asian food eater like myself, this place fails.
3	I had the pad thai and the California roll. Both were pretty good but not mind blowing. They do have a very robust menu so I would go back to try more of their offerings.
3	Came here for happy hour on a super busy day where the wait was long and hot. Finally got seated after 15-20 minutes. Busy means good food. Ordered the rainbow roll and the calamari salad. Rainbow roll is the normal goodness of salmon, tuna, shrimp and avocado roll. This is good for variety. Calamari salad had its balance of calamari (the fried food) with greens (the good) and dressing. The service took what seems like years. Had an additional friend join and it took about 10 minutes minimum to get a menu. That's not cool! Then had to wait another decade for the check. Other than the super delayed service the food was yummy for a great price!!
3	I used to think they had the best tonkotsu ramen in Arizona but lately something changed. It's not as good as before. The soup tastes weaker and the meat is harder and tastes different. Also, miso soup should never come out by its self for Japanese food.
5	My eating companion and I absolutely love this place. We've been frequenting CB over the years and watched what seemed to be our little secret grow busier and busier. The staff is great and the food is even better. We never seem to wait long and it's a great atmosphere to bring a date or just chop it up with friends.
4	I tried the Gomoku Yaki Udon. Pretty good. Its a cute little place for dates or with friends. I am a fan...Not sold on the sushi part of the menu... its decent. No fishy taste, No warm taste... but not amazing quality..But like their sign says.. I think I will go with the noodles next time.
4	Came to this place on a random yelp find for lunch.  The first thing to mention is if you don't get here before noon good luck finding a parking spot.  You will need to park in the neighborhood and take a nice walk.  Walking in the front door it's a very small and quaint place with a few tables and some booth seating.  We were seated by the door and it was definitely a little warm like some of the tips said.  I ordered the Korean spicy beef.  The portion size was perfect and the flavors were on point.  Just enough spice to make you sweat a little but not burn your mouth off.  The beef was tender and had a good mix of veggies.  Over all great price and portion size for the dish. I also ordered one of slices of blueberry banana bread which was a perfect finish to the meal. All in all great place and I will be back for sure.
4	Nice, warm, cozy, noodle restaurant.I had the Zaru Soba here. And while I can say I've had better soba elsewhere (I rather love soba, so I order it wherever I can find it), I can certainly also say that it was still delicious~! It doesn't lack in the quality department. The food portions of this restaurant are *slightly* smaller than I'm used to, but for the price they're just right.Our waiters and waitresses tended to us quickly and neatly. They were servicing more than one table almost at a time, and yet they moved perfectly like clockwork. Not once did we feel as if we had to wait for another table to be finished being served before we could ask for another order.Ah, and I must say, their Sake Float... I'm not normally a fan of sake, or for most alcohol really... but this was definitely an exception for me. Then again, I'm a huge fan of ice cream, malts, shakes, floats, a la modes, and etc. I'm just surprised that it worked so well with sake.Other than that, their green tea milk is delicious - it reminds me of an old green tea dessert drink I used to buy in a bottle... they stopped selling those things in all stores I used to buy them at, so to have a similarly-sweet and smooth tasting green tea liquid treat in this restaurant was a wonderful surprise.And last, but not least, I just ordered their vanilla ice cream for dessert. Which complemented the foods I had that night wonderfully~All-in-all, this restaurant was a lovely experience. I certainly do want to come back when I can.4 stars for quality, service, and comfort.Not a perfect 5 because I know it can still be even better in their noodle quality/treatment.
5	The food is always good when I come here! I usually don't come very often unless I'm having ramen cravings, but the chashu ramen is always the way to go! So much flavor in the broth and the sushi is just as good! Usually you can tell when sushi is old or pre-made because the seaweed inside will be soggy and stringy, however I've never had a problem with that with the sushi here, it has always tasted fresh. I wish I knew the servers name who always waits on me, he's very very attentive and friendly and was always there with refills. I will always come in here whenever I'm in the area
3	It was ok. The food was pretty tasty, the service however was EXTREMELY slow, and things forgotten and duplicated that weren't supposed to be. Not sure I'll be back.
3	The restaurant features a menu as eclectic as its directionless, yet somehow a bit charming, decor (picture a British phone booth facing a red-brickwalled hallway and Japanese elements mixed in throughout); it's a blend of Italian and Asian pasta dishes, from which I've only ventured through the Asian portion of the menu.  The Asian noodles here can be outstanding and the selection is one of the best in central Phoenix, but there's not much more reason to come here.  My favorite is the beef udon suki, with chewy, thick noodles and lots of beef and flavor. The ramen dishes are passable, although not the best in the Valley (noodles are a little too thin and a bit overcooked, broth is a bit lacking in flavor, although still robust and meaty enough to be pleasant).  Skip the tantan-men, which is billed as a spicy soup and tastes like little more than that:  spice in soup.  As for rice dishes, the katsu is decent, but avoid most of the appetizers:  shrimp shumai were mushy and flavorless, the Korean spicy rib lacked the spice, richness, and tenderness you'd want from a dish with that title, and the gyoza are less than noteworthy.The lunch special is another great reason to come here:  for under $10, you can get a filling combination, like your choice of noodle soup with inari or a California roll.  Although the sushi isn't a reason to visit Cherryblossom and the California roll isn't something I'd jump at ordering even at my favorite sushi joint, it's a great deal.  And when you're really there for the noodles anyway, how can you beat that?
2	Food is hit or miss, but always packed and crowded. I've had the smoked salmon ramen and the udon stir fry. Neither were very good. Ramen was too salty and the udon was bland. The calamari salad is good after the first few bites, but the pieces of squid are huge and overly battered. The portion is huge, but you are left not wanting to eat the entire thing. The little scallop pasta appetizer was pretty good, and so is the bread they served complimentary when you are there at dinner (not happy hour). The sushi is about par with the grocery stores. Desserts look good in the dessert case, but I've never tried any. My biggest gripe is the terribly slow service! I've been there twice. Once on a Saturday around 3:30pm, once on a Friday night at 5:30pm. Both times, it took over 40-45 minutes to get our food. The last time I went, which will also be the last time I go, we waited close to 45 minutes and when I inquired with a waiter, he threw his hands up and in a joking tone,and said "it's happy hour, there's always a wait." He didn't bother to check on the status of our food. His attitude was, "Hey, we've got more business than we can handle...suck it up!"  If you have time to wait for mediocre food -- be my guest!
5	Great place! Stopped here on a whim with a friend from out of town and really enjoyed it. The food was fantastic and the service was even better! Definitely go to this place if you're in the area:)
5	Another GREAT meal here. Took the family tonight and got in pretty quick even though they were busy. My son had the miso ramen, I had the assorted tempura dinner and my wife ordered the tofu salad. We shared the squid salad appetizer and of course they always bring out bread & butter with your drink order. Everything was yummy as usual. My wife tried the mango tango drink? Very unusual taste, but in a good way. Already contemplating when our next visit will be.
2	Food is still good, but coming off the regular rotation list after tonight.  Was on the bubble with difficult parking and table waits, but tonight was ridiculous.  3 tables that came in after us had their dinners before us, with no explanation.  Table for 2 by the window, came in after us, finished eating and left before our appetizer came.  A shame.  What a way to lose business.  There are other places to go.
4	Interesting! I've had this place bookmarked for months but the parking lot is always swamped so I get impatient and leave. I was finally able to make it in.The restaurant is decorated like an Italian restaurant, and the menu even features a few Italian dishes. The staff are really nice, and our server was super attentive even when the restaurant got full.We tried the jap chae as an appetizer and it was wonderful. The beef was tender and full of wonderful flavor. The potato noodles were thin and delicious.The yakisoba tofu was slightly sweet, with a big portion and lots of well cooked tofu. It was awesome. Pad thai with chicken was simple but well done.I definitely want to come back, especially for happy hour. I wish I hadn't taken so long to stop in!
3	Food: - Tofu Steak with Shiitake Sauce: 4 pieces of fried tofu over some greens topped with green onions and sparse shittake mushroom. The sauce was tasty. I would have liked more mushroom toppings. - Pan Fried Gyoza: pork and vegetable dumplings. Your standard gyoza. Nothing special.- Cha Shu Ramen: noodles, BBQ pork, kikurage mushrooms, and green onions. This dish lacked flavor. I had to add 2 spoonful of hot sauce and soy sauce.Service: Quick and polite. Final thoughts: I would come back to try other dishes.
2	I also had very high expectations for this place, went with my friend John, and we both agreed our appetizer could've been better... we had the fried tofu in miso soup, and it is an odd idea to begin with, because fried anything will get soggy after been bathed in miso soup! so we are not fansI then ordered the Hakata Ramen, it was ok, again nothing special whatsoever, i needed to add a lot of hot sauce
5	Maybe I just have a very small stomach, but I feel the portions are huge! I always have someone else finish it for me or take it home because I hate to waste food, especially food so good as this. I love the noodles here and the sushi is excellent. The place may be small, but it is clean and never cramped. The staff has always been kind. I would not recommend the milky Pepsi though, unless you're into that kind of thing. I tried it just to say I tried it and didn't know what to expect. Tastes like milk poured into Pepsi, like it says on the tin. The teas are excellent though!
5	We have been coming to this place for years and it never disappoints. I just wish we could come more often! I've had some of the sushi and the miso with salmon ramen, which I definitely recommend! My daughter says this is her favorite restaurant. She loves the cha-shu ramen and a pork dish that I can't remember the name of, guess we will have to go back to find out!!!
4	Went for the first time today and was pleasantly surprised to learn it was a Italian Japanese fusion. I ordered the chicken katsu which was really tender. The salad was also really good. We will be back !
4	Love this place, discovered it by accident and have been in love since then....sushi is great, and their goyza spicy soup is the best!!!  I keep going back since is one of my favorites!!
5	I don't crave many things, but when I do, it's Cherryblossom Noodle Cafe! Amazing happy hour (if you can make it in time), amazing soup/ramen, and amazing sushi! You can't go wrong here! Everything on the menu is fresh and delicious! Can't wait to come back for more!
4	Was intrigued by all that they serve here at Cherryblossom Noodles Cafe; from sushi, pasta, japanese dishes and appetizers it really reminds me of the small mom and pop Japanese shops that are a bit eclectic but surprisingly delicious.I came in for lunch and had eyed their Ika Mentai pasta dish for a while. I ordered the Green Tea Milk and the Ika Mentai pasta. The meals come with a small house salad and dinner rolls and pieces of sweet, cinnamon toast.The Green Tea Milk was good, but not much Green Tea flavor and a tad bit sweet. You could see the sugar granules on the bottom. The salad was good, came with a citrus-ginger type dressing. The Ika Mentai pasta was delicious and simple. Baby squid, salted cod roe with buttery pasta noodles. It's seafoody, creamy and let's the seafood flavor really shine. I appreciated how well the pastas were cooked, the texture of the sauce and the amount of fish roe and squid that was provided. It was a big portion so I got to take half of the dish home. Definitely a place I would come back to to try more of their Japanese dishes and pasta. It's a tad bit pricey, but the price for the pasta was decent since it was largely proportioned. Service was good and the waitress was friendly!
4	This little restaurant  has a wade variety of noodles.  Their menu may be too large and sometimes makes your decision tough.their food is good not great. Mostly Asian fusion .many of my friends love this place. Service is a little slow  I would really rank it 3.5
5	Was looking for a noodle place in phoenix and found Cherryblossom. It was fantastic! Definitely the place to go for ramen and udon. Hidden gem.
5	I had ramen and my wife had Chicken Katsu.  Two nice, lightly breaded breasts for the Katsu with sauce that had a hint of sweetness, unlike most Katsu sauce I've tasted (liked it).  My ramen was wonder, wish I remembered the type of broth, but it was white; very rich and savory.
4	I've been craving ramen and yelp had lead me to this place. I'm glad it did. I came here for lunch and had their ramen and California roll lunch special. The ramen soup was so flavorful and perfectly cooked! I'm still craving it right now. The California roll was fresh and a great portion as well.I can't wait to come back and try more things on their lunch menu but you better bet I'll be ordering that ramen lunch special sooner than later!
5	We went on a Friday night at 6:30pm and it was busy.  We were told there would be a 30 minute wait.  We were seated in about 20 minutes which was nice.  Our waiter was awesome.  Attentive, intuitive, and friendly overall.  The food was also delicious.  The Pad Thai definitely had some citrusy undertones to it.  It wasn't very spicy but they have a very tasty five spice chili pepper shaker on the tables that boosted the heat substantially.The Korean Spicy Beef was very good as well.  It had decent heat and a well balanced, full flavor. We also order some sushi as an appetizer and I admit I was a bit biased against it being any good.  Mostly because a restaurant that bills itself as  Japanese, Italian, Asian Fusion is usually not likely to have decent sushi.  I was wrong.  My wife wanted the Vegas roll.  That is a roll that I generally dislike.  It is usually over breaded, or has too much cream cheese, or various other things wrong with it.  I vastly prefer nigiri or sashimi to rolls.  In this case I was pleasantly surprised.  It had a light tempura battering and the roll itself was extremely well balanced.  I would definitely order it again.
3	Decent ambience with decent service. Nothing too special. I ordered the spicy olive oil pasta with calamari and my dad ordered the prok katsu with curry. The spicy olive oil pasta was bland... had no flavor whatsoever and I literally felt like I was eating a plain bowl of carbs... not how I wanna waste my carb points lol. I would not recommend this pasta but I heard the marinara pasta isn't so bad. The pork katsu with curry was better. The curry was a tad bit sour for my liking but the pork was pretty good! My dad kept complimenting the rice, so I'll take his word for it. Overall I don't think I would come back due to the long drive but I wouldn't tell anyone not to check it out!
4	I love Cherryblossom.  The menu has Japanese and Italian dishes, ramen, sushi, alfredo, cute desserts, yummy drinks.  The pork katsu curry is delicious, their spicy ramens are good, the portions are huge! Noodles are cooked right, not over done. We've come here just to have dessert and coffee, they have a case of the prettiest cakes, mousses, and other pretty confections. Try making it down during happy hour, they have a happy hour menu with different rolls, Korean beef short ribs, beers, and other tasty things.  One of my favorite things here is the green tea mousse, but they don't always have it, so get it if you can.  Their green tea frappe is really good too, not overly sweet and fake tasting like some other places. This place is not quick, so come here when you can take your time.
5	Started eating here over four years ago. It's a regular stop any time I'm in Phoenix. I've never experienced any problems parking or with service. It's got great atmosphere and is usually busy with happy talkative diners, busy wait staff and a very hard working kitchen. As a matter of fact, get a good seat looking across the kitchen delivery spot and watch some real professionals cook great food that is served so hot that it begs waiting for a moment to avoid a burned tongue. I really love the Udon dishes they have...the little side salad that accompanies is a nice cold, tart beginning...grab a bottle of unfiltered Sake to go with your meal and watch the action as you enjoy great food. The prices are astonishingly reasonable given the service and food quality.I have recommended this place to many friends and will be going back as long as they're open for business.
4	Hole in the wall Asian fusion noodle house that packs quite the foodie punch! If you love noodles & tempura you'll fall head over heels for this place. [ Must Try's ] * Korean Beef Spicy Noodles * Sichuan Style Spicy Tan Tan-Men    w Minced Pork* Gyoza (simple but so good & freshly made)* Yakiniku Beef
5	The food was awesome and the staff was great.
4	Home away from home.  Love it.
4	This is one of the best Asian restaurants in the valley!  I've tried both their Asian and the Italian dishes and I was happy with my choice, which was a recommendation of the waiter.  It's always busy here--usually a wait, so you should not expect the waiter to be only serving you...that would be unreasonable. Bottom line, food is worth the wait!
3	A third time in a week's-worth of enjoying noodle soup. This time I had the Hakata which is almost the same as the Chasu Ramen but less pork - they didn't let me know that it was scrap bits of pork split between my friends same order! I was disappointed by the amount -if any- of pork that was in there! I would have to say, there are other local restaurants that actually give you the entire slices of meats. What a downer. :/ Anyway, the broth and flavor of the rest of the soup was still delicious. Note to self: just order the Chasu ramen. There def should be at least one whole slice of pork, maybe??
3	Our excitement to try this spot was sadly not realized in the taste of the food. Sickening amount of oil and wah wah wahhhh.. no flavor. Ordered the hataka ramen and spicy beef from all the raves from Yelpers. Boo on youuu. The place is cute, but we won't be back. Our search for great Asian food in midtown continues!!!
4	Everyone really enjoyed eating here.  We a beef udon hot pot, pork ramen, pad Thai and tan tan men. The broths were all delicious and unique.  It was fairly 'Americanized' but so are we, so it was great. I would highly recommend.
3	2nd time eating here and just as good as the first.  Lunch menu has affordable eats at various prices. The bread basket, which seems weird at a Asian fusion place, was standard but do try the toasted bread slices with cinnamon which slip to the bottom.  The tempura is light and tasty, Cajun shrimp pasta is to die for, Pad Thai comes with a plate full of noodles and veggies.  Service is slow because of the crowds.  Had to ask for more water and it took more than a moment to receive the bill.  A bit overpriced for noodles yet still good.  I would not make a special trip to visit.
5	I had a simple meal of the tofu steak steamed and it was delicious! My friends ordered from the Italian food section. I was worried, but they loved it!
4	This is a dusty (literally) little cafe. The pork and vegetable potstickers were yummy but served cold. The ramen with bbq pork was good but order it with "more pork" if you want more than 2 pieces of meat. The vegetable and tofu tempura was delicious in a broth. Service was not very good, they didn't come check on us or anything. I'd eat here again.
4	On a whim I decided to recommend Cherryblossom to my boyfriend, who happens to love ramen and treated me to a fantastic noodle house in California once upon a time. Since then I've tried another place besides Cherryblossom in the Valley and have been told that Phoenix just doesn't have a good "ramen scene." I'm glad I didn't give up my search before I remembered this place! Other reviewers are right, this place is definitely buzzing with activity, and with only one cook and what appeared to be one server on a Sunday evening they were doing remarkably well. It did, however, take a little while for the waiter to see us once we were seated, and the table next to us complained about not being given menus. Part of that may have been due to the layout of the restaurant- we were in a side room that seemed cut off from the rest of the place. Once our orders were placed the food arrived fairly quickly, and our drinks were delivered about the same time. To start we had gyoza, which arrived piping hot. He had the Tan-Tan Men (spicy ramen,) and I had the Cha-shu (a more traditional-style ramen.) As usually happens when I dine out with my boyfriend, he chose the better dish. The broth was very flavorful and spicy enough to set his nose running, which according to him was one of the more important criteria... I can't really argue with that logic since I treat horshradish similarly. My ramen dish was excellent, jealousy of my boyfriend's meal aside. The amount of pork in it was plentiful, and the noodles were soft and not too overcooked.The atmosphere of this place is very friendly and inviting, it would be a great place to grab lunch on a not-so-busy day, but it was still enjoyable even with the wait. It lent itself well to casual conversation. If you are a little impatient (or your date is) then it might be best to try somewhere a little less hectic. However if you don't mind sitting around a bit and chatting, I highly recommend checking out this local noodle house.
5	This place is amazing. You wouldn't even know it's there when you are driving by. It's in a very unassuming location, tucked back in the corner of a little strip mall. It's very small, but has huge charm. Their Pad Thai is so good. Also, though it seems like an Asian restaurant,  they also serve Italian food.  Best chicken marsala I have ever had. And they have a great happy hour. Try the potstickers, they are to die for.
4	We loved this Japanese, Italian fusion place! Shrimp shumai was so fresh the wrapper melted in my mouth and it was still hot, with hot mustard in the middle of the plate.  my son had chicken parm, noodles al denti, sauce fresh, quality cheese on the side, white meat cutlet seasoned but not covered up by mounds of cheese and not over salted.  Husband had udon soup - tastey, noodles were fresh as if they just made them. we will go back!
5	Co-worker introduced me to this little gem today for lunch. To sum the service and food into one word would be AMAZING! A little bit of everything-fresh sushi, udon and soba soups, Italian pastas, Asian noodle and ramen dishes made to order. I had the Pad Thai and my co-worker had the chicken katsu. Needless to say we will be back for more.
3	With this cool weather, I had a hankering for a bowl of hot ramen so to Cherryblossom I went.I decided to take advantage of the Happy Hour and got the Salmon Nigiri which came with 3 pieces and ordered the Hakata Ramen with an extra egg. The Salmon Nigiri was actually really good, soft and fresh tasting. The rice was a bit on the wet side so didn't keep it's form well under the Salmon. However, the flavor was there and tasted best with a touch of wasabi and a light dipping in soy sauce.The Hakata Ramen was pretty basic, I can tell they use powdered broth for their ramen as my tongue got a little bit funny feeling from the MSG. It comes with stick straight ramen, green onion, char-shu, wood-ear mushroom (ki- kurage) and my side order of egg- poached. The broth is Hakata style, made with pork bones and appears creamy, fatty and white in color. Though it is Hakata style, the flavors aren't complex as other ramen I've had and as I've stated was apparent they use a soup base mix/powder. The noodles were okay- though not always a fan of stick straight noodles, but the portion was just right. The char-shu was on the thicker side, but seasoned well. The egg, I wish was soft boiled instead of poached and lacked seasoning/flavor. Another thing that bugged me was that the ramen wasn't hot, it was warm ... perhaps sitting out in the pass a little too long?Over all I would come here for more Nigiri and pass on the ramen, the ramen is doable for the price point but nothing to get overly excited about. Thus far, their pasta and sushi seems the most promising here.The service is also pretty good as everything is friendly and quick!
4	I enjoy this place.  It's interesting.  :)They used to serve a blueberry bread but now its some kinda cinnamon and sugared pumpernickel bread and dinner rolls.  Eh.The sushi here is perfect.  Just the right amount of rice, fish cut just right and not boxy and thick on one side - pretty much as perfect as you can get around here.  The ramen is ok.  I thought the noodles were kind of lacking.  The broth was decent, though kind of heavy with sesame.  The pork was flavorful and plentiful.  Mostly its the atmosphere and the "little known" quality of the restaurant that is good.  The food is solid and pretty consistent.  The service is always pretty good.
5	Great salads at a very reasonable price!
5	First of all, Everyone I have introduce this place (and this is quite a few people) continue coming back over and over again. Best place for happy hour sushi weekdays from 3-6pm. If you don't like sushi no worries this place has you covered. Italian pasta dishes available. Suggestion: Try the spicy Tan Tan Ramen or the Yakisoba Noodles. Dessert is a MUST here. All desserts are made daily at the restaurant. I always get the Flan its creamy and caramel delicious!
5	Enjoyed a great UYE here today in the company of Reese J., Arana W., Robyn N., Scott W. and Norm R., celebrating Reese's Birthday!  For this first visit I started fresh biscuits and crispy toast crackers with butter, from the complimentary basket brought to the table by our friendly "Server #2."  (Sorry I didn't get her name.)For an appetizer I had a cup of Miso soup, and it was the best I've ever tasted!  Then it was on to the Korean "Yakiniku" platter, which included salad, a generous serving of thin slices of medium spicy beef with noodles and vegetables, and a separate serving of brown (by request) rice.  Lastly it was Reese's AMAZING Strawberry (Birthday) Cheesecake for dessert for everybody to share.  Wow, this was possibly the best CAKE I have ever tasted!     :-))Everything from the cozy atmosphere of this little cafe/bakery to the friendly staff and the generous portions of really delicious food earned 5 Stars.  Prices were reasonable too, and I can't wait to come back!     :-))Yakiniku $10.50, Miso Soup $1(!), Strawberry Cheesecake (if ordered separately by the slice) $4.50.
4	Great food and reasonable prices
5	Everything I ate was fresh and delicious!   I called aged of time to see if they had rice noodles.  They did.  So we went In and had shrimp tempura and gyoza for appetizers delicious.     They will make anything with rice noodles very friendly place. Love the decor.
