4	Yum! Chipotle!One just opened up on the corner of West Sahara and Fort Apache, where the old Blockbuster used to sit. Today is opening day and how can I resist a visit? I swing by around 8:30 after work to find a line around 10 people deep. There are a few tables being used by patrons but mostly people are ordering to go. The inside looks like every other Chipotle. Granted it was super clean since today was the grand opening.I ordered the Chicken burrito ($5.85) and a Barbacoa Burrito ($6.10) for a friend. The line process did take a little bit since the employees were new. Give them a week or two to get a feel for it and then the lines will probably fly faster. The food is pretty consistent to every other Chipotle. What can you say? Its a chain restaurant! I'm definitely still a fan of Roberto's but I can see myself dropping by here once in a while.
4	Pros:HUGE burritos.DELICIOUS burritos.Cons:Way too many calories. Trying to lose weight right now, it sucks having to forfeit my Chipotle, but seriously, 1 burrito=2 lbs gained. Do deliciously huge portions always have to have thousands of calories.
4	Yes, I'm reviewing Chipotle.  Yes, they're a franchise.  Yes, they're owned by McDonalds..You got a problem with that?  Suck it.If you've been to Chipotle before, you pretty much know what you're gonna get here: a ginormous burrito bursting at the seams, which is why they wrap it in tin foil!I've never had a bad meal at ANY Chipotle.  I've never left unsatisfied and this franchise is no exception.  Yeah, I'm a creature of habit and I've only ordered the Chicken Burrito, but hey - Why mess with perfection?  I go here at least twice a week for lunch unless I decide I'm going to stick to my stupid diet (once a blue moon).This particular franchise is always clean and the staff is always friendly and I trust them with my health and my palate.Dos pulgares up, esse!Tip: For some reason, whenever you order the chips and salsa, they get stingy with the salsa.  Watch them pour it into the cup and yell at them if they don't fill it to the rim.
1	Dear Chipotle,Thanks for giving me unnecessary food poisoning! Your chicken tacos almost eviscerated my insides! Stomach cramps and vomiting really made my spring break memorable. With love,Mike
5	This place is very busy at lunch!The place is clean and there are plenty of places to sit inside.  When tables empty out, I actually notice the employees are there moments later to clean up.  They also offer to take your trays and baskets.I usually get the Vegetarian burrito: rice, black beans, fajitas (bell peppers and onions), pico de gallo, cheese, sour cream, guacamole, lettuce and corn.  My burrito comes bursting at the seams with this combination.  I've even had the person that wraps the burrito plead for help from her co-workers for another piece of foil.Another plus is that they serve minute maid lemonade!The employees at this area are very nice and professional and I enjoy their cheery disposition and enthusiasm.
5	I was excited when this store finally opened up on Sahara. Being a 3rd shift worker, you don't find a lot of places opened up after 7pm other than fast food joints. I ordered the Carnitas burrito bowl, which is pretty much a burrito with no tortilla. awesomeness's like a mega salad. :) I like the concept at Chipotle's...hmmm a Mexican subways? ha ha. The food there is as fresh as it gets and they also offer fresh chips and salsa (with the extra charge) along with what you order. Surprisingly they also sell beer there, so who says who can only get a drink with your burrito at a dining restaurant? Thumbs up on the liquor license.
4	I've had a Chipotle a couple of times, particularly at this location. This location is very clean every time I do come in. My boyfriend is a regular, so some of the staff already knows his order. They are also very welcoming when we do come in. The portion sizes are fairly large depending if you get the burrito or bowl. I always get the kids meal taco kit and that's good enough for me.  It includes what ever meat you choose, and two sides like guacamole or mild salsa, chips, and a drink. My boyfriend GTE's the bowl, you have a choice of two different types rice, meat, sides. The guacamole, chips, and meat are always prepared fresh. There's nothing really bad I can say, it can be busy at times, and if they're new workers they can tend to be slow with your order.
1	This is by far the most worst chipotle I've ever been too.  I just hated how none of the workers were friendly like any other ones.  Secondly they ran out of guacamole, and didn't apologize.  Bad customer service!! Very bad!!!
2	came here with my sister and her boyfriend for a late night crave for chipotle. yes, we're huge fans since i was a fetus. its my home chipotle, just down the street from my casa. we came when they were closing t minus 30 minutes. we were set to pay, when i asked for guac. they had less than an ounce left, so they said they were out. bummed. that guac is the icing on the cake. no biggy, just like they didn't apologize for it. couldnt leave because they already prepared my bowl. but as i was grabbing some napkins, the customer that was behind us also wanted guacamole, but the manager apologized to them offering a free side of chips and salsa. what?!  i don't know if they were too lazy to make a fresh batch. where's the customer service at? luckily i love their food, but i dont feel like dining in here ever.
4	Okay, I've been here twice now since learning from their website about the Chipotle commitment to "Food with Integrity."  What does that mean?  It means, among other things, that 100% of the chickens they use are raised without the use of antibiotics.  100% of their pork comes from naturally raised pigs that are fed a vegetarian diet and never given antibiotics.  And 85% of their beef comes from naturally raised cattle (only because the supply presently cannot meet the demand).  All this time, Chipotle was right under my nose and I'd been snubbing it because I assumed their food had no more integrity that Taco Bell's.  Now I've been this location twice within the last week.  The first time I got  a barbacoa burrito bowl with black beans and rice.  The second time I got the same thing with the chicken instead of the barbacoa.  Both times I was really hungry and could only eat about half of the meal in one sitting.  So I got two meals out of it for a reasonable price.  Both times, the food was delicious and I felt like I was eating a healthy, nutritious meal.  I also got, both times, the tortilla chips with guacamole.  Their tortilla chips are made fresh and have a really great, subtle lime flavor.   The guacamole is also made fresh.This location is clean and well-maintained, and I have had no problems with the employees here.  They have been helpful and friendly.  From now on, Chipotle is going to be a regular stop when I want a quick, delicious, healthy and hearty meal.
4	This place allows you to select how you want it. You can have it as a burrito, or a bowl, tacos that are soft or hard, and even a salad. This place is great for a light, quick, simple meal that you know will be as natural as you can get it. And if you are watching carbs, this place can be a nice option. Today I had the Carne asada burrito. I wasn't watching carbs this week, so I enjoyed the big stuffed burrito with extra chips and salsa. It comes with rice, your choice of beans, (I like black beans), you choose your meat, I got the carne asada, it's usually tender and seasoned well. I like the mild salsa, reminds me of pico de gallo, then I add the cheese and sour cream. That's a pretty big burrito!What I like about this place is its commitment to quality, their products are natural and fresh and I know that eating hear makes me feel more healthy! (even if the burrito has way too many calories).
5	Our team enjoyed lunch today with many fine burritos and chicken tacos!Great flavorful southwestern food in a hurry!A+ service!  We'll be back!
4	Love this place!  Simply, yet delicious!!
5	I LOVE Chipotle! The staff is super sweet and most talk in Spanish. Its funny because they think I'm a gringa and I'm totally not, so when I speak to them in Spanish they get all giddy. We went there today for lunch and I had a chicken burrito (like always) and man was it super yummy!! I also had some chips and guacamole which was excellent! I love how you can taste that everything is FRESH and not frozen! I also love the salt they have there; its like a lime sea salt.... totally delish!The hot salsa is also super yummy and I always get extra! Beware because my bf said its spicy!
4	So yeah, I can eat here. A LOT. Fast, friendly and FRESH. Not a trio you find in Vegas very often. I like how all of the food they use is local, to minimize the impact on poor mother earth. I like how the meat is "hormone- and all the other bad crap you don't want in your belly" -free.I like how it is pretty reasonably priced, given the huge size of the burritos. I like how the paper napkins have personalities and little quotes. I like how they keep the line moving, and pretty much call to attention the jack asses standing in front of you with their mouths open as they peer with squinty eyes with the "I just can't decide" face. There are like, 6 things on the menu. Come ON, people! I like how if you are a vegan or a veggie, you can still eat here and not want to slit your wrists. (I was meat and dairy free for 10 months last year. Trust me. It's hard.)But mostly, I love how fast I scarf down the food and feel good about myself afterwards. Fast food that won't make you fat! All they need is Wi fi so I can ipad here while I stuff my face and I'd be SET.  Yum O!
5	Wonderful food with fresh ingredients and a friendly staff make me frequent this place quite often.... I'm in a wheelchair and this place is very wheelchair friendly... This location is particularly nice because the ingredients can be seen from a low profile and I can see what I'm ordering in my burrito.. (  the location on Lake Mead however has a barrier I'm not able to look over ...but still a nice location ) I ordered the pulled pork burrito with Corn, Black Beans , Lime rice , cilantro and guacamole.... with a side of chips and salsa..... Nom Nom Nom... It was soooo good!! They packed a lot of stuff on the burrito...
2	I frequent Chipotles A LOT, but this one has really pissed me off. We asked for an order of carnitas soft tacos and crispy steak tacos. The woman behind the counter was confused by the "soft tacos portion" and then when she understood asked if we wanted corn or flour. We said flour. So we got ended up with one order of carnitas soft tacos with flour, and an order of steak soft tacos with corn. Wait, what?! Not what we asked for. It took three corrections and by the time I got my food home I realized, it actually needed four corrections. She left out the lettuce. Pretty sure we asked for it three times. Won't be back to this one unless I really need to... Hate ordering from a counter and making demands like a drill sergeant. Makes me feel bitchy.
1	I hate this "restaurant".  Steam table meats and rice stuffed into a store-bought tortilla?  Yum!!!  Btw, rice does not belong in a burrito.  Especially in this case since it is pure filler.  They use around 3 ounces of actual meat in their burritos I'm estimating.  Their salsas suck and the hot-sauces are canned and I hate the fake branding,  So twee and cool and hip and unoriginal and appealing... to teen-agers.  I have a teen-aged daughter.  She loves Chipotle.  I've noticed that the more she loves something the worse it is.  There you have it...This place is fake and bad and pure filler.
1	Will never come here again their rice was hard like always and the food was cold as usual hated it! !!!
3	I believe in second chances but I'm still wary of eating their meat. So I stuck to my favorite: vegetarian tacos. The beans aren't mushy, the fajitas veggies have crunch and flavor, and they're cheap. My lunch was under $3 (one taco and a water cup). I'm not big on heavy lunches so this was a quick bite and it satisfied me until evening.
5	I love chipotle and their food with integrity value. All restaurants should follow their example by only using meat free of antibiotics and hormones.  All of their food is delicious, and I'm happy that they offer a brown rice selection.
4	I have never heard of "Chipotle" before but my husband wanted to try it while on vacation in Las Vegas... It was surprisingly delicious! I got the chicken bowl with white lime cilantro rice, corn, and salsa. I didn't get a whole lotta "extras" but it was so refreshing. Maybe because we were in buffet gluttony and this was "light" compared to what I was shoving down my esophagus for the first 4 days of vacay. Oh, and it was cheap! Nice! They should open one in Hawaii :)
4	I've been eating chipotle for years and this location is one of the reasons!  I buy chipotle pretty much once a week, the bowl is very nice since its pretty much a salad that way haha!  this is a great lunch and its not super bad for you like say jack in the box is.  If you have never tried this then I would suggest getting a bowl and then see how you like the items that they have.
4	I love Chipotle. I know it's a chain and all, but they do what they do so well! In Northeast Ohio, where I'm from, the line will stretch out the door and around the corner.  Not so here in the Southwest, but that's to be expected, as there are more Mexican restaurants (pseudo and authentic) to choose from.The fresh, organic ingredients at Chipotle are a real draw for me. But I admit, this is a "gateway "restaurant; when I'm falling off the raw/vegan/whole foods wagon, I come here because they serve fresh, organic, whole foods- so how bad can it be? But honestly, it's a slippery slope from here.  What I love about Chipotle is that their chips taste fresh, their guacamole is the best of all the chain restaurant guacamoles I've tried so far, and they season their foods nicely so that everything is very flavorful. I feel like I'm getting a good deal for my $8. Their menu is small, but that's fine- a bigger menu may cause them to slack off on the quality. Can't have that!!  I always get the Burrito Bol. It even tastes good the next day- just get the guacamole and sour cream on the side.
2	My wife loves this place, but I can't figure it out.  The food is fresh, atmosphere is kind of unique, but the food is BLAND.  I've never been wowed by anything.   It's healthy to be sure, but so are rice cakes and celery.   I much prefer Zaba's to Chipolte.  Your mileage may vary...
4	Their barbacoa burrito is SO flavorful, I wish could eat this everyday ;-)Service was speedy and helpful at this location. The music is a tad on the loud side and it's actually a bit chilly, but that's ok when your food is spicy.
5	I love coming here, the line moves quickly, the food is fresh, you can create anything you want from healthy as you want to, well anything you want.  Never had a bad meal from Chipotle.
4	Usual Chipotle.  However, this establishment has a bit of a smaller footprint than most.  Also interesting is that they actually use a not-so-spicy corn compared to some others that I've been.The big thing here is that they pretty much use free-range everything.   I know it sounds silly, but there was an article in some business magazine a few months ago that basically wrote about how their meats taste better due to this shift.  And they do!  Also, if you've never been to this chain, they make pretty much everything from the meats to the guac fresh.  I've actually had to wait on guac to be made before at another chain.I personally recommend the burrito bowls.  Less mess since you can eat it with a fork.  But, that's just me.
4	Ok...I love Chipotle.  It's pretty hard to mess that up.  I'm a super huge fan of being able to coach the exact distribution of the ingredients going into my burrito.  The cilantro-lime rice just makes the burrito.  Doesn't matter if you add the super yummy, well seasoned, chicken or the melt in your mouth carnitas...The food is always great.  The only reason for four stars vs. five stars is the physical building.  The actual dining area is much smaller than most Chipotles that I've frequented and the vibe here felt a bit different too...Don't know quite how to explain that one so I know it's not much help.
4	I have a love hate relationship with this place.  I think their prices are fair for their burritos and for the guacamole and chips and they give you a good size portion of guacamole which I really like.  I like that they have brown rice now and I really enjoy their salsas.  But my BIG HUGE COMPLAINT with them is VERY simple. GET A WHOLE WHEAT TORTILLA!!!!!!!!!!!!!How can a place that a prides themselves on healthy, organic, fresh made blah blah blah not have a wheat tortilla??? They only have white flour.Yet right across the street from them at Rubios (which I LOVE) has had wheat tortillas for years now.  Sorry but if you want a 5th star from me, get whole wheat as an option.
4	Good food, great service! And i love that chipotle uses responsible suppliers.
4	Great Burritos here. Made however you like with a nice variety of toppings!! For instance corn, guac, n' chopped tomatoes. Always fresh and made on the spot. Service has always been very acceptable here...
2	I've been here a half a dozen times. My girlfriend loves this place. Me, I guess I'm just not a fan of their food.Place is always clean, staff is friendly and the line moves quickly.There food just doesn't do it for me. But give it a try if you like Chipotle.
4	If you are a Mexican of heart, then I probably won't recommend you to go to the Chipotle. This is a Mexican restaurant with an "American fusion"  lol... Although, it is not 100% authentic Mex is  great for the buck. You cannot go wrong with any item from the menu; they offer burritos, tacos, salads and bowls (my favorite). You can select the type of meat, the spiciness of the sauce, white or brown rice, pico de gallo, corn, sour cream, cheese, well you get the point!  Fast service so you will be in and out of this place.This restaurant is great but, I wouldn't recommend it as a spot for your first date! lol
4	Good little lunch favorite. After a meeting at the local Starbucks I popped in to grab a veggie burrito bowl not a vegetarian but too cheap to pay a $1.80 for a scoop of guacamole...its the principle! Plus I need to control my meat intake anyway :)Chipotle never disappoints the food and service is always very consistent they do a phenomenal job of training. Although I have to say this is the 1st time I have ever been in one with a dirty bathroom. I truly hate this bathroom's must be clean. However in their defense the reason it smelled like urine is because clearly this was a person's 1st encounter with peeing in a toilet...word of direction to this person wherever you are.  The urine goes in the toilet not on the floor around the toilet...come on people. However, no excuse Chipotle monitor your bathrooms better and keep it clean.
4	As good as it gets for slow carb. Love the Barbacoa burrito bowl!
5	Friendly place with great food!
5	Great food and fast great service. Cafe rio is also good in the same shopping center.
5	It's chipotle, so you know what you're getting, the food is solid, healthy or indulgent as you want it to be. The only reason  even putting a review up is because this location is well run, clean, and has great friendly staff.
5	Chipotle. self explanitory, no advertisment needed.... its simply amazing.  The rice bowl with double rice, with that savory chicken ( of course you need to have a doubleserving!) Im not sure what seasoning is in the rice and chicken but the combinationof the two mixed with the shredded cheese, pico de gallo, and the homemadeGuacamole! doesnt even matter if theres an up charge. its that good! The locationof this Chipotle is close to the house, the staff is friendly, and the are sure to keepeverything fresh and timely. great experience everytime. my only complaint is... well there is none. definitely top 5 things I'd want stranded on an island.
3	Your average Chipotle. I like the idea of Chipotle, but all the meat options are too spicy for me (though to be fair, I'm a wimp with spicy). But it's a great option for the Slow Carb diet. The food is great (if a bit spicy) and they worked us through the lunch time rush quickly.
4	Good food for the money.  I like the fact that I can stay relatively gluten free and still have good food.  I love the quality of the meat... and my favorite is the barbacoa beef.  Can you believe McDonalds owns this?  It's actually responsible eating!
5	Services is amazing!! Food we all know is good but the sevice is always great, thanks guys!
5	New respect for Chipotle - their mini series is funny & will raise awareness of US's ridiculous lack of attention to our politics effect on quality food supply.
5	I have probably been here more than 20 times & and I have zero complaints about this. Food taste like No other. I always get the chicken burrito or the steak burrito & and I get pretty much every topping you can possibly put inside the burrito. Haha hey why not. For $6.50...there's no any other place will fill you up like this. I always have leftovers to  take home.
1	Probably won't come here anymore. The past couple times I've came, the steak has been barely cooked and so chewy and fatty, it was disgusting, it ruined my whole meal.
5	I love this place. Customer service is always superb and the food is great. I have been here many times and will continue to be a dedicated customer.
1	Placed my order on the application got there it was not ready had to wait for them to make it. What was the point of using the application if I have to wait? The Arroyo crossing location had my food waiting and ready for me when I used the application before. After waiting at this location my food was horrible the chicken is burnt and crispy yuck!  The vinaigrette for the salad was extremely salty. This location is right near my house but after this experience I won't go back. The Arroyo crossing location is way better!
5	Great service, always smiling employees, the food is better then most Chipotle locations in Vegas. Keep it up!
4	Easy to order, create any meal that you would like, range from taco to burritos. Service is very friendly.  I ordered a chicken bowl, the chicken was tender, and the salsa was refreshing.  The Rice was cooked well. Although the tables were not clean, and the condiments were dirty.
4	For the price of the food the meal was filling and delicious, the burritos are huge and assembled to order, the people behind the counter were fast and consistent and quick!
5	I absolutely love this place, I've been going there for about 4 years. February 2013 I went on a Chipotle diet and lost 40 lbs eating nothing but there wonderful fresh foods. I've gotten to know all of the employee's and management along the way and they treat me like 100% family. Special shout out to Bree & David! I also love love love the biodegradable packaging used.11/24/2014 (UPDATE) *****Today was my 100th Check in at this location!!! Another shout out for this location, I travel for business to AZ, CA & NVSo I eat at Chipotle in a lot of cities none live up to this location. I have NEVER been disappointed with the food or service at this amazing Chipotle. Keep me the great work my friends!
3	It's Chipotle, what do you want?  The chicken was a little fatty.  I will say that for $1.95 extra, and they will let you know this every single time you ask for it, is worth it as the helping is a pretty decent one.
2	One of the stingiest Chipotle I have ever been to!!! Our group of 4 arrived in Vegas and were in a rush to grab dinner. We stopped by Chipotle and we were jipped! I got a bowl with brown rice, fajita veggies, chicken, mild & medium salsa, corn and lots of lettuce. The first girl doing the tortilla/rice/veggies was STINGY AS F. She spread out the rice so much while only giving you a little to begin with and she gave me about 5 .. literally thats FIVE pieces folks, of the fajita veggie mix. Really? I didn't even want to bother. The party behind us saw our orders and mentioned to the workers they would pay for extra meat and etc after seeing the amounts they gave us!Luckily the lettuce girl and cashier were nice so they get +1 star. Ugh.
4	Yummy food you can get awesome things that make you stuffed but it is also good. Line goes by quick and you get to pick what you want on your meal.
5	Omg! The manager is amazing!Had to come all the way back because they got my online to-go order wrong. Expecting to have to be defensive when the manager came out he was so nice and offered to make me an entire new one! Schocked because all he had to do was add what was forgotten. But I did appreciate it because by the time I went home and went back to the store the food was wayy cold.10 Stars for the way he handled my problem!
4	Had my usual crunchy tacos with carnitas. Love the fast service and the food is predictably delicious. They keep this place clean which makes me happy since I'm a clean freak. The food is always made fresh to order and they have a great variety of toppings to keep your food tasting great.
4	Like every other chipotle, this is exactly the same. Minus one star for the rip-off guacamole. $1.99 for a spoon of guac? Holy shit
5	Always the best.
2	My son and I went in tonight for dinner. Worst service ever. The first two girls pushed us along, my son was trying to ask her a question she just blew him off. He is eight years old. Not like he is a toddler running amuck. He order a kids # 4 which is a build your own tacos. We under stand that it only came with two sides. When he asked if he could have some lettuce she told him NO. That it would be an extra charge for for that. Are you kidding me for lettuce on a kids taco. I couldn't believe it. Especially after I just paid 2.00 for a skimpy side of guacamole for his taco. something restaurants should make a point of to their employees is that customers only go out maybe once a month or twice now, not like 5 years ago when it was 3 times so when it comes to making a choice where to go before they leave the house they think hmm..well last time I went there this or that happened, something as simple as they didn't even say goodbye or thank us as we were leaving and we tipped. Just some lettuce for thought chipotle.
2	The food is good, just way pricey!!!  Side of quac or chips pure ripoff!!  They are always busy, really don't need to over charge.....
4	Buy me chipotle and get chipotlaid~ Jk. My food was great tonight, and I now have lunch for tomorrow. Chips and guacamole from here are my favorite.
1	The food wasn't that good. . After I ate it, my stomach was upset for hours.... Seemed to me it was over priced.
5	OK, I don't know what is up with the negative reviews for this location.  It makes me wonder if it's just straight sabotage of a good thing.  When I have gone, the employees were (each and everyone) incredibly sweet, helpful, informative -- going above and beyond with sample offers, which were very useful in discovering all of the scrumptious options I had for assembling my meals.I'm basically raising Gandhi's incarnate -- dude won't eat anything -- and he gobbled up all this healthy and truly deliciously flavorful Chipotle food like it was a slice of cake.  I'm talkin' brown rice that was so tasty, it didn't need anything paired with it, the best frickin' guacamole that I have ever tasted, and juicy steak, all at basically fast-food prices, only given to us with sincerely grateful smiles, and quite a bit faster than a fast-food joint.I also found out they use pork that wasn't tortured (raised humanely), which is better for our bodies AND our moral fabric.Not to gush (I already am, so why stop now), but this place practically helped to restore my faith in humanity. That's right... I said it.  And they reintroduced the joy of eating healthy food to my son, just by doing what they do, so darn well.  So I'm calling bull on these negative reviews.  I just straight-out don't believe them.
1	Chipotle is honestly a hit or miss. It's either AMAZING or really crappy. I actually tried a steak burrito bowl tonight for the first time and the steak was like rubber. And the guacamole is usually great but it was straight avocado, no reasoning. So bland.
3	Fills me up!If you're hungry this place will definitely fill you up with the large burritos and my pick the naked bowl. I like choosing my own toppings and the food is fresh. The lines seem to go by quickly as well. I gave it a 3 because the food isn't always consistent and a chain like this should be. Sometimes the chicken is on the dry side or the rice has been overcooked. I hope these things can be worked out because the fresh concept is a great one.
3	I love the burrito bowls. I enjoy the service they are fast and on the go.
