5	I thought this would be an easy kill.I was already perturbed at their sales staff for standing me up on a previous appointment... so when the 'free week' coupon came in the mail, I foresaw my Yelpers revenge, for my mission was to scribe their demise, at their hand.-Day 1-It was a sweltering August Sunday afternoon.  A slight breeze blew as I walked across the parking lot towards the reception desk.  Every few steps, a wisp of chlorine from the outdoor pool would reach me.  The absence of smiles from the faces of each exiting member told me that I was about to be part of something special.The associate at the front desk invited me to peruse the complex in return for my signature.  I looked up from my autograph session to behold a large plasma TV serving up music videos.As I walked into the mouth of the beast, one word came to mind... conglomerate.  Yes, this was a Herculean aggregation of raw fitness potential.  Passing by several vacant mini-meeting rooms, I pondered the sheer number of financial obligations which had been entered into.The men's dressing room left me in awe.  I beheld cherry wood lockers and granite countertops.  Surely these are materials which doctors and lawyers would afford in their grand country clubs.  Oh my, I see a chorus line of fancy chrome plated hair dryers.Good lord, the bathrooms are sealed off.  No longer would I have to be subject to the smells and sounds of hunkered patrons working through their 'man-cramps' (aka: stewing chamber pot chili).Their aquatic offering was subdivided into an indoor and an outdoor water park.  A 5 lane lap pool, Olympic pool with 2 water slides, 2 jacuzzis and a sauna comprised the indoor kingdom, while a 4 lane lap pool, huge swimming/playing pool with 2 slides and a mushroom constituted the outdoor funfair.Yay!  They had the obligatory bleach blonde lifeguard.  Schwing!  [gyrate hips forward]A misting system provides a cooler climate for heat conscious loungers, and an on-site snack bar offered wrap and salad alternatives to the commonplace fare.  The outdoor area was clamoring with harmonies (screaming kids) typical of a public pool.The 2nd floor of the facility is reserved for the rows of workout machines.  There are no less than 23 giant video screens built into the walls.OK Lifetime Fitness, you win round one.  But there are so many other levels which you can fail at, and six days to do it.~SwoopUpdate 07/28/2008:OK, I cant be hating any more.  I love this place and became a member after they threw some cool perks my way.  You wanna try something new?  Check out the class with the pilates machine.
5	I have been going to Lifetime for 3 years. I've belonged to many gyms over the past 20 years, and this one is by far the best! Everything from the complimentary towels, outstanding childcare center (my children have special needs, and the staff has been VERY accommodating!), a top notch fitness director and fitness classes, excellent (and plentiful) equipment, clean, clean, clean facilities and a luxurious locker room. Not to mention the gazillion programs that they have for children - from swim lessons to summer camps to sports classes, art classes, even kids yoga! It has made summer time and school breaks much less painful! It is very convenient to have the Life Spa (with everything from haircuts, massages, pedicures or facials) and Life Cafe inside the fitness center. The spa can be pricey, but you can use the gym's childcare while getting a facial or pedicure, so that is a big plus. Every fitness center is going to have the occasional problem with phone messages or staff, but the problems here have been very minimal and pale in comparison to the outstanding amenities. I wouldn't dream of looking at another fitness center - I don't think that any other place could even start to compare to Lifetime Fitness!
2	The GoodIts a beautiful gym, has plenty of space with everything you could possibly want. The locker rooms are fantastic and the pool is a blast for kids.The BadWorking with their sales team feels like a used car experience.Ongoing service is sketchy at best. When you have any concerns or problems they have no real interest in helping, only in moving you along like a cog in a factory. The environment feels more like a social gathering than a work-out facility. The price is ridiculous.
2	This is kind of a dual review one of the facilities which are great. It's more like a spa than a gym.  I would give them 5 stars for the facilities.So why did I give them 2 stars if the facilities are great?STAY AWAY FROM THE PERSONAL TRAINING OFFERED BY THE GYM.I have been trying my best to get back into shape, but I didn't want to hurt myself and didn't really know what I should be doing.  So when you sign up you get a free evaluation.  I went through that with a very nice trainer and decided to hire them for personal training.  1. Be aware if you hire them the person you meet with the first time will not be your trainer and you will have to go over everything again on your own dime with the "new" trainer.2. No one is responsible at the gym for your personal training if you have an issue no one has any idea what is going on.My personal trainer only showed up 50% of the time; with the gym only notifying me one time of an issue.  You show up and the personal trainer won't and you have no recourse.  They just put you with a new one which is in no way effective.  There appears to be no way to get your money back from them even if they are at fault and have poor service.So basically if you know what you are doing  they have a beautiful gym.
4	It was Huge!!!!!!!! (TWSS) This place had it all. I came here as a guest with my friends who have a membership on the day after Thanksgiving in order to work off the meal. They have pools, water slides, basketball courts, rock climbing walls with auto belay and manual options, yoga room, spinning room, palates, ply-metrics area, hundreds of free weights and various tredmills, bikes, ellipticals, personal spa, hair stylists, massage, cafe with custom protein shakes, coffee, food, and every protein bar, energy drink, suppliments, powders, ect.....much more than your local GNC.  If only I loved in AZ I would go here daily!!! BTW I am still working on a longer run on sentence if I can muster one....just sayin'
5	Just read Brett B.'s review for some details about this place. I became a member when the gym first opened up in my neighborhood. This place is clean, professional, and consistent. They anticipate your every need. Great daycare for busy mom's, lots of free-weights for buff dudes, fun pool slides for kids, basketball courts for middle age guys reliving their high school days, aerobics classes, yoga, everything. And women will especially love the female locker room. Blow dryers, lots of mirrors, elegant marble showers with free shampoo, conditioner, and body wash, a steam room, and a flat screen TV you can watch while you wait for your girlfriend to finish her makeup.
3	The good:Beautiful facility, plenty of amenities and good machine/ weight variety. Indoor pool, basketball court, jacuzzi, etc.Towel service, nice locker roomsThe bad:Expensive, you gotta pay to play.Agree with the used car salesman experience when signing up.Too many people lounging around socializing.Too many meatheads hogging the weight equipment grunting loud enough to wake up the dead.
5	This gym is one of the best aspects of living in this valley! It is a great place to be, especially during the loooong summer.
5	This is my home away from home! I love my personal trainer (Patricia Rose) and the metabolic specialist helping me with my zone training (Mark Wagner). The Life Spa offers superb services that I would pay for anywhere else but love the convenience of it being right there in the gym! I can't say enough about the food in the Cafe...yummy! And great vegetarian options! The protein shakes are a little spendy but very delicious. Paying a few extra bucks for a resort feel gym is well worth it to me!
5	You get what you pay for, and in this case, that is great. Even though Lifetime can be a little pricey, the environment, staff, equipment, peers, etc. Everything is amazing.
4	I like to call LTF "Globo Gym" from the movie Dodgeball. It's big, expensive, trendy, clean but it's awesome if you like that sort of thing. And don't get me wrong, it's not just all rediculously in-shape people. There is a great eclectic mix of people who go there. For how large it is, you really get some great friendships especially if you have a set time you go. I've made some great friends there and they have absolutely everything you could need at a gym and more. Sauna, steam room, slide, a few pools, salon, food, just EVERYTHING. I get out of work at 3 p.m. so it's not too busy when I go but when I leave at 5 I can see it filling up. That's the only bad part is it seems to be getting a larger crowd.
4	Great amenities, lots of options, but staff can be pushy about personal training.
5	Great club. They have everything you need to burn calories :-) I have lost a 100+ pounds coming to this club in the last year. They have great personal trainers (Jeremy Demers) is my personal trainer and he has done excellent for me. Great facilities for members with children. They offer two hours of baby sitting while parents are working out. Three huge swimming pools (two indoors and one outdoors) both have slides. It's like coming to a country club every time I visit :-)
4	As gyms go, Lifetime is definitely one of the best. (I give it 4-stars, compared to the competition, but the bar is kind of low across the board). Free towels are awesome. It's cleaner than most. Even though it can be quite busy, you probably won't have to fight to get the equipment you want. Lots of classes, yoga, etc. Most gyms are focused 98% on revenue and 2% on health, fitness, customer service, etc; with Lifetime it's maybe 95% revenue and 5% fitness. That's not a huge difference, but it's palpable if you're familiar with the likes of Bally, 24-Hour, LA Fitness, etc. Like I said, it's better than most, but I think consumers are waiting for somebody to really raise the bar.
5	When you're ready for a real gym, step up to Life Time. They always have plenty of spare Aerobic Equipment - even at peak times. They also have a great variety of weight machines and free weights - the best feature though - no muscle heads hogging the equipment. In addition, the place has two lap pools (inside and outside), two full basketball courts, racket ball and a rock climbing wall. They also have plenty of classes from yoga to spinning and back. The locker rooms are always clean and odor free. Plus, LTF provides work out towels and shower towels - no need to tout a stinky towel in and out.A first rate club.
5	We've been a family of Lifetime members for 6 years now--and you get what you pay for.  Having a 7y.o. son, this is perfect for us.  The Kids center makes it!  They have computers, toddler room with big screen tv and toddler toys, a baby room, and inside jungle gym that knocks McDs out of the water, an outside jungle gym, and a basketball court that they use for all sorts of activities.  Okay, so for the grown ups--there's plenty of equipment to choose from, rarely a wait.  TVs that you can tune to, if thats your thing.  Group fitness classes, which i've done and enjoyed.  The trainers that i've worked with are always very positive and encouraging, and knowledgeble. They have 2 aerobic rooms with lots of different classes to choose from.  The locker rooms are really nice and clean, plenty of showers.  Saunas in the locker rooms, along with a TV and a lounge to sit in, and hair dryers and many outlets too.  There are 2 jacuzzis, multiple pools, indoor and outdoors.  2 of them for laps, 2 kid friendly with water fountains to play in and water slides.They offer summer camps for the kids--10 hours of swim and gym!!!  A rock climbing wall, racquet ball courts, and 2 basketball courts.  And they offer many classes for adults and kids too!And they have the LifeCafe--which can satisfy your cravings in healthy ways, with sandwiches or shakes.  And the LifeSpa too, where you can get your hair cut/styled, manicures and pedicures or a fabulous massage.  Like i said, you get what you pay for.  It's not cheap, but hands down the perfect gym for families!
5	Nice gym... 24 hours... Great place for kids too.
4	This is a five star facility without question, except for one thing.  The showers in the locker room are almost infuriating.  The showers put out so little water pressure that it takes forever.  I'm all for saving water and all, especially here in the desert, but they're a little ridiculous.Other than that, I love this place and can't imagine going anywhere else.
2	This gym is decent at best. I joined a brand new lifetime in another state for 70 a month. Then I moved to Gilbert and they lowered my payments to 65 a month. The gym is pretty old and crowded. Locker rooms smell like piss. Overall it's decent but I'm a single guy just looking to workout and I can find plenty of great places less than 65 a month! I do not use classes or kids zone. On top of everything if your looking for a family or spouse member getting added on THEY DO NOT HAVE FAMILY PLANS. So 1 person was 65 bucks a month. 2 people a month they will do 120 bucks a month. 3 people is a little over 150. Save your money and look elsewhere.
4	Are you looking for a club that is a cut above the rest?  Look no further.  Lifetime may have less locations around the valley, but they are well worth the trip.
4	Been a long time since I updated my review for LT.  I had a fairly bad experience when I first signed up and got personal training, but I kept going after I received a refund. Then I took about 8 months off to road bike and be outside more.  Recently I decided to join back up and the facilities are still pretty great and seems much better than the other options in the area.  When I left for a few months there was no big deal since there are no contracts and they were running a special for New Years so signing back up was free.  All of the equipment is in good shape and runs well.  The restaurant is pretty good to grab something healthy on your way in or out of the gym.  It's nice to be able to hit the gym and grab lunch or a smoothie all in the same place.  There are plenty of lockers and they offer pretty much anything you can think of all included in your membership.I'm deducting one star for the previous bad PT, but other than that it's a great place to work out.
5	Queue the movie Dodgeball, and Ben Stiller at Globo Gym. "Turn up the heat Micheeeellllleeee - I want to feel the burn!" Yah, that's it! You now know what Lifetime is like. This is now my 3rd LTF membership... Which means that I've left 2 times because I took issue with $50+/month gym membership and went off the grid, simply running and cycling outside. Inevitably, my triathlon love forced me to have access to a pool. Alas, I am again a member. With my latest sign up I got tossed some "LTF Bucks" which were nice, and I used them for some much needed swimming lessons. Every time I've returned I've wondered how I could stray. I enjoy the spin classes - but as with all lessons they're only as good as the instructor and how much sweat you're willing to pour into it. It's no Equinox, but for us AZ peeps - it's as good as it gets. Bonus: When I have kids, LTF be even more valuable to me with their complementary child care while you workout.
5	Great gym. Not a meat market. Next week is the remodel can't wait to see
2	Great gym, great place to work out and no problems with the facility it self. Even the trainers are very informative and helpful. My problem is with the management, they can't and won't take NO for an answer. My wife and I tried to cancel our membership because of medical issues. Instead we roped into staying and were offered some incentives to stay on board. After they failed to actually provide the incentives I realized they were just giving us empty promises. Instead of going back to speak to the General Manager (who we had originally spoken with) we contacted our bank to see how we would stop the withdrawals from our account. We canceled the bank card! I have since emailed LTF stating that we desired to cancel our membership, I have spoken to them on the phone stating that we wanted to cancel our membership and still that is not good enough. To this day they continue to harass us!
3	Facility is nice, staff is mainly awesome. there's always that 1 or 2 people who forget they work in a club......unfortunately its a very sales orientated atmosphere. It's pricey but since I have a child, adding her to my membership is worth the cost. If it were just for me, I would definitely be somewhere else. The amenities for kids is what makes this place awesome. Child care staff is great!! there is a ton of elliptic machines if your into that. Free weights is totally lacking & needs improved but its not what this gym caters to.
4	So far so good. I've been a member since January 2013 and I'm enjoying being a part of this gym. I hav a personal trainer but I'm curious to see how different it would be with a fellow mom as a trainer. I only wish the childcare kept babies longer than 90 minutes. I have 3 children and it's in a pain in the butt having to pick or drop them off at different times and not being able to work out a whole 2 hours (time for a class and a free weights or swim afterwards). I'm looking to seeing what the water slide will be like for the kids this summer.
4	Big, clean, and kid friendly.  The outside pool with year round heat is what got me here.  It has been trimmed back a few months, but is still awesome.
3	My fiance is a member of this gym. He started on a one week pass and joined after they threw $70 lifetime bucks (equivalent to one free personal training session) and a free bag (that broke after two uses) and no sign-up fees. I have been at Mountainside and currently work out at L.A. Fitness. I was given a gratis 2 week pass to Lifetime so I decided to check it out. In terms of facility, Lifetime is remarkable. It's spacious, clean, and they have top of the line equipment. The locker rooms looks like one that belongs to a spa. Heck, they have a salon on location as well. If you wanted to live there you probably could with all the amenities. The cafe is awesome, I had the best salmon salad of my life. They have gluten free bread and everything out of the cafe is fresh and delicious. The towel service is nice and unlimited access to classes is another perk. Unfortunately, the place is always crowded. I work out early (6am) so it was not too bad. Several times a week, a lot of weight machines have reserved signs for classes and are unavailable for use to the rest of the members. This is an inconvenience for me and makes me upset as I don't see anyone around using the machine. It's one thing to reserve machines and use them. It's another to put up a sign and not use them. Everyday that I went in during my trial pass, I had to talk to the sales representative and she would ask me if I want to join. Once my 2 week trial ceased, the sales rep called me frequently. The current joining price was $53 per person. Not a terrible price but LA Fitness only sets me back $30. She was telling me about joining fees, and administrative fees. I flat out told her that I would never pay fees, I didn't pay them with LA Fitness and I won't pay them here. A few days later I got a phone call from here telling me that that Lifetime is running a great deal and she did not want me to miss it. So when I speak to her, she tells me that I would not have to pay joining fees, just the administrative fee. I tell her to call me back when she can offer a better deal. So her next phone call, she offers me no fees, just $53/month. I told her I would wait for a better deal to come around since I am not in a hurry to switch gyms. She calls me every other week for a few months and then calls once a month (usually the last week). After 3 months of trying to get me as a customer, she annoyed me by offering me the same deal over and over again. I told her I need to give my gym notice before canceling and the I would not be paying for two gym memberships. She offers to credit me my LA Fitness dues. So a little time goes on and my fiance seems to be complaining about his gym experiences. Apparently, Lifetime signed on hundreds on new members during the new year. He suddenly has trouble getting a machine. Then new renovations start and all the free weights are stacked up against the wall and are not available to members. Then with the renovations, the male locker room is being worked on and men can not shower at the gym for a week. Lastly, they close for a week to install new carpets and cardio equipment but offer access to the Tempe location. After my finance complained about his limited access to the gym and decided to take his business elsewhere, he was given 200 lifetime bucks to use towards a fitness class to stay (body boot camp here he comes). So during body boot camp, he had a two week access for the 6 week class. The instructor suggested he pay for the other 4 weeks. The class starts at 7 and the instructor wastes 10 minutes setting up and another 15-20 minutes doing a sales pitch for merchandise and/or personal training.Lifetime is a great facility but with all the inconveniences, I will stick with LA Fitness and bring my own towel. With the money I save, I will just take myself on vacation.
5	Just joined this gym the past week and so far it has been great! First walked in and was greated by a very courteous and friendly staff. Inquiring about membership, they quickly called for a membership guide to come over. He gave us an extensive tour of the facilities and what it had to offer. 24 hour a day access is really perfect for people who shift work like I do. The two swimming pools are great. During summer basically works out to one for kids and one for the adults. Very nice locker rooms and the whole club has an upscale feel to it. Resonable prices for the ammenities the club has to offer. Upon joining recieved coupons to the spa and got a half-off massage. Rather tasty healthy restaurant inside as well. Even during peak-hours you can find equipment here. Glad to find this awesome place!!
4	This is the gym where you will get the most bang for your buck.. When we were first taking our tour we couldn't believe it. Price was the only thing on my mind because there was so much. When you first walk in you see the cafe and spa they have. The spa does haircuts, massage, nails, etc. They cafe is a full cafe with seating and everything, and only serves healthy items. Next you see the indoor lap pool and little seating area with leather couches and a large flatscreen tv. Next is the rock climbing wall, two basketball courts, and 4 raquetball courts. Then the locker rooms that look like they belong in Scottsdale. There's another seating area in there with leather couches, a big flatscreen, and Directv. Tons of lockers, sinks, showers and a steam room. Then you see the indoor lap pool again, along with the indoor normal pool with 2 water slides. Then the sauna. Then the outdoor pool with a lap pool, regular pool, and two waterslides. Next you get taken up to where the machines are, and there are PLENTY. They are all new and in good shape as well. They have tons of classes. A ton are free, some like crossfit and bootcamp are extra. And its only about 55 a month per person! not too bad! The minus is that the place is big on kids, which most gyms are. They have a kid care for when you are working out. But during the summer they have the summer camp which takes over everythingggggggggggg. It takes the rock wall, both basket ball courts, all raquetball courts, outside pool. ETC. Which is great for the kids, but maybe they could take something different each day, instead of all at once? Good gym overall
4	This gym is fantastic. The amenities are very nice...LOTS of group fitness classes.  You can also get one on one training although I personally have not used a personal trainer here, but I have talked to some of them.  One really stood out for me.  His name is Chad (He gets 5 stars).  I think I know quite a bit about nutrition and I read quite a bit on current research being done at the various Universities as it relates to nutritional studies of various nutrients and their health benefits and similar.  I was shocked and awed by how much he knew.  I have never met any of the staff that wasn't way above par.  I've belonged to a few different health clubs in Gilbert and LifeTime Fitness is by far the best.  I highly recommend this gym.
2	The only reason I'm giving two stars and not one is because it is a really NICE gym.  Lots of amenities IE cafe, salon, classes.  But here are the problems:1) They charge WAY too much!  I pay $55 a month whereas any other gym I've been a part of is$30 or less2) The staff SUCKS!  Personal trainers are super FAKE and stuck up.  The coordinators or whatever you call them are also very fake and pushy salespeople.  I tried to cancel my membership and they incented me by saying they would give me $150 LT bucks to use but then I never actually received them!3) This place is always crowded.  And most of the members are not friendly or polite and will run you down in the hall like you don't even exist!4) You know those commercials for planet fitness where the guy is shoving his abs in everyone's face?  Yeah, a lot of THOSE types of people come here tooIf you are looking for a super expensive, fancy gym and you have a tight tone body and like to stick your nose in the air, this place is for you!  If you are like me and trying to get in shape or maintain your workout regimen and want an easy going no pressure atmosphere, steer clear of Lifetime
3	Have to take a star down. This gym has tons of cool stuff still, but missing some of the normal things you would expect from a gym. One huge thing they are missing is filtered water. It wouldn't take much to just have one station where you can get cold and filtered water, especially when all the members are paying $55 a month per person. It may not seem like a big deal, but in a city where they put my chlorine in tap water than I do in my pool... it is. Next thing they lack are fans. People are working out, getting hot and sweaty, either throw the air conditioner down lower, or invest in some fans. I understand not wanting to make it an icebox for people who aren't doing intense workouts, but at least invest in some fans for those that are.
5	Joined in August 2013.  No hassle or high pressure sales people.  Brian Newton listened to everything we were looking for and Lifetime Fitness has delivered.  Super clean upscale facility.  Great for families.  The pools and water slides are awesome.  Lifeguards at the pool are super friendly and always very helpful.  The rock climbing wall is also great for kids.  The salon and spa is very nice and convenient.  Ask for Amy she is a great stylist for adults and kids.  If you are looking for a great family friendly and clean place to work out this is it.
1	Nice place, but...  Shady and deceptive business practices!  For starters, they gave us something called LTBucks when we enrolled for a family membership.  We used the LTBucks to pay for swimming lessons for our 18 month old.  We set up the days/times over the phone.  When we arrived with arms full of towels and daughter in tow, they gave us some papers to sign.  Turns out they were having us sign up for auto-billing of swimming lessons after the free ones expired.  When we called and told them we didn't want the paid swim lessons and requested a refund, they said they would not refund because we signed to authorize the charges.  What the $%#@ ever!  Yes, I signed what I thought were liability disclaimers while  holding my daughter with one arm and carrying all of our stuff on the other and no one on LTF's staff ever mentioned this policy or explained what I was signing.We also started receiving magazines in the mail after joining.  The magazine was never offered or mentioned during enrollment and we just threw the magazines away.  Then, we started noticing charges for the magazines on our account.So, then my wife decides she wants to cancel her portion of the membership.  We call to cancel and they say that we have to come in to cancel!  Another shady way to try to get more money out of us before we cancelled that portion of the membership.At that point, I decided that this type of company doesn't deserve another penny of our money.  I went to the gym to cancel the entire membership.  Instead of offering to make things right, they just proceeded to tell me that we have to give them one month notice to cancel and that they are going to charge another month.  Well, good luck LTF! Card cancelled and I dare you to come knocking or calling for money that you can't earn honestly.It's really a shame that they feel they have to stoop to the level of other gyms that use the same tactics.  The facility is nice and they shouldn't have to trick people to give them money.
5	Everything about this club is a 5 except I am disappointed in the drinking water fountains on site. So many people, the water is most of the time warm. They really need to up to the newer water filtration systems (common in AZ) for me to be completely satisfied with paying 66.00 a month for gym membership. I love the group classes and I really wish someone would write a post on group class etiquette. Spacial recognition is so important. If you come to class late, grab a spot up front. This is a great gym. I find value in paying the dues for what I get in return.
1	I just had the worst experience of my life.  I have been a member for 6 months but my 1st time going was tonight. I was told that I can bring a friend when I come so I brought my friend... he is the one that motivated to go.  When I get to the desk they tell me that he can not come in. Brandon the manager was very rude and condescending. I asked to talk to his manager, Pat another manager called her and she would not talk to me.  This took about 5min and then all the sudden the police show up and tell us to leave. Brandon did not even ask me to leave he just called the police and had them tell us to leave.  I have  never had the police called on me. Officer Stranger then took my info and treated me like I was a criminal and literally escorted me and my friend out. If Brandon asked me to leave I would have left. I will be canceling my membership and praying to never have an experience like that again.  Absolutely no customer service and apparently don't care.
4	When I was going to this gym, which was when they came to AZ in 2003 and then for about the next 6-7 yrs, I kept going.  It was a great gym and except for a minor thing when I had the premium membership at a steep $130/month for one person, where you get the private yoga studios, etc., but then they changed that and lowered my membership fee, which is good, but I really enjoyed the more private studios over the sometimes too crowded classes.Since I also had a membership at LA Fitness at the time and that was more of a meat market, I appreciate the family environment of Lifetime, the cleanliness, the personal trainers and staff.  Most were all super friendly to me and I got to know most of the personal trainers whom became my friends and still are, even though many of us now are not a part of Lifetime.I learned a lot going to the gym and sure, no gym is perfect.  I didn't find their business practices shady or things dirty.  Things were pretty nice from 2003-2010.  What has happened since then, I don't know.  They had a variety of classes but the ones I liked all came at an additional price, so belonging to this gym can be quite expensive.  My kids have done summer camps here when they were little and we've also had birthday parties.  At least when I was there, most everyone except for one personal trainer, and one other person, but everyone else from sales, to trainers, to the janitorial staff, salon, cafe, administration, etc. were all really great to me.  Probably my biggest thing is that it is expensive, which is why I rated it 4 stars instead of 5.  Whenever I had issues, which were periodic, they always worked with me.  Great gym.  I don't know that I'd give any gym 5 stars, so they get my best rating for a gym.
2	I've been wanting to try out this gym for a while and yesterday I finally did.I had to input my information into the Lifetime Fitness website and then a few minutes later, (person one) called me (very excited) about my interest in Lifetime Fitness.  I scheduled my visit for later in the day and then within thirty minutes another person, (person two) called me to confirm my schedule.  For a free visit to a gym this is a borderline nuisance and I'm already starting to panic over the barrage of "don't miss out", "special limited time offer" emails that will surely follow.  I feel like I'm about to sit through a time share meeting for a gym visit. So, I made it to the gym and I met with my "Membership Manager".  He wanted to take me on a full walk around the facility which I imagined would be a very awkward and unrevelatory experience.  I've been to dozens of gyms all over the world, what is lifetime fitness hiding?!!  I declined the would be man date and skipped straight to the price.  What happened next gave me some insight into how Lifetime Fitness trains their staff.  After (person two) showed me the price he began the sales tactics.  He asked if the price was in my budget.  Not the best way to approach a new client, but then without my response he said that most people who just ask about price are price sensitive and then after my refusal to give him an answer about whether or not I'd like to join the gym, he insinuated that I couldn't afford the membership.  Big mistake, I don't work in sales but I sure as hell understand the nuances of making a sale.  You failed to identify what I wanted.  I wanted to check out the gym on my own, work out and make an informed decision about whether or not I should ditch 24 hour Fitness.  As it turned out I really like the gym and the facility is great.  I could easily see buying and maintaining a family membership there, but, I sure as hell won't do it by calling (person two).  What a shame for one sales person to stain your company.  The truth is you don't even need stupid demeaning sales tactics, your facility is great.  Let the building sell itself.  Teach these young representatives to respect their would be clients. You, (person two) are an idiot.
1	be careful when you want to quit-----they will keep charging your credit card for another three month. Check their BBB review. Do not sign any paper work when you decide to quit, just call your credit card company and told them to dispute any charge from lifetime fitness, this way is much easier.....
5	I am a member at the Palm Valley club but dropped in for a quick yoga session while in the east valley and loved it! I took the Sunday morning Hatha class and really enjoyed it! I can't remember the instructor's name but she was great! I look forward to taking more classes at this club. Life Time never fails to impress!
5	I've been a member of Litetime for years, but Gilbert is one of my favorite locations. The employees in the child care center are great and really care for my children. BUT the best part about this gym is My trainer Shannyn. I've only been with her for five months and have seen such a dramatic change in my strength and body composition. I'd highly recommend her!
4	I've been using this club for a couple years, they do a fantastic job.  In particular my trainer Gavin - I lost over 40 lbs this year!  Thanks Gavin for doing such a great job.  Well worth the money!
5	Five stars for the facility!  I love everything about it. The only criticism I have is that the late evening/night staff in female locker room is extremely grumpy!  Members have been subjected to listening to their loud complaints about how many complementary towels are used, how there are "too many night owls" who chose late hours to work out, etc.  These comments are made ad nauseum specifically by the older female staff.  Find a job elsewhere!
4	Really like lifetime clubs. I left for awhile to try to cut down on expenses. But ended up coming back. The other gyms just cannot stand up to a lifetime gym.
5	I went in to cancel my membership as I've had it on hold for quite awhile now.  It's just too far to go for my short workouts which I do religiously at home.I was a little perturbed to have to wait to cancel my membership and that i could not do it over the phone, however, this is my 2nd time in person trying to cancel.  The first time which was more than a year ago, the wait was too long for a Membership Adviser that I just left.Today I got Ashley and she said they have upgraded the memberships on Hold so that they get more than the Experience Life magazine.  You get access online to their classes, and they are giving Lifetime bucks, so for every dollar you pay, you get that back in Lifetime bucks to use at their spas, food court, or other services they offer.  I like the spa thing because I badly need a massage, or you can get discounts on other services.And, they will do free assessments to do some blood work and other internal stuff to gauge where your health is.  Okay, with these things now added to those memberships on hold, it now makes it worth it.  So, I'm keeping the hold.  I didn't want to give up my membership because I was grandfathered in at the rates they had way back when, which I started my membership before they even opened the first Lifetime in AZ, which was Tempe and back in early 2003.So, I'm still a member.
5	I really enjoy everything about lifetime! Group x, yoga, run club, master swim, kid center, rock wall, and the spa. Dance Jam on Tuesday morning is the best!
5	This is an update from my previous review. Since I wrote my review about the grumpy evening Ladies' Locker Room staff, there has been a total improvement in the staff by 100%!  The current evening and nighttime staff is pleasant, friendly, and always has a smile. They definitely add to the positive atmosphere for which Lifetime is striving. Now my 5-star rating applies to the entire gym experience at Lifetime Fitness Gilbert.
1	They really need to work on there customer service whenever you call any of there departments especially aquatics they never pick up the phone I don't understand what is so difficult in picking up a phone and helping a customer VERY DISSAPOINTED
5	I'm a off-on-off-again gym attendee, but Life Time really is gold standard. Member services is always friendly upon entering. Towel and available lockers is great for a pre- or post- work workout. It's a little pricey for me, but for what you get, I think it's a fair price. Always clean equipment and facilities.
2	This gym is always packed ! Sometime its hard to park your carI hate how packed its all the time
1	I wish I had done a better job of reading the reviews. After going 5 days a week for over a year I had enough. The place is very packed, parking sucks and other than the "have a good day" on exit you get zero vibe that anyone cares you are spending money there...complacent would be a good description of lifetime. Don't forget your parting gift if you happen to not cancel before the 1st of the month...they charge you for the next month too, policy like that is a shady $$$$ maker. Check ripoffs.com and complaintsboard before you pull the trigger.
5	Still amazing!  Lost 50+ pounds at this club.  Good staff, great facility.
5	Very cool gym. Open 24 hrs! My entire family likes this place! I'm sad to see that Mary no longer works here.
4	Great gym, but if you ever try to cancel your agreement count on paying 2-3 months longer than expected.  I've been trying to cancel my account because I moved acrossThe country.  They won't cancel it unless I send in a certified letter.  I've done that and am still getting charged months later.
1	This place has turned into Lifetime NURSERY AND DAYCARE. They don't care about member needs and seem to only want to cater to the needs of children and parents who want daycare services. This place should be an awesome fitness center - not a place to drop off kids for week(s) long camps that ruin the scene for everybody else. Want to use the basketball court? Too bad - it's reserved for kids. Want to use the racquetball courts? Too bad - they're being torn out for kids. The kids already have 5000 sq. feet of space in their own area!! Get your act together LTF!! Be a fitness center - not a DAYCARE!
5	Best gym experience! And not just the first time, but every time! They have every piece of equipment you could ever be looking for, and they have such a large quantity that you'll never have to wait for a machine! They offer fitness classes as part of your membership, which is a huge plus. There's pools, basketball courts, rock climbing walls, and even a first class spa! I had my first massage there today and I was blown away! I feel fresh and ready to start the new year! If you're thinking about trying lifetime, I would highly recommend it!
5	I've been a member of several different gyms over the years and this one is hands down the best in the Valley. I've been a member since 2008 and don't plan on ever switching. Unlike stinky, dirty, intimidating meathead gyms, Lifetime has a "country club feel" and something for everyone. The facilities are clean and well appointed, the classes are fun and interesting, the front desk staff is helpful and friendly, and the equipment is up to date. My kids absolutely love the child care center, which features a separate room for infants, computers, a flat screen TV, a full gym, a climbing set with slides, an outdoor area, and attentive staff. I never worry about my child's comfort or safety while I'm upstairs working out. In the summer we love coming for a swim, using the outdoor waterslides and having a healthy snack at the cafe. If you are interested in swimming lessons, Hallie is so amazing, she made my water-wary preschooler feel so comfortable. It's been 6 months since his last lesson and he still talks about "Miss Hallie". Members can also earn "LT bucks" and put them towards fun extras like spa treatments, personal training, and rock climbing sessions. This is truly the most upscale, something-for-everyone, family friendly gym I've ever been to and is well worth the price.
5	Before I start: Overweight/normal/small/etc folks don't let some other reviewers steer you wrong. You will not feel intimidated or judged because there are a lot of in shape people here. Frankly, except for the very rare jerk we either do not even notice or care at all what you look like. We all started somewhere, and NO ONE looks down on the 300lb person trying to lose weight, or the skinny kid trying to grow. If you feel judged, it's that you are projecting your own insecurities. On to the review!I must be getting softer in my old age, as I used to detest this sort of gym. I avoided these nice, shiny, clean, fitness clubs and instead went to divey prison yard type gyms where the "hardcore lifters" went. Well that preference has changed since switching to Lifetime. After being sick of the lack of maintenance, grimy gym and grimier clientele at Gold's I signed up here and have never looked back. I'll try to be brief since there's many aspects to cover.Staff: Extremely helpful and pleasant. From the sales staff to the dietician to the cafe people to the janitors every person has greeted me me with a smile and been excellent to deal with. Specifically Travis in sales, and Theresa the dietician have been wonderful.Facilty/Equipment: Top notch. Well maintained. Clean. A little lacking in free weights compared to the sheer number of machines. Even at peak hours there's enough to go around. Cardio equipment area is the size of most entire gyms.Clientele: People are friendly and for the most part considerate. I hate to sound elitist, but the fact that this gym is 3 to 5X the cost of Gold's or 24 Hr it serves to weed out the undesirables. There is no women's section because the men aren't creepy and leering so they don't need to hide.Locker room: CLEAN. Think nice Vegas casino bathroom. No creepy nude men meatgazing all day. Toilets are in their own room, so no foul odors. Separate shower stalls as well. Towels and shampoo/body wash supplied.Classes: I have not taken any, but my wife loves them. Great instructors, and the classes are on time and not always being switched or cancelled with no notice like at some other gyms. Yoga is included as well, which I intend to try soon. Other: Cafe food is excellent. Spa is excellent. One of the best massages I've ever had.
