4	3.5 stars - Pending a re-visitA local favorite.  There are several locations in town, but they all have a very Mom & Pop greasy spoon feel to them as if they were all independently owned and operated.  For our first visit to this location, we tried out the - Chicken Fried Steak & Eggs with buttermilk pancakes and Blueberry Compote- Chicken Fried Chicken & Eggs with Buttermilk pancakes.I've gotta tell ya, they have some of the best chicken fried ____  that I've ever tried.  They use actual Steaks for the fried steak and not ground beef.  Both the steakand the chicken were tender and juicy,while the breading was light and crisp, not grease-soaked.The Pancakes were good and the blueberry compote was not overly sweet like I've had at other diners.Unfortunately, on this visit, the service wasn't all that friendly, they get a temporary ding for that pending a second visit.So, for now, 4 stars for the food with a temporary -.5 for the service.
3	So after leaving the Bellagio with my sister our newly pedicured toes, the boy decided he was hungry and needed to eat something.  We asked my sister to suggest something "diner-y, but not Denny's or IHOP."  We ended up at Blueberry Hill.There was a short wait for a table, but not too bad for a Sunday morning.  Our waitress was nice, but had a beer gut and looked like she hadn't showered recently.  The restaurant had a desert motif, which I thought was kind of strange.  I mean, sure, we're in the desert but the last thing I equate with the desert is blueberries.  Blueberries grow in cool moist places.  Not in places where your flesh will boil right off your body if you stand in the sun too long.  Anyway.  The bathroom was a little run down but still use-able.Mixed reviews on the food.  My hash browns tasted sort of undercooked.  But the pancakes were phenomenally good.  I was mad that I didn't order them, and the boy probably was too since I kept stealing bites of his.I would probably come back here again (for the pancakes if nothing else).  You know, it's diner-y, but not Denny's or IHOP.
4	I love breakfast. Even more, I love breakfast here.I first got introduced to Blueberry Hill when I spent quite a few weeks working on a show in Vegas a few years ago. One of the locals I was working with took me there.Every time I visit Vegas, I have to eat breakfast here. I would walk the several miles from the Strip if I have to.Everything is so yummy, and I always eat way too much and then feel sick. But in a good way.This is the way a diner is supposed to be. The coffee is strong. The waitresses are career, and have been working here forever.The only thing I see as a negative is the bathroom. I feel dirty after I go in there, so only 4 stars (for now!)
4	This place is pretty solid.   Do you remember the old TV show "Alice"?   If you do, you are an old fart like me, but that's another subject.   For some reason this place reminded me of Mel's Diner - except the food was good!   We were there on a late Saturday morning and they sat us without any wait.   The place is diner for the local folks and I like that.   It's the kind of place where the waitresses work there forever - keep your coffee cup full and will call you "Hon".   My wife and I ordered up a good old fashion breakfast, nothing too fancy, eggs, bacon, waffle, etc.    Even though the place was pretty full, our food came out pretty quickly and it was tasty.    As I munched on my eggs and waffle, I thought to myself this is a great place to have a "recovery breakfast".    Yes - you know what I'm talking about.   The price was reasonable and I thought it was a great value.   What I really liked about this place is that it was a nice, simple, well cooked meal.   Will I be back?  Heck yes I will.
3	nice family style diner type of food....friendly service, though a bit rushed because this place is either understaffed (which it doesnt seem to be) or just overwhelmed by the tons of people who come in here...coffee is fine if you like 50's diner coffee (read weak and unmemorable) instead of groovy Peet's or Starbucks's strong and manly....food is pedestrian, or thoroughly average...not bad not great but there....amusing atmosphere for the kids, watching all the rushing around...if you're in the neighborhood give it a try, but surely there are better breakfast places in Lost Wages....
4	5.10.08: This spot is suppose to be the place where the locals come and eat. True? Not sure but whatevers I'm just hungry.Decent prices great portion. Their pancakes and french toast is light and fluffy which is nice. It is satisfying and tasty. Very crowded place.Want good breakfast? Come here. And no its not like norms, dennys or ihop. Its BETTER!
5	I love me some Blueberry Hill... they never let me down.  This is a real diner... looks like it could've come outta the 70's even. haha  Anyway, I used to go to UNLV and live so close to this location, so it's a favorite of mine.  They have an extensive menu that offers dinner on one side and all-day breakfast on the other.  They make everything from scratch.  Everything I've had here was excellent.  And finally, large portions for reasonable prices 24 HOURS A DAY... what more could you want?!?!I almost always get the Waitress Special, which is a Belgian Waffle that melts in your mouth like clouds.  I like their sausage links with it... and over-medium eggs.  *sigh*  If I'm not in the mood for breakfast however, I'll get their grilled cheese sandwich with chili... nom nom nom.  And their carrot cake rocks!  Wish they had a Blueberry Hill in S. Bay...See ya there!
4	Very good bfast spot.  The menu is extensive, the decor is 70's diner and the service is old school.  The manager was total pimp daddy mac with his suit and fedora.  I had the guadalajara skillet, chorizo, cheese, onions, bell peppers, hash browns and tortilla chips.  It came with an excellent hot sauce, the menu should warn though that this dish is spicy, its got major kick.  The hubby had the blueberry pancake bfast that came with two honkin pancakes that had blueberry in the batter and on top.  I also enjoyed the coffee.  I do recommend this place, you will need a car or taxi to get there.  They are open 24 hours so you can get your grub on at any time.  Oh and don't let the horn scare you, I guess its played every hour so the employees remember to wash their hands!?!  I must also go back and try the homemade cakes on display, there were at least 6 in the case!
4	I never knew the appeal to fresh blueberry pancakes until I had me some Blueberry Hill!  Oh my goodness breakfast will never be the same for me again.It's Jan. 2, 2009 and I'm picking up my friend for breakfast before taking her to the airport for her flight back to SF.  Then I gotta head to work for an assuredly boring day.  But who cares about all that because there's nothing like a four egg omelet with ham and bacon (Texas Omelet) to get your day started.  Let's not forget the mound of hash browns and side of toast with jelly to complete the oh so satisfying meal.  Oh, and the portions were made for people who enjoy eating!  Although I'm not much of a pancake fan, I really, really enjoy breakfast food.  My friend did order the fresh blueberry pancakes after a couple of minutes of tortured decision making between blueberries or strawberries.  At first I thought it odd that her meal consisted of just the pancakes and nothing more.  Then I saw the pancakes and it all made sense.  4 large fluffy blueberry gooey pancakes was more than enough.  There was no way she was taking that home with her so she gave me 2 and all I gotta say is Mmmmmm Mmmm!Hmmmm... dang.  I just made myself hungry and Blueberry Hill sounds really good right now.
1	This was a great disappointment, after originally coming here based on other yelp reviews. I ordered one of their 8 omelet choices, and it was overcooked, and with pieces of fat instead of ham. It even had a bone splinter in there. The toast was soaked in butter, not that I asked for butter on it, but apparently that's the default. The hash-browns were OK, and the coffee kept coming, although it wasn't special. I don't expect much from a cheap diner, but a decent omelet is minimum. My girlfriends High Protein, Low Calorie order also came with butter-dripping toast. HmmmmThe elderly waitress was very sweet though, even after singing happy birthday twice to some of the other patrons. Such commitment. Not recommended at all, very disappointing experience.
4	One of the few places that I frequent whether I'm visiting or living in Las Vegas!My Favorite has to be the Pancakes, Top Sirloin Steak and 2 Eggs or Tennessee Fried Steak and 2 Eggs, YES in that exact order.... I would love to review the whole menu but there isn't enough time to do so, that being said I recommend the above.Service is a hit or miss (Who Cares?), but for sure if your looking for late night good food at a reasonable price, especially if your hotel is on or near Flamingo and Las Vegas Blvd this place is for you. (Super close to Double down saloon)Of course this place is also good for a "Normal" AM breakfast... Sorry I have never had any thing from the lunch or dinner menu.Cheers!
4	First of all, I will always, always, always sit at a counter when the opportunity presents itself.  So I was stoked to snag us a couple of stools at the bar next to a cake dome with some sort of chocolate monstrosity inside.  Mmmm....cake.....But I digress.We actually sought out this place by searching for chilaquiles in Vegas on Yelp!  Why?  Because I had a craving, that's why.  Therefore, I perused the menu merely as a formality before ordering up the Chilaquiles, Mexican-Style.Luckily, I was not disappointed.  Check out my pics for the hefty portions of tortillas, eggs and ranchero sauce complemented with a small salad and perfectly roasted jalapeno.  All cooked to perfection.F**k yeah I'll be back!
4	Found this diner while driving around Las Vegas. Looked up the reviews on yelp and decided to go in. This was our third trip to Vegas and the more I go, the less I want to eat at a casino. The casino buffets are convenient but I always feel I just paid 25.99$ to eat at Old Country Buffet! Ate breakfast two mornings in a row. This place is open 24/7 and you can get any item at any time. First morning I had the Chicken Waffles, West Coast style, it's a big home made waffle with home made chicken fingers put on top of it with yummy salted butter scooped into it and you just pour the syrup over ever thing. Sweet and salty, very good! I was with friends and there was an order of steak and eggs with pancakes at our table. Their pancakes are amazing. Big, light, and fluffy  with big scoops of the salted butter... UMMMMM food coma! Oh yes and not to be forgotten coffee was excellent and service was amazing. Waitress was happy to serve us, and was always refilling coffee and water glasses. Second morning.... I wasn't in the mood for breakfast, we were getting ready to leave Las Vegas via car to Los Angeles and I didn't want anything too sweet. So I had the bacon cheese burger and fries.... excellent! Friends had the chorizo omelet and the other one had the french toast. I had thought their best plate was pancakes... I was wrong, the french toast was even better. Everything was perfect, right amount of being cooked, not soggy, not squished, not hard, cinnamon and powered sugar and then the salted butter on top.... it was the best french toast I've ever eaten.  We will be back to Vegas at the end of our road trip and we plan on going back. The waitresses and the manager (or owner?) spent time talking to us and made us feel welcomed.  This is absolutely a don't miss when you are in Vegas.
4	ZOWWWWIEE! CHOCOLATE CHIP PANCAKES!!!  Or any of their pancakes for that matter.  Eat'em while they're hot!!!  Other than that, everything is really good.  My favorite is the Mexican Scramble with eggs over-easy.  Coffee is very good (even though the mugs are tiny).  Prices are very reasonable.  Open 24 hours.Wear some loose fitting clothes because YOU WILL GET FULL!Why 4 stars instead of 5? Only because the place looks a bit dirty.  Your first time there, you may be put off by the appearance of the place, but once you sink your teeth into the chocolate chip pancakes, you won't remember.  And you'll be back.I go here every-time I'm in LV and I'm in LV several times a year.
4	This 24-hr joint always seems to keep busy.Las Vegans are the true fans and there are reasons for that.   It never closes, it's affordable, pretty good quality, and their food is made in house.Their menu is like a book offering Italian, Mexican, Greek and American cuisine.I grew up surrounded by diners.  It made me feel like I was back east. Especially how they have their dinner specials plated in the front for displayed. greens wilted and gravy with a film from sitting there all day.but i think it's deserves every bit of 4 stars. It's not EXTREMELY scrumptious but it's also not disappointing. It's a diner.I hear their dessert are tasty too.
3	Blueberry Hill has been a classic staple of mine for years.  It's the most recognized 24hr diner in Las Vegas next to the Peppermill for us locals.  It's off the strip in various locations in town and always delivers with good food for a great value.  The strawberry ice cream pancakes were my favorite growing up and I still enjoy them from time to time this present day.
2	Not impressed.  I really craved/wanted hash browns, but didn't want eggs.  After the waitress confused me with suggestions of specials and what can/can't be substituted I thought I was good to go.  After way to large a portion of (good) bluebery pancakes, sausage, and biscuits, there was still no hash browns.  Turns out she goofed.  And her mistake cost me $13!!! Sorry, but $13 for no eggs or hash browns + sloppy service makes me want to do the casino buffets.  I explained to the cashier how unhappy I was and she could not have been any more uninterested.
1	This place sucks!!!dont be fooled by all the good reviews. I was in Vegas an decided to go here with my bf since he found it on yelp, we took a chance seeing how it had good reviews but once again just like big boy In Pasadena I was dissapointed. I ordered an omlette with pancakes, I asked for substitutions and the waitress responded as if I had offended her by asking, she then told me that they dint have substitions and that even if she did it the cook would get pissed and not do my order. So I said fine Iam hungry and need to go Gamble, about 30 minutes later we get our "food", my bf was also dissapointed and said hes hash browns and eggs tasted like water and the only good thing was the waffle even though it was a bit burned. My eggs also tasted like water, pancakes were nothing special, bf said that even I make better breakfast and well thats all you need to know.Sevice=1,food=1 and the overall overated not worth it and Iam been generous since I have to give atleast one star on the reviews.
4	Very good place.  Definitely the best diner food I've ever had.  Very attentive wait staff without feeling like they are trying ot push you out the door.  They have a HUGE HUGE HUGE breakfast menu.  Their biscuits and gravy is incredible
4	love their pancakes N waffles; compared to Ihop....
3	I had the apple sausage omelet. I think the egg to stuff ratio was off, there was a lot of egg. The omelet came with a side and I choose the French Toast. The French Toast was fantastic, get that.The biscuits and gravy were also impressive. Service was efficient and attentive. I want to go back and try some other food items.
4	Blueberry Hill is the most awesome place right off the strip in Las Vegas. It is very similar to an IHOP, but Vegas'ed out. We went here for a late night meal because it was near our Timeshare. The prices were reasonable, the service was over and above especially for the time of night and the best part was the food was fantastic. The only bit that got me was they only serve certain things during certain hours and my first pick was not one being served then. They have a huge range of choices though so we ate like pigs.
4	I love Blueberry Hill! It's definitely an older diner, but it gives it character! The menu has sooo many different options and all of them sound delicious! I normally order breakfast when I'm there, which is consistently always good. You get good sized portions and the service is very friendly. I consider Blueberry Hill to be pretty cheap, considering the quality of the food and the service you get. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone!
4	We went to the Blueberry hill that is on flamingo and near the olive garden. (there are 2 BH right near ea. other on flamingo? strange but convenient i guess. ) It was so packed when we went and it was about 10 am on a sat. morn. A bus load of people got there after us so we just beat this huge monster line. I went with the belgian waffle that had fresh fruit on top - bananas, apples, strawberries, and blueberries of course. my fav of all was the bananas and blueberries. If i ordered this again id def stick to those 2 for the whole thing. omg. it was really good. but paled in comparison to my bf chicken fried steak order. wow. that was good but waayyy less healthy.  The atmosphere was your typical diner and it was really cute and quaint. The food came out super quick and made me wonder wow - how many people are back there b/c the place was really full. I'd def. go back to this place, and its cheaper than hash house a go go.
5	If you are tired of the all you can eat buffets with food sitting under the heat lamp for hours, then head off the strip and try this place. I have been many times, and never disapointed. Great hot and fresh food, and plenty of it. Service has been great for me, and they get you seated fairly quickly when there is a wait. The best part is that everytime I went, I was full, and it didn't cost me $12-$24 like the buffet does. So if you are in the mood for a great breakfast after a night in Vegas GO Here it is worth it. In my opinion it is the best breakfast in Vegas. I have not had lunch or dinner here so can't comment on them.
4	With seven Blueberry Hill Family Restaurants in town, we were bound to try at least one of them by now.With four famished marathon runners, we needed a place to grub down and luckily someone suggested Blueberry Hill (a favorite for him).  He chose this location as his regular joint.I was a little concerned with how long the wait might be on a Sunday around noon, but the wait was only ten minutes or so.  Thank goodness!After getting seated, huge menus were given to us.  Woah!  This restaurant is open 24 hours and the menu reflects that.  There's a whole lot of menu to go through, especially the breakfast items alone!  Definitely take your time making your decision!* Golden Stuffed French Toast " Four thick wedges of French toast stuffed with cream cheese and lavished with your choice of fresh strawberry or blueberry or apple compote, or pineapple spiced rum and coconut compote." ($7.79) - The French Toast was recommended by the regular and I went for the blueberry topping (obviously), although the pineapple spiced rum and coconut one did tempt me just a bit.  I loved the sweetness from the fruit topping and whipped cream, but then I would get this tangy sour taste from the cream cheese as well.  I wasn't sure if I was enjoying that part or not.  But I still ate it all up nonetheless! * Chicken Fried Steak Southern- Style "U.S.D.A. Certified Choice breaded steak served over our new recipe biscuits and smothered in homemade country gravy.  Served with two extra large eggs and hashbrowns." ($10.79) - The Husband is always getting these super fatty dishes and couldn't resist here either.  Although the menu says it served over biscuits, I couldn't really remember if it was and from the picture, I don't see any.  He did get a choice of bread with it and went for the sourdough toast option.  I do want to talk about that sourdough bread - they give out these thick slices of bread and they are yum!  Service - pretty standard service for a busy diner during the weekend brunch rush.  She forgot the tea bag when our friend ordered the tea, but did come around with pots of coffee for refills.They have seasonal specials to look out for - I think they had pumpkin pancakes on the menu when we went. Keep your eye out for the blackboard when you first walk in.
4	If you're looking for an old-fashioned diner with good eats, then you should be sure to come here.  My lovely wife and I went to the Bellagio for some later night Christmas entertainment (the Garden Conservatory and Fountain show), and stopped here on the way back home for a quick bite to eat.  Our waitress was FANTASTIC.  She was perfectly attentive, and very warm & friendly, especially since she had to work on Christmas night!  WELL DONE!  The food was delicious, and the bill fit our budget nicely.  A HUGE PLUS is that this location is open 24 hours--surprisingly for a town like Las Vegas, not all Blueberry Hill locations are open all night!  For a quick, delicious bite off-Strip and away from the hustle and bustle of tourists, come here.  You'll find mostly locals who aren't impressed with noisy drunkards and gluttons looking for the cheapest buffet.  There's lots of free parking, too.  To maybe even come close to a 5-star rating:1. The facilities could use a remodel.  Nothing too crazy and huge, but just enough to distinguish this place from Denny's or IHOP.  2. Serve Coca-Cola products.  I prefer Coke over Pepsi, and I know that's a personal preference, but having both options really rocks for everyone who drinks soda!  3. Some of the products are on the cheap side.  (The shredded cheddar cheese is OBVIOUSLY processed cheese, and tastes like powdery American cheese.)  I know that the ingredients need to be cheaper to keep costs down, but hey, that's one thing that separates 4-star and 5-star establishments in my book.
4	Walking past this location on pretty much any given morning, it's apparent that this is a Las Vegas favorite. The packed parking lot and surrounding curb, a taxi dropping off a fare, cop cars, and the out-of-state plated cars remind me why this modest-looking joint is my choice breakfast locale.The great: The food. It's that simple. My favorite single item is their french toast. 4 wedges and I'm in heaven (and full). I also enjoy their meatloaf and after a night of drinking, the (huge!) breakfast burrito is quite satisfying. The prices are reasonable too, and you generally get a lot of food for the money. The not-so-great: I hate to say it, but the service is not as consistent as I'd like. Late night the servers are always super-attentive, but during the day is another story. It seems like it has little to do with how busy they are, as I've gone on a weekday mid-afternoon and the place is maybe 1/4 full and the service was worse than a visit on a bustling Sunday morning. Still, there's a reason why people from all walks of life come in, it's quite the breakfast joint.
5	This is the ONLY Blueberry Hill that I go to. I always go on Saturday mornings for breakfast but no matter what time it is, the wait staff is nice and the food is sooooo yummy! I drive 15 minutes just to eat at this location!
3	No way was I getting caught in Denny's jail again, so I whipped out the Yelp app and typed in "breakfast" and this joint popped up. The general consensus seemed to be that this chain was a Vegas institution worth eating at at least once. Actually, based on most reviews it sounds like people don't recommend doing so more than once. I was in dire need of some foodstuffs, and the lure of a mountain of blueberry pancakes sold me quickly. From the outside, it looks like a beat-down, antiquated Denny's wannabe; it doesn't look much different inside, either. We got a seat immediately and soon enjoyed the waitressing service of the sweetest old woman I've met since my grandma. Unfortunately, we got seated within earshot of a woman with the most annoying laugh I've ever heard on this planet in 29 years. It sounded like a hyena in the throes of lust with a frightened chimp. We looked lost in the gargantuan menu, so she made a few suggestions based on what we wanted. I went with 2 blueberry pancakes, 2 scrambled eggs and 3 strips of bacon. I really wanted the banana pancakes, but they couldn't be ordered in a combo. Crapola. The food came up fast & hot - but the quality greatly varied. My blueberry pancakes were divine. The cakes were pillowy and moist, drenched with a blue viscous syrup and liberally peppered with fresh blueberries. No syrup required here - these cakes need to be eaten au natural. My eggs were.... eh, gross. I wish they weren't, but they were. I don't think they'd been properly cooked, so they were a little on the "runny snot" side in terms of consistency, and they tasted funky. The bacon was neither super crispy nor soft & chewy; it was just kinda there. There for me to eat. So I ate it. Luckily, the pancakes were so large that I was able to start on them, take a break to eat everything else, then go back to finish them off and to get the taste of the eggs out of my mouth. If I were to come back here again, I think I'd only order something pancake related. Being a protein hound, this isn't my ideal breakfast, but their pancakes are really friggin' good. I'll probably return one more time to get the banana cakes, but that'll likely be the end of my relationship with Blueberry Hill. The rest of their food is decidedly mediocre, but the pancakes are mouth watering and the service was exquisite.
5	Best pancakes ever!  Check 'em out.
3	It was just that A-Ok. Nothing special but not terrible either. Our waitress was really nice but almost too advanced in years to be waiting tables (it kinda took her a long time to get coffee refills)...it wasn't a big deal. My man and I are chill people. I had the ham and cheese omelet with chunky potatoes (recommend those over the hash browns). The sourdough toast was pretty tasty too. My man had pancakes and bacon...he must have loved his because they were gone in about 5 min (he was hungry). I am sure we will be back if we are in the neighborhood and feeling some breakfast food.
4	Loved the pancakes
5	Wow... i think i may have just had the best pancakes i've ever tasted. Holy cow they were awesome. Pigs in the blanket all the way ;)
5	OMGosh, I think I OD'd and went to blueberry heaven!So I was being my usual indecisive self and couldn't decide on what I want for breakfast. I eventually narrowed it down to "blueberry" so I quickly searched on my Yelp app and this place came up. Blueberry pancakes topped with more blueberries! YUM! (see pics!)And instead of coffee, my friend and I ordered an old-fashioned vanilla sundae and poured blueberry syrup on it. So delish!Service is eh. I probably got the same server as Lara. It was a bit slow but the food was definitely worth the wait :)
1	OK sooo...whenever I come to Vegas, I go to this restaurant to have BANANA pancakes...they are normally good, as is the service but today...SO NOT!First off I had to keep asking for water...Secondly our waitress seem to forget about us...Third got my food it was cold...Fourth, had to get up to ask the waitress for warm food, and she had the nerve to ask me, "do you want me to put it in the microwave"..WHAT..NO i want fresh food...FIFTH waited 7minutes finally got up and told her to forget my order...THE FINAL STRAW....I SAW ANOTHER GUEST POINT TO A BUG, NOT A FLY, NOT A NAT, A BUG ON THEIR TABLE!!!GROSSSSSSSSSSS...I GOT UP, went to go and pay..and all that was said was, "ya that happens sometimes"...GROSSSSSSSSSNEVER GOING BACK...IF YOU GO BRING YOUR BUG SPRAY!
1	I wish I had stopped at the IHOP around the corner which has now been downgraded to the SECOND most disgusting place to eat breakfast food. It has the same overused, undercleaned feeling of IHOP but without the swing-and-a-miss decor attempt. The service was friendly, if not accurate nor timely. The "homemade" blueberry muffin tasted as if it was a mixture of Krusteaz and cement. I ate two bites of that brick twelve hours ago and I've had the displeasure of constant "reminders" of its taste every few minutes since then.I ordered The Alamo which was three small breakfast burritos that managed to rank below McDonald's similarly plasticine product in taste and texture. The beans that came with it were a brownish-gray paste that I have to admit I didn't have the courage to consume.My friend ordered eggs and hash browns and was pleased. But then, she's not writing this review. This was, by far, the worst meal I have ever had in Vegas; and I've eaten the $3.99 steak and eggs special on Fremont Street. I cannot recommend this place to anyone that is not completely 'faced before ever entering the building.
3	Haven't ate at a Blueberry Hill since I was a teen, and I remember it the same way as it always used to be. The interior hasn't looked like it really changed since years ago. Their menu has a fairly decent amount of variety when it comes to combination plates and different meals to choose from whether it's breakfast, lunch, or even something you would consider as dinner.Our server was friendly and prompt with our meal, and I ended up having the veggie omlette substituted with egg whites instead. DELICIOUS! It was so filling I couldn't finish the entire portion, their portions in general are plenty and you definitely get good side items of toast or hash browns. Blueberry Hill has always been an A-OK place for me to go to when craving breakfast items instead of IHOP.
5	Get the Apple Chicken Sausage!!!  I love eating breakfast at this place...I look forward to eating here everytime I'm in Vegas!!!
4	Ever had a $100+ midnight snack/breakfast?No, that is not how much we spent for our food here but that's about how much we've spent in total for our impromptu trip to vegas.We left for Vegas around 9pm and got here around 1:30am. There were only a few cars in the parking lot. There are slot machines by the waiting area and past them is the specials board. Order:Little Boy Blue - stack of 3 blueberry pancakes with blueberry topping and whipped cream, 2 eggs, and choice of ham, sausage, or bacon. Got the ham.- definitely YAY for the pancakes :)Mushroom omelette (from the specials board) - came with hash brownsCoffee - Columbian brewService: sloooooooooooow!The server was trying to serve six tables at once. Then more people arrived that they actually opened up another section and then my water glass disappeared. Is that a cue to just keep asking for coffee? We'll probably come back when we're in the area but probably get it to go. I noticed that the guy who walked in after us to get his order to go got his before we did.
4	Blueberry Hill was better than we expected. Seeing the menu online, then the exterior of the restaurant and knowing it was a 24 HR joint sort of lowered our expectations going into it. 24 hour restaurants are usually below average, but we felt this place was a great find.We arrived around 11:30am on a Saturday and there was a short line up in front of us. We were seated fairly quickly and the staff was pleasant.I ordered some sort of ground Angus beef steak topped with bacon and cheese, served with eggs (I got scrambled), hashed potatoes and a side of toast. My boyfriend ordered the Meat Lovers Omelacake served with hashed potatoes. Both plates were HUGE. Everything was tasty and we've both never really seen breakfast items like these anywhere else, so it was a treat to try something new and different. They have a pretty big menu and a few of the items are unique from other similar breakfast places.I'm not sure how their dinner is, but the breakfast was delicious. My honey and I both agreed that the coffee was yummy as well! That's always a very important detail ;)(*This place fell short of 5 stars for me only because I was brought brown toast instead of white toast the first time my food was served to me, small detail. The waitress brought me the white toast a couple minutes later and apologized for the mix up)
3	I'm not going to kid you. I questioned the judgment of the individual who brought me there, because he doesn't care about quality. It is not the nicest looking place. Fortunately, the Blueberry Hill is a good restaurant. I had their chicken special, which was sliced chicken breast on a bed of noodles, with some mixed vegetables. It was pretty average, but good quantity. I wondered if the place was popular with people who got liquored up. Then I tried their carrot cake. While I love carrot cake, this carrot cake was superb. It was frosted so well; not with a big thick layer of frosting but nicely frosted so it wouldn't kill the taste of the cake itself. The cake was well textured and moist. I wanted to have some ice cream with it, but I think I would have been carried out of the place.Our waitress was attentive and provided us the food on time; meaning hot.If you're on a budget, want good food, especially breakfast like pancakes and French toast, I believe Blueberry Hill is a nice option.
5	Always excellent food and really great coffee!
3	A friend of mine recommended this place on the day I left Las Vegas for breakfast.  I didn't know what to expect, but I decided to just go with the flow.  Blueberry Hill was better than I thought.  Not knowing what this place was, I just thought it was just another eatery.  After parking the car and entering the establishment, I entered the restaurant and was pleasantly surprised.  We arrived on a Monday at 9am and the place was alive with energy.  Glad I didn't eat breakfast at a major hotel / casino, since they would have been quite pricey.  The neighborhood diner would do just fine, and that is what Blueberry Hill is.  I can compare this place to IHOP or Denny's, but this place is kinda different, but similar in alot of respects.  Its a decent place with nice people, at least when I was there.  I got the corned beef hash with 2 eggs and hasbrowns with sourdough toast.  And coffee.  Pretty tasty for $8. Service was good, although sometimes slow.
2	This review is for the Blueberry Hill Restaurant located next to the library on Flamingo. A group of seven of us had just got done bowling at Sam's Town and were looking to get our "after drinking grub" on. It was around 1am when we sat and began our wait....and I mean WAIT!!! We starting timing the waitress on our phones to see how long it was going to take her to get our order...10 minutes and a solid minute before we were going to leave. After that we waited another 10 minutes to actually get the drinks we ordered, well some of us that is. Me and two other friends ordered coffee and after waiting twenty minutes to see her start to walk over with it we all realized there was not enough in the pot for all of us. So my friend waited another 10 minutes before he actually got his coffee. My friend and I that did get coffee originally were already done with our coffee when he finally got some....uuggghhh!! Our friends that ordered soda both complained that something didn't taste right and switched too water. AND that was just the drinks:( Now the food is the only part of this review that i gave stars to. Not for it's promptness or fantastical value because it had neither but for the fact that it was hot and filled up my alcohol laden belly as wished. It was good....when we finally got it:( To set things into perspective...when we got there another large group of six sat down at the same time as us. When we were sitting there wondering if we would ever get our food or coffee for the lone one of  us that still hadn't gotten any they were gone and fed!!!! What a crappy experience at a normally very good place...disappointed that i brought my friends there for their first time and our waitress sucked!!! Must have had something to do with the 18% tip she tacked on our bill:{
4	We stopped in here randomly after flying in to Vegas early one morning for a quick weekend - passed this place while on the way to our hotel.  We were looking for a diner or family-style restaurant to get a full, filling breakfast before the craziness of the weekend. The place was packed & the parking lot too - must be a sign the food is awesome.  Despite the amount of people, we easily found a parking spot in the extra large attached lot & we were quickly seated inside.  They have fresh baked muffins and the blueberry one was huge and amaaaaaaaazing.  It came out hot & with a dish of whipped butter.  My mom and I made a meal of that before our actual breakfast plates came out.We saw a ton of huge (we're talking 2" thick) pancakes floating by to other tables and if we ever come back, we are totally getting them.  They also have really large cakes up front...at least 6" tall!  Plenty of booths & tables + counter seating.  Come here hungry!
4	Nothing is better than breakfast after a night of club/bar hopping and drinking. Blueberry Hill has everything to suit whichever mood you are in. There is no need to settle on eggs if the craving for a burger is present. This allows for less bickering with your friends and more time to nurse that impending hangover.Tonight, my friend and I shared an Alaskan Waffle with Apple Compote. The crispy yet fluffy waffle was layered with a thick serving of vanilla ice cream, heaps of warm apple pie filling, and a mound of whip cream. The hot waffle started to melt the ice cream, creating a wonderful sauce. This monster is definitely something to share. At a little over $9, it can easily feed two while leaving you feel comatose. Being so close to the university, this is definitely an old haunt that reminds me of many a drunken nights. The wait staff here know how to deal with this crowd of younger party goers.
3	My husband, myself and some members of my husband's family came here for breakfast while visiting Vegas. This place looks like an old school diner. The prices were cheap and the food was mediocre but there was no smoking so I gave it an extra star. The restaurant was very crowded when we came and we could not all sit together. Service was slow and inattentive. The food was nothing to write home about and closely resembles Denny's or Carrows. This restaurant offers cheap food if you have lost a lot of money gambling or if you need a meal because you are hung over but is definitely not serving food that would write home about.
4	I love Blueberry Hill. If you get one of the good servers you will have hot food, excellent service and a great time. I'd recommend Mary, Margarita, Stephanie and at night-time Kendall. Avoid Nancy at all costs! At this place the server makes all the difference in the world. Pancakes are fluffy, the ham and cheese omelet has top quality ham and cheese, so much better than IHOP or Denny's. I also love the Italian meatloaf.
1	"You've never been to Blueberry Hill?" asks the incredulous Vegan when I say after living here three years I've never eaten at the casual restaurant. "Oh, you have to go, it's a Vegas staple!"So after a few drinks we needed something open late. We couldn't agree on a place open late that sounded good to everyone, and Blueberry Hill was close by.Blueberry Hill is open 24 hours. It all goes downhill from there.I ordered the chilequilas, which I had never had before. I guess they're like breakfast nachos. The food was absolutely mediocre at best. Now I know it's 1am, and fine dining isn't exactly what I'm looking for, but it at least should make me go "Yum!" instead of "Oh..." And around us, between the four, nothing was a stand out at all. Nothing said to us, "Damn, that's what we SHOULD have ordered." (Although H. San's pancake stack looked mildly appealing.)Service was awful. Again, I know it's 1am, and if you're a little understaffed, I understand. Grave is not an easy shift. But it doesn't take that long to refill a soda or coffee. How do I know this? Because after she had asked if we wanted refills, she proceeded to forget AND REFILL EVERY OTHER TABLE before a busser offered us refills.So yeah. It'll be a long time before I come back to this dump. There, I've been to Blueberry Hill, I've done my duty as a Las Vegan, now leave me alone!
3	When I head to Blueberry Hill, I usually head to the one on Decatur that's closer to me, but this is a relatively good alternative. We came here after a long evening and not everyone was in the best mood since we were hungry and tired. The waitress was overwhelmed. Way too many tables for just two waitresses and one busboy from what I could see. She was friendly and tried be as attentive as she could given the circumstances. My omelet was ok, nothing spectacular but a solid meal. There was lots of meat and it was gigantic for the price. It did the trick. They have an enormous menu with everything your heart could desire to eat. I usually stick with the breakfasts, but they have a huge amounts of lunch and dinner options as well. When I'm looking for some very late night breakfast I usually head to Blueberry Hill. I also really enjoy breakfast as dessert. Nothing satisfies my sweet tooth like some french toast, crepes or pancakes, yum.Everyone else in my party seemed a little perturbed by the service, but I really have to give them credit for doing the best they could while in the weeds and still keep an upbeat and positive attitude. Not the greatest restaurant, but hopefully the manager will put more staff during peak hours to take care of guests.
5	I LOVE BLUEBERRY HILL. Everything about it. I do not think I have ever had a bad experience at this one off of Flamingo and Maryland. I have been there with 10 people and for such a small kind of place, they have always found space for us to sit together. I made friends with one of the older waitresses. She is adorable. I have never waited a ridiculous amount of time for my food. One I came in at 9:15am, had my food at 9:20, give or take a minute. It was so fast. It is inexpensive and open 24 hours! As a college student it is perfect for those late night cravings of some good french toast or anything really. When my family comes into town there is no doubt that when asked where do they want to eat this weekend, "Blueberry Hill, duh!" At least once they have to eat there when they are in town. Its awesome. They have deals all the time too.  I had French Toast, Eggs, and Bacon for 5.99, but it was the before 11am special. I think thats pretty cheap and it is way way way better then Denny's even though I can't hate on Denny's too much. :) On another visit, it was a busy Saturday, but the folks I was with, we had sat there and was walking for 3 hours and not once did they ask us to move or hurry up and leave when we finished eating 2 hours before. It was nice to just be able to sit there and converse with your friends and not being pushed away because they needed the tables for others. They are pretty quick at getting tables cleaned and ready to go for the next guests as soon as the previous ones have left. I have never waited more than 20min, even when the parking lot was full and cars had to start parking on the street. Great environment, great food, and the best french toast ever! (So far)
5	I love The Blue Berry hill, It's not too from UNLV and this place Is perfect for those late nights after heavy partying, right before class and even after class. The Hill Is best known for they're breakfast but It has a large menu for lunch and dinner. The servers are sweet and they are very attentive when It comes to coffee refills. My fave is the Corned Beef with 2 eggs which comes with your choice of hush browns or pancakes and toast.
5	skip breakfast on the strip.  skip waiting over an hour for some buffet.  just come here and get friendly fast service and great food.  the cinnamon toast pancakes are out of this world.  and don't even get me started on the insanely thick, extra crispy bacon.yummmmmmmmmmm!  i drooling just remembering this place.
5	They have many choices on the menu and reasonable prices.  The service was friendly and we were seated quickly even though they were busy.  The food was excellent and it was nice getting away from the strip.
1	The service in this place was SO BAD we never actually met our official waitress. The person we flagged down was an elderly lady who kept apologizing about the section waitress.The food, while not horrible was over sized to the point that made me uncomfortable leaving so much uneaten. This is the first place I have felt compelled not to leave a tip in 30 years.Silver lining ....... ? ...... the cashier undercharged me by about $10.00I'd AVOID THIS PLACE unless you're the type that could be used as an extra on an episode of "Breaking Bad"
1	well just recently decided to stop in for a bite, never been to this Restaurant before and thought id try it out!  While waiting for our order to arrive i noticed we were not the only ones waiting to eat, we noticed roaches crawling across the top of our booth we were sitting at! what surprised me more was when i notified the manager he offered to give us half off the check!   smh...
1	Let me get this straight. I LOVE BLUEBERRY HILL RESTAURANT. I just detest THIS one. After coming in at around 4 am with a small group of friends after a night out it became the last time I step foot at this particular location. The waitress was EXTREMELY rude. We never got refills on any of our drinks. The food was ok at best. Thank goodness there are other locations because I love the Chicken Fried Steak Breakfast. It's not the cleanest either. There is always something sticky somewhere! Being the only patrons in the restaurant at that time you would think we wouldn't be ignored so blatantly.
4	Great food and reasonable prices, which is truly refreshing in Las Vegas. Service was very responsive, too.
2	Sometimes one experiences a craving for comfort food. That's what happened to me a night ago. And, based on previous visits, this Blueberry Hill seemed a logical choice. It was in theory, but in practice and on balance this particular evening, the restaurant fell far short of my expectations. I chose a "7.77 special," which is served on week days from 11 a.m. through 9 p.m. This is a real bargain, for a diner receives one large entree from a specific list of eligible selections; a side; a choice of soup or dinner salad; a choice of homemade dessert; and a soft drink, coffee, or tea. Of course, my wife, who never saw a hot chocolate she didn't like, just had to order one at an additional cost. This variety was very chocolaty--which is a good thing. Diane ordered a cup of Clam Chowder, but onion hater that she is, did not like it or the soup's consistency very much. So I ate the remainder, and found the soup to be a bit thin in texture but nevertheless pretty tasty although not very hot. Then things really began to unravel. My dinner salad, consisting of Iceberg Lettuce, Red Onion, tomato, carrot shavings, and croutons, with French Dressing tasted good in the beginning. But, as I drew closer to the bottom of the bowl, I saw that it was filled with water, as if the lettuce had never been drained. This necessarily made the remaining lettuce in the bowl soggy, so I ate no further salad. About the same time I noticed water in my salad, my feet felt like they were crushing something on the floor. I looked down, and below our booth saw about ten large scraps of food underfoot, along with an empty non-dairy creamer container. This was unappetizing and appalling! So I told our server, and she got a broom and cleared up the floor space beneath our booth. My Italian Meatloaf that was cooked with mild green peppers and tomatoes was moist and very good, but the spaghetti accompanying it with meat sauce was limp and overcooked. I had to ask twice for Parmesan Cheese, and a garlic breadstick had only the faintest taste of garlic. I could also see just by her sawing of the meat that Diane's Pork Steak Fritter was too tough. It was also touted as coming with homemade cornbread and biscuits, and neither was anywhere in sight. Instead, this entree was plated with garlic bread. And, all of my hot food items were barely warm. Diane's Carrot Cake tasted much more like Spice Cake, and had not been warmed as requested. But, at least it tasted like good Spice Cake! And, my homemade Cherry Pie a la mode was delivered warm, and was delicious. Overall, quality control was clearly lacking and there were just too many problems and aberrations on this visit to warrant any more than the awarding of two stars. Hopefully, our next foray here will yield much better results!
4	I knew my last outing here was a fluke!  This time the restaurant was very clean, and it was up to its customary fine standards of food and service.I opened with a nice hot bowl of homemade Chicken Noodle Soup that was filled with zucchini, celery, carrots, corn, peas, and white meat chicken.  The chicken was irregularly shaped, and there was one small piece of bone still attached to it, attesting to the flavorful soup's authenticity and presenting clear proof that it did not come out of a can.  A cold Dinner Salad quickly followed, with Iceberg Lettuce, tomato slices, red onions, croutons, and a tasty thick French Dressing.  Next came the Chopped Steak Special, cooked medium well but still packing plenty of flavor, accompanied by mushrooms, broccoli, carrots, cauliflower, and delicious Mashed Potatoes.  Diane's Country Fried Steak was a little spongy as one would like, and the crispy Hash Browns she ordered with it were excellent.  Both gravies were thick and tasty: dark Brown Gravy for the Chopped Steak and Mashed Potatoes, and old-fashioned white Country Gravy for the Country Fried Steak.For dessert, which came with our specials, I selected the Chocolate Chocolate Layer Cake a la mode with a little Whipped Cream, all of which was simply excellent.  And, Diane opted for Chocolate Cream Pie with an Oreo crust.  All cakes and pies are made fresh daily on premises, and these two were scary rich.  There was a little ice inside the huge scoop of Vanilla Ice Cream that rested beside my large slice of cake, but otherwise the combination of flavors was divine, and even the Ice Cream was gratis.Service was good and friendly.  It was efficient but we were never rushed or had to wait long for any course.  The hard-bottom booths are not very comfortable, but they'll do.  You'll likely quickly forget about that as you enjoy the very reasonably priced comfort food that exists here in abundance.
1	Terrible service, ordered waffle with sausage got bacon instead.told waiter and instead of saying let me fix that he says "are you sure you ordered sausage"? i have it written that you ordered bacon,then he went on to say "I do this everyday" .so does that mean you don't make mistakes? Then he walks away shaking his head..He just kept on arguing.At that point I told didn't want any of the food.Never will go back there again.
4	Whenever we take a trip to Vegas, we stop here at least once for breakfast or lunch. This location is always consistent with food and for the most part the service is decent. The manager always makes sure to keep the customers waiting for a table informed of the status, which makes the wait bearable. We brought my family for breakfast for the first time before heading home and the food was still great, but the waitress was disappointing. She rarely checked on us and the other waitress from a different section had to fill our coffee mugs. She then returns with an excuse that she didn't want us to think that she forgot us, but that she was waiting for a fresh pot. A bit of communication would've worked. She later on made sure to walk by and ignore us some more after seeing the small tip we left on our credit card slip. She is lucky we left any at all and it was only because we frequent that location often. The food is definitely the best out of all the locations we have tried. The blueberry pancakes, omelets, and waffles with chicken apple sausage are my favorites.
1	This is actually 1.5 StarsOne of the worst experiences I've had dinning in Vegas... this is the reason you dont leave the strip to get foodAfter my sisters Bachelorette party and her fiances Bachelor party we all decided to grab lunch before heading back to LA. we were 7 girls, 10 guys. The guys had gotten there first and they had set them up on 4 tables next to each other. When we got there the man at the door very rudely told us that we are not allowed to go in until they figure things out. So we wait... 5 min later no one came to get us so we went in and joined the boys... Waitress was soooo slow. It took her over 15 min to ask us for drinks... then another 20 to bring it... We ordered our food, some people at the table got food, some didn't.., We had to remind her 5 times to bring BBQ sauce... Reminded her 4 times that one of the girls didn't have a fork... Then we find HAIR in the food!!! GROOOOSSSS... we had to send it back, did we get an apology? NOPE... she gave us attitude took it back, and then brought another plate after 10 min.Food was not that great either, I got a caesar salad, for some reason on the menu it said with tomatoes and onions... I asked for no onions.. it came with onions, I didnt complain just picked them out.. and no cheese or croutons on it.. =/ Not satisfied... Rest of the food that everyone else got was just ok! nothing special... Asked for refills on the water, didn't get them until after the check was given! The waitress was rude, slow, and didn't bring us anything we asked for... top it off no silverware, one was dirty, and there was hair in the food... will I be back? Take a wild guess!! NOPE
5	My Peppermill away from Peppermill. Amazing food and a massive menu. The Alaska Waffle and the huevos rancheros benedict are nuts. They even have Oreo cookies and cream pancakes. Service is hit and miss but the food is ALWAYS good.
3	This place was good, but not mind-blowing. For some breakfast in Vegas, great stop. It is essentially a non-commercial version of IHOP--similar prices, dishes, etc. however I must say their blueberry pancakes were bomb. We went in with a table of 8 and were seated relatively quickly, were asked what we wanted to order in less than a minute (which was kind of overwhelming with this size of the menu), re-asked quickly and served quickly. In having gotten the blueberry pancakes for myself I was quite pleased with my meal (plus potatoes, eggs and sausages on the side), however others at my table got the cornbeef hash (ehh, ok), a Tex-Mex style omelet (ok), and other variations. They have large portions and I may return. Probably not, for breakfast previously I went to a cafe in the Venetian which was cute, quaint, and delish.
5	Given that it is a Diner, that is open 24 hours, AND it is in Las Vegas. This place is awesome!I think people forget that this isn't a Morton's or Wolfgang Puck's on the strip. It is a Diner that serves all hours of the day. I was writing this review but it randomly deleted HALF of my review. I'm really pissed...oh well.So I'm going to keep this short and sweet.I LOVE THEIR FRENCH TOAST!!!HOLY MOTHER FREAKING AMAZINGNESS IN MY ORIFICE ON MY FACE!!! That is all.Ook not really.So I had their omelette also.HOLY CANOLI SPICCOLI! Their omelettes are TWICE! yes, TWICE the size of most places. The reason being is (I believe) that they use the eggs from the carton instead of real eggs. Either way, AWESOMENESS for a FATTY like ME!ok I'm over the caps lock pretending to yell thing.Just go. It's a Diner, don't expect 5 star service. Be happy they have good food, at reasonable prices.It is a diner.
4	Was in Vegas for a week long party and fellow party goers (aka my friends frm Phx) said lets go out to breakfast and try Blueberry Hill, oh once the name was said I could only picture nice fluffy pancakes with big beautiful blueberries in them in around them!  So I forced myself to be up and ready by 10 and off we went!We were a party of 8, but it was ok, we didn't have to wait long for a table and service was great!  I ordered some coffee and water to start, needed that to get the brain working, then just for s&g's I checked out their menu, and I almost derailed myself a few times from my order, everything sounded so good!When it came to my turn to order, I asked for the blueberry pancake stack, minus the blueberry compote, with side of hash browns, oh boy was I in for a treat! The pancakes were better than I even imaged them to be! They were fluffy, packed with nice juicy blueberries on the inside & topped with whipped cream & fresh blueberries on top! DELISH BABY!! Hit it with some syrup and that was sweet bliss! The hash brown they make them fresh and to me they were more like breakfast potatoes and they didn't disappoint! Breakfast was good, I will come back and have to try out other parts of the menu's everyone ordered a different dish and everything looked great!
4	This place was very good. I don't eat pancakes regularly but these were in my top 3 of all times. The specials look especially tasty. The service was out of this world. I believe it was Nancy and should be example ALL waitresses should be like. Friendly, attentative and informative. If I lived in Vegas I would be a patron of theirs regularly. The restaurant is exceptionally CLEAN. I don't know about the other restaurants if it is a chain, but I will be a customer of theirs.
4	Was STARVING when we hit Blueberry HIll for breaky this AM, but that is not why I loved it and why I'm giving them four stars.  This is my third visit to this location and every time the food has been good and the service decent.  This was no exception.  The service was friendly, but not awesome, but they have this TREMENDOUS menu.  Seriously, it's huge and the food is delicious.  This time I stepped away from my usual fried egg and toast breakfast and ordered the Full House.  This came with 2 eggs, 2 slices of bacon, 2 sausage links and two crepes. The crepes are filled with a cheese mixture and a hot fruit compote.  I'm not a big fan of fruit in my food, especially mushy sweetened fruit, but I was hoping maybe they had orange or peach.  No, strawberry, blueberry or apple.  While I normally would never order something with strawberries in it (I like 'em fresh, but not fake flavored stuff), I went with the strawberry, which really made our waitress happy, by the way.  I'm glad I did because these crepes were DEEEELISH!  Seriously good.  My scrambled eggs were perfectly cooked and perfectly salted.  The bacon was crispy and the sausage flavorful.  I LOVED my meal.  My friend ordered the same thing only with blueberry and she loved it, too.  The husband ordered the turkey club sandwich and the bread came out perfectly lightly toasted and he enjoyed his food.My friend picked up the check, but I think it was about $30 for the three meals and one iced tea. Not coffee shop CHEAP, but affordable and with the great food, a total value.Pretty much you can get almost anything you can imagine to eat here.  It exceeded my expectations for a coffee shop which is why I am a fan and will be back!WHAT CAN THEY DO TO GET FIVE STARS?~UPDATE THE HECK OUT OF IT.  The truth is that this place is old.  The building is old, the furniture is old, the dishes are old, the menus are old.  THE BATHROOMS ARE OLD.  Yeah, it's sort of part of it's charm and of course if they DID update it the prices would go up, but it can't get a five star rating as is.
4	Fantastic place to sit and chill, get some pie a la mode and a coffee and just relax. Love this place!
5	An absolutely terrific place to have breakfast; their French toast combos was wonderful, and ditto for the orange juice. The service was wonderful.I'll definitely come back here the next time I visit las vegas
5	Breakfast is definately my favorite meal of the day.  That being said, I can't believe that I have never been here in our 9 years in Las Vegas.  The coffee is perfect.  The pancakes are better than most.  I had a combo with crepes that were fricking yumm!  The blueberries didn't come out of a can!  I like the diner atmosphere and will make it a point to get here for breakfast more often!
4	Good food for better prices then what you find on the Strip
4	Like a lot of locals, I first came to the Hill after a night of drinking (great hangover food!). I've since stopped drinking, but I still depend on this place for a solid breakfast.This location has been codenamed "the good one" by Boyfriend and I, so we make the trip on Saturday mornings rather than go to the location right up the street. This location just seems better put together than the others. As a twosome, we are usually seated very quickly. The service is not exceptional, but leaves nothing to be desired. The waitresses are exactly what you'd expect in a diner (after walking in the doors, you have no name. You'll be known as "honey" or "sweetie"). I can honestly say that I've never gotten a non-breakfast item, given that breakfast is awesome and served 24 hours. My guilty pleasure is the eggs benedict. Whether you get actual poached eggs or not is a toss-up, but it's still tasty. Really, I've never been disappointed. The Hill is a step down from The Cracked Egg in price and taste, but still quite a few steps from the bottom!
5	Fantastic breakfast spot. Huge portions you might consider splitting a meal omelettes are huge and delicious. Bread all looks home made best breakfast in Vegas so far not to mention the best value.
5	Still the best place for breakfast around - reasonable prices, classic freshly prepared breakfasts, sassy waitresses who keep your coffee full.  If there's just two of you and theres a line, so if you can sit at the counter - then you get to watch all the awesome dishes come flying out of the window.
5	Good food and good/friendly service.
3	I decided to try yelp again for a late night snack in the Las Vegas Area. I found Blueberry Hill Family restaurant due to it's location and average reviews.We stopped in and it's an older mom and pop type pancake restaurant. The server attended to us 5 minutes in and we ordered the midnight specials. I go tthe eggs, toast, bacon and hash browns. The hash browns weren't that hot and needed some more salt and pepper. The toast was over cooked.Once the desert came (included in special) it was a Blueberry muffin that appeared to be a little over cooked and contained like 5 blueberries.The only reason I give it a 3 star rating is due to the customer service. The lady has worked there for 20+ years and she was a very pleasurable person. If I'm drunk, I might return.
4	First time here and loved it. Comfort food!! Service is fast, food is great, and prices are low.
3	The food is great, but the service leaves much to be desired (especially in the early morning hours).
4	My Wife and I LOVE this spot. They have killer $8.95 specials that include the entree, two sides, corn bread, drink and dessert! Kids eat for .99 Cents so not only is the food great, but the value is incredible. Great place for breakfast or dinner.
5	Came in on a busy Saturday morning and the service was great!  Couldn't have been any better or faster.   Omelets are nice and fluffy.   Everything is made from scratch and it tastes like it.  Pancakes are the best anywhere.  Best breakfast place I have been to ever.  Can't wait for lunch!
4	This is a must whenever I'm in Vegas. Best breakfast around. Service is always great. Everyone has a smile and i get the sense of appreciation. They also have flavored cream...big plus in my book. The chicken sausage is the bomb!
4	Another casual spot close to the university that serves as a fun meeting point for solid diner grub.  (I've been told it's also a great place to remedy a night of overhydration....)  I had a lovely apple sausage omelet with 3 buttermilk pancakes as a (huge) side; everything was hot, fresh, and yummy.  Piggie that I am, I ate the whole thing, much to the admiration of my brunch buddy.  :)  Our server was super nice and joked with us whilst taking our order, delivering our food, and whisking away our cleaned dishes.  Great value and comfy environment make this a winner in my books.
3	This place is a local chain that is fairly dependable and reasonably priced. The Flamingo location, like all the others, gets busy from 9-12 on the weekends. But even during those busy times there is never an uncomfortable wait. They have a crew of experienced waitresses, but lately they have been training new waitresses during those busy times.  This of course leads to some missteps, but it's never a huge inconvenience.  And the waitresses are always nice.   There was a menu shift a few years ago and Blueberry Hill revamped their menus at every location. They started offering more selections. It seemed to be an effort at competing with some of the national chains. Suddenly there were big laminated books filled with pictures of Chocolate Oreo Pancakes and Chilaquiles. I stay away from the Mexican food on the breakfast menu. It's OK at best.Overall the quality of some of their dishes seemed to suffer a bit as a result of the changes. Hubby says the chicken fingers and ham steak have declined in the last few years.  The omelets and combos are still solid. I stick with my standby, the Waitress Special (eggs, waffle, and bacon or sausage).  Their waffle is a tasty surprise.  I've never been unhappy with it.   On Sundays there is often a kid out front selling the local paper. Even if you don't buy a paper from him, he holds the door for you. I haven't seen him for a while; I hope he's still around.POSITIVE CHANGE: They carry Twinings Tea now.  That might not impress tea lovers, but it's a huge step up from the Lipton they've been carrying for years. IN RETROSPECT: This hasn't been a positive review in the traditional sense. But it is a positive review. They are open 24 hours. I know what I'm going to get at Blueberry Hill. The wait is never long. The waffles are good.  And the people are pleasant.  In spite of the changes, I still like it here.
5	Omg! This place was wonderful. Our waitress was sweet and talkative we us. Very very sweet. The food was amazing! I had french toast and my boyfriend had pancakes and it made my mouth water. When in Vegas again I am most definitely eating there again.
5	We've been going to las Vegas for about 30 years and we always like to leave the hotel and go have breakfast. This place has super size portions and the price is reasonable. Friendly staff. Breakfast here is always great. Pancakes are super.
4	Love this place. Great food at great prices!!
5	My family is full of big eaters and we used to all do a big Christmas at my Grandparents' house in Vegas. After attending Midnight Mass with my mom one year, we were driving home and gave each other that shameful look. I ask ashamed, "Are you hungry?" She looked back, more ashamed because she was the adult, "Yeah." So we hit Blueberry Hill and had a Alaskan Waffle...each. My love of the restaurant was born.For out of towners, visiting BH should be a tradition unlike any other. The Yelp description of a five-star is dead on: "Whoohoo! As good as it gets!" BH should be the standard by which every chain breakfast place compares themselves. A conventional breakfast haus, the food is good, the servings are large, the pries are fair, and the service is great.Go to Blueberry Hill. It's not far off the strip and you'll feel a hell of a lot better grabbing a breakfast there (and getting away from the Strip).
5	Try the cinnamon pancakes, they're the best I ever had!
3	I used to like Blueberry Hill but something has changed in the few years since I last ate here.  It was just lacking a certain something.  Oh yeah.  Quality.  I went in around 5:30 in the evening and the restaurant was basically empty.  That should have been my first clue.  I ordered a meatball sandwich with fries and a dinner salad.  The salad came out first and was nothing special.  I had Italian dressing and it was far to oily.  Hardly any vinegar to speak of.  It left a weird coating in my mouth that was rather unpleasent.  But I ate it because I don't like wasting food.  My meatball sandwich and fries came out looking impressive but was a bit underwhelming when I ate it.  Sure, there were a lot pf big meatballs on a nice sized roll.  And there was just the right amount of sauce.  Meat sauce to be precise.  No shortage of meat here.  The issue I had with this sandwich is that it wasn't hot.  Just luke warm.  The cheese had already coagulated.  How long was this thing under the heat lamp?  At least the fries were good.  Though after eating the oily salad and the luke warm sandwich I was too full to eat all of my fries.  I guess that is a mark in the win column.  I was full.
4	Went to Blueberry after a night of boozing, and it was 3AM when we arrived.. (of course.. hello LV!) Just to start off, the food was great at Blueberry. The waitress could have been a bit more enthusiastic though... I know she probably deals with drunken people all the time, but she could care less about giving suggestions. It was kind of rude when some of us were genuinely really asking for opinion. Especially when you go, "can I ask you a question" and in all seriousness, her reply was , "no".Who does that.Whatever. The Fried Chicken & Waffle was pretty delicious.. devoured that quick.I also enjoyed their egg benedict that I shared with my friend. Simple and easy.Pretty good for the price.Would have been 5 stars if the lady was friendly.I would still come back for the Fried Chicken and Waffle.
5	Chicken and waffles.  Wonder.  Malted waffle batter added surprising flavor to thin white meat juicy fried chicken on thick waffles.  Four pieces of chicken covering each of the quarters of waffles.  Strawberry compote (from crepes) went fabulously well with this ridiculous combination. I kept thinking these disparate mealtime pieces had no business being together.   I was so wrong.The four cheese (cottage, cream, sour&?) crepes (two) filled the plate. Just the right amount of sweet to savory balance.  It came with choice of fruit compote. I chose strawberry on the side.  I like to taste the main part before dousing it with something all to sweet.  Good thing.  'Cause my Partner-in-Dine used it on her chicken and waffles.She also ordered cheese fries (not on menu and not a problem).  We expected cheddar cheese but got American which, was just as good.My crepes came with three eggs and my choice of crispy bacon.  Done right.  Everything from greeting upon entry to accommodating both of our particular preferences with a smile and speed.  No sense our server was hiding an eye roll.  She made us happy and made us believe she was happy to serve us.We will be back.And the next day we were.  To a different location this time.  My First PID had the Veal Parmigiana.  The veal was nearly 3/4 inch thick and the batter was thin and crispy.  Too often it is the reverse.  PID2 had to try the Chicken and Waffles.  He is picky about this kind of thing, too.  He finished them off.  I had eggs & bacon cooked exactly as I ordered (I am finicky about this, as many other things) and pancakes so light, fluffy, sweet, and HUGE.  I couldn't finish it all.  Unusual for me not to leave a clean plate.  But, I was so full there was just no way.Service here was equally as good as at the other location.Highly recommend.
4	Home made goodness
4	Stopped by this place for breakfast before heading to the airport to fly home. The food was good, the service was good and friendly. The quantities are large, so we split a breakfast, which was enough for the both of us. This is a family style diner, so don't expect anything fancy, just a down home kind of place. We will go back if we return to Las Vegas
5	Compared to Hash House A Go Go, this is definitely the better place to eat breakfast food. Their pancakes are very good.
4	This place has it all!Huge pancakes, waffles, 4 egg omelets, huge!Chicken fried steak, chicken fried chicken, biscuits and gravy, beef hash, eggs benedict, I could go on!The atmosphere is nice, it's a step or two up from Denny's, but definitely large corporate scale'ish.  But it's still pleasant and quick.We come here whenever we visit Vegas and it's become one of our favorite breakfast spots.The servers are all very nice, we are usually sat quickly, and the food portions are so big, no one can ever finish, but the prices are all great, so....what's not to like?
2	Only gave 2 stars, because when I mentioned Military discount the lady behind the register looked at me like I was crazy, she said "no discounts here, we don't even get employee discounts" REALLY, !!! Employee discounts !!. I did more for this country in Iraq, than that lady will do her life at the restaurant, Your welcome lady !!!! I think she could of been a little more appreciative.
3	hmmmmmm......I had a cheese omelet with hash browns, boring I know.  They do have a fairly good sized menu with alot of variety.  That is nice.  I really enjoyed my food.   My omelet was hot and fluffy and I really liked the way the hash browns were  shredded.    Location is fairly close to the strip and not so pricy so that is nice.   Do I have to go back?????  It doesn't stand out to me as an I have to go back place.   Service was friendly, quick, portion size was big.   Decor is terrible and could really use some updating.   It's just A-OK in my book, you won't be disappointed but you won't be overly thrilled either.
1	I used to love going to this place for breakfast until I saw a cocker roach walking across the floor! The food is delicious but where there is one roach there are many more! Not worth the risk!
5	Great place to go just slightly off strip. They make all of their stuff there so it has home cookin homeade fantasticness. Their prices are ao much more reasonable than restaurants on the strip. They have daily dinner specials that come with sohp or salad and dessert. By the way...the split pea soup is AMAZING and the homemade cheesecake is so super yummy!  Sure Vegas haz glitzzy places to eat but that will certainly break your bank. If you have a car with you in Vegas it is worth your time to go here to save some money and get some mighty tasty food. We even went back for breakfast and the crepes were perfect. If you are in Vegas with your kids this is a definate must. They actually have a kids menu when many strip restaurants do not. They even have. 99 cent kids meals before 6 pm during the week. So worth it when with kids. Eating on strip with your kids is a money killer. This is my new eat in joint while in Vegas!
5	Love the friendly service and food is always top notch.  I'm a big fan of breakfast anytime of day, and Blueberry Hill's got it going on.
4	As any Vegas local will know and that this place has really great food. There is one bizarre policy however, and that is you can not make 'to go' orders for your children. My wife and I came into place an order to go and was informed that they DO NOT allow to go orders from the children's menu. I have eaten at restaurants all over the country and found this policy to be very strange. So, a family wants to come here and order food to go, but the kids have to eat adult plates? Also, you must give your credit number, expiration date, name, and zip code. Other than that, the food is always great.
4	Great service great food...only bad thing is the sausage....didn't really like it but hey I'm a farmer John sausage man anyway lol
2	Great food but not worth the horrible service. Food is an 8 but service is a real zero.  First we were kept waiting 15 minutes after getting to the front of the line because the  needlessly overwhelmed older latin employee wanted to wait for a bigger table for our party of 7.  Instead of putting us in 2 tables of 4 as we had asked for he ignored me and continued to make us wait while he sat 5 more tables of 4 that should have been for us. The larger table was only for 6 so we had to pull up a chair and were so horribly cramped there wasn't room for the food.  After giving up we had to ask for coffee, had no setups from our younger hispanic waitress who seemed like it was her 1st day ever. Our service took forever and we had to actually flag down our waitress if we needed anything because she never asked us. When I tried to wash my hands there was no soap or towels but no one seemed to care when I told them. My days of recommending and raving about the food are over. The rude and most horrible service ever just not worth it.
2	This location is notoriously slow but the food is good, so as long as you're not in a rush you will be okay. The waitresses are not the most pleasant people, it's a diner so they want you in and out and don't even try to sit and wait for your party to arrive they either won't let you sit or they will hound you. I ordered coffee and waited for 20 minutes for my friend. I planned to order a full breakfast but the waitress was so rude I left, my friend pulled up with 2 more friends and we all left. They just lost a party of 4 because she was so busy ( lots of empty tables by the way)
4	Great breakfast for great prices! The french toast was awesome, light, fluffy and a perfect fit for the strawberries. Yummy! We will come back.
1	Ended up going to this spot around 9pm so it was pretty slow. Ordered the Bonanza and I was very disappointed because the ham was extremely dry. I couldn't finish the whole  piece. As I was at the register the cashier was gossiping about someone, as I stood there waiting and waiting as she talked to 2 other workers. They made racial comments and I was very turned off! I'm not sure if I would eat here again. Bad customer service and the food wasn't up to par.
5	A fantastic 24 Hour restaurant that has everything.  I love their make-your-own omlettes. Spinach, mushroom, and tomato is my favorite.   Their Mexican food is better than most Mexican restaurants and their deserts are dangerous at 3am!
4	This was my first visit to this location and I can see why it is a favorite with Vegas locals for breakfast.  The place was packed and the smells of the food being cooked was terrific.  Definitely a mouth watering experience while waiting to be seated. The server was very friendly and kept our glasses filled with our drinks.  I ordered biscuits and gravy with a side of bacon.  The biscuits were two of the biggest biscuits that I have seen (at home or at a restaurant), yet they were light, fluffy and very tasty.  In the end, I couldn't both of them, they were so big.  As a personal preference, I do wish the gravy was a little thicker, but that didn't detract from the taste at all.  The bacon was cooked just right, a little crispy but still juicy and not over cooked at all. Everyone at the table agreed that their meals were very good, no complaints about the food. The seats could have been a little more comfortable and the bathrooms needed more attention, but that shouldn't dissuade anyone from enjoying a very good meal at Blueberry Hill. I'll come back for more on my next trip to Vegas.
5	I don't write reviews very often, and I try to limit my hyperbole...but when I say these are the BEST pancakes I've ever had, I need you to feel me. I could smell how delicious these pancakes would be before I took the first bite! I had Tennessee fried steak and eggs and substituted reg pancakes for cinnamon swirl pancakes. I will be back as soon as I can afford a plane ticket back to Vegas please believe that!
3	Good generic diner food.  Biscuits and gravy were tasty for the first few bites but then became heavy and the flavor overpowering.Pancakes were good, as well as the eggs.  Would eat again if drunk late at night.
5	This place was way better than I thought. I like the large menu and variety. This is good place to go after the clubbing on the strip. My friend got the chicken and waffles and I got the club sandwich. Both were excellent!
4	Would give it 3 stars food was just ok and service was slow and server didn't even come visit us once after we got our food. Only thing that is saving them was that blueberry pancakes are to die for and syrup came warm.
5	Let's start with some observations... The fire department folks eat here (good sign). Two busy windows for hot food slamming out of the kitchen (another good sign). A not too long line of people waiting for a table (a great sign as far as I am concerned). Soooo... I grabbed a seat at the counter right away. A few dirty dishes still present, but no prob. My server cleared them away at the same time as asking my beverage order. All good. I ordered bacon and eggs with some pancakes on the side. Eggs scrambled just right (NOT whipped all yellow) and bacon. Bacon was a bit thin, but all and all good. The pancakes you ask? GET THE PANCAKES! Fluffy battery buttery syrupy goodness! Service was nice and smiley with promptness thrown in. To heck with all the kitschyness and long line at the Peppermill, (especially on a weekend!) I am coming here instead!Oh... Next trip here, I will be trying one of the three layer cakes I was staring at. Hmmm... Maybe later today!
4	This is a bustling place fast friendly service very good food good price. We both had the huevos rancherous which was excellent. We asked for spicy and they sent out the home made hot sauce! Wow fab. It is served with homemade retried beans and a roasted jalipeno. The rest of the menu looks equally good with pancakes, skillets, etc... Will come back next we are in town.
2	It's blueberry hill I guess it should be expected. Not the best food. But doesn't even meet up to fast food standards :/ I had spaghetti it was bland. My parents had a crusted chicken Parmesan and that was decent. Definitely scratching blueberry hill off the list of places to come back for breakfast lunch or dinner.
3	The food is average but the customer service was excellent. Our waiter was very attentive and everything came out in the proper order. She always had a smile and was genuinely nice which is a rarity in Vegas. I ordered the French Toast and my mum got the Bonanza special. My French Toast was average, I wouldn't get it again. The special was average as well. I especially liked the hash browns and would come back for these alone. They tasted like they were cooked in butter and were nicely seasoned. Average food, average price, amazing potatoes.
3	classic family restaurant and I like it, but not enough to munch here all the time unless I've had a few drinks! AMBIANCE: 3 - sometimes packed, sometimes not. Full of older people that have a passion for coffee and broke college kids that come here before class! it's clean, but it's not like it's nice inside, it's basically a diner. SERVICE: 3 - Service is slow slow slow! food wait time is average, but they keep you buzzed on coffee to forget that! FOOD: 4 - pretty good for being so cheap! if you order the savory foods, it's definitely better than eating at ihop! some of the pancakes are just way too sweet, but holy cow, they are HUGE!
3	Came in for the pancakes. Not disappointed. Three fluffy buttermilk pancakes that would melt in your mouth. Syrup wasn't overly sweet so I can honestly say that if you want pancakes, this is the place. The eggs and bacon however I was not impressed. Eggs were just fried and put on a plate. Not garnished or any extra seasoning at all. The bacon I did not like at all. Too greasy for my taste.  The service was great. Wait staff was friendly and attentive
4	In order to beat the traffic and get back to Las Vegas in time to celebrate New Year's Eve, we drove all night beginning at 11:00 p.m. on December 30th from Qualcomm Stadium in San Diego after attending the Holiday Bowl football game.  Including a stop in Redlands to load our car with clothes and other essentials, it was 5:50 a.m. as we arrived back in Vegas, and we were both uncharacteristically hungry for breakfast.  So, we diverted slightly off I-15 to this Blueberry Hill.Once inside, I ordered a Graveyard Special Bonanza Breakfast of 2 extra-large eggs prepared sunny side up, along with 2 strips of bacon, Hash Browns, and a homemade Blueberry Muffin.  The restaurant was accommodating, because Diane got her Hash Browns extra crispy, while mine arrived normal as ordered.  My eggs were prepared perfectly, because the yolks ran beautifully with just a nudge from one fork tine.  And, while Diane loved her Hot Chocolate with Whipped Cream but felt that her slices of bacon were too crisp, I thought my bacon strips were just fine and quite tasty as is.My homemade, just out of the oven Blueberry Muffin with butter slathered on it was so scary good that it was worth the price of the meal alone.  In order to stretch a good thing, I took half of the large muffin home, and it tasted almost as good after being subjected to the microwave the next day.
1	They allowed a dog inside while I was eating. Waitress was rude because she didn't really give us any attention,noticed her smiling at everyone else but our party (definitely didn't tip her) took her over 5 minutes to order some OJ after everyone else got coffee. And I don't like being handed the check while in still eating (what if I wanted something else, or wait until I'm almost done or even half way not right when I get my food) took over 45 minutes for two pancakes
5	REVIEW #1,000 - Blueberry Hill Family Restaurant deserves this spot!After an early morning phone message from our hotel trying to sell us spa services, we were out of bed and ready to get out of that casino once we were done at their gym. We stopped at Chase to get some cash, and only then realized it was getting late and we hadn't eaten yet. Blueberry was visible from the bank's location so we excitedly headed there. As we walked in, the hungry husband and myself were happy to see it wasn't packed, but wasn't empty either.I ordered two eggs, hashbrowns and sourdough, with a side of the hot house salsa and a roasted jalapeno. (I had seen one in the menu pictures and had to have it.) It didn't take long for the hot food to arrive and our waitress told me they'd roasted 2 jalapenos for me! Yumm. These were no ordinary jalapenos. I don't know how they found huge, gigantic jalapenos, but they were awesome. Really hot, too!  Everything on the plate was yummy. My hashbrowns were cooked crispy and the sourdough was decent (it's hard to judge sourdough outside of the Bay Area because we really have the best stuff there!) The salsa was so good too! I could only eat one of the oversized jalapenos but our nice waitress brought me some Saran Wrap so that I could take the other one with me. Service was great. Our server was attentive and friendly. I wish I knew her name, but the receipt only says "Server #8" 1/29/14 12:59 p.m.  People like her are the reason we enjoy going out to eat so often.  ($20.71 total for our breakfast.)
5	the food is always hot and the service is always friendly!!  we ate here every meal on our trip to vegas
5	My favorite place in Vegas to eat.
4	Im a breakfast type of guy and this place hit the spot. Service was great and the food was even better. The pancakes are big n fluffy so don't order too much unless you can handle it. I got the omelette which was delish and the OJ seemed to be freshly squeezed.
4	The best fresh squeezed orange juice I've had outside of Florida.  I also recommend the huge 4 egg Denver omelet or Chorizo omelet with egg whites.You can't go wrong with the hash browns or home fries either which were amazingly not greasy at all.  I didn't get the pancakes or waffles the days we went, but the other guys I was with raved about them.Somewhat dingy inside, but the prices are cheap for Vegas, and the service is good.
2	Arrived at 1200 am. Not too crowded. Self seating. Took 15 minutes to take our order and waiter forgot to bring drinks. The food took about 35 minutes to from time of ordering till it came to table. The food itself was average. I would not come back based on the wait times. The waiter was polite through the entire service though.
5	Most amazing breakfast restaurant I have ever had!!!
1	It's not Dennys so it automatically gets one star. There were no specials posted so I figured waffle combo and orange juice would be safe. The eggs were runny instead of scrambled, the sausage had a really weird texture and there was way too much butter on my waffle. The orange juice was average. They don't have Wi-Fi which kind of sucks. Got the bill the food was magically $2 more than the menu price. I should have got a mcmuffin and saved my $15.
5	This place was Delish! Our whole party enjoyed the various dishes we ordered. Everything tasted really fresh and our waitress was a sweetheart. The prices were great especially after dining at Overpriced Vegas eateries. Id definitely come back here again when I'mIn town!
4	Great if you dont care about your figure Irish eggs Benedict awesome. Mom going with with grilled cheese and tomato boring.
4	We love Blueberry and have been going there for years.  It's a must when in Vegas.  Our faves are the cinnamon swirl pancakes, potato pancakes and the ham/cheese omelet.  Service is usually good although this last time we ordered our omelet with american and got cheddar.  We shoulda sent it back but didn't- had to return to get it right :)
5	Best breakfast I've had in a long while.  Their french Toast was really tasty and delicious omelets. My friend had the hot Chocolate and even came with Whipped cream and a fresh Chocolate Chip cookie!
3	Good food and huge portion.  One of the family restaurants.  Nothing special other than the portion.
5	Awesome food, very clean, HUGE menu, and decent prices.The family had a variety - spaghetti, pancakes, crepes, and french toast.  Everything was great.  I'll visit here next time I'm in Vegas, especially when looking for a quality breakfast.
3	Tried Blueberry Hill Sunday morning in Las Vegas. The outside was not that appealing compared to the flashy look of the strip only a few blocks away, it looked very country oakie. Inside, the staff was nice, the restroom needed a little tlc, and the booths were comfy (though I'm short and my feet barely touched the floor).As a group of 6, they sat us quickly, and the food came out decently quick. Everyone loved their food. Perfect for a hangover, or a desire for a home country meal. I got the biscuits and gravy, just 1 was a lot; and bacon. The biscuit was 3 something and the bacon side was over $4 (read wtf?) They need to work on their pricing. One girl got 2 biscuits,  sausage, 2 eggs, and cheese sticks.  Her bill was $24. Everything was individually charged; and the way it was set up on the menu, confusing.  For everyone else, it was a good experience.
1	I've eaten here before and was satisfied. The food was great. So when my family was in town I suggested we go back. As we were waiting on our food to come out I noticed a big ROACH crawling in our booth towards my sister. GROSS my kids were terrified. As we were leaving I told the waitress to cancel our order because we won't be eating in an establishment that has roaches. She said "I'm sorry. We just sprayed" I'm no bug expert but that means there's an infestation if they are coming out to dine with us.
4	Great breakfast!!! Food was great.  Service was very friendly. I had the ham and cheese omelette, which was great.  Customized it with no hassles at all. My wife had the fresh fruit crepes.  Her only issue was the apples being too crisp.  Would have been five, but it was to cold for my wife without a sweatshirt.  We would definitely go again though!
5	Ordered the French toast combo #1 and it waa excellent.   Exactly what I wanted. Everything was perfect and fresh.
4	Great little diner with good breakfast. Pancakes were off the hook and took up the whole plate. Coffee cups were huge and toast was as thick as french toast. Overall very good spot that is mostly filled with locals. Only reason I gave 4 stars is because the booths are a little snug.
2	Typical diner food. Not bad not good. Egg and I is a much better breakfast place. I had classic eggs Benedict and hash browns. Nothing really blew our socks off. Husband had turkey and dressing. Little on the dry side. Gravy was bland.
5	Been eating here for 5 years.  Breakfast and lunch are to kill for. Dinner is so-so,soup has too much salt, and my ankles and hands puff up the next day. The French toast is the bomb....only order the 4 slices. ..portion is very large,and best I've ever eaten world wide. They serve more pancakes than french toast. The selection of eggs Benedict is large,at least 4 different selections. Irish eggs Benedict is corned beef hash ...one of my favorites, German eggs Benedict is potato pancakes on English muffin and topped with the poached eggs and hollandaise sauce. 5 stars*****. Cakes and pie and made all day and night long. Always fresh.  Death by dessert  without a doubt. Service is super except Saturday and Sunday mornings between 11-2. Seems like all the church goers head right there. Very similar to New York diners. Been to all 3 locations, this one is a little better.
5	BEST FRENCH TOAST EVER!  I've done a lot of traveling,  eaten at a lot of restaurants,  this is by far the best french toast ever!
4	Found this little gem while yelping for waffles and pancake with my girliesI will visit this location EVERY vegas trip now!I'm from Los Angeles btw!Ordered:-Cinammon Twist pancakes (2 days in a row)- HIGHLY RECOMMEND, pretty sweet though-Wheat pancakes with bananas, chocolate chips and whip cream on the side-DELISH-Chili Chese Fries. Not what I expected, there were pinto beans in the chili. I wouldn't order it again- Nachos. It's decent, I've had better-Chicken and waffles. Go to Roscoe's insteadThe menu is amazing! Pictures EVERYWHERE which i adore. I can't wait to try something else the next time I'm in LV!
5	By far the best French toast I have found in the Vegas area. The staff is always nice, the place is always packed but I've never had to wait more than 2 minutes to sit.
5	Blueberry Hill is so delicious. We are from California and visit Vegas a couple of times a year. We always stop by Blueberry Hill every time before leaving. I had the waffles, and they were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. My husband had biscuit and gravy and the breakfast pork chops. He thoroughly enjoyed his meal. It was such a treat.
4	Definitely an oasis in the desert. Their menu is incredibly extensive with two to three pages of just breakfast alone. Their daily specials are plentiful and delicious looking. Ate here about five years ago and then again this trip. Still as tasty as I remembered. My wife had the Parmesan crusted chicken, I had the meatloaf sandwich, and our friend had the Mexican combination plate. All looked and tasted fantastic. We had a slice of fresh strawberry cake and it was meh. Not bad but just blah. Pretty much the only thing that kept me from reviewing this five stars.
4	Service was a bit slow today and they ran out of the French vanilla creamer,  But my French Toast was right on.  The food is still worth the wait here.
4	It's nice to eat a big breakfast away from the casino and not have to pay through the nose for it!  I go here at least once every Vegas trip.  Glad to have found this place!
4	We found this little gem after fleeing the Strip in search of cheaper, less crowded, Yum-Ness... The chicken fried chicken was sublime. SUBLIME. The pancakes were from a fluffy pancake heaven...the chiliquiles was ubber tasty (minus the meh rice)... (please don't ask me about the odd grossness of the "Asian" chicken salad my one crazy child ordered on a whim...cooked mushrooms & wilted lettuce floating in dressing... Ew.) Breakfast seems the way to go here. The service was awesome and friendly! Would most def go here again for scrumptious breakfast eats!
4	Food was delicious! ESPECIALLY the pancakes. The only thing preventing a 5 star rating is the dirty bathroom, which is something that happens when you stay open all the time. But it wasn't a big deal.  The waitress/hostess was very nice and gave us a free slice of cake. She also helped us tweak our orders to get the most amount for the least price while still getting exactly what we wanted. Very excellent for late night or early morning food. Apparently they are also big into coffee. I saw they had won an award for being a good coffee shop. Anyway, good place; I recommend it.
5	The best chicken and waffles I've ever had.  Puts Roscoe's to shame!
4	A comfortable nice family diner. It's far from an upscale place or anything (they could use some renovation). I recommend coming here to enjoy a 24 hour breakfast (they are open 24/7) and breakfast is what they do best. The portions are large and the price is reasonable. Best way I can describe this place is like an better version of an IHOP. Service is friendly and they never seem to be overly crowded. I think there are a few locations of this family owned restaurant. This location is right by UNLV and the Flamingo Library. The neighborhood is kinda sketchy so just be careful.
5	Chicken fried chicken, scramble eggs, and apple pancakes was really good. Service is a little slow but overall good experience. The hype is real about the breakfast and pancakes here! Big portions as well.
2	One waitress for the whole restaurant.  I get it that they want to make tips, and the more servers the less each one makes.  But as a guest I don't care.  I want my order taken quickly and my water glass at least half full at all times.
5	It was our first time and it was delicious , I can't even explain the taste was so fresh and waitress was very nice. We had pancakes and French toast the best we have ever had!!!
1	I have to say that I wasn't impressed at all. It started as soon as we sat at the table. The saucer for my coffee cup had caked on food with a long hair attached to it. Since I don't drink coffee I moved it to the end of the table so it could be removed. When our server came to the table it was straight business. No greeting or pleasantries. That's fine. I get it, you're busy. I ordered an appetizer of spicy wings. I clarified I didn't want Buffalo wings. Guess what I got? Not to mention it was 20 mins later. Our meals came 10 minutes after that. The food left a lot to be desired. Did I mention that the coffee cup with the old food and hair on it was still on the table. Apparently our server didn't think much about it. Save yourself the aggravation and just keep driving by this place.
5	Perfect greasy spoon diner.  I agree with the review about the French Toast being so good that it doesn't need syrup.  The French Toast is absolutely amazing.  But, this should not discount the pancakes.  They are, without question, the best buttermilk pancakes that I have ever tasted.  On this, there can be no debate.  They absolutely melt in your mouth.  With them both on the table, it is completely impossible to stop eating.  I am glad that I don't live here as I would almost certainly have diabetes within a year if I knew that I could get pancakes this good any time I wanted.  If you like pancakes or French Toast, this is a must try for any trip to Vegas.
5	Gargantuan proportions, excellent service.Huge pancakes, great omelets. Really should be $$, 2 people added up to 27$ for 2 entrees and 1 coffee
5	The meal was delicious and the portions huge.  I had the chicken parmigiana - yum!!!!!
5	We came from Los Angeles CA,  and wanted to get away from las vegas strip, so we yelp this place well I'm glad we did. The portions are huge, the food was very good. The pancakes were fresh and very thick. Service was good. I recommend this place
5	I used to go here twice a month! I Remember why. Not a fancy place, it's a diner. The food is big portion and big on taste! I'd recommend this place for sure.
3	It was exactly what I rated it A-OK. Nothing fabulous. Nothing too bad. Just A-OK. Would I come back again? Not sure.Positive: Tons of food choices on a huge menuNegative: Service was super slow and not attentive
5	This is our favorite breakfast spot in Vegas, whenever we have guests in town we will bring them here and they always end up loving it. The only thing that frustrates about this place is the menu, it is so jam packed with options that it makes it hard to find out what you want!!!
4	OH MY WORD! I really think I could marry their pancakes and live a happy, fulfilled life. In all seriousness, their buttermilk pancakes are absolutely amazing. They are big, fluffy, and full of flavor. I ordered the Country Breakfast with a side of hash browns and I had more than enough food. Although I have only been here for breakfast, they are open 24hours a day. Their dinner items do not look too appetizing so I think I will stick to visiting only for breakfast.Blueberry Hill is located off the strip, is very inexpensive and has it's own parking lot. It isn't a fancy restaurant but the food definitely makes it's exterior appearance irrelevant.
4	Went here for breakfast (duh) on Sat the 23rd of August, and yeah liked it a lot. Bring your appetite, and don't order too much food, because the portion sizes are no joke, they don't mess around , they are for realz at the BbHFR. I customized the hell out of my order, which was met with open ears and a ready pen. The food was yummy, the coffee was strong and the service was delightful. Ordered - Chocolate Chip pancakes, next time will order just one. Also had the coconut honey chicken tender things, without the waffle, and enjoyed that. Had a side of bacon (I'm beginning to feel insecure about the amount of food I ate) and some toast...(cuz yeah I needed the carbs, not really). I bet the prices are good here, I don't know really because I don't understand money all that well. I just charge things to my card and then Obama pays my card off. So yeah, you'll have to decide for yourself on that one. The location is conveniently close to the strip and the dwelling of this girl I like. Double convenience for me! Yay. Ok I'm done typing now. I think I can type faster on my iPhone than my laptop. Done.
5	OMG OMG this was my first time here and I'm still trying to stop eating! This is the best breakfast food if give it 6 stats of I could! Our waitress was Nancy and she was wonderful, it's Sunday morning and super busy and my biggest complaint was that my stomach wasn't big enough. I can't wait to come back.
3	Sadly, the only thing that was tasty were the things that were NOT homemade. The hash browns were slices of mushy potato and not seasoned right. The gravy is easy to make and very basic but tasted OK, as it should, though, nothing special. I ordered over medium eggs and they were over hard. I'm very particular about this having been a breakfast cook for many years. The chicken fried steak I could almost guarantee was frozen and not fresh but not because of the flavor. It tasted good but just a guess from other hints. Didn't matter about that but was just disappointed that all of the homemade things were not standing out like they seemed so proud of. If it weren't for the nicely cooked frozen fried steak, my rating would be lower. So, if they didn't try bragging that it's all homemade, I probably would've never known and possibly given higher. Server needs to season with less sugar, if you know what I mean. Almost like she was expecting a review. I kind of expect a cranky server because that's how they are on the east coast so it actually lost its 'diner' feel.
5	Wow that's what I call breakfast! Amazing food  and our server raven was very helpful.  I had the chicken fried steak and eggs with the buttermilk pancakes. The first time I can remember not being able to eat everything and believe me I wanted to!  Everything was outstanding good portions and great taste. I would recommend it to everyone who comes to Vegas.
4	Good food at a decent price.  Yes prices are higher in Vegas than the Midwest where I am from, but that is to be expected.  Service is usually quick and generous servings.  Menu is large and varied and breakfast is served all day long.
3	My buddy from Vegas loves this place.....I have to say it is decent food.....what we like the most is the variety and options you have when ordering....they probably have 200+ plus items or variations of things you can order....Today my lady got the Irish Benedict and I had the chicken fried steak.....I will be back for an update....Service is solid, friendly and nice....gave us time but checked back to see how we were doing.....always a mist stop for breakfast in Vegas.... =)
5	There's few things that I love about food more than a breakfast done right...! With an excellent staff that gets you in a great mood and food that leaves your tastes buds more than satisfied,  you can't go wrong with Blueberry Hill! This is my second time here and still haven't been disappointed, if anything my visit this time was better than the last. Today we tried the "Chicken and Waffles" and "Chocolate OREO Pancakes"! Both of which were nothing short of delicious. Each has their own unique taste that keeps you wanting "one more bite" as long as you find yourself able to stomach the great portions that they give you, it shouldn't be a problem at all. If you like chocolate and you like pancakes for breakfast the chocolate OREO pancakes are definitely the way to go! The OREO cookies and bits are cooked right into the pancake and topped off with a sauce that is what I beleive to be OREO cream itself! (if I am wrong please don't tell me) and last but not least the chicken and waffles! This dish blended the sweetness of a dessert and hardiness of a breakfast meal. It caught me off guard with flavors that you would think to be very conflicting ones, turning it Into an epic combination of fulfillment and delight! I'd love to go on even more but that's all for today, I will definitely be back to try more of the food they have to offer! It is well worth the visit!!!!!!!!!!
3	Average to good diner. Nothing more.Pancakes are good, bacon unfortunately tasteless. They have good dinner deals but a overwhelming menu. Not the best sign.Coffee far better than most diners but tends to be pricier. Maybe quite OK for LV
4	Just like Dennys but with way better food! Open 24hrs so when we're drunk and cant drive anywhere late at night and finally make it back to our resort, we take a quick walk around the corner to this place for some good old fashioned American food. Everything we ordered was delicious and cooked right. Good customer service and clean restaurant. One of my favorites in Vegas for late night food. Their new Orange Roughie Fish sandwich is very good! Try it! They always give large serves so it will fill you up.
5	Went for breakfast there on our last day in Vegas.  I am disappointed that I did not go here sooner so I could have went back again!  We each had chicken and waffles.  I got a specialty flavor, coconut chicken! It was outstanding.  The hashbrowns didn't do it for me at all.The pancake was hugely overpriced but delicious so I am glad we split one between us.
4	This is s great place for a late/early meal. I come here after work. (I get off at 4am). And the entire menu is available. From breakfast, to lunch, to dinner. Coffee is good, and the food. Can't go wrong with the service in here. Everyone is super nice, and friendly. I would recommend this to anyone for some good food in the AM
4	So I'm letting you in on a secret..  It's a place that just has the yummiest food..  They have the best biscuits n gravy I have ever had!!  Hands down!!  You have to try them!!  Delish!!!  When you're in Vegas the next time and you're looking for great grub, look no further than Blueberry Hill..  This place is really good!!  And it's open 24 hrs for your food pleasure..  Lol. I would give it five stars if it were in a nicer area and had a better inside decor. But, it's so worth it!!  Give it a try when your in Vegas the next time.  Also, try their corned beef hash!!  It's really tasty!!  You've been enlightened Yelpers!!  Don't miss out on this hidden gem, it's simply DELICIOUS!!!!!!!
5	Best breakfast ever! Chocolate chip pancakes are the best I've ever had, and I've had many! Always a stop when we go to Vegas!
1	Service was mediocre at best. Only had 4 water glasses delivered to table for a 6-top. Had to ask 3 times for extra water, still didn't get delivered. Had to get up to get my own water. After I received my water, the glass had residue from coca cola still stuck to the inside of the glass. Appetizers came out with the food instead of before. Breakfast Bacon was floppy, extremely undercooked. When I sent it back to the kitchen less than a minute later the bacon came out again, more cooked however unless they had 3 identical pieces of bacon already cooking in the kitchen, they just threw the bacon in the microwave to cook more, or they have bacon sitting under a heat lamp. My table ordered a grilled cheese with bacon. Got back a single piece of melted cheese with a pile of undercooked bacon shoved between two slices of bread. Ordered French toast. The toast was sogged all the way through with batter and completely undercooked. Some of the food was OK, nothing spectacular. To say the least, this restaurant doesn't deserve the title of best coffee house/diner from the Las Vegas Review Journal.
5	Great comfort food, reasonably priced with amazing service! What more could you want?
5	Fresh hot coffee, warm & friendly staff, delicious home-style food, Blueberry Hill has always been like a home for me. From the outside it doesn't look like a huge, 5 star chain restaurant, but it's even better than IHOP or Denny's hands down. I had an amazing chicken waffle breakfast and it was an incredibly delicious and filling meal! The staff was very attentive and very efficient. It's a great place to enjoy a meal with relatives, for breakfast early in the AM or after a long shift at work. The ambience allows you to relax and settle down after a busy day. I love coming to Blueberry Hill and highly recommend it over any other chain restaurants of similar variety.
4	Very extensive menu and I'm not sure how they keep it up. It was hard to decide what to have for breakfast. I ended up having the chefs special which was one piece of French toast two eggs and two pieces of crisp bacon. It was wonderful! My husband had the Mexican breakfast and it was also really good. His portion was absolutely huge. This is a family style diner. It was very good and the service was great!
4	I'd heard about Blueberry Hill many times in the past, but just never had an occasion to go. However, it seemed to fit the bill as our last big meal before the half-marathon on Sunday.As everyone has mentioned, the menu is huge, as are the portions. I had the blueberry pancake special, which had two big pancakes, eggs, hash browns and sausage, while my mom had the strawberry crepes, eggs, and ham.  Everything was served hot and fresh. My pancakes were thick and dense, but I REALLY loved my mom's crepes! I will definitely have to try them next time I visit. I didn't love the ham (it was really salty), but everything else was good.It was definitely old-school and a little dated, but everything appeared clean and the service was friendly. We had leftovers, too!
4	Friendly staff, good coffee. Sausage was greasy though. Men's restroom was clean bit graffiti was scratched into mirror. Waitress was friendly, service was quick, I got my plate in about 10 minutes of ordering.  Overall, I would definitely recommend.
4	Great place to go for breakfast near the strip. Try the little boy blue special if you want yummy blueberry pancakes. Service is above decent. Not the best but not bad at all.
5	My first time here was 4 years ago on a visit to Las Vegas. Unfortunately I discovered this little piece of breakfast heaven on our last day there. This time, on my week long visit to Vegas again, I made it a point to eat here almost every morning! This is the only place where I've ever overdosed on pancakes! Sometimes I wish there were a Blueberry Hill near my home here in NJ. But at the same time I'm glad there isn't one, or I'd weigh about 500 lbs. Everything here was excellent! This has now become my new MUST go-to, when in the Vegas area.
5	The wait was about 15 minutes for a early morning Saturday. Which isn't bad for a good restaurant with inexpensive prices. Staff is sweet and close to our hotel Vdara. I'm happy I came here and doesn't only 12 bucks for my meal.  At Vdara  I would have spent 28 bucks! Will come back next time we are in vegas!
4	The food was awesome... the French toast and banana pancakes were some of the best I ever tasted. the service was good. It only got a minus star because the water tastes funky(like funky even to a girl that use to drink from the water hose on a nice sunny day) and the bathroom needs up keep. I would still come back again
3	This is nice family restaurant and there is a bit of everything on the menu. I have never had a bad meal here. I have never had a problem with the service before but tonight, the appetizers were delivered after the entre and the ate were delivered about 15 minutes apart. This has me somewhat unhappy. The food is good enough I will return.
3	My last encounter here was not so good.  A bowl of Chili with onions, tomato, celery, and Pinto Beans tasted like it came out of a can.  Biscuits were more like bread.  Hash Browns were greasy and not crisp as requested.  Bacon was hard rather than supple.  An order of Coffee was forgotten by our waitress.  And the men's bathroom was dirty.But our server was pleasant and my Tuna Salad Sandwich on Sourdough Bread was moist and good.One star was lost on this night!  Hopefully food and service will bounce back like they have before.
5	This is a great place!  We spend time in Vegas, and were on vacation recently, and stopped there for a late night meal.  Awesome service.  Clean restaurant and good hot food.  We'll be back.
4	Always a good spot to hit on the way home from a night of clubbing.  Service is always quick and with a smile.
5	Relatives in town... Needed a place to break bread off the stripe.  What a great choice. A great variety on the menu for everyone. I had the Chicken Enchiladas, yummy choice - just spiced enough. The gals had breakfast. One order was biscuits and gravy - the biscuits were HUGE. Now if there was a location closer to Henderson.
