3	El Segundo Sol is a new Mexican restaurant that just opened up this week at the Fashion Show Mall (it's located in the old cafe babareeba location).  I visited the restaurant on Friday night and left pretty pleased.  Notwithstanding the "new opening" hiccups that our party experienced, I recommend that you check this place out!Minus one star for not providing chips and salsa (you can purchase it for around 3 dollars but the salsas are nothing to write home about...they're all pretty bland).  However, if you're with a group, try the queso dip, it is amazing!!  It comes with small, in-house made corn tortillas.  So yum!The drink selection is great.  I had a tableside margarita on the rocks and I was able to select my choice of tequila.  The server also had no problems customizing margarita orders.  And they offer a great and long selection of beers on tap.On to the food!  I ordered the tacos al pastor and they were delicious!  The shredded pork arrived in a little covered black pot alongside rice, black beans and guacamole/sour cream.  And it was served with more of the homemade corn tortillas.  So, it became a make your own tacos platter.  I highly recommend ordering the al pastor.  A friend ordered the chicken enchiladas and they were wonderful!  I didn't try the carne asada entree but it arrived on an enormous plate and looked fantastic.  One side note: the rice is a little odd for a Mexican restaurant...it had an aroma almost like jasmine rice and it was very sticky like short grain rice.  It tasted alright, it just took some getting used to.Minus one more star for the prices.  They're pretty steep compared to other Mexican restaurants I've frequented, but then again, the restaurant's located on the strip so it's understandable.  The decor is great, especially if you sit outside under the trees (strung with twinkle lights!).  If you're craving Mexican, try this place out.
3	the food was decent
4	Very good food and portion size for the $. Menu's a lil small and they don't offer complementry chips for some reason, but otherwise a nice place. Atmosphere is nice and the inside/outside layout is great for Strip side dining.
4	Recently had a late lunch at El Segundo Sol. Being a native Californian now living in NY, I was impressed with the freshness and the flavors of  everything I tried. From the chips with three salsa's (I'm still craving the delicious green salsa) to the awesome Baja fish tacos and the super fresh ceviche ( the market fish of the day was a yummy Tuna), Also enjoyed a bright pink Prickly Pear Margarita which was worth the teasing from my lunch mate.  Definitely coming back on my next trip.
3	We had drinks and snacks at El Segundo Sol because Cafe Ba Ba Reeba in the same location had gone out of business when we arrived.  I'll miss Cafe Ba Ba Reeba's Cava Sangria and awesome tapas, but the new restaurant continues to offer tasty white and red sangria and friend peppers (my favorite tapa at Cafe BR).  We ordered table side guacamole which isn't really prepared table side.  The guacamole girl (that is how she identified herself) said there were too many tables in the way to push her preparation cart over to our table.  Her guacamole cart never moved and I'm pretty sure no guacamole is ever prepared table side.  They should rename it "20 feet away guacamole".  The drinks, chips and salsa were all good.  We didn't try the Mexican food, but I'm sure it's as good as typical Mexican food.  The service was great and our waitress was very competent.  I really liked the Caipirinha, which is the national drink of Brazil.  This place is no Cafe Ba Ba Reeba, but I might go back for more drinks and fried peppers.
5	Excellent  Carne Asada tacos and table side guacamole. The complex flavors and hand made tortillas make for a great meal. Try the habanero salsa.
3	Matt C. and I went here on Saturday night, and to be honest, I was a little taken aback by the prices and some other things. Now now, before you get your panties in a bundle, I do realize it is the strip so of course things are going to be more expensive. I just cannot understand why 4 small corn tortillas, a sliced grilled chicken breast, black beans, and cilantro rice was $15. I also can't understand why their 14 oz margaritas range from $12-14. You can go anywhere on the strip and pay $10 more for a yard, and I know that because I used to work at a Mexican restaurant on the strip that sold yards of margaritas.  Basically El Segundo Sol took the place of Cafe Ba Ba Reeba. The remodel kept a lot of the elements of Ba Ba Reeba such as the wood panels, the entire bar, and various other things. What I could not understand is why they had posters and magazines decoupaged on the yellow walls of matadors from famous posters of bullfighters in Spain. Is this Mexican or Spanish with all of the leftover Ba Ba Reeba decor and the obviously off cultural elements? Spanish culture and Mexican culture, two different things. I'm digressing from the actual experience so let's get to that. So we walk into a packed restaurant on a Saturday night. Luckily there was no wait time for the two of us, and we got sat right away. It took us a couple minutes to get greeted by an attractive waitress wearing a black guayabera unbuttoned enough so we could see her lacy black bra (hey if you got it, then get it giiiiiirl). Service was friendly but the timing was off.  It took longer than what it should of to bring our Prickly Pear Margarita and Organic Margarita to the the table. I ordered the chicken tacos since Matt already ate and in that time frame (15-20 minutes) the table in front of ours got sat, ordered food, received their food and was 5 minutes into enjoying their food before I even got my plate of tacos. I was about to ask where my comida was when the food runner brought it out. I know it was busy, I work in restaurants but it shouldn't of taken 20 minutes to bring a plate of tacos to the table. The chicken was tender and the rice and beans were good. The plate was served in a DIY style with everything laid out for you and some corn tortillas in a tin cup. No complaints on that, but it should of been around $11 not $15. We got done, saw a runner carrying flan, thought YUM and decided to split it. We got talked into ordering the tres leches cheesecake instead, which was okay. It was COVERED in cinnamon. It could of been sifted onto the dessert without using a quarter of a jar of cinnamon. Honestly, it tasted like bread pudding and  looked sort of like bread pudding. It was a circular mushy cake emulsified in a syrup and covered in cinnamon. We got a $9 discount because of Matt and the grand total came out to $38. It was $47. The price points were as such: 14 oz Pickly Pear margarita $12 14 oz organic margarita $13, chicken tacos $15, and tres leches $5. In conclusion, the service was friendly, the ambiance was nice (albeit completely not authentic), but the prices and the timing need work. If the price points were brought down 1-2 dollars it would be more accessible to locals and more on par with what the place is, which is an Americanized Mexican fusion restaurant on the strip.
3	I want to first say that this is a Mexican restaurant with Las Vegas Strip prices, now once you've rationalized that you can sit down and enjoy a nice dinner.  I must say I did like the upscale Mexican cantina decor and there was plenty to see and great music.  I went here for dinner with a friend and we both agreed it would make a nice date spot or even pre-dinner place before partying on the strip.  I loved the chips which were freshly baked corn tortillas with an excellent sampling of salsas.  I ordered Ceviche as an appetizer which is completely unnecessary since you probably will fill up on all the addictive chips.  I had to ask for them to placed out of arms reach to avoid devouring too many. For my entree I had the tequila salmon  which came with jasmine rich that was both sticky and sweet.  The salmon was filling and tasty but not overly flavorful as what I suspected since it came out on a "hot plate".The service and attention provided by the staff is certainly top notch and it ended up being a fun and enjoyable dinner.  If you're looking for something different and not too pricey on the strip this is a great place.
2	As a local, I should be mindful of the other reviews...but I was in a "people watching" mood and knew this was a great location.True, the prices are a bit more than what we locals would normally pay for food of this portion.  Food quality was great, especially assemble-yourself fish tacos, and the sangria's made the evening even more enjoyable....but the "ding" I have to give is on their service.Nothing more can ruin a great experience if the service is horrible.  My memorable evening began the moment we sat down...the water server immediately came and poured water, but it was nearly 10 minutes before a server appeared and took our order.  Having to wait that long, we thought it was wise to order appetizers and dinner....with the words to the waiter "please do not bring the main course until  we've finished our chips and guacamole." Sure enough, appetizers came (guac but no chips until after we said something) and the moment we put a chip in our mouths....here comes a server with our main course.I told the server to take it back as we just got our appetizers.  I then finally flagged down our waiter to let him know what happened, to which he replied, "I don't handle your table any more...they moved me..." and he walks away.  Incredible.  Great Customer Service, huh?!?Moments later a young female waitress stopped by and asked if there was a problem and why we sent the meal back.  I told her what we experienced and requested fresh food (not our previous dishes that probably went back under a heat lamp) be served after we've finished with our appetizers.Granted the floor manager stopped by to apologize and comped the guacamole, we just felt rushed.Also, be prepared to talk loud as the steady "thump, thump, thump" of their music system will drown out any normal conversation.Overall, the food and drinks were pricey but ok...just wish the hospitality factor was a little better.
2	A couple of ways to describe the latest Mexican restaurant on the strip. Overpriced, Just OK food, Crappy Service & not local friendly. To start of, I LOVE me a good Rita but $12+ just ain't happening. "That better be the best Rita in the world with a refill" My girl & I sat at the bar hoping to get faster service than at a table,(nope). The bartender clearly just wanted to talk to her other tender or go home. With prices like what they charge, your service better be top notch.FYI: You may be focusing on the tourist foot traffic crowd but if your locals don't like you..good luck trying to make it in a tough economy.
5	The happy hour here is awesome. 4 ritas, endless chips and salsa, and a yummy pepper thing for 17 bucks. Check it out.
1	Made a special trip From the opposite side of the strip.  A friend said he had a great meal here when he tried it weeks ago.  Walked in and made my way to the bar where 3 bartenders were working.  I ordered the cucumber mint margarita which was very good and seemed to have a salted rim with a hint of cumin.  I usually hate cumin but this accentuated the flavor of the cocktail.  I looked at the food menu while I waited for my little lady to arrive.  She ordered the red sangria which tasted really watered down.  We found the queso fundido & two different ceviches that peaked our interest.  One bartender left on break leaving the other two tenders to service the 8 people surrounding them.  The two bartenders couldn't find the time to take our order, or ask if we needed new cocktails for our empty glasses.  I would be more compassionate if the dining room was packed or the bar was a zoo.    Over 10 minutes passed while we treaded water with empty glasses and hungry bellies.  Cant judge the food if we dont get a chance to order but the service was horrible! I didn't feel I had to beg for ordering food and drinks so we left $ on the bar for the cocktails we had.  Who knows if it was enough to cover the tab because we didn't even get a check.  I texted the same friend on the way home telling him of our poor experience and to my surprise he has since had the same experience I noted above.  Sorry to say,  El Segundo sol won't be getting a Segundo chance!!
3	Very cool little space on the Las Vegas Blvd. side of Fashion Show Mall.  Indoor/Outdoor space with trees and patio lights make for a cute scene.The fresh, made to order guacamole was some of the best I have ever had and the chips were warm, crispy and salty..mmm.  I also had the chicken tacos which were good but not amazing.  The chicken was a bit charred and I didn't care for the burnt edges--but an overall good taste nonetheless.I had been on a four day bender and did not partake in the margaritas, but they sure looked good.  El Segundo would be a welcome respite from shopping or gambling, although it is on the far end of the strip.
5	Love love love this place. Same spot that Cafe Ba Ba Reeba, and same company. I was not the hugest fan of Reeba but was going to eat there for a change...and this was here instead. It was really nice, the food was excellent.The five stars I gave it  has nothing to do with service, which was great, or food, which was amazing, but I gave 5 starts for the awesome bottle of water they give you to share with the table and the awesome handblown loook of glasses that took everything inme not to steal it. The outdoor seating was very cute with a tree canopy with lights kinda romantic in a casual way, the sangria was waaay too good which also helps that romance, and the prices were reasonable for the service and awesomeness of the food. I mean, I wasn't paying anyway, but the very handsome man I was with didn't complain ha ha. As much as I normally hate the strip and avoid it for all reasons, I will side step my contempt for this place any day!!
4	Pretty decent happy hour with really good white sangria for $4 a glass and it's a pretty decent size. I would go here again just for that delicious little drink.We also had the pizza-sized quesadilla for $5 and endless chips for $3!!! Good stuff. Chips were fresh and salsa had aghood kick. Guac was pretty good, I have definitely had better, and it lacked salt. Yummilicious Factor = A-
4	We ate here twice during a three day stay at the Encore.  The food was very good, though a little expensive if you did not go at happy hour or have a gift certificate from restaurant.com.  If you go for happy hour make sure to get the sangria, which is a great deal at $15 a pitcher.  The fish tacos were excellent, and the chicken fajitas were even better.  The chips were only ok, and I only really liked one of the three salsas, but the atmosphere is very nice and the server we had was very attentive and friendly.
3	Good chips & salsa and the chicken taquitos were great. They come in a lettuce wrap style, but you don't have to eat them that way if you want.They would get more stars, but you can't order the street tacos in the restaurant, the little street taco stand is separate. Why? Only some dumb manager knows the answer to this.
4	Went here twice in a two day span. First time was to have a beer or two at the taco stand-sitting under the misters watching the Strip on a sunny day-can't be beat! Anyways, it smelled so good while we were there that we decided to go back for lunch the next day.I had a prickly pear margarita and the short rib tacos. Tacos were good, so were chips, salsa, and guacamole. The area under the trees is pretty and gives a nice shade on these hot summer days.
4	Delish! This joint is located in the spot of the old Cafe Ba Ba Reeba... Welcome addition to Fashion Show - good food, great location, lively, inexpensive and casual. Beats the fast food joints in the mall or the slightly more formal environments of Maggiano's or Capital Grille. Made a reservations on OpenTable and went shopping prior so we were running late. The host held our table for nearly 20 minutes (I called to inform them we were late - kudos!!).Food - Amazing! Started with a couple margaritas and guac along with the fried padron peppers. The peppers were off the hook! I need to find where they are sold in California and cook me up some. The guac had mucho sabor! Deep, pronounced flavors, very fresh and abundant. Well worth the $8 (beats any other Mexican restuarant's tableside prepped guac). For dinner, we had short rib tacos, shrimp/steak fajitas and chicken tacos. All arrived together and delish! Accompaniments galore including various salsas, guac, sour cream, cute tortillas.Service - spot on! Our server was friendly and always there without being a hover-nag. The front end manager came by to check in on us and see how we were doing as well. Water was never empty. Deal - We snagged a $50 restaurant.com gift certificate (make sure you buy it when they are having a promo - got it for $4!). Needed to spend $100, inclusive of alcohol, so we had no problem. Gratuity is not automatically included, so remember to tip on the full amount. We left a solid 20%. Only reasons I shaved a star was margaritas were a bit pricey and small (should we come back and pay "full price") and the environment was just a couple decibles too loud. Other than that.. I'm a fan!!
5	Fancy freshly made guacamole? Delicious sangria? Fajitas seasoned to perfection? Then try El Segundo.I was a previous fan of the once Cafe Baba Reba, but the owners of this venue decided to go bigger with their Spanish themed restaurant. With a new look and a whole new menu, El Segundo Sol is absolutely delicious in my opinion! You have your choice of indoor or outdoor seating, and with the weather as perfect as it is at this moment, I recommend the outdoor seating. Your outdoor table will be tucked under some strategically placed trees, adorable lighting and accompanied with a fantastic view of entertainment filled Las Vegas Boulevard. The service started off a bit rocky but after some light banter, and a few smiles, we were on a roll! Chicken fajitas, fresh guacamole, delightful salsa, and satisfying sangria; this meal was hands down, one of the best I've experienced in a while in the way of Mexican food. Give it a whirl, and be patient if the service isn't fantastic, the food certainly makes up for any dining experience hiccups!
4	Yummy Mahi tacos, awesome chips with 3 different kinds of salsa, homemade guac bar (they make it in front of you!), and 32oz togo beers!That is all.
4	Come here on el cinco dia del mes for all day happy hour specials! 2 frozen margaritas (the mango and Big Stick are so good), 2 carnitas burritos and 2 (free, given out by marketing girls) double Espolon tequila shots for $23. Say what?! Yes, it was cheaper than two drinks at the Encore pool.Top that off with a lively Mexican band and cool bartenders and servers and you've got the best pre-big night out deals on the strip!
5	This place is fantastic!So, staying at the Riviera has its drawbacks, including needing to hike a half mile just to get a cocktail on a patio. I had found this place on restaurant.com before heading out to LV on vacation and bought a gift certificate to use.My friend and I hiked from the Riviera and were welcomed by misters on the patio and giant frozen margaritas! My friend had the mango marg and said only wonderful, glowing things about it. I stuck with PBR tall cans and bottomless chips & salsa (which came with 3 flavors of salsa). Fantastic!This is just a really chill place to enjoy a cocktail and some mexican grub. The misters are a huge plus! The whole wait staff was nice and helpful. I'm so glad that we found this place. We will most definitely be back when in town!
2	Just really mediocre food at tourist prices.  I'm getting tired of chains that sell "street tacos."  This is another bland, tourist Strip restaurant that knows there's a new batch of unsuspecting customers flying into town every day, so why bother with authenticity or quality.
5	Happy hour.  At the bar.  It doesn't get much better than that.Great food (street tacos, yum) and the help isn't bad either.Can't wait to make it back to Vegas.
3	went in before going to see le reve @ the wynn. came right when happy hour started (which is only in the bar area).favorite part - they give you a huge bottle of water for the table! (downside - the water wasnt cold).anyway...we ordered a pitcher of their white sangria, 2 of each taco and chips and salsa. after we ordered we noticed their guacamole bar (they make guacamole fresh to order, and to your degree of spicy). it was a little too late to order since we already got chips and salsa.coming from LA, i thought the tacos were ok. very tasty, but not the kind of "street tacos" im used to. the salsas were all really good, and the sangria was pretty tasty. keep in mind they are street tacos. we ended up ordering another round of tacos.i like that they have a bar area, dining area, and "street taco" stand. definitely a place i enjoyed, and will probably go back to. definitely curious about their fajitas (we overheard one of the servers telling their guests that the fajitas are their house specialty, along with the guacamole, and the order is big enough to share).service wasnt that great, although it was happy hour and lets be honest - happy hour service isnt always perfect. all in all, a great experience, and perfect for a quick bite before a show.
1	Horrible service. Do not go here.
3	The price really wasn't bad considering you're paying in part for outdoor dining on the Strip.  The food was good, not great.  The guacamole was fresh and tasty, and you can order it mild, medium or spicy.  We ordered medium and it had a pretty good kick.  But it sat on our table for a good ten minutes while we waited for the chips and salsa, which were also very good.  We ordered a cheese crisp, which was very good, and the nightly taco platter special, which was the tenderloin.  The steak was marinated and cooked nicely but it was a very spartan taco with nothing else going on but some slices of steak and some small corn tortillas standing up in a metal cylinder, with rice and beans.  Again, the wait time was terrible, probably 30 minutes from the time we ordered the entres.  It was a Saturday night but the restaurant wasn't that busy so really can't understand what took so long.
2	The chips were great the quesadilla was a nice big portion for being an appetizer. The endless chips with the three salsa's are a good choice as well, especially when its happy hour and your get that discounted price. The location was a huge plus, being that it is on the strip and in the mall. The street tacos that are served there as well are another plus when you are looking for something quick and good to eat. Now as for the reason for the two stars...Food is one thing and a huge part of a good review but what hurt this resturant in my eyes was the service. We were seated quickly and that was very nice, our waiter took our order  and had our drinks to us in no time, then that was the last we seen of him. Well we seen him but he was tending to the groups of three or more. And this was not to say that the place was packed, because when we go there the bar was not even full and that was the section we were in. I seen more of the bus boys, who brought our food to us and refilled our drinks. I had to get napkins and silverware from the table next to us since the waiter did not bring our food he would not have known that we needed them. Then when we were done with our "endless chips" we had to flag down another waiter to bring us our refill. Later when it was time to leave since we did not feel the need to stay, the bill was rang up incorrectly. I did not understand how we got happy hour prices on the food but not the drinks..Well luckily one of the managers or at least the men in suits were around because of course the waiter was missing. They corrected the order and we got the right bill...And that explains the zero tip left to our waiter.   Overall the resturant was nice, the decor was awesome, and maybe we just got the raw end of the deal on the section that we sat in...But thats why I gave the two stars.
4	Nom....nom...nom. Sooooo freakin tasty short-ribs of beef. I couldn't believe the sensation of taste that was going on in my mouth. It was better than sex and there was a side of guac! I had the rice bowl and it filled me up. ::closes eyes, relives moment:: I miss Las Vegas for this reason.....and this reason alone. The bf had tacos, which were super fresh and tasty too. This place needs to add horchata and authentic Mexican rice and it will be good to go.
3	Surprisingly it was not bad!  Being a sort of kitschy Mexican restaurant on the strip it really could've been worse.  (It's way better than that Japanese place next door for sure!)Friend and I shared nachos and a mixed fajitas plate.  I also had a mango margarita.  It might've been because I had only slept 2 hours the night before or that I really haven't drank in like two years (was pregnant then nursing baby) but man that thing was strong!  I literally drank about a quarter of it I was starting to feel a bit...warm.  :)The food:  B+Nachos - Ok.  Can't really mess up nachos, right?  This one had the right ingredients.  I give it a B.  (Not sure nachos can ever really get above a B.  It's just stuff on top of chips.)Fajitas - Steak was grilled perfectly.  Meat was tender and juicy.  Shrimp was large and tasty.  Grilled vegetables were yummy.  Liked that it wasn't just the typical mix of bell peppers and onions.  They also included grilled asparagus.  I give it an A-.Service:  DSLOW!  We went around 3pm.  After the lunch crowd and before the happy hour crowd.  Yet our waitress was hardly around and when she was she just seemed so disgruntled.  We literally had to get up and hunt someone down to pay our bill.Ambiance/Decor: B+Twinkly lights get me every time!  :)  But the mish mash of tables  on the patio are really crowded and hard to navigate (especially with a stroller).
5	very good.  The fish tacos were especially good
5	EXCELLENT!!! Loved the prickly pear cactus margarita. The guac is the best I've ever had. You can just make a meal of that awesome guac. The fried chiles appy is the bomb, too, but seriously watch out for the ghost chille sitting atop the pile of green chiles. It will floor you before you know it. It almost took out my brother who pops habaneros like olives. Saved by an emergency glass of milk... I plan to go back to further explore the menu, but this is a great place at night, sitting out on the ambiently-lit patio. Nice place to just snack, and drink, and chill. Great service, btw.
3	Let me start off by saying that I would like to go back to El Segundo to experience the bar because this place has got a KILLER atmosphere. The restaurant sits open to LV Blvd and has got a great patio with a balcony of lit trees. I loved, loved, loved the design of this place.The chips and salsa ($2.95 for bottomless!) were DELISH.My meal, although I just got a cheese crisp, was just OK. I had looked at getting the Fajitas but they were a bit on the pricey side ($18). They had an extensive bar menu though and you can't really go wrong with a margarita so I would recommend this place for a drink and a snack but not sure you could count on a mind-blowing meal from El Segundo.
2	We came here for my friend's birthday...and because of the reviews I read here on Yelp.Unfortunately, our experience wasn't as great as a majority of those who have dined at this restaurant. There were seven of us total. Three people shared a nacho platter, one had enchiladas, one had quesadillas, one had soft tacos and I had crunchy tacos. First, the nacho trio asked for the guacamole on the side. There was a huge pile of guacamole on the top of the nachos. But they didn't complain and just ate around it.Second, I asked if they had crunchy tacos because I didn't see it on the menu. The waiter said no. I looked more closely at the menu...there were crunchy tacos on the menu. Weird, I thought that the waiters were supposed to know the menu at the place they're serving at.Third, THEIR CRISPY TAC0S ARE SPICY!!! I'm really wimpy when it comes to spicy things. I can handle some heat, but whatever they put on these tacos was H0T!!! Like hot enough to at least mention on their menu or have the staff mention. I couldn't eat them. I told our waiter. It took like 20 minutes to get non-spicy tacos out to me. That was cool, everyone else was done with their meals and was watching me eat since it took so long. And why did it take so long? Because there were only like five other tables that had people at the them...they should have just gone over to the street window and have them make them for me. It probably would have been 15 minutes quicker.Fourth, and here's when it gets messy and sort of dumb. We get our bill. Bottomless chips, check. Nachos, check. Enchiladas, check. Quesadilla, check. Soft tacos, check. Crunchy tacos + $3.95 fee for non-spicy chicken...annoying, but check. 3 sodas, check. Quesadillas, again? No, there were not two orders of quesadillas. We call over our waiter. US: Excuse me, you charged us twice for the quesadillas. HIM: 0h yeah, I was going to take those off.Uh, what? Weird response...if you were going to take the second one off, then why didn't you in the first place. Receive the new check.Bottomless chips, check. Nachos, check. Enchiladas, check. Quesadilla, check. Crispy tacos, check. Soft tacos, check. Crispy tacos + $3.95 for non-spicy chicken. REALLY? IS THIS GUY F0R REAL? We didn't order 2 CRISPY TAC0S.At this point, we're all just annoyed and wanted to get the eff out of there. We ended up going over to another waitress to fix the bill since our waiter was either trying to 1.) Get a bigger tip or 2.) Is incapable of being a server. The manager came over...he was nice, as managers are supposed to be. He gave us $50 worth of gift cards for our troubles, which was a round of shots for us. I would give this place another chance...but I would ask for a girl server next time. Good luck to whoever encounters the waiter we had...hopefully he's fully trained or finds another job soon.
3	Hmmm, it was okay I guess. Nothing wrong, but nothing outstanding either. The hostess was very friendly and made a few jokes on our way to the table. She asked if we wanted to sit at the high tops which feature all day happy hour on Sundays, lucky for us that it was Sunday. The happy hour deals, however, weren't much to write home about. Let's see, $5 margaritas, $2.99 tequila shots, and a few apps. You can also get a few domestic tall boys for $5 and a few imports for $6. Those seem like the best deal to me. For apps we had the spicy table side guac. I'm not really a fan of guac but this was pretty good, although expensive, $9 maybe. We also had the roasted peppers, I probably wouldn't order that again. The chips and salsa were good, although I would generally say that I enjoy any chips and salsa. I had the shredded pork tacos. They were good but nothing remarkable. GF had the shrimp fajitas. For $19.99 I thought there might be more than 5 flippin shrimp but it was good. For dessert we had the flan, tres leches cake and the chocolate cake. I thought the tres leches was the best and the chocolate cake was only so so. However, when dipped into the tres leches sauce, the chocolate cake was much better! Our waitress was decent and didn't try to rush us out of there even though we stayed at least three hours. With so many other options in Vegas I probably won't return to El Segundo Sol, especially with Ra right next door.
2	This place was just a waste of time & money. First of all, it's another americanized restaurant serving unoriginal "mexican" food. Food is alright, nothing special. Margaritas are weak. I ordered a large margarita with a double shot. When the waitress brought it out it was really small in size, and tasted like pure margarita mix. Customer service is horrible. All servers I encountered were rude.  I ordered the bottomless chips & salsa. They brought out one half empty basket of chips & 1 salsa. I politely told the waitress that I had ordered the bottomless chips with the 3 salsas. She then rolled her eyes and snatched the basket from my table and mumbled a "sorry". 10 minutes later, (still no chips & salsa)  a different waitress comes by and rudely drops a bowl of guacamole, and then walks away. I tried to get her attention before she walked away but she literally just dropped it and took off. Was everyone having a bad day? A few minutes later my original waitress came by and I explained to her what happened, she was half listening and looking in some other direction and just said.. "Oh,...well ok, so you don't want the guacamole?""No, I never ordered it, but I'm still waiting on my bottomless chips"She picks up the guacamole rolls her eyes and walks away. WTF. I didn't even say it rude or anything. I said it in the sweetest voice I could. I've seen the movie "waiting", I was too scared to piss her off, then later find a loogie in my food. So I let it go.I finally ordered my food and my super weak margarita. Waited for almost 25 minutes before getting my food. It wasn't even busy! There were maybe three other tables besides mine. By now my patience was wearing thin. I just wanted to eat my crappy expensive food and get out of there. I ate as quickly as possible.  I asked for my check, and again waited a pretty long while. I saw my waitress just standing there chatting with another co-worker, at this time, I've had it. So I went up to the waitress and told her I've been waiting way too long and I needed to go NOW. She handed me the check, and of course she had charged me for the guacamole. I told her...she said she'll fix it.... then she disappeared, and I had to wait 10 more minutes! I don't think I've ever spent this much time in a restaurant trying to "get out". I felt like a hostage. I was just sitting there on an empty table, w/ my doggy bag in my hands. Finally she got back, and I rudely snatched the receipt out of her hands and stormed out.I can honestly say I'm never going back to that hell hole. The staff needs a serious attitude makeover. They're lucky they got two stars. 1 star for the location and 1 star for the huge and not so bad tasting quesadilla.
4	My dad held his wedding reception here at one of their private rooms, and it was a great time. We had a three course meal (then cake later on) including appetizers of  lots and lots of awesome guacamole and veggie and meat quesadillas, followed by some salads, and then followed by the main course of steak and chicken fajitas mmmmmTheir drinks are good too, but a bit on the pricey side (around $7 for a small margarita!) I figured when you're in vegas, everything is expensive anyway. But our waitress was really cool and the catering manager, Kori, was tremendously helpful. They both came to our room often to make sure we were ok.I definitely plan on coming back here with friends and trying that tequila tasting!
3	High end mall food? El Segundo Sol is a nice place but it's comparatively priced to restaurants within the casinos that have GREAT food. Given the choice, I'd opt for something else but it is conveniently located. This is Vegas so pricing is going to be a little skewed. $19.95 for jumbo shrimp fajitas. ouch. It's a big platter with great presentation. The shrimp fajitas were light and hit the spot. The shrimp were a little too salty. The guac was great, wish they gave a bit more though. The cilantro rice was a little hard but tasty. Loved the lightly salted grilled corn. Overall, I enjoyed my entree and it was just the right amount of food. The service was just ok. We waited an abnormally long time to have our order taken and the place was not busy. Otherwise, she was very nice. The take-away:The fajitas were good. The prices are a little steep. You won't have a bad experience here but it won't blow you away.
4	Stop in for happy hour here! The endless $3 chips (nice amount of salt and not greasy)  and 3 salsas are a great deal. I don't usually even like green salsa normally but i liked this one. The street tacos are the right size for a  happy hour snack and worth the price, might want to get 2 or 3 if you are really hungry. We  tried the pork and chicken, they were out of beef that day which was too bad.  Can't go wrong with the mango or pear margaritas and a  happy hour priced tequila shot.For  happy hour specials, chips and salsa, and street tacos this is the place to go!
4	Sort of mixed feelings here.. The food A+ but the service is a C- unless you get lucky I suppose. Went here while visiting Vegas for my birthday and must say the fish tacos are unreal. The sour cream, guac and some other sauce was dripping goodness everywhere.. Mmmmm..Also had a while pitcher of sangria...yum. The waiter was ok but seemed a little amiss. $81 later I was feeling good about the dinner and drinks for 2. Then 2 days later I took my wife there for her birthday and the first waitress abandoned us for a younger guy. Then after we ordered an app and beers he served everyone around us and never came back for me to order that encore platter of fish tacos. Needless to say we left with just the apps and I think I then lost the remaining lunch money on slots. Would probably try this place one more time because those fishy tacos are calling my name.
2	***This review is being updated on 3/13 due to a second issue with El Segundo failing to deliver on their social media advertising promises. The 1st time I attempted to attend Cinco at El Segundo (a happy hour party that happens on the 5th of each month) we were told the ad that was posted on FB was incorrect. The manager blamed the "mis-communication" on the home office but even though we showed him the ad on our phone via FB Mobil he would not honor the deal (the deal was 1/2 off of Happy Hour prices). Since they were running their normal Happy Hour plus some other good deals we chose to stay and we had a great time. We have made it a point to go back on at least 2 other occasions and there have been no issues. When we went back for the 5th of March we were informed by the hostess that the restaurant had been closed for a private party so the only thing that would be open the rest of the night was the bar which was exactly what we were looking for. Upon sitting down you could tell that the ONE bartender working was overwhelmed. We asked for the Cinco de March menu and she said that they were not running that promotion this month because of the private party. We said that is very interesting since it was posted on your FB. She said sorry and that was the end of her concern for this issue. Since we knew the manager would not make the situation right we chose to leave and take our money elsewhere. El Segundo is in such a great place and the food and drinks are great it is just disappointing that they can't get it together when it comes to social media and their promotions team. You really want to tell them to stop trying to be hip and cool if they can't put the time in to get it right*** I think that I would give El Segundo a 3.5 overall based upon my multiple experiences there but today's experience for lunch was definitely a 4. The service today was professional and quick and the food was perfect. We ordered the guacamole (spicy) and 3 different taco platters, Chicken, Carne Asada & Short Rib. As usual the bottomless Chips & Salsa Trio were great and I am sure that they will some day be the death of me since I can't stop eating them.
5	What a great find on the strip! The fresh made guacamole is awesome. The beef short rib tacos were fantastic, served in a DIY style with plenty of small, warm, soft corn tortillas with an array of condiments. They also had a good beer selection with decent prices on the buckets, so bring a friend and sit on the patio for a relaxing meal.
2	Our service was extremely slow the night that we visited.  We waited, and waited, and waited for our food.  I tried to give them more of my money by trying to order more drinks while we waited, but our server did not jump at the opportunity to run up the check and get a better tip.  So not only did we wait for our food way longer than my patience could handle, we also were left hanging with dry cups for most of the duration of our wait for our food  =(Once the food came out I was not impressed with the carne asada.  I probably should of just stuck with the tacos.  I was very disappointed that I wasted my time and money at this place with all of the other options for great food in Vegas.
3	Food was alright.  The fajitas plate was very large but kind of pricey.  The margahritas were good.  Many choices of drinks.  The service was decent, though it felt like we were forgotten about a few times.  Waiter forgot to bring out an appetizer that we really wanted to try.  Over all it was a good meal and we enjoyed.  The chips were very good so consider that as an appetizer as they are not free here.  Also the lighting makes it hard to read the menu.
4	Went twice last week.  Here's what I like, fresh margs, good guac, dam tasty chicken & beef enchiladas.  What I don't like.  I don't think there is much tequila in these drinks, but I could be wrong.  You gotta pay for chips and salsa, unless you buy guacamole.  The guac is fresh, but it comes in a massive bowl.  It must be a gallon of guac and it's easy to fill up on this.  Probably better to just drink margs and pass on the guac.
5	Just returned from 10 days in Las Vegas and wanted to be sure to write up El Segundo Sol for their excellent service. Was there for our National Meetings and we closed El Segundo Sol and Stripburger for a few hours on both Saturdays so our Coordinators could enjoy a delicious meal on the Strip.Hands down, best decision ever. Kori Zornes was fantastic from start to finish in helping us pick our menu and in execution. We had 400 diners both Saturdays and everyone seemed to have an absolute blast. The staff were incredibly accomodating and very quick to replenish all food and drinks. Kori and the entire El Segundo Sol staff were amazing and if we find ourselves in Vegas again, it's a no-brainer that we'll use this restaurant again!
3	Went here twice with a good and mediocre experience. The food is good but service is not that great.  Example: TheY brought three entrees for 2 of us (accidental double order). Drink refills did not exist as the server didn't come around for 30 mins. The check was wrong (Included the double order), and that took 15 mins to fix. They shorted me $10 in my change and conveniently did not include a receipt. 10 mins to fix. At least this restaurant has good food and margaritas or they would get a 1 star for horrible service. The seafood platter is really good.  Be sure to count your change here though.
3	Food and drinks are the stars here.  Baja fish tacos where excellent, even the rice and beans stood out.  Cucmber mint margaritta was perfectly balanced, and called for a second.  A third would have been had if not for being so full from the food. Service could use a polish or a dose of professionalism.  3 stars for now, aspiring to be 4 stars.
3	I'm really torn on this place. The food is good, the service needs improvement, and the setting is nice.If I select '4-stars' it means, "Yay! I'm a fan!", which I am, but not with that much enthusiasm. I guess I'll have to stick with 3-stars and an 'A-OK' style. The food is your average mexican food, with nothing that blows me away. You either love or hate their rice -- which I happen to hate. They do offer a Gluten-Free menu which is beneficial to those who require it. They serve you water in a glass bottle that they clearly fill up from the sink. It is so tacky and seems really unsanitary. If you are going to bring a bottle of water, make it fancy or stick with the ice water in the cup. Bottom line: nothing special, but not horrible. It's great if you want decent mexican, but there are several other places that, for the same price, will be much better.
1	NOT WORTH IT!!  STAY AWAY!!!I am a BIG fan of Mexican food.  El Segundo Sol is as generic as you are going to get when it comes to Mexican food.  Beyond watered down.  Most generic Mexican restaurants still get it right with somewhat decent food.  But almost everything was lousy...I will start with the food..In what seems like an effort to be authentic of gimmicky, they bring out this bottle of water that caps off.  It looks like something they might pour your water with in a restaurant in Mexico maybe?  So it gets poured into these tiny little glasses.  The water is warm and is clearly tap water.  I'm perfectly fine with tap water at restaurants. Next time, just fill a glass up with ice and turn on the sink.  At least it will be cold, which usually helps to mask the tap flavor.  Get rid of this lame gimmick.We got the bottomless chips and salsa.  Chips were kind of oily and super thick.  The salsas were just OK.  It all just tasted old.  The three of us each ordered an entree.  The chicken enchiladas were dry and kind of flavorless.  They come with a side of rice and beans.  The rice tasted like the instant kind.  The fish tacos were terrible.  It all comes separate and you make your own.  The red, creamy sauce was pretty good.  But the mahi mahi was grilled so strangely in this big lump that didn't pull apart well.  It just had the flavor of burnt as well.  It's sad when I had to douse it with Tapatio to make it edible.  My girlfriend got the chicken quesadila, which actually was not bad.  But you deserve negative points if you can't make a quesadilla.  The service was strange.  First, we had this unfriendly girl who was with us up until she took our order.  Then this creepy guy became our server, even though we kind of just thought he was a busboy until we realized the girl wasn't coming back.  He was attentive, but wayyyyy overboard.  It was like, what does he want now..Overall, this place sucks and I will never go back.  Maybe if the prices were half of what they were (well no, not then either).  But 17.99 for those nasty fish tacos and 15 for the enchiladas was ridiculous..  If you want good Mexican food at the Fashion Show Mall, visit TacoMaker in the food court.  Their Daily Special is $5.99 and it is delicious.  Enchilada style burrito, small portion of nachos, and a crunchy taco.  Mmmmm.  I wish we had gone there instead.. :(
5	Me and my girlfriend were going to go to Stripburger, but we saw this place and decided to check it out.  We're glad that we did.  This place had great food and great service.  I had the short rib tacos and my girlfriend had a short rib quesadilla.  The portion sizes were very filling.  The meat was served in a small container and I had enough for about 5 small tacos.  I'm not a fan of rice and beans, but these were excellent.The best part of the meal was the guacamole.  It was by far the best I've ever had.
1	Horrible drinks. Manager could tell we were not happy with our drinks fixed only one. Food needs help. Bartender had a bad attitude. Server was amazingl. Great tacos at take out bar
5	Is it the best Mexican food I've ever had?  No.  Do I care?  Not really.  The outstanding service more than made up for it.The guacamole actually was incredible, and the rest of the food was about what you'd expect in Vegas.  The prices on everything were quite reasonable, especially considering it's on the Strip.  And again, I have to say the service was some of the best I've experienced anywhere.  We never had to wait for anything, and everyone was extremely helpful.
3	I really wanted Mexican food the day we flew in to Vegas. It' s just one of those things, you crave it and you have to have it. So I found this place, it had okay reviews so I decided to try it.The restaurant had good ambiance. I thought we were going to be seated outside but we were sat inside which wasn't too bad. They have a huge projection screen where they were playing some channel I cannot remember. We were also next to the bar which looked to have a great selection of Tequila. I really wanted chicken flautas which they didn't have so I settled for crunchy chicken tacos. The server told us their sangrias were really good so I decided to try one of those too.The sangria was actually pretty good, served with bits of green apple. That drink got me started for the night. The crunchy chicken taco plate came with three tacos, black beans, white lime rice with cilantro, charred tomatillo salsa, guacamole, and sour cream. Put that all together and it made for a yummy meal. I feel the chicken could have had more flavor and also the menu stated they made their own shells but they looked more like the Taco Bell variety which I wasn't expecting. A downer to this restaurant, no free chips and salsa and the food was a bit pricey for the food. We ordered one sangria, the chicken taco plate and a ceviche appetizer. The tab was $40! Not too much bang for the buck here. Many will say that's Vegas but a different dining experience totaling the same dollar amount the next evenings makes me say I beg to differ.
5	We went to Vegas for a little R & R and to celebrate our recent engagement.I didn't want to break the bank so I went to Restaurant.com prior to leaving town.  That was a great score as there were many restaurants to choose from.  In fact, the list was so plentiful I had to have the guy help me pare it down.  We selected one for El Segundo Sol, which is located in the Fashion Place Mall.  Since we were staying right across the street from there, it seemed like an obvious choice.   We had a $25 off coupon if you spend $35 or more, which isn't too hard to do in a Vegas restaurant.  It didn't restrict drinks either, which so many do.  So, we ended up spending close to $60 but then the coupon came into play and it was around $40, so not a bad deal.The food was tasty Americanized Mexican food.  That's not a complaint at all, merely, an observation.  It was very tasty and there was plenty of it.  In fact, we got a to go box to take it back to our hotel room, there was so much of it.  We got the daily special and it was three different types of chicken dishes, a tostada, taco, and an enchilada, all very tasty. We ordered guacamole to go with our chips and asked for the spicy, which it was and very good.  Their chips and salsa come with three types of salsas and they have no problems giving you more should you desire that.  I had a margarita with specialty tequila and it was about $9 but very good.  I only needed one.  The guy had a couple of beers which he said were also good.The staff was very helpful and never let us run out of anything and they had a bottle of water on the table that you could refill your own water glass which I like because most places don't come back as often as I would like with the water.At one point, the manager, Josh, I think he said his name was, came over to see how we were doing.  It was nice to be checked in on. It was about 4:30PM on a Friday afternoon and the bar was full but there were just a few of us at the tables in the dining area.  I'm sure they were soon to get more crowded as the time went on.This was a fun place, with great service. We didn't want for a thing and I would definitely be back to try it again when I'm on that end of the strip.
2	stopped in here yesterday late afternoon for a little happy hour treat. after we were seated in the bar by the hostess nobody came over to take our order. almost 10 - 15 minutes later the hostess came by again and asked if anyone came by for drinks and when we said no she brought somebody over. i didn't catch our waiters name but he took our drink order along with a side of chicken nachos and gave us some water. the glasses that were brought over were really warm though. no ice water was served here. i could tell my boyfriend was a little displeased. After being thirsty for an hour of mall walking i know he wanted some nice, cold water. he was pleased they had one of his favorite beers though, modelo especial. i ordered a frozen prickly pear margarita ($4.95) while Dan T. ordered his beer. Another 10 minutes went by before we got our drinks. Dan enjoyed his beer and my margarita was refreshing. A little too sweet but it is the first margarita i have had in months so i shouldn't complain. i recommend the prickly pear to the ladies and gents who prefer to not taste their alcohol. i had no idea i was getting anything. about another 10 - 15 minutes passed before we got our nachos. they didn't warn us the plate was burning hot so my hand almost melted when i touched it grabbing some nachos. OW! they weren't bad. i wish the bottom part didn't consist of 8 nachos turned one because of melted cheese. the guacamole and tomatos were not spread out, but one of each on the side. weird. i do wish they were all over and messy though. it mostly consisted of melted cheese and chicken. the meat wasn't bad, but it should have had a little more flavor to it.I don't know if i will be back. wasn't awful and disgusting, but nothing really made me say wow between the drink and the nachos. it was sunday from 4 to 5pm and the place wasn't packed at all so the fact that nobody came by for a while at first annoyed me. i had such better hopes for this place. oh well. i'll stick to dos caminos if i am over in the area.
4	El Segundo Sol is the crazy cousin of the Stripburger. Owned by the same person/people/corporation, it sits next door to the Stripburger. We stopped by for lunch before headin' out to the airport. The hostess advised there was a 20 minute wait. Looking in the bar area we noticed several people enjoying their meal there. Noticing several tables in the bar area empty we asked if we could order from the bar and the hostess said yes but only if you sit at the bar. So we grabbed a table in the bar area and told her to keep us on the list for a table in the dining area. Within a few minutes a manager looking type came up to us, gave us water and asked if we would be ordering off the menu. We said yes and as he walked away to get our menu the hostess barreled into him and they had a brief animated exchange. He dropped off some menus and said someone would help us shortly. Ooooookay, seems like we can get service in the bar area away from the bar. Whilst perusing the menu the very affable bartender came up to our table to take our drink order. I opted for the Agave Cooler, a delightful concoction of agave nectar, fresh mint and Cruzan light rum. Ahh a refreshing and perfect cocktail for a bright, warm-ish day. H chose the house margarita on the rocks and seemed to enjoy his choice also.Not wanting to eat anything heavy I ordered the vegetable quesadillas. H wanted the crispy tacos until he found out the beef was shredded and not the ground variety. He ended up ordering the beef quesadillas which the waiter warned also had shredded beef but it was slow-braised boneless shortrib. Noting the chip and salsa was listed as an appetizer, we went ahead and ordered it (it's $2.95). The chips and salsa is a large basket that comes with 3 bowls: pico de gallo, tomatillo salsa and a red salsa. After finding we were from Texas, the server insisted on bringing us a bowl of the chef's specialty salsa. He mentioned it had some heat to it and walked away. 'Had some heat' I scoffed, 'bring it on'. I tell ya, whatever this sh*t is, it packs heat. It's a green sauce (not salsa) that they swear has no tomatillo or avocado. Apparently, it's a well guarded secret.Friendly staff, convenient location, not terribly pricey and decent food. I'll be visiting El Segundo Sol again.
5	A group of 30+ of us wanted somewhere on the strip to gather for dinner. Kori at El Segundo Sol did an AMAZING job of organizing it for us. We had a perfectly sized private room, were able to order off the full menu (every other restaurant wanted us to pick from a $65 per person ++ fixed menu), and paying the check was a breeze. Great service and surprisingly great food-- I expected it to be your typical Mexican cuisine, but it was delicious, and moderately priced for the strip. Huge drinks menu as well, which was a winner for our group. I definitely recommend this place if you're looking for somewhere to take a group-- and Kori is super helpful!
4	This is a review for their little take out area thing to the right of the restaurant. I thought this spot is great just grabbing a quick bite and people watch the strip.Nothing fancy on their limited mexican menu, but I was able to get a drink and a couple decent tacos for a good price.
4	I usually hate going out to eat Mexican food but this place is really good. I had the steak fajitas med rare twice on a recent weekend trip to Vegas and I was suprised by how good they were.The bottomless chips and salsa is great, especially the pico de gallo which has a kick to it.
3	My friend was in the mood for Mexican food so we decided to wander into El Segundo Sol.  We really like the ambiance of this place.  The food was surprisingly better than we expected.  She got a vegetarian taco plate and I got a pulled pork taco plate.  My pulled pork was not what I was expecting, but I thought it was okay.  The service here was lacking though.  Our waiter brought us chips and salsa even though we said we didn't want any when he asked.  And then he insisted that we had ordered it.  Of course he had to take it back, and we felt a little bad but we could noticeably tell that he was annoyed at us.  He was overly attentive though.  He kept on filing my glass of water even though the pitcher of water was on the table.  And he kept on coming by to ask us, "do you have everything you need right now?" often interrupting our conversation.  On the whole I think if you're in the mood for slightly expensive Mexican food (about $15 a plate) then this place is worth checking out.  But I probably won't be back here until after I've checked out all the other places on the strip.
3	The table side guacamole is great.  I also get a lot of the bottomless chips and salsa.  The other items on the menu I've had but I usually default to those.  The bar is great for late in the evening.  Its located right on the Las Vegas strip so it can get kind of spendy.  I like also going there on my lunches and getting a quick burrito.  The service it fast and the view is great.
3	First and foresmost...Food was excellent which is why we all goout to eat anyways right? However, service was horrible. They sat us in a corner behind a tree and we had to seek out our server. Next, we ordered everything at once and never received our Chips and Salsa for the appertizer which we qucikly canceled when the food runner brought out our entrees. We were never asked if we wanted refills, never brought more water or asked for desert. We gave the server a restaurant.com gift certificate and he overcharged us signifcantly and we had to then seek out the manager who kindly fixed it. Overall...FOOD WAS GREAT AND SERVICE STUNK!
4	After a horrible attempt of our group of 10 trying to eat at Maggiano's (see my review - not customer friendly!), we decided to check out El Segundo Sol which was right below Maggiano's.  The hostess was making conversation with us and after my husband mentioned to her what had happened at Maggiano's, the hostess was in shock.  She said that they will take care of us and they sure did. We sat in the "Tequila Room" a private room with a long table and had the best service.  When the server brought us two huge bowls of fresh, tableside made guacamole and two huge platters of chips and salsa, I was confused and asked who ordered all this.  The server said it was on the house! Our server was friendly, on top of it and made sure our glasses were never empty.  The busboy made sure our table was clear of any dirty dishes and the manager came by a couple to times to check on us.  Everyone was happy with their food.  They had a special that included a cheese enchilada, chicken tostada and fish taco with rice and beans.  Even though we were originally craving some pasta, this was a true blessing in disguise.  We felt like VIPs and will definitely go there again!
4	This review is solely for the prickly pear margarita on the rocks - because that's all I got. My girlfriends were taking too long shopping at the adjacent mall, so I went over with a guy friend to grab some drinks. We sat at the outdoor bar, service was a little slow (big day for margaritas I'm guessing), but we eventually got our drinks - they were pretty, delicious and a bit strong (read perfect).I would definitely go again, and maybe try some of their food.
5	Amazing guacamole!! The food is wonderful! Great service too! Go on Restaurant.com to get your $$ off! We used a $50 off of $100 and ended up spending around $75 for four adults to drink and enjoy an AMAZING meal!
4	I'm somewhere between 3 and 4 stars for this spot, but we'll go with 4. It's a nice atmosphere, has great drinks, and I love the tacos.This spot can get crowded and loud at times, but it's a nice place. I love all the lights and decor. The service can be spotty, but the servers are mostly attentive and quick to fix any errors.The queso, enchiladas, etc. are all above average. However, it is the tacos that really shine here. Very delectable and with an upscale feel. You may get some initial sticker shock (though, not worse than most anywhere else on the Strip), but the presentation and taste make it worth it.And the margaritas are fantastic. Quite possibly my fav spot in Vegas for a margarita. I especially love the frozen margarita with a float of red sangria. It's the perfect summer drink.
1	This is my first bad review so just bare with me. The location is terrific. It is located on the corner of Fashion Show mall and is a great setting for potential people watching. Those are the good things. After that there is nothing good about this place. I was seated by the hostess who appeared to be having a bad day. It took a long time for the waitress to show up. For every interaction I had with my waitress there was a ridiculously long wait and the place was not crowded. It was a Wednesday around 7-8 o'clock. Ordered a drink and bottled water; it took forever for her to know if they sold bottled water. When she found out then she placed my drink order. I ordered dinner and it took too long for the food to come out. I ordered the grilled fish taco's. They brought me half a fish and tortilla with rice and beans. The flour tortillas were not very good and it turned into me forcing the food down. Never saw the waitress again until I flagged her down for the check. After that I never saw her again. The bill was $41.92 and I left $42 on the table. Just a horrible experience overall. Such potential but an utter disappointment.
3	I went to El Segundo Sol for the first time with a large group last weekend.  We were seated in a private room in the back.  Our servers were good and efficient.  The Margaritas were tasty and the food was fine.
5	Wow best mexican food I have tasted yet!!!! atmosphere and service is awesome....sangria drinks r the bomb...Happy Hour on Saturdays nine to midnite.
4	So it's my sisters bachelorette....I'm the maid of honor. My job is to organize activities/dinners for 28 women. YIKES, and PANIC!!! Luckily, Kori Zornes (Catering Sales Manager) for El Segundo came to the rescue. I contacted her a couple months ago and she was a major help in making the dinner portion of our weekend go smoothly. Kori responded to all of my emails/calls very quickly. Initially we were going to do a "set" menu and then switched to a la carte. Kori was very accommodating in making this change. When we arrived on Saturday we had the "Ventana" room reserved. This was awesome, as we had the entire room to ourselves. The glass walls allowed for a perfect view of the strip. The wait staff was awesome as well. Quick to take drink and food orders. I had the tortilla soup which was delicious. Even had a little flair, as the waiter placed a bowl of the "dry" ingredients in front of me. Then poured the soup from a separate pitcher into the bowl. Most of the girls ordered tacos, and everyone was pleased with their meal. I was pretty stoked that they sold tall cans of beer, so that's what I had for drinks. Others in our party ordered margaritas and said they were good and strong. Which is great....because we knew when we got to the clubs drinks would double (if not triple) in price. The staff was also spot on in separating the checks. We pretty much broke into small groups rather than have one big check. With as many people as we had in our party, all checks came out correctly. I really appreciate the staff and Kori for helping us have a great time. I definitely recommend coming here with any size group!! THANKS AGAIN KORI FOR ALL YOUR HELP!! WE HAD A GREAT TIME...I PLAN ON COMING BACK WHEN IN VEGAS!!
2	I was really excited to try a new mexican food restaurant being a mexican food fanatic, but I was not too impressed after my experience here.Our waitress was not great- she was busy and kept forgetting our drink orders- (I mean come on- write it down already!)   It was also SO dark in there we could barely see the menu- this is not an exaggeration.  They charge $2.75 for chips and salsa as an appetizer- which is always surprising to me at mexican food restaurants.  The food was mediocre, the margarita primero was watered down (after the server had to be reminded that we ordered it twice).  They charged 18% gratuity for our large party which was an unfortunate way to end the night.
4	Excellent Margaritas and Guacamole!!!I like that they bring chilled water to your table in a large glass bottle to help rehydrate you after walking the strip.I had the ceviche and tortilla soup.I would recommend both.When it comes to the tacos, you can only order them as a combo with rice and beans.It would be nice to be able to order them ala carte.The staff was very friendly and the manager was very visible and making sure everyone was happy.
4	I went here on Sunday before the Beatles Love show which was AMAZING but that's a whole other review. I'm giving it 4 stars though it does have some pros and cons. PROS: * It's a cool place, sort of a hectic vibe, and loud, but cool just the same * The margaritas are *$%#-ing amazing! You will want more than one, so just get the 32 oz up front.  I got 1 strawberry and 1 mango, both awesome.* The guacamole is also stellar, a large portion and really good! *The food is good, not out of this world like the guac and margaritas but definitely good *I heard from another vegetarian that the veggie tacos, which is more like fajitas than tacos are super awesome. The best she said, EVER. CONS: * Chips and salsa are not complimentary, they cost 2.75 * The service is SLLLOOOOW, it's busy so be prepared to wait. We waited over 45 mins for food at 8pm on a Sunday.* My friend got the beef quesadilla, which was beef, cheese and jalapenos (WAY too spicy for her, she couldn't eat it) *It's fairly pricey, the large margarita is 21 or 22 bones. *LOUD, if you want a quiet place, this is not for you. *No burritos here, if you like burritos don't bother, they have zero All in all if you have the cash to spend and you're looking for a fun, upbeat vibe this would be perfect for you. It's on the strip, at the Fashion Show mall, easy walking distance from a lot of hotels. If you're in a small group and get the chips. salsa and quac I would suggest getting only apps.  The tacos look like a LOT of food, I could only eat part of the quesadilla after the guac.   I will definitely come back again when I don't have a time restraint.
4	While at the fashion show mall my family and I debated between Maggiano's and El Segundo Sol. The music at El Segundo instantly won us over. As Mexicans, we enjoyed the Mana that was playing. Unfortunately, as soon as we sat down the music changed to the likes of Jason Derulo and Lil Wayne fans.The food, however, was delicious and tasted pretty authentic. The chips and salsa were amazing. All three salsas were delicious. The parentals ordered the guacamole which I'm guessing they loved because they devoured it.  I opted for the Chicken Tacos which were served with Mexican Rice and Black beans. Let me just say, yuum! The tortillas were served rolled up in a tin, which is pretty convenient. Mom ordered the Chile Relleno. When it comes to Chile Relleno's she's very critical because "none are better than the one's she makes." But, she seemed to love it. I'm giving it 4 stars for the not so Mexican music that played through out our visit. It is a "Mexican" restaurant after all. I believe this restaurants belongs to the same owners as Mon Ami Gabi. As a themed restaurant, I expected the music to follow.
5	Honestly, I don't like Mexican food/faijitas......BUT for my aunts sake I was just going to give it a whirl......omg YUM! Their chicken fajitas were to die for....fresh and made to order! See! That's what I'm talking about! Food made to order and fresh! Oh. And their strawberry margarita is made fresh.....with fresh strawberries and is to die for. Ok I saved the best for last......their tres leche cake......one word.....heaven. omg yum! The best dessert I have ever ever had! Yes I said it! The best! Awesome service and amazing food! Whoa! I totally forgot....their guacamole.....to die for........I wish I can get on a plane right now! Lol!Bonus for us women: right outside the mall! Lol Happy eating!
4	This is my favorite place for a big frozen margarita !  The margarita is soo good and with just one of the big ones you are good to go !  They have awesome guacamole and chips and salsa.  The ambiance and the music are great !  I had the special of the day which was an enchilada platter.  The enchilada was good and the cilantro rice was excellent.  The prices are a little high and it is not 100% authentic but overall this place is great.
4	El Segundo Sol, or Second Sun in English, is located in the outside portion of the Fashion Show Mall.I happened to be in the neighborhood doing some clothes shopping when I decided I'd rather eat than shop.Took a spot at Bar Segundo, which is their bar that is in the outside patio of the restaurant and looked over a menu.Typical Americanized-Mex menu with fajitas, enchiladas, taco platters, taquitos, etc.I ordered an appetizer of Chicken Taquitos and a main course of Chicken Fajita platter.The taquitos were quite awesome(i tend to use the words awesome and fuck alot in my reveiws fyi.)3 per order and served on top on lettuce , which I thought were just for presentation until the bartender informed me you can eat it like a wrap.Fuck...good. On the side its served with guacamole and some kind of sauce made from orange, which is alot spicier than I expected.Very sexy presentation.If it was a woman, I would make love to her.The gripe I have with most Mexican joints and their fajitas, is that they tend to put a shitload of vegetables on the platter but very little steak/chicken/shrimp.Not the case here as there was a generous mix of chicken and veggies on the platter.Most joints tend to serve yellow rice and refried beans(or frijoles, as we say in Espanol.) with their fajita platters, but here they serve them with white rice and black beans.Black beans = crazy delicious, especially when you put them in a tortilla with chicken.The margaritas here are no pussy margaritas.These things are strong and sneak up on you after you have a few.This is definitely a repeat place for me.
5	All I know is that the fish taco's are amazing!  Sat outside with my wife on a cooler Las Vegas day!  Server was great!  Defiantly check it out!
1	My fiancee & I decided to have lunch there this Saturday. We arrived & sat at the bar area. Our table was dirty & the bus boy never came to clean. The bartender cleaned up for us & took our drink order. Our server never came to take our order. We asked the hostess & her reply was "I have no idea who your server is" . When our server came he asked us to go ahead & keep ordering from the bartender since we already got drinks from him. We go to Las Vegas several times a year and I will never go back to this place. Such a shame because we were really looking forward to trying the food.
4	Delicious! The happy hour menu is a goodie, cheap taco's and yummy sangria. The unlimited 3 salsa's and taco chips is by far the best snack ! Can't go wrong.
5	I work near the Fashion Show Mall so we go to El Segundo Sol at least once a month for lunch. I have to admit it is hard not to order margaritas when every one else around you is getting one, but I do refrain! (I will stop by someday and get them as everyone on yelp is raving about them.) Service has always reliable. They know the menu well and are good at making suggestions even when we don't follow them. ;-) They are quick to refill water or soft drinks. And of course the food is always awesome! We have had the combo fajitas several times and they are the current fav. Nachos and guac is our standard appetizer as well and it always disappear quickly.... You know, I think I'll go to lunch there today!!
2	My husband and I had dinner on the patio.  Tableside guacamole was good, but it definitely wasn't made at our tableside.  Service was just so-so and when we told the manager there were mice at our feet, he seemed unconcerned as he moved us to a different table and then disappeared.  Food was okay but the whole experience was gross.
2	The place is in a nice location, but as for the food, I'd wait to see people plates come out and then see what you would like to order. some of the food is basic and basic flavor.
5	YUM!Pros:- really tasty food... like... really tasty- the chips & salsa come with 3 different salsas, each better than the last!- the tacos are sort of a build-your-own-taco style, and it's awesome- our waiter and the manager were very gracious in letting us use their printer so we could use a restaurant.com coupon- had outdoor and indoor seatingCons:- you have to pay for chips & salsa (but they are bottomless)- it's pretty dang pricey (get yourself a restaurant.com coupon!)
3	Not my favorite joint... but conveniently located for me.  As often as I drop-by for random happy hours, the service tends to err a little on the slower side; half the time the servers aren't very friendly.  I will admit the food is pretty yummy and you can't beat the fun patio.. but, watch the wallets as you don't exactly get the bang for your buck.
4	Cheap drinks and food provide a nice break from the high priced surrounding casinos. Happy hour mune and drink specials daily. Friendly staff with quick service. Chips and salsa very tasty and some pretty sexy outifts on some of the waitstaff. Tv screens spread out pretty well if you're looking for a place to watch sports or get the night started.
3	Seemed a little expensive but that's to be expected in Vegas.Really large selection of tequila if you're into that kinda thing...I'm not but I was a fan of the cucumber mint margaritas. Quesadilla appetizer was good, but small. Steak fajitas were really good. Totally a fan of the rice they give you with it. I think I did more picking at stuff than actual fajita assembling. You have to pay for chips which is kind of annoying since almost every other Mexican place I've ever been to gives you them for free. Probably worth it for a big group though since they're bottomless.
5	Best Mexican North of the border...freshly made guacamole-made to order.. delicious and deadly mango margaritas..Steak fajitas my fav...Great people watching from patio...
4	Came for happy hour on Thursday and then lunch on Friday. Happy hour was a great deal with $5 margaritas that were strong and tasty. Had some nachos as well. Appetizers were $3-5 during happy hour. Lunch was also great. I had the chicken fajitas. They were expensive at $18 but very high quality. Not a large portion maybe 1-1.5 chicken breasts. The rice was also a surprise hit! Fast friendly service. No free chips and salsa but that was good for the waistline. Get a restaurant.com gift certificate to help lower the cost.
4	We went here with a HUGE group (14 people) and this place was perfect.We pre-arranged a private room with a pre fix menu and all you can drink which was perfect. The room was the perfect size, and they gave us a ton of food and were really good about taking drink orders (and giving us buckets of beer). Even better, the food was really good!While it definitely was not cheap, the service was excellent and the food is pretty good.
5	Best place in town for large groups. We had 20 in our group and they were very accommodating. Food was great, great margaritas and there were always servers around getting what ever you needed.
3	This review is for the Loco Hour 4-7 and 11pm - close Everyday in the bar areaWe ordered:Big Stick Margarita - $4.95Mexelent Mango Margarita - $4.95Strawberry Margarita - $4.95(3) Tequila shots - $2.95ea. Bottomless chips & 3 salsas - $2.95(2) Fully loaded pork burritos - $5.88ea.Tableside Guacamole - $8.95 (not on loco hour menu)Total: $47.36 (not incl. tax/tip)I have definitely had better, cheaper happy hour. The items on the Loco Hour aren't even that discounted. The bottomless chips and salsa seem very cheap...until you look at the original menu and see that they're $2.95 all the time! The drinks are discounted by about $2. The only thing I found to be a pretty good value were the burritos and tacos. On the regular menu, the tacos are only served in platters that will run you about $15, but you can get then for $2 a piece on the Loco Hour menu. The burritos don't even exist on the regular menu, but you can get them for $4.93 on the Loco menu (+.95 to make it fully loaded). They're stuffed with fresh guacamole, sour cream, pickled jalapeno, shredded lettuce, rice beans, and meat. I didn't order one for myself, but I had a bite of Don's and it was delish! The pork was very soft and the guacamole was so fresh and chunky. I'm also a sucker for burritos with rice inside. I just wish they'd learn how to wrap them up better. They were wrapped like enchiladas. Thankfully, Don's teenage job was at Del Taco, so he fixed that problem in a flash. The guacamole came in a giant mortar. We didn't expect to get so much guacamole, but we had no problem eating it all anyway. The ambiance was nice. We came at exactly 4pm in the middle of the week, so there weren't that many people there. There are strings of little light bulbs hanging from the dark wooden ceiling and there is a lot of light from outside in the bar area during the day. The bathrooms are pretty fancy too (if you can ignore the piping under the sinks). Each stall and sink  is separated by a tile wall and there are lots of places to hang your bags or coats. Overall, the place was nice. I'd come back here for the Loco Hour burritos if I ever happened to be walking around Fashion Show mall between 4-7pm and craving a burrito (not very likely), but not for anything else.
5	Surprisingly awesome! Visited this restaurant during lunch and the service was fast and friendly. Sat at the bar and ordered the braised beef tacos and they were amazing. Fresh corn tortillas, rice, flavorful beans and delicious salsa help you create the perfect marriage of taste and texture in every bite. I'll definitely try this place again!
5	Came here with my colleagues after a tradeshow and not only was the mexican food super tasty with quality flavors...the service was spectacular!  There was a girl up front with a huge basket of avocados and salsa making fresh guacamole all night!  I think our server's name was Alfonso, who was awesome!  Our appetizers and dinner all came out at once, but we didn't really mind at all.  Alfonso apologized but we let him know that it was totally fine... seriously no bid deal.  Shortly after we started digging in, the manager (with a little earpiece wire) came by our table to check how things were.  We said GREAT so far!  Everything was DELICIOUS!Then I heard Alfonso whisper to his manager that our apps came out the same time from the kitchen.  The manager swung back around and apologized about what happened and said he's going to take off the apps from our bill!!!!!!!!!!!  We didn't even complain and they took care of $20 off our bill, even though they really didn't have to!!!  They really cared about our experience!Then Alfonso was walking by as my colleague said, "I'm cold! I just want some coffee!" and before we can even flag him down to put in her request, he brought her a cup of hot coffee!!!!  We didn't even realize he overheard her!  Amazing.  I'm sure he'll be a super successful businessman with that kind of attentive service!The pulled pork tacos were sooo delicious and came with some herb buttery rice and black beans...mmmm so perfect.  The chipotle salad, taquitos, fish tacos and beef fajitas were all AWESOME!And the FLAN...wow.  Rich, creamy and perrrrfect.The prices were decent for Vegas and I will definitely be back next time I'm in LV!
3	The Skinny: tex-mex food - the tacos are a-ok but skip on the fajitas (3) service: highly variable, depends highly on your server (3) value: it can be okay if you have a coupon (from the parent company, Lettuce Entertain You) but is expensive for what it is full price (3)When we walked in, I thought - oh-oh, another overpriced Strip restaurant catering to the masses. The fact this place shares a kitchen with Stripburger also did not make me excited about this place.  But frankly, in the end, we were pleasantly surprised by the decent quality of the food here.After two visits, we have tried their steak fajitas, two types of fish tacos, carnitas tacos, a salad and their bottomless chips/salsa. The bottomless tray of hot chips ($2.95) were nice...but nothing outstanding. Depending on the time we went, the pico de gallo could taste a little over marinated (lunch was better than dinner). The roasted tomato and the salsa verde were both only okay in my books - really lacking that nice subtle heat and flavour of a really fresh salsa. Given the timing of the main entrees (which tends to take a while), this order can be a godsend if you're hungry.The carnitas ($14.95) and fish tacos were pretty solid renditions. The carnitas were slightly sweet, smoky and lightly dressed. Combined with the beans, it was a nice combination. The fish taco were good in both the fried ($15.95) and grilled ($17.95)  rendition. (Of note: the grilled version was not dry which is hard to find but the serving size is smaller than the fried version) The accompanying cilantro rice is definitely on the drier side I would probably pass on those carbs.I would have to unfortunately comment that the fajitas are a monumental fail. The cast iron skillet that it was served upon scorched the poor veggies into oblivion. As they say, "no es bueno".The chipotle Caesar salad ($5.95) was also disappointing. The creamy chipotle dressing was too heavy, overly smoky and needed much more acidity. It's seemed also a rather poor portion size with scant condiments given that you're paying $6 for it. I kind of expected more pumpkin seeds than I can count on one hand. So pass on this one too. The tres leches is only okay in my books. It comes literally swimming in a large bowl of milk = soggy cake. If they toned down the milk significantly, the texture would definitely benefit a lot.Service can be really hit or miss depending on the time you go and on the server you get. We've had some really good servers but some really slow ones as well. Lunch and weekdays (of course!) are the better times to hit this place.FYI - I would probably skip the tableside gucamole. Watching the gucamole station made me leery because 1) how can it be good when some random person is making the gucamole, 2) the person making it isn't tasting it to make sure it tastes good and 3) there is no handwashing station close by. You have been warned!!!Overall for the Strip, this place is not bad but it isn't great either. If you are a Lettuce Entertain You Member and get coupons in the mail, it can an affordable place. 3 starred review.
4	They have great HH specials including margaritas and tequila shots, street tacos (pork, chicken, or beef), and chips with 3 types of salsa. The service is very friendly, the drinks are strong, and the food is good and decently priced for Vegas. Check this place out for HH on the Strip.
3	The service here was quite horrible, the waiter was constantly suggesting our party of 14 to take shots at like 1PM, which was annoying.One cool thing was that we were seated in our own little room surrounded by all kinds of tequila. I ordered the beef quesadilla, an appetizer, and it wasn't very good. Not much cheese and the meat was difficult to chew. Also ordered the unlimited chips and salsa and small Strawberry margarita. Margarita is good, can't taste the alcohol. Chips comes with three different salsas, medium, mild, spicy, all taste good. One other thing was they over charged our quesadilla by $1, not sure if they hadn't updated the menu or manually typed it in wrong, but that was irritating as well.
3	We stopped in around lunch time on a Saturday, New Year's Eve. My first impression of the menu was that the tacos were ridiculously expensive, $14.95 for chicken and up. The people next to us ordered the beef tacos and the serving seemed to be small, with only two tortillas. In fact, the whole menu seemed pricy, $12.95 for enchiladas? I guess we are spoiled in Texas.We weren't that hungry so we got margaritas--$8.95--but they were very flavorful and worth it. Did not pack that much of a wallop but they were still good. We ordered appetizers only--the wife got the "tableside" guac and it was quite good, but not made tableside. I have no complaints and would get it again. We ordered medium but I think it could have more of a kick. I got the nachos and like most of the country except Texas they came as a pile of chips with stuff scattered here and there. They were good but nothing special. With chicken it came to $12 which is a lot for a pile of chips, of which I ate only half, the half with stuff on them. I am giving the restaurant 3.5 stars for the friendly service, the excellent margaritas, and the above average guac. The salas appears to be homemade and very tasty.
4	It was our first time in vegas in this restaurant the food was the best i have ever had and their margaritas the best. the deserts are delicious.
3	******* 3.5 stars *******I stopped here last night with a coupon from the parent company Lettuce Entertain You.  I sat on the patio.  It was very pleasant with all the LP heaters around and it was fun watching the tourists walking on the Strip.I started with a bowl of tortilla soup.  It was quite good and the service was different.  The bowl was placed on the table.  In it were tortilla strips, avocado cubes, some cilantro, queso fresco, and some pasilla chilis.  The server then poured the soup from a pitcher over the "dry" ingredients in the bowl.  The soup had a very nice flavor and was a good start to the meal.The main dish was the carne asada tacos.  The server had asked how I wanted the steak cooked and it came out rare as ordered.  There were rice, beans, and the steak slices with 5 small soft tacos standing in a metal container.  The beef was good, but the rice and beans were a little bland.  Nothing a little Tapatio couldn't help!  For dessert, I got the chocolate layer cake.  It was a circular chocolate layer cake coated in chocolate with some freshly made whipped cream.  Excellent!  You can tell from my photo that I didn't care for it at all.  I almost asked for a clean straw so I could snort the remaining crumbs.Summary:  The meal was good but it is pricey and not somewhere I'd go without some coupon.  I give it an extra 1/2 star because my server, Tiffany, was absolutely top notch.  Pleasant, friendly, and attentive are good descriptors.  After eating 4 times in the last two weeks at Lettuce Entertain You restaurants in Las Vegas, she was the only person who asked if I was a member of their frequent diners' club.  I was not but I am now thanks to her.  Her level of service kicks my rating up.
5	Pricey but worth it. We sat on the patio which was beautiful since it was just before sundown.For our appetizer we had their guacamole that was made in a traditional stone pot. My guy pal said it was the best hes had in Las Vegas and he grew up with homemade guac.  They can make it mild, medium or spicy also, which is something I've never came by.For dinner, I had the jumbo shrimp fajitas, which came with a side of sour cream, salsa, pico de gallo, and black beans & rice. In the skillet they had char-grilled corn, asparagus, white onions, cherry tomatoes & red peppers.Dessert was recommended by our server: Coconut flan! It was smooth & creamy in texture and the coconut flavor made it all the more perfect.I do have to say, do not get the sangria, I thought it was the worst I've ever had, but the flan made up for it so there.Our server was Marisole who I recommend to request if you ever stop in; she's a sweetheart.Sidenote:This place is also a sister restaurant of mon ami gabi, eiffel town, strip burger, joe's seafood, where you can get a frequent diner club card for points and discounts.
5	Although we were sad to see that our favorite spanish restaurant closed, El Segundo ended up being a nice surprise. They guac is prepared table side and was excellent. Everyone enjoyed our food.
4	Pros:+Good food+Cool atmosphere +Decent happy hour, especially for a weekend+On the stripCons:-Poor service (took 20 minutes for someone to come take our order)Overall:Good restaurant - I'll be going back.
5	They treated us like family at dinner last night, like we were old friends reuniting. This was absolutely the best service I've ever experienced in Vegas and I've been to all the fancy restaurants, stayed at Bellagio, Venetian, Trump, Caesars, Aria... And this restaurant tops them all!Thank you Mark and the whole staff for truly providing superior hospitality, I now remember what that means. We will no doubt be back every time we visit.
4	Talk about some delicious and not-so-expensive food on the strip! Had a great time seated in the patio area....excellent chips and salsa...yes, you have to pay $2.95 for them, but it's enough to feed several people and they are bottomless. My veggie tacos were delish! Fresh grilled veggies, cilantro lime rice, black beans, and some tasty homemade corn tortillas. The staff is super friendly and all of the food is fresh. The fresh made guacamole is a must try as well!My brother's carne asada tacos looked great as well. It was certainly plenty of food and for 2 meals, 2 drinks, chips and salsa it was around $45. Not terrible! Would certainly recommend this place!
5	GREAT HAPPY HOUR!Tequila shots for 3 bucks? COUNT ME IN.The margs are 5 bucksThe food ranges from 2.75-5.00The atomic cheese nachos were good, not great.. But you really can't be picky when they cost 2.75..The quesadillas on the happy hour menu were huge! I thought I'd be getting small portion, but it seriously satisfies like an average meal.
4	A little bit of normaly in Sin City. Located across from the Wynn this is a great spot to getsome good food at understandable prices and not have to wait all night for a seat. Went twice on a recent trip and both times enjoyed the meal. They also have great salsa (3 different styles) with the usual table chips and nice Margaritas (not too tart like most). As a vegetarian I found some choices besides the std veggie quesadilla. Would be a 5 with a little better service and broader menu but would for sure recommend and go back again.
4	Food was awesome. Service left a little to be desired. Waitress got my drink wrong as was extremely slow. Took forever to get guacamole, but it was worth the wait. Forgot to bring us waters after she offered to. Baja fish tacos and chicken nachos. Tacos better. Tasted tomatos salsa awesome. We ate out on the patio and had a niece view of foot traffic going up and down the strip.
4	The $60 lunch price tag was a little scary but when in Vegas...The eats here are delicious.  Bottomless chips?  Sign me up.  The guac is also absolutely amazing, a meal in itself.  Prickly Pear Margarita?  Excellent.  Veggie tacos?  Awesome.  Basically the food itself is incredible but the prices are killer.  We probably could have gone without the guac but it was presented in this manner..."Would like like some bottomless chips and guacamole?"  Bottomless chips for $3 is one thing but $10 guac is something completely different.Loved the ambiance and the outdoor patio.  The patio is nicely shaded from the hot Vegas sun and allows you to stare at passersby on the strip.  Service is pleasant and efficient.I would eat here again but think twice on the appetizers and mixed beverages, which seem a little pricey.
4	Ok. I didn't go for a meal just the happy hour. Went for the chips and salsas$2.95. Great deal. Also had two margaritas. Well made at only $5 each. You can sit in front and people watch. Fun
1	The best thing about this place is the outdoor patio and that's about it. We went during happy hour and had 3 tacos and the nachos. It was absolutely gross and I actually had a huge stomach ache afterwards. Whether the tacos are $3 or 50 cents, it wasn't worth it given the small portions and the overall quality of the food. The service was really slow as well. It was just disappointing in general. Thank goodness we found a much better Mexican Place and I'll review that next.
4	I enjoy good food and good happy hour specials, and El Segundo has them both. I have gone to eat here several times, mostly for happy hour, and have only been just a little bit disappointed. Just a smidge.Happy Hour: Truly one of the best on the strip. GREAT food selection (go straight to the chicken, pork or beef tacos, DO NOT PASS GO), margaritas are delicious, not too sweet, not bland or watered down with mix. Service is good each time we go to El Segundo. We love the nachos, not too much cheese, love the jalepenos for that extra kick without being too aggressive. GET THE CRAB TOSTADA. REAL crab, not heavy on the mayo or dressing, PERFECT. YUM. NOW. HH gives you food in the perrfect size. It is a great HH, and perfect for a few quick bites to refuel while running amock on the strip.Inside Restaurant: Now here is where my desire to give only three stars comes into play. Since I was so used to the delicious street tacos and nacos and oh yes, that crab tostada I was a little displeased with the restaurant fare. I strongly dislike, borderline HATE overcooked food. I've done it before, but that was in the privacy of my own home and rarely at a restaurant. The shrimp was VERY overcooked. Disappointed, especially since the shrimp were plump and looked delicious sitting on the fajita plate. Maybe it sat for too long? Heat lamp cooking? I got my way through it by smothering the shrimp with their DELICIOUS cilantro rice (seriously, I could have eaten a copious amount of that rice) and beans. However, the next time I came back and had the chicken tacos? SAME THING. DRY. Oh, I just don't think that dry chicken should ever be served to a table. If someone could say the food on their plate is dry, DO NOT SERVE IT. Even by looking at it I could see that it was dry.However, between their killer happy hour and their AMAZING AMAZING AMAZINGA tableside guacamole, I'm confident in the 4 stars here. Go for HH, get some guacamole, chips and salsa, nachos with chicken, crab tostada and some street tacos and you'll be good to go until later that night when you're struggling to hold down the contents of your stomach after one too many Hurricanes.
3	Happy hour food menu is OK at best but drinks are great! I had nachos, tacos and cheese quesadilla and only really enjoyed quesadilla. Just get food from other places and have margaritas from El Segundo Sol! margaritas were bomb and I will come back here for it again!
2	Amazing guacamole!  But the service is kind of meh and the entrees are so-so.  For drinks and apps I'd give it a 4 but for an actual meal, especially one where you want more than one glass of water or iced tea, I think a 2 is about right.
4	Funny that after all these years visting Las Vegas I had never been here before. My friend YM from Lyon France suggested it. They have a killer happy hour with excellent margaritas and really cheap eats. The 3$ tacos looked excellent. We had dinner the night we were there and the guacamole was worth the extra $$ its fantastic. All the food was great and the portions were huge. El Segundo is an oasis of value and excellent service in a sea of overpriced casino restaurants add it to your list next time your in LV.
2	Pros- Mexican food directly across the street from our hotel ( The Wynn )- Chips & salsa had 3 different salsas. They were all pretty good and none of them were way too hot.-The frozen margaritas were awesome ! -The plastic to-go cup for my frozen cocktail-Quaisadia's !  They were awesome both times Cons-The SERVICE ! It was horrible !First time it was our servers attitude - she was a bitch. Second time - i sat alone waiting for someone to come by and take my drink order- I had a magazine And was on page 39 before someone came by. I was pissed ! I would of left but I was starving, hot & thirsty. Finally she came over, didn't even apologize for my wait ! Then I waited some more .....BottomLine / food and drinks were good ( except the organic margarita/ it was nasty And my GF sent it back ) So if you think its worth shit service for pretty good food / then check it out.Otherwise go to one of thousands of Other food places in Vegas / places that have both good food & great service .
2	Third time is NOT the charm. Before starting a shopping spree, my best friend & I dropped in for some sustenance. We sat in the bar so we could partake in the happy hour menu (smaller portions, 4-7p, served in the bar only). This was after the hostess was nowhere to be found. Our waitress took my friend's margarita order, walked a couple yards to the bar then brought the wrong flavor. Then we ordered "2 chicken quesadillas & 2 chicken street tacos". Easy! Yet, somehow, we didn't get everything we ordered. Strike 2. Strike 3? Did I see our waitress roll her eyes!? Quite frankly, we should have eaten at the Chipotle inside the Fashion Show Mall. Their food, service & guacamole are much better.
5	Thanks Amigos and Amigas for the terrific evening!!!!! Service friendly and fast as usual.... xooox Pamila
3	Such a great atmosphere, unfortunately the nachos were not piled high with adequate toppings.  Totally should have ordered the table side guacamole.
4	The service here was great! Our waiter was very attentive. and was able to get us in and out with apps in under an hour! The food was pretty basic american mexican, but still tasted good. Not much spice. I really enjoyed the crab tostados. The enchiladas were predictable, but I did order enchiladas so I guess that is what I was looking for.  The portion sizes were very generous. and The rice was delicious!
4	GLORIA, GLORIA, GLORIA!!! So, the previous night a few of us went to STK and the service that Gloria provided was by far above and beyond what we had experienced the night before.  She was attentive, colorful and made an AWESOME guacamole.  Having owned several restaurants coast to coast you get a good feel of what people can turn into and she definitely will be in a management role the way she is going.  If you end up at El Segundo please ask for her, to guarantee, that you will receive top notch service.  As for the food, well, there's some need for improvement.  I understand that this a chain on the strip, and everything is measured, but when I order TACOS I want my meat over flowing.  I don't want some anorexic looking taco! I had three different types and I wouldn't order them again. Don't get me wrong, they had good flavor, but don't be cheap with the meat.Drinks were priced competitively, $5 Shots of Cazadores, $3 beers and I forget the rest because I had one too many shots! Anyhow, I thought it was a nice gesture that Gloria introduced us to the General Manager who in turn bought us a round of shots.  Usually, its the girls who get the FREE drinks, so we were happy that we finally got a hook up! The pour cost for the 3 shots is probably 70-90 cents each, so even though they ended up losing $2.70 at most, because of their generosity we will definitely be back to spend some more $$$ the next time we are in Vegas.  Great service, great happy hour special!!
3	Great happy hour prices and decent food, but the service was very slow especially when the restaurant/bar wasn't even that busy.   The chips and salsa were good - liked trying 3 different salsas.  The street tacos, tortilla soup and quesadillas were pretty good as well.
4	was looking for somewhere to sit & enjoy a nice happy hour while watching playoffs  decided on a decent mexican food restaurant that happen to be located on the strip in Vegas . Must say for a happy hour i left satisfied couldve done without the beef street tacos but id double back on the steak quesadillas
5	This is my second review of El Segundo.  My first review was less than stellar.  The great part was the owner and general manager reached out to me to discuss the problems I had at the restaurant.  These guys are terrific and have excellent customer service skills.  They very politely asked if I could come back and enjoy the restaurant once again because I was an avid advocate of this establishment until I had a poor experience on my last visit.First let me state that my return trip was excellent.  I went there with a friend and everyone from the hostess, the waiter to the manager provided excellent service.  And the food was perfect.  For the appetizer I ordered the traditional chips and salsa.  If you have not tried this you should.  The chips come with three types of salsa: a hot, mild and a Verde.  They are all excellent.  I ordered the tuna tacos which came with rice and red beans and a few mixed drinks.  I ordered the tacos since that is something I've not had before and wanted to venture into uncharted territory.  The food did not disappoint.  I highly recommend  El Segundo to anyone who likes Mexican Food along with a fun environment
4	Excellente mango margarita is a little on the sweet side, but prickly pear is not only pretty in color but yummy!
5	We started with chips and guac.  It was tops.  Warm freshly made chips cooked dark and with the right amount of salt.  Three salsa styles: rojo, tomatillo and fresca, all of which were well made.  Frozen machine margs were the right mix of sweet, tart, cold and plenty strong (unlike most machine margs).  The margs are what took it from 4 to 5 stars.  Fish tacos with house made corn tortillas, also tops.  Great tortillas, properly cooked and spiced grilled fish, nice sides and condiments.  Cold crab mini tostada appetizers were also good.  Great service and seating options.  I'm hard pressed to complain about any part of my experience at El Segudo Sol.
4	Super delish bottomless chips and salsa!!! You get three kinds of salsa to dip your tasty, salted chips into, and at only $2.95, you can't beat it!  The prices of their entrees and other appetizers are a bit over-priced.  The staff is super friendly, and the manager came by our table three times to ask if we needed anything...we'll definitely be back!
4	I have been twice - once just for happy hour, and once for dinner. I'll review both.HAPPY HOUR - Awesome! Amazing chips and other apps, and good drinks! I stuck with beer, but my BF tried their margaritas. They were good! This is definitely one of my top places to go for HH. I love places with a good vibe, clean, and easy!DINNER - made reservations the day of for a party of 11. When we got there, they had given us the private room! Yay! Our waitress was ah-maz-ing! She divided our check so each person's order was sub-totaled; fantastic when you are dealing with people who have been drinking for the past two hours. I only got their version of the garden salad because I filled up on chips and drinks! The salad was very tasty though, and used quality ingredients. Everyone was very satisfied with their food - those that got the house rice were especially raving about its taste. My GF order "The Big Stick" in 32oz. Huge, pretty, and yummy if sugary drinks are your thing. Definitely fun to look at though!During both visits, all employees were attentive and helpful. The prices are very reasonable, and the serving sizes are perfect so you don't have to worry about being too stuffed to fit into your club gear!
5	I'm a local and make the drive to the strip for El Segundo. Super conveniently located on the east end of the Fashion Show Mall, so perfect for a quick bite while shopping or a nice night out.  Very friendly management and staff...Vegas is usually unbearably hot in the summer so they've always made it a point to be sure we were comfortable and not sweating into our food (always prefer to dine on patio).. Plus their guacamole is delicious (they let you choose how spicy you want it--perfect for me). I've gone there at least a handful of times and never regret it when I leave, except for overeating! :) p.s. Go for the fish tacos in a lettuce cup and a margarita.. Nom Noms :)
5	My boyfriend and I came in recently for date night after hearing plenty about it from friends. Food was awesome and generously portioned. Full bar so I took advantage but my boyfriend doesn't drink so he ordered a virgin margarita.. absolutely delicious without that syrup-like taste that other places usually have. Showed up early for our reservation and were seated right away, definitely a plus considering that almost never happens on the strip. Staff was super nice and even though it was busy, we didn't feel rushed at all which was great. Overall an awesome experience. We'll be sure to come back again next time we're craving mexican food on date night :)
3	You may have heard this before :"Just Ok" That is exactly how I feel about El Segundo. Service was pretty mediocre, with the server not really seeming to want to be there and just an overall feeling of 'slow' from everyone including the manager on duty. The Happy Hour Prices are good enough, but the food is bland and not really very exciting. I know that you can't exactly expect too much from Mexican Style" Happy Hour done on a corporate scale.. but you can hope.  My hopes were crushed. My dreams have changed...lol. I now stick the old favorites where I get the authentic stuff. I am not anticipating a trip back to El Segundo.. but if I ever get back there, I  hope it is a better experience! Happy Eating!
4	Been here three times now and all three have been wonderful. Good service, good food, and nice environment. As far as cost is concerned much like the rest of Vegas prices are higher. But this is easily controlled by using a restaurant.com coupon. Portion size is very reasonable and the table side guacamole is a big hit with us.
1	The food was decent. They charge for chips and salsa! And while the  margaritas taste good, there's barely any alcohol in them. The steak fajitas were 20 bucks and barely had enough beef for 3 roll ups. The scenery was great tho, just a shame that the juice is not worth the squeeze.
4	This is what Chevy's wishes it was but never will be...We were tired of the buffet and steak house places so we walked across the street from the Wynn and ventured in here.  What a wonderful and pleasant surprise.  First let me get it out of the way, this place is pricey, entrees are around $20 and margaritas $10 and up.  But the food quality and portions more than make up for that.  We first went with the chips and salsa, you get 3 salsas, a classic pico de gallo, a green one and a spicy red.  All were fresh and delicious and the chips are the thick homemade kind that were oh so good.  We then ordered the queso fundido (with chorizo) and that thing was huge and very good.  It includes some mini handmade corn tortillas that go well with the cheese.  My husband also ordered the tortilla soup which was hearty and tasty.  I went with the shrimp and steak fajitas as my main dish and my husband had the chicken enchiladas.  I must say I typically don't care about rice but this rice is awesome, so incredibly flavorful topped off with pico de gallo.  The margaritas we had were very good too, the big stick one was yum.  This place is decorated very nice too, it almost made me think I was in the Mayan Riviera.  I also like the private tequila dining room, very nice for a large dinner party.  This is a good option for Mexican food on the strip and I would return again.
4	Food is great! price is good! drinks are cheap!  What more can you ask for? The best baja fish tacos I've ever had! yummm!
3	I would do 3.5 if that was an option, though. This place gets a bump b/c of outdoor seating which allows for excellent people watching. The food is very good, although not particularly special. Same for the drinks. Maybe it's because I've never been for happy hour, to experience the specials, but for the prices I wanted more... more flavor, bigger margarita, chips and salsas on the table... We ordered the queso fundito, which is my less preferred option to queso dip, but it was tasty with nice hints of roasted peppers in it. Then I had the shrimp fajitas, and my friend has the steak/chicken fajitas combo. Service was good, but not standout.I loved Cafe Ba Ba Reeba that lived here before, and I don't think El Segundo Sol has quite filled those shoes.
5	mmmmmmm yummieIf the weather is nice sit outside. They also share a kitchen w/ the restaurant next store so you can order off 2 different menus in case you don't feel like Mexican.Table side Guac is my friend :) Their fajitas are huge and very tasty [I uploaded some pix].Fried fish tacos are off the chain and not in the diet but definitely a cheat food!  Everyone was very happy with their meals and sitting outside on a nice day can't be beat!!!!
4	The atmosphere was fun.  Food was great and the margarita's were fantastic!
5	I'm giving this place 5 stars mainly for one reason - the chips and salsa. We went twice in one weekend, first for a late night snack and again the next day for happy hour, because I am in love with their charred tomato salsa, sooo good! The chips are great too, oh and did I mention the chips and salsa is bottomless? Not just during happy hour either, and for $2.95 its a great deal. I can't speak for any other food, but everything that came out of the kitchen looked great. We also had great service from the bartenders both visits.We probably wouldn't have tried this place if we weren't staying at the Wynn since its right across the street from it (on the edge of Fashion Show mall), but I'm so glad we did. We'll definitely be making this a regular stop anytime we're in Vegas!
4	Our food was good and we had good service.  It's a cute place especially for a "mall"  restaurant.
5	EASILY, THE BEST MEXICAN FOOD ON THE STRIP!Overall one of my favorite restaurants in vegas, everything is amazing, EVERYTHING, tacos, taquitos, micheladas, margaritas, great beer selection,  The food is a little pricey but it's well worth it.  I recommend just eating at the bar area and enjoying the view of the strip.  Love this place!!  Start off with a Modelo Especial michelada and order anything off of the menu and you'll start the day/night off right!!   Portions are a little small so if you're a fat slob that just wants a ton of food, you might not want to eat here.
2	Fairly average Mexican food with below average service.Sat in the bar area... couldn't get anyone to serve us so had to go up to the bar to order all our stuff. Even at the bar was ignored for a while with staff was taking care of putting beers in fridge, cleaning glasses, etc.Food was ok... the salsa wasn't great, but the guacamole was good. I ordered fajitas and thought they were decent, well at least everything except the tortillas. Didn't give me option of corn or flour tortillas and I can't eat flour so ended up eating just the protein, since tracking someone down to ask to swap them was clearly not an option.The only plus was ample people-watching of passerbys.
4	Easy walking access from strip or fashion show mall. Have dined here twice. Both times enjoyed the chicken tacos. Authentic fresh corn tortillas. Fresh chicken. Good flavor. Typical Vegas prices. I suggest spending $3 and getting the endless chips and salsa- worth it.
2	The good things about this place are the location and the fact the food is decent. This restaurant is located in the Fashion Mall, right in the happening part of the Las Vegas Strip across from the Wynn. The enchiladas that I got were also pretty good.The only bad things about this place are that it's pricey, and in my opinion you don't really get enough for what you're paying. I understand that the fact that it is on the strip would make it more expensive, but they could at least provide some free chips and salsa. Most other Mexican restaurants do!
3	Service was slow. The pulled chicken on my nachos was cold. The braised beef was very chewy. Portions were alright. Prices were also so so.
5	I absolutely love El Segundo. As a local I'm always looking for a new hot spot with good specials that's not in a hotel. They have an AMAZING happy hour.  You can't beat $5 margaritas and you'll probably only need two at the most because man are they strong! The Big Stick is my favorite. Bartenders are friendly, helpful and cheery. The managers are always nice as well. They have quesadillas, nachos, chips& salsa and tacos on their happy hour menu. My friends and I always like to come down before we go out on the town. Great atmosphere. It's open to the strip so you can get some people watching in and the strip energy comes in. They have TVs in the bar area, so you're able to catch a game as well if that's your thing.As for their regular menu they have delicious dishes as well. Granted, it's not at Chevy's prices but it's good quality and tastes awesome. Definitely cheaper than a lot of places on the strip! Must try the guacamole as well, it's made fresh and it's very tasty! I've always experienced excellent service as well as delicious food. I definitely recommend this place.
3	Decent mexican food and good table-side guacamole, but like most places on the strip it is just overpriced.  I've been here and Border Grill and thought both were decent but I wouldn't make either a regular stop.  El Segundo is a okay stop though if you want to sit in an outdoor setting and get some drinks and socialize or even keep your eye on a sporting event.
4	Happy hour special: $5 margs and $4 chips and salsa. This is about the best deal I found in Vegas. The margs were strong so it only takes a couple. I would love to get food here next time but the appetizers alone were great. I also loved the atmosphere! It was a little quiet in the restaurant, which was a nice break from the Strip, but they still have televisions in the bar area where it seemed to be busy. I plan on coming back on my next trip out!
1	Second time at this place and the food is just lack luster as last time. The Piled High Nachos were dry as a bone and the chips were burnt! The small amount of cheese they provided had solidified by the time they got to the table. The shredded beef tasted of nothing and was dried the f**k out! How could they screw up such a simple dish. I'm trying to have a good time with friends and that sad pile of nachos was too depressing to look at. I told them to take it back. I won't even get into the service it wasn't terrible, but why bother.I'm coming to realize that  Mexican food served on the Vegas Strip does not do any one any favors. Everyone thinks Mexican food should be good, priced fairly and served in an adequate portion. Fast service and free chips and salsa are just par for the course. El Segundo Sol never scores high in any of the categories. Ever!I heard of a happy hour and the bartender said it's only outside at Stripburger (same company) in the cold, dreary rain. She actually recommended we sit outside in the cold rain by heat lamps! What's wrong with people?
3	My biggest complaint is that the restaurant was FREEZING!!! I realize it's winter, but the AC was on inside. The pico and guac were delicious! I also got the fish tacos which were great. The ceviche wasn't what we expected... Not bad though. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here to eat, but I would come back again.
3	I am tainted by the plethora of Mexican restaurants in San Diego. To me this is an average to slightly below average place to grab some Mexican food. The fajitas I ordered were dry and dosed in copious amounts of salt. The tortilla tasted like the kind that come from the grocery store. They were bland. This is an instant removal of one star for any Mexican restaurant. Any decent Mexican restaurant makes their tortilla from scratch. It's really not difficult and it does not take a lot of time. My wife had the enchiladas which were just as forgettable. El Segundo gets two and half stars so I am rounding up to three. The margaritas and the service were the best of this restaurant. I won't be coming back unless it's for drinks.
1	I have been here for dinner 6 times over the last year and I keep hoping that the food will get better and it never has , it gets worse every time ... will never go back and I don't recommend to anyone it is expensive for the quality and the tap waterthe serve you warm is terrible .....
2	Pretty disappointing. Was given a gift card so we checked it out. Slow greet.Fast appetizer. Slow food. Cold food. Still waiting for the check. Oh well, we tried.
3	guac table side, yummy! Pizza quesadilla, yummy!!! Was in a rush to the airport wish I coulda stayed longer to try more things, the atmosphere is great for a strip restaurant.
3	Was here with the wife and a dear friend. To be honest, I would have had a great evening at Taco Bell just because of the company.Service was a bit slow, and they weren't that busy. Lots of options for tequila. I had a margarita with Don Julio Reposado, and it was exactly what I expected. They offer tableside guacamole (which really is just an expensive way of proving your guac didn't come from a Sysco container). The guac was good, but not spectacular. Chips were fresh, but not hot. I admit I am a snob when it comes to tortilla chips. The salsa options were all pretty bland.My entree was forgettable. But my wife's tacos were really good. So I guess those are hit or miss. All in all, the experience could have been better. I think this is one of those places where if you find a dish you really like, you can have a consistently great experience. But it's just as likely you will be disappointed on your first visit.
3	The name of this place should be La Segunda Luna simply because of the fact that it felt like darkness had fallen on the restaurant and we were trapped in a solar eclipse. El Segundo Sol is located at the front of the Fashion Show Mall next to RA Sushi.When we first walked it, there was a sign in the front to text a number to obtain drink and food specials. It is a scam to sign up for regular spam texts pertaining to this restaurant. We thought by texting that it would give us some sort of a discount. They should be upfront up with this instead of misleading the public.They sat us in a booth but the service was really slow. It took them a long time to get to our table to order our food, bring out our food, and especially bring out our check. It wasn't really that busy so I wonder why they were so slow. I thought my chicken fajita platter was pretty good but overall I wasn't really impressed with the restaurant due to its service and ambiance.
5	Used to like this place a lot but unfortunately, one too many bad experiences will keep me from going back! SERVICE here SUCKS!!!!! Waited 30 mins for our bill after we were finished with all our food!  Waitress walked by 6 times without acknowledging us at all. Unacceptable!!!! Finally grabbed the manager who acted like was going to do us a favor and he returned with a comp for chips and salsa?  Are you kidding me??? Wont return here until they learn a thing or two about customer service!!!!!!Update 8/7/13:  I returned here after some encouragement from Ross Buter (partner/owner) and I am glad that I did!  I have changed my original review from 1 star all the way to 5 now!  They have made some outstanding changes since I had visited here.  We were immediately met with a hostess and led to our table.  We had a wonderful and pleasant waitress by the name of Adeline who immediately took our drink order, and continued to give great service throughout our meal.  We also met Ross here personally on this visit, as he was helping out in the restaurant the day we went back.  We also had a manager come over and introduce himself and speak briefly with us.  Overall, great improvements to once very lousy service.  The food has always been excellent and now the service finally matches.  Great job and we will continue to be loyal customers!
1	Not good service at all...waited 10 min to be seated, didnt get a waitress for another 10 mins...and wasn't attentive the entire meal! I'm astonished by such bad service for the price of the meals.
5	Beautiful. Chicken enchiladas were awesome and the portion size was perfect.
4	We ran out of all fast food choices as they closed at 9pm or so... and we just came out of La Reve show in Wynn.  We decided to go to this place and we all loved it.We ordered the following:Chicken Fajitas: Pretty good... one of the better tasting ones.Veggie Quesadillas: My Mom liked them.Chili Rellenos: My wife liked them.The guacamole that quesedillas and fajitas came with (though very little quantity wise) was out of the world.The rice that they gave with fajitas was awesome and the waiter was kind to give extra plate of rice for no charge.
5	LOVE the carnitas...quality and flavorful beef.. Reasonably priced.. and I am confident it was NOT horse meat... We ALL need to be careful of quality these days.. sometimes it pays to spend a few extra dollars on quality and trusting the brand.. IE Lettuce Entertain You..... also we enjoyed terrific service....
3	I Have been to your restaurant at least 20 times in the last 6 months and I love the food and some of the service.  Overall Chris, the outside bartender and Dave the inside bartender.  Ross is a great Partner. I have a few issues with this restaurant.  First of all Sue must be the rudest person I have ever came across in the restaurant industry. 2nd I have been coming there for 6 months and Marcel knows me and my wife and never makes an effort to even say hi or comp me a drink.  We are locals and repeat customers which is rare on the strip.  I have lived here for over 8 years and I like the food and service but my suggestion is that some people in this restaurant need to be more friendly to the customers.  I definitely come there less often then I used to because of Marcel and Sue.  As a matter of fact I have been coming there since Sue was a bartender.  BTW whenever she poured me a drink I had to do a double because she pours such a weak drink.  This review is not  to complain but rather to hope El segundo gets better employees that care about their customers like Dave and Chris.Thanks
4	Yum!  We don't have Mexican food like this in Eugene, Oregon. Being a So Cal native I have missed good quality Mexican.  The chips they serve are fresh fried and delicious. The salsa, pico de gallo and green sauce all came with the chips. We ordered table side guacamole and it was the best quacamole I've ever had not to mention it came in a large bowl. A meal in itself for my hubby and me. The braised beef tacos melted in our mouths. The only thing negative is it is a little pricey. But worth it!
5	Most delicious mex food on strip. Fresh and generous portions. Love corn tortillas guac and carnitas...
4	I will have to admit that these guys have earned my business again , I was contacted by the general manager and he was very apologetic and he wanted to know what the full problem was , We discussed and he said he would make notes and pass it along ..We decided to go back again and try it last week and i must say that they redeemed themselves the food had a whole new array of flavor and it was how it used to taste , there still could be some improvements in how organized the wait staff is other than that I'm a fan again!! Good job
1	I really wanted to love this place, but it was one of the most disappointing experiences I've ever have ever had in a restaurant. I celebrated my birthday there with 25 people, and not only would we never go back, but we would never recommend it to anyone again, especially groups. The food was great, but the service was so bad, and the management's failure to take any responsibility at all makes this a 1-star maximum experience.We arrived at 6:45, and almost immediately noticed that the waitress servicing our tables was woefully understaffed (she was servicing at least 6 large groups). It took 15-20 minutes just for chips and guacamole to come out, forgetting about any drinks. When we arrived, I let the waitress know that it was critical that we were out of the restaurant by 8:15 - we had an event immediately afterwards (and this is mexican food - an hour and a half is reasonable). Additionally, I let her know to take the food orders first, because that typically takes the longest.We placed our food order at 7PM, followed shortly after by drink orders. The drinks took a half hour to 40 minutes to come out (multiple drinks were delivered to the wrong people) - I finally had to follow up with the hostess and ask what was going on, because I couldn't even find the waitress. I'm sorry, but 40 minutes to get a ginger ale doesn't fly with me - it's inexcusable. At 7:45 I asked her to process the checks for all tables (we had 5 tables, so 5 checks) so we can make sure we are out for 8:15. At 7:50, I'm really getting nervous - not one plate of food has come out. The first plate didn't arrive till 8:05, and it took another 40 MINUTES for them to bring out the last check. The last portion of the group wasn't out until 8:50 - over a half hour late to our next event causing us precious time.The worst part of the whole experience was that the manager refused to comp or acknowledge anything was wrong. I asked multiple times to speak to the general manager and the hostess and waitress flat out refused. The restaurant offered a meek apology and blamed the kitchen, when it was clearly not their fault (especially for drink orders).Long story short, if you're in a big group, avoid this place like the plague.
5	I'm a strip local and this is one of my favorite Mexican joints. I'm here at least a couple times per week.The food here is less expensive but of equal quality to other Mexican restaurants on the strip (e.g. Javier's @ Aria, Diegos @ MGM).The counter servers are fantastic. Dave and Torrey in particular provide consistently excellent service.Only downside is that unlike most Mexican joints, they charge for chips and salsa.Highly recommended!
4	A group of friends and I reserved space in their "Ventana Room" to celebrate a bachelor party.  We couldn't have had a better experience.  First and foremost, our event coordinator -- Dusty -- was absolutely amazing.  Her assistance was invaluable, as she helped us put together the perfect party (excellent tips for menu selection, adding personal touches to everything, etc.)  Food was solid (fish tacos and tableside guac were especially great), service was outstanding, and the margaritas were  killer.  Are there fancier and more lavish places on the strip?  Absolutely.  But for a fun atmosphere, and a great spot for a private group reservation, I highly recommend Segundo.
4	In a good way, I was surprised by this place. I was expecting 'meh' food since I was on the strip and I feel like people go easy on Mexican food but I really did like it here. I had the Grilled Fish Tacos. They were great and as were the sauces that came with it. I also really like their Spicy Guacamole. We were a party of about 25. They didn't have a table to hold a group that big but they gave us our own section so it worked out. I'll come back if I'm near this part of the strip again!
4	Both service and food were good.  Not authentic, but the flavor was there.  A bit pricey, maybe due to location. But overall, the experience was favorable; in addition, we used a restaurant.com certificate.
2	Came here for lunch because it was convenient.  It's a pretty restaurant.  With the openness and tree lights, etc.  Food was fine.  I liked the presentation of the chips and three types of salsa on a baking sheet.  I'm going to steal that idea.  I was happy they served sangria.  Service was very attentive.
3	I'm a frequent Vegas visitor but I rarely eat at places that are on the Strip because I'm a bit too cheap for that. However, since this one seemed more moderately priced and because my husband and I were staying within walking distance and we were starving, we decided to check it out. We ate out on the patio, which was a great choice. I really liked the ambiance of it, with the lights hung overhead and the fake tree branches. And it was cool to be able to look out at the Strip (or at least what we could see of it). I got the tacos and it was the best choice I could have made. The plate came out with every possible topping I could have wanted for tacos and everything was piping hot. The tortillas seemed fresh and tasted better than a lot of tortillas I've had. The chicken was well seasoned, and the salsa was pretty good too. I think our waiter had been assigned too many tables though because it took forever for him to even take our order, and then to bring us our check when we were done. But, that aside, it was an experience I would definitely like to repeat!
5	We have been frequently visiting the outdoor bar at El Segundo.. We have had AMAZING service here! Jenna and or Dave has helped us every time and they give the best customer service! The food and drinks are fantastic but we come back just for the amazing service.
4	Food is good. Drinks are even better. Sometimes the staff can be a little forgetful. Lovely atmosphere.
1	No no no And no, am mexican And i don't expect that much about mexican restaurants in the states, but come on! In vegas strip, You can expect a little more. Parmessan in top of a flauta??? Naaaah! Service is very poor, they expect too much from a customer and they don't give good service, this mulate girl was my server last Tuesday (28) and the prices are not worthy, I'm gonna upload some pics so you can feel my disappointment thumbs down for this one
3	Decent Tex-Mex. I tried the Tres Tacos with carne asada  -- it was actually very good.  The taquitos were okay too. My margarita was very good. So much so that I had another. My expectations weren't high, but I was pleasantly surprised.
3	Food was okay - not great, but good - the real reason to be here is to eat outside and have great drinks with good service.  I had the fish taco's which were flavorful and served with soft tortilla's which was a nice touch - but the rice and beans were virtually tasteless.  Also - if you want chips and salsa, they dont give them too you  - you have to order - and when you order you get a mountain full of them with great variety of salsa - but not cheap if you just want a few chips....All in all - decent place for meal, better place for some apps and drinks.... and great service....
2	Being a concierge, I really, really wanted to love this place.  I decided to try it one day after work and invited a friend along.  The service was horrible.  Since it was Happy Hour, you have to sit in the bar area, which we did.  The hostess greeted us with "are there 4 more people joining you"?  We told her no, but there were no smaller tables, and we are more than happy to let someone else sit with us, if needed.  She kind of gave us a dirty look and walked away.  About 5 minutes later, she silently filled our water glass, and gave us menus... the REGULAR menu, and walked away, again, in silence.  When she finally reappeared, we asked if we cold possibly get the HAPPY HOUR menu.  Instead of just getting it and bringing it over, she had the young man who was busy taking drink orders bring it to us...ten minutes later (not his fault, he in fact, was the only redeeming thing about the place).  We ordered a few appetizers, which were actually very good.  The chips, salsas, and guac, were fantastic,  the margaritas were wonderful.   We ate, drank and vowed never to return.I decided to give them one more chance.  So I went again, this time, just for some drinks.  I sat at the bar and was ignored by the "bartender" for several minutes (she wasn't busy).  Finally, she approached me and asked what I wanted.  She wasn't very friendly.  (Hey management, apparently, your staff don't like their jobs, hire some people who would be grateful to have one).Sorry El Segundo, I will not be recommending this establishment to any guest of mine.  You will find them all next door, at Strip Burger, with the fun, cool bartender and awesome wait staff.Soon after writing this reveiw, the owner/partner of the establishment reached out to me to apologize for my experience.  I cannot even describe how very cool that is.  I am only sorry I just noticed this today and not six months ago.  I feel it is only fair to mention this, as it speaks volumes that he took time to address my concerns.  My apologies to him for taking so long to respond.
3	Food was alright.  I had the seafood taco platter and it was claimed to be amazing.  I wasn't amazed, but enjoyed it nonetheless.  Ambience and music was excellent.margaritas were nice and strong.service was ok.
1	Attitude and crap service are pretty spot on here.  Plenty of other mexican joints to eat at.  But if you really want to eat overlooking the strip I would just head upstairs to maggianos.
5	I heard this was the best place to get Mexican food on the strip so being the foodie that I am, I optimistically accepted the challenge. At first I thought, how good can a place be that's located at the mall. Seriously? So I brought my group with me to put this rumor to the test.  In short, we were all blown away. Our food was fresh, flavorful and unique.  Each dish we ordered had its own El Segundo Sol flair to popular Mexican dishes. It was so good that we stuffed ourselves silly. We couldn't stop! From friendly staff and excellent customer service to delicious appetizers, drinks, meals and desserts, I would highly recommend this place. The rumor is true- this is the best Mexican food on the strip and I'm now a lifetime fan and customer. Take a gamble, grab a drink on the patio, order a few things and enjoy this hidden LV gem.
5	Loved the happy hour
5	By far the best guacamole we've ever had.  Excellent food.  Remarkable service.  The manager came over to check on us.  Very conveniently located (across the street from Wynn).  Not too busy either.
4	Had the rib eye tacos. Beef was tender and tasted great. Had the tres leches cake which delicious! Service was also very good.
4	Food and Service was excellent.  This place is close to the Trump/Wynn/Encore and in the Fashion Mall area.  While you sit and eat you have a great view of the Wynn and Encore.  The Margaritas were great.  If you are starving I recommend the chips and salsa starter, which is only 3 bucks and gives you a lot of salsas and homemade chips to start with.
5	Great
3	El segundos is a classic tex mex joint located in the fashion show mall right on Las Vegas Blvd. Location: check. On a Sunday evening our party had seating in the air open patio area under the trees. It was 40 degrees but they had a huge array of water misters to keep us cool. Add to that a nice flavour of energetic beats really led to a casual and fun ambiance. I would recommend the strawberry margaritas which do contain a few fresh strawberries. I also had a quesadilla but instead of meat they let me sub it with ahi tuna. Not super amazing but a solid appy.Others in my group had fajitas' plate, where you get a bunch of tortillas and you make your own fajitas.  I commend them on having a full assorted of sauces and toppings, which included guac, sour cream, two types of salsa (one regular, one spicy), beans and hot chilli peppers.Another thing, it's huge. So that means rarely do you have to wait for seating. Overall a well rounded mexican place that is low maintenance, fun and good for all ages.
5	Mexican food in Vegas is seriously overrated, but searched Mexican food on yelp and picked this place w almost 200 reviews. The food was so delicious! I had the chicken enchiladas. Excellent choice! I seriously ate the entire plate! Service wasn't that great, but I'll come again!
4	My wife, kids, and mom and I ate here Friday night.  We had the chips and salsa, crab tostadas, quesadillas, tamales, shrimp and steak fajitas, and tortilla soup.  The chips were the only thing that were not good.  They were just okay.   Everything else was fantastic.  My wife enjoyed her big stick margarita, I enjoyed my margarita primero, and my mom enjoyed her classic margarita.  The most tasty items were the steak with the steak fajitas, the crab tostadas, and the tamales.  The salsas were very good too.This local will go back to Segundo again!Kid friendly too.
4	Was here for their happy hour, all the staff was very attentive and efficient, fast service, good food. I will definitely come back again.
5	This place was so good the guacamole was so yummy the best I ever had they make it right there In front of you spicy and Regular... And let's not talk about the drinks OMG!!I know I will be back
5	OH MY GOD. I love love LOVED this place. I had the Mahi Mahi tacos and they were soooo delicious. The boyfriend had some sort braised pork tacos and practically liked his plate. Also, we didn't have the guacamole but I passed it and it looked ahhhhhmazing.Now, not only was their food incredible, but their drinks were too!!! I am not a margarita fan. At. All. They're way too syrupy sweet for me but their Cucumber Mint Margarita was to die for. I HIGHLY recommend this place. Definitely as good as it gets:)
5	yum yum yum! love this place
3	Good stuff here! Good Sangria!  We went here for dinner on a Friday evening and found a table relatively quickly. Chicken enchilada was pretty good and really don't have any complaints about the place.  Service and food were good. Would return.
3	Food was good, margaritas were not. Was a nice alternative to hotel dining at the Wynn since we weren't able to get a reservation. Check it out for happy hour!
5	High recommendation for the Big Stick margarita. Wow. As beautiful and delicious as a margarita can be. I also give high remarks for the nachos, which also had a fantastic presentation and were some of the best nachos I have ever had in my life.
5	Awesome. Great service and incredibly fresh Mexican food. You have to try the guacamole and the endless chips.
5	Omg!  This place rocks.  Delicious and fresh magaritas, none of that syrupy crap.  The happy hour $3 tacos and $5 margaritas are amazing.  Definitely get the Baja fish taco, small but packed with tons of flavor!
4	Came here late on a Friday night and pretty starving since we had just arrived in the long car ride.  This place was recommended by a local and she said this place had amazing Mexican food.  We came at like 10:30ish (I think) and was seated outside.  They covered up the overhang ceiling with fake trees and lights and you'd think it'd sound weird but it was kind of cute.On to the food... we got chips and salsa, and gucamole as an appetizer.  We each ordered different margaritas to try and I had the organicos one with all organic ingredients (cause i'm into that shit).  It was delicious sweet and had the perfect amount of sour!  The chips with salsa and guacamole tasted delicious as well had beautiful presentation.  The salsa came out with 3 different salsas- a fresca, verde, and i think a spicy one.  My favorite was the verde and spicy.  The chips weren't too overly salted and the salsas tasted refreshing.  Usually I tend to be addicted to the salt in the chips and end up overeating but I was able to enjoy this as a true appetizer rather than overeating chips.  As far as the guacamole- it tasted amazingly fresh.I ordered the fajitas to share and it was also seasoned very well.  It came with 6ish flour tortillas with the sizzling platter in the middle with a few accompaniments on the side in little metal containers.  It came with sides of guac, 2 salsas, sour cream, and other stuff I forgot.  The fajita plate also had a small grilled corn!  I really like that the fajitas weren't dripping in oil or had the taste of cheap butter.  In most places where I've had fajitas, ever time you scoop up the onions and peppers they are just drenched in oil.  The flavors of the spices and cooked perfection really came out with the fajitas which is huge cause usually I will taste a faint of cheap butter which I'm not a fan of.  Bf had the salmon tacos which he didn't like but I had a bite of his salmon and thought it was cooked well.  Maybe it's because he isn't accustomed to tasting salmon in tacos since the usual fish is some white fish, but I thought the plate looked very aesthetically pleasing.I really enjoyed this meal and would definitely return.  Prices were very reasonable for a Vegas dinner coming to about $15-$18 for an average plate (not counting the few fancy items).  I wasn't amazed, but definitely impressed by the higher quality Mexican food.
4	Excellent atmosphere for a margarita and some yummy tacos. Right across the street from the Wynn and Encore, this place is an easy stop on your way out of town. I stopped here after a long stay in Vegas before driving home to California and I was very full! Portion size is large and very filling. Ordered the bottomless chips for an appetizer. Came with pico de gallo, salsa verde and a delicious smokey chipotle salsa. The chips and dips had me full before my entree arrived. For lunch I had the baja shrimp taco platter. The dish comes with delicious cilantro rice and black beans. I really loved the rice, as I am a huge cilantro fan. The black beans were solid and also tasty. The corn tortillas were sweet and soft, the platter came with five small corn tortillas, a nice large portion of fried shrimp and a green avocado/lime sauce as well as a chipotle crema. My only complaint is that I wish the shrimp had not been fried...there was too much batter on the shrimp and it did not add anything to the dish. Just freshly sauteed lime shrimp would have been much nicer. My partner's salmon tacos were also delicious and our friend's chimichanga was very very large, so large, he was unable to finish it. This place is not going to win any food awards for being authentic mexican, however it was very good, prices were decent for the strip and portion sizes were large. Atmosphere was fun, we sat near the bar, outside, with plenty of people watching.
5	I have eaten here all three times I've been to Vegas. I love their cheese nachos, baja shrimp tacos, and excellent service. It's my first stop for eating when I pull away with my rental car!
5	Best tacos i have ever had. Expensive but unbelievable food. Drinks are pretty small unless you get the large which is like 22 dollars or so.
2	I would love some "Mexican" food please!!! No seriously, this is was just not good. Just another fancy overpriced restaurant on the strip that serves what they think is Mexican food. I came here for a work lunch so alcohol was out of the question. Maybe if I had a few drinks, the food would have tasted a little better. I ordered the tortilla soup and chipotle Cesar salad. The soup itself tasted like a can of chillies blended with a can of tomatoes. I probably got about 3 table spoons of actual pieces of tortilla, chicken and beans. I couldn't even get half way before I just have up. The salad was wilted and not fresh. And I don't know about you, but I don't think Cesar dressing is supposed to be sour. A few people at my table ordered chicken enchiladas and burritos and they all agreed the chicken was a bit dry. I tried the cilantro rice and it was complete mush. The consensus at my table was that the food was just ok. Highlight of the meal was the chips and guacamole. Pretty sad I would say.
5	Our best meal in Vegas!! Great table side guacamole, and fajitas were amazing! Cant wait for my next trip!
5	My fav Mexican place for every Vegas trip! Fajita never disappointed me even once like all other foodies!Highly recommend purchasing restaurant.com voucher at the beginning of the month :)
5	We happened by here and decided to stop in for a late lunch.  Best decision of the day.  Hands down the best Mexican food I have ever eaten in a nice atmosphere with great service.  Go and you will not be disappointed.
4	Fresh and relatively healthy Mexican food. Fair price, for being in Las Vegas. Friendly waiters and a good atmosphere.
2	We had the beef fajita plate and they were ok. Being from Texas, I might be a bit biased though. The food was better than the service though. The environment wasn't very welcoming, and the server was not very friendly. The chips and salsa appetizer was decent. It's not a place I'd crave or go back again if I have other options around.
4	Yummy! This is a go to place when we have visitors in town and don't want to spend  a lot of money on the strip. The drinks are large and delicious. The food is good - loved my carnitas and the shrimp tacos! The chips and salsa are flavorful. Ambiance is okay - feels a little commercial but its in a mall so what do you expect?
4	My sister had a Vegas destination wedding last summer and we had a big group dinner here on a Friday night. We were a group of about 35-40 in the back half of the restaurant with three long tables. It was amazing. The food, service and atmosphere were incredible.  The guacamole was absolutely incredible. The steak in the tacos was seasoned perfectly. I can't remember what I had for dessert but I'm sure it was equally amazing. They had salsa music blasting and my crazy Cuban family of course had to get up and salsa dance. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for some good affordable Mexican food on the strip. Who knows when or if I will be back to Vegas but if I do, I will be returning here!
2	Wow expensive for Mexican food.  I know, I know I was in Vegas and it should be expected.We (my husband and I) were in Vegas for a tradeshow.  I had heard about El Segundo Sol through Yelp, Restaurant.com etc.  So we decided to check it out one day for lunch.  It was mid January but still nice out so we sat outside right by the sidewalk.  That was a mistake, we sat down and within 5 minutes, a bird pooped on my husbands arm.  No I'm not blaming the restaurant for this but it just didn't start off good.  Waitress shows up to let us know about specials and takes drink orders.  I order a special pomegranate something margarita for $10 and my husband orders a "regular" margarita off the menu at either $8 or $9...  She brings them and okay I'm from Wisconsin and maybe my perspective on a $8-$10 drink is different but it was like a juice glass, like a baby juice glass.  Talk about sipping, because I couldn't convince myself to pay for another at that price.  We ordered the salsa trio and guac.  Both were very tasty and plentiful.  Seemed fresh, we got to order the guac in mild, medium or hot.  I opted for medium and it did have some good flavors but not overpowering.  I didn't find the prices that bad, $4 for chips and salsa, $10 for guac because it was good, fresh, plentiful.We both ordered the special lunch which was a trio of tacos (tuna, beef and chicken).  I think each plate was $18 and came with rice and beans.  Food was tasty but just so expensive for what was served.  Also the wait to get the food seemed to take forever. My husband was digging into his rice and beans when low and behold... he found a hair.  Sigh...  Then he had more bird poop in his water glass which he almost drank (until it was almost up to his mouth) because he is not a refined sipper like me.  I gotta hand it to him, he didn't loose his cool.  He pushed his rice and beans aside and told the waitress very discreetly.  She sent the manager over and they did compensate us for his meal, which they didn't have to do.  I thought that was pretty stand up of them.   Was the food quality good?  Yes.  Was it worth the $$, time waiting and pain in the butt?  Nope.  If anyone was dead set on going there I would tell them, get the quac, salsa and a bucket of beers.
5	BEST Mexican on the strip! This place was amazing! Fresh made to order guacamole served in a stone bowl. The shrimp tacos were delish. Service was great, fun atmosphere with semi- outdoor seating to view tourists walking by.
4	We were at the Wynn for a conference.  On the last day, we decided to walk across to the mall and saw this restaurant.  They have a cute outdoor seating area with makeshift trees.  We were the first ones there around 11 AM and were seated promptly.  Our waitress was very friendly and constantly kept checking on us.We ordered the following:- Fresh-made Guacamole: DELICIOUS.  We had it made medium spicy and it was so good.  They give you a good portion, enough for 3-4 people.- Bottomless Chips and Salsa: The three salsas served are delicious.  Along with the salsa comes a huge order of chips.  You will not ask for a second round.  Its enough for 3-4 people.  Must have.- Vegetarian Tacos:  The soft tacos are tiny, served with rice, brown beans, salsa, and veggies.  I loved the tacos.  I was too full from the chips, but I still managed to eat at least 3 tacos.We were in a rush to catch a flight, so the lunch was rushed.  We didn't get to see the dessert options.  But since our conference is an annual affair, we will surely be back next time we are in Vegas.  Definitely worth a try.
5	Way under rated! Dang this place is good! You can taste the freshness of the ingredients. From salsas to the meats good food. We had the steak taco plate and the steak fajitas plate. We will be back here again!
3	If there's one cuisine you shouldn't eat on the Strip, it's probably Mexican. You can typically find better and cheaper off the Strip, no doubt. But, I didn't listen to my own advice and stopped by this place, located on the ground floor of Fashion Show mall, across from the Wynn.There's a bar and patio street side for people watching and a darker, more cozy dining area inside. The food was slightly better than expected, but with the same hefty price tag of our casual Strip eateries. The freshly made guacamole was perfectly seasoned and well balanced with just enough acidity. The freshly fried tortillas chips were a welcome bonus, too. The pork taco platter consisted of succulent chunks of pork (that were too oily for their own good) in a skillet and some accompanying ingredients next to it for you to build your own tacos. The five tortillas they give you are plenty. The rice and beans were nothing special. But, you can basically say that about the majority of Mexican restaurants in town.There's a kid's menu with typical kid-friendly fare. I will say that their cheese quesadilla was excellent. I'm not sure how they get their tortillas to be so delicate and crispy (almost like wonton wrappers) but they make for some of the best quesadillas a kid will eat. And, my kid is an expert at eating them.As long as you go in knowing you'll spend a lot, you will probably leave satisfied. The food is typical Mexican that doesn't break any new ground, but is good enough to hold it's own against similar Mexican spots on the Strip.3.5 Stars
5	I am a serious Mexican and taco fan, so I've been to plenty of different places.  This was at lease in my top 3 of all time.  Everything I ate was recommended by the owner/ manager Ross Buter, so I suggest asking for him if you go there.  The guacamole, salsa and Ribeye tacos were all amazing!  Plus, I'm a bit of a margarita snob and those blew me away, too.  Please go here any time you're in Las Vegas.  You will not be disappointed!  Thanks to the whole staff there for a great experience!
2	I'm sad.Okay, so our friends got married tonight, and we were starving! (9m wedding). The wait for little Italy was almost an hour. So, we decided to come here.Ordered drinks...Which were amazing. I had a small margarita, and the bride had a large frozen one......which is about  the size of my blender.No, seriously. It looked like a "big gulp" cup. She didn't even finish it when we were done with our meal.Our food took forever. And it wasn't even that busy. We were seated in less than 3 minutes, and got chips and salsa.I don't know what it is with green salsa and I lately. But yuuuumm. I ordered the slow roasted pork with caramelized pineapple.When our food came, there was just one piece, YES, ONE piece of pineapple that was so delicious. But it was smaller than my pinky finger. I've had better pork from robertos, or Baja fresh. Pretty sad when this taco plate was $16-$17. I devoured it, no doubt, but it was 10 o'clock and I needed dinner.Drinks are great. But, :(
4	I attended an event here for an amusement convention and it everything was on the house. The service was great. With the entire place packed there was no long waits at the bar, even with it being an open bar event. The drinks had an excellent alcohol to mixer ratio, no watered down drinks here. The apps the passed out were good. A few different bite sized quesadillas and some fish tacos. I will be back to check out the rest of the menu.
4	It was my first stop on my most recent Vegas trip. We got the chips and salsa and the mahi mahi tacos. Both were delicious. I would recommend this place for the great staff and equally great food. My only issue is the high prices for the food that isnt all that fancy. It seems to be the norm for Vegas, so I may be handing out a lot of 4 star reviews....
4	Living in chicago I know all about lettuce entertain you restaurants.  They usually have quality food served in a hip atmosphere.  The restaurant is located in a shopping center so you won't have all the craziness found near some of the hotels.  Outdoor seating is a plus.  My friend and I shared an order of fajitas and guacamole and it was more than enough.  Our waitress was very friends but sounded a little too scripted.  Bottom line El Segundo can be a trusted spot on the strip for some decent mexican.
5	Love this place. I'm a local and I eat here at least once a month.  The guacamole is amazing, the fajitas are the best in town and the staff is extremely friendly.   Try the prickly pear margarita it's yummy and a fun hot pink color :)
4	El Segundo Sol has great food, drinks and atmosphere. I really enjoy going to this place when I am in town. I love the guacamole and fresh made chips! Yum! The service might not be the best I have ever had, but I would definitely recommend this place for a quick bite to eat, lunch or dinner!
5	Our son got married 4-12-14 and the wedding dinner was at the El Segundo Sol.  We all were very pleasantly surprised by the food, the way it was organized and the service.  The fish tacos were the best ever.  The guacamole was awesome.  All the food was great.  We had over 35 people in our party and not one complaint.  Everyone loved it.  Thanks for excellent service and marvelous food.
5	Just on our way from the Wynn to the mall and found this nice Mexican place. Very happy with our drinks and food. Our server, Jennifer was exceptional. She made sure our guacamole was made to order as well as the margaritas which she fine tuned to our liking. We will return!
3	I have been here a few times before.  By now I know I just really come for the guacamole and margaritas. Their made to order, how you like it guacamole is sooo good. It's enough for an appetizer for 4 or really good to pick at with their chips and salsa (complimentary) while drinking. My favorite margaritas are the cucumber mint which is very refreshing, or the pitaya ( cactus) tangy and a little sweet.The food and service has fallen short for me too many times.  But I love the guacamole, drinks,  and atmosphere.  Plus there's decent people watching and it's conveniently located outside the mall.
2	Pretty much Taco Bell with a bar.  Tortilla chips were very hard, salsa was bland.  Service was average, not even good.  Drinks were same price as the top tier casinos: 8 oz margarita was $16.00.  Bend me over.!
3	OK, we went here because it was close and we wanted Mexican food.  It's right at the end of the Fashion Show mall which makes it mall food in my book.  Let cut to the chase and say if you come here, the best part is the guacamole which is made to order at the spice level you want and the amazing margaritas.  I had a skinny one so I can pretend I'm not getting a boat load of extra calories and it was one of the better ones that I've had.   The chips that came complementary were a little stale and although the service was ok, the food came to the table not piping hot and just average for a Mexican place.
5	We were looking for a good Mexican dinner during our stay in Vegas. We wanted to go to Diego's at the MGM, but just found out it closed. Last trip to Vegas, we went to Javier's at the Aria. It was good, but not good enough to warrant a return considering the many options available in Vegas. El Segundo Sol is definitely worth a return. It's casual with indoor/outdoor seating in the Fashion Show Place Mall.For us, one of the big deals was that they had a HUGE gluten free menu. Tons upon tons of options, which is so important. And the server knew enough about their gluten free practices to make us feel comfortable.We started with their very good guacamole. You are able to select mild, moderate, or spicy. It comes with endless chips and salsa. Honestly, this is pretty much all I needed to eat because it was so good and I was full when it was done!Husband and I split a combination chicken and shrimp fajita platter. It was excellent. Everything was so tasty. It was seasoned just right and all of the sides included were fresh and added to the flavor.The waitress was great too. She was very sweet and recommended good drinks (for us the blackberry margarita was a perfect choice).Overall fantastic choice that was a nice cheat meal for my normally very clean diet. It's always a bummer when you take a cheat meal and it ends up being not worth it. This one, DEFINITELY worth it.
4	Always great food, drinks & energy! If you are at the Fashion Show Mall this place is worth your visit. Good margaritas and yummy food! Their special events are excellent too. I have not had a chance to go to the cooking events but I have wanted to. It was fun to do Cinco de Mayo here!
5	My server was always on point from menu selection to drinks being ordered.  .  Food service in Vegas is hard to boot then having to deal with all the tourists and my drunk ass.  A must for mexican lovers.  The margaritas totally rocked too boot. I'll be back.
2	It's ok... Two stars for the atmosphere. Service is so so. The chips and salsa are not  great and I can't stand when Mexican restaurants charge for them. The tacos weren't too bad but not something to come back for.
4	It's tucked away at the corner of Fashion Show mall. I celebrated my friends birthday here and the atmosphere is perfect for outdoor patio seating. You can people watch, it's lively and fun. There are candid lights hung around the trees, picturesque, similar to a cozy backyard. The inside is dark with intricate woodwork. There are two bars in the restaurant, one outside and one inside. The staff were extremely friendly, especially the server. They were very hands on and interactive even though we were a large group. Since we were a large group we ordered individually and I got to try a little bit of everything. They served the best guacamole I've ever had! It's not made tableside but it's made fresh and so flavorful. You have the option of choosing the spiciness level. I also had the steak fajitas which were good but the Shrimp tacos were superstars!!! Not to mention, the margaritas are a must-order especially if you are in a festive mood. I recommend coming here for a fun night out with friends and sitting outside on a warm summer night. If you can catch their happy hour that's even better. Ultimately, it's a little more on the pricey side but worth the celebration.
5	The guac and chips are amazing! I had shrimp tacos which were really good, wife had tortilla soup and she liked hers. We've heard the flan is incredible but didn't try it. We asked them about the guac and they emailed us the recipe! What restaurant does that? The service and atmosphere was fun, we had a good time and loved the food.
3	Visited El Segundo Sol on a Thursday evening at 7pm after mall. Group of six.The restaurant is walking distance from Trump, Wynn, Treasure Island, Pallazzo or Venetian. Located on the south side of the Fashion Show Mall. 1/2 inside seating 1/2 outside under cover. Fair view of the quiet portion of the strip.The good:1) Fresh made corn tortillas are awesome. Kinda small... but great.2) Braised Beef tacos are excellent.3) Grilled Chicken tacos are so-so.4) Chips are good.5) Salsas are very mild... if you like it that way.6) Water for the table is served with small glasses and a large cork-top bottle. (kinda cool)7) Coke products (I prefer Pepsi... )8) Fresh guacamole was good. We ordered spicy.. and it wasn't.The bad:1) Wait staff is VERY VERY slow and forgetful.2) Filling the chips and salsa takes too long. must asked twice to remind the staff3) Fresh Guacamole, although good. Was a very small portion, especially for the price.4) Food portions were very small for the price. $16.95+ for dinners, with five or six 4" tortillas and en our meat to stuff three of them.5) Meals served with seasoned white rice and black beans. More Cuban style than Mexican.6) Limited menu, and no side orders.After an extended service, based on the extremely slow staff, combined with the high pricing and small portions... we'll seek out mexican food elsewhere next time. Too bad.... it's close. I'd be willing to pay a premium, if the food was great and the service was too... but it's not.
4	Happy hour and we had a $15 pitcher of sangria and $10 guacamole ...both were fantastic.  We might go back for a second trip this week.  Only wish the seating wasn't so limited for happy hour prices.
3	Came here for a quick snack on a break from work. We shared a chorizo pizza and the nachos with chicken. The service was great and pretty quick. My only let down was that the nachos seemed to have that cheap nacho cheese on them. The chorizo pizza wasn't really my thing either. I'll definitely go back and try something else as the atmosphere and service were very good.
4	Went for happy hour.  Had a $15 pitcher of Sangria and the $10 order of guacamole.  Both were FANTASTIC.  My wife urged me for a return visit each day of our trip.  We will certainly return!  Left off a star only since we were told you could not order off the happy hour menu outside of the bar area...which was packed.  We ended up sitting in a corner when we could have been much more comfortable in the dining area.
5	Every time I stay on the Strip, I make a trip to El Segundo Sol... It's in a great spot at Fashion Show Mall, so the people-watching is fun... They have an awesome patio and open-air space, and service has always been good here. The food is consistently great, the guacomole is to die for, and the margaritas are strong.What more can you ask for?
4	Sat at the bar. Great bartender. I had chicken taquitos. Cant remember the drink I had. But everything was good. Will return and try an entree.
4	Wow. What a major difference from when I visited three months ago.We were seated, with practically no wait. The hostess was kind enough to put us in tables more towards the back of the restaurant, so we could have room for our daughter's stroller. We of course got the chips and salsa. Mango margarita, prickly pear margarita and a beer. Our friend with the mango margarita has a fresh slice of mango in his, which he devoured along with the drink. My prickly pear was almost too perfectly delicious.Our waitress was so kind. Complete 180 of most of the servers that we have had when eating here. She went through the specials, with great description, and was patient and kind enough to re-explain things when we couldn't hear or didn't understand. My guy ordered the enchilada special, that came with one chicken and one beef enchilada. Our friend and I both ordered the mahi mahi tacos. We asked for more green and red salsa, because they kind of skimp when they fill up their little black bowls. The pico was a little lack luster, but our 18 month old gladly ate the tomatoes and snacked on the chips....The man that dropped off our food quickly returned with generous amounts of the green and red salsa..Our food came out, and to tell you the truth, we were all kind of shocked....in a good way.Usually, when I have ordered their fish tacos, the fish has came out already sectioned out in individual tacos...and the flavor of the fish has been lack luster. This time, a grilled filet of fish comes out, with about 4 or 5 tortillas to section and make your own. We were blown away how wonderful everything tasted. Everything, was just perfect....even the black beans and rice. All three of us were clean platers. We ordered another round of drinks...which did take a while to come out. After asking for the check, that did take a while too.... Like at least 15 minutes for her to come back with out change.
4	I'm a fan solely because of the tableside guacamole and the drinks. I vowed to come only for that after eating here on my birthday one year. The entrees were alright, but they were bland. That seriously sums it up. I had the spicy ground beef mexican pizza. Bland. No spice. Not even any beef flavor. I sampled someone else's chicken fajitas. Bland. Carne Asada tacos? You guessed it, bland! It was almost like they ran out of salt, pepper, and all other herbs and spices in the kitchen that night. The tortilla on the mexican pizza was dry and the top layer flaked away completely, leaving only the middle layer stuck to everything else. The only reason I stated that the food was alright and not terrible was because it was all cooked well (minus the tortilla on the mexican pizza, it was like licking the arm of the guy from Tales from the Crypt...)Back to the tableside guacamole, it's fresh, smooth, and citrus-y. I loved it so much that I started making it at home occasionally. The head chef posted his recipe in VegasSeven Magazine one year and I've been hooked. The sangria and cocktails just bring the whole experience together.Like RA sushi, this place is LOUD! Don't come for conversation with a date or long lost relatives...come to eat and drink and look at their pretty faces while listening to music being hammered out overhead. Otherwise, you'll spend the night incorrectly lip reading instead.
4	Was out and about shopping at Fashion Show one day, and we decided to try El Segundo Sol.  Perfect choice! They have good food with a great view- right on the strip, and they have a great happy hour, gave us an opportunity to try a variety of items and see what we liked.  Great margaritas!!
5	Really great dinner last night and our waiter was easily able to help me navigate my allergies. I was really impressed given that they're part of a chain. The jicama salad (butter lettuce, grapefruit, jicama, avocado) was wonderful and so were the braised beef soft tacos. Good service, over-all good experience.
5	Great place to eat and atmosphere been here 3 times always good and great service no complaints. Good shrimp tostada, enchiladas, Mexican sandwich, and tacos recommended to everyone that goes to vegas
4	The food I had on this particular day was really good. We had the fresh made Guacamole, Ahi Poke Ceviche, and Pork Tacos... All were very satisfying. I also ordered the Watermelon Martini and although it was tasty it was very hard to drink because the watermelon chunks and basil leaves constantly got in the way. Overall a good experience.
2	Pomegranate margarita: to die for! Other than that had horrible service. Now to make matters worse my boyfriend and I ate here around 10pm one night. Let's just say he ended up with food poisoning. Stay away from the mahi mahi tacos. Vomiting and everything. Horrible experience.
5	I eat here all the time, they have the best guacamole and chips. Try the mahi-mahi grilled tacos those are awesome! I love coming back to this place food is great service is great as well.
5	We were in Vegas for a few days in July, I have a gluten intolerance so restaurants with a dedicated gluten-free menu are a plus. We actually had two meals here on our trip. The first was Saturday lunch on our way into town. We shared an order of chips & salsa, and enjoyed a margarita sampler (3 2oz shots of margarita). My other half enjoyed the carne asada tacos and I had the gluten free chicken enchiladas. We are from California, we both grew up on Mexican food and we were both wowed. My other half loved the corn tortillas, the seasoning on the carne and the cilantro-lime rice. I loved the enchiladas, the tinga chicken was super moist and the cream sauce was perfect. Our waitress was very nice, and very attentive. We walked out planning to make our last meal here as well.On our way home we stopped and grabbed lunch on Monday. We ordered the chips & salsa but no drinks before the long drive. He had the braised beef crispy tacos and I had the gluten free braised pork tacos. We both enjoyed our meal, and the waiter was we had was just as attentive. We don't get to Vegas very often, but when we do we'll be back.
4	Love their Watermelon Margarita! It was their special Margarita-for the day? week? I dunno but it was yummy and refreshing! Must try! The home-made guacamole was good and they kept refilling chips so that's a plus! I tried their special zucchini Sweet Corn Quesadilla- the server said it was spicy but I like spicy so I went with that. Although they were not super busy or crowded it did take a little bit for us to get our food. I tried the quesadilla and it was not spicy BUT scorching(spicy) HOTTTT.. I told our server and she had them make me another one (which was nice) without the peppers.( and without giving any dirty looks)  She failed to tell me the were "fresno red chili peppers" which are among the spiciest they serve in the restaurant -___- Okay well lesson learned. I think it would've been nice if she mentioned that prior but she took care of it and I cant complain. Overall good food and drinks!
4	This was fantastic. We were seated right away on a busy Saturday night, the food was reasonably priced (for Las Vegas) and everything our party got was delicious. I highly recommend the guacamole. They made it fresh and it was perfect.
5	My sons 30th birthday party dinner at El Segundo Sol was Excellent!!  The event planner Natalie that  coordinated the party was professional, well organized and on top of all of our needs.  The servers, Taylor and Alfonso and the rest of the El Segundo Sol team that took care of us didn't miss a beat!   We had our party in the El Medio room which was great for our loud group of 30 Aunts, Uncles and Cousins.  Our group menu  included a great beverage package (beer, white and red sangria, house margaritas, and non-alcoholic beverages) and a great Fajita dinner package (awesome starters, home made guacamole, chips, salsa, Padrone peppers and coarse salt , great tasting chipotle salad, delicious chicken and beef fajitas with all the trimmings, rice, beans, onions, tomatoes, etc., and a combo desert of flan and double layer fudge cake which was to die for).  Thank you El Segundo Sol!!  You made my sons 30th Birthday an exception dinning experience.  We would highly recommend dinning at  El Segundo Sol if you are in Las Vegas!Thanks again El Segundo Sol Team, Vince.
5	Service was great! We had the fresh-made guacamole appetizer with chips and salsa. It was spiced perfectly and served in a stone bowl. The portion size was excellent for sharing with 2-4. I had the Shrimp and Avocado Cocktail, and it was delightful - fresh and cold, perfect sized for lunch on a hot Vegas day. It was served with a side of chipotle-spiced popcorn for some light crunch. Extremely good! My husband had the grilled chicken salad, which was very tasty and perfect portion size. We would definitely recommend this to others or return again ourselves.
2	Only decide to come here because while walking in the fashion show mall we were given a 25% discount card. Food looked good but didn't taste that good I didn't like the cheese on my tacos and didn't get enough meat. The strawberry margarita was good they use fresh strawberries.
3	Had the fajitas.they were ok.not enough meats (had steak and shrimp).and the sides were very scarce to,just a little tomatos and lil sour cream.my plate was loaded with green peppers and onions though.wife had the crunchy tacos,same thing,very light on the meat but they were loaded with lettuce.drinks were great as expected in vegas.
4	Felipe, the bartender, makes the best red sangria.  During Happy Hour, it's $15 for a pitcher and it's not watered down.  It's a party in your mouth.  Just make sure you share!
4	I'm a Las Vegas local and let me tell you why I like this place. First off the food is always very good, however the real reason....It's a great place to sit your husband down with a cold beer sports on tv and go SHOPPING at theFashion Show!! It's the best system ever!!
3	Solid mexican spot. They have quality food even though it may be too salty at times. Their drinks could be stronger. I've always had a good time here.
5	While in Vegas most recently we chose to support the lettuce restaurants because of their extraordinary quality and service. With that said we had their specialty frozen margaritas and crunchy tacos at El Segundo Sol. The best tacos we have ever eaten - please bring the crunchy tacos to Chicago!!!! Robert S.Highland Park IL
1	I went here late Sunday night around 945pm in search of done decent tacos. Found them on yelp as being open until 11pm. As I walk up from across the street there are still plenty of people sitting at the patio tables. But when I walk up the stairs to the hostess area I could tell the back of the restaurant is already shutting down. I try to get one if the waiters attention but they buzz right by me a few times. Finally I get an older guys attention and ask him if I can just sit anywhere. He tells me the restaurant is closed. Mind you, there are still about 30 people sitting at the patio tables and the sign outside says they close at 11pm on Sunday. Needless to say I won't be going back there.
5	Excellent Mexican food, was visiting Vegas from LA and so far found this place to be the best Mexican food in Vegas. The food quality like I said is Excellent. The service and the ambiance is just as good. The tacos are great, can't say I have had better, and living in LA I've had a lot of experience with tacos. I would be surprised if anyone has a problem with the food at this place.
4	I'm a Las Vegas local and will go out of my way to come here. The food is always delicious. I tend to get the braised beef tacos and sometimes the Mexican crisp "pizza"  Service is generally good but sometimes spotty.  I don't like the fact that condiments such as ketchup have to be asked for several times. The prices are reasonable and you can use the Lettuce Entertainment card in order to get points for free food. This place is part of Strip Burger so you may order from both menus.
1	A STEP FROM TACO BELL!  If you enjoy mediocre food, unattentive service and watered-down drinks; but at ten times the price, then this is the place for you. You can get this food at Taco Bell. The server agreed to the comparison, admitting this place was very Americanized. You can get the same stuff at your fast food place. I don't recommend this place. What a disappointment, especially from a restaurant on the strip.
1	My wife and I waited 45 minutes, but our order never came.  It was mid-day on a Saturday and the place was not that busy.  The waiter reassured us several times that our order would be coming right up, but it never did. So we left and went to the food court.All I can say is go there at your own risk.  Service is horrendous, and they are not honest about the when your food is going to arrive.
5	Excellent!! Loved all the variety of salsas, from pico de gala, to habanero and everything in between. Definitely a new favorite when visiting Vegas!
5	I hosted my husband's 40th birthday party here. We rented a private room, the Tequila Room, which was wonderful. The shelves of the room are lined with different Tequilas. The room is very private. We also contracted a Mariachi Band through the help of the catering manager, Ms. Dusty, and the music was wonderful. Our server was amazing and most important of all: the food was plentiful, so well-presented, and delicious! It was nice to have a taste of authentic Mexico right in the middle of the Las Vegas strip. We will definitely be going back and bringing friends and family.
5	Food was great! The guacamole was so authentic! Too bad we don't Have one in California!
4	Absolutely delicious food! It was a bit pricey for the cheesy dip (which was literally some shredded cheese fried into a skillet), but the salsa was yummy and the fajitas were AWESOME with tons of food.
4	Pretty Good food minus the airhead waitress we had. Chips are really good, get the chips and 3 salsa deal.
1	I went here with a few friends and I was expecting great service,  but instead I received really horrible service. Felipe was our server but he was also the bartender for the whole bar. Needless to say,  we got our drinks after 20 minutes of waiting. The appetizer didn't arrive until our food did which was 30 minutes later. I will not be back here. The food was really good, but because of the service I won't be back. If you go there make sure you're not very hungry so you won't mind the long wait.
5	Visiting Vegas from Bay Area. Giants playoffs! Where we gonna watch them? Walked into El Segundo Sol and they treated us so good. I had to leave for 20 minutes (the rest of the party stayed) and they insisted they would make  my Chile Rellano over when I returned! Great customer service and the food- tacos,huitlacoche quesadillas (wow), salsas, incredible tamale, even the mexican pizza was great.so, the next day, we return to watch the Giants Playoffs. Well, 6 Hours, 18 innings later- the staff, the manager, the food--all still fresh, friendly, awesome! and Jalapeno cilantro margarita!Whenever we return to Vegas, we will be eating there!Thank you , El Segundo for making these Giants Fans Happy!!
4	We came here on our last day in Vegas after picking up show tickets at the Wynn. My companions went to eat in the food court two floors up but I decided I wanted something different, so my boyfriend and I came here.We decided to try a few appetizers as not to ruin our appetites for dinner and ended up splitting an order of nachos with pulled chicken and tamales,which neither of us had ever had.Service here wasn't super fast, they were kind of busy but not too busy. I'm not sure if the kitchen was just slow or something but service could have been faster and more... together. We had one server, then another and then another I think.The nachos we had here were quite good - you can tell the nachos aren't from a bag here and if they were, they're pretty damned fresh. The chicken on top was nicely spiced and had been cooked in a sauce with some onions so that really added to the flavor of the nachos. The tamales were something else. I had no expectations on what a tamale would be like, so when I dug into the soft, almost mushy tamale, I didn't know what to expect.Flavor town indeed! WOW. So good. I was expecting something much more savory but this tamale was pretty sweet but it was SO good. I would try tamales anywhere after that experience. We split both dishes and couldn't quite finish but it was an excellent meal.Overall, aside from the slower service, the food here was excellent. I would come back, its in a good location and you can sit on a patio without being in direct sunlight after walking around the strip for a while.
1	Don't let the reviews fool you this is like a chain of very over priced mediocre Mexican food.  Also the drinks.  Tourist trap.
4	My girlfriends brought me here for my birthday lunch.. Food was great.. Margarita's were even better! Especially the Skinny Margarita (which I added GrandMa too and it became a "somewhat thin" Margarita). Lori our bartender was very patient with us.. which was SO needed, as my GF's can be very High Maintenance! Great atmosphere.. we people watched -which is always fun in Vegas.  Thanks for making my birthday lunch a fun time and Thanks Lori for being very attentive and giving us great service!
3	I tried El Segundo Sol after a shopping trip at Fashion Show Mall.  My partner and I wanted to refuel and relax before heading out to gamble on the strip, and the cute outdoor patio seemed like the right spot to chill. Loved the music they play (lots of reggaeton and salsa), as well as the twinkling lights.When we arrived, the front patio area was pretty full, but the back part was empty. Our server was courteous, and took our drink orders fairly promptly. We also ordered the bottomless chips and salsa.  A few minutes later, our server came back to let us know the wine I'd ordered was only available by the bottle, not by the glass. (I thought that was odd, since it was clearly on the menu as one of the wines available by the glass. Maybe update your menus to avoid confusion...). But cool, ordered a different wine. We waited at least 15 minutes for our chips and salsa appetizer. It arrived right before the entrees.  That was irritating, as we were hungry, and what's the point of bottomless chips (not free btw) if they give them to you right before your meal?  The chips and salsa were actually quite tasty. The Mexican chopped salad I ordered was not great. It was basically a cold garden salad with a few pieces of corn and beans and dry chicken. My partner's tacos weren't bad, a little salty, but decent overall. I ordered a second glass of wine that never arrived, so I eventually canceled it before getting the check. Overall, the service was ill timed and distracted, though our server was very polite.  Would I return? Yes, but probably for happy hour or to grab light appetizers and a drink on the patio.  For a full meal, probably not.
1	Not impressed! Just moved to town and work in the same mall and I won't go back.  Neglectful bartenders and so/so food.  Adding chicken to HH nachos was $1....we added steak and it was $7?  Watched a bartender run after a guest and accuse the guest of not paying the bill.  When his fellow bartender informed him in front of the guest that they had already paid, the bartender didn't apologize and was totally rude.  Then we watched him laugh about it when the offended guests had left.  Pretty tasteless.  Also, watched the bartenders drinking margaritas at the end of the bar while we waited with our credit card ready for check out.
4	Chips and salsa were delicious. I had the beef taco platter can I love the fact they serve black beans instead of refried. My husband had the steak fajitas and he liked them a lot. The food wasn't cheap but we got a discount card in the shopping center attached and saved 25%.  Go to Pinto Ranch store and get your discount card.
5	If you're looking for super authentic Mexican food then this might not be the place.  If you're looking for great food, great service and reasonable prices this is great.  They have great guac and chips, and I had the mahi mahi tacos and they were about as good as I've ever had.
5	The nachos are amazing. Their elote is sooooo yummy. Good margaritas. Great atmosphere
5	Love this place! It's literally on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Fashion Show Dr. There is indoor and outside seating available. When I go here I usually sit outside. They have faux trees with cute lights and misters for the blazing summer days in Vegas. This is not the place to go to if your jonesin for authentic Mexican food. But the food is GOOD!  The fish tacos are tasty along with the fajitas. They have this yummy salsa platter that comes with 3 or 4 different types of salsa. Guacamole is pretty standard. I think the outdoor ambience is what keeps me going here lol. Yummy food, good drinks, great scenery, and if you have great company I'm sure you will feel the same.
5	Searching for a place to eat that isn't stuck up, packed or smells like booze is not always easy in Vegas.El Segundo Sol was the right place! Shade, outdoor atmosphere, friendly staff and great food hit the spot and let us relax during shopping at the Fashion Mall. A must visit. Especialy the grilled chilis .. oh yeahhhhhh
3	Great location and atmosphere. We sat towards the front left seating area which wasn't so spacious. No room to sit comfortably w/o invading another tables space. Food was great but service was slow. Maybe because it was the weekend of the marathon but it just wasn't what I expected. Also, I ordered a margarita which came with a bug and returned it and the waitress still charged me for it on the bill. Other restaurants would've tried to make it up/waive the drink off the bill. Overall, they have room for improvement especially in the customer service department.
4	My boyfriend and I were big fans of the outdoor seating and the friendly staff. The food was good - not the best I've ever had, but definitely above average. The bottomless chips with various salsas were an affordable starter, and the chile relleno was cooked to perfection. The margaritas were average, but did the job. I thought the presentation and overall vibe were enough to make me come back, and it offered a lovely view of the Vegas Strip and Fashion Drive. Very cool little place!
5	Omg! I don't know how this place only has 3 1/2stars! This has become one of our "MUST DO" spots in Vegas! We look forward to it EVERY time we come and it is always AMAZING!
3	Only ever go here for lunch as I wouldn't say it's particularly a good spot for dinner. The nachos are especially good, not anything like the ones you buy in the store. Guacamole also is freshly made and recommended. The price I think could be slightly cheaper, the only reason it is on the pricey end is to obviously appeal to tourists due to their location. Overall, an ok Mexican spot if you're looking for a quick bite for lunch.
4	The flavors are amazing and Terry, the Executive Chef, is well trained in the traditional cooking styles south of the border having spent a large amount of time in Mexico.  Try the signature braised beef tacos!
4	This rating is for the bar only. I'm giving it four stars because honestly it just doesn't blow my mind, but it's a solid place for beers and guacamole. They typically have happy hour which I always miss. I know it's a decent happy hour too. However, when ever I come I only get a Pacifico draft and guacamole. The guac is outstanding! Made to order, which I love. The even add pineapples to their guac which is a nice twist. The beer is great and draft is a beer deal than the bottle. Same price and you get a few more ounces. I think the beers are overpriced, but it's a restaurant on the Las Vegas strip. The bartender with a beard (I feel bad even describing someone like that, but I completely forget his name) usually serves us and always does a solid job as well!
4	Wow. Absolutely delicious. Great salsas.  I have to search and search for good Mexican Food in Northern VA.  Much easier in this area!
5	This Mexican restaurant is right on the strip outside of the Fashion Show Mall. It was our first time here and we really enjoyed it. We all ordered the chicken fajitas and they were very very good! The sides of rice and beans were excellent as well. We ordered an appetizer of some sort of cheese dip with chips and loved it. The prices weren't too bad, around $20 per person. I would highly recommend it if you are close to the mall. Give it a try!
5	I can't say enough about this place. That last two time we have come to Vegas we have gone here for lunch. The location is perfect! We stayed at the Wynn and just had to get away from the swanky atmosphere. I wanted a place where I can sit outside, have a few beers ( or a few too many), watch the game, watch the people, and have some decent food. That is what I found at el Segundo, and that is why I keep coming back.Atmosphere- casual, Mexican cantina. They have a bar outside on the patio, along with plenty of seating. They have another bar inside with plenty of seating as well. Both bar are equipped with tvs that will allow you to watch the game. They accommodate large groups easily and without any complaints.Food- the menu is the perfect size. It covers a lot of various foods, but isn't a novel. We had nachos which were huge, and also very good. The tacos were good and the chips and salsa....... Amazing. We have never had a bad experience there. I have recommended this place to a few other people, and everybody enjoys it.Service- top notch. Our server was always close by , and my beer was never empty for long. Everybody was happy and had great attitudes.
5	This place was great, they had a prime rib taco special that was to die for, and the baja tacos my friend ordered were great too. Wonderful ambience, reasonably priced, and perfect service---my new favorite place to eat on the strip. They have happy hour from 4-7pm :)
3	Arrived at the bar for NYE. Was given an all-inclusive food and drink menu for $40. What a deal!
3	Segundo sol would probably not be my primero choice for Mexican food in vegas.... or anywhere near the top for that matter. The food is good, service is friendly, but there was not much memorable about this place for me. And when you are paying $15-$20 for tacos it had better be darn memorable. Nothing particularly wrong with it, but just not worth the money. I had the bottomless chips and salsa (but bottomless and $4 is decidedly inferior to bottomless and free like most Mexican places), and the pork tacos. The 3 salsas that came with the chips were OK but not very fresh tasting... but ill give it to you though that it's probably hard to make good pico de gallo in January.Pork tacos were also good but did not particularly impress. For those price inelastic folks out there though, the ambiance of the place is great: they have a nice indoor and outdoor bar, a TON of tequilas, and there is an upscale but still laid-back feel to it. So if you don't mind paying $40 for a meal you could get off the strip for $12, then by all means give it a try.
4	Simone and I ate at El Segundo Sol while on a Vegas vacation in late October. We went only because we had fifty dollars worth of gift certificates for the place due to a bad meal we had at its sister restaurant Stripburger a few years ago. Both restaurants are owned by a group called Lettuce Entertain You. As a result of my previous experience I wasn't going with high expectations.  I was pleasantly surprised though by my entire meal. It was much better then I had hoped for and the owners completely redeemed themselves.  El Segundo Sol is located at the Fashion Show Mall across from the Wynn. It has both indoor and outdoor patio seating. We choose to enjoy the outdoor air of Vegas. Our waiter was quick to get to the table and as Simone said he was easy on the eyes so she enjoyed his attentiveness.  We started our meal with the house made bottomless chips and salsa and a pitcher of very refreshing Sangria. Although not free like some Mexican restaurants, the chips and salsa are still excellent and worth the small price you pay. The platter includes three different types of Salsa to choose from. The most mild is the simple Pico de Gallo version of chopped onions and tomatoes, a tad spicier is the green tomatillo salsa and the last salsa is a smoky charred tomato salsa. The charred tomato was my favorite and had the most flavor but all were great especially when mixed together. We actually went through two plates full of the salsa and warm crisp chips.  For her meal Simone got the Huitlacoche Quesadilla. It was a large house made soft tortilla grilled and filled with earthy truffle mushrooms, sweet corn, Mexican spices and a creamy cheese blend.  I found it to be a bit light on the truffle flavor but Simone really enjoyed it and ate the whole thing except the few bites I stole. As is the case with almost all my mexican meals, l had to choose the Braised Pork Tacos.  The Taco's do not come assembled for you but I find that to be a lot of fun as it gives you permission to play with your food at the table and you can customize your taco to your liking.  The Pork plate comes with the generously and mildly cumin and chili spiced shredded pork with fresh cilantro leaves, a Caramelized Pineapple wedge, green chilies, Cilantro Rice, Black beans, Sour Cream and Pico de Gallo.  It is all served with those very good house made soft tortillas. I just took a little bit of everything on the plate mixed it all up and shoved it in my mouth. All the flavors matched up like the perfect marriage and exploded on your tongue like the perfect honeymoon.  It was pretty amazing and memorable.  I could have used a little bit more of it all as it was so good but it was satisfying filling.  I think this is now my second favorite Mexican place in Vegas ( Chipotle still wins the first place slot).  With or without a gift certificate, I would absolutely go back again. The prices are a little high but on par with the other places on the Vegas Strip. My faith has been restored in the Lettuce Entertain you restaurant  group. This was a great all around experience.
5	Awesome food with great flavors. Perfect portion size. Very nice seating inside and outside.
