3	Nice place but a little confusing finding the entrance as it is in the back. The service is very slow, it took 25 minutes just to get a beer. The nachos were sub-par, but given it was only their 2nd week open I'm sure they will work out the flaws.
1	Well after hearing about Twin Peaks up in Scottsdale I decided to check it out down in the Biltmore area.  I must say what a waste of time.  The food was barely average and the idea that the girls that work there are "hot" is really subjective.  I suppose waitresses that are barely one step up from a strip club could appeal to some.  I say save your time and money and go to the Tilted Kilt.  Much classier place.
2	I met a friend here for lunch. She works across the street and informed me this was the 1st week this establishment was open. The interior is very nice, new, sorta has that "Flagstaff" feel to it. We walked in during noon-ish so it was busy. I immediately notice that the staff are all women, hot women. Unfortunately they aren't the brightest. Example....the hostess checked her seating chart and asked us if we would like a booth, we both said yes and then another waitress arrived along side her and they both commenced to bickering about sitting another party at that booth. We both let them continue for a few minutes because it was amusing seeing this then we finally chimed in and said the bar will be fine. lolWe sat at the bar and I started to look around. I noticed, and so did my female friend, there were hardly any women customers in this place. hahah I counted maybe 3 including my friend. Okay so if you weren't aware and I wasn't either the servers all wear skimpy outfits, very similar to titled kilt's. This location is located in the heart of the "corporate business park area". So literally 90% of the patrons were middle aged men, in business casual to corporate suites, probably 70% or more married and come here to look at the women, I always wonder why that does it for most men, I mean why not just go to a strip club at least there I know and expect what kinda service, vibe I'm going to get, plus the beers are cheaper and you get a better view if you know what I mean, but I digress. So hardly any women customers, we both ordered a drink from the bartender, she came back with my IPA beer overflowing, probably the most horrible pour ever but I was trying to give her the benefit of the doubt. Oh she asked me if I'd like "the girl size beer, or the man sized beer". I'm not sure if that's company policy or she was trying to be cute. I mean I wasn't offended but it felt like an awkward question to ask, I went with the girl one, I admit. We both ordered food, I had the ranch grilled chicken sandwich, with fries. The bartender seemed very ditsy and clueless but she managed to get our orders correct. The sandwich was okay, at first a little bland but once I got to the middle it was actually tasty. We paid and left. I'm not sure I'll make an attempt to come back. I have a feeling after a few weeks, months the hot waitresses will probably quit and they will have to hire better customer service, more competent women to fill those server spots. I sorta got the feeling that when hiring they just put out adds for hot girls in their early 20's and if they were hot enough, they were hired, no matter of their skills......that will only last for so long, it's a restaurant, not a strip club.
4	Beer is Ice Cold, food is ok...but the bartenders and waitresses....OMG!!! Beautiful!! Can't wait to get back to phoenix for work again...made it much better :)
3	I came in about 2 weeks ago, just after it opened. Wow. Atmosphere of a ski lodge; Hooters-style barmaids swarming everywhere in obvious, ridiculously, almost tauntingly-provocative outfits; no choice on size of beers (although they brew their own, and I gotta hand it to them for the effort to do so in a town dominated by Four Peaks) - they serve 'em tall! Okay...I did talk to one really cool girl who is a drummer with a great, friendly personality. We talked music. There was a communication there - aside from "salacious eyes and pouty attitude serving it up to supposedly drooling middle aged men", so I'll give the Twins 3 stars. Maybe I'll be back to talk more music with their best asset.
2	met some friends here for lunch last week and had never heard of the place.  Upon walking in i was PLEASANTLY surprised!  The name "twin peaks" finally made sense and i was greeted by 7 girls wearing VERY not much, and that was nice!the place was full of big screen TVs with all different sports on so that was nice.  the burgers were decent and the price wasn't too bad, but the waitresses were defiantly the best part!
3	The beer is really cold.The service is OK and easy on the eyes.I usually order from the appetizer menu. Good spot for watching sports.
3	Surprisingly good burger. Easy place to unwind after day of travel/meetings. Pricing very reasonable.
3	This may be a decent place to kick back and relax, enjoy a few drinks, and watch a game or two. During commercial breaks, there's plenty of scenery to enjoy.I don't know about the food. I ordered the barbecue burger, and it was decent, but by no means anything special. The fries were pretty good, topped with some kind of seasoning that works well.I'm sure I'll be back once in a while, but I don't think I'd add this to my list of places for a good burger.
4	I have always been a fan of the Twin Peaks brand. It's a lot like Hooters with a lumberjack/lodge kind of feel, but the food is waaaay better. From jalapeno gravy, to a Texas version of a Philly, they took standard bar food and kicked it up a notch.  I have been to the original Twin Peaks, and I've got to say this one has potential. The food was on point, the waitresses seemed involved, and my beer was never empty. The manager ecen came by to see how I was doing. That's always a big plus. I did notice the occasional employee "lost in the sauce", but with a new place, it's to be expected. My only confusion was that the entrance was towards the back of the building instead of the front, where most of the shoppers in the shopping area would be. Be prepared for an Americanized beer service, meaning- the colder and sloppier the better. It's just part of how they do things. I spent six years in Europe, and while, no, it's not proper, it doesn't bother me in the least.
1	OK...  So, my friends and I used to go to Twin Peaks in Scottsdale.  It was fun, but it took 30 minutes to get there, so we didn't go very often.  The food was decent and the wait staff was friendly and able to get our orders correct.  It was also packed every day for lunch, which is generally a good sign.So, imagine our reaction when a new TP opened up on Camelback!  Awesome!My friends went there while I was out of town and said the food and service were awful.  Maybe they ordered wrong...  Maybe they had a bad server.  Who knows.So, we went there last week, so I could do a "quality check".  There were 6 of us.  Everyone got their food at different times.  I ordered fish tacos, which was my go to choice at the Scottsdale location.  The first one was OK, the second one was bad.  I stopped eating after one bite.  At least at this time the server was nice and apologized for all the problems in the kitchen.And today...  (You can see that I really gave this place a chance)  We had more people from out of town that wanted to go for a long lunch.  So, despite my friends original bad experience, and another one the week before, we decided to dare the peaks again.Mistake.One guy recommended wings as he had them at another TP and said they were "decent".  At this point, "decent" was all I was hoping for.  So, I ordered the wings.  Another person ordered grilled chicken strips.  Same usual fire drill.  Long wait for the food, and then everyone receives their meals at different times.  The waitress told my friend with the chicken strips, "Don't worry, your chicken tacos will be out soon."  Um, that's not what I ordered...  I don't want to imagine what happened when she ran away from the table.  Well, the wings were awful.  I challenged myself to eat 3 of them (the most cooked looking ones I could see) and stole some fries from others.  When the grilled chicken strips finally arrived, they looked disgusting.  Like someone had microwaved some chicken strips and then tried to put some grill marks on them.  I told my friend not to eat them.And then.  Oh, there's an and then?  Why yes there is.  The checks.  There were 8 of us.  One guy was paying for 3 people and everyone else was paying separately.  We do this almost daily without issue.  The waitress came back to the table about 4 times before everything was finally corrected and signed.  The one thing I will say, is that it doesn't seem to be the fault of the wait staff.  This place clearly suffers from BAD MANAGEMENT.  I will never go back.
1	So yeah this place opened up close by to me recently so I thought I'd hit it up and see what it was like since on the outside it seemed like a cool place to drink a beer and watch the dbacks and be left alone. Before doing so I skimmed the reviews and saw one that said "Now I know why it's called twin peaks" I knew what they meant by that, but took it with a grain of salt not expecting it to be the full blown love child of basically Cabella's, Hooter's and maybe a strip club and I found the place to be creepy and uncomfortable the whole time. Didn't really care much for how the waitresses would be constantly trying all these different angles to butter me up and play me to part with my hard earned cash like some insecure geek "aw shucks" loser/sucker. I think this place is mostly for the white collar type to safely experience a trailer trash fantasy they have. It totally gave the vibe and feel of a strip club when I used to go. No thanks.
1	I literally had the WORST restaurant experience in the past 10 years last night. If you like being called rude by the manager, having your appetizers show up 30 mins after you order them and your beer forgotten... you should go here. If you don't like that sort of thing, you should go somewhere else. I also found it interesting that our first waitress' attitude changed as soon as she figured out we were a table of gays. Can't help but feel as though that had something to do with the crappy service we received from her.Here are more details. Even after out waitress left our table mid drink order to get another table's drink when he asked her for it, we were never rude to her once nor called her out for that action. However, when I asked where my beer was 15 mins after ordering it (all others had been delivered) and when we told her we wanted to wait to order dinner until our last party member showed up, apparently that was rude. A new waitress showed up and said she didn't know why she was assigned to us. Right after her one of the managers showed up and asked if everything was okay and we told her that we were waiting for our appetizer and my beer. We asked where our other waitress went and the manager told us that she was taken off the table because she said we were being rude to her! What? Why would a manager tell you this even if it was true? Needless to say, we drank our beers, ate the appetizer and left. The experience as we were leaving with manager #2 is even more shocking but, since I didn't experience it first hand, I'll leave it to other members of our party to explain in a post of their own.DO NOT GO HERE.  There are better quality establishments in the same area with better food and better service.
2	Passable food served by attractive waitresses who seem distracted. I think they're over-staffed to the point that none of the girls (yes, "girls" is appropriate in this case: Seeing young females in ridiculous outfits is the only excuse to come here) makes any real money. Lights are too bright, energy is too low. If the attractiveness of the waitstaff is your major concern, try one of the Sam Fox joints, or Del Frisco's. Better food with your scenery in those places.
4	Let's just get straight to the point, this is your new school Hooters, okay, minus the Hootness and 50 classic wings that you can never finish.  The skimpy plaid shirts and khakis are the trick of the trade here.  It works.  You are transported to somewhere up in the pines.  Wooden decor galore like you are in some cabin.  Throw in some flat screens and bar food and you are good to go.  Even the booths are equipped with screens.  This is probably one of the most ideal places to watch a game.  I feel like you can't miss the action.  Food here is pretty decent, I can't complain much except to say, it is...what it is...don't expect a fancy experience.  For the most part its your typical American fare at a pocket friendly cost.  Its definitely good for what it is and you're not breaking the bank.The girls here are super friendly and full of energy.  I'm sure they don't mind the occasional gawking, in fact, its probably an insult if you don't.
1	How is the food here?  Couldn't tell you.  How are the drinks?  Wouldn't have the slightest clue.  The ladies?  Didn't really pay attention, they have places called Gentlemen's clubs for that.  So why the one star? Well, I reached out to this establishment about a week ahead of time to see if they would be playing a boxing match.  Not a PPV match by the way, but just a match on ShowTime.  They replied yes and bring your friends.  So I did and I came, luckily I arrived first, and as we were being seated I specified we were there for the fight, to get a good view.  They stated they would not be playing the fight.  I explained my confusion because of my interaction on Facebook.  I don't know what made more upset my embarrassment from having to redirect my friends or the nonchalant attitude of the manager about the whole situation.  She simply could have cared less.  I posted a screenshot from the interaction on facebook in the pics section in case there was any doubt (the manager on duty seemed to doubt me for whatever reason). http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/twin-peaks-phoenix-2?select=qHhaQGOx05ClrIYB3y0pVA#qHhaQGOx05ClrIYB3y0pVA With all that said, I did not eat there, but I did look at the menu online and if you are in this area I would suggest going around the corner to Half Moon.  They have attractive ladies on staff as well and much better prices, plus they had the common decency to tell me they would not be playing the fight when I asked.
4	Stayed next door at the hotel before catching a morning flight.  Having been to Hooters and a TKs before, I was hoping for something a little better.  It did not disappoint.  I can only speak to the bar area, as it was just me.  They have 14 to 20 beers on tap.  Two were from the local Four Peaks brewery, and several others looked promising.  At $5.25 for a 22 oz microbrew during happy hour that is a pretty good deal.  Had the chicken finger "teaser" which was pleasantly surprising.Here are my suggestions for improvement:Turn down the music just a tad.  I could hardly hear the people two feet away from me I was conversing with at the bar and the bartenders really had to strain to hear my order.Turn up the beer temperature.  Don't get me wrong, 29 degree beer is good, however depending on the alcohol content, beer ingredients start to separate at about 28 degrees.  At one point one of the screens said the beer temp was 27.6 or 26.7.  Probably someone who doesn't know bout beer said colder is better...not always true.Be friendlier.  Your mileage may vary, but the bartenders didn't seem nearly as friendly as the Hooters waitresses I'm used to.  I'm used to annoyingly friendly.  Something in between would be better.No appetizer special for Happy Hour?  What?Expand to Seattle.  It would be great marketing since the old Twin Peaks TV show took place in the Seattle area.
1	The views are scenic but don't expect good service here if they're slow and there's someone there they know. We got there at around 3:30 and our first server was very friendly and attentive. When they changed shifts at 4, the story changed too. The table behind us had either regulars or just guys they liked I'm not sure. 4-5 girls at a time would come over and talk to them including our server. We went nearly 15 minutes without drinks even though the empty glasses were at the end of the table and she walked by a couple of times. Turned out those times were to put in their drink order and then return with them. We were going to leave but a manager came by and noticed our glasses so we stayed for one more round. Didn't help.
3	Cold beer and nice eye candy!!
1	$12 for a half-sized weak margarita?!! Went after work to enjoy happy hour with co-workers and was VERY disppointed. When I asked the server about the pricing, (beause the menu had no prices and the happy hour section was a little confusing) she could of cared less. She wasn't very friendly or had any kind of personality.
4	They have San Tan and Four Peaks beers available which is a great start. The best 'environment' of any restaurant/bar I have been to and TV's as far as the eye can see.I had the Poblano Chicken Sandwich and was hoping for a little more heat but the basket with fries was very good. Beers served in a chilled mug and decent prices.
2	Finally made it out to Twin Peaks. It's got a Mancave type layout, plenty of TV's and good looking waitresses. It was packed during the after-work rush and the ladies were hustling. Service was excellent but the food was disappointing. Obviously, no one comes here for the food but with so many dining options near the Biltmore, its a waste to try any food here. We had the sliders, chicken fingers and Cobb Salad. (All were sub-par)   Tilted Kilt is miles ahead of Twin Peaks with better atmosphere and food. I'd even say Hooters is superior. I'm not a fan of the Cold Beer gimmick or Shot-skis but maybe I'm just getting old. Who's down for Sizzler, next time?
1	This is not about the food or drinks, because we didn't eat. Its about the theme, atmosphere, and employees.We were hungry and looking for a place to eat in this area. I should have looked it up first, but I was enticed by the silly giant deer statue by the patio. I was confused by the sign that offered a "scenic view" in the middle of a shopping center in Phoenix. As we parked, two large men, one looking like some sort of mafia bouncer, and another male employee were outside kind of yelling back and forth and swearing. My first thought was "wow, it looks like going into a strip club". And I was sort of right. Its like a lumberjack themed hooters. The hostess was nice, lots of makeup, less of anything resembling clothing, because the women there are strippers with serving trays. (Except strippers make better money and don't get treated as shitty). We looked over the menu, and there was not an appealing option there. The food selection is limited, probably because most people go to drink and grope coeds. Everyone male there looked crazy happy, and few women customers looked miserable. We waited a few minutes at our table and decided not to stay. It was too uncomfortable, we felt out of place, and the food options sucked. The managers or bouncers or whatever they were had this skeezy attitude when we walked by them. The waitresses and hostesses looked shocked that two women come in by themselves (since there weren't men there to convince us its "because of the food"). I felt a little bad leaving like that, I've worked at restaurants, I know what a pain it is when customers just up and leave, but if I want to pay for nearly naked women I'll go to a strip club.
3	Today was my first time going to this bar/restaurant. I arrived around 10:40PM  I liked the decor  inside and the view of the hot staff.  I was alone today due to my buddies bailing out on me at the last minute due to a family emergency.  I ordered a 22 ounce beer at the bar and looked over the menu.  So i finished looking over the menu and waited for the hot bartender to return to take my order. I waited for 15 minutes and i watched the bartender take a food order from a group sitting next to me. ???? I was very confused as to why the bartender was ignoring me.  I am not bad looking so i was confused. lol  The place was not busy, it was filled up 30%. not too busy for a friday night. If it was really busy I would then understand why the bartender was ignoring me. In a busy bar you have to yell and shout at the bartender to get their attention.   I then walked away from the bar to one of the tables, i expected i would get better service there. Nope, i was again ignored. lol   I then walked up to the front desk and asked to speak to a manager.  I spoke to a female manager and explained to her about this situation. She apologized for the inconvenience and she gave me a discount for my meal.    I ordered the smokehouse burger with fries.  The burger arrived quickly.  The burger was just okay. It was not great.  It was greasy and under seasoned.  I would probably return to this place but not anytime soon. This place has great potential. Great decor, hot staff.  But food is sub par and the staff seems inexperienced.  I was going to give this place 4 stars for how hot the staff looked but alas, i could not with all honesty.
1	My friends and I (male and female) decided to go to twin peaks for dinner on a Tuesday night. My male friends were on their way so it was just my girlfriend and I. We knew the atmosphere of the restaurant was skimpy girls and we didn't care we wanted to go for the experience and to try a new place. We walked in and the hostess seated 2 small groups of gentlemen right in front of us. We arrived at the hostess stand and the hostess told me it would be a 2 hour wait.. 2 HOUR.. as I looked around at the EMPTY waiting area I was confused and just assumed she had a brain fart. She took my number and I sat in the waiting area. Next a group of unattractive men walked in and as they approached the stand the hostess told them 30 minutes after she rolled her eyes as the group approached. Now I am not making assumptions but it looked like she was judging the group. The group of men left and as they left the hostesses giggled in each others ear as they headed out. 10 minutes into waiting a nice looking group of males walking in and were seated right away. At least point I didn't even want to spend my money on this pace. Attitude is everything in a business and the girls you hire with big pushups bras that are fresh out of high school clearly don't understand what customer service is. Will never return
5	Great food, beautiful girls and ice cold beer! 29 degrees!! Wow! It sets a nice setting of a mountain lodge surrounded by tons of huge flat screens. Love this place!
3	Second time going to this location, food is mediocre (typical bar food) but I am writing this review because I was pleasantly surprised with my service both visits. The employee's were not only super friendly, but very attentive. Definitely deserving of a great tip, I will be back.
2	This is my fourth time at this place and lets just say it's getting worse. Food is ok nothing special. The twin cheeseburger I had recently was better than last time. The last couple times the bartenders need to learn how to make drinks, and pour a beer! Mixed Drinks tasted like crap. Idk how you can mess up a jack and coke.lol. If you want a good drink, ask for mary the bartender. Shes the only one that can bartend. The one thing Ill will give them is all there staff is great looking!
3	I've read several disappointing reviews of this place on Yelp, however, I was lured here by friends to participate in an NFL Fantasy Draft and it wasn't at all as bad as I had been led to believe. Caveat: It was a Monday. The beer was a tad on the icy side and had been over poured so that it was running down the side of the mug and had to be cleaned off the table as it was melting. Other than that, there were plenty of servers who attended our every need and were very pleasant overall. The staff was great in my opinion. They were very welcoming to groups conducting fantasy drafts as there were at least 2 other tables of guys doing the same thing as we were. Overall, not to shabby.
4	I recently attended an event here to watch some college football with alumni from the two schools. We had the twin servers attend to us and they did a spectacular job of making sure all our food and drink orders were satisfied. One small glitch was when someone turned all our TV's on to a Tennis match during our game, WTH? Fortunately, that only lasted about twenty seconds.Note to Management - Get a beer menu with a larger typeface so you can actually read the menu and see what's on tap.Yes, the waitstaff is very attractive. That's part of the charm of this place. After all, it's one big man cave. The beer is frigging ice cold, below freezing in fact. That's how beer should be served; especially when you start drinking at nine in the morning. I had a burger to soak up my brewski's. The burger and the fries where excellent. One guy ordered an Average Joe which was three 5-6  inch spicy sausages (Bratwurst). The server was saying that she loved Average Joe's, lol. The only downer to the day was that the bad guys won. But at least I left comfortably numb.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUYzQaCCt2o
5	There are TVs everywhere, including personal screens in every booth where you can pick your game of choice. Portions are big, fried and delicious. Definitely recommend as sports bars go in Phoenix.
1	This place is horrible. If I could give it no stars I would. We went there to watch the boxing match and some dinner. They took our table down and then let us in for $5 dollars to watch the game. They kept letting people in at what I am sure exceeded the maximum capacity. Our table was never called and if they had let us know that we would never get a table I would of never paid the $5 dollars to watch the game. We  would of just went somewhere else. To make up for this they gave us a coupon for an appetizer in which we would have to go back and pay for entree. Such a great deal!! Never got to eat dinner let alone even get a drink. Will not be going back so not sure what I am supposed to do with this coupon.
4	What do you get when you mix a ton of big screen tv's with sports, beautiful women, great and ice cold beer? Twin Peaks- honestly i've been to so many sports bars and beer bars and for me what sets the place apart is great service, great spirit and great food and if that isn't enough the beer is always ice ice cold 29 degrees to be exact
3	Decided to hit this place up for UFC night. It was a good choice and I would go there again. They had a $5 cover and a drink minimum but why not spend if you're at a sports bar. They theme here is very simple:  beer and breasts and yes there's lots of it to go around.Pros:1.  Good beer in good amounts. You don't get a simple little mug for your brew, you get a big, manly mug! 2.  This place must have been inspired by The Man Show. The theme is simple, a sports bar with some serious hotties helping you out. I would definitely say they have the best looking staff out of any "breastaurant" I've visited.3.  I ordered a poblano chicken sandwich. I would say it was pretty good, lot's of bun (no pun intended, or maybe?), and seasoned fries. It was a good filler for my night of fight watching.4.  The staff is definitely friendly but when you're a girl working for tips from a mostly male clientele it's part of the job. Still did their job very well.Cons:1.  Parking was very well advertised so I ended up parking in a far-away spot. Just learn the area first.2.  Major sporting events might charge a cover but it was cheap. Get there early as well or you'll be stuck standing around. Luckily I'm intrepid enough to ask to share a table with people.Overall it's a good place to be a man, do manly things, and feel like a man when leaving. Not sure what that actually means but it works for me.
5	Came here for the first time. Not only is it a great atmosphere but the food is really good. Put it this way there is always some thing good to look at. WOW
3	OK one word DUH .......... " great views"  guess the joke is on me !!! The ultimate joke bomb.  Yes the view is awesome , very distracting actually.  The girls are HOT and were all wearing tiny variations of Santa and elf costumes. They were all very sweet and friendly, explained the menu offered to let us sample beers.  ( this was my first time there )  I'm absolutely in LOVE with their beer Dirty Blonde, it's a great Hefe with just enough sweetness to it. They are serious about their beer being COLD ! 29 F to be exact,  I can't wait to come back in the middle of the summer.  That beer is going to be sooooooo good on a 115 degree day.  I had the green chile meatloaf with mac and cheese.  Also a quesadilla with chili . Both were really good, not your typical bar food.The service was great throughout and we had a terrific time.  They have stolen me away from Tilted Kilt forever !!
3	Place was good, The ladies are fast and efficient  sad they anit have Hennessy but they made up for it . Sports channel is always on   Had a good time
5	First time here. Our server, Amanda, has been wonderful. Drinks and food have been great! Beaitfuk girls and great atmosphere! Wish there was a Twin Peaks closer to home! We were on this side of town for a movie and decided to stop in on our way home and we are pleased :)
4	Fantastic food and ambiance ... the bartenders are fun and personable.  Great place to unwind after a work week.  Definitely try the wings!
4	OK so after my first time here and the bad review management reached out and had me back with a gift certificate.  I stopped in for lunch.  Nice layout to the place.  Good service which is actually an oddity for these types of concepts.  I got Philly cheese steak with the jalapeno and queso option.  It was not just better than expected it was actually good.  Unfortunately the breastaurant concept just isn't my bag, but if I would definitely recommend this place over any others in the genre though.  That aside it is a cool bar and if the drinks were just a tad bit more reasonable I could actually see myself watching sports events here, but I understand the premium price for the concept so no hard feelings.
2	Beautiful girls wearing nothing but panties and bras. Not bad beer selection, could be better but good to see some local brews on tap.Problem was, horrible and I mean horrible service. I said no Onions on my chicken sandwich and it was loaded with salsa that had onions. I told my server and she said scrape them off.Took forever to get a beer. I almost poured my own.Food was ok, nothing special but that is what you get in a chain restaurant, non fresh assembly line type food.Oh well.
1	Today I went to grab a beer at Twin Peaks with a buddy, great clean store, and great layout but I was really put off. After we were served and given our bill, I gave my server a $20 bill. My bill was $8, but given back $6 as change. But that's not the math. When I let my server know she took the folder and walked over to the cash register and "fiddled" around with the change and didn't apologize or speak to me about the mixup, and only spoke to me as I was leaving. I can't help but feel like she was trying to steal from me. It has nothing to do with the amount of money, but the principle of it.I hope you guys rethink who you have working for you, if your server continues to do that, which I am sure has happened before me, you will lose much more than business.
5	Isabella was great!!! I had the steak salad and it was awesome:) the manager checked on us and the entire staff was friendly! The place was packed and everyone was having a great time!
4	Being the Towne & Country Center during a weekend during a peak hour, the parking was kind of scarce. Later on, that clears up. We went inside and were seated immediately...I asked for a booth and we received a booth. There was plenty of seating available. I guess they weren't that super busy. The waitress said that they get really busy during fight nights and such...makes sense. Girls: CuteClothes: Scantily cladSatisfaction: DecentThe place was quite cavernous inside. It kind of seemed like it was decorated by whoever decorates Cabela's to be honest. I didn't mind. There was also flat panel LCD TVs everywhere. Also, there were small 15" TVs on each booth. Quite convenient. Now, as far as the food and service. It was stated that the happy hour was from 4-7PM. It's like $2 off draft beer and appetizers, if I remember correctly. I asked for the chicken tenders and chips and dip since I already ate pizza beforehand. I got a Angry Orchard since when I rarely drink beer, I prefer a cider for the crisp, sweet taste. Friend got a hangover burger for his hangover. The food came relatively fast. It was a few minutes for the beer, another 10 minutes or so for the appetizers, and then another 5 minutes after that for the burger. The burger was good he said. I ate the chicken tenders, fries, chips and cheese dip and they were very good. The cheese solidified quite fast though. The service wasn't bad. Wasn't great either though. Our waitress seemed like she tried her best but didn't come around as much as I figured she would. We were there for like an hour and a half and she came around like 3-4 times even though there wasn't many customers. In any which case, the bill came and it was like $23 for two people. I figured that wasn't that bad.I wouldn't mind coming back here again but more than likely it would have to be happy hour again.
5	I love the vibe here I'm not going to get PPV fights at home when I can go here! Big ups to Calandra and Jackie did a great job!!!!! I loved the Chicken and Shrimp basket it was very filling. If you are a beer drinker please order the man beer it will hit the spot.!!!!
5	Staff is friendly and outgoing.  Aside from the chicken fingers and fire fries the food was initially meh but they've since stepped their game up.  They have a great assortment of beers and there's always ice cold.  It's a good spot to watch a game or just hang out.
3	I've been here a few times, and service hasn't been bad. When we actually got service today, it wasn't bad either. That's why I'm giving 3 stars instead of 1. In the first 10 minutes we were there today, 3 servers walked right past us, including after we got the attention of one girl. They appeared to be socializing with another table. Our server was very attentive, as I said. She did a great job. The highlight of our trip was when one of the hostesses walked past out table yelling, "Someone's gotta pee! Someone's gotta pee!" over and over again. I guess in my profession that's something one keeps to oneself.
5	Great service and Beer could have done without the girl pushing a survey. will return when in town
4	A friend and I went to Twin Peaks to watch a basketball playoff game. Good enough selection of TV's and the happy hr drinks were awesome. $2.75 for a well drink is a pretty good deal, especially when served by one of the many very pretty servers who seem like they actually enjoy their job. Whether they do or not, I'm not sure, but if they don't, at least it didn't show. Chips and queso were really good, and quesadilla was too. So far, this chain has not disappointed and we will likely be back.
4	Had a Great time good eats ICE Cold Beer& the Best Staff. Our server. Marissa was Awesome me & my Wifey will definitely come Back.
5	Tasty house beer, very tasty food.  Nachos are bomb.  Wait staff is very friendly and the TVs are everywhere.  My favorite place to watch the fights, hands down. So many screens there is always a good line of sight. Gets pretty slammed but always well staffed and attentive.
4	Read some of the negative reviews. Surprisingly, it's much better than I had expected. Reasonable prices and I found the some fault with all the negative posts about food and service. Somebody was bashing them and I don't understand why. Walked in, in the late afternoon on a weekday, so service should be easy and fast, but it seems well staffed and management seems to be on their toes. I should know about this since I come from a restauranting family in business of alnost 70 years.
5	Hot Girls , cold beer, and super food !
4	Alright, fine, I know, wtf, I didn't think so either, but yeah, I am doing a review of Twin Peaks. Now, I will confess I am a regular in this place when football season is in full swing, but I can say, without a doubt I come for the games, cold ass beer and great tv coverage. Yes, they do have some lightly clothed waitresses, but that is just a small part of what this place offers. I have never had a beer as cold as Twin Peaks. They serve these things (usually below 30 degrees temp) in a big f*ing glass with a nice slush floating on top. The beer alone is worth the trip! The one thing that knocks this place down a notch is the food. Had a couple things now, but I would only vouch for the queso. Always a great game and good prices at Twin Peaks. Oh yeah, chicks in little lumber gear too. Let's go Broncos!!
4	Good food. Good people. Definitely never going back to a Tilted Kilt ever again.
3	For those looking for a bar out near the Parlor in Biltmore - then Twin Peaks is an option.  Went there after eating dinner at the Parlor - it was pretty empty at around 10pm on a Friday night - not sure why.  Service was good as we only ordered drinks.  I've been to Twin Peaks in Dallas during a peak time and the experience was great - similar to my experience with Tilted Kilt.  Not exactly the same with this experience but willing to give it a second chance in the future.
4	I popped in here for a late night dinner and they hit the spot. The place is pretty cheerful,  like the love child of a sports bar and a log cabin. The menu is pretty limited but they serve late, so I enjoyed yummy fried mozzarella bites, grilled trout and a side salad, washed down by a dirty blonde. Everything was good-not GREAT but good value for what you get in my opinion.  AND I got a happy hour prices on the mozzarella bites and my dirty blonde.There are tons of tvs so this is great place to catch your favorite sports game. The talent here is FAR superior than either Tilted Kilt or Hooters (even when school is in session). The talent working on this particular wren beautiful and very warm and funny so this is not a bad place to check out by any means.
4	Okay, let me start by saying I had no clue about the, ummm, waitresses here. Not that I minded at all, but it was just a little funny (and uncomfortable) when I walked in here with my friend who was here from out of town & staying at a hotel close by. I suggested this place not knowing anything about it, and yes, I blushed when we walked in. This place is pretty solid, though. Both the food and service were good. We came in right as HH was ending, so we didn't get to take advantage of that, but I know they have drink specials & I believe food specials as well. I've always said that I'm a sucker for cheesy theme bars/restaurants so I liked that whole "lodge" vibe at Twin Peaks. As far as food goes I had the fish tacos and they were solid. They give you a ton of food here. I had three tacos that came w/chips & salsa. They tacos had a bit of kick to them, but were tasty. We also split an order of queso dip, which was yummy.At the end of the day Twin Peaks is a pretty solid restaurant. It's different than most other places in this area and I'm a fan.
2	Thought I would be stating the obvious but male Elite Yelpers were too generous with there reviews of this spot. Yes, the eye candy here is what makes the place but there should be some regard to service as well. Yes we went during a Cardinals MNF game but got there before it started. Our server had no clue how to describe even the two house beers or anything about it. She just knows the canned response about would you like to try brunette or blonde and would you like to start off with an appetizer. If those are the things you are promoting be able to describe it! Right?She didn't know what wines were available didn't know which ones on her cheat sheet were red or white.I get it, most fellas don't come here for wine but if you are a server expect people to order wine. After the drink order is placed a girl brings the wine and truly ten minutes later when I ask about my beer she tells me bar is backed up and thats why I havent got my beer? So did the wine not come from the bar? When the third girl comes with the beer she guesses two random tables before getting to me. While on the patio that happened to two other tables different girls for different order items could never get it right. Both times third try was the charm.. We ordered the chicken tender basket(reasonably priced ) realy liked the honey mustard. No ketchup at the table and no plates. I ask for plates ketchup and Tabasco from the girl who brought out food(not our server) . We never see her again.  When our server comes back I ask for all three she later comes back with 2 of 3. My patience is being tested but I tell myself I don't need Tabasco because by the time she brings it my fries will be done. I see a guy nearby who also was waiting on a beer for sometime when a manager comes by and does his table check he apologizes brings him the beer and comps it. This was yesterday when it was really muggy after our record rainfall but they didnt think to turn on the awesome mister thing they have until almost halftime. Life would have been so much more pleasant if those were on earlier. Also, they kept trying to time the commercials to play music but started off with some horrible 80's music during commercials but they were constantly off on when they cut the music and came back to game sound. Whats the big deal with letting the commercials play through?In a nutshell if you are coming here just to watch sports and admire the female shape you are in a good place. If you want decent service and the female shape on display  try Tilted Kilt or Hooters. Best of both worlds.
5	Love this bar! The owner is fabulous and the girls are super attentive! During a "big fight", the owner reserved us a booth to watch our college game. They even let me borrow a phone charger.
4	This place was pretty legit since their beer in happy hour was at a good price and freezing cold beer :) also the steak salad was amazing !
4	I came in late one night & sat at the bar. It took forever for the bartender to take my order, after 30 minuets I headed out the door, never got my food. really poor service this time.(Next Visit)Way to pick up the ball & run with it Candice! Good job, fast service & really good food. Thanks again Andy for reaching out.
4	I went with two other friends for happy hour. The beers were super cold and they have a nice variety of appetizers.  I especially love the fried pickles and the pulled pork sliders. The hostess and the waitress were very friendly. I will definitely go back.
4	First time i have been here. Decided to come because i had read the reviews from other yelpers. Had been shopping all day was in the area and wanted to catch the last half of a football game and have an ice cold micro brew. The brew was awesome and cold. My server Tina was on the ball , she really took care of us even tho this is suppose to be a man cave(as usual i was on an adventure with mom, which is always fun). We decided to split the fish tacos(always my favorite)because we heard they were so good (dissappointed) were not that good. We mentioned it to Tina and she had David the manager come over right away and he took care of the problem. we switched to the chicken tacos and they were awesome. We will deffinetly go back. Loved the service. Thank you Tina for your service. Thank you David for taking care of the problem. BTW We do not find the servers outfit offensive or riskay at all. They were very cute.
5	This is a fantastic place.  I went here for lunch (first timer) just to check the place out and sample a few of their offerings.Firs, our waitress was Francesca, and she is off the charts amazing, very attentive and personable.  When you go in ask for her and tell her "Attorney Steve sent you off Yelp"As far food, I tried a few things I didn't love, but found paradise in the doublecheeseburger, macaroni and cheese (make sure you ask for double cheese or you will get a noodle dish).There are sports TV"s EVERYWHERE, which is amazing, but also a very cool rustic cowboy theme that is really fun.As for the beer, they had a nice selection, best bet is the "Manly size" (more bank for your buck - plus all those cute girls there will look at you funny if you roll up for the "woman's beer" as they call it.  Go big or go home as they say.All in all, we will not be driving by and missing this place as much as we have done.  Its a great place to head to when you want burgers, beers, sports, and hot friendly waitresses in a cool environment.  Well done gang!Attorney Steve Vondran, Esq.The Business & Real Estate Lawyerhttp://www.vondranlegal.com
3	Very displeased with my recent visit , I came in Saturday evening which I normally don't do since I am working ,but hey I got off early let me get my 29 degree beer ;). I asked the waitress if there was happy hour going on right now and she said "yeah sure whatever" , so me and my friends drank a few more beer extra . When we got our bill we noticed that the bill was full price , we asked the waitress if it was happy hour and she said "Ohhh today is Saturday , I totally forgot ! " she said it in a way like she didn't care and shrugged it off and giggled and walked away cards didn't even talked to the manager to say how to make it better . Like really I am server as well and i have been in that postion when you own up to your actions and say "hey boss I messed up can you help me out please " , it's been weeks since I came back !
4	We came here for a grad party with ten people. We did not have a reservation but were seated right away and they had a table that could accommodate us. Our waitress was Nicole. She had drink orders in for us before we even looked at the menus which is in heard of for a party our size!We rate on four areas:1. Atmosphere: plenty of seating with numerous TVs playing various programs, they even TVs in the booths! This is a sports bar with waitresses dressed like sexy lumberjacks. This place was fun with a really cool vibe.2. Food: Don't be fooled into thinking this is just bar food! The food is actually really really good. The menu was diverse with items on it that you don't typically see at a sports bar. You must get a beer! It's the coldest I've ever had!3. Service: I was amazed with the service considering the size of our party. My drink never went empty before she ordered me another. Thank you Nicole!4. Other observations: the parking is confusing. The front door is on the backside of the building where there is another parking lot that we didn't even know was there. They have really cool sinks in the bathrooms. Overall great place and I would definitely recommend it!!!
4	Now I know why they call this place Twin Peaks!  Wings were good def better than Hooters.
1	Cute girls, service sucks bad and the have no personality. .. not a great experience. .. i will never come back.... go ASU!
3	Frosty beer and cute girls but service is horrible! Sat for 15 minutes or so before getting any kind of service. Once I got service it took an additional 10 minutes or so before I got my beer. Food is decent but took forever.
5	I have to say that the service and food were very good on our trip to watch the second half of the cards game.  However, the real reason for my post is to give a big shout out to the manager, David.  I left my iPhone on the patio (stupid me) and he went above and beyond to help me and my patient husband retrieve it.  We would come back here any time!
5	I've eaten here twice in the past three days,  and I love it.  Good choice of food,  well prepared and presented,  great customer service each time, very nice ambience,  great scenery and great energy. Highly recommended.
5	Okay, I know what you're probably thinking.  Five stars for a sports bar?  I must be one of those "superbro" types.  I am certainly a sports fan, but I can assure you I very seldom frequent sports bars.  Typically because the food is terrible, the noise level is over the top, or the service sucks (see my review of Half Moon).  Or perhaps you're thinking I'm one of those dudes that gets starry eyed by female waitresses in skimpy outfits.  And sure, I (generally speaking) find women attractive, but pretty girls alone aren't what gets me out to a restaurant.  Whether its a sports bar, a regular sit down restaurant, a food truck or whatever, I usually only give high marks (and recommend return trips) to establishments that deliver a quality experience.  Great food, great service and great atmosphere are all necessary to get high marks in my book.  If I came here more frequently, perhaps my feelings on this place would moderate a bit.  But tonight was surprisingly awesome on a number of fronts.  Most shockingly, the food.Twin Peaks has locations all over the country, but tonight was my first time coming here.  I was invited to meet up with some guy friends here to watch a college football game (it also just happened to be UFC fight night).  I agreed, but my expectations of the place were pretty low.  This location is set back in the corner of a shopping complex on the southeast corner of 20th Street and Camelback.  Be sure to park south of the restaurant as parking north of there can be a chore.As the restaurant's name sake suggests, the restaurant's look resembles that of a high country hangout.  The interior looks like a giant expansive cabin that just so happens to have a sports bar inside.  The place is remarkably clean and well put together for a sports bar almost to the point of being refined.  Theres a ton of seating and TVs as you'd expect.  And there's also a sizable outdoor patio with plenty of TVs to boot.  This place is truly built for big events (NFL, UFC, etc).At first glance, the menu isn't anything impressive.  Sure, there's burgers, salads, various appetizers that you would expect.  But one item in particular caught my eye.  They prominently advertise a pot roast dinner that includes potatoes, green beans, carrots, and a pot roast smothered in gravy.  All in a cast iron skillet.  I figured why not.  Again, my expectations were low, but my attitude about this place changed instantly with that first bite.  The pot roast itself was insanely tender meat that cut easily with a fork.  The veggies were blanched just right and soaked up that delicious gravy beautifully.  And those lightly seasoned, thick cut potatoes were also a delicious accompaniment.  Seriously, there isn't a single thing I would've changed about this dish.  I was so impressed, I figured I'd give one of their desserts a try.  So I went with a blonde brownie topped with two scoops of ice cream, chocolate sauce, and whipped cream.  Again, a solid dish.  A soft warm brownie filled with nuts and topped with two very generous scoops of vanilla.  Really meant to be shared, but I took care of it on my own since no one else wanted dessert.Our server Lindsay was extremely friendly, professional, and attentive to us even with a packed house full of football and UFC fans.  She came by no less than once every 5 minutes to check on us and refill our drinks.  Also, the manager was nice enough to give us a pass on paying the usual $5 UFC night cover charge, asking only that we tipped our waitress generously (which was fine as she certainly earned it).All totaled the final price for my pot roast dinner, brownie, two beers, tax and tip came out to $40.  Given the portions and the quality of the food, it was money well spent.  We had a great time watching the game and even partook in UFC watching for the evening.  I can't speak for the other Twin Peaks locations, but this particular location exceeded all my expectations for the evening.  If I need a go-to sports bar with the guys in the future, this place will be right at the top of my list.
2	Food is excellent. Service sucks. I'm writing this review because I'm looking across the bar at a man holding up his glass as the bartender walks by (not the 1st time) without getting another beer. My waitress is quick to replace my tab in the shot glass before me, but it still takes almost 5 minutes to get my beer.
2	My husband and I have eaten here a few times and food good, good  service but today had to write???as we were pulling into the parking lot this lady was turning into the parking lot and was slamming her steering wheel upset that we weren't moving fast enough for her!  As we parked we looked over at where she parked I her car...in the motorcycle area and nor even in one parking space but 2 and was in a mood wouldn't even look over at us. I then found out when we were eating she is the Owner ...thinking here we're spending money pulling into her establishment and...rude! We will take our Busn elsewhere.
3	Dana was awesome.. Love her! Came for a little day drinking and didn't try the food. Bloodys were on point, same shot came out all different colors.. Bar needs some work but enjoy the environment..
5	We went to watch the UFC fight. That was a great place to do it. Tv.s everywhere. The food and beer were very good. Just don't sit outside if its cold out. The heaters aren't that good.
5	my friend and I come here all the time and it's because of the customer service and the great food we like the management really cares about us feel welcome every time I understand there's a lot of stress for some serversthe food is great and the food is deliciouseven though the girls get stressed at work they don't show it and they always greet customers respectfully and with a happy cheerful attitude.the girls are so fun! Most are working themselves thru college,work out at the gym all with a heathy attitude!
5	Great TVs cold beer outstanding service. Try the pot roast-best thing on the menu. Wait staff is very friendly and attentive. Any small or big sporting event this is the place!
