3	The Cafe at Harrah's really shouldn't be as busy as it is.  Located next to Ming's Table, the long line is easily misleading.The 24 hour cafe serves up your standard fare.  They have a special breakfast menu from 6 am to 11 am, and then an all day menu.  Posters advertising their lunch specials for $7.77 are what brought us in yesterday morning.  (And I'm sure it brought many others in, as well.)  When we finally got seated, the breakfast menu was brought out and we asked about their lunch specials.  There were only three options to choose from and they looked far from special.  (I wish the waiter had offered the all day menu to peruse as well.)  There was a steak special that started at 2 pm, and our waiter was quick to tell us he didn't recommend it.  (We appreciated his honesty at least!)I ended up with the Corned Beef Hash breakfast ($10.99).  It comes with two eggs your way, hash browns, and choice of toast, bagel, or English muffin.  Yes, the corned beef hash was salty and basic.  I was a bit disappointed.My aunt ordered the Bone-In Ham and Eggs Breakfast ($14.99) and it was a hearty chunk of ham.  She had leftovers.My other aunt  ordered the Lox and Bagel ($10.99) and it was accompanied by an herb spread, capers, a hard-boiled egg, red onions, and tomato slices.  The breakfasts took a little while to arrive, which was surprising when our neighbors got their food way before we did.  Our water glasses were rarely refilled, we actually helped ourselves to their makeshift water/OJ station right next to our table. We didn't appreciate the extra $1.99 charge for salsa that appeared on our bill.  (Uh, don't they usually tell you when things cost extra?)Overall, it's expensive and not worth the price.  My mistake was not planning a breakfast/brunch place ahead of time because we would have paid more for better food and better experience.  With this price, you might as well go to the lunch or breakfast buffets instead!
4	Went in for late night munchies after drinking too much and losing all our money. Ordered the appetizer sampler, hamburger and breakfast plates. All were great and the bill was only like $35. Not a bad joint, I think.
1	I ate here because I was starving and it was 1am.There were no other easy places to eat....So I had their 10.95 steak and shrimp special... heh... I even laughed when I ordered it.Wow, was it terrible.But it's my own fault :)HA!Menu was pretty boring, service was bad, obviously the 10$ steak was poor.. ha.Yeah, next time I'll just walk half a block to Dennys instead.
3	best place to get steak&eggs at 5 in the morning after a hards night of work of gambling. After losing all my winnings from my UFC bets at the poker table I was feeling pretty crappy...But how quickly you can recover riding a hot streak at the 10 buck blackjack table.  with just 2 5buck chips left I got lucky and made all my money back and then some. What better way to celebrate than treating everyone to a hearty breakfast on house money.came here for dinner the previous night before - had the steak&shrimp platter : mad decent, a lil below par from your sizzler plat but all in all i killed it and was stuffed and it was only like 10 bucks. Our waiter was a geezer who impressively took down our table of 7 orders down without making a single notation- who then came back 10 minutes later because he was confused to who had ordered what.ROCK ON HARRAHS!
1	Roaming around in the humid summer weather at Vegas, me and my friend were searching for a place to eat at. ....Now I wish we had ventured elsewhere. Food was medicore and took quite a while to arrive. There was nothing special and nothing about this place stood out. It was pretty.....meh. *yawn*This place would probably only be good if you're drunk. At least everything would taste good to you. You're better off spending your money elsewhere...like at the buffets here. For the price I had to pay here, I won't ever come here again...1.3 stars
1	After standing for about 8 hours without nothing to eat at the tradeshow, we were not picky; of course this was the mistake of having to stop by the first place we see... lo and behold.... Cafe at Harrah's. I have to say that I regret this very much and I hope to never be in this situation again. And am greatfully blessed with very strong immune system. Anyways, so my boss and I didn't waste any time to get in an empty line waiting to be seated. Of course most casinos have 2 lines, one for the diamond customers and one for the non-charitable customers like myself... It took them 20 min. to get us seated and it's not like anybody was fighting to be seated and it wasn't the most happening place to even be seen for goodness sake. when we finally got seated, the menu seems very enticing... country fried steak with mashed potatoes... salisbury steak, roasted chicken... after a long day of absolutely nothing in our stomach, this was the comfort food we both needed, not knowing what's to come!So Sandy got the salisbury steak and the waitress stopped her before she even picked her sides to not order that. She said that everything on the menu is good to eat except the salisbury steak. That should have been a red flag to get up and run for dear life. But we were so weak there is no way in hell i could have walked out of there empty stomach after such a long wait! so basically their new recipe for the salisbury steaks contains some mystery meat and red dye. I couldn't stomach what else she was going to say so i zoned out. My boss decided to get the country fried steak and i got the roasted chicken.Well after 30+ min. of waiting and the place is half empty, this was around 9pm by the way... the food finally came. i was overwhelmed by the size of the food. i literally got half a chicken sitting on my plate and sandy's country fried steak was the size of a belgian waffles. for those who never had belgian waffles.. let's just say... it's HUGE. we thought, wow, for the price it was pretty damn cheap... well after waiting for so long to finally eat, i had bypassed the hunger stage and the size of the chicken really didn't sit well for me. the chicken tasted like store bought walmart rotisserie chicken... and til this day, we're still questioning sandy's country fried steak smothered in some mystery gravy. overall, it just wasn't appetizing and the service was horrible. we had to wait so long to be seated, then be fed and waited for our water... i feel sick just thinking about it... i will never make a decision to pick a restaurant to ease the hunger on an empty stomach again.
2	after roaming around wet, snowy las vegas looking for an open, cheap meal, we landed here, and everyone else is right -- the steak and shrimp meal is forgettable. find a hot dog stand or something if you're dying.the bread pudding (see picture) and coffee is worth a stop if you're just dying to eat SOMETHING. it's cheap and good, and it's not "real food" but hey, it's really yummy. you won't regret it.
1	Go to the buffet - trust me you'll get more bang for your buck.Wife and I had breakfast here on morning when the line for the buffet was longer and we thought we wouldn't spend as much on breakfast. Wife ordered biscuits a gravey and I had french toast. Wife's arrived and looked good except for the still-cold shredded cheese on top. It wasn't melted at all. I think my french toast came from the same batch as what was served in the buffet. On top of that, our server was completely unpleasant. The coffee sucked too.Seriously, if you want breakfast, go to the buffet.
2	My husband and I had a few meals here. The wait can be long, but that's expected more often than not. The lat night wait staff was cheerful and friendly. They kept our beverages full and overcompensated for the slow food service.The food was the average cafe fair. We had sandwiches the first night. The fries were cooked to perfection, all were crispy. The fries were not over seasoned or over cooked. The sandwiches, well- it's difficult to mess up a French Dip and Tuna Melt. So no comment there.The second evening we decided to try our luck again at this Cafe. We had enjoyed the wait staff from the night before so we tried it again. The food was disappointing, the service for dinner was even more disappointing. For the economy being as weak as it claims one would expect the service to go out of their way for tip money. My husband ordered French Toast for dinner. The waitress told him it would be a 30 minute wait. FOR FRENCH TOAST??? He didn't back down. She never checked on us, never topped off our drinks. Gave me a set of filthy cutlery for my steak. My husband's French toast was ok, but again, a half hour wait for French Toast is ridiculous. I had the Special- Flat Iron Steak and Fried Shrimp, veggies of the day, and a baked potato. By the time our food was served my shrimp were cold, the baked potato was served to me with absolutely no condiments, the stead was edible but I have had better. The steamed vegetables were slightly harder than baby food. So overall a very disappointing meal.
3	$5.99 "steak and eggs" im not sure what can be legally classified as steak but even at medium rare i still couldnt chew. i think it actually hurt my teeth to the point that i couldnt really finish the rest. but it was 5 am so what more can i say? its great for people tryin to sober up.it was really cold too.
1	I dropped in here for the first time just after arriving to Vegas late on a Wednesday night and checking into Harrah's.  My friends and I were a bit tired and hungry when we arrived at the hotel and after checking in, we decided to try out the $8.99 steak and shrimp special at the Harrah's Cafe that we heard about online.  Upon arriving at the Cafe, we were seated quickly (not very crowded around midnight on a Wednesday) and began looking around for some type of sign or section of the menu that mentioned the steak and shrimp deal that we saw online.  We didn't see any mention of it anywhere.  We then waited a good five minutes for our server to come to our table to ask about drinks and take our order.  We thought that 5 minutes was a bit long when the cafe was pretty empty.  We sat around and watched all of the other tables being quickly served and taken care of as we sat for about five minutes being ignored.  We then saw the cause of the wait.  We were lucky enough to be served by the world's slowest waitress.  We waited and waited as she slowly crept closer to our table.  She finally arrived and we inquired about the steak and shrimp special.  She said it did exist and then asked us if we wanted the $3.00 beer with it.  We said sure, not realizing that the $3.00 beer meant we were getting Miller High Life.  We also ordered an order of buffalo wings as an appetizer.  We then sat and sat some more as people who came in far later than us were having their food served to them.  One couple came in after us, ordered, and finished their food before we even got ours.  Well, the food finally came and of course there were no buffalo wings on the serving tray.  As the waitress slowly crept away again, we stopped her and said "Excuse me, you forgot the buffalo wings we ordered".  The waitress's response was, "I thought you ordered onion rings".  To which we said "No, but where are the onion rings then?".  She stood there for a moment and said "I forgot your wings, I'll place the order now".  Knowing that it would be another 30 minutes until we got those, we told her to just forget the wings.  We then dug into our steak and shrimp specials.  We ordered what we thought were going to be NY strips cooked medium rare.  What we got were small cuts of (hopefully) NY strips weighing between 4 and 5 ounces at best and completely charred and burned and cooked well well done.  It appeared they took one steak and cut it into three pieces to serve to the three of us.  After scrapping most of the black char off with a knife, we ate the small bits of barely edible meat left over.  The fried shrimp was decent, but not that great.  The only decent thing on the plate was the baked potato and green beans.  After another long wait, our waitress brought the check and my wife asked for a refill on her Sprite.  The waitress said sure, but we never saw her again.  After waiting another 5 minutes, we just asked a bus boy to please get the Sprite for us.  A few nights later, I finally did see a mention of the steak and shrimp special, it was on the big marquee billboard on the Strip in front of Harrah's.  This was only our first experience here at the Harrah's Cafe, but the bad food combined with the bad service means we won't be back to give them another try.
1	$5.99 Steak and Eggs Special. Daily midnight to 6am.Small portion. Nasty tough steak. Liquid eggs.(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/G9OOkWH5rLHN3DKNPMv1lg?select=3Vvmnss0ZjMdoeiPnXH_3Q)The server was horrible. Party of 9, he refused to take our orders on paper. Instead he made us raise our hands. First with the steaks: "Who wants medium?" "Who wants medium-rare?"  Then with the eggs: "Who wants what?" It was even more frustrating since he couldn't remember our orders and had to ask again.Don't ever come here for the Steak and Eggs Special. (Read my previous review)
1	We were on our way back to The Venetian when we saw the sign for the $5.99 steak and eggs and though "why not". The janitor who was vacuuming next to us started laughing and we should have taken that as a sign. There were only two people ahead of us in line so we were seated quickly. After a few minutes someone came to take our drink orders. We were ready to order since we all had our hearts set on the steak and eggs, but the guy would not take our order since he was just in charge of drinks apparently. We also later heard him chewing out a fellow employee. It was loud enough for us to hear even though they were in the back. After a few more minutes a pleasant young waitress came to take our food orders: 7 steak and eggs. It took a long time to get our food. People who came after us got their food first, although I think the size of our group had something to do with that. We got so bored we started playing Keno. Two new employees that we had never seen before brought our food. It was interesting how overstaffed the place seemed compared to the other little coffee shops in Vegas. Still, that didn't mean we got good service. After dropping off the food, the only other employee that came to our table was the waitress dropping off the bill and telling us to pay up front; which was about 2 minutes after getting our food. The steak and eggs looked good, but the steaks were so tough. It was actually kind of hard to cut them with steak knives. They went through the effort of sticking the little flag in each steak to indicate how they were cooked, but each one seemed at least medium-well. The eggs, hash browns, and toast were edible though. It was actually a good bonding experience in the end. We joked about how horrible our meal was the rest of the trip. I thought that maybe we just had a bad meal or maybe they cut corners on the special, but seeing all the other bad reviews on here, I wonder if maybe they just have no idea what their doing. The best part of our meal was the really nice Keno runner.
4	Sadly, it looks like everyone who posted here had a horrible experience with their $5 Steak & Eggs.My group was lured to the cafe by their $8 Steak & Shrimp, which we unanimously found delicious. The steak (at medium-rare) was nearly perfect, and the shrimp was excellent.While I've never their $5 Steak & Eggs, I will definitely go back for lunchtime $8 Steak & Shrimp. It definitely beats a $40 buffet.------In addition, their service was fast. We hinted that we needed to be somewhere, and they picked up that we were in a rush. We got our meals within 10 minutes. That's good service.
2	Yeah yeah, I know It's a steal to get steak and eggs at at $5.99 but seriously...Do I really need to wait 45 min. for shit!? I'm starving and you aren't making it any better. I mean Its 4:30 am and this place ain't exactly hoppin'! I guess I just expected better. The service was kinda bad too. I mean can you refill my water once...please!? You get two stars anyway because it's cheap and what else is one to do at a time like this!!!
1	OMG, we stayed at Harrah's and happened to past by the cafe after clubbing and saw this huge steak and eggs deal for $5.99. When the food came, the steak was so chewy and wasn't cooked right. The hashbrown was cold, the only thing that was decent are the eggs.
1	Don't go here. Waste of time. Waste of money. This place was a very bad impression of Vegas.We got there at 5:45AM, hoping to catch the steak and eggs deal. Guess what... we didn't get it! Guess why?! The  hostess was being rude and unreasonable. (I really had to leave our colorful words). There were plenty of empty tables and the place was not packed.We got seated a little before 6AM, and we were told we can't get the deal. How annoying!!There was this nice couple behind us that got out of line since the wait was too long and ended up getting back in it because this place was the only one opened within walking distance.This place itself is a ripoff and me and the group weren't too hungry and we were planning on sharing. It was like a $2.99 EXTRA PER PERSON TO SHARE. WHAT THE FUCK. That is the stupidest thing I've ever heard of. The waitress was a little bitch too. Just because we are younger than the rest of the crowd, it does not mean we should be treated differently.We were fed up and ordered to-go. There was a fee for that too. It was to a point where it was like "Fuck this" and there wasn't much we could have done since they seated us. My group didn't want to be the rude ones who were seated for a few minutes and stood up and left.This place is ridiculous. Don't go here. Save your money and go to the buffet in Harrah's. It is much better.
1	Are you kidding me?  CRUNCHY pancakes. Horridly slow service.  Terrible coffee. Reconstituted powered eggs.  Extremely over-priced... Will never come back here. Do yourself a favor and just get a muffin from the Starbucks on property for breakfast.I'd give this place zero stars if I could!  It was probably the lowest point of the whole weekend.
3	This cafe isn't as bad as many yelpers say it is.  I've eaten here many times and have always been satisfied with their food and had decent service.  It's no Grand Lux Cafe, that's a fact.  But everytime I stayed at Harrah's, this place was always reliable when I needed to get some food at any time of the day.  Sure, for a few dollars more I could just walk over to Flavors, but there's just sometimes when I'm not in the mood for a buffet and could settle for a single entree.
1	$6.99 Steak & Eggs?!?!  I was extremely excited...and you let me down.  I think my jaw still hurts from the chewy steak I consumed that night...thank God for A-1 steak sauce.
2	We visited this cafe for lunch because we arrived Las Vegas much earlier than expected - which is a good start for pigging out. After checking in at Harrah's we immediately visited the cafe for some American food. I ordered a 3-egg breakfast with sausage patties while he ordered the steak sandwich with fries. The waiter was nice but the service was really really slow. It took them around 30 minutes to serve our food while we were so starving due to the long drive in the early morning. Food portion is huge, but my breakfast scrambled eggs had too much water in it. Did they add water while doing scrambled eggs?! Hash brown is so-so too. His steak in the sandwich was not tender enough and tasted a bit chewy. Don't recommend.
3	The food was alright. I had lunch here a few times during my stay. It is very affordable and their dishes are big size.
2	My brother-in-law and I dropped in here between microbrew stops on our little tour of Vegas microbrews.  As best as I can recall it was around 11:30 at night and we realized that besides a light meal we split earlier in the evening we hadn't had dinner.  After leaving Sin City Brewing and walking around debating where to go next hunger crept up on us.When this happened we were in front of Harrah's.  So we walked in and ambled our way around to the Cafe at Harrah's.  The prices were reasonable and the food was reasonably mediocre.  We each had a 1/2 sandwich and bowl of soup.Our service was bizarre.  We were sitting caddy corner and the waiter first approached from behind both of us, silently appearing like Dracula from out of nowhere.  The rest of the meal he would only arrive in this manner.  When he left the check I put it out on the table where he would have to come to the front of the table to reach it.  After he had walked by several times without picking it up I suggested that maybe he would only get it if it were on the corner between us and he could grab it  from behind.  I moved it there and within a moment he slipped up from behind and nabbed it.  By this time we were referring to him as our backdoor friend.
4	Had the chicken fried steak with buscuits and gravy.  Good panfried steak with good gravy.  Most places will deep fry the steak.  This one is pan fried and tastes much better.
3	This place isn't bad, but it definitely isn't the best. My first night stay we made our way down to the Cafe since we didn't know where else to eat at the time. I ordered the fish and chips which came out extremely fast. (All the food came out really fast). The plates were covered with the plastic topper which had my fish and chips all soggy, pretty disgusting. Others had the Salisbury steak which didn't taste that great and was more like meat loaf.. they also had the chicken fried steak which was pretty good and a large portion. The prices at the Cafe are a bit steep, so make sure you look outside for specials because I made that mistake the first night.. the second night I was aware of the 9.99 special (steak and shrimp, which also came with veggies and a baked potato.) That was a pretty good deal. I know they also have steak and eggs for 9.99 from 1AM-6AM? Something like that.
2	After a drunken day by the pool, a light dinner, getting ready to go clubbing, pre-partying, taking a limo to XS, clubbing at XS, my feet aching, and taking a limo back... I was ending my night with a pang of hunger and a headache that was developing from probably the worst hangover ever.  I WANT STEAK AND EGGS. Bottom line, I'm too drunk to care what I eat. But damn, steak and eggs sound bomb at 4am after a night of dancing. Of course I'm not expecting filet mignon and a glass of red. At 6.99, Steak and Eggs never tasted so good. It comes with a side of toast and hash brown. They butter your toast, so I recommend getting your eggs sunny side up and dipping your toast in the yolk. And then, take a huge bite of steak doused in A1 sauce, and cleanse your palate with a big bite of hash browns. Ahh satisfaction. It sucks that I can't give this place more stars considering the quality is whatevers. I give them two stars for being cheap, and being open 24 hours!Oh also, their 6.99 steak and egg special isn't all the time...I think it starts at 4am?
3	I ate breakfast here while staying at Harrahs this past weekend. Our waitress was an older woman that was really friendly and cute. We got exactlu what we wanted plus more for not too much money. The food was ok quality.. nothing too great. but it did work for our hang over :)
2	Menu looks better than the food taste.  Its a cafe in a crowded casino, so the prices are certainly inflated.  $3.99 for a glass of milk?
1	Overpriced, 3.99 for a glass of milk or ices tea. I ordered drinks and after I saw the price didn't order food. Try something else. I know Vegas isn't exactly kid friendly anymore but no kids menu, really?
5	STEAK AND EGGS HERE ARE BY FAR THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD!Walking out still in a drunken stupor and sitting down and eating one of these babies is the highlight of my Vegas trip (I know fatty status for sure). The last time I went they had a Prime Rib and Eggs special. HOLY FUCK! IT WAS SO FREAKING DELICIOUS.I've converted all my friends who's gone with us on our Vegas Expeditions. TRY IT, YOU WON'T REGRET IT
3	The cafe was great. We went here after we checked out and had to waste some time before our airport shuttle came to get us. We were seated right away. The food came quick and it was very good. We had breakfast- Texas French Toast, Eggs, bacon, coffee. It was all good, and the prices were reasonable. Def convenient when you are staying at Harrahs.
1	The food is bad for you in all sorts of ways. The service is not so great. Props for being open 24hours and seating our large group quickly (diamond club member, what). You're better off paying less at Denny's for better food otherwise. Waiter was friendly, but slow in bring food, check, water. It's ok if you're gambling the day away and need to kill some time from losing all of your money, but I've had way better at other hotel cafes.
1	SERVICE SUCKS!! Got our drinks after we got our food. The restaurant was not even busy. After we got our separate bills, our waiter alberto had messed up our orders and proceeded to tell us they did not split checks. failed to mention that before end ordered.
3	Drunk and roaming Harrah's, the $10.99 Prime Rib deal lured us in, but we didn't notice the fine print. The deal is for an 8 oz prime rib with veggies. No mashed potatoes. It would be an extra $2.99 for mashed potatoes, so you would just be better off with the other prime rib meals offered. Also, the steak came out a bit dry when ordered at a Medium, so go for Medium Rare if you want Medium. The food is subpar, but the service given by Ivan was excellent, even though he was waiting on several tables. His service alone would have been 5 stars.
3	It was ok, but for a strip hotel, I expected better actually.  It was a strange location - almost in the Harrahs lobby.  The waitress didn't get my breakfast order quiet right and forgot to bring me a fork, but I ordered a 14 dollar fruit plate.  And it was good!  I got so much I could not eat it all.  Bananas, berries, yougurt, I think granola too.  It was great!  Just a bit pricy and the atmosphere is eh.  It's pretty much right in the action and I think you can play Keno while you are sitting there.
2	Gave this 2 stars because the food was just okay.  We hit the Cafe about 3 or 4 times for the $5.99 Steak and Egg special.  The eggs were cooked well, the steak was very thin and had a lot of fat.  But for $5.99 between the hours of 2 and 5am, who cares!   Note: there are absolutely NO substitutions for the special.  A friend of ours didn't like eggs and asked for more potatoes and they would not do it.  We also ate breakfast here one morning and it was average.  A bonus is that you can play KENO while waiting for your food.  I would say if you are drunk, hung over, or cheap it's definately the place to go.
1	Undercooked egg, overall very poor
3	It is exactly what it says it is.  Food was tasty - nothing to write home about.  Atmosphere was like a casino cafe.  No complaints but no raves either.
1	Terrible, awful service.  The place was over half empty and for some reason there was a waiting line at the hostess table.  It simply doesn't make sense.  From what I saw, all of the employees are 50+ year old women who don't give a shit about their service.  After 10 minutes I was seated...again most tables were empty...why the wait?  A runner did ask for my drink order and brought my OJ out without an issue.  Then I waited.  And waited.  And waited.  There wasn't even anyone around to complain to...finally after 15 (no joke) minutes, I got up and walked to the cashier to pay for my $5.99 glass of juice.  I explained to the cashier what happened and she told me there was no charge.  So kudos to her.
1	Terribly slow and rude service. Perhaps I should wait to try the food, but we've been here an hour and with no food in sight, I'm left with no option but to judge the establishment on the incredibly poor treatment of customers.  How a Las Vegas establishment gets away with this type of service is beyond me. Hostess was rude and apathetic, drink waitresses was rude and possibly suicidal, and the "real" waitresses was very confused about the relatively few items on their menu.
1	Can I give negative stars? Do NOT eat here. Way over priced. I am an eggs benedict-a-holic. I love them. I have had alll kinds. These are by far the most bland eggs bene I have ever EVER had. We waited for 25 minutes for a table. Far too long when you can see more open tables then occupied ones. Im not kidding 40% full, 60% empty. The potatoes were cold. The hollandaise was foul. it had no flavor. NONE at all. I mean I have had ones were some lemon juice is added and it's at least bare-able. But no. It was bland, tasteless, and cold. I told the waitress twice, this is unreal. Add a lemon squeeze and BOOM 10x better. And make sure its warm. You brought it out under a silver plate topper, but it was cold. SAVE YOUR MONEY! DO NOT GO HERE. GO wait elsewhere.
3	Good cheap food when you are running out of money!
2	This is a standard coffee shop.  We had a long line and a bit of a wait. Cinnamon roll french toast was good. Salmon cream cheese spinach omelet  had  lots of good salmon. The cream cheese was a bit odd - it was in chunks. Service was good.
2	You wouldn't expect much from this place to begin with--Got the breakfast burrito, but after eating half of it, I had sharp pains in my stomach for...awhile.  Of course, it's overpriced, too.  Do yourself a favor and go a bit off strip, or even elsewhere on the strip, for breakfast food.
3	I came here around 3 or 4am (don't remember) so my review might not be the best, but I'll give it a shot. It was pretty empty when we came and the had a limited menu in the middle of the night. I ordered the filet medalions, potatoes, and scrambled eggs w/ cheese. My friend had eggs with sausage. Everything was good except the filet. It came with two small pieces that were really dry and flavorless. It was still edible at 3am. I remember our waitress being nice. If you're in the Harrah's late at night this place is ok. I wouldn't come here during the morning for breakfast and wait in line.
3	We wanted a quick bite for breakfast, it was either this or the buffet at Harrahs. I had the oatmeal and the fruit platter. It was surprisingly delicious. Everything was fresh, the oatmeal wasn't dry or clumpy. I was a happy camper.The seating situation in this place is ridiculous. They ask you if you have a diners card, and if you don't, they show you to something that resembles a cluster of people. You have no idea whose next, where the end of the "line" or "cluster" is. It's really unorganized. SO unorganized that we actually left, because we were confused. We went to check out the buffet, came back to the Cafe 5 minutes later, there was a new group of people waiting in the cluster, and we skipped them all, because, after all we were waiting before. Nobody noticed anything, nobody said anything we just cut in front of everyone. I'm not complaining but it is what it is, unorganized. All in all, good cafe food, a little overpriced, but you're in Vegas.
1	I cannot believe how HORRIBLE this place was. They are clearly not prepared for any type of business and the managers should be fired. Rude, unacceptable service with no apologies. We actually sat there for 10 minutes listening to the servers argue over who was going to wait on us, which nobody did but the manager took our order but forgot to turn it in. Not one apology from anyone. Had to get our own refills, food was cold and terrible.  Avoid it, trust me. They are incompetent.
2	Food: average to goodService: HorribleWe waited forever to get our breakfast, about 50 minutes. The place was practically empty. Servers were coming around but never came past our table. Frustrating and a huge waste of time to go there. The casino isn't even that exciting- has more older people. Just don't bother.
1	Denny's quality food but twice the price. Denny's is actually probably better. Service was mediocre at best. Never eating here again. Very dissapointed.
3	If you're looking for a quick bite to eat at the hotel, this would be the place to go to. However, they seemed to be closed at off times, even when the sign said they were open, they were shooing us away. At 2 AM, a friend was looking for something to eat before crashing, and we joined him for a meal here.It's pretty dead, and service isn't the greatest, but their prices for their food are pretty solid. He had the ham and eggs, and the ham was huge! Their beef nachos were sub-par. With a Total Rewards card, you also receive $1 off the entrees as well.
1	For the price I paid I would've expected better food and service.  Which of both lacked greatly.  Where should I start; let's see I had order a burger with no cheese.  To my surprise my burger had cheese.  Keep in mind that the bun is not on top of the meat so you can clearly see if there is cheese there.  Before picking up the burger the server should've noticed that it had cheese.  It's yellow/orange  in color and wasn't being covered.  It took a long time for the food to come out and at the time we went it wasn't busy.  The service; was terrible at best and probably maybe due to the server we got; but I'll hold the restaurant accountable since they train the people.  If you plan to charge a steep price I'd expect better service and food period.
3	OK I honestly didn't think this place was half bad. They had a healthy veggie egg white omelet that I ordered with a much needed coffee. It had a ton of flavor and was served with a tomato, mozzarella, basil salad--which I dumped on top of my egg whites anyhow.IT was really good, expensive, but all food in Vegas is expensive. Bring your players card and they will honor a little discount for you.
2	glad I only had coffee.  meh..
4	Service might be a little slow to get to things,  but hey the only time im here and the best time here is after the club.  Came right after Pure @caesers and since we stayed here its the only place possible to eat and also very east to get to in Harrah's.  There's also mc Donalds here but this place works do much better.  Overall,  this place works for any body that's is partying from Harrah's unless you want to feel McDonald's.
1	The service was so bad here it prompted me to write my first review. Arrived with a party of ten for our last meal before flying out of Vegas. The place was more than half empty and they forced us to split up for no reason. The staff was extremely rude and short with us. My milkshake took 30 min to come out and the waitress acted annoyed when I asked her where it was. Half of our food came out 30 min ago and the other half is nowhere to be found. Worst service I've ever had in Las Vegas. Avoid at all costs!!!
2	As hotel general restaurants go this is run of the mill nothing special. Wait staff were quite friendly. Food was ok but again nothing out of the ordinary. If you are staying at Harrahs the breakfast buffet is a far better choice.
3	I see fellow Yelpers were not impressed. The food was above average. I enjoyed a great sourdough club, hot crispy fries, and a perfectly blended shake. I imagine the service brings the reviews down. It was slow and spotty. That said, we had a tasty meal to start our last day in town. I say give it a shot!
1	I've been coming here for years just because it is convenient for late night hunger. However, they have poor waiter service. Hungry? You'll be starving by the time you even ask where the waiter is to take your order. The food quality is poor as well. Soggy breakfast and dinner! The only reason I keep returning is because of Keno and soft drinks. Thanks for being the reason I discourage others from visiting the Cafe at Harrah's. You will just end up disappointed time and time again.
1	Ordered the breakfast trio. The poached egg in the egg Benedict was not runny, the "sour cream" on the hash browns didn't taste like anything, and everything was cold. The only good thing was the sour dough. Then on top of it all, I told the manager about how unsatisfied I was and all he said was ok good I can go home now.
3	We needed to get some grub in the wee hours of the morning (true Vegas style) and somehow ended up here. Service was alright and the food wasn't half bad...but definitely overpriced. The biscuit and gravy and buffalo wings were pretty good...safe choices if you are weary about the quality of food.
1	After more than 5 minutes waiting for any servers we decided to leave. At least an acknowledgement would have been nice.
3	I got the eggs benedict (of course! I get them everywhere). They were really good. The eggs were done perfectly, the Canadian bacon wasn't overcooked and was a thick slice, and they put just enough sauce. The hashbrowns weren't bad, but were a little mushy.Service is the reason for not getting 4 stars. Phuong was my server and kept calling me lady, I hate that. It took her a while to get to the table, she was hiding out in  the back since they weren't busy when I got here. In total I think she came to the table like 3 times.
1	We had a terrible experience at this place.  The service was bad and so was the food. We were a party of four, we didn't order anything complicated,  and we still had to wait while people who were seated AFTER us were getting their food. I had to ask 3 times for a glass of water. We asked for turkey instead of pork sides and had to send back our food because they got our order wrong. Our waitress was not very friendly and was annoyed when we told her the orders were wrong. When she brought back our food the turkey sides were barely cooked. The food was also expensive considering the service and quality.. we would have been better off going to a buffet considering the cost of our bill. We won't be going back.
2	Great Service, Long wait and Outrageous price. We were 2nd in line and waited an hour while they kept taking platinum members ahead of us who just walked up. The lady apologized for the long wait and sat us down while a sweetheart named Monique gave us drinks and looked out after our personal good the entire time. Great Job Monique! Then David took our orders and served us very well also great job to you also!  The food was just average for breakfast. The price for breakfast was $56. Not worth the hideous wait or the food quality. If you wan't a 5 star breakfast or great meal go to the palace station. An awesome breakfast there will be $20 for 2.
2	Ordered the steak and eggs breakfast at 3AM after clubbing. Ordered over-easy eggs and they came out looking like rubber and way over cooked. The steak was ordered to be medium rare, but was well-done. I guess that's what you get for ordering $7 steak and eggs. Luckily, I also ordered the chicken soup which was the best thing I had there that morning.
1	Awful food. My eggs Benedict was served with over poached egg and covered with a slice of cheese.
2	Poor value. $14 omelets that make Waffle House look like Michelin Star dining. Save your money, time, and shame and go to McDonalds down the street.
1	Had breakfast here.  It just wasn't good.  Eggs were runny and cold, French toast had no flavor.  Silver lining...Fresh orange juice was good.
2	I came here yesterday for breakfast. The night before I saw a sign from this restraint that advertised eggs and steak food $7.99. The waitress informed me that deal is only from 11PM-6AM. I was disappointed when I heard that. However I wanted a big breakfast to carry me over for dinner at The Buffet at Bellagio. I ordered two dishes. The first was steel cut oatmeal. The oatmeal was provided with raisins, brown sugar, and milk. The oatmeal was a satisfying dish. If this dish was the only thing I ordered I would have been satisfied. Since I wasn't going to eat lunch I knew I needed a second item. The second item was the breakfast nachos. I was kind of excited of this item because I never had breakfast nachos before. In addition I had a scrambled egg on nachos before at El Farolito in San Francisco. It was one was one of the best nachos I ever had. When the breakfast nachos arrived it didn't look appetizing at all. The presentation of the nachos was as if someone barfed on the nachos. I thought since the breakfast nachos included egg, sausage, and bacon I expected an omelette style over the nachos. The egg, sausage, and bacon were diced. Putting these ingredients altogether was unappetizing and why I made the barf reference. Even though the nachos didn't look appetizing I ate most of the nachos. However the nachos was so heavy I didn't finish it. By far the worst Vegas meal I had during my Vegas vacation.
2	Came here drunk and hungry. We craved steak and eggs and our usual spot closed (forgot what it was called). Anyway, it took us too long to find this place. Server/waitress was kind of rude. Steak and eggs was just descent. Probably wont be coming back. I guess this is the service and food you get at a 24/hr place.
