4	Perhaps the closet thing Madison has to a small town supper club, the Avenue is home to the best traditional Friday night fish fry's in the city.  Sure, it was only cod but it's light and tasty and not overly greasy.  Add a brandy old fashioned and some variety of fried appertizer and it's about as Wisconsin as you can get.Make sure to get reservations.  This place is hopping on a Friday night.
3	My first experience at both a Wisconsin supper club and a fish fry.  It is tasty, but man - may as well drink a little drano or punch yourself in the lower intestine a few times.  The amount of grease in the food has roughly the same effect.  I agree with Kraft - the battered cod is the highlight of the dining experience.  That and seeing what all those Wisconsin kids grew up with...
4	If I had to sum up my childhood dining experience I could do it in two words 'Avenue Bar.' Man, everytime I'm in here, I feel like my grandparents are going to come around the exposed brick corner drinking the signature old fashioneds. And you know how Appleby's started that thing where they throw a bunch of 'old' shit around and it looks all nostalgic but has no substance? Well, the crap that litters this bar is all authentic and been there for decades. The Avenue is jam packed, noisy and has mounted fish on the walls. The Friday night scen is insane, but so worth the wait. Get the cod for your fish fry choice and be prepared to drill some new holes in your belt.
5	The Avenue is just classic. Went there this weekend with friends. Their fish fry is great - but we went for steaks and prime rib. Some of the best in town easily! I love their shrimp too. I agree with Joe R - - its far from health food. I went with the baked potato instead of the hash browns just to lower my total grease intake. Very good food and great atmosphere and service!
4	Grade: B-Nothing to complain about. Nothing to brag about either.
3	I went to the avenue bar as part of my mission to hit up many of the fine friday-fish-fry establishments around town.  Will I finish my mission or will the fried-fish-to-hips-ohmigod-how-did-i-get-so-fat factor bog me down?Do as the regulars do and call ahead for reservations.  Do not do as I did; no reservation and  2+ hour wait to be seated.  Needless to say, I think I cleaned them out of their all-you-can-eat fried cod.
5	Coming from a city that has elevated the Friday Fish Fry to a culinary art form, I'm delighted to see the Avenue Fish Fry throwin' it down in Mad-town. The fish pieces are plump and juicy, the breading flavorful and the presentation always high quality and not overly greasy. Good selection of sides, nice old school Wisconsin atmoshphere. Be prepared to wait a long time for a table on a Friday night. Popular place.
5	Growing up in a family that didn't really eat a lot of fish, I made it to my 30's without actually eating a "fish boil."  Visiting Madison, I decided the right thing to do was to finally sample this regional delicacy.  A little research led me to the Avenue Bar, a place that will now always hold a special place in my heart.What's not to love?  It's been open since the mid-fifties and probably hasn't changed much since then.  It is like a combo dive bar/restaurant, and is chaotic beyond belief on the weekends.  Packed with families, blue hairs, the beer and a shot crowd, Lions Club/Masonic order-types and various other characters, this is the kind of place Archie Bunker would have been right at home at and I was as well.  You can just tell these people have been coming in here for 50 years every Friday night - it's fantastic! One of the happiest crowds I've ever seen, people love this place. I agree with the other reviewers - make a reservation.The food was fantastic - I had the fish boil, my friend had the fish fry.  Insanely good - I don't even know how to put it into words, but that fish boil still haunts my dreams. Cod, potatoes, carrots, onion all cooked together in one heavenly mess - it sounds weird, but dammit, you have to eat it to believe it.  Hands down, one of the best meals I've ever eaten.  The fried cod was equally great,  it's a classic and they have it perfected here. This is artery clogging food at it's best,  I can't believe they don't make you sign a waiver before you eat here.Locally owned, great wait staff, very inexpensive, loaded with character - easily my favorite dining destination in Madison.
5	Their Friday fish-fry is to die for (stick with the traditional cod). No wonder they've been voted as the Madison's #1 fish-fry favorites year after year. Call ahead and make a reservation if you are planning to go for the Friday affair. The place is literally packed. My friend and I got lucky and was seated at the nice booth seat right next to the bar. While waiting for our food to come, we got to watch locals enjoying themselves at the bar. My bloody marry was a perfect accompaniment to the cod. I think my friend enjoyed his martini and perch as well.  The food is excellent, the service is excellent, and it's got the homey atmosphere - I have nothing to complain about this place.
3	After hearing nothing but amazing things about the Avenue Fish Fry, I had to check it out.  The biggest surprise -- you can get the fried or boiled fish any day of the week.The atmosphere and ambiance screams supper club and (as other reviewers have said) it seems very grandparent friendly.  As for the fish: it just wasn't that great.  Blasphemy, I know.  The fried cod was stringy and kind of tough.  The boiled fared better and the red potatoes with onions and some other veggies were the best part.  If you want to try it for yourself and you must do it on a Friday, be sure to make reservations.
3	So, I asked around for a good month or so to find the best Fish Fry in Madison. I got about half and half between The Avenue Bar and the Esquire Club...The first time we stopped in, it was an hour wait, so we decided to wait until next week, and make reservations. Fast forward to "next week". I make reservations, and when we arrive the hostess tells us that reservations are running about 30min behind. Uhmm. Hmm. What is the point of a reservation? I realize that this place is crazy busy. I mean...CRAZY BUSY. It has been voted #1 in Madison's Best year after year. SO...we wait. As far as the meal goes...it was okay. Just okay. Not superb, certainly not what I'd consider worthy of the title "Best of Madison". In fact, I've had fish twice in the last month that I'd consider better. Maybe it's the old-school atmosphere, or just the plain old tradition of it all. ...or maybe they make fabulous Old Fashioneds and that's why it's bursting at the seams with the 40+ crowd. Who knows.It was incredibly loud(a given when you have THAT many people), and it was hard to relax and enjoy a night out. I felt like we were all cattle, being herded in the door, and out again. I can't imagine a kid wating as long as we did without causing a scene.Glad I tried it, but I don't see the need to go again. Maybe NOW I'll try the Esquire Club...
3	Old school supper club-y.  For how much good press I'd heard prior to going, I left pretty underwhelmed.  It was supposed to be the end-all be-all of Fish Fry, Etc.  Was it a Zenith of Food Perfection?  No.  Was it okay?  Yes.  Just okay (as Kelly said).  I was being treated to dinner there, so I enjoyed the food well enough, but as it's only "Eh"-worthy, I wouldn't go back with my own money.The food was less an issue than how very, very ungodly busy it was.  Therefore, it was loud, hot, and cramped, making for an uncomfortable environment.  Needless to say, the service was a bit slow, but I'm not going to fault them there, considering how busy it was.
2	Went for lunch - service was slow.  Our waitress was busy taking care of a table of about 20 old folks who all needed separate checks (if you know what I mean).  No one seated us.  Waitress wasn't especially friendly, but wasn't rude either.Homecooking style menu.  The did have a vegi burger, but I wasn't feeling super hungry so I just got a side salad and a grilled cheese.  My co-workers both got the beef stew.  It looked good.  I'd come back for fish fry to see if it's worth it.Big screen TVs next to old-timey antique saws seems a little strange to me, but whatever.
5	Great service. Solid food. Consistent and reliable. You will not be disappointed if you go to the Avenue for drinks or for dinner. A very good value for your dollar. Only thing that doesn't live up to billing is the dessert.
4	Definitely one of the better fish frys you'll ever have. Battered, thick square cuts of cod, deep fried to perfection. No longer all you can eat, but you can order as many extra pieces as you'd like for a couple of bucks more.Yes, the place is packed on a Friday night. Make reservations, and expect to still have a wait. The bar is busy, but the bar service is fast. Beers are a tad pricey; $3.50 - $5, depending on the brew.Once you're seated, the service is fairly prompt and attentive, considering the place is probably tending to around 350 people at the same time.  We had the cheese curds, which were decent- battered, very slightly greasy, but tasty.  We skipped the soups and salads.Fish, as mentioned was easily "top 5" fish. Very good. Not sure why others complained about grease; ours was perfect- non-greasy, light, flaky, crispy and wonderful.Dinner for three with extra fish, a bunch of beers, and appetizer was about $60. A great overall experience.Go there. Make reservations, expect to wait, and order the deep fried cod.
4	Classic Wisconsin. Great place to bring the grandparents.  They loved it, and I enjoyed it as well.  The fish is flaky and tasty - cod is definitely the way to go.  Topped off with some Ale Asylum Hopalicious its a great combination.
4	Good 16 oz sirloin!
3	Stopped in at Avenue Bar today to catch a little of the Packer game and get some good eats. The atmosphere of old clocks, phones and bourbon bottles makes me feel like I'm back in a small town, and the regulars sitting at the bar reinforce that.Food was great today, I tried the rueben. The corned beef was thick cut and had a great flavor with the 1000 Island served on the side.Service is somewhat slow and even though we are in our mid twenties, we were called "folks".All in all this is a great place to come for some good comfort food and a great bloody mary!
4	I've done a fish fry on Friday in Madison in the past and it was quite a terrible experence. This place, however, does fried fish right. The fried cod was fresh as heck, the clam chowder was really yummy and the beer was fresh and cold! My one gripe, the cold fries.The server was super cool and knew exactly what I wanted and needed throughout the whole meal. I think people in Wisconsin just know how to be nicer.Definitely recommed this place if you're looking for a fun and energetic family atomsphere to get your effing fish fry Friday on!!
3	We went here for brunch and it was nothing to write home about.I don't think I will go out of my way to go here again, but I it is a place every Madison resident should see at one point - you can't believe it's in the city.Maybe I'll try the fish fry-
4	Went back again. I'm no fish fry scholar but this one was great!
4	Went here Friday evening for fish fry; I can genuinely see why it got such high reviews! The food was great, 3 huge pieces of fish and a pile of fries is enough to fill most people up. Although I'd recommend calling ahead and getting reservations, we waited about 40 minutes before we got seated, so we just pulled up to the bar and drank. The food isn't greasy and the wait from being seated to actually getting the meal wasn't long at at all. If you're looking for a great fish fry and can find parking, I'd recommend making a stop by the Avenue; it's sure not to disappoint!
4	Don't go on a Friday during lent... Our bad. For the challenges the staff faced that night our server was great and the menu items were of good quality and value. We will visit again and maybe upgrade my review.
4	I've heard this place is packed on Friday nights, but we went on a Tuesday night.  Still pretty busy, but we got a table right away.  Mostly Miller products on tap, but they also have a few good alternative beers.  I had the fish boil, fish was delicious, moist and flaky.  The salad wasn't bad, an iceberg lettuce base, but it also had broccoli, radish, cabbage and red onions which was nice.  It comes with carrots and onion and red potatoes which were all very good.  L had the french dip sandwich which she really liked.  The server was a sweetie and the 1950s atmosphere is really fun.
5	I grew up in Wisconsin. Eating at Avenue Bar was like stepping right back into 1971. I could really sense my Wisconsin roots. Went for a Friday night fish fry, had the cod. Loved their Bloody Mary, and the Brandy Alexander brought tears of joy to my eyes. Oh yeah!!-- the fish fry was also great. A "must visit" place. They have a fish boil as well.
4	You will not find a more Wisconsin restaurant than this.  Fish fry is fresh and delicious.  All of the sides are pretty decent as well.  Beers are good, although I do wish they had a bigger tap selection.  Love all of the kitschy decorations on the walls.  I feel like I'm eating in my grandmother's basement (which is supposed to come across as a good thing....).  The only thing that is not really "wisconsin" are the prices, which are a little high given its slightly more removed location from state street and the capital (there are certainly cheaper fish fries).  Try a brandy alexander after your meal.  Or a brandy old fashioned (which are made strong).  Can get very busy, but if you make a reservation you'll walk past all of those out of towners that don't know better.
5	I love this place... It brought back so many Wisconsin memories since that is where I grew up... We had the  Brandy old fashion sweet... They make a good one and we had the fish fry--- yummm..... Many a Friday night was spent at the local fish fry places when we lived there.... The crowning touch was a brandy alexander.... They don't make them with ice cream any where but in Wisconsin--- to die for.....
3	This place is inconsistent. Went there for a fish fry for the first time last weekend and it was excellent. The food was great and our waitress was so friendly too. It was so good we decided to go there again the next Friday. So we went back to eat there this last Friday and it was not good. We had a different waitress who clearly didn't want to be there and was not friendly.Our food was just ok. And the fish didn't seem very fresh, a lot of the meat was dark gray rather than white. It was kind of embarassing because brought guests the next time we went and had told them how great it was and clearly it wasn't good the next time we went. Unfortunately, I am not sure if we will return or not. Maybe we'll check out Quivey's Grove next time. I think consistency is really important in a restaurant.
4	we came in for dinner during the ohio state/UW game last weekend, in an attempt to find good fish fry on a saturday while staying the hell away from state street. the restaurant was nearly empty, but the game was still on, which was perfect. we were seated immediately. our server was pleasant and attentive, but this rating is based solely on the fish fry. which was amazing. really. the cod fillets were soooo fresh - not in the least bit spongy or anything. the breading was good, not too heavy. the fries were pretty decent too. some of the best, if not the best, fish fry i've ever had in my life.i have to mention that we were easily the only people under 50 in the whole joint (aside from our server)... and also the only patrons who weren't sporting sweatpants. the avenue bar is clearly not a place that you visit hoping to be seen or to be wowed by the decor. it IS a place that you go to for bomb fish fry though... and i will be back for that, for sure.
4	I'm a fan of this restaurant for what it is. A Wisconsin supper club. the food is not healthy, but it's good comfirt food. Can't wait to try the fish fry on Friday. (*Update. Turns out you can get the fish fry any day, but I still want to wit until Friday. :)
3	Went here last night with my wife.  We both ordered the fish fry, which seemed to be their specialty based on all the awards in the entry.  The cod fillets were nice size portions, but didn't seem to have much flavor.  It kind of reminded me of Culver's fish fry.  Good but not awesome.  I have had their pot roast and potatoes dish in the past, which I thought was excellent.  The prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is "classic" old school supper club.  Next time I would probably try the fish boil instead of the fish fry.
2	oh no.  no no no no no.  uh uh.  run.we felt a little obligated to check out the avenue after hearing so many rave reviews about this place being a madisonian institution.  we went for the friday night fish fry and got there right before it got slammed.  pretty sure we were the only non-octogenarians in there which elicited a lot of stares...  which is really uncomfortable when you're seated at a round table in front of a booth.  awkward.  and the waiter was slow and weird and another waitress was snappish with one of her customers and just, egh.we both ordered the fish fry - one perch, one cod.  the perch was disgusting; chewy and fishy and tough.  it didn't taste like fresh perch.  we took a bite and left the rest on the plate.  the cod was much better and the coating was better on the cod, too.  a really decent piece of fish but i wouldn't be surprised if it was frozen and imported from the pacific and on the non-sustainable list.  not that our waiter could answer that question...fries were boring.  coleslaw was too vinegary.  sourdough roll was too frozen.  tartar sauce was all mayonnaise.i couldn't get over how expensive our meal was and it's always so upsetting to pay $20 a head for a dinner i feel i could make thirty times better in my own kitchen.  the tacky decor was just weird - not like a supper club, but more like your grandmother's bizarro clock collection and knick-knack hell.  (smoky's in madison is the superlative supper club - the avenue is just grody in the same way ella's diner is grody).  dinge o rama.  which i can totally handle if the food is amazing...  but it wasn't.  and i'll never go back.  but it's ok.  because half of madison is there every friday night.  they won't be hurting for business any time soon.
2	A Madison tradition?I've experienced a few fish fries around the city and have to say that this one isn't the best.  It's decent but too costly for the quality.  I'm not saying it's a terrible place but rather a relic from the past.The place always seems crowded. When we visited, we found faster seats at the bar where we ordered food.  The layout isn't conducive for a hoard of guests waiting to be seated and that is very apparent by the waiters' tactics to move around. This layout has been mentioned in other reviews as well. I did observe some strange situations like a middle aged couple on a date getting a nice view of the people waiting's midsections.As far as the food goods, I won't go back.  I compared my meal to a drunk, late-night visit to Denny's in college. I wasn't impressed by the fish fry. Going off the bartender's recommendation, I added the "cheese" and onions to my hash browns (one of the many potato options). I can't say that I was delighted to see two squares of cheese (Kraft singles?) slightly melted on top.  Uploading that photo here too.I heard a rumor that this place was bought by the Food Fight group.  Maybe the kitschy factors will become more secondary to a more tasty dining experience.**Note: Yelp removed the photo of the Kraft Singles Squares as it was reflective of "my personal experience" rather than the restaurant. I'm not sure sure what that means so here you go:NOV 05, 2012  |  10:12AM PSTHi there,We wanted to let you know that we have removed one of your photos of Avenue Bar. We encourage users to post business photos that are broadly representative of the business, while sharing their personal experience with that business in a review. In this case we thought that your photo looked more like it captured your personal experience. Thanks for understanding, and we'll see you on Yelp! Regards,FritzYelp User SupportSan Francisco, California
2	I've been here a few times. The good:- Very strong drinks. Almost, if there is such a thing, too strong.- Our first order of cheese curds. Hot, gooey, greasy.- Cheese soup + chunky tomato soup = delicious bowl of soup.The bad: - Slooow service.- Our second order of cheese curds. They were made with a different kind of cheese than the first (?) and were rather cold.I wonder what will change now that they're under new management.
3	The atmosphere is definitely old school.  It's a throw back to the 60s and 70s,  I know of a number of people who regularly go there and they range in age from 65 to 80.   They always enjoy their food there.Our service was better than average.  Friendly, welcoming, patient, helpful pretty timely.   The TV was playing Wolf Blitzer interviewing Bernie Sanders.  I couldn't hear it as it was turned down.  All we could hear were three nice fellows at the bar wishing they could marry the bartender.Our salads were fresh but simple and nothing fancy.  The rolls were pretty good.We had to wait a bit for our entrees.   Mine was the deep fried Cod.   (the photo attached does not look like what I received)  Mine was of good proportion and hot which is important to me.   But the batter was over-fried and dark.   I prefer a less dense and lighter batter.  The fries were ok.  My companion's steak was an 8 out of 10 and she was pretty happy with it.  It could have been a little bit more tender and a little more flavorful.  They did really well on cooking the steak to medium rare.They apparently have waiters that bus the tables as quickly as possible and they stand at the ready to quickly grab dishes as they are completed.   We did not care for this as we were seated right where they stand watch.  It made us feel like we were being watched and rushed.   As soon as we finished one dish they were there to remove it from the table.   Definitely not necessary.The prices are a little higher than we prefer for what we ordered.  We can get better dishes for the same and lesser price at other places.  I would be comfortable meeting here for a sandwich and beer but not for dinner.   I would also go here for drinks and social events.
5	We stopped in the Avenue this past Saturday after the Badger-Beaver football game and were very pleased to see the live music behind the bar as usual for home games.   Very fun!Since being purchased by the Food Fight people, the Avenue has been different but the same.  The different is all good - cleaned up, remodeled bathrooms, spruced up all around.  Craig managing the bar is godsend for the Avenue.  The same is good too with nearly every staff member retained, great pours on drinks and good food and service.Most of the negative reviews on Yelp came at the tail end of the past era when things were not so good.It's really worth a try now.  Do it!  And support those Saturday afternoon musicians.
4	Heaven. Stellar service, always. Brandy Old Fashioned, sweet. 12oz Top Sirloin (The 16's gone :(, &rare to med rare, don't be a tool), hash browns w/ onions & cheese so that the blood from the steak soaks into the browns.  Salad w/ massive chunks 'o blue cheese. Chocolate pecan pie. As it was in 1970, it is now. Thank you Avenue Bar and Grill!
4	Always a good choice. Great atmosphere & fish fry! Strong drinks!
3	An institution.  The food is a step above Denny's but nit by much.  Wear red on game day and get wasted yelling at the flat screen tvs.
1	We went to the Avenue and it is not good.  The ham and cabbage soup was pure salt.  It might be nice in the Winter for melting the sidewalk, but certainly not a taste treat.  My partner ordered the fried walleye which was both bland and dry.  Completely flavorless.  I had the duck special which was also dry and bland.  The wild rice side was pretty good.  Overall this was a very disappointing experience.  Skip the Avenue Bar.
2	Lousy steak.  Greasy potatoes.  Good drink.
4	I wouldn't go to Avenue for a Friday Fish Fry since the wait is always ridiculous, but Avenue's fish fry take out is clutch. Call in and their yummy cod and hash browns (the fries are only ok) are ready in about 30 minutes.
1	My friday night at Avenue Bar was one to remember. Not because it had the best food or the best service but because my visit proves you can't always judge a restaurant by ranking or reviews. I will not be returning anytime soon.  My goal in writing this review is not to bash on the Avenue Bar. you won't need to after you read my play by play of the night. 7:00-3 friends and myself arrive at the restaurant. We give our name and head to the bar being told it was an hour wait to be seated. Thank god basketball was on tv or we might have fallen asleep waiting.8:20-we are seated in the back room right next to the kitchen. We had the luxury of sitting in foldup metal chairs on at a pull out card table with a cheap plastic table cloth-not the cool wooden tables or a booth like in the bar room. I honestly felt discriminated against because we were 24 year olds. I saw no young people seated in the bar room and saw so many booths with two people at them I thought it was universal date night. Instead we were with "our type" in the back room receiving second hand service. My waitress spilled water on me while attempting to fill my glass and just giggled and put napkins over it. Haha are you serious? Again, thank god there were big screen TVs to watch or I might have cried out loud. 8:45- fish fry arrives; soggy, greasy, and not very warm. Best part of my meal was the spotted cow and cheese curds for an app. 9:15-I feel sick and want to go to sleep. My night is over.Advice for anyone under the age of 30- don't eat here. Go somewhere fun where you are treated equally. Food and drinks-30 bucks. Gas money to get there-6 bucks. Never eating there again-priceless. Thanks for reading
3	The Avenue Bar was a nice, pleasant place. I went on a Wednesday evening and seated myself at the bar for a quiet, casual meal. Service was prompt, pleasant and attentive despite most every table being occupied. As far as drinks, I only had a beer and so have no comments on the cocktail service.My meal started with a small house salad with peppercorn-parmesan dressing on the side. It was your simple everyday iceberg base with cabbage shreds and carrots; maybe there were some red onions. It was fresh and crispy and the dressing was above average.For a main course I had the schnitzel, which came with a large serving of macaroni and cheese - - actually was more like cavatappi and cheese, but I'm just being pedantic. The cheese sauce was rich and well-browned on top from time in the oven. The schnitzel was crisp and the doneness of the pork was just right. Portions of both were large and while both of these parts of the meal were good, I can't help but feel like the combination was too rich overall....things were a little overwhelming, and that's not even factoring in the side of horseradish cream sauce (very mild, btw).Avenue is not bad but it's nothing spectacular either. I'd give a 3.5 if I could, but this is Yelp and half-stars still aren't possible. Perhaps my issue with rounding down to 3 instead of up because of their website. When I looked at there for a menu the homepage background was a staged photo of 30 somethings enjoying themselves. When I was there, I was the only person under the age of 50 who wasn't with their parents. All in all: they're o.k., but bring your dad.
2	The waitress was overwhelmed. Other servers were not. Food took forever & was luke warm. I sent the fried perch back in hopes of getting something Hot. Didn't really make a difference.
2	I live right around the corner from the Avenue, so I'm there a lot. After eating their Friday fish fry for the last few years, I decided to try out the rest of their menu.  The verdict: Not so great.If you want to go for a drink, great, Avenue will treat you well.  However, the last few times I've been in for dinner, the service has been uncomfortably awkward and the food was subpar.I'm sure I'll be back for a brandy old fashioned or a Friday fish fry, but certainly not for the rest of the menu.
2	Been to a bar/restaurant before?  Yeah?  Just think of that, but not like a crappy chain type of a place.  No frills menu, meh service, that's about all I got.We did wait over an hour for our food, but the restaurant picked up the tab.  All sins forgiven.
4	FABO!!  What a nice place and great meal to end a stay in this beautiful city!  The Avenue is nothing special from the outside...and wood paneling night-clubby inside...but the staff were fantastic with a great sense of humor which added tremendously to the experience the 8 of us had.  Breakfast was HUGE (several of us couldn't finish it) and delicious!  Prices were more than reasonable for the portions and the food.  Crab-cake benedict for me...partner had a goat cheese, potato, carmelized onion, and red pepper omelet.  One and only one regret (my fault...see previous review for Shamrock and throw in too much beer the night before) is that I wasn't "up to" having one of their Bucky Bloodies along with breakfast.  Which means I have to go back!
5	Excellent service.  Excellent food.  We have passed this place up for years.  We always thought it was as the name says, a bar.  Yes, it has a bar but it is only a precursor to a wonderful meal.  We have enjoyed ourselves here many times.  I highly recommend you try it out.  You'll be hooked!!
3	They are known for their fish fry. I wasn't impressed. The Dane has better fish fry in my opinion. However, they still manage to snag a Madison Magazine Best of Madison award almost every year. Y'all must like it more than me.Service is ok, not great.
3	Okay. My previous 2 stars was a liiiiiittle harsh.After taking a break from Avenue, I went back for some breakfast yesterday. Solid. The food here won't knock your socks off, but what they serve is some decent no-frills grub.  I definitely prefer the fish fry over the rest of the menu, but when this place is so close to home (and I'm hungover) I'm fine going back.
5	I walked in and I was taken back into time. I am a "mature" seasoned citizen. The Avenue reminded me of numerous restaturant & bars in Chicago. Not too bright, not too dim. Crowded and lots of lively conversation coming from the bar and restaurant. I came here for the FISH FRY. I heard it was top notch. They were right! Started off with an excellent New England clam chowder. There were substantial pieces of clams in the soup! Surprise, surprise! Very well seasoned. I did not even consider adding salt or pepper. I am sensitive to salt and it was not overdone. Next came the Fried Cod. It wasn't a Long John Silver's fry. It was more like a tempura batter. A light coating over two large fillets. I chose fries to accompany the plate. For a Friday night at 7:00pm, only had to wait 15 minutes. Very courteous and accommodating staff. Well, I will be back to try other items on the menu. But then again, maybe not. I have been to the top of the mountain! I like fish too. Give them a try.Johnny Chitown
4	Old school, cozy supper club serving up a great fish fry and classic cocktails in Madison! My dad and I went to the Avenue on a Friday night around 6:30-7pm for dinner. Parking was somewhat of an issue, but we found a street spot after a few minutes. Thanks to the swag bag from the Yelp Elite event at DLux, we had a buy one get one free fish fry! We only waiting about 10-15 minutes for a table, which was not bad for a Friday night (after reading other Yelp reviews). Our starters came out quickly. My dad ordered the clam chowder...yum! Large chunks of clam, no salt and pepper needed! My house salad with homemade blue cheese dressing was surprisingly good. Then the fish fry. Nice pieces of cod, the batter was crispy and delicious. Nothing too special about the baked potato or fried. My Brandy Old Fashioned was tasty and strong. I love the decor and the feel of the place. I'll definitely be back to try some of the other dishes!
4	I went a couple weeks ago with a couple friends for the Friday Night Fish Fry. I will preface with the fact that we have all grown up on the Laurel so we were apprehensive as we didn't want to betray our hometown tavern.  Well, the Avenue Bar wins hands down in terms of fish fry!!! It was so incredible. SOOO much food and a good price.  I will definitely be back
2	Never did get to taste the food. We arrived at 6 pm, told the servers that we had to leave by 7:30.  Isn't 90 minutes enough to get dinner? Even for a party of 8?  Well, after the initial drinks service and food orders, we waited, and waited, and waited. each server we asked disappeared.  We eventually simply had to go-had theater tickets--so we paid for the food, which one of our party took to go, ate it cold at midnight, and will find a more responsive place to eat next time.  Only go there if you have nothing else planned for the evening, or perhaps the weekend.
4	I was skeptical after some reviews on yelp. Hadn't been to Avenue before, so I can't do the before & after Food Fight Comparison. We've  been trying out the east-side restaurants as the kids were playing Futsal at Madison East High (we live near west).  We showed up on a Saturday night. We started as a party of 12. More people showed up. Not only did the hostess have to seat us, no reservation on a Saturday night, once, but she ended up having to MOVE our party when a total of 18 showed up. Nightmare. She was a pro and took it in stride. Was only concerned about  our party having a positive experience. Because no good dead goes unpunished, we showed up with a party of 20 a few Saturdays later. Again, even though they already had two large parties, they squeezed us in without breaking a sweat. THIS is a place that is happy to take our money (trust me, not every restaurant appreciates it when we show up!Food got good reviews from the adults (I had the french onion soup. Yummy!). The kids were less impressed. It's great to hit happy hour and get a $3 bloody mary with a $3 beer "chaser". Great supper club experience without having to leave the city limited.
4	I just want to say that like every other restaurant or activity one can partake in....the customer service is what makes it or breaks it.I so want to give the Avenue a five star recommendation but I simply can't due to the lackluster service we have run into here on occasion...but there is one bartender in particular that really knows what customer service is all about. I just can't remember his name right now....So my fiance and I have been here a couple of times....I love the Prime Rib and she hates paying so much for a pasta dish but she let's me get my way once in a while to keep me thinking I actually get my way when I want it :) The night started out well, friendly greeting and we were seated immediately, however things quickly changed after that and we literally sat at that table for a full 15 minutes without a server saying so much as hello. To say I was disappointed would be a complete understatement, I was ready to walk out and never step foot inside again. I was hot! How could my favorite place for Prime Rib have such horrible service? Well luckily my loves calm manner came through and talked me into at least having a seat at the bar and having a drink while discussing our next move and this is were the bartender comes into play. I meant this guy was awesome. He was right there when we sat down, let us know he would be with us as soon as he finished making the drinks he was working on and he actually followed through with that. He came right over as soon as he was done. We ordered our drinks and then told our story to which he was very responsive and apologetic (but not overly) he offered to serve us at the bar and offered to buy us our next round of drinks. The rest of the dinner was excellent, he really turned our evening around and it ending up being a great night.Bottom Line - Service, Service, Service is key and our bartender is topnotch!!!
1	We had drinks at 4:15 on a Wednesday. At 6:30 a woman we had not spoken to zipped by at said "you have been here a long time, other people are waiting for your table." Off she went before we could say....well, probably something rude. We saw no one waiting even! I have NEVER EVER in my life been treated that way before! Unbelievable that any establishment could get by with that behavior. This place has been living off it's reputation for years with poor food and questionable atmosphere, catering to the geriatric crowd. It has a convenient location, but never again.
3	It's improved a bit since Food Fight bought it, but not a whole lot. The food ranges from comforting and basic to sort of tasteless. The prime rib is pretty darn great, and the walnut cream pie is worth writing home about. All the seafood I've tried there, on the other hand, seemed a step lower in quality-- closer to something you'd get at a family restaurant like Copper Bottom (off the beltline) or Dairyland (on Cottage Grove Rd), if you get my drift.
4	I live about 4 blocks away from The Avenue, which for me makes it the perfect easy weekend brunch spot. There's never a wait for a table, and the fried fish and eggs is my idea of YUM. They also have fresh-squeezed orange juice.The cocktails are pretty delish as well; my boyfriend and I come for sweet brandy Old Fashioned's here when we want to unwind during the week, or want a low-key drink on the weekend. The Brandy Alexanders are also pretty great. The Bloody Mary's look good, but I have yet to sample one. As for dinner, I've never had a bad experience with their fish fry. You get a choice of three types of fish: walleye, cod, or perch (I've had all three, and they are all great depending on your tastes). Their home fries with cheese and onions is my all-time favorite, though their new  homemade chips are also tasty. The fish boil (though it may sound like a geriatric entree) is yummy as well, and comes with red potatoes and carrots that have been boiled with the fish, not to mention some melted butter. Also, their new portabello sandwich is off. the. hook!! The mushroom is marinated in some kind of wonderfulness (balsamic vinagrette of some kind?), with cream cheese, roasted red peppers, and smoked paprika mayo. Best of all, it's on a pretzel bun. Mmm. Hmm. Four stars rather than five? Their coffee is TERRIBLE. This a major faux pas in my book.
2	Updating my review - we returned to the Avenue a few weeks back. Wasn't really blown away like I was every previous time I had gone here. I know the owners switched but I really hoped the new people understood that they inherited near Supper Club perfection. I don't think they did. . . At first the changes were subtle. The atmosphere was the same. Old Wisconsin Supper Club. We went mid-week so the lack of a crowd wasn't too much of a surprise - although every time before it had quite a few people in there no matter when we went. Then we looked at the menu. Seemed like that changed the most. Just didn't have the same items and seemed to be very trimmed down - except for the prices. Those seemed to go up and the level of sophistication with the dishes too. This is fine, but totally not needed at the old Avenue.The wife and I both got steaks. They were ok - but a bit overdone, a little tough and nothing amazing. This was a disappointment as we were used to that 'why don't we come here more often' feeling in the past. Service was still decent although I got a Brandy Old Fashion from the bar - and apparently those changed too. (blah). Not good changes - who ever is running this now should figure out how to return to what they were doing the last 20 years and get back to doing it. Not really sure I'll be going back any time soon.
4	Having not visited this place for at least 5 years, once I heard it was now a Food Fight Restaurant it was time to give it another try....so glad I did!  Their new chef and their general manager Talish seem fantastic...very dedicated to their establishment!  The food was amazing!  Everyone always talks about their fish fry, which I didn't have, but I'm still drooling over their reuben (seriously it's that amazing)!  The chef has a new burger as well with BACON JAM and bleu cheese, it's out of this world!  And yes, I said bacon jam...genius invention!Not to mention the classic brandy old fashioned at this place was phenomenal, and the after dinner brandy alexander was equally rave-able!  I have a few family and friends that are reuben fans...so we have a reuben date set to go back soon!
1	Had cod dinner and by far it was one of the worst fish dinners I have ever had. Very greasy fish and mushy fries. For $13.95 and 2 small pieces of Cod it was way over rated.
3	"Voted Best Fish Fry for 13 years in a row!" proclaims a banner in the parking lot. I've only been to one other fish fry (The Old Fashioned), so I didn't have very much to compare it to. Maybe I'm not the best person to be writing this review, since I'm not a huge fan of fish fries. In fact, I find fish fries to be the most bland, insipid, and uninspired meal you could possibly have. If that is the meal you are looking for, then Avenue Bar's fish fry certainly fits the bill. This is not a dig at Avenue Bar, just at fish fry in general. At 6:30pm on a Friday night, the place will be packed. Make reservations in advance; they take them. It was hard to find a seat at the bar, so my boyfriend and I sat in this weird hallway that connected the dining rooms. We waited for 45 minutes for a table whilst getting tipsy off some Brandy Old Fashioneds (if you check in on foursquare you can get a free beer). Eventually we were sat at a table with an apology for the wait from the hostess. I ordered the fish fry with walleye pike and my boyfriend had the fish boil (which is cod, in case you were wondering). The entrees come with your choice of a soup or salad, and also a potato side (which I'm told is classic supper club). The salad will be your basic iceberg blend with dressing, and the baked potato comes with sour cream, cheese and onions. Nothing fancy. The fish itself will be breaded in a cracker crust, no seasonings to speak of, with tartar sauce and a lemon wedge on the side. Technically, the fish fry was cooked well. I just have a problem with the lack of flavor. However, I understand some people enjoy this blandness. It's just not for me. TLDR: I did not like what I ordered but it wasn't the restaurant's fault.
3	Was there recently for lunch - very disappointed in the fries.  They were very ordinary, blah, lukewarm.  Bring back the Avenue fries (wedges), allow onion rings as a side (was told I couldn't do that - would have to buy a whole appetizer order for $6)They now have a hostess stand, but it's not readily visible if you come in the front door.  The  hostess was a little terse with us when we walked in (lots of empty tables, no one at the stand) - others did the same and nothing said.I expect better from Food Fight.
1	Long wait (45 mins for my table (with reservation) and 1.25hrs for food) for subpar food on a Sunday morning. I would have been fine with this wait, if I had gotten the level of service and food I was expecting at The Avenue. The quality and deliciousness of food has gone down since the new owners took over, but the price has gone up. Thank you to food fight for ruining a Madison staple for me. There are too many better supper clubs, awesome fish fry's and amazing brunch places in Madison to waste my time here. I won't be back!
4	We love stopping here as a travel break on trips to Chicago and beyond.  The food and service is always worth the stop.  With that said, our stop last Thursday was meet with a very unfriendly hostess (Janet).  OK, we're all seniors (some more than others) but not senile or unfriendly.  We walked in and her attitude was "why are you here to bother me"?  By the time we were seated we were ready to walk out.  Since it was a few minutes before 4 PM she asked if we wanted lunch or dinner menus and we said both.  When one of our party ordered off the lunch menu she informed our waitress that was not possible.  OK, then why did you ask us which menu and then give us both?  Luckily, our waitress (Rita), the great food and cocktails (for those not driving) made up for the unfriendly hostess and the Avenue Bar will continue to be one of our travel stops.
5	Great ambience and one of the top 3 prime rib dinners in my life. Rita was everything you could want in a server. Everyone was friendly, efficient and engaged. Wish I lived closer!
4	My wife and I have gone here twice in a two week period of time just for the cheese curds.  She also had fish both times and loved it. Second visit I had a southwest type burger that was cooked as I requested which was perfect.  I had poor man's lobster which was delicious on the first visit.  It was lunch hour so really busy but both occasions had really friendly waitresses that hustled which is nice to see.  All in all food was good decor not so good but there was a step back in time crowd so it was expected.
3	We had shared an appetizer platter and it came with a relish tray (what a great side!).  We were pleased with the cheese curds, but the idea of "shrimp toast" is not what I'd thought it to be.  It was simply shrimp salad with a side of white toast to put it onto.  For my meal, I tried the portobello mushroom burger.  I felt it was better without the top piece of bread.  It was ok, but nothing special.  The mushroom didn't melt any part of the cream cheese so I had two chunks of cheese to finagle.  Because it was someone's birthday, we were greeted with the traveling band singing to our birthday girl and had a small birthday cake to share.  It was a good chocolate cake.  Our server allowed us to separate our bill, so it was very nice to have that ability.  From what I hear, they has a spectacular brunch.
1	The food is very mediocre.  The wait is often long, even if you get a table quickly the service and food tends to be slow.  Their fish fry is greasy and boring, the rest of the menu items are sometimes decent, but overpriced.  This place survives on its' reputation and the fact that some people don't like food that tastes like anything.
2	The Friday night fish fry was way overpriced and nothing special. For $18.95 a plate I'd expect more quality and/or quantity. The fish was average, a ton of flavorless fries, and not much more. Ever since this became a Food Fight restaurant, the quality has gone down and the price has gone up.The other really unimpressive thing is to get an old fashion out of the gun - the bartender can't even pour from a pre-mix bottle - let alone make one from scratch like every other Wisconsin supperclub?To end on a high note, the wait was average for a Friday night, and the service was great, especially for how busy it was.
1	I was very dissapointed with the Avenue Bar. My boyfriend and I went there for dinner. The atmosphere was fine, seemed like a supper club type joint. We expected some delicious classics. I ordered the fish fry and he had the eggplant parmesan. The fish fry was average and the french fries were dissapointing and boring. My boyfriend's eggplant parm was more like a lasgana and was cold in the middle. With a bill that was over fifty dollars for food and one beer, I expected more than just heated frozen food. The dinner was a waste of money. Unfortunately we will not go back. I will say that at least our server was very welcoming and great at his job.
3	I had time before my friends hit Maddison so I stopped here for a couple. This is a bar and dining kind of place. It was 11:am on a Saturday and when I walked in I was hit with a smell of good food and noticed a lot of people eating. The food must be good to have all those people in there. Hopalicous on tap with a frosted glass was my poison. The place is old and woody with a pleasant staff. This is more of a neighborhood feel and I would hang in here and grab a meal for one stop spot. Good mix of people of all ages.
1	This place was a Madison institution. Now drinks are weak and my wife and I have been sick for the past two days after having breakfast there. Thank goodness we have two toilets in our house. Great job Food Fight.
4	I'm going to go out on a limb here, but I'm willing to bet that the people that gripe that Avenue Bar "used to be this" and "used to be that" are the same people that ate at Avenue Bar when it opened in the late 1800s. Yes, I'm sure it was different then. It hasn't been around THAT long, but you get get my drift, yes? Like most everything ever in the history of the world, it's understandable that it's not the same as it once was. Nothing is. It makes sense that the Avenue Bar of today is not the same as it was years ago, just like hamburgers at McDonald's aren't a dime anymore, or sold by a creepy red clown with an unfortunate perm that asks kids if they believe in magic. I'll admit I get the same thing every single time, so I'm probably not the best person to ask about their fish fry, steak, burgers, salads, or really anything other than the Reuben which I adore. It's salty, and tender and the rye that sandwiches it is buttery and toasty and delicious... it just makes me happy. It's my guilty pleasure and I'm embarrassed when I try to cower in a booth and inhale it, but see someone I know. The other thing I adore about the place, the elevated bar program. When I moved to Madison and lived around the corner, cocktails were classic but didn't excite me much. And now there are more Brandies than the all of the Wisconsin Hooters combined. (That's a joke about people named Brandy.) Ranging in price from $4.50 to $32.00 for a neat pour, your credit card could have a blast exploring all the options. Old fashioneds continue to be a staple, with a rotating version that's always interesting. Completely random: I like that the rusty artifacts are combined by category now, that oddly speaks to my OCD. And the Bucky booth gives the standard supper club interior a little hometown pizzaz. I haven't been but I've heard that before Badger homes games, Avenue Bar is where it's at. They have a shuttle that'll cart you to Camp Randall and bring you back, you know if you don't want to move the car, ehem, or you're drunk.
5	LOVE the food!!! Breakfast pot pie = delicious! Turkey Sandwich with cranberry sauce = delicious!!! Can't wait to try more!! P.s. The bartender, Julie is AWESOME!!!!!!
5	This place has delicious and well priced food. Everything I've ordered tastes so so so so good!I personally like the homey feel to the restaurant. Super casual and no frills, but not divey either. It gives me a very warm feeling.I highly recommend the French dip and the cheese curds, which are competitive with some of Madison's top rated restaurants.
4	A lot has changed since my "return to Wisconsin first fish fry review" of 2009. The Avenue is under new(ish) management, the staff is quite different from what I remember, and the place seems to be a little more clean. But, it's still the Avenue, and that's a good thing.+ Great supper club feel+ Love the various booth styles+ Tons of seating at the bar+ Average selection of taps+ Fish fry served 7-days per week+ Cod = great. Two large, perfectly battered pieces of pure white fish. Nary a sign of grease. Batter clings nicely and has just the right amount of flavor to compliment the mild fish.+ Fries - outstanding. Truly good.+ Walleye - two massive pieces of walleye; prepared just as perfectly as the cod. Great flavor.- The one miss? The perch. Too oily, too greasy. Nice breading, but the pieces I sampled were quite a bit more oily and chewy than I'd prefer.+ Appetizers were great; we tried the curds, which were more like cubes, but still tasty. The spinach artichoke dip had enough cheese on and in it to kill a horse. + Service was great; although we were there on a quiet Wednesday night.
3	Went back for the first time in forever last night.  Wanted to watch the World Series and I knew they would have it on.  Had the cod fish fry.  Good but overpriced.  The martini prices have gone way up and the martini glasses have gotten way smaller since the Food Fight group took over ownership.  Only one holdover employee left it appears.  Nice supper club feel to it but it was a better value when the Zach family owned it. I see a reviewer last month said "I'm willing to bet that the people that gripe that Avenue Bar "used to be this" and "used to be that" are the same people that ate at Avenue Bar when it opened in the late 1800s".  I've been going there since it was a dinky bar with pool tables so I think I speak from experience.
4	This place is awesome. What I think an old fashioned supper club would be like.  Huge bar and lots of seating.  The cheese curds are delicious and the fish fry is a must order! Good parking too.
3	What I would normally consider a 4-5 star experience had to fight pretty hard for a 3 this time.  Let me tell you, it was not easy to do.  My wife and I visited for a late lunch today (2PM) with our 7-month old son.  Early afternoon is the time to go for your fish fry fix.  Two couples at the bar and 3-4 booths full made for immediate seating in the dining room.  Service was surprisingly lacking compared to past trips (even when the place is packed) but incredibly kind none the less.Food was near perfect.  Cheese curd appetizer came out moments after the drinks.  I had the fried cod, fries and slaw.  Fish - love it.  Fries - great. Slaw - not a fan, but others are so I can't really nit pick there.  My wife went with the fish boil, which is usually spot on, only to run into a number of large bone pieces.Towards the end of our stay the service slowed even more.  Waited for a bit too long for refills, the bill and a to-go box.  I know we'll be back.  Hopefully next time I can add that 4th or 5th star.
1	Very disappointed in the customer service attitude of the staff. Stopped in to have drinks with friends and the bar area was very cold. We were informed the Htg wasn't working but it was fine in the dining room.  We tried to open the door between but was rudely informed by the chef we could not do so. I'm a long term customer and that attitude was never part of the Avenue Bar.  And what chef dictates who gets to be warm or cold.
