5	Because of Tait. I will never change brands of car. I want them to always take care of my cars. I live in downtown Phoenix, and I am happy to drive out to Tempe. Tait tells you what is going on, what can wait, what should not. I have NEVER felt like I was charged to much. I have always felt like auto care was to expensive. Not any more, if you have a Honda or Acura take it to Tait. If you drive something else trade it in, get a Honda or Acura and go to Tait. He is truly our Honda Super Hero.Tait is the owner, and has always been my point of contact there.
5	I'm not sure who's more in love with Tait, me or my 1999 Honda Civic.  Tait and his crew have been taking care of my car for the past 9 years, and I have NEVER had a complaint.  First, Tait is incredibly honest.  Tells me when a noise is cosmetic, or a cause for concern, and just how long I can wait.  Always upfront about pricing, and usually ends up being less than the original quote.  I have never had to go back for the same issue.  Even if I didn't love my Honda, I would keep buying them just to keep Hon-Man as my mechanic.  The only thing negative is (and I've told him this before) - TAIT - GET RID OF THE FLASH WEBSITE.....I hate waiting for that to play out when I just want your phone number.
5	Tait has serviced our 2000 Vtec Accord (2.3L) for 1 year now, providing the best service experience I've had in my 31 years of living!  Thanks Hon-Man.I am now selling my Jeep Cherokee in pursuit of another Honda, as well as encouraging all of my friends to buy Honda, and look up Tait Johnson, HonMan.And his logo is spot on!
5	I'm hesitant to write this review, because I think more and more people will learn about Tait, and then it'll take forever to get an appointment! Oh well, I guess that's the brakes. Tait and the crew at Hon Man are excellent. Tait is honest and straightforward. I have never once felt that he was trying to sell me something my car didn't need. Only once did he incorrectly diagnose a problem, and make a repair that wasn't needed. When we figured out the real issue, he gave me the part he had already replaced for free, then fixed the actual problem.I don't know more than your average Joe about cars, so it's a huge relief to have someone who is so ethical, friendly, and talented, to work with. Tait is the best.
5	After I bought my Toyota Echo I called Tait to see if he would work on it. He only works on Honda so he said no. I called back again later to see if he was sure he wouldn't work on my car. He won't. My stupid Toyota is for sale now. I need to buy another Honda so that I can have Tait fix it. Tait is the greatest mechanic in the world. This is literally true. When you're in his waiting room notice that Tait has every award possible for being the world's more ethical and competent mechanic. Never before have I enjoyed having my car fixed so much. When I had a Honda I often wish it would break more often so I could hang out with Tait and chill out in his rad waiting room watching cable TV and drinking his complimentary Capri Suns. I never buy Capri Suns for myself.
5	After reading numerous great reviews about Hon-Man Auto Care, I decided to call them for some major service on my Accord.  I had gotten many quotes from dealers and other mechanics and their price was by far the best.When I arrived I met Tait, who was totally cool and told me what was going on and what I should expect.  I had been to the dealer and they told me about a dozen different things I needed done, and Tait told me that I didn't really need half of them.  I was absolutely thrilled that Tait was so honest and the work was impeccable.  Without a doubt, I would go back and I will refer friends.  This was, by far, the BEST car maintenance experience I have EVER had!
5	After a bad feeling with the dealership (car recently out of factory warranty) we held off their recommended service and came home to scour the internet for local honda experts. Low and behold, Tait appeared in my google search. We went to see him and he diagnosed the problem in seconds that we were having while the dealership said nothing for the years we have been having them service the car. He went above and beyond, and we have found our new honda maintenance shop in the valley of the sun.Thank you Tait!
5	TAIT ROCKS!!  He was recommended to me by a friend of a friend and I am FOREVER grateful to them!!  I've been taking my 99 Honda Civic to him for YEARS!!  He does fantastic work - gives you the option of using Honda Certified parts where available, always explains everything in a language a non-mechanic can understand and always gives me a "priority rating" on my repairs (meaning: such & such should be repaired right away vs. such & such could wait but here are the pros and cons of repairing now vs waiting until later.) I've never had a mechanic do that for me - but when money for repairs is tight - it's certainly greatly appreciated!  I recently moved to Chicago and was very sad to lose Tait.  After taking my car to a new mechanic, I called Tait and gave him the "low-down" on my latest problem then asked him if the repairs the new mechanic were recommending seemed correct and if the price was reasonable.  He walked me through everything and ended by giving me recommendations.  That was certainly ABOVE and BEYOND the call of duty considering he new he wasn't going to be getting my business. If/When I move back to Phoenix - I will be taking my cars back to Tait.  In the meantime - you should do the same! You won't be disappointed!  Somer Ps.  His prices are very reasonable and MUCH better than anything you'll see at the Dealer.
5	I was referred to Tate by a friend who described him as honest and fair. I got on Yelp and could barely believe my eyes.. All 5 star reviews? Is this possible?I thought I needed new brakes so I took my Honda to Tate. I was amazed when he called and told me all I needed was a cleaning. For the first time in my life someone told me that an auto repair is going to cost far less than I had anticipated.  WOW. In addition to cleaning my brakes he gave me a health break down of my car, letting me know what to look out for, what needed fixed and what could wait a while. This type of customer service has forever changed my mind about auto repair shops. I am now a customer for life, and will never take my car anywhere else as long as I reside in Arizona. The 5 star reviews are well deserved. Tate is awesome!
5	Even with all the 5 star reviews, I was skeptical that this place was the real deal. I was pretty impressed after meeting with Tait to discuss some   work that my 2000 accord needed (per an inspection from SanTan Honda) (purchased the car a month prior) (SanTan Honda is totally overpriced too). When Tait called me back and told me my struts and radiator hoses were perfectly fine, I was pretty pissed at the dealership for lying to me, but really impressed by Hon Man's honestly. Tait and his team made a few recommendations and fixed all the other issues,getting my accord running better than ever on-time and well under budget. This place is the real deal, too bad they can fix all our other (non-honda/acura) cars.....
5	Well, I have to add my $.02. Tait is awesome. I have been taking my cars to him since I moved to Phoenix about 8 years ago. I think I threw at a dart at the phone book - and got really lucky. From my first visit, when I was a single lady, and now that I am married, I see absolutely no difference in the amazing service I get from Tait and his crew. As others have said, I feel like I get a straight story from him. My husband was skeptical about my praise of HonMan prior to the purchase of his first Honda (in 2006), but I was adamant that our cars go there. My husband was converted the moment he stepped into the lobby to talk to Tait. He is just a good guy. When my husband and I decided to buy a new (used) car this year, we had a list of acceptable options that included a variety of makes and models... that is, until we remembered how great Tait's shop is. We decided that we only feel comfortable owning Hondas so that Tait's crew will service them. Maybe that is silly (I am sure there are other quality auto mechanics around), but who wants to start over?
5	I have been taking my cars to the Hon-man team for a couple of years and they are great, I highly recommend them.
5	I've never met Tait or used Hon Man, but was blown away by his generosity.  I called b/c I'm from San Diego and was looking for someone to inspect a car I was buying in Phoenix. Unfortunately, Hon Man was closed on the day I was going to be in town, but Tait offered to inspect it for free since he was going to be at the shop to fix his personal car.  For him offer that to someone he doesn't even know speaks volumes of his character.  Thanks again for showing a stranger some kindness Tait!
5	Living in Scottsdale I didn't find a need to go 30 miles to get the Civic fixed. But looking at all the 5 star reviews on yelp  my friend insisted.The experience was pleasant but what made it FANTASTIC  was when he(Tait?)  explains the problem in detail( which was a detached bumper) , what he did to fix it and then ASKS us  "IS IT OKAY IF I CHARGE YOU 35$ FOR THAT?" whoa! It's hard for me to recollect a time when a business/vendor/workshop asked me such a question....That should speak loads about the kind of service you get at this place...Not to mention he suggested us checking an axle issue with the honda dealer considering it might be covered under warranty...another workshop i inquired at asked me to cough up 300$  to get it fixedAll in all this place is well worth the 5 stars!
5	I had a chance to get a repair done here and this place is top notch!  Very friendly and a great place to take your Honda or Acura.I was referred by a friend and I have driven a Honda of some sort since 1995.  Finding a good, trustworthy mechanic is always a must for peace of mind and this place is now on my radar as a great place to bring my car for repairs.
5	Tait, owner of Hon-Man,  has worked on my 92 Prelude since 2003 and continuous to offer his expert advice and diagnosis 8 years later even though I no longer live in AZ. Today is the perfect example.I've been having trouble getting the Prelude started and was quoted a $435 replacement for the Ignition Coil at a local shop here in Huntington Beach, CA. Though I trust the recommendations for this local shop, I still felt I needed to get Tait's input. It wasn't 5 minutes into the call that Tait said "It's your Main Relay and it should only cost you $120, on top of that even if it was your Ignition Coil that should only cost $250, but it is the Main Relay I'm sure of it." I called the local shop immediately to ask them to hold off on the repair. When the mechanic got on the phone the first thing he did was apologize and say they misdiagnosed the problem, it is actually the Main Relay, not the Ignition Coil. They wanted to charge $100 more than what Tait, quoted me so I mentioned I was getting lower quotes and they matched the price.Besides the excellence service and integrity that Hon-Man Auto Care stands by, more than anything I think the most impressive piece to this story is that this LOCAL shop had my car in their hands, I was there when they witnessed the start-up fail, yet they still misdiagnosed it. Tait, in ARIZONA, accurately diagnosed the problem in less than 5 minutes over a phone call where I just explained what I was experiencing. There are no doubts when it comes to Tait and Hon-Man Auto Care. The only thing I must warn you of, is if you ever move out of Arizona, you will surely miss Tait and his excellent care.
3	The information provided to me after a post buy inspection was all very accurate and thorough. They should hire a receptionist with as busy as they are. I didn't experience the "wow" factor that everyone else did.
5	I took my car in a while back to have the major regular service done on my Accord.  When I dropped the car off I also explained that there was a really strange electrical problem with the interior lights and radio cutting off intermittently. When I came back a few days later to pick the car up, Tait had me show him precisely when the electrical cuts out and deduced from the Honda repair manual the problematic loose wire under the front seat in under 3 mins.  30 seconds later, he had the problem fixed.  I am convinced any other mechanic would have charged me an hour's labor just for "diagnostics" and probably recommended an engine overhaul. Tait did it GRATIS.  (Maybe cuz I just spent $600 bucks on other work, but still)This guy is a Honda Sherlock Holmes!
5	If you're looking for an honest mechanic with unparalleled service and professionalism, then Tait and the Hon-Man crew is the obvious choice. But if you're looking for a decent Turkish bath house nearby to relax in while you're car is getting serviced, then you're shit out of luck in this neighborhood. Fortunately, Tait has a very comfortable waiting room with Wi-Fi, DirecTV & free snacks - but no steam room...yet.
5	Awesome honda repair shop! Tait knows what he is doing and with a good description and some test drives to really see how my car was acting up, he was able to pin point the issue and have it fixed before the holiday weekend. My car is running fantastic with just a simple fix, I could not be happier. Since they are a speicialty shop, they are a little more pricey but its well worth it (I lucked out and got away with paying a very small amount since it was a simple fix) If you are looking to get full life out of your honda check these guys out. I have a 2000 Civic EX with 145k miles.
5	I've been a Phoenix resident for 7 years and have only trusted my cars to Tait and his team. Last year I asked him when I would need to have the timing belt replaced on my CRV - he informed me I didn't have one - less scrupulous mechanics would have said "sure I'll replace it" So honest and reasonably priced - I've referred several people here and they've all been quite pleased.
5	I have been using Honman for our vehicle for about two years now, for major engine work, brakes, and oil, and I won't go anywhere else now, because it is it's own entity.  There is nothing corporate or slick about the place, and no one is attempting to screw you over.  I've listened to Tate, the owner and manager, many times refuse customers because it would mess up someone else's service.  If they give you a time, it's yours and you get the service you asked for.  The waiting area is comfortable and simple, provides basic and helpful stuff, like wireless and free snacks, but also has quirks that are Tate's personality.  Tate even sent me to a dealer, when he could have gotten a bunch of work for himself, because something broken might have been covered by warranty.  Tate doesn't compromise and is honest and up front with costs and work needed.
5	I am so happy I went to these guys. I knew my car needed quite a bit of work, and I was nervous about who to take it to. They gave me a detailed breakdown of what was needed and why, and had it done quickly and at a very fair price. I took it back in a few weeks later when I heard a weird noise coming from a strut. I asked them if I needed to replace them, they said not at all. They sprayed some sealer on there, and the noise was gone. Didnt charge me or anything. It was a perfect opportunity for an up-sale on a customer that knows NOTHING about cars, but they gave me honest and free advice instead. Did I mention they stayed late to take a look at it? Their honesty, professionalism and customer service has earned my business and loyalty for life. Long as I own a Honda, I will take it to their shop.
5	back when yelpzilla drove a ricer ( a japanese lizard driving a civic, who would have guessed!?!) this was the only place I would take it. Honest and friendly. Work was solid.
5	I wish you could give more than 5 stars to a business because I feel more strongly about Hon Man Auto Care than about most of the other businesses that I've also given 5 stars.Bottom line: if you have a Honda and you need it repaired - don't take it to anyone else but Hon-Man.  He will not only figure out exactly what is wrong with your car, but he will give you several options on how it can be fixed, always trying to find the most cost effective way to fix a car.  He will be absolutely honest about what you have to do now, what can wait, and what you can do as a solution if you don't have the money to spend on an expensive repair.I have been going to Hon-Man for about 6 years and he has kept some high mileage Hondas running smoothly without me having to spend a lot of money to keep them fixed.  Hon-Man will basically treat your car the way that he treats his own car, which is what I want out of a mechanic.  Beyond his honesty and his way of finding cost effective solutions, he does excellent work.  I think the quality of him and his mechanics exceeds that of any dealership or mechanic shop.I STRONGLY RECOMMEND TAKING YOUR HONDA TO HON-MAN TO HAVE IT MAINTENANCED ROUTINELY AND TO HAVE ANY REPAIRS DONE ESPECIALLY IF YOU HAVE AN OLDER VEHICLE!!
5	When it comes to mechanics the cliche is true, you get what you pay for.  But that doesn't mean you should get ripped off.  I went to this place because of the Yelp reviews and I was NOT disappointed.  These are former Honda techs that went out on their own.I had some major repairs to be done after I went with a low budget mechanic that did many things wrong.  As a college student, I cannot afford to pay much for auto care.  The first time I went there, they told me I had a bad steering pump.  But instead of moving forward with the repair, they researched Honda recalls and discovered that my defective pump was covered under a recall, then they suggested I take it to a Honda shop to get it fixed for free.  I've never heard of a mechanic turning away easy money like that.I went back to Hon-Man for other problems and they've routinely found ways to save me money on repairs; they even helped me get one major problem covered by my extended warranty... which is never easy since they always look for ways to get out of covering you.While this might not be the cheapest place, they are honest and reliable, and that is all I can really ask for.
5	I've been going to HonMan for quite sometime (almost 3 years) and just like finding a reliable health provider for myself, I've found a trustworthy and reliable group of mechanics who are always on the ball.  If you can judge a book by its cover, the shop is always clean, Tait(Owner) is always professional and knowledgable and they are customer oriented.  You get great service and honestly I'd rather have the peace of mind knowing that everything is in order and can return to a good place if needed.  I refer everyone I know to them when it comes to having their vehicles maintained and they've all had the same response!  Thanks HonMan!
5	I used to take my car to the dealership for oil changes and service, and was never quite sure if they were really recommending services that I absolutely needed.  At Hon-Man, I feel that Tait is giving me the truth in what I absolutely need done, and what can wait until later.  I first scheduled an appointment with him when to my dismay, my A/C was malfunctioning in the scorched heat of summer.  Tait was quick to return my phone call, and was nice enough to squeeze me in to get the problem diagnosed that very day.  Since then, I've had some other work and maintenance done on my car (It's 6 years old, so it's no spring chicken!), and each time I feel that Tait will go out of his way to try to get the best possible solution without trying to break the bank.Plus, you gotta like a guy that has a bearded dragon, salt water fish tank, and brings his cute chihuahua mix to work with him. : )
5	I have an old 1997 Accord that I bought new.  This was my first car so I am emotionally attached to it.  Now that it's older, it makes noises that it never made before.  I have taken it to Hon-Man twice to have it checked out for various noises.  They looked into it & determined it was normal stuff due to the car's age (rubber parts in the suspension that were creaking but NOT cracked or faulty).  They advised me against spending the money to fix it.ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!  Have you ever heard of a mechanic finding ways NOT to rip you off?  Honest mechanics do exist and this place is proof of that.  I keep looking for things to fix on my 2 Honda's and they keeping finding ways to suggest cost-saving alternatives or advising against making unnecessary repairs.Tait runs a great shop.
5	Just adding my 5 star review to the pile.  I'm so happy to have found a good mechanic again.  Used to go to S&S auto in Mesa, but the owner sold it and my roommate had a terrible experience with the new owner.  Checked out another mechanic before taking my car to Hon-Man, but after seeing how professional and well run Hon-Man is my business is Tait's to lose.  They fixed a very annoying squeak in the rear suspension of my 98 civic in a couple hours at a very reasonable price.  Tait also laid out all the other work my car could use and the price for each while also pointing out that none of it is urgent.There are windows into each of the service bays so you can watch the mechanics.  Plus they have an awesome salt water fish tank and a giant lizard, what more could you ask for?
5	Nothing but praise for this shop. Tait is a genuinely nice guy who provides a great service at a very reasonable price. I first heard about him years back from my wife's friend. She was ecstatic that a mechanic had been fair and honest after almost being taken to the cleaners by other shops. I started bringing my cars there in '05 and i've been a HonMan advocate ever since.If you're looking for an honest, straightforward and competent Honda mechanic, then look no further. I wish Tait nothing but continued success.
5	I've been taking my Honda to Tait at Hon-Man since I turned 16. I have always loved how reliable Honda cars were, but when my car broke down three years ago, one of the main reasons I bought another Honda was because of this auto shop. His prices are extremely fair, and he is always completely honest about what needs to be done. As a female who knows nothing about cars, it would be so easy for a mechanic to take advantage of my ignorance and charge me for it, but I know I can trust Tait and all of the staff at Hon-Man. Honestly the best shop, people, and overall experience! I highly recommend you check it out for all of your auto needs.
5	Not enough GOOD can be said about this place!!! Hon Man has saved me literally $1000's in repairs! Tait, the owner and Master Tech, has even helped me with problems over the phone! They are that GOOD! My only complaint is that I did not find them sooner! They are such an HONEST, efficient shop its unbelievable! If you are a Honda/Acura owner you can't afford NOT to go there! I seriously think from here on out I can only buy Hondas, not only because they're amazing, but because I wouldn't want to lose my mechanic!! Much love and thanks to Tait and his amazing techs!
5	Tate is an AWESOME guy.  Great service.  I'm in the service industry and Tate makes people feel like they are the only customer he's got.  Very honest even when there are things I don't want to hear.  I would never take my Honda anywhere else and I would highly recommend Hon-Man.  He always delivers on time.
5	We had an appointment at another Honda repairman to get our A/C fixed but I decided to call around and we ended up at the ol' Hon-Man. I saw signs for dogs and a doggie door and observed that they are very doggie friendly. The office is small inside but they have a very comfy office to hold you over while you wait: computer station with free wifi, television, water, up to date magazines that you actually want to read, plush leather chairs, and a nice fish tank. He even has a bearded dragon!It turned out to be the lesser of two evils that went wrong with our a/c but the price was still way cheaper to fix than Gene's, Whitey's (who tried to up-sell us), and Hontech. It was only $180 and it took only 45 minutes! He was even willing to work with us on a part if it happened to be the more expensive repair that was needed. I am very excited to have found a new, reliable mechanic. Bring on the 115 degree summer baby...
5	If you have a Honda or an Acura then there's really no reason why you shouldn't be bringing your car here. Tait is by far the most honest and genuine mechanic you will ever meet. We've been bringing our Honda to Hon-Man for a couple years and have always left pleased. If your car needs work he will tell you what needs to be done now and what can wait. I have and will continue to recommend him to everyone I know!
5	Have been going to Honda Man since I moved here in 2001. Tait is a dream to work with. I just had my van serviced again and couldn't be happier. He is realistic and isn't out to gouge the customer. He told me what needed to be done and what should be in the back of my mind for future service. My van has 105k. I was impressed that he told me the spark plugs are rated for 110k, but usually last till 125-130k, so you can milk some more life out of them. His shop is always clean. a dream mechanic to deal with. No junk fees either. Price are very fair. I wish all my vehicles were Honda. Can't say enough good thinks about Honda Man. I own my a business and know what good service is.
5	Excellent shop. Reasonable prices and great service. This place really goes above and beyond and they are not out to take advantage of people. I highly recommend them
5	I'm a DIY car guy, but some things I like to take to a mechanic and let him do for me.  Honda writes fantastic service manuals that explain step by step how to do everything imagineable (including complete engine removal), but sometimes the steps involved might require a special tool or something I'm not confident enough to try on my own.  Enter Hon-Man.Service was good.  Office is a bit dim, but waiting area is comfortable enough.
5	These guys are the best - simply put. Smart, honest, professional. Always a pleasure!  They could not do their job any better.
5	The guys at Honman are simply the best Honda and Acura mechanics in the Phoenix metro area.   They keep my 89 Prelude running like it was brand new.   They only fix what is needed, and I never feel like I'm being upsold.   They stand by their work and get it right the first time.   If you own a Honda or Acura, these are the only guys you should have work on your car.
5	These guys are top class in terms of serviceShowed me everything that was going on in my car and took the trouble to explain every detail to me. After having an accident and some car trouble this year it took a lot of that worry away and it was great to have a clear explanation on what was going on in my Honda. As an added plus they also glued on my Honda emblem that was getting loose!They even have a cute little dog who wanders around while you wait ^^Honest Mechanics, Fair Prices - Highly recommend these Honda Experts
5	I'll make this short and sweet. I hate taking my car in for service almost as much as I hate going into the dentist. I am always concerned about being taken advantage of and not getting quality service. Hon-Man in Tempe is the complete opposite. They are quick to make time to see my car. I especially like that they tell me which services I can wait to complete and what should be done immediately. Great shop with great people and I definitely recommend.
5	I've been here a few times for diagnosis and estimates for my aging Honda CR-V. I haven't had to have any repairs done here yet, but when the time comes, you can bet your sweet ass I'll be coming here. So the first time I came here was a year and a half ago when my air conditioner exploded during the Summer. They gave me a much lower estimate than what Showcase Honda gave me, but I was able to get Honda to cover more than half the cost of it since it was a common issue and my car had reasonably low miles, but the catch was that I had to have it done at Showcase Honda (or an authorized dealership). The next issue happened the other day when my car wouldn't rev past 2500rpm and the engine light came on as I entered the freeway during rush hour. I took it to Showcase Honda again because they were close to where I was. I was way overdue for an oil change, so I asked them to give me an oil change and check the computer to let me know what the error code is for my check engine. It was late, so they would tackle this the next day... I started doing research while I was waiting to be picked up, and it turned out to be an easy repair if it was what I thought it might be... I went back inside and told the service guy not to fix it - just give me the code. I was planning to either fix it myself or take it to Hon-Man regardless of what they said it would cost. Got a call the next morning from Showcase giving me the error code and telling me it would cost nearly 400 bucks to repair. I told him I would pick it up that afternoon or the next morning.I did some more research on the code they gave me and the internet said it was common to trip this particular sensor if you were low on oil or had dirty oil. I called back and told this to Showcase and he said that it's super rare and that he's only seen it happen in extreme cases when the oil is super dirty. I asked if they tried revving it again or if they drove it after doing an oil change and asked if my oil had been low or dirty. He said my oil was fine and that they revved it and it was still having the issue. If I was a stupid dummy, I would have just said "go ahead and fix it." This is how Showcase makes their money. Unnecessary repairs. I'm seething about that place, but I won't talk about it here... I already gave them an earful (and I think there are still some people there with some scruples, but many without). Anyway, I go to pick up the car, and it's fine. They left the check engine light on for me (because they wanted to extort another 60 bucks out of me), but the car runs fine. I drove it over to Hon-Man, and they looked at it immediately and turned off the check engine light and listened to the engine and such. They gave me sound advice, set up a paper trail on me this time, and didn't charge me a dime. (my favorite part was when he was taking notes in his computer on my recent car issue, he wrote "car was running like shit." and then put down the proper codes and whatnot. I laughed.) It's entirely possible the problem could come back - if it does, I'll be coming here to get it fixed. The night before, they had quoted me over the phone the cost to fix it and they came in under 200 bucks - half the price of Showcase for the same exact job. Not only that, but the guys here are all cool and nice and fucking honest. That's the most important thing - they are honest. This place is hard to find - there's not really a sign out on the street that I could see - you just have to know where it is. In spite of this, it seems to always be pretty busy and they are more or less by appointment only, but they don't have to do unnecessary repairs to get that way. When your car breaks or something goes wrong or it starts running like shit, it's never a good time. You start to stress about money or how you're going to get from appointment A to obligation B. Then you start to stress over where to take your car - who can fix it - who isn't going to rip you off... It can be intimidating going to a repair shop and being at the mercy of someone with more technical expertise than you. That's not the case at Hon-Man. These guys are definitely experts, but not intimidating at all. They are simply awesome and trustworthy. I'm never taking my car anywhere else.
5	I've been going to Hon Man Tait for at least 10 years now. He was actually recommended to me through a friend of mine who is a mechanic himself (European cars). Anyway, Tait has always stuck by his promises and guarantees. I'd be surprised if he's said a dishonest thing in his life.Tait is well educated and very honest. He gets the job done well for a reasonable price. I will always recommend him.
5	The place is awesome!  Have taken my honda in a few times and these guys are fair AND honest.  They explain everything and help you make the best choice on the repair.  We traveled way across the valley to come here.  Thank you for being the only honest repair place around.  I wish you were opened on Saturday's - it hard getting the car over during the work week but I'm sure you guys need a break.  Six stars if it were an option.
5	These guys are great every time and much better then the money hounds at Firestone. After getting misdiagnosed once again at Firestone I went to Hon-Man to see if Firestone was once again cooking the bull. It turns out I did not need a 4 tire change like Firestone was pressuring me to do.On another incident my alternator was failing and when they offered to replace it they said that since the alternator was close to the serpentine belt they could replace that for just the part cost. (Something Firestone wanted $199 for)They keep it simple, don't give you bullsh**, and have great prices.
5	Simply the best. Fast efficient service with real customer appreciation. The car was even washed when we picked it up. Unreserved recommendation. These guys are great!
5	I haven't been here in years because I bought a newer Honda, but whenever someone says they need a honest repairman, I recommend this shop. My dad and two sisters started to go to Tait too because his shop does good work and he's an honest guy.   Highly recommend these guys!
5	My family has been going to Tait for many years. Always honest, does solid work, and at a fair price. What more can you ask for in a mechanic? When I hear other people talk about mechanics I can't help but chime in and recommend Honman - it's become a knee jerk reaction. Not only that, but I wouldn't consider getting a car other than a Honda just for the sole fact that I couldn't take it to Tait. If that doesn't say it all, I don't know what does!
5	BEST mechanic around! We were referred to Hon-man by a friend a few years ago and fell in love! Yes- in love with a mechanic shop. We will not take our two Hondas elsewhere now. Tait is honest (even if you wouldn't know otherwise) and goes above and beyond with his customer service. We live in far north Phoenix, and it is very much worth the drive to bring our cars to Tempe to the Hon-man instead of staying close to home.  Other shops don't come close by a long shot to the honesty and level of service given by the Hon-man. I wish I could give this business more than 5 stars.
5	Go here.  Seriously.  This is my new service place for my Honda Civic.  My Civic made noise in the front end and went to the Honda dealership who said  the noise came from broken metal plates and shocks.  The dealership's estimate was $909 for shocks, metal plates and alignment.  After researching Yelp, I learned about Hon-Man and decided to compare rates against the Honda dealership.  The Hon-Man representative/mechanic lifted my car and communicated that the noise came from a loose screw.  Apparently, the Honda dealership left a screw loose when they'd previously changed the bushings. My car doesn't make that noise anymore and Hon-Man charged me $0 versus the $909 that the Honda dealership wanted to charge me for a problem that they created by leaving a loose screw to make noise and lies about bad plates and shocks.  Thank you Hon-Man for your honesty and integrity.  It's earned my business.
5	Hon-Man literally saved me about $1,500.  The A/C went out in our Civic and after taking it to a shop and spending $150 to diagnose I was told the compressor went out, and that because of this they would need to replace all major A/C components due to metal shavings.  They quoted me over $1,600.  So I called a mechanic friend for advice and told us that some shops can flush the system and recommended Hon-Man.  I called them up and they said worst case I'd be looking at $1,200 with the full flush, but said to bring it in first because it may be significantly less.  I stopped by and Tait came out to look at it.  He spent about 5 minutes tinkering with it and told me the clutch on the compressor just needed shimmed.  He said he couldn't guarantee how long it would last, but he really thought it would fix it and if it didn't, he'd credit me toward the big repairs.  $80 later and the A/C was blowing ice cold...and has been for 8 months!I really appreciate a shop that is willing to actually find the underlying issue instead of just throwing parts at it.  It's refreshing to find a shop that actually cares about figuring out what's wrong instead of guessing.
5	If you own a honda and don't take your car here, you are a moron. They are extremely honest and don't jam you with unnecessary repairs. I've recommended them to every friend with a honda vehicle.
5	I am part of a Honda family. We all take our Hondas here. I have been doing business with Honman for more than seven years.  The service is first rate.  The pricing is far better than the Honda dealer.  This is where you can actually tell your friends that you have an awesome mechanic.
5	Recently I discovered an oil leak on my '08 Element, looks like engine oil. After reading the reviews I messaged these guys on yelp. It was a Saturday evening and they are only open mon-fri but by Sunday they replied. I stopped by Monday after work and was able to have the issue looked at even though work is done thru appt only. It appeared the oil was coming from one of two places but not an emergency. So they cleaned everything up checked the oil level, which was still full, and suggested I moniter the sich-y-ation. Then test drove the vehicle for a noise issue in the front end. After all that I walked out of there @no charge and no suggested repairs! Keep in mind there's a remaining factory extended warranty (another one of those things they seem to lump into an easy monthly payment). So I could have just went to the dealer and got some new parts at my earliest hassle...These guys rock!! I left with a smile and so did they. Because they know if repairs are needed in the future......I'll be baachhh :-)
