5	The more time I spend in Glendale, the more I appreciate its many delightful hole-in-the-wall places. Bangkok Thai is all that I could ask for in a neighborhood Thai restaurant. I shared a Tom Yum soup and green chicken curry with a friend and was pleasantly surprised. Next time I'll try the massaman curry--a Thai friend recommends it highly.
2	Grubbed here for the first time just a couple days ago. Lodged in a strip mall, and distinguished by red, claw-like font, 'Bangkok' seemed like a decent place to fill the tums.A little reluctant to enter, the blinds were open just a tad, giving us a peek in. At 7:45pm, no patrons at all-- you might have assumed they were about to close. Assumption false though, when we tried the door, and slipped right in. We were greeted by two nice guys who happily allowed us to choose any of the 30/30 vacant tables. Thanks. The menu included all the common offerings found in most Thai places here, so I guess we played it safe by ordering the combo appetizer, combo seafood soup, pad thai, and thai bbq. Yes, a lot of food...the guy did not hesitate to remind us to "save space in your stomach"...Thanks again, guy. Combo appetizer was...alright. And by alright, I mean, their fishcakes were out of supply and had to be replaced by chicken satay (which was, not so succulent, but whatever). Other members of the combo appetizer were eggrolls (with very crispy wrapper, but minimal filling), crab puffs, and fried tofu. All pretty "OK" appets, accompanied by the usual sauces. Pad thai was underwhelming, and add to that, anemic. BBQ was, BBQ. The only somewhat tasty thing was the combination seafood soup--tom yum goong base, with fishes of the sea, sparse distribution of shrimp, and rough cuttlefish. Coconut ice cream did not hint any coconut, but rather shaved ice with coconut flavor. These eats, for roughly, $80. Really...80??? Yeah, that's what I keep asking myself. Most likely, will not return.
3	We were on our way to Pullano's when we saw the "Grand Opening" of Bangkok. Last time we stopped here (year ago) we left early due to loss of appetite when a roach skittered up the wall and across the table. But that was then and this is now - new owner deserves a fresh start, right?Upon entrance we were greeted by two friendly guys who promptly sat us and took our drink order. I asked about the new opening - apparently the old owners went back home, the new owner took over the restaurant and gave it a "make-over". It must have been on a major budget because the place is pretty cheesy looking. We ordered a couple Thai teas and mulled over the menu. We went with our typical fare Phad Thai, Red Curry Chicken, Thai egg rolls and Crispy Noodle appetizer. We could have done without the apps - egg rolls were shredded cabbage and the crispy noodle was sickening sweet with a few pieces of fried pork, tofu and a shrimp. The Red Curry was tasty and the Phad Thai was okay but I do have to agree with the other reviewer that meat was sparce. The gentleman that was attending to us was very grandfatherly and attentive and I saw both guys peeking over every once in a while checking to see if we were satisfied. I got the impression that they were just starting out and it may be a little bumpy the first few months until they get into the swing of things. I may give them a try again half a year or so out, but I will stick to Siam Thai when I am craving really good Thai food and ambiance. All in all it was an okay meal nothing spectacular but I hope they succeed in the end - hate to see little mom and pops fail.
2	Mediocre at best. Ordered the pad thai and it was lacking something, fish sauce, something was off track. Satay was decent though. I may be slightly biased having just returned from a long trip to Southeast Asia but even the wife agreed the pad thai was missing some key flavors. The map on Yelp is also wrong, it's off of 51st and Thunderbird, not near Cactus.
4	Cheap and authentic tasting. Fresh meat and veggies. I like the feeling in the place with the elderly woman cooking in the back that seems to come out to see if we enjoyed our food. Don't ever order anything EXTRA SPICY unless you are looking for a cleansing effect.
4	We ordered takeout from here and wasn't disappointed. They were very fast and friendly when we picked it up. My husband ordered sweet basil which could've used quite a bit more basil. I ordered spicy fried rice and it was very good. The prices we reasonable. Our bill was less than $20. This is definitely a family-owned restaurant which I really liked. They had a cute little bar in their with a great selection of Asian beers. Next time I go I will eat in so I can try some!
4	Once upon a time in a strip mall far far away was a little Thai restaurant whose exterior appearance was deceiving. You see, young reader, the same derelict strip mall held a charter high school and a run down ACE Hardware. But those who could successfully navigate the cavernous parking lot and fight the Jack-in-the-Box monster were handsomely rewarded for their efforts. Yes, Thai Iced Tea so fantastical and Coconut Pineapple Rice and Chicken that could please the pickiest princess were housed within it's otherwise frightening walls. The homemade Coconut Iced Cream and Sweet Rice is worthy of its own fairy tale. Perfect was its flavor and consistency of texture. The kind owners are more than willing to bestow their magical gifts of food on any weary traveler that should choose to stop in for a feast. A small fee is required for their kindness, but even a pauper can afford this fare.
5	This is by far the best Thai restaurant I've tried in the Phoenix area! They have somtum and sticky rice on the menu so you know it's authentic. It wasn't very crowded for a Friday night but I attribute it to the location. As good as the food is, this place should be packed. The service was good and we didn't have to wait very long for our food even though our dish was supposed to take longer to cook. Honestly though, the food is so good that I'd wait hours if needed. This is my new go-to Thai place!
5	Took my daughter here for lunch last week- it was great!  The Thai tea is delicious, and so was the chicken satay with the really tasty cucumber sauce.  She got the  #56, flat noodles with broccoli and chicken in a brown sauce...she loved it. And she's kind of a picky eater.  I got the red curry pork- very good and spicy.  We will definitely be back!
4	A must for all Glendale natives. My good friend frequented this establishment with her family, and after being friends for some 5 to 6 odd years finally shared this little gem with me. I navigated here with her and 4 mutual friends, whom after a long day in the pool, needed some sustenance. The waitress was super friendly, it probably helped that 3 of my friends had recently visited Thailand and had plenty to talk with her about. We had the place all to ourselves. Very cozy. Excited to share our meal "family style" we ordered some wonton soup and the fisherman's platter, thai iced teas, and the coconut pineapple fried rice-A MUST. In addition we ordered sweet and sour pork, pad thai- which is the best I've ever had, and a beef dish, blanking on the exact name.We devoured everything, I'm sure the employees were waiting for us to lick the plates. I have not one complaint about this place and look forward to going back for more!
5	I have died and gone to Bangkok!!Found this joint on Yelp and was it ever the FIND of the year!  The food is clearly world class the customer service is pure and simple "blue collar" try as hard as you can...... and we will be back over and over and over!We had the seafood curry and the chicken yellow curry....both were clearly championship material and the customer service from owner Manolo was icing on the cake!Even the Thai Ice tea was out of this world!Stef Y on 1/8/2010 obviously was not present at this establishment as she wrote her awful review of this place.....I give Bangkok Thai BBQ an EASY 5 Stars!!! Period Dot!So proud to see such hard working folks endure the beating that is the O-bama smack down on the middle class!  Give this place a chance and give your taste-buds a well deserved vacation.
5	Perfection!Just gave this gem a second try and can I say "HOME-RUN"!!!I had the venerable Pad Thai which could not have been better had I been in Thailand myself.   Additionally I had a sensational Shrimp Red Curry that was simply delicious.The prices for food with this quality is unmatched.The proprietors Monolo and husband Soney are just the kindest and hardest working people on the west-side.Please give this oasis a try!
4	This place has incredible Thai food!!!!!!The only reason I dock this place a star is because when I stopped to pickup my take out the lady kept my change as her "TIP", ALL $9 OF IT!!!!!!. Who does that !?!? Yes I should of asked for it back, but the balls on this woman I figure she must really need it!Anyway the food is a must on flavor. The green curry is some of the best I have ever tasted. The Tom Kah was a tad greasy but so delish, and the pad thai was actually light and pleasant compared to most places where it is super over whelming.I will return to Bangkok Thai Bar-B-Q time and time again for delicious what Thai is supposed to taste like food. I am super duper impressed.
5	WOW!  I just had Bamboo Chicken from this place and it was fabulous!  More flavor than any food of this type than I've had in a long time.  I will be a repeat customer!
4	Thai menu is exactly what you would think to find for a great Thai cafe with some surprises. The soups were our particular favorites. The mainstay of every visit. Service can be disconnected from what you think you need but it could be a communication issue.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Great food, warm service, and reasonable prices. It's definitely worth a shot to try this cute mom and pop restaurant. I have been here at least five times and they never disappoint. Dishes that I've tried:- Pad See Ew w/ tofu: This is a flat noodle with some kind of special sauce, egg, and broccoli. Tastes more like Chinese food to me which is why I like it. I like to get it with tofu but if you can also get it with a meat. Usually comes not spicy but you can tell them to spice it up more levels if that's what you're into.- Spicy Noodle (forgot what the thai name is) - This dish is similar to Pad See Ew but with more basil and more spice. I think it has carrots and onions instead of broccoli. Either way, this is my go to dish when I want something spicy and flavorful.- Soups: I've only tried one and I forget what the name was (Tom Yum?) but I LOVED it. It comes in a hotpot and should be shared (unless you are a glutton like me). Also has a basil taste which some people cannot handle but if you don't mind a little basil, give it a try. - Egg rolls (vegetarian): They were okay. I've never been a fan of vegetarian egg rolls (I prefer pork) but these aren't bad. I tend to like Vietnamese egg rolls the best.- Panang Curry w/ tofu: This is my favorite curry because it has a slight sweetness to it (from the coconut) and when I choose a medium spicy level, the sweet balances out the spicy. This curry is creamier than the red and green curries. The tofu soaks up all that creamy goodness. Yum. - Thai Tea: All I can say is if you don't want water, get the Thai tea. Sweet and refreshing.All in all, there are a lot of good Thai places in this area (I've tried around 4-5). I go here the most because of its consistency, warmness, and its price compared to similar Thai places.
4	Great food, good service, a little pricey but will definitely come back. Unlike other Thai joints, they actually check on you & refill your water here which is so nice! The 4 instead of 5 stars is because the waiter kept asking me if I was sure I wanted a spicy dish (I know, I know - I look too white to be able to handle spice but I love it!) and after I convinced him yes, the dish wasn't spicy at all and I HATE when they do that! I appreciate they're trying to protect me but they need to trust me when I order spicy. Food still had great flavor.
4	Before I begin my review, I wanted to say that this restaurant is actually located on 51st AVE and T-Bird inside the ACE hardware strip mall and NOT on Cactus.  I found this place through Yelp and here I was thinking it was on Cactus and I drove all up and down and sideways before pulling into a residential area and finding out its on T-Bird.  Needless to say, I was pissed at Yelp and Google maps for providing me with the wrong information and as of today, it is still showing this place on Cactus.On to the restaurant.... I was worried that this place wouldn't live up to my expectation of what quality Thai food should be and was I wrong!  I ordered their Pad Thai and it was everything a Pad Thai should be.  Next trip, I'm gonna try their other dishes and hopefully I will be as pleased.
4	Been a regular here...Food is good  ...Lunch menu is quite cheap but quantity was bit less !
4	Locate on the NW corner of 51st Ave and Thunderbird, you won't see this hidden gem, in an unassuming looking plaza, from the street.When you walk in, you'll like the simple yet stylish atmosphere (in comparison to similar food places).The food I have tried is excellent.  The yellow curry comes as hot as you like, and it comes at lunch with small, but tasty soap an egg roll.I try to come back to this place at least every two weeks, despite having to drive 40 streets through local traffic.  It's worth it to me.
4	they have a chicken with lemon grass and coconut milk soup that I swear has crack in it because I can't get enough. I think it's the #18 or something. My girlfriend and I have cravings for it. It's so good, refreshing and just awesome. She loves the curry and some other dishes. The staff is friendly. Most of the time it's just us or maybe another couple in the restaurant and try the thai tea
4	We just got take out from Bangkok Thai and it was great.  The medium was plenty spicy, and we definitely like heat.  We got the red curry and the cat fish, both were excellent.  We'll certainly put this place into a regular rotation for takeout night.
2	searched this place before we go.went to this place with a friend.the food was ok service was ok,the place is ekkkkkkkkk... I would not go back again !!!
5	Good food and excellent service.  The yellow curry is very good and is a huge portion.  The pineapple fried rice was delicious and perfectly moist.
5	What a gem! The chef makes the best homemade pot stickers and all of the food is just very, very tasty! I went here on a Tuesday evening with my husband and we were the only guests (since we arrived for an early dinner. The restaurant seems to be family owned and the waitress is also the prep cook. The shared with us that she preps all of the food and has two helpers in the kitchen. Real homemade food and you can definitely taste the love.
3	Yummy food. I order for delivery often. The delivery lady once kept a big fat tip for herself. I believe I gave her a twenty expecting change and didn't get any, she just said thanks and walked away. I found it strange but chalked it up to a mistake---but then I read on yelp that some lady kept a $9 tip and so now I think one of their employees just does this on purpose, knowing most people would be too embarassed to speak up. Food is good, though.
4	Decided to try this place on a date night with the fiancee. At work we order from Thai House on Shea in Scottsdale which is always good food,. I was in the mood for Thai and live in Peoria so this place was fairly close. The restaurant was empty except for one other table of 4 people, which is great for me because I don't like crowded noisy restaurants.The place was clean. We were greated and seated right away.We ordered Thai tea YUM! We ordered the spicy Shrimp soup for an appetizer. Then we waited. 10 -15 minutes later our soup was brought out. I liked it - but it was chicken not shrimp (that's one of the reasons I gave them 4 instead of 5 stars). Apparently the fiancee wasn't reading when I asked him if he wanted to try that soup, it has mushrooms and he hates mushrooms, but he said he wanted to try it. I thought it had good flavor. Watch out for the hard crunchy things (I think it was pieces of ginger) as they have a bite to them and are bitter.The waitress came to ask how our soup was and immediately appologized for the mistake of chicken instead of shrimp.She even had the cook make a small bowl of the shrimp soup for us.Our entress were brought out about 10 - 15 minutes later. I had the shrimp and pineapple curry. Yum! (not as good as Thai House but a close comparison, I'll ask for it to be a little spicer next time as I asked for mild).The fiancee order the cashew chicken YUM! the sauce was very good, not too salty. Lots of good sized cashews.We ordered fried rice to serve it over.Everything was very delicious.When we were almost finished the waitress came out with a bowl of coconut ice cream with chocolate drizzle. VERY YUM!! She said she was very sorry for the mix up with the soup and wanted us to try the ice cream. She said it is homemade with organic coconut milk.VERY nice gesture. Excellent customer service (other restaurants could learn a thing or two from them)will be back when the Thai craving hits again.
4	Getting beyond the emptiness of the place and the pop music. The red and yellow curry did not disappoint.
5	My new favorite Thai restaurant!! Bangkok has delicious made-to-order Thai food. The Tom Yum Soup is not to be missed. I wasn't a fan of curry but once I learned Thai curry is much different than Indian curry I decided to try it. Now I am hooked on the Panang Curry....mmmm. Every dish can be ordered to your desired curry-hotness. Next time I'll try the Tom Yum Fried Rice.There are so many dishes to choose from, I suggest bringing others with you so you may try many at the same time.The service was great, the restaurant clean.If it's not busy don't let that fool you. That can change in a minute. I noticed they did receive many take-out calls while I was there.Whoever said the west side restaurants were all chain restaurants needs to eat here!
4	I went to Bangkok and loved the papaya salad. It came out crisp and with just enough heat. their lunch fresh rolls and soup are a great free addition to their lunch menu. It was good because we petty much ate as soon as we sat down(perfect to get fed ASAP on a short lunch hour).  It looked pretty slow when we came in\ but then again they likely just opened around 11 on a monday.Very reasonable lunch prices and dinner didn't look that much more. I have to come back on a weekend for dinner.
5	I stopped here after seeing the sign while randomly driving by. I was in the area for work orientation. LOVED it! I ordered the lunch special- chicken basil medium heat. Yummy. $6.99 included a large serving of entree, cup of soup, and spring roll. I plan to go back soon with my hubby.
4	I really liked this place! It was empty when we went it, but most Thai places are around 8:00 pm. The server was really nice and gave good service. We got the spicy basil dish and the sweet and sour chicken. The spicy basil was amazing!!! You could actually taste the basil! It was delicious! On the downside, we got it at "medium" spicy level and it was just way too spicy. The sweet and sour chicken was ok. It could have been better. It wasn't very sweet, it was more sour. So I got a side of the sweet sauce and that made it better. This place is close by asu so that's a plus too. We will definitely be back!
5	Great food great price I like this place. Such great service and good atmosphere! I usually order the coconut soup, basal chicken, papered fish, patti, and lapgi.
3	Carl had never tried Thai food. ( Blasphemy) so I decided to pick up some Thai for dinner from this place which is literally around the corner from where he lives. It was almost closing time, I (like 8:30pm) but it was empty and the staff were still very friendly ( not put off like some places are when you come in that late) I ordered some curry puffs for our appetizer and sweet basil chicken and pad thai for our entrees. The curry puffs were delicious. So delicious that we were both fighting over the last one lol. Carl really enjoyed his sweet basil chicken, especially since I got it extra spicy.  My pad thai was a little disappointing. It really didn't have any flavor and the noodles were stuck together in one big heap. Really bland and I was let down. But it will not discourage me from going back to try other dishes, just not that one. I give this place 3.5 stars and I will be back.
4	It's tucked away in the far end of the building but is quite an enjoyable place to eat. I had the BBQ chicken that was excellent. The curry is quite good. The dessert was definitely my favorite with the banana medallions. So delicious and quick friendly service. I love Thai food and this place hits the spot.
5	I really love this place!  The owners are a nice family.  The food is deli-sh.  I have a few favorites here.  The Pad See Ew is fantastic.  If you want your dish to be served spicy or mild (me), they can provide.  Their soup is the best I've had anywhere.  Very affordable and a great service and nice looking atmosphere.P.S. The guy from Arkansas that just not only obliterated every aspect f this restaurant, but also made a vague accusation about the legitimacy of the restaurant and then insinuated that we reviews are "ghost writers" and not actual patrons--let me say this-- I have lived in the neighborhood of this restaurant since 1985.  It used to be a Mexican restaurant that closed years ago.  These owners have renovated and restored this place to make a great place to be an day of the week.  The servers are the nicest and most helpful servers ANYWHERE.  And finally, this is Arizona, it's dusty,  its like going to the beach and complaining that it's "sandy".   Obviously you are completely entitled to you complete opinion in a review website.  But the accusations are ridiculous,,, stick to the food, atmosphere, service. I noticed both of your total 2 reviews are scathing..
4	Great service and tasty food!
2	The food was sub par. Kind of greasy for Thai which is generally clean, fresh and balanced. The flavor was on the bland side and the price was a bit higher than other places of a similar style. It wasn't awful but I left without the feeling of needing to return again.
4	Just ate here for lunch recently and was very impressed.  My girlfriend and I got a take out order, she got Red Curry Chicken and I got the Sweet Basil Chicken Stir Fry.  Both were excellent.  The sauce in my stir fry had just the right amount of spice and both the vegetables and chicken were cooked very well.  She was also a big fan of her curry.  We will definitely be coming back in the future, I would give this 4.5 stars if I could.
5	Very good food! The service is awesome and the ambiance is warm. Great lunch specials! :)
1	This is unfortunate, but I ordered food for delivery from this restaurant using the yelp, online ordering which is run by a company called "Eat 24" at 7:45 PM tonight. At 8:45 PM I received a call from someone in San Francisco, saying that the delivery man was at the restaurant, but the restaurant was out of the duck that I ordered. I was starving, so I reluctantly switched my order to a salmon dish, & was told that my food would be delivered in 30 minutes. At 9:45 PM, (one hour later) I was still starving, so I called to cancel the order. Waiting 2 hours for food delivery from a restaurant less than 2 miles away is ridiculous.  I am not sure where the disconnect occurred, but if you have duck on your menu, you should be able to provide it to your customers when they order it. As a restaurant owner, you should also make sure that if you have an online ordering system in place, that it is functional, and that when your customers use it, they do not wait 2 hours for a meal.  Anyway, right after I cancelled the order, a delivery man called me and told me that he was in my apartment complex with my food. He said he had just picked it up, and that the restaurant didn't receive my order until about 9PM which was right before they closed, and that he had just picked it up. What happened between 7:45, and 9PM in the online ordering system? Anyway, between Bangkok Thai, Eat 24, and the 3rd party delivery company, someone completely screwed up my order, and I cancelled the delivery due to the lies, and the long wait. I cannot say if the food is any good here because I never got it, but I can suggest to the owners of Bangkok Thai that they find an online ordering/ delivery company that works.
5	If you are looking for some great Thai food, a good selection of beers to match the food, and a clean cute restaurant, this is your place.  The service was excellent. The noodles were fresh, the curry was tasty but the soup with the coconut milk in it was my favorite!!!  They also seemed to have a good take out business.
3	Grabbed a take out order of green papaya salad.  It's so good!  Like julianned cucumbers with a bit of heat that seems to cool you down at the same time. Made fresh and. really good.  I was a bit surprised at the $9 price tag for the portion size.  It scratched that craving for the night.
5	We love Thai food. We have been to Thailand and have had many traditional Thai dishes. If you want great traditional Thai food, Bangkok Thai has it! The service was excellent, and while our order took a touch longer than I might have liked, it was all fresh, hot and delicious! We ate family style, so we got to sample several different dishes. Not a single one was disappointing! Highly recommend this restaurant!
4	Great tasting thai and really cheap! The place isn't busy most of the time so it's easy to get seated anytime. I love the Pineapple and shrimp curry, spicy with the perfect amount of tang to balance it. The serving size is generous as well, easily enough for take home.
5	Had dinner at the Bangkok Thai Bar-B-Q tonight and it was excellent. Great service and the Tilapia dinner I ordered was delicious. A fresh rose on every table is a charming extra! The Peanut sauce served with the delicious vegetarian spring rolls is outstanding! We shall be back and I will recommend this restaurant to family and friends.
1	Me and a friend ordered delivery through GrubHub, which was fine.  The bill, with tip, came to about $50 for two entrees and a dessert, which even for delivery seems high.  (I recently paid $65 for Chinese delivery to my office for four lunch specials, crab puffs, $8 delivery charge, and tip.)  I ordered the pineapple fried rice. I love spicy food. I'm the friend who makes fun of everyone else for eating things at 0 spiciness. I ordered this dish at a 6, thinking it would be on the hot side of medium spiciness. This was one of the spiciest dishes I have ever been served. It was inedible, because not only was it extremely spicy but the pineapples had been cooked so much they were completely flavorless, which is something I've never experienced before. So there was no balancing sweet flavor, it was just insane spiciness that overwheled everything. I am with a friend who also loves spicy food, and it was too much for him, too. He ordered another dish at a spiciness level of 3, which seemed to have no bite at all. Mine was definitely not twice as spicy as his, it was at least 10 times as spicy. I've ordered 8s and 9s that weren't this hot. He also was weirded out by the totally flavorless pineapple. My friend's level 3 completely unspicy dish was fine; it was crab fried rice.  It wasn't anything special; just regular fried rice with a little bit of crab.  We ended up sharing that because neither of us could stomach mine.I am addicted to sticky rice. It's one of my all-time favorite desserts. Bangkok Thai's sticky rice came in a sealed plastic bag, apparently directly out of the microwave, with a coconut milk sauce that didn't have nearly enough sugar. It was overall bland, I tried some of the nuts that were on the side with it; they turned out to be peanuts, which I don't love to begin with, but when a couple of peanuts totally overwhelm the taste of what you're eating, you know that it's not very flavorful. The coconut custard was OK, but not amazing. I've definitely had better. I used to live near Thai Lotus and would frequently get delivery from them; their sticky rice with custard was AMAZING. I'm really sad there's no decent non-pizza places that deliver to my new apartment. For a $50 delivery order, I was extremely disappointed. Worst $50 I've ever spent on a meal.
5	I'm a big fan of Thai food and never thought for a second there would be such a good place to eat it in Arizona. Prices were fair, and food was delicious. My dad lives in some apartments across from this shopping center, and eats here alone all the time - I did feel bad when I heard about that, but then when I tried the food I understood why: it's worth the solo trek. The dish I liked the best was Chili Eggplant, and the egg rolls were crispy (pretty much standard egg rolls) and the dipping sauce was great. I tried the Spicy Noodles as well, and was delighted. Great, attentive service, too. I hope lots of people decide to eat here because it was EMPTY both of the times I visited. I want it to stay open forever so my pops can get his Thai food!
4	Stopped in here for a date night last Friday night and was fairly happy with the result.  I ordered the spicy fried rice with beef which I asked for "hot". My wife ordered spicy noodle dish which she ordered "medium".  Both dishes tasted excellent and the spicy element was perfect for both of our dishes.  The portions sizes were fairly size able for the price of the entrees (~10 each) and I had enough for leftovers which is pretty rare for me especially since it was a late dinner.  The one complaint I had was with the dessert. My wife loves sticky rice, especially when the mango is in season.  After we had returned our menus we decided to get the sticky rice without looking at the price when our server told my wife they did have mango available.  The dessert itself was not bad but I was taken aback when I saw the price being about 8 dollars.  Based on the portion size this was at best worth 5 and I felt lampooned but since I didn't check the price I just paid for the meal and hope I learned my lesson for next time.
4	I'm glad I found this place!I had been looking for a thai place to try after our last adventure in dining thai had ended badly and found Bangkok Thai BBQ revitalized my hope for enjoying thai food.First off, their Thai Tea is fantastic. Its probably on the sweeter side for most people but I think its amazing. My girlfriend and I crave them constantly and currently this is the only place we know that serves it so well.In regards to their dishes, amazing as well. I tried both the Pineapple Curry with Pork and Sweet Basil with Pork. The Pineapple curry was something I had never tried and would get again and again from now on however, the pineapple slices themselves were not the sweet focal point but rather the tomatoes which I loved. I don't even like tomatoes!The sweet basil I also had with pork and was also very good. I was worried when I ordered it that the basil flavor might be too strong or overpowered but it came out just right, very balanced.Overall, I'm coming back for my thai tea and those curry puffs they serve as appetizers. They are unreal and you will fight over them when you are down to the last puff.
5	Great food, quiet and clean atmosphere, great service and selection of food, Both times I have been in with my family we have been only people in resturant. REALLY hope they stay open, great food, great soup and vegan choices.
1	Horrible delivery service! I tried to order a combo meal for lunch today for obviously only 1 person and the lady told me i had to order at least 25$ worth of food PLUS a 5.99 fee just so they could deliver my food to me! Who does that??! haha Never again
5	We LOVE this place! I haven't had an egg roll in years but they do traditional Thai and use rice wrappers for theirs! And the pot stickers as well are rice wrapped! Sweet basil is delicious, I've had the spicy noodles with out soy sauce, bamboo shoot dish is delicious as well!
4	Ordered take out from here one evening when we didn't feel like cooking. As others have mentioned, don't let the outside stop you from trying this place. It's a generic looking strip mall, but inside this place is quite nice. We ordered online, using EatStreet (I believe), and when we arrived to pick up our order a very friendly woman helped us at the counter and our food was hot and ready to go.For starters we had Chicken Satay and Crab Rangoons. The Crab Rangoons were what I expect, no complaints there. The Chicken Satay was really tasty - cooked properly and well seasoned; served with a nice peanut satay sauce (it's odd how this sauce differs from Thai restaurant to Thai restaurant, and Bangkok Thai's is a pretty good one).For entrees, my wife ordered The Queen's Fried Rice and I had the Spicy Noodle with chicken. The Queen's fried rice is filled with generous portions of chicken and shrimp and the rice was cooked nicely - soft and of a good consistency. Spicy Noodle is simple but filled with good flavors. Not very spicy in my opinion, but I eat a lot of hot food so I have a bias. I added some chili paste at home and went on happily.This was a 4 star experience and we'll certainly be back to try more menu items.
5	Spring rolls and banana coins! Maybe not on the same plate but a must have here.Fresh and delicious,  can't wait to come back.
4	Our 4th visit. Food was as good as ever. For the quality of food it is surprising to find not too many patrons. We don't mind the quiet though.
4	I go here for lunch often. Quick service and good food.The spicy fried rice and the spicy noodle are my favorites.
5	I've been here quite a few times for lunch and dinner.  I am a real fan of their food.  The staff are always nice and usually willing to do substitutes within reason.Now this place is in an older shopping center.  The inside is darker, but still lit decently.  It is usually quiet and peaceful.  Furniture is older, but they at least keep it clean and neat inside.  I like it, but your taste in decor may vary.  Only complaint is they don't deliver.  They do offer a company that delivers for them, but they are expensive.
