5	I was surprised not to see any reviews for Donovan's.  In my opinion, it's the best steakhouse in Arizona.  (One of the top in the country)It's a very typical steakhouse, just like Morton's, Ruth Chris, etc...  I prefer Donovan's over the others, maybe because the steaks are better or possibly becasues it's not a big chain and I really don't like National chains.  The bone-in 24oz ribeye is outstanding.  Because of the bone, you can get this either medium rare or medium and it's outstanding (usually I just get med rare but they recommended medium and it was excellent as well).  Their hosue chopped salad is top notch as are most of the sides (lyonnaise potatoes, asparagus, etc.)  As far as dessert, I was pretty impressed since most nicer restaurants serve extremely small portions.  We usually order the chocolate brownie with ice cream and fudge and find it nicely sized and very good.The service at Donovan's is best in class.  Each table gets 2 servers that are their at your beckened call.  Expect to pay around $50-100 per person (depending upon alcohol consumption).  Without drinks, you can usually get away spending about $120-$150 for a couple.
4	I had Filet Mignon as usual and it was not as good as Ruth's Chris or even Sweetwater Traven in VA.
4	Oh yeah, now this is what I'm talking about!! Great upscale, old school, romantic atmosphere.. attentive friendly service and simple steak house fare prepared very very well. With so many steakhouses in the Phoenix Metro this place truly stands out. We had this seafood tower that was off the chart delish! Lobster, jumbo shrimp, snow crab claws, crab legs.. oh I was just floating.. haven't had high quality seafood like this in the valley in ages. Also had the Kansas City.. a bone in New York strip weighing in at 20 oz... oh it doesn't get much better then this.. tender, flavorful and beefy! Seasoned only with salt and pepper the flavor just pops right out.Now this place is pricey but worth every penny in service and quality!
4	Great place for a dinner date or to woo a client or a propective hire. Great steak!! Went there for my anniversary and the valet puts a nice touch on the evening. Be prepared to walk out full.
5	So incredibly delicious.  I don't even think there needs to be anything other than that.  Everything we ordered was amazing, and the service was outstanding.
2	Ambiance - "Old" money and I mean Old.Dress Code - Supposedly in place but lots of t-shirts and sneakers on Saturday nightPrice - Higher than other steakhouses.  They justify it I guess by throwing in potato (very good) and vegetables (forgettable) Service - 3 servers per table and yet sloooooooooooowFood - Unimaginative sides, steaks pretty good.It was pretty disappointing overall.
5	I have eaten at most of the top steakhouses across the country, and this one definitely is in the top 3.I was in town for my college graduation and my wife picked the place and made a reservation.  When we got there it was a bldg that hasn't been there for long (10 years max).  The valets took the car and we walked in.  The lights were low, very low.  I've been in a lot of "romantic setting" restaurants and this was suspiciously dark.  We were seated quickly and had servers at our table immediately.  We ordered our filet mignon's and ate some bread.  Then we got a little bummed out.  The bread plates were very tacky, they had a rendering of the restaurant with the name on them.  We were worried the steaks were going to be crap because of that (tacky) display.Then the bacon wrapped scallops came and they were wonderful, lots of flavor.After that, the steaks came quickly.  And I have to say, the filet mignons were perfect, slight buttery flavor and melted in our mouths.  We could have eaten 2 more they were so good.  They were seared perfectly on the outside and perfectly red on the inside.  I have never had a steak taste as perfect.I would recommend this place to anyone.  Oh, and the hostesses are smokin' hot as well.
4	This restaurant is far and away the best steakhouse in Arizona. I frequent Morton's, City Hall, Ruth's Chris, and Capital Grille, and Donovan's beats them all hands down. They actually include the vegetable and starch with the meat, rather than charging $15 each. They even have a complimentary service that picks you up and takes you to the restaurant, which is very useful if you want to enjoy the wine list. The service can be over-bearing at times, but always helpful, and they have 3 servers per table. I like the rib chop, which is basically a ribeye... extremely flavorful. Last time I was in, the 3 of us ran up a $950 ticket, so it can be very expensive, but if you can afford it I highly recommend it.
3	Donovan's is one of those places you would never go to unless you're trying to impress someone, or someone is trying to impress you. In my case, I think it was a little bit of both.It was a Thursday night, and we were late for our reservation. The parking lot was packed, save for a couple spaces in the back, and I figured we had lost our reservation, however on walking in, it surprised me to see that only a handful of tables were occupied. Where did all those cars in the parking lot come from? I will be eternally grateful to anyone who figures it out. I digress....My intial experience was not good. On walking in, the manager very kindly asked me to remove my hat (I wear my newsie hat practically all the time, reference profile photo), which I had no problem with. But, after the hostess led us to a booth, and we had sat down, he came over again, and insisted, very politely, and very insincerely, that we sit in another booth, in our best interest. We slid out, walked over to the other booth, and slid back in. Sure, it's a minute detail, but this passive act of disrespect/rudeness really got under my skin. What kind of restaurant tells you (not asks, mind you) to move to a different booth, after you've already been seated? The restaurant itself is what you would expect when you're paying $50 for a 12oz steak. Polished wood, brass fixtures, overweight, overpaid businessmen (me in 10 years), and old money on double dates (cuuuute).Beyond my initial experience with the manager, the service itself was excellent and they took good care of us. The calamari was fresh and crisp, the sauteed mushrooms were sauteelicious (did you see what I did there?) and my sliced potatoes with onions and peppercorn gravy were illinnnn. And the steak? The steak was pretty good, but given the venue, not as good as I'd hoped. It further reinforces my belief that the best steaks aren't in the fancy steak/chophouses with suited waiters and over-priced wine - on the contrary, the best steaks are in the shack by the road, the local butcher, or the little house by the railroad track. Good atmosphere? Yes. Good service? Yes. Good food? Yes. Worth the price and pomp? A resounding no (unless some sort of need to impress is involved as previously mentioned). Honestly, I'd rather be at the Outback across the street drinking cheap beers and boxing kangaroos...that's what happens at Outback, right? It's been a while since my last visit.
5	This is where you go when you want to feel New York Posh.....full-on dark mahogany fancy decor inside. You won't feel like you're in Phoenix. It's reputation as one of the country's best steak houses is well deserved with outstanding cuts of beef and succulent seafood. The prime rib sandwiches during happy hour are a plus as is the complimentary valey parking. But be sure to dress appropriately and bring as much pretense and Biltmore snobbery as you can. After all, you have to play the part....so enjoy it!
5	Definitely one of the finest restaurants in the Phoenix area. It will cost you, but well worth every penny.I attended a company function here awhile back. All I can remember is that I was very impressed with everything - the location, the decor, the menu, the service and of course the amazing food.I suggest saving this for a special occasion.
5	You takin' 'em out to impress?  This'll do it.Really good food, service, atmosphere, ambiance -- and it costs like that too.  But, what do you care?  You're making an impression!Eric R. wrote, "This is where you go when you want to feel New York Posh.....full-on dark mahogany fancy decor inside".  Eric is right!I see votes that they don't do take- out:  I'll cover that bet, because I believe they'll sell it to yuh, and let you carry it out the door.  Any takers?
5	Although I'm not a huge meat eater, this girl loves a good old filet on occasion.  You test the waters at Donovan's and you my friend will find yourself doing the backstroke of happiness for the rest of the week.  I actually dated a staff member (hence discount city!) but I would still pay full price to dine here.It's about as nice of a steak house as it gets in Phx.  It could easily hold it's own to any NY, SF or LV fine dining establishment.  As I mentioned before I had an "inside connection" to certain things not on the menu.  Such as the seafood tower.  Pricey-Pricey but again completely worth it!  The tower had giant shrimp cocktail, bacon wrapped scallops and fried calamari.  The seared lamb chops are my FAVE appetizer and runner up would be the Maryland Crab cakes.  For the main course you would be a fool to not get the filet but to each their own.  I opted for sides of asparagus, garlic smashed potatoes with the peppercorn gravy.  For dessert we had a jaw dropping epic portion of Cheesecake (they had me at cheesecake) and strawberry sauce.  Creme brulee has just never been a favorite of mine but if that's one of your choice desserts I'm sure it can't be bad. The staff is unbelievable, you have 3 to 4 people ensuring you have a marvelous meal and it is all in all probably one of my best places to eat.  Whenever I have visitors in town I always take them here and time and time again their blown away by this place!!They have locations in SD, La Jolla, Biltmore and coming soon to North Scottsdale.  To me it beats City Hall, Capitol Grille and a few of the other over-hyped see & be seen steak houses of the Valley!
4	Good meat Good Service Good wines Good experience Prepare to spend some dollars when going here
4	The seafood tower must change in selection of seafood, which is good, which is also why mine last night was so fresh fresh delicious.  Its good to know that you can get top rate seafood in Phoenix.  Bacon wrapped scallops were very good, and I sacrificied a full steak (opting for the filet medallion) to try the scallops.  I asked for medium rare steak, but maybe shouldve asked for rare...my cousin had the ribeye and could not have been any happier than he was :)  yum for fancy steak houses.  Its an ultra romantic place to, fyi.the wait staff is very attentive.
5	Wow. ShamWOW! It was great. As always the service is super. I was here last year and I can say this place impresses me all the time. I had the special which was a Kansas City strip. I started off with the iceberg wedge with vinaigrette dressing. It was nice and fresh and not too sour. Now the main dish. The steak was nice and tender. It had a nice flavor to it. The mash potatoes were good too. The one waiter remembered me from last year. I think it was because he saw me take a picture of my meal and I did that last year. They didn't interrupt while talking or eating with my mouth full. That is always a plus. I'm looking forward to next year to try and have a great steak again. I ate the whole steak and that's rare! No pun intended.
3	My husband and I really liked the original Donovan's Steak House in La Jolla when we lived there several years ago, so when we moved to Phoenix we were glad to hear that a second Donovan's had been opened here.  We invited my in-laws out for a nice dinner on a Wednesday night and decided it was time to investigate this place.  Honestly, we were a bit disappointed.  Donovan's Phoenix has the same ultra-low lighting and dark wood-panelled ambience as its big sister in California, which wasn't a surprise.  Even so, the dining room felt particularly stodgy;  the low light seemed more oppressive than elegant, and the dining tables are strangely small and feel crowded. (Luckily, we were able to upgrade to a booth when my father-in-law told the waiter that he couldn't read the menu in the room's low light).  The menu itself was relentlessly predictable.  I realize that Donovan's touts itself as a classic steak house, but they could stand to show a little more verve in their appetizer and side dish selections - even the dessert selections were nothing I wouldn't expect to see in a thousand other less expensive places.  Our steaks were, eh, OK;  I ordered mine rare (I like 'em bloody), but it came definitely more medium-rare.  Neither my husband nor I felt that the quality of our cuts was what we'd hoped they'd be for the price point.  All told, the meals were enjoyable, but I came away feeling underwhelmed, like the kitchen was phoning it in.Again, understanding that Donovan's is aiming for a classic vibe, it still seems to me like they could try harder to maintain that character and still show some inspiration and creativity in the details. Our search for a favorite steak place in the greater Phoenix area continues.
5	Don't let the looks from the road fool you.  this place is as swaky of a steakhouse as it gets.You are paying for the top notch food, service and atmosphere.  They were so accommodating for my request for cremed spiniach and veggies that weren't on the menu.Had their Ribeye, which was cooked perfectly, the right thickness and great flavor.
2	Well, I only went here because my ex wanted to go. I am a vegetarian so I can't say how good the meat is. But I will give my oppinion on the ambiance of this place.Stuffy would be one word. The decor was quite pretty, but somewhat heavy. It is definitly for an older crowd. We were early in meeting some friends so we went to the bar to have some drinks. When we were being escorted to our table, I could not carry my own drink, the waiter carried it for me. Pretty cool. I think if I was a meat eater I would have liked this place even more, since I'm not ...I would recommend to open a window or two and let some air in.
4	Donovan's has some of the best lamb chops I've ever had. Plus their cocktails are nothing to scoff at. You pay for what you get, and what you get is a great meal in a swanky restaurant with service that really is unparalleled. I lucked out the first time I came here, because my boss was treating the staff to a complete meal. On a budget/paying your own way? Go during their happy hour. Drinks are discounted and their steak sandwich is stellar.
2	Upscale ambiance, big-band tracks, excellent bar, but this is a steakhouse and mine was dry, flavorless and looked like a cow pie.--kudos for stocking Dubonnet Rouge, my favorite; though shaken to oblivion, Manhattan was pretty damn good!--absolutely _EXCELLENT_ Ceasar salad. i haven't had it that good in YEARS! was that a hint of a hint of anchovy in the dressing? marvelous!--why the hot-as-cattle-iron main dish plates? you bastards BRANDED my tongue on my first bite into those potatoes! my food KEEPS COOKING on the plate when it's that hot! that's why...--the shrimp scampi was overcooked to "bullet-hard", first AND second try; second try they were salt-licks too salty. I AM NOT A COW!--first attempt 6 oz "100 percent prime beef 100 percent of the time" (really?, come on) was dry, flavorless and looked like a cow pie on my plate;--second attempt 6 oz filet was juicier, but had horrible overtones of liver. did you think i wouldn't notice, YOU BASTARDS?!Despite my being a phoenix native, this was my first ever visit to D's. Servers go through the motions, but lack the sense of pride and _genuine_ hospitality befitting a place of this stature. Instead they bumble about, not communicating with each other; their whole rehearsed routine crashing down if you don't "moo" exactly when you're prodded.I am terribly disappointed by the kitchen. "Second-try" kitchen retribution is grounds for blacklist. Fire someone!
1	Ah! Arizona Restaurant Week! A chance to try restaurants we never have before and get a taste of what they have to offer! My husband and I were excited about going to Donovans; a restaurant we had heard a lot about....great word of mouth! My husband made the comment that restaurants were going to use this opportunity in one of two ways: Either to look at it as a chance to showcase their best or a chance to make money and serve low cost, sub-par food. Sadly, Donovan's chose the latter. Our reservation was for 7:15. Upon arrival the place was packed..standing room only at the hostess station! We were told they were 'running behind a bit' and so we elbowed our way to the bar and ordered drinks. In about 15 minutes, the hostess came and found us (OK, that's fine, I don't mind a 15 minute wait for a reservation) She showed us to a small table near the back close to the wait station. OK, fine, not the best seat in the house, but still OK. When we asked for the 'special menu' as we were told to do so by the website, she placed it on the table and handed us the regular menu and wine list. OK, I get it, they would rather have us order off the other menu. Undaunted, we shared the special menu and made our decisions. We both decided to start with the house chop salad: in a word, horrible. Store bagged lettuce, carrots and red cabbage with bland Italian dressing that was in the same league as Wishbone. My entree fared better: the fillet medallions were tasty, but the side of mashed potatoes was bland and just OK....and the 2 baby carrots for veggies was pretty much just plate 'dressing.' However, my husband got a rib eye steak that was a flat as a pancake and just about as juicy. Terrible. For dessert the only real choice was creme brulee (as the other choices were a scoop of ice cream or a scoop of sherbet...come on!) We did see pieces of strawberry cheesecake and some kind of fudge cake on other tables. Why couldn't they just give us a smaller piece of  that? But even worse than the food was the service. As soon as our waiter discovered we were not going to order an $80 bottle of wine or a $60 seafood appetizer, he disappeared into thin air. At one point we actually had to flag down a busboy to order another round of drinks! At the end of this debacle, I stopped in the ladies room before heading home....and low and behold...no toilet tissue in ANY of the stalls! Did I discretely whisper this to the hostess upon leaving? Heck no!  She probably wouldn't have cared!
4	I went for resturuant week.I got the filet mijon with blue cheese.... although very tasty, I'd rather have my steak with not too much on it. The quality of the food was very good. Their margaritas are soo delicious, not too sweet and with real lime juice. The creme brulee was also very good. The atmosphere was very fance, prob not a good place for kids.And the staff was over the top... so helpful and friendly. I was cold and they offered me a soft, cashmere sweater to wear during my dinner. I felt like royalty.great place!
4	Awesome!!I'm probably a little younger and more casual then the average Donovan client but the food is GREAT and the service is AWESOME!!!if you do not know, they have really good steak. What surprised me was how amazing the Salmon and Shrimp was. SURF and TURF!! I am now a huge fan, I had no idea how good the seafood was here.I have to also say the service of gentleman we had waiting on us did a fantastic job :)
5	This place is absolutely wonderful. My boyfriend and I have been here for a few special occasions and have never been dissappointed, the food is amazing and the service is just as good, our waiter was so unbelievably nice. Their steak could possibly be the best steak I have ever eaten, and their creme brulee is to die for. This place even does complimentary filet mignon sandwiches for happy hour...guarantee you will love this place just as much as we do!
3	Very high end steak house in town, with great service and ambience. Be prepared for the valet only parking lot, dont want to nick those ferrari's and in the parking lot.As far as the food goes, it was pretty good. It didnt stand out to me, but I did enjoy it. They do have some good options and will custom make you some things if you ask for it. Their home made soups are very good.
2	Went back, coupon in hand and...meh.
4	If you think Donovan's is just merely a steak house then you are dead wrong.  Order a glass of wine first dish was the Shrimp Cocktail with 4 jumbo shrimp in it, and soon came the calamari.  I thought both dishes were excellent.  I ordered the Filet medium rare with Bacon wrapped scallops, and an Asparagus salad.  I would suggest next time to ask the server about the "Oscar" styled sauce on your steak.  The Scallops were fresh and tender, and obviously the steak was brilliant.  My group of coworkers also ordered Mac & Cheese on the side ( it was pretty amazing actually).  And for desert i ordered creme brulee with a cup of coffee.  Over all i had an amazing time there, i would strongly suggest everyone to give it a try :)(and they do offer transportation with the "Donovan" if you live around the area..if its available).Ohhh and i forgot the Lampchops!! loved it!!!
5	This place willl always have a place in my heart, My husband took me here on our first date and it was amazing, Im only 25 and was a single mother of 2 at the time so I rarely got out and especially anywhere fancy, I was a bit uncomfortable but it was nice to be waited on and they make you feel very special.The bill was about 200 I think for the both of us wowza! The food was great I didnt have a problem with anything and the steak was perfect,the second time we went was right after my hubby asked me to marry him atop the mountain to the northeast of the steakhouse, still amazing and this time I got the creme brulee for dessert OMG so delicious! actually the first time ive ever had it but dont think anything can get better than that! I got steak again with mashed potatoes asparagus and baby carrots so yummy! I would recommend only going here for a special occasion because its so pricey unless your rich I guess. the service is great and very attentive, after we paid our bill and walked out our waiter ran outside to find us and shake our hands and give us his card,pretty sure he was happy about the huge tip my hubby gave him lol! then the valet,made me feel wierd the first time I was laughing and thinking dude im not some rich snob that cant even open their own door,but what are you gonna do they do it anyways.Overall great place to feel special and get a great meal but be prepared to shell out loads of cash, I would say bring 400 for 2 people just in case you have a date that orders alot of wine or drinks,the 200 for me and the hubby was without drinks, tip to waiter,and tip to valet.
3	Went with bf on a week night for a nice steak dinnerServer said very slow nightAmbiance is kind of too stuffy, good ole boys club for meThe servers felt fakely attentive, even a bit snottyThey have a 3 server system so each one has a particular roleI forgot what I asked for, but was told to tell the other server!Very put off by this, not the great service I was expectingAn younger server was nicer and chatted with usWe ordered a bottle of wine and both ordered the Steak and ShrimpFood was deliciousWill give it another try when an occasion arises
2	Being a big fan of the high end steak houses in town, I had to try Donovans. For some reason as I frequent City Hall, Ocean Club & Capital Grill, Donovans has always seemed to slip my memory. Now I know why, my experience at Donovans was absolutely TERRIBLE. Seriously 3 out of the four people who ate there said they have had better steaks at Outback and I agree. Let me start with the reasons why Donovans got 2 stars instead of 1. First, the wait staff captian John delivered impeccable service and should be commended with the way he handled a table who had 3 terrible, flovorless steaks. Second, the 2 bottles of 2005 Silveroak were fantastic, but at 160 a bottle it should be good. Third and the last reason I gave them 2 stars instead of 1 is because the filet medallions topped blue cheese were absolutely fantastic.I would never go back to Donovans unless they offered my a free dinner with wine to redeem themselves. I know some of the Yelpers out there might think I'm angeling but we spents oveer $600 on dinner for 4 with 2 bottles of wine. BTW that $600 was after John took off one full Ribeye and half off another entree. I can personally say that my filet was charred, sent it back, came back flavorless and the bacon wrapped scallops were dry and tastless as well.If you are looking for a excellent high end steak house stick to City Hall, OC, Capital Grill. I would really be impressed if someone from Donovans saw this review and offered to redeem themselves. Reviews can be ammended.
4	Wow. This place does fine dining right.  Elegant setting, Knowledgeable waiter, amazing food.Now, you should know that this place is not for the light-walleted.  Meals start at about $40 each and can get as high as $70ish if you lean towards the steak and lobster.  I had the Cajun Rib Eye which was quite possibly the best steak I have ever eaten.For those of you who do not know, a rib eye is Prime Rib that is seared like other steaks.  Sometimes served bone in, sometimes bone out.  This was no bone and it was perfect.  The cajun spices were not overpowering... but definitely filled the taste buds with flavor.  The meat was tender and juicy.Choice of potatoes I went with the Au Gratin which were also just amazing. Creamy cheese was crispy in spots and the potato slices were tender. We did not have any appetizers. My fellow diners had desert... From their reports the cheesecake was great but very rich and the Creme Brulee was really good.I would only choose to eat here again on special occasions but I am sure I will not be disappointed when I do.
3	i went to donovan's to try the az restaurant week tasting menu with friends.  although we had a reservation, it took them an additional 40 minutes to seat us.  normally not a big deal, but the atmosphere at the bar is boring and pretentious.once we were seated, our waitress was personable and informative.as for the food - the lamb chop appetizer was very tasty, but slightly overpriced in my opinion.  the caesar salad was underwhelming and had too much cheese on it. (reminded me of paradise bakery..)  i think i can find a better steak in phoenix.  i make better garlic mashed potatoes at home.  the scampi were covered in a weird cream sauce that made them entirely unappealing.  the seasonal vegetables consisted of half a baby carrot and.. was there anything else? i don't even care to remember.  the creme brulee was good, but too big.  the wine selection is decent.final word: save the $$ and time for a restaurant you will actually enjoy.
4	Before anything said, best service I could possibly ask for!! The crab cakes were just OK, most likely i wont try them again! It is Arizona though! The prime fillet was slightly more cooked than I usually prefer a medium rare steak, but very tasty!  The best part of the dinner was the sea food tower!! Just fantastic!! Can't get any better in AZ! They used to have a nice cigar lounge  with a decent selection of cigars, which was a complement to burn one after dinner, but not any more!! Overall a good experience!
4	I bought an $80 gift cert for $40 a while back and have been dying to use it and finally was able to drag my wife here.  I got the certificate on Local Dines ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ ) - honestly their coupons are the best thing ever and SOOOO worth it.  No restrictions like on Restaurant.com.After navigating their clusterfuk of a parking situation (you'll see what I'm taking about if you come from the east side of the street) we valeted the car and headed to the bar.  It is a pretty classy joint and we were the youngest people in there by several decades.  I like that because it means it will be quite and the service is good in a place that caters to an older crowd.  I was correct on both accounts.  Anyway, my wife had a glass of wine and I had an excellent vodka martini with excellent blue cheese olives.  The bartender was fast and friendly.Anyway, here is what I had:* Wedge Salad - I listened to my wife and ordered it with thousand island dressing which was stupid because I probably missed out on all the good stuff like chunks of blue cheese and bacon and stuff.  The thing was very very small and not worth it.  Just a tiny wedge of iceberg with some thousand island on it.  I may try it again but the way it is supposed to be served - with blue cheese and all the good stuffs.* Rib Eye - very good, very flavorful and cooked perfectly.  I would order it again.  The veggies and potatoes that came with were also pretty good but also pretty standard stuff.  I split this with my wife and it was more than enough.  She didn't like it because they split it at the table and not in the kitchen but I don't care.  She also doesn't like the rib eye because it is fatty but I love it and think it is great.* Mac and Cheese - This was just ok as well.  Not as creamy as I would have liked and they use weird little noodles that I'm not really a fan of.  I would not order this again but it was worth a shot.The service was very good and my diet cokes came very fast and without asking.  I would return again.PRO TIP:  Get the local dines ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ ) gift certificate !!
2	After experiencing many of the other "finer" steak restaurants in the area it was only inevitable that I try Donovans. I have had a gitt certificate from there for sometime, thus we had a reason to try.It was a Saturday night and the place was pretty busy for the country being in the midst of a recession. My husband and I got there a little before the rest of our party. We sat at the bar that definetly had a cool vibe. I had a decent glass of wine and my husband had an overpriced martini, that he enjoyed.Once the rest of the party arrived (my brother) we were seated. There seem to be some confusion at first to who our waiter was and this set the mood for the rest of the evening.I am a huge fan of Mastro's and Capital Grill, therefore I compare all restaurants to their quailty and service. Donovans just could not meet that burden. Seared Ahi = ehh. It looked as if it had been sitting out for awhile. When I eat ahi i like to look as fresh as it can, obviously.Wedge = My husband orderd the wedge. It was the weakest wegde I have ever seen. Honestly, they should be embarassed.Ribeye = I am not a fan of ribeye, it is too fatty for my taste, however, I hate ordering my own steak because I never finish it so I share with my husband. He is on a ribeye kick at this moment. Anyways, I found it charred, dry, and overly fatty.Peppercorn filet = My brother ordered this filet and seemed to enjoy it. Though he did note that it was definetly not worth the sticker price,Mac and Cheese = AWFUL... go to capital grill you will thank me later!Overall had I not eaten in other steak restuarants maybe Donovan's could fool me. If you are going to spend the money definetly go to Mastros, Capital Grill or even Durants (very cool place)!In the end it was just ehhh and not worth the money!
4	Donovan's is a sponsor of the Suns, so after hearing about it for a couple years, decided to give it a try for our anniversary about a month ago.  We were very happy with our experience.  Got there about a half hour early, valeted the car and had a drink at the bar.  When it was time for the reservation, we went up to the hostess stand and they took us to a back booth with our name on nameplate (nice touch!).  I had the bone in NY Strip, wife had the Filet and both pieces of meat were cooked excellent (med-rare) and very tasty.  When we finished, the manager, Jennifer, came over and told us happy anniversary and made sure we were having a great experience. The bill was pricey, but we expected that in going to a nice steakhouse.All in all, a first class joint!
3	I went for happy hour after seeing the steak sandwich on The Best Thing I've Ever Ate: Bang for the Buck on the Food Network.It is true that you get a piece of complimentary steak sandwich during happy hour and it's quite tasty. The drinks are OK. I had a Maker's Stone Sour (Makers Mark, sweet & sour, orange marmalade, shaken, on the rocks) and found it too sweet. "Martini hour" runs from 4 - 8 p.m. so it's definitely one of the longer/later happy hours in town where you can find half priced (you pay $7) martinis and specialty cocktails.The atmosphere is pretty "white table cloth," if you know what I mean. Not quite the place for a rollicking happy hour. That said, this is a good spot for a quite, classy happy hour reunion with a friend you haven't seen in a while. It will be quite enough to catch up and no wild distractions.
4	Great seafood tower and creme brulee.  Oh yeah the steaks are good too.  What I like about this place is that they take the time to learn your name and are attentive without being overly intrusive.  If you have to impress a small business group you can reserve the wine room.  They will work with you to create a special menu and you will leave feeling like a VIP.
4	We had a nice romantic dinner while traveling at Donovan's.  We had a beautiful seafood "tower" first course, 8 oz. filet entree, Cajun Ribeye, creamed spinach side, corn casserole side, one "chocolate decadence" dessert and 2 glasses of pinot noir.  Total bill, including 20% tip was $265.  Service was very attentive, the atmosphere was cozy, and the food was verrry flavorful.  We really enjoyed our evening.  Only downfall was that our 3 servers seemed to step on each other's toes a bit.
5	Oh Donovan how you woo me with your happy hour! Try the cucumber cooler it is oh so refreshing. Yummy gin and cucumber muddle then served up with a stick of cucumber love it!Also the steak sandwiches are oh so delicious dripping with cheese. The stuffed mushrooms make me melt. I will be back for dinner soon!
4	I have been to Donovan's twice now. Both times were for parties. The first time, we had the wine cellar room, which was an unbelievable atmosphere. It was extremely nice to have our own room. The service was exceptional, which was expected at the price we were paying. My first filet was overcooked, but my second filet was perfectly cooked at my desired medium rare. We had a party of 12 the second time we went and we were once again placed in a private room. The room was not as nice as the wine cellar, but it was still convenient to have our own room. The salad was unique with heart of palms, which I am not a fan of. The bread was warm and delicious. We had a nice Justin red wine that complimented the filet extremely well. The vegetables were cooked perfectly and very tasty. The mashed potatoes also had an amazing texture and taste. The wait staff was knowledgeable and willing to answer any question we had as well as being personable. You definitely get what you pay for.
4	Great experiences at Donovan's. Friendly staff and bartenders. (ask for Jordan or Ken). One of best steak places in Phoenix.Good happy hour and wine list as well.
3	Dinner with family on my daughter's 21st birthday. Food was excellent, however service was poor. It's difficult to pay $60.00 for a tip when it took 45 min. for the salad course! Lest you think I exaggerate, when the waiter brought entrees to a neighboring table & announced the dish , I heard the gentleman say "I guess- it's been so long I can't remember what I ordered!"Again, the food was wonderful, but 2 hours for a 3 course meal is ridiculous. Definitely NOT a place to go before an event.
5	One of my favorite steaks.  Went there a few weeks ago while in AZ for spring training.  We wanted to go to Mastros but couldn't get in at a decent hour with a last minute reservation.  Donovan's got us in no problem and I'm very happy about it. The restaurant was well appointed and classy but not too stuffy.   We were seated upon arrival by extremely friendly hostesses.  The waiter immediately took our drink order and struck up a conversation about baseball and our favorite team owner who often frequents the restaurant.  He was very nice to my 8 and 11 year old kids and wasn't put off by them.  The waiter and his assistants took great care of us, made sure our water was always full but did not overwhelm us.  My son and I shared the largest filet which was perfectly cooked to order and simply delicious as were the scalloped potatoes.  My wife had an incredibly delicious salmon and my daughter had  Mac n cheese side with bacon that was to die for. My martini was icy cold and the wine pours were generous.  Although a bit pricey Donovan's was definitely with it.
5	I knew I was in trouble when I was told I needed to dress up for our anniversary dinner. Hubby set up a wonderful surprise, which turned out excellent for both of us since neither of us had been to Donovan's before. It was obvious to me we have been married for 18 years, we both ordered the exact same meal- the filet mignon with shrimp scampi. Wow. Steak that melts in your mouth. Fresh veggies, and delish au gratin potatoes. I wanted to lick my plate clean, but figured in this upscale setting it probably wouldn't have been appropriate. Service was also excellent, we weren't kept waiting for anything. Great way to celebrate!
5	A classic. Celebrated my dad's 70th birthday here in grand style. A perfect selection for the traditional premiere steakhouses. Great lobster and wine too.
5	We went there on a busy Saturday night and the service was excellent.The staff even welcomed us back and it's been at least 9 years since I was there last.The shrimp were fresh and good size. My wife loved the halibut and my lamb chops were cooked to perfection.We had a wonderful time at Donovan's.
5	It's just a terrific steakhouse.  One of the most upscale, all around dining experiences in Phoenix. It's expensive.  Very expensive.  But probably worth it.  Figure $150-200 for a couple.I had the double filet medallion with blue cheese melted and a wine demiglaze.  Absolutely outstanding, amazingly tasty meats.  Equal or better than Morton's or Ruth's Chris or Capitol Grill (that's on the menu for tomorrow night).  Smashed potatoes were very good but nothing to write home about.  Veggies were pretty good.Started with the ceasar salary, with a big pile of anchovies.  Perhaps the best Caesar I've ever had.Desert was the mouse cake.  Good, but not to die for.Their happy hour is also an excellent value.  Come before six and drinks are half off, and they serve little mini steak sandwhiches, which are very good.Hint:  If you have kids, go to happy hour and have a drink or two.  Cocktails are in the $7 range happy hour price.  Cucumber cooler was quite nice for a cocktail.  Let the kids eat the sandwiches, and then head to the dining room for a couple of filets.  The kids are pretty full, you are nicely primed for a great steak, and the complete lack of a kids menu doesn't matter.  Honestly, otherwise, there really aren't any good kids options.  I know, it's not a great place for kids, even well behaved, but sometimes you want to celebrate a special occasion with family.  It would be nice if they offered a mini-filet for 12 and under for like $15, or a burger and fries for $10 for the kids.  Just a thought.Anyway, great experience, great food.  A really upscale, while linen, old style steakhouse kind of place to have prime beef.
4	Obviously if you are coming here you are expecting an exemplary dining experience and top notch steaks. They did not disappoint. My steak was cooked perfectly. My guests steak was slightly overcooked. Not enough to send it back though. Sides were excellent as well. Veggies were cooked perfectly slightly 'al dente'. The au gratin potatoes were great, not too heavy with cheese. Another guest at our table had lobster. It was what lobster should be like. Lobster can be overcooked so easily. This was not. Very tender and sweet. It is cleaned from the shell at the table for you by your server. Nice touch. Our server was very experienced and it showed. Her knowledge of the wine list and wines in general was beyond expectations. This dinner was for my birthday. The sent out a complimentary creme brulee. Which leads me to my one and only complaint. The custard were perfect. The brulee had obviously been done long before serving. It was not the hard candy crust it should have been. One very tiny fault, but a very easy one to remedy. Overall an excellent evening. I give it 4 stars due to desert and quality versus price ratio.
3	It was just ok as far as food goes the service I give A+, I went during rest week and got a great price and good value, But as for going and paying full price.I would say I would not go back . You can find much better steakhouses in the valley for similar price
2	I made a reservation for Donovan's prix fixe menu during AZ Restaurant Week. Sadly, the overall experience was lacking in almost every respect.* We arrived about five minutes early for our reservation and were told we would "be sat nearer our reservation time" - we were eventually sat more than 20 minutes after our reservation time. Whatever happened to "Sorry, we're running behind"? 'Sorry' being the keyword here.* Once seated, our waiter was pointed out to us, but we were never greeted. The gentleman who brought water to our table returned several times to ask if the waiter had been to our table. After about ten minutes, the same gentleman (aka busboy) said he would be taking our orders.* We were told there would be a choice of four potato preparations, but were not asked to specify. What arrived were some enormous mounds of very sad 'mashed' potatoes- there was at least a quarter of a whole potato on my plate that seemed to escape the masher!* We both ordered med-rare beef medallions, but the butchering was terrible: my medallions were plump and lovely, my husband's duplicate order looked more like thin cutlets.* Our actual waiter stopped by the table and introduced himself midway through our entrees, which, by the way, looked like they were plated for a cafeteria.Complaints aside (and there are a lot, I know!), the beef was delicious, the bartender was friendly and efficient despite the standing room only conditions, and the valet was literally running to make parking smooth and hassle-free.I left feedback on Opentable.com and, to Donovan's credit, received a polite and prompt response with an offer to make amends.
3	I took my girlfriend to Donovan's for her birthday and was really looking forward to one of the better steakhouses in Phoenix. The restaurant has that dark old school steakhouse ambiance that I love. We had a reservation, which I would recommend, and were seated right away. We ordered a couple drinks and an appetizer (bacon wrapped scallops). True to form for a good steakhouse my martini was perfect with blue cheese olives. The scallops were huge with the crispy bacon and I believe fried spinach. Delicious! The start of our night was awesome. The wait staff gave us all the time we wanted to order our entrees. We ordered our entrees and by this time my martini was gone. I was kinda surprised they didn't ask if I wanted another one. Needless to say I would have if they asked, but I didn't order one. I ordered the peppercorn filet and my girlfriend ordered the petite filet. Mine was perfect, but I was a little shocked by my girlfriends. The cut of filet was somewhat hacked and the temp medium rare was definitely medium+. We had to send it back because it was way too chewy. The staff had no problem getting her another one. The second filet was night and day to the first. I understand that mistakes happen, but this one was way too obvious. Should have been caught at the pass. We were really let down by Donovan's. I guess when you go to a nice place you expect perfection. She only had a couple bites of her new filet (which was really good), but she had filled up on my filet and bread. The filet issue and attention to detail with our drinks was just not what we were expecting with a high end restaurant like Donovan's. Still searching for our Gibson's steakhouse in Phoenix.
4	Last night was amazing at this delicious steak house. I strongly advise anyone that wants good steak to come here for the prime rib. Definitely once a year type place because of how expensive it is. Which is why i reduced the star level. Service was definitely good enough. The first lady that approached us at our table wasn't a stellar server but the bus boy or whatever he was was amazing. Letting us know about the steaks wines and potatoes and such. calamari was pretty good too.  The bread and butter were amazing as well. I was very surprised that my prime rib was a lot better then  my Bf's filet Mignon(which tasted a little too salty for my  taste and I had been drinking a little bit since it was my birthday and my BF bought me a bottle of champagne, so that takes a lot for me to say that). I did not necessarily care for my bf's scalloped potatoes that are kind of deep fried with caramelized onions and peppercorn gravy.  The garlic mashed were a million times better with the steaks.My BF's twin brother ordered the chicken for $25 and said it was no where near as good as the steaks we had all ordered except him so which is why when you go to a steak house you must order a steak. BE PREPARED, They are no where near cheap. The cheapest thing you can order is a glass of beer on tap.  Next to that are the appetizers then chicken then assuming the seared ahi but I had come for the steak! might as well since it was my birthday when we went.  The creme brulee was good but I'm glad we didn't have to pay for it because it definitely was not as amazing as some other I've tasted. I am extremely glad our service wasn't terrible or didn't get any living parasites in  my foods because I cannot tell you how upset I would be not to have a manager that cared about that kind of stuff.  I find it so hard to believe that a manager could possibly act that way as if they didn't care about quality service at what people pay there. That kind of worries me for the next time I would like to dine there again.  I guess its a chance of luck or risk but if their steak was as amazing as it was last night I would not mind taking that chance again.
3	I prefer their La Jolla location. Went with a large group and the staff handled us pretty well. Only complaint was that the staff didn't pull the the empty wine glasses when we ordered a different bottle. Is it too much to ask for a new glass for a new wine?
4	Spent Friday night at Donovan's.  We'd been given a gift card and decided to splurge.    The. best. filet. i've. EVER. had.  Tender.  Juicy.  Amazingly flavorful.  Just perfect. The potatoes au gratin was phenomenal.  The mac and cheese with bacon appetizer was delicious (although was better when adding a touch of salt.)  The man had the Kansas City strip and it was moist and yummy.I wish the lady next to us would have had the chance to experience the joy of eating such a quality piece of beef, but she ordered it as a butterflied medium well.  I cringed.  THEN she asked for A-1.  Ew.  Granted, if it's really a GREAT piece of meat, you can order it medium well or well done and it won't taste like shoe leather, but still.  If it's a GREAT piece of meat, then you won't need to.  *stepping down off of soap box*The reason I gave four stars as opposed to five is because of the pace of the meal.  Turns out the server forgot to fire our entrees after our appetizer.  It happens.  I was a server for many years.  We didn't mind; we were there to enjoy the atmosphere and each other's company. It was a bit disheartening seeing the others around us enjoying their dinners even though we'd arrived before they did as a first impression.
4	Went there for happy hour food was great but the service was a little slow. I would go back again
5	Went here for a company party and was very impressed with the food and the service. My absolute favorite thing I ate was the lamb chops. They were amazing, they had so much flavor and were cooked perfectly. The filet is up there with the best I have ever had. We were treated like royalty by the staff, but they were down to earth as well. I had a fabulous time here and would recommend this place to everyone!
4	Ate with a large party, so only saw limited menu. Steaks were excellentt, had Filet, very tender. Vegetables were slathered in butter, kind of nasty. Caesar's Salad very good, nice tasty anchovies on the side. Cheesecake was good, but not great, crust not thick enough.  Service was very slow, sat with empty wine glass most of the dinner.
2	Cranky bar staff and antiquated menu make this a place to skip.  Went to the bar to meet friends for dinner.  Our friends like to use the competing check-in app.  Seems it was offering free drink for first timers.  Ordered my free drink and got a diatribe from the waiter how they would never honor it again.  So much for first impressions.  No wonder they hand out free food for happy hour.   My steak was cooked nicely but the options were minimal.  Mac and cheese in a martini glass - so lame and not very good.  Mashed potatoes that I can get at the neighborhood pub.  My salad was just as uninspiring.  Donovan's calls it classic.  I call it outdated, boring, and bland.So many better steak houses in town.
5	Donovan's is as good as it gets, in my book. I have been 4 times for celebrations and they treat you with the best service! Friendly, yet top of the line wait staff. The food is original and basic at the same time! Jose is our waiter each year as we request him, and he is fantastic!The free shuttle van comes to Tempe to get us at the hotel and waits until we are done to drop us back off!
3	I've seen Donovan's name all the time in the airplane magazines listed among the top 10 steak houses in the country so I went there like 3 years ago. I wasn't impressed and that's why I never went back. But I believe that everybody deserves a second chance so I went back.The place is pretty nice, the service was friendly and professional and all in all the ambiance was a solid four star rating. But when it comes to the food...The bread was hard and stiff, I don't know if it's the bread type or it was old. The taste wasn't bad but the texture wasn't good in my opinion.The house chopped salad was flavorless and it was too much salad.The Mac and Cheese with bacon was barely ok.I asked our waiter what to order since I wasn't impressed by their filet last time and he recommended the rib eye (I asked specifically between those 2 dishes).I ordered the rib eye and it was good but nothing impressive. If this place was half as expensive, it would be a four star. BTW, all the dishes were extremely hot, like "hell, I-burned-my-mouth-roof-and-it's already-peeling" hot. Anyways, good place for a date but don't expect much from the food and be ready to pay some extra money.
4	Went to a group dinner here while at a conference.  We were all very impressed with the food for a large (40ish) group.  Those of us who ordered steaks were happy - good meat, perfectly cooked veggies.  Those who asked for vegetable plates were happy too.  Our group closed the restaurant but we never felt rushed.  The ambiance was lovely and the main dining area looked very nice.  If I lived out here, I'd definitely give it a try.
2	It seems Donovan's has taken over the top tier reputation for steak and chop down the Camelback corrider and I was let down. I've experienced nearly every steak place in Phoenix and Scottsdale. I have a descerning eye and taste for steaks in town. Could have been an off night, but the steak was good not great. I love when steaks come sizzling to the table, in butter or not, and I appreciate they need to stand for as much as ten minutes before cutting in, but the Donovan's steak just look like it was waiting back in the kitchen too long. I ordered a NY strip charred medium rare + and it came back marginally charred and decidedly medium rare, Waiter up-saled on the seafood tower. $68 for nothing special -- oysters, crab legs and old lobster tails. Everything else was just fine. Wine list was dissappointing. Almost impossible to go frugal, so that you can justify (2) bottles. Table for 3 was nearly $600 with tip. Ultimately -- for me -- I'm there to judge the steak. In the last (2) years, my best steak was Ruth's Chris in Scottsdale on Indian Bend.
4	One extra star for the Bulleit Manhattan. Now, THAT'S what I'm talking about...
5	I just went to Donovan's on a date, and we had an amazing experience there! The food was delicious (although very expensive); I had the salmon and oysters, and he had a 10 oz. steak and wedge salad. The service was fantastic, and the ambiance was refined and elegant. Definitely a great place to go for a special occasion. I'll be returning for sure.
1	Had dinner with five friends here. Four of us arrived and had a cocktail at the bar. We were seated after a 10 minute wait. Someone came by the table to greet us as soon as we were seated but we weren't sure if he was the waiter or not. He said bread was on the way (but we didn't see it till 20 minutes later) and gave us some menus.We sat for nearly 10 minutes waiting for our waiter and no one showed up. I also want to note that the restaurant wasn't too busy on a Friday night (perhaps this review will explain why). One of my buddies asked another waiter for our server. The same guy who greeted us came back and said he was our waiter. I am not going to say his name as I don't want our country's unemployment rate to go up. The waiter made excuses on why he didn't come back. Whatever...One of my buddies who's a wine connoisseur ordered a 2007 Syrah and the waiter brought out a 2008 instead. We politely sent it back. My buddy followed with another 2007 Cabernet and we again received the 2008 instead. How hard is it to update the wine menu? There's a huge difference in wine when it comes to the year. How can a "famous" steakhouse have such an oversight on the menus.All of our appetizers came before we could order the wine. Luckily we were still drinking our house wine and cocktails we ordered from the bar. Just about when we finished our appetizers, we got our bread. Really? What's the point?We settled on the 2008 Cabernet and had to ask for a decanter. The waiter didn't know what it was and later came back with one. I ordered the dinner special which was $50 for a soup or salad, follow by a main course and dessert. The soup was a bit salty but acceptable. I got the filet as a main. The meat was ok. Not great. I didn't like the fact that they put sour cream and raspberry sauce on the filet. If it was a good meat, no sauces are necessary. The best part of my meal was the dessert which was a warm bread pudding. My other three buddies' all ordered steaks a la carte. Of the three steaks, only one was good -- ribeye. For the other steaks which were $40+, I don't think it met our expectations. You can certainly head down the road to Ruth's Chris or Delfrisco for a similar steak. I personally would head back to Tarbell's which is also down the road.Overall, the meal was so so at best. Not worth the price. The service here was horrendous.
5	We all heed the warnings about drinking and driving especially on New Years Eve. I do need to warn folks of another danger that I experienced this past New Years Eve. This would be eating then driving. I took my lovely wife to Donovan's Steak and Chop House to celebrate our anniversary and NYE. I had the wedge salad, filet Oscar style (awesome), lobster tail (best lobster we ever ate), garlic mashed, veggies and chocolate mouse. When we finished they had to get a hand cart to wheel me out to the car because I was so full I could not walk. I then had to drive us home (I was the DD) which was extremely difficult with the buttons popping off my shirt and ricocheting all around the car. At one point I thought we were being shot at because one button caught me in the back of the head after it bounced off the ceiling. It was wild. So be careful when over consuming kids!Oh and of course the service was awesome.
2	My fiancee and I have dined at Donovan's just a couple of times. The first, a few years ago for a late afternoon bite and a Happy Hour drink. We were disappointed by the (all-male) serice staff who were stuffy and borderline rude. We felt this was as a result of not ordering expensive wine or steaks. The dark wood and white tablecloths along with valet service made us feel special and important but the quality of service had the opposite effect. Recently, some friends of ours encouraged us to give the place another try as there has been a change of hands in onwership or something. Sadly, no real changes were noticable. If anything, the experience was worse! Though there are now female servers, the quality of food has decreased (our side of potatoes was served cold and my steak was overdone) and management seemed disinterested in our displeasure. As a matter of fact, the female manager on staff in a tight fitting business suit could not be courteous enough to stop by our table even after we requested her to do so. We will definitely NOT be back this time.
3	Had better, more flavorful steaks for the same price. My filet mignon was thin and dry, while others at the table had the same and theirs was thicker and juicier. No seasoning on the steak. Mashed potatoes were just that...potatoes.UPDATE(started the review few months ago)-was there again (free dinners so why not) and they were amazing. Not sure if there was a new chef or what, but I would recommend it (though I do prefer other steak places if I'm the one paying).
3	We had a living social discount and I was excited to try the steakhouse. I was not impressed with Donavan's. Went to the uncrowded bar and no one served us while we waited for about 15 min. We got sat down to a table that was weirdly in the spotlight. All other tables had that dimmed mood lighting but we were right under a super bright recessed light. Service was slow at first with getting our drinks and they even ran out of the drink that I wanted from the menu. Service did get better towards the end. Food was okay, kind of bland for my taste. We tipped a little over 20% of the full price b/c I think there's a stigma that groupon/living social users do not tip well or for the full price. There are better steakhouses out there like Durrants or Mastro's. Won't be back.
5	had a groupon... Great deal. Sat in the bar and enjoyed dinner. Ken was great, and the food was too.
5	As a fine dining fellow I was excited that with the wife and kids outta town I could pamper myself. Wonderful service and the food was spot on! Perfectly cooked and flavorful petite filet with lobster tail also cooked to perfection. Immediately aware that your teeth have met a piece of Prime. Many lobster can be over-cooked any chewy, not this one. I had them de-shell it for me as it should be in a nice place and ate it and the steak with au gratin potatoes over the course of an hour.The only downer was the groupon/living social grazers coming in without any etiquette and not even knowing to turn their phone to silent/vibrate. I had to look at them and say aloud "Honestly?" and they seemed to get the hint. Enjoyed the rest of my $106 meal! Worth the money and great dining, just ensure the coupon cutters aren't there that night!
3	This past weekend we were celebrating my birthday with a little staycation up the road at Royal Palms and since I had read this place had the best steaks in Phoenix, I decided to give it a try since I love a good steak on my birthday. Admittedly, I'm a bit of a filet snob since I grew up in the midwest and we have some of the best steaks I've had anywhere in the world. I drive by this place all the time and its outside apparence looks like a typical, run of the mill steakhouse so I never considered it but when a Living Social deal was offered, it prompted us to give it a try and I thought maybe the inside had something great to offer. We called several times the day before to try and change our reservation time but only got their answering machine on a Sunday. I doubt they were closed so I'm not sure what was going on with that. We decided the original time worked for us anyway so we made our way there. Upon arrival we were greeted by very friendly and welcoming valet. When we stepped inside it was a tiny bit of a let down. It was the standard, dark wood, white table cloth steakhouse that looks just about every other one I've been to. The reception staff was very friendly and one woman happily agreed to take our picture while the other hostest went to check on our booth. She returned shortly and took us to a booth without any waiting. While I'm not fond of the U shaped booth that's always awkward to sit in, no matter how many are in your party, it was pretty comfy and we settled in.Our team of servers were nice and prompt with water, bread and telling us about the specials. No one ever asked if we were celebrating anything special so it never came up that it was my birthday. It was nice to see that the potato and vegetables were included in the price of the steaks rather than al a cart. Other sides were average priced for a steakhouse at about $11-15 I think. I opted for the 8oz filet, medium, with a baked potato and requested that I substitue my vegetables for a side of creamed spinach. Unfortunately they couldn't accomodate a direct substitution so we ended up paying for a full side of the spinach and also of the Mac N Cheese with bacon. My fiance ordered the cajun ribeye. The bread and butter were good, but nothing different or extraordinary. When our dinner arrived, it looked really good. Instead of loading the potato in the kitchen, the waiter had a server with all the potato toppings and offered as much butter and sour cream as I wanted, nice touch. The sides of spinach and mac n cheese were big portions and looked delicious. My first cut into the steak was perfect and it was perfect throughout. While the tenderness was superb, you could cut it with a fork, and the flavor was good, there was nothing that set this apart from the rest of the other steaks you can get elsewhere like a Ruth's Chris or Capital Grill. Zero seasoning so all you got was meat. Luckily I went all out on the sour cream for my potato because otherwise, it was very dry. The creamed spinach was really good but I didn't care for the mac n cheese. It seemed a bit dry to me and the bacon bits on it almost tasted like Bacon bits from a jar. I would have preferred Velvetta shells and cheese to this. My fiances ribeye was also cooked perfectly and the taste I had, it was really good. The staff continued to check on us through out the meal and we opted not to order dessert because we were so full.There was no issue using the Living Social deal and the meal ended up costing about $100 once we used the deal pricing. Overall, good service, mediocre steak and average sides. The ambiance was standard steakhouse with little to differentiate itself from anywhere else. Our meal was good but I don't think I'd ever come back.
5	I booked our reservation with Donovan's in celebration of our third anniversary together using the Open Table app that is built into their website where I included a brief note that it is our anniversary. When we arrived at the restaurant, we grabbed a drink at the bar (it was happy hour pricing) and then we were shown to our table which was adorned with red rose petals.  Everyone who visited our table that evening congratulated us on our anniversary.  We enjoyed their bacon mac n cheese, their house chop salad, and their rib eye steak.   We were all set to order dessert when our service staff delivered a complimentary Creme Brulee that was simply divine.  All in all the food and the service was excellent. Definitely worth the trip. Today I received an email thanking us for our visit and again wishing us happy anniversary.  It does not get much better than the total experience that is Donovan's Steak and Chop House.
2	Good service nice staff. But the food is over priced. My steak was cold in the middle. In my opinion you would be better off going to someplace else for a good steak.
3	Great old school steakhouse, great service! We had the living social and that did not affect the way our servers treated us. I got a cheaper bubbly and it was very nice. We started with the mushroom app, it was good, but not great imo. It had a good texture and balsamic, red bell peppers, and goat cheese. Now the steaks, I got the filet (medium rare) and shrimp scampi with the garlic smashed potatoes, he got a ribeye and at the server's wonderful suggestion charred rare with the au gratin taters. My filet was so tender, the veggies were good nothing special, but it was nice to have some veg, my smashed potatoes were good, I definitely got garlic the first couple bites, but then it faded maybe I got used to it. The au gratin potatoes were good, but not as good as I expected, His ribeye was so flavorful, the charred rare was the way to go, although I find rare too chewy, I like medium rare. I wish I had ordered the larger filet instead of the scampi because my shrimp were quite over, they were very tough. I only got 2, so we ate them, I didn't mention it.Our server recommended the oreo pie and we got it even though it wasn't out number one pick. It was good, but got very rich. He though it was too chocolatey so I ate most of it. I would personally pass on it next time.
2	Up till now, I've only used Yelp to read reviews when I wanted to try a new restaurant. Tonight, I am giving my own.... My girlfriend and I had never dined at this restaurant.  We would always dine at other establishments like Maestro's (I just prefer steaks in butter).  We decided to give this a try because a national online discount company (LS) had a $40 for $80 offer AND we read pretty good reviews about Donovan's.Let me start by saying that service makes everything better.  The food was good (3.5*).  Our servers, Jose and Augustine, were tremendous and genuine.  They made the food taste better.  But, here's the kicker... I watched the GM go to 4 tables around us, during the time (1.5 hrs) we were there, and asked "How is everything?"  I kept counting down with my gf as to when he was going to ask us.  Tick tock tick tock..  He's got 20 min, 10 min, TIME! He walked by our table at least 5 times. Finally, as we were walking out, he finally acknowledged us.  Was it because he knew that we were a "discounted" table and we were "cheap"? Not worth the time?  I'm sure he did because we had to mention we had the offer when we made our reservations.  After all, the tables around us got a special visit.MR. GM, (Tom Brewer)Although there are people who take advantage of these discounts, customers like us use it as an opportunity to try a restaurant that we wouldn't normally try (and we tip well!).  If it's great, we're in!  Isn't that your goal?  Isn't word of mouth just gold to you?  If you, as the leader of your restaurant, can't give equal attention to ALL of your customers, what should you expect of your staff?Again, Augustine and Jose were the best.  Too bad the leader of the restaurant tainted that and knocked this rating down 1.5*..
4	Very impressed with Donovan's. service was excellent... Our server was Terrance and he clearly is very passionate which came through very clear and made the experience "enhanced." Never had an empty glass of water the entire time either... The attention of the whole staff was super. My special, the surf and turf was perfect. My wife was not as impressed with her seafood scallops but still enjoyed her meal overall.We will be back, thanks for a great dining experience.
1	I work right down the street from Donovan's and had been looking forward to trying it for a while. My husband and I decided to treat some friends to a nice steak dinner. They wanted to go to Flemmings, but we convinced them to go to Donovan's, not a good decision in retrospect.  Yes, the food is terrific, our steak/seafood selections were delicious, but the service and the ambiance was really lacking.  I think if you are going to charge that much money for a steak or a piece of fish everything needs to be on point.  They sat us in a strange, claustrophobic room in the middle of the restaurant with extremely bright lights.  We were sort of segregated from the rest of restaurant.  We had two waiters, both of which ignored us for most of the night.  We kept having to ask our busser to locate one of our waiters so we could order cocktails/dinner/etc.  At one point, we had so many dirty dishes and empty glasses that we had to pile them on the corner of the table.Then the kicker, after we paid our bill and left, the restaurant called me in the car on my way home and told me they didn't charge us enough money.  Unbelievable, yes, but sadly true.  My husband and I eat out a lot, and I cannot recall a time EVER that a restaurant called me and to tell me they wanted to charge us more money after the fact.  The caller said to make up for their mistake, they will buy us a bottle of wine next time we visit.  Fortunately for us, there will be no "next time."  There are plenty of other, much better options to eat in Phoenix.
4	This was our first visit to Donovan's after hearing good things for quite awhile about it . We had a 530 dinner reservation, complimentary valet parking was nice. The atmosphere inside is very versatile; it's relaxed enough for a business dinner or casual meal but can also be romantic seated in one of the cozy booths. The service really was wonderful. They were friendly, attentive, informative without being pushy. What I really liked was that they included sides in the price of the entree and a lot of higher end steakhouses do not. Food was delicious and it was an overall good experience.
4	Great place to go to relax, meet friends, and have great food.  Really enjoy this place!
2	Others have said great service.   Well, our experience was not so good.   2 hours 45 minutes later for an anniversary dinner.   First, seated quickly - but the waiter disappeared and came back with apologies.  Okay - having a good time.   Then the food - mushy crab cakes - better use lemon because the tartar sauce overwhelms the crab cake; calamari - breading crunchy but a bit much - same tartar sauce so lots of lemon is better.  Ribeye - for $60 not close to Capital Grille or even the old standby of Durants.   The manager was apologetic but it took us 10 minutes to get the bill - by that time - the restaurant was pretty empty.   Not even a close chance we will return after this experience
4	In all the years I've lived in the valley I've never tried Donovan's.  I'm so glad they offered a special on Livingsocial because if it wasn't for this who knows when I might have tried them, if ever.  Wonderful, from my martini, wedge salad, king crab legs and bone- in ribeye.  Everything was excellent !  I will visit again and very soon.  I'm already craving one of those martinis and a ribeyes!  Service was also very good and friendly.
5	Okay I have to say that I loved this meal. It was one of the better meals that I have had in a long time. We started off with the bacon wrapped scallops. They were on a bed of asparagus with a ginger orange sauce. Very delicious! I had the Fillet Oscar which were two fillet mignon medallions with crabmeat and a hollandaise sauce on top. They were cooked perfectly. It was accompanied by asparagus and potatoes au gratin. I also ordered a side of the brussels sprouts with bacon. They were very good. Don had the 12 ounce New York with the garlic mashed potatoes and sugar snap peas. It was cooked perfectly and he ate every last bite. I couldn't pass up dessert of bread pudding and a coffee with Frangelica and Bailey's. It was the perfect ending to a wonderful meal. We will definitely be back!
5	Yep.  It was that great!Service was flawless - immediate refilling of glasses before they were below half full, waitress heard me comment about temperature and immediately offered a sweater (which was needed), drinks were quickly brought to the table (and my mixed drink was described with a few extra details to ensure it's what I was wanting).Food was perfectly, and I mean, PERFECTLY cooked.  Grabbed some of the peppercorn sauce for my smashed garlic potatoes.  While the taters definitely stood on their own, I'm glad to have had the crazy delish gravy to douse my potatoes with.  The veggies of a single carrot and snow peas were cooked fine, but being a veg-head, I'd have wished for a lot more.  Regardless, my filet, potatoes, and veggies were more than enough for an over-the-top gluttonous meal!The manager stopped by the table to make sure everything was to our liking and cooked correctly.  Even valet was seamless with the experience.Based on some of the reviews, I was concerned we'd find our steaks under-seasoned, and I even thought about asking for extra seasoning.  Alas, it was absolutely perfect as is.Definitely a splurge-worthy meal!Bonus: the happy hour offers discounted cocktails and free steak sandwiches...we didn't imbibe since a steak sandwich before my steak meal seemed a bit over-the-top-fatass-American.
5	We had the best service at this place. Boyfriend had the 16 oz ribeye oscar style and me being the vegetarian, had this awesome asparagus salad. Steak was cooked perfectly.  They were very accommodating to what I requested, and they made a veggie like me feel welcome in a steakhouse! If there is one takeaway that you must get out of this review, you must get the Oreo pie for dessert. Thick layers of Oreo crust between vanilla and chocolate ice cream soaking in a sea of chocolate Carmel sauce....OMG to die for! Best dessert I've had in phoenix.
5	Went here for restaurant week because we're cheap and don't like to pay full price and very glad we did.  I must be getting old because there was soft music in the background and even though the restaurant was busy it was relatively quiet and I liked it that way.  My wife and I were probably the youngest patrons in the restaurant by at least 20 years.  The food was awesome.  I ordered the filet rare and it actually came out rare.  It's the easiest way to cook steak but you'd be surprised how many other places mess that up.  I like this place better than City Hall but less than Shula's.  I'd come here again if I were trying to impress some out-of-towners visiting me... if my out-of-towners were over 50 years old.
5	The Australian Cold Water Lobster is the best I have ever had. All of the other food is very high quality and well prepared but the lobster stands out. Service is superior. Environment is a bit fancy for my taste, but often good food comes with the whole "well to do" interior design.
4	Great service.  Our server was fantastic, as were the others on his team helping.Don't come here in a rush.  My steak took about 30 minutes or more to prepare, and it was still a bit rare, so 5 minutes more for it to come out perfect.This is definitely good for a special occasion.   I saw some tables with roses spread all over.  I would recommend getting a big steak and sharing it with two people.One thing I can't wait to return for are the Complimentary Prime Filet Mini Steak Sandwiches during Happy Hour.  What a great deal!
3	The food is good but a bit over priced. Hubs ordered filet medium rare and it was cooked perfectly but at $50 the steak better blow your socks off. Meh...One thing that did blow our socks off were the skillet potatoes! Sweet baby jesus those are good. Skip the mashed potatoes and order the skillet potatoes - you'll be thanking me later. I had the halibut because I wasn't feeling like steak. The fish was slightly overcooked and the sauce was SUPER salty. I like salt, but this was like eating a spoonful a salt with every bite . Lesson learned....stick with the specialty.If you're in the mood for dessert like we were, order the oreo ice cream pie/cake. MMMMMM huge portion of delicious oreo crusted ice cream cake. You may hate yourself the next day at the gym but it's totally worth it.
2	I wish I had more space to comment so in brief; I called the Restaurant 3 different days to discuss my upcoming anniversary. Each time the phone just rings until you must leave a message. On my 3rd attempt, I did leave a message requesting the Mgr to call me back. The next day I did hear from an associate who told me the Mgr would call me later that same day when he arrives. That return call never came. The food service was very slow, had to wait approx 15 min between courses, which is probably why we were seated 25 min late for a 7pm RSVP. The food was merely average, employees were polite and formal but had zero personality like working with robots. For a $282 dinner for 2, I don't see Donovan's as an establishment that I could recommend.All areas of opportunity seem to revolve around the Restaurant's people/employees and there performance and execution or lack there of. This change in culture and performance must of course begin from the top with the Restaurant Manager who himself, fails to display a commitment to customer service and a fine dining experience. Your Restaurant is a good example that just because the meal is expensive, doesn't guarantee that the food and service will match. I no longer consider Donovan's as a premiere dining destination.
2	We went to Donovan's last night for my wife's Birthday celebration. It's a lovely place, in a sort of "typical" Chicago or NY style steak house style. Dark, nice wood, lots of staff to take care of you, and a really nice looking bar. We felt the food was of overall good quality, but we were disappointed in a couple of ways. As customers, we'll get a little pickier when the price goes up. I'm used to Durant's for this kind of food -- it's a bit more reasonable, and always good. I have an allergy. I told them about it two weeks prior when we made the reservation. They remembered it when they introduced themselves to us -- which was nice. But then, the first thing they put on the table (the bread) they had absolutely no idea what was in it. Our server asked a person in the kitchen who said one thing. Then, the main chef said another thing, and basically I was left on my own. (I risked it and turned out OK). But, for the money, this place should have a book they look at for all ingredients and allergens. Really -- if a McDonalds can do it, they should be able to.Our filet was served Medium and it was bright red, cherry red, throughout. I feel that's a bit underdone. It tasted very good, however. The side dish we ordered of creamed spinach was very small. I'm used to Steak Houses providing family sized portions when you order side dishes. Our server deserted us throughout the bulk of the meal. She was a delightful person, but she spent more time at the larger tables and never asked us about our steak.Overall, a pleasant evening but not everything that it could have or should have been. Added on Jan 3, 2015: We had an email from Donovan's, from a manager, who said "C'mon back and get a couple of free deserts. We want to take care of you," and then she never sent the coupon she promised. Later individuals had no idea what we are talking about. Figures!
5	Loved! My sister and I dined in the lounge. During happy hour they serve complimentary prime rib and chesse sanwhiches. Delicious!Ken was our sever/bartender. He was funny and knowledgable . Also meticulous with manicuring our table. We will be back to see him.  Our dinner was fantastic. We started hot bread and a wedge salad that was smoothered in bleu cheese dressing and crumbles( I like smoothered ). My sister and I shared a porterhouse with augratin potatoes and snap peas/carrots. Everything was cooked to perfection. We finished with Oreo cookie pie. Wow! Loved this place!
3	This place wasn't great, it wasn't bad, but it didn't live up to its cost. I have eaten here multiple times. It's a very traditional steak house. My wife and I went recently on date night. We started with cocktails and salads, they were good, as expected. I for the entree I had the ribeye and brussel sprouts. The ribeye was cooked perfectly but the flavor was noting to get excited over. Seemed like a thin cut too. The brussel sprouts were frankly bad. The bacon pieces on them were very chewy (can bacon go stale?) my wife had a shrimp cocktail which she liked. Overall it was a decent meal but if I'm gonna spend that kind of money for a steak house I'm much happier at Mastro's or Eddie V's.
5	Steak is so good....good quality seafood here as well. Its an old school steak house so don't go looking for super modern, you wont find it....old fashioned, great service, quality steakhouse...Probably a little over priced. If you have tried this place and liked it, check out Durants in Phoenix. Love that place!
5	Brilliant! Simply divine. Our waiter Jay made the experience an absolutely perfect evening!
5	Have you ever experienced a visit to a restaurant that you wouldn't change in any way?  Everything about Donovan's was outstanding - from the time we arrived to the time we left, it was nonstop wonderful food, ambiance and service.  We enjoyed:Crab cake appetizer:  It was more like a crab continent - this thing was big!   Big and full of crab meat goodness, without any filler.  Crab, crab  and more crab.  Spinach salad:  Light blend of spinach, mushrooms, bacon and a tangy dressing - a great transition into the main courseFilet with shrimp scampi:  My filet was prepared a perfect medium rare, and the shrimp were graced with a light garlic sauce that still allowed the shrimp flavor to shine through.  Entrees come with vegetables (snap peas and carrots - crunchy and flavorful) as well as a choice of potato.  We both chose baked potatoes, which were garnished with all the fixin's tableside.  Yum!Wine and water glasses never went empty - every need seemed to be anticipated before we could even ask.  The team made us feel both appreciated and pampered.  I wish more restaurants had this type of attention to detail.My only regret is we did not save valuable stomach real estate for dessert.  Guess a return visit has to happen soon!
3	Grat ambiance, great service, but if you are looking for a char on a medium rare steak, this is not the place.  Grill marks are as far as you get.   Disappointed, in that they advertise 1800 degree cooking temperatures.  There are other restaurants that can do it, so  I doubt that I will return.  Salad, potato, and veggies were mostly fine.
4	This place has amazing steaks. The service is always great as well. You definitely  get what you pay for in the steak department. However as great as the steaks are this place could improve the salads and sides. I feel this restaurant  could be tops if they match up the quality of the sides to that of the steaks.
5	We had reservations for 9 family members for a special occasion at Durant's since it was an old family tradition to dine there but after waiting for an hour and 15 minutes and still no available table, even though the previous diners were just sitting at the table and talking, we called Donovan's and they were able to accommodate us so we had our driver pick us up and drive us to Donovan's and even though it was almost 10:00pm by the time we got there, the service and food were outstanding!  The staff were very friendly, patient and helpful and we had a wonderful family dinner...it will be our new family tradition!
5	I like everything about this place, they really do everything right.  From the valet parking to the host staff that greets you, you know you're in for a great time. First time I ever dined here was while vacationing here in 2011. I've been back several times since and it never disappoints. The salads are full portion, the sides are also generous in size and expertly prepared (we had Lyonnais potatoes and Asparagus). The steaks were perfectly cooked and I loved the seer they had on the surface.  Great wine list and the selection of spirits are first rate. A world class establishment all the way around!
5	My husband and I enjoyed Valentine's Day dinner here Friday night.  Everything was great from the service to the food.  I also iike that Donovan's doesn't seem to be as loud as other steakhouses.  I have to say that one of the great things about this restaurant is that it is consistent, even on holidays.
5	Phone voice:  "Are we celebrating any special occasion this evening?"Me: "Uh, yeah. We're both still alive and haven't killed one another after all these years."Phone voice:  [cute giggle]  Ok, we'll see you both at seven, byeee."Service, ambiance and food, the entirety of this event was perfection. But the best part, the coup de gras was our server delivering a dessert neither of us had ordered.Atop this lovely bowl of creme brulee were beautiful, bright red sliced strawberries and a lone candle, shimmering with light against the darkened enclave where we sat.Puzzled, and before we could indicate we hadn't ordered dessert....Server: "We here at Donovan's are totally glad you two are still alive"Fun night.Right up to the point where I had to explain why Donovan's staff brought us a free dessert.Thanks Donovan's, I think?
5	Phoenix Steakhouses we've been to: Houstons, Durant's, the Capitol Grill and now Donovan's. Donovan's has the best overall package. Durant's has a kind of interesting old school atmosphere and decent service but the food is poor. Capitol Grill has a real high end feel to it, great service and the prices to go with it. But their food is mediocre. Especially for the price. Houston's is a steakhouse but not white table cloth and has a different thing going on. But it's always a good meal. Donovan's is solid white table cloth fine dining steak house all around. Excellent service. Truly excellent. Great wine list (with half bottles!), and the food.... was worth the price! Amazing. We started with the seafood appetizer. OMG. Lobster, shrimp and oysters with three different sauces to choose from. The steaks were perfect. One of our party had the tuna steak and it also was perfect. If you're looking for the whole package and wanting the food and experience to be worth the price... Donovans is it.
2	Meat, a filet and a rack of lamb, were correct temp and seasoning but undistinguished. A few snow peas and a small carrot don't count as a vegetable in my book. The potato dish would not measure up to a real Lyonnaise.  Mine seemed soggy and bland. I did not care much for their decaf and the half bottle of some Russian River pinot was insipid at $38. Overall: Maybe ok at half the price.  At 172 including tip, not so much.
4	I get to go here about once a month for educational dinners.  I have never paid so don't ask about pricing.  I have had their filet mignon which is pretty good, calamari which is ok, scallops which aren't really my thing, sour dough bread which was fantastic, amazing stuffed mushrooms.  The vegetables are perfectly cooked and the mashed potatoes are great.  At the end we get the chocolate mousse cake that really ends the night well.  I have enjoyed every meal I have eaten there.
5	Excellent service   Very attentive.   The variety of selections were very extensive.   The quality of the beef was as described    A must when in the area.   Great wine selection
3	Had a work function there last night so the menu was limited.  Service was excellent and discreet during our dinner.  The food however was rather mediocre.  The ceasar salad was uninspiring.  My filet was cooked to medium but lacked flavor--since we were a group I was wondering if they had precooked to rare and then finished them--the mashed potatoes were pretty good--but the vegetable was an undercooked carrot and some snow peas.  Not sure I would be running back anytime soon but willing to give it another go during restaurant week.
3	Wasn't that impressed. It's expensive and the side dishes weren't that good. The fillet was great and dessert was delicious.
4	Great service and great food. Everything was cooked appropriately, as promised. I'd definitely go back to Donovan's. I'd give it 5 stars if I felt that I got great value for what I paid but like most steak houses you have to figure on a big bill even when you go for the smallest steak on the menu.
5	Do you like Mortons or Sullivans? If yes, you are gonna love Donovans. I first ate at their La Jolla CA location. Fell in love with the food, ambience, and exceptional bar scene. I can cook a steak... just not as well as Donovans!
3	I only went to Donovan's for a manufacturer dinner.  The food was okay, but nothing to write home about.  Everything was meat-heavy, which is to be expected of a steak house, but it left something to be desired for someone who eats vegan the majority of the time.  Good meeting space, nice house wine, and an averagely cooked piece of salmon -- no true vegetarian options were presented!  I won't be back!
5	My wife and I come here every year for our anniversary (literally every year we have been married). The service is exceptional and the food quality is top-notch. Furthermore, the happy hour is one of the best in the Valley. In addition to excellent drinks, they offer free prime filet steak sandwiches. I highly recommend this place for celebrations or a nice dinner out.
5	A really great experience at Donovan's last night! From bread to bacon wrapped scallops, prime ribeye to Alaskan king crab, the food is a ten out of ten. It's worth mentioning that the service at Donovan's is a cut above. The staff has always added to the experience and last night was no exception.
1	Came at 10p with the intention of having dinner. On yelp it says opened until 11p. Met by the hostess who says they close at 10p. Sorry. Curt and feigned apathy are not my taste. I was looking for a place to bring my grandmother for her 85th birthday but will reconsider for a more delightful reception from a hostess that genuinely cares about what is advertised. My money will be better spent elsewhere.
5	We ate here on Saturday and everything was amazing.  Tina and Raul  did a great job from start to finish, the filets were cooked to perfection and just melt in your mouth. The manager stopped by to see if everything was good which was a nice touch. I can't wait to come here again!! Best steak in town!!
5	One of the best meals in the Valley of the Sun, maybe the best. We haven't been often but our experiences have been great. (If you don't like red meat or you accept the advice of a professional not to consume red meat you might as well stop reading). It has great steaks. I have had ribeye and Kansas City bone-in cuts. Both were great steaks, cooked perfectly. Wife and one friend had veal chop and both were happy with it.  Meals come with potatoes and there are good choices. We didn't bother with appetizers but all of us had salads. My tomato and onion salad with blue cheese dressing was pretty good. The onion was hot so I didn't finish it.  My wife said the beet salad was ok but she wouldn't get it again. One friend had the chopped salad and said it was great. Fresh carrot and snow pea sides were good but not important to me. I skipped dessert but wife and had a brownie and a friend had an Oreo ice cream sundae and both liked them. The wine list is expensive but I found a very nice Australian Shiraz for $60 which is cheap on the wine list. Everyone loved it.  The martinis are great.  Which brings me to price: it is expensive. I don't flinch when prices are high but this is definitely a "special occasion" place.  I like it a lot. Be prepared for "sticker shock". It is worth it.
3	The food is good but not earth-shattering for the price. There's better quality food in Phoenix for the same price range. I really enjoyed the ambiance. The service was excellent at the beginning but then sadly fizzled out.
5	We were pleasantly surprised !! The service was excellent as was the food ! We felt that it  was worth every penny spent . My husband had the fillet mignon with bacon wrapped scallops and I had the chilean sea bass, we had oysters rockafeller for an appetizer they were cooked to perfection we will definitely be going back !! Jay was an excellent waiter!!
5	Went to Donovan's for AZ restaurant week. My three course meal started out with lobster bisque as the appetizer. It was extremely tasty with lobster bits. My entree was two 4 oz medallion steaks with crab cake on top. I have to say this is the best steak I've ever tasted, it was savory and melts in my mouth like butter. My last course was a chocolate mousse cake. My date and I had our first bite and felt like we died and went to heaven. I definitely recommend Donovan's to everybody. The atmosphere is amazing, the service is excellent, and the food is heavenly.
4	Had a living social coupon for Donovan's tonight. When we walked in the place was very dark and had a musty odor to it. Our first impression was what the hell? As our waitress, Sarah F., became familiar with us she offered a special wine that was mid priced but limited in offering. It was incredible. Next the food, very good and very appropriate serving sizes. But I got to tell you that I would have gladly had a serving of oysters and two bottles of that wine. (Random Ridge) Wow! Besides the atmosphere, this would have been easily a 5 star evening.
3	Food: I came here for a sponsored dinner which provided salad, calamari, your choice of entree, lobster tail, and your choice of dessert. - Standard salad: chopped mixed greens and tomatoes. Nothing fancy. - Calamari: the outside was crunchy, the inside was tender. I liked the sauce it came with, too. - Pork chop with a cherry glaze with a side of mashed potatoes and asparagus. Okay, so this piece of pork chop was HUGE! It must have been a little more than 2 inches thick and 6 inches wide. AKA too meaty for me, but some of you may like that. It was slightly undercooked as I got closer to the middle. The glaze was lacking in flavor and quantity.  I had a little over a third of it. The mashed potatoes was nothing special. The asparagus was a little too raw for me. - Lobster tail: pre-cut in perfect bite-size pieces. Delicious dipped in melted butter. - New York Cheesecake: your standard cheesecake garnished with mint and raspberry. The cheesecake could have been more moist. Every piece I scooped crumbled. Service: Fast, friendly, professional. Final thoughts: If I ever come back here it would be for another salad and entree. The only things I really enjoyed were the calamari and lobster tail. I was not impressed with them at all.
4	We went because we liked the wine list. The service was excellent. The place was perfect for a working dinner. Our chief complaint though is that the steaks were dry. It was overall good, but I expected a little more on the food front. That being said, it's a good restaurant with a nice ambience.
5	My wife and I went for the first time Saturday night and we were both very impressed. I had a filet & lobster tail special, and my wife had the filet and scampi. Both meals were excellent. The steaks are USDA Prime, the best you can get, wet aged in house. The wait staff was delightful (especially Jay) and the atmosphere was what you would expect from a top tier steak house: dim lit, dark wood and understated elegance. I really appreciated that the steak dishes come with two sides, unlike the ala carte menus of other high end steak places. I also appreciated the complimentary valet parking and bottled water they bring to the table. We had an $80 Livingsocial coupon (that I bought for $40) that helped take the edge off of the bill. We will be going back to Donovans!
5	We dined at Donovan's 9/3 and had a marvelous time, our food was cooked to perfection, tender and juicy, finally a meal worth talking about!  The Waite staff was exceptional and made the evening perfect!  Thank you Donovan's:)
5	How have I never heard of how amazing Donavan's Steakhouse is?!?!  My husband took me there for a date night and it was perfect.  The food was perfection.  I had the Filet and Lobster.  Best steak I have had in a long time.  My husband had the Ribeye.  Sara, our waitress was very helpful, personable and attentive!  We mentioned that we were celebrating my husbands promotion to VP.  She brought us a celebration dessert on the house.  This is our new special place.
5	Had a wonderful experience here last night for restaurant week. Had the filet... Which was amazing and cooked perfectly with their yummy mashed potatoes and veggies. The bottle of red wine they offered for an additional $20 paired perfectly with the dinner. The staff were extremely friendly and attentive. Can't wait to go back!
3	Donovan's has been on my list of must-try steakhouse in the valley for a while, and finally here I am! Maybe because it has been on my list for quite a long time, my expectation has risen higher than that I should? My overall first experience was not all that impressed. A few things to mention:1) Compliment valet2) Seafood tower was a good try if you like raw oysters and cooked shrimps, lobsters and king crab legs that are served ice cold. 3) Steaks were cooked at the right temperature, though the accompanied bacon wrapped scallops with my steak were not so great. Generally you can't really go wrong with bacon, but this time, bacon and scallops were a bit odd, didn't taste so right, and not to mention the scallops were slightly undercooked.4) The place was dark, and noisy level is on the high side.5) Great and attentive services!
3	I went to Donovan's for the first time last week with my husband using a Living Social voucher.  I was very excited to have amazing prime beef steak. I was a little disappointed.  We ordered shrimp cocktail which was perfect. They were huge and yummy. My roasted beet salad was very good, but drowning in dressing which I asked for on the side, but the kitchen messed up on that. My husband's wedge salad was very good, but also overloaded on dressing. I ordered my filet med rare, yet only the center core was cooked properly, the outside was medium. I was a little disappointed with that. The broccoli and baby carrots were only slightly cooked, so very very crunchy still. Husband's rib eye was cooked perfectly. Although I have to say, the steaks are blandly seasoned. The cappuccino was perfect. I want to say that I did bring up the salad mess up to the waiter, and he offered to bring me a new salad right away,  but I declined as I don't like to waste food. As for the steak, I didn't complain because I just couldn't bring myself to waste a whole steak like that. I wouldn't normally return after this experience,  but this restaurant has a wonderful waiter named Shane, who really tried to make up for my experience.  He loves his job, and was so kind and enthusiastic about Donovan's restaurant that I think I would give this place another try. Donovan's is fortunate to employ a server like Shane. His attitude and service will bring customers back. Next time I will try the Chilean sea bass or the Halibut! ;)
1	Most disappointing dinner I've had in years.  Was excited to go to Donovan's for the first time tonight and now question how they got a reputation for being so good.  Ordered a medium rare filet and scallops wrapped in bacon with a baked potato and broccoli.  The steak came over cooked and room temperature.  When notified, The waitress offered to bring me another.  Second time around  the meat was cooked correctly but the baked potato was then undercooked and the broccoli was replaced with snow peas.  The service was well meaning but so unprofessional and not appropriate for a restaurant of this category.  When the manager came by to apologize, he showed the same professionalism complaining how busy they were, how he did not have control over the kitchen and how rough life is in general.  Way too much information, thank you very much.  Needless to say, I'll never go back.
3	So I had real high hopes for this place.  My cousins were in town and they wanted to go here because they had been to the two other locations in San Diego.  Service was impeccable. Really top notch. Food was really good!  But really for the money I expected it to be phenomenal! I guess you pay for the service.  But should be more about the food.  I am not saying it wasn't good.  It was really good.  I had the peppercorn steak.  Very good steak! I should ordered it medium instead of med rare, but still a good steak.  It was just a forgettable meal, food-wise, hence the three stars with being on the cusp of 4 stars.  5 star service, 3 star food.  So maybe 4 stars but I weight the food more...so 3 stars.  I am glad I was able to experience it.  But don't think I'd want to drop over 100 bucks for dinner if the food doesn't make me want think if I had a last meal, this place would be it.
5	We hosted a birthday dinner here.   Service was top notch.  We had a primary waiter and his assistant.  They were brilliant.  What I loved about them most of all is once they found out we were US Army Veterans who had served in Afghanistan and Iraq, they gave us a $50 credit.  How wonderful is that?  They thanked us for our service.  Remarkable.  Always will go back, forever.
1	Went there last night for my first time and food was not that great, I have had better filet mignon. But that is not the reason why I am writing this review. We arrived and the hostess had asked my date to remove his hat which I could understand being a nice restaurant and all. After we had completed our dinner and waiting for the check to come, we see a large group seated and most of them were wearing hats, and t-shirts. Now, I am not one to complain about the food or service but if I am paying good $$$$ to eat at this so called nice place, I would accept the same rules apply to all customers. I had expressed my dissatisfaction to our lovely waitress but the manager came by and said sorry like it was no big deal. Regardless of why we were treated differently, If I am going to fork up $200 to eat at a nice restaurant I expect respect, great service and great food. I can say, I will never dine at Donovan's ever again and would give Hillstone my business. Way better service at Hillstone and better food.
5	My wife and I are big fans of Donovans.  Exceptional food and excellent service. We have had the New York steak, ribeye, and the seafood tower...WOW. Love going there for happy hour where we enjoy the steak skewers, calamari, and CEO martinis.  Be sure to see Katy and Ken in the bar - they will take great care of you.
5	From the moment my friends and I drove up to the restaurant, I knew I was in for a treat.  I feel so welcomed at the restaurant. I was very impressed with the food and the service.  I ordered a ribeye steak and that was the best steak I have had in a very long time.While the prices are a little steep, you do get what you pay for and I will be back!! I love Donovan's.
3	I've eaten here on a couple of occasions and I was underwhelmed.  The first time I had the chicken, which I found to be a little dry and lacking in flavor and the sides were also a bit bland.  I decided .... Well it is a steakhouse so the next time I had the petite filet and the recommended sides.  The steak was good but not great and the sides really weren't interesting or comforting.  Considering the prices, the fact that there is nothing special about the meat, and the attitude I have a higher expectation that they simply couldn't meet. They really should do a better job with the food and the wine knowledge.
3	This is the second time I've been here and I REALLY  wanted to give it  five stars but I just don't feel the whole in my husband's pocket was worth the food we got. The food was good don't get me wrong but definitely not $235 for two people good, and one of us wasn't even drinking! I thought the pork chops were sub par, I asked for med well and it was well done. The lobster tail was nice and sweet though. The ambience is nice, lovely and cozy. I appreciate attentive servers but this was a little much...you have a few different waiters and they come fill your water after a sip is gone, kind of annoying. Bottom line, we probably won't come back unless they knock their prices down a bit. If we want fancy food we will go to Dominicks or Flemings, same quality but way less money!
5	Started with HH .  They serve french dip sandwiches gratis for HH patrons which is awesome !  Steaks were cooked to perfection . We had a peppercorn sauce which I didn't use much of cause the meat quality was top notch.
5	What an amazing meal and dinning experience... superior service and presentation of detail.
2	I have been here twice and both times was left expecting more for the price. First time I went was for restaurant week earlier this year. Both ordered the filet mignon and it was amazing. We had both asked when we originally placed our orders for dessert wanted the creme Brule. Right at desert time excited for the creme Brule we are told that they ran out and nite have the choice between the chocolate mousse our cheesecake. I got the cheesecake, don't it as not good. The chocolate desert yummy. They do have good service but o feel it's s waste to have 3 people working a table.Second tube I came here was not impressed and did not leave happy. I brought my mom here for her birthday. She ordered the pork chop and it was absolutely awful, dry and super tough. She sent it back and originally told them she was fine and didn't want anything else. The manager came out and kept asking her are you don't want anything are you sure pushing other items on the menu. Not good service. So finally my mom was like ok I'll take the filet mignon. She thought it was ok, and took the woke steak home minus the one bite she had. She did get a free desert, creme Brule, for her birthday. The bill came and they removed the pork chop $35 but charged for the steak $50. Now I know why they desperately were pushing for her to order a different item so they could charge for something. Then harassed her till she ordered something that she didn't really want. I took my mom out for a nice birthday dinner and they tried to ruin it. I'll never go back. For the price and small portions their food quality should be excellent. The way the staff handled this was unacceptable.
3	Went there to celebrate with a client. Was not worried about price as long as we got great service/food. Service was good but not over the top. My client ordered the bone in rib-eye and he was not happy with the way it was cooked. Sent it back and he was only slightly more happy. I wanted to do the wow factor here and unfortunately, it did not happen. Food and service were good, but not over the top that at this price level I was hoping for.
3	Service was ok, food was ok... nothing spectacular...
1	Horrible service for a very expensive steak. If your looking for a fine dining steak house this is not the place the place to go. Nobody wants there $70 steak to be butterflied our waiter was very hard to find when we needed him and never checked on us. Next time I will stick to Mastros   At Donovan's you do not get what you pay for!
3	While I  knew that I wasn't going to get out cheaply,  I wanted to take my beautiful Janet somewhere special for New Year's Eve.   Because I had waited too long to make reservations my options were limited,  and there were no openings at my favorite downtown steak restaurant I took a chance on Donovan's. My girl had the 8 ounce filet mignon and I had the 10 ounce.  Both were done expertly and were perfect. The rest of the meal -- well everything costs extra other than the one round loaf of bread, the lump of mashed potatoes and the 8 green beans and one carrot that were to serve as vegetables.  Salad?  $12.00.  I'm glad that I just had water,  because any more drinks would no doubt have made the cost of the meal even more daunting.  The atmosphere was wonderful,  the wait staff attentive. Go there for the steak and the ambience,  but expect to pay dearly for those.   $200 out the door with a tip, and I'm sure they thought I was a piker.  I will probably be returning to my primary downtown steakhouse from now on.  My wallet hurts a bit after last night.
2	The service was very poor. We waited at our table for over 20 minutes before anyone even acknowledged us. Me and my wife both ordered filets and even though the texture and the coking time was good, the steak lacked any flavor. If your looking for an expensive steak house, stick with Fleming's or Ruth Chris's. We won't be back
3	Went here for New Years Eve and all I can say is... Eh. My boyfriend and our friends love to try all the different steakhouses around the valley and had chosen Donovan's to ring in 2015. I had looked up their menu online and was SO EXCITED to try their creamed corn and key lime pie and was incredibly disappointed upon arrival. They had a limited menu for the occasion which did not include those two desired items above. When my boyfriend asked if we could still order those, our sever (very rudely I might add) replied no. Total bummer! My friend was not a fan of the vegetables of the evening so asked if she could substitute them for asparagus. She was told it would not be a problem, but when the meals came they had charged her for an additional side of asparagus instead. Not that big of a deal but it would have been nice if it was explained that way instead of making it sound like it would just be replaced. The steak was cooked exactly how I asked for which is always nice, but other than that nothing special. All the other steakhouses serve up steak on a piping hot (literally 500 degree) plate and this plate was cold which on return cools the steak quicker... Minus a star. The atmosphere was still decorated for Christmas which was beautiful and definitely helped to brighten up what kinda seemed like too dim of lighting. It was good, but not great. Considering all the other steakhouse options in the Phoenix area, this one is a pass.
