3	Great addition to NODA.  The menu is lovely...not just crepes!  I had the sweet potato gnocci which were pretty good.  (much more doughy than expected, and not hot enough, but good).  My favorite is the brie and pesto fries...Trashy and classy all together, I love it!  The service was friendly and quick, clientele hip and attractive, and the space was fun and well designed.  I am planning on many a late night of crepes and champagne...!
3	Decor - Dining room is Great, but with kitchen a bit too open and seeing the jars of Sysco stuff is not a great visualFood - Okay to Great  The oyster app was fantastic!  Props for those.                                          If your whole name is based on crepes, well those things better knock your socks off---they didn't.  Bland and nothing really of note that would make me say I want to come back again for those.   Since people will inevitably get those on their first whirl there, they stand to lose future return customers and referrals.  I'd advise to work on those and quick.  The burger was so freakin' good, though.  Very savory and I would come back for that.  Price - Good.
4	Pretty big fan of this place - been there a few times and they have great fries, awesome crepes, and general yummy-ness. The desserts look awesome (though I'm always too full), and the staff is very friendly about making substitutions.  Only thing that is a bit bothersome is that it gets really-really loud in there if the restaurant is full and the bar is crowded --- feels like there are a lot more people in there than there really are, plus with music playing it's a bit overwhelming.
4	Overall, great food and great atmosphere!  The minute I drove by and saw the word crepe, I had been dying to go, so I finally dragged my boyfriend.  I wasn't expecting him to enjoy it since he's more of a "meat and potatoes" kind of guy.  He ended up fending well for himself with their tuna seafood special which was to die for.  I on the other hand, stuck with the crepes.  The ham and gruyere crepe was everything I expected and hit the spot.   Just understand that you are getting exactly what you ordered, ham and cheese so don't set your expectations too high.  For being a busy night, we got our food remarkably fast.  The desserts are where it is at when you come here.  We both got the nutella crepes and they were by far our favorite part.  The fruit was fresh and ripe and was a perfect end to a good meal.  My only warning, this place is very small, only 12 or so tables and a small bar, so be aware that if you go during peak hours, you are going to have a pretty good wait.
5	This is my new favorite restaurant in Charlotte.  I've been a couple times and find myself craving Crepe Cellar daily. The atmosphere and the people are great!  Like Ashley V. said, it is a small restaurant so on any night of the week you could find yourself waiting a while for a table.  But it is SO worth it! The Food:  I had the daily seafood special.  It was a seared tuna steak crusted with some delicious seasonings that I can't recall (cumin could have been one).  It was cooked to perfection!  Nice and crunchy on the outside and red on the inside but still warm.  It flaked apart perfectly!  No knife needed.  And it was a big portion of tuna too - nothing wimpy.  The tuna was sitting on a bed of delicious flavorful risotto.  The plate was topped with 3 asparagus spears and surrounded with ponzu sauce that was soooo good!For dessert, it was hard to make a decision between the strawberry/nutella crepe and the banana fosters crepe.  I went banana fosters.. The crepe was filled with the delicious rum butter sauce and covered with more of the sauce and cooked bananas.  There was a pretty good sized amount of whipped cream off to the side too.  It was warm, melty and buttery -- I loved every bite of it. My bill came out to be $34.00 but that included 2-$4 beers.Crepe = $7 (one of the more expensive ones)  They range in price from $4-8 depending on add ons like ice cream and extra fruit.The special was $17 by far the most expensive thing there.  Regular menu items are about $7-10.  Overall: What are you doing still reading this?  You should be at Crepe Cellar right now!  Unless it's Monday - that's the one day they are closed.
2	I went when they first opened and did not like it. i had a crepe with spinach and goat cheese it was super bland and not good. we also had the mussels and they were just ok. I will say that there sandwiches looked great and if I find myself over there I will try it again
5	Now that the place has been open for a while, they must have improved a lot bc these other reviews do no justice. The food is great. Love the roasted chicken and pumpkin gnocchi. The burger is better than Big Daddy's. Service is great and personal. Great date spot.
3	I wavered between two and three stars - I gave it a three because I like the atmosphere and it is a fun place to go if you are going out in NoDa afterwards.  The food was VERY heavy.  The crepes were not great, but not bad. Pumpkin Gnocchi was doughy and not very flavorful.   My friend reported that the mac and cheese side was barely edible and did not have enough cheese.  I had a side of brussels sprouts that was very tasty.  Wine selection was nice. God, the desserts are ENORMOUS.  Maybe they gave us a bigger portion so that we could share (there were six of us) but the brownie, wrapped in a crepe, covered with Nutella, was easily two days' worth of calories. Despite the food being just okay, I do plan to go back and try it again.
4	Are you going to throw tomatoes at me for not having crepes at Crepe Cellar?  I couldn't help it, I wasn't in the mood and there were plenty of other options on the menu.We started off with a French press of coffee.  Gotta love the French press, and they give you handy dandy timers so you can steep your coffee for light, medium or bold.  Great coffee, but it comes with a price tag of $5.  Man, I could of had a V8 (with vodka, of course.)We  ordered an endive salad with goat cheese, candid walnuts and apples.  It was yummalicious.  It had a tangy citrus vinaigrette, it look like there wasn't enough on the salad, but it tasted perfect.   We also ordered a side of brussel sprouts, mussels and  fries.If you think you don't like brussel sprouts or haven't had them since you were a kid, you HAVE to try them, they are swimming in olive oil and flash fried, they are like little bites of heaven.  Now if you don't like them at Crepe Cellar, let it go, cause you don't like them.The mussels were ok, shellfish weirds me out in restaurants, you never know how fresh they are.  The fries came out hot, YIPPEE!!! Our bill was $40 with no booze.  So, it isn't cheap.They have sweet and savory crepes on the menu, the sweet crepes that caught my eye were butter & sugar and nutella & bananas, there were a couple more, but Tasty Yo next door was calling my name and you know what they were saying......Tasty Yo Ho!!Crepe Cellar is a great casual neighborhood restaurant, it reminded me of a restaurant in Primrose Park in London.  well worth the trek to NODA!
3	It has taken time, but Crepe Cellar is maturing. At first the crepe list was overwhelming but now they have a modified menu and serve lots of great local ingredients. When not crowded, this is an enjoyable spot for good conversation and a glass of wine. The staff is very nice and the restaurant is a great addition to NoDa.
3	The food here was just okay. Their french press coffee is amazingggg. Now on to there crepes. The crepe seems to be a little bit soggy, and well just isn't much of a filling in there. You can taste more of the crepe, rather than their filling on the inside. I got the Queen City Crepe, and well it just leaves a little bit of a disappointment. My date ordered the french toast, and it just tasted very plain. It probably could've used alittle more batter. I also ordered the Brownie a Blanket Sundae. The brownie was a bit dry, the nutelle was yummy. You can never go wrong with the nutella. I do have to say it was definitely packed in there but I guess it's the local NODA residents that are faithful. But I do think, there can definitely be some improvement. For brunch, I would say Pewter Rose or Pike's Soda Shop really hits the spot.
5	We were visiting from Chicago and decided to check this place out.The buffalo oysters were awesome!  We also enjoyed the brie and pesto fries and of course the crepes.  We shared the nutella and strawberry crepe for dessert and we all loved it.definitely worth checking out.
4	YUM YUM YUM! Went there for dessert after stuffing our faces across the street at Cabo Fish Taco.  We got a table right away with a lovely waitress.  Since it is so small I imagine that the only reason we were able to sit right away was due to the snowy weather.  But that was great for us!My co-diners and I decided to share two dessert crepes - Nutella and Bananas and Brownie in a Blanket.  Both were delicious however the brownie crepe was the winner simply because it included nutella, ice cream and whipped cream.  I would recommend the Crepe Cellar for a dessert destination!
3	We strolled past the Crepe Cellar during a gallery crawl and figured we would have to come back by.  During a crawl the place is packed.  Really packed.  As in you almost can't get through the door.Come by on another night - say a random Thursday - and they are just about empty.  So that could seriously change your opinion of the experience.The vibe of the Cellar is odd.  It's a darkened room that can't quite seem to decide if they want to be a funky dessert place, a bar or a sports bar (tvs on the walls).  I really don't have any idea, even after going in and staying for a bit.  We just had a dessert crepe.Service was spotty, but decent.  It took a while to get the glasses refilled, but the never really got to empty, so I can't complain too much.  The crepe itself was tasty but probably didn't justify the price.
4	The Crepe Cellar feels plucked off a street in Paris. It's a fabulous neighborhood bistro with great, well-priced food. The atmosphere strikes that right balance between quality and casual. It's always busy, the staff are always friendly and everything is really, really tasty.
4	One of the best additions to the NoDa neighborhood over the last year or so.If you are going the crepe route for dining, hit up the Queen City.  If you are going for dessert, you cannot go wrong with the brownie concoction.The menu is also delicious well beyond the crepe realm.  The steak and Guiness stew with the insanely good mac and cheese will hit the spot.  For lighter fare, I recommend the pesto chicken french bread pizza.The beer selection (especially on tap) is always evolving and refreshing no matter what your taste.The wait staff and bartenders are friendly and fun.
4	Crepe Cellar- Take Two.  We went out last night on a Tuesday 948p night wanting to find a restaurant that served food till 11p, Crepe Cellar was open and our server was pleasant.  We had brussel sprouts, pasta with roasted red peppers & goat cheese and a spinach mushroom crepe.  Everything was delish.  Good to know for a school night.  Have I mentioned how spectacular the brussel sprouts are?  OMG.
4	Good stuff.... great addition to NoDa. Good food but fantastic atmosphere. No where to wait ... and you can't have a drink on the sidewalk, but after your name hits top of the list, you will enjoy sitting down in a community of other relaxed friends and having good wine and grub.
5	Crepe Cellar is, by far, one of the best restaurants in Charlotte. Their dinner is great, but the gem is their brunch. The prices are fair, the service is great, and the food is amazing. The only problem with the restaurant is the size, so prepare to wait for a table (on popular nights). It is worth it.
4	The illusory 'working lunch' brought us here today not for crepes, but for burgers, which our hostess promised were the best in Charlotte. While work was hard to complete, enjoyment of delicious gourmet burgers and nutella-stuffed dessert crepes was easy.Pros-Burger - I consider myself fairly experience in this department (especially recently, with 4 in the last week alone) but this was delicious. A little unorthodox with gruyere, fried onions and pickles it was daring and perfectly cooked. As an out of towner, I ordered medium-rare in a medium-only town, but still got what I wanted.-Crepe dessert - nutella, banana, soft fluffy dough. Easy win.-Our waitress heroically cut the check into 6 separates and processed 5 cards.Cons-Uneven service. Entrees were brought out in two waves which left that awkward 5 minutes or so for those early recipients, during which the other 3 of us had to make the obligatory command to 'please eat,' even though everyone knows it's rude to eat in front of hungry people.-Cold fries on the first wave of entrees also earns them a few demerits.
5	We were in town from Houston, TX for a wedding and decided to look up a lunch spot on Yelp and ended up at the Crepe Cellar.  Thank you yelpers because we LOVED this place.Everything from the decor to the dessert was terrific.I started with their house blend French press coffee - so good.  My husband is a connoisseur of iced teas and I think this place topped his list.My husband had a crepe with mushrooms, goat cheese and caramelized scallions and I had one with roasted chicken, bacon, cheddar cheese and drizzled with a roasted tomato cream.  Both were excellent.  My side salad was also great, and we both loved his hand cut french fries. But, I didn't finish my meal - because I decided to save room for dessert - we shared a Suzette crepe, which was gone in probably 30 seconds, both of us fighting for bites of the sauce and vanilla bean ice cream on top.If we lived in the area we'd be back.  Wish they'd open a spot like this in Houston!
4	Met some friends for lunch when headed from Atlanta to Raleigh for the weekend.  They live in NoDa and picked out the place.  It's cozy spot with dark wood, specials on the chalk board, an interesting beverage list, and a small but varied menu.  I opted for the crepe special, with broccolini.  The crepe was yummy - filling but not overly so.  It was a nice break from the usual salads and sandwiches that I eat for lunch.Anyway, there are 2 reasons this place gets the extra star that says I'm a fan - service and soundtrack.  The people were really friendly, gave good suggestions, and very patient with us.  As for the soundtrack, I don't remember the individual songs, but I remember them all being ones that I love and that fall into that category of upbeat in a relaxing way.All in all, definitely a great lunch spot.
2	So after a string of realy good meals in Charlotte lately, I was significantly underwhelmed  by a Saturday night meal at Crepe Cellar. Underwhelmed is probably too nice...because it wasn't for the stellar fried cod...the place sucked. Five dishes - French Onion Soup, sauteed garlic shrimp, house salad (mixed greens with crostini and red wine vinagrette), fish and chips and shrimp and grits. French Onion soup...this was like dishwater except dishwater has more flavor...theme for the night was "we don't care if we flavor our food). How do you mess this old school classic up? You can even use beef bouillon cubes and throw some decent gruyere and crostini in and salvage it...I have never had to salt, salt and salt my French Onion Soup...they need to learn a lesson from Captial Grille or Lulu in this department...not off to good start. Sauteed shrimp...this was supposed to be like the Cajun Queen version...except Cajun Queen knows how to do bbq shrimp...granted there's is over the top with garlic and butter, but isn't that what you expect from this type of dish? Once again my dad (who, keep in mind, is 75 and usually eats at places like Pier 51 at 5:30PM with my mom...and considers Dragonfly a fancy place) and I are both searching for the salt shaker...for "New Orleans" bbq shrimp!!!! You know when you can look at a shrimp and see that it's best days were probably 3 months ago when they froze it??? They were decent size sauteed shrimp at one time, but freezer burn and time took their toll...at least I could tell they were pre-BP...probably Vietnamese tiger shrimp (2 for one Harris Teeter), but I digress. That's what these shrimp looked like - I was worried about the shimp being off more than I was them being flavorless...but they were a pretty good combination of both. The brothy goodness you would expect from this was basically a version of their French Onion soup broth/with UNSALTED butter. Then to add insult to injury, their bread was some Le Brea knock-off that wasn't even toasted to hide the staleness! House salad - mixed greens with red wine vinagrette...can we move on? How do you ruin a mixed green salad? I don't know...ask the chef at Crepe Cellar. Shrimp and Grits - I wasn't really excited about getting this after my bbq shrimp, but the waitress insisted this was the best thing on the menu (I give her the skunk-eye at this point...and thank her for another Jack and Diet). We ask for a larger salt shaker in anticipation...The shrimp were at least from a different batch than the sauteed boys...overdone - probably finished in the grits for too long. The tasso gravy needed salt. Let me pause for a wikpedia entry:  Tasso ham is a specialty of Cajun cuisine. It is a spicy, peppery version of smoked pork made from the shoulder butt. In this case, "ham" is a misnomer, since tasso is not made from the hind leg of a pig. This cut is typically fatty and, because the muscle is constantly used by the animal, has a great deal of flavor. The butt, which will weigh 7 to 8 pounds, is sliced across the grain into pieces about 3 in / 7.5 cm thick. These are dredged in a salt cure, which usually includes nitrates and sugar. The meat is left to cure briefly, only three or four hours, then rinsed, rubbed with a spice mixture containing Cayenne pepper and garlic, and hot-smoked until cooked through. Grits weren't good either, but I'm past that now... Fish and Chips...basically beer battered cod and curly fries...savior of the meal. Beautifully done piece of cod...flaky, flavorful and held it's texture nicely. Fried just right, not too airy, actually a little crisp with the batter...would agree w/ their menu assessment from Charlotte magazine saying it's the best...especially since they can't compare to Big Ben's anymore. Fries were like anywhere else's...at least the ketchup was salty. I guess I was just shocked based on other experiences/reviews on Yelp.Cheers!
4	Excellent pizza, not so crazy about the crepes (minus the dessert one with gnutella).  Hopping spot on the weekends, make sure you are not going on a gallery crawl night or be prepared for a 2+ hour wait.  Sadly no reservations.  Good beer list and service.
4	I have yet to eat something at the Crepe Cellar that I don't love. I love their breakfast crepes, lunch crepes and dessert crepes. YUM. In addition to the delicious food for which the restaurant is named, they also have a good selection of beer and wine and a full bar. The menu isn't extensive, but it's good. I highly recommend The Crepe Cellar for brunch, lunch or dinner. Good stuff.Quick tip: **The Crepe Cellar has the best French Press I've ever had. Try it.**
3	Checked out Crepe Cellar for lunch. Walked by many times at night during gallery crawls and it is always packed so I needed to see what all the fuss was about. OFFICIAL PBR JOINT. Had to try the crepes of course and ordered a chicken crepe, which came with Fries for $9. Good price and recommended by the server. Good & Bad...Good = flavor of the sauce; Bad = bites without sauce had little to no flavor (bland). And let's be honest, I wouldn't want to eat something bathed in sauce. That said; I didn't get a chance to try the dessert crepes, which I can only assume are the real treat of Crepe Cellar, so I'll be back for round two sometime soon. If for no other reason to have a PBR out of the can ;)
3	The Crepe Cellar is a precious little creperie squeezed into adorable NoDa. I've been meaning to get over here for a dessert crepe, but every time I hit it up during a gallery crawl it's SLAMMED! So, I stopped on by for a casual, late lunch and had pretty much the entire place to myself.Our server was laid back and friendly and provided some helpful feedback. The lunch menu was a bit limited and I wasn't fancying a meat stuffed crepe, so I went with their gnocchi dish. As the server described it, it's a light gnocchi dish with a tangy broth. Yes, it was a light dish but I should haven't known better than to order gnocchi from a creperie. Their specialty is their crepes, durr. The gnocchi was fine, but I've had far better. The overcooked pasta was more like dumplings than firm little potato balls of love. The flavor of the broth, however, was pretty tasty. It was indeed light and nice for a summer afternoon. Will I come back? Sure...because I've been thinking about their dessert crepes for a long, long time. Nutella is good with everything and I plan to take it down next time I'm in the area and craving the sweet stuff.
3	I had been to Crepe Cellar for breakfast and can vouch for their coffee. Tonight we decided to check it out for dinner. I got the special seared tuna. It's very salty. It comes with yummy goodness sweet potato (most likely it's drown in honey) and a little green beans (oh what make a plate seem healthy with green glazed in butter). In conclusion the plate was a ok.We also ordered banana strawberry crepe for dessert. It comes with nutella and powdered sugar ladies and gents! Oooohh I so would run four miles just to get them again. Yea... I probably need about 20 miles run to burn the calories but if you can afford it... GET IT! :)Just remember when you're there... the place is LOUD! Yea if you're trying to know your date, trust me the table next to you would know your date also by the end of the night.
3	My friend's cousin took us to this place as she'd heard a lot about it. I never say no to crepes, so in we went. It was an interesting vibe, good concept, not too full in the late afternoon.Friend and I thought we could take advantage of happy hour deals but we were promptly told by the waitress that there is NO happy hour in all of North Carolina. What a travesty! We almost didn't believe her and then learned, you Charlotte-ians have worked your way around that problem. You just call them "specials" and offer them all day long (and I'm not sure how exactly this all day special is supposed to prevent binge drinking...) Whatever, as long as I get my $1 off that beer. Onto the food - I only sampled the crepes the other two gals had. One was a sausage and peppers with shallots, and the sausage was delicious, but there wasn't enough stuffing, and I wasn't a fan of the buckwheat crepe, it just doesn't taste good on its own. With more stuffing and flavor, this crepe would have been delish. The other crepe was the wild mushroom and spinach with caramelized shallots and goat cheese, so I was expecting a lot of great flavors. But it too fell short, it needed more salt and seasoning, and more stuffing. The slaw was decent, I prefer this vinegar slaw to the regular slaw.The beer was good, wish they had "specials" on the wine, and the service was ok, a little over-attentive, and then a little over-apologetic when we noted our "special" on the beer wasn't accounted for.
4	Let me tell you about Pesto Brie Fries- delectable ! I would go here in the future simply to scarf those suckers down because they are a real treat. Seriously go for just those alone!We also shared the sweet chili shrimp appetizer. My original thought was ew- just a tad too sweet- but the more I ate the better they tasted. While, I probably wouldn't get these again they weren't exactly bad either. We each had a glass of prosecco and a second of a house white- and the bill was moderately priced at about $50 (including tip) We skipped on dessert but I am hoping to check those out next time!The venue is Intimate and cozy- and the service is friendly. All around its a great place for a date or just to catch up with a friend..Id
3	I've been to Crepe Cellar about four or five times now, and unfortunately, all I can say for the place is that it's all over the map in terms of food quality and service.  I will say this: the bartender and waitstaff are consistently a pleasure to deal with.I've ordered the fish and chips twice.  The first time, it was pretty much spot-on.  The second time, the fish came out with somewhat soggy breading, and the fries (excuse me . . . the chips) underneath were balled up together in an oily mess.  Not impressive at all.On the other hand, I loved the burger I got there, and the mussels are always good.  The crepes are very tasty as well.Another thing I appreciate there are the "blasted brussels sprouts."  It sure takes all the healthiness out of the sprouts but man are they good.But then the last time we went, I ordered the tuna special and made a point of ordering it rare.  No problem, they said.  It comes rare by default.  When I got the tuna, it was well done, barely a bit of pink in part of it.  But what was worse was that they did not trim the tuna properly, so a good part of the tuna steak consisted of extremely dark red bloody flesh.  I'm not talking about good rare-red meat, but rather the "bloodline" flesh which is fishy, bitter, and unattractive and should always be trimmed before cooking (especially if you're presenting it to a patron of your restaurant).  I put the chunks of bloodline on the rim of the plate for the server to see, but he apparently didn't notice, and it was so damned crowded that night, the last thing I wanted to do was try to talk with them about the shortcomings of the dish.  The same night, we got the buffalo fried oysters, which turned out to be a soggy mistake.Also, still on the same night, we ordered a crepe suzette, but after waiting about 35 minutes for it, decided to cancel the order.  We then went next door to Growler's (a sister business of Crepe Cellar) and got our dessert fix.So, I don't know.  I think they really need to watch it with the quality control a the Cellar.  And if they're going to keep people waiting 35 minutes for dessert, maybe bring them a free drink or comp part of their order as a way of saying sorry.  As for the fish, I should have raised that issue on the spot.
5	Not something I regularly do, but I had such a good experience I wanted to share. We went out for a date at the Crepe Cellar in NoDa last night. It was a great atmosphere and we were having great time, but it seemed to be taking while for our main course to arrive. Our waitress came out and apologized that the kitchen had overcooked my steak and they were cooking me a new one and that she had talked to the manager and our entire meal and drinks were on the house. We were really surprised that they were so proactive and that they covered everything. They brought us out desert and kept offering free drinks/ coffee etc all on the house.And the food was AWESOME. Every dish was just great.So if you are looking for a great place for a date and are near NoDa I highly recommend it. Please share with friends
4	I had heard good things about the Crepe Cellar, so when a friend suggested it as a the location for group Sunday brunch my interests were piqued. Having passed by en route to other NoDa locations, I knew that seating was not particularly plentiful, but I was pleased when my roommate and I arrived first in our group (at 1:15) and were able to score a booth for six.  We ordered a french press of coffee to split (with the acknowledgment that we could always order another later) while we waited for the rest of our party. It was fresh, tasty and the timer they gave us to determine when the coffee was to our particular strength liking was both helpful and adorable, but there was no doubt we would be ordering seconds. I hate to admit it, but as a coffee fiend I would have sacrificed some on quality to add some quantity.One of our friends used to work at Crepe Cellar, and she ordered a plate of pesto brie fries for the table. I owe here thanks for this because they were delightful, particularly when paired with their tomato ranch which she asked for on the side. I had had a hankering for shrimp and grits all week, so I was pleased to see that they were on the specials board. The grits were creamy but not pasty, the shrimp were plentiful and the gravy was perfectly seasoned and tasted of white wine and hugs. One of our friends ordered the mussels special, which came with a lemongrass & sweet chili sauce and between she and her boyfriend, not a mussel escaped uneaten. Our ex-employee companion got the eggs benedict. The roomie opted for the Sausage & Egg Breakfast Crepe. The flavor from the sausage and red peppers really shone through and the homefries which accompanied were nice and crisp. Where the coffee lacked quantity, the food certainly didn't (particularly the crepes) and I was forced to abandon my last shrimp to the dish pan.It is hard to comment on the service since the waitress was friends with someone at our table so we were obviously well attended, but I did not get the impression that we would have been left wanting otherwise. The atmosphere was bright and perfectly suited for a Sunday brunch. Prices ran in the 8-13 dollar range for our main dishes, though be warned coffee will run you about 5 bucks.Overall, Crepe Cellar hit the spot and was a nice change of pace from our normal Sunday pancake routine.
4	Crepe Cellar is one of the reasons to love Charlotte.  They have one of my favorite chicken sandwiches in the black and blue po-boy, and my most recent guest finished a crepe apiece as the entree and the dessert.It is a small venue, but I personally have not had any issues with the consistent quality like Mike K.  If you haven't been, please consider it.
5	Went here for Sunday brunch.  Charming spot on the north side of Charlotte.  I went due to the Yelp reviews and wondered where the hell i was going during the drive up there thru strip mall hell and suburbia.  However, NoDa is this tiny little 2x2 blocks of stores and restaurants...almost what we hoped dilworth would be.The food was awesome.  French press coffee.  Smoked salmon and egg crepes, pesto/brie french fries.  My heart is still aching but my stomach was lovin' me.
4	I was definitely apprehensive about going here for lunch.  After all, crepes are for breakfast or dessert.  However, after reading some of the reviews I had to try it, well because I like food that is different.The decor/atmosphere was pretty casual.  The service was a bit slow despite the fact that there weren't that many people there.  However, the food was excellent!  I have been there a couple times now and had the Queen City crepe and the special with sausage/red pepper.  It was all very good. I also made a mistake of ordering a dessert wrap with the mistaken belief I would be able to eat that with lunch.  Well, I did eat it, it was excellent, and I suffered for the rest of the day.Overall, the only reason I knocked it down a star is because the service has been slow every time I have gone.  Otherwise, if you are looking for great food in NoDa, I would definitely recommend this place!
4	We came on a Sunday night, and there was a fair number of tables occupied.  The brussel sprout appetizer was excellent.  I had the steak and fries, which was cooked just right.  The nutella and banana crepe was good, but it was a little cold.  It was a good experience none the less.
4	Size/ambiance wise, this is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. Weird huh? It just reminds me of my favorite casual neighborhood restaurants/pubs in London, Chicago and San Francisco. The first time I went with a girlfriend it was a busy stormy night and we sat at the bar for dinner because we couldn't wait for a table. I ordered fish and chips because I had heard they were voted the best in Charlotte, which is kind of like being voted tallest of the Pygmies. Sorry blokes, the fish 'n chips in the Queen City would not make the Queen happy! So I was hopeful, but they disappointed. Unlike Mike K's experience, my fish wasn't soggy or spot on, mine was over fried and quite hard (3/5). I felt it was a bit over battered and then just left in too long. The chips were great tasting but some were quite greasy and soggy. I would love to go back and have both spot on. But I also had the marscapone & berries crepe which was a revelation (5/5). As great as the bananas foster crepe was, I still actually prefer the marscapone/berry crepe!The second time I went I ordered the spinach & wild mushroom +chicken savory crepe and we shared a bananas foster crepe (4/5). The savory crepe was 3.5/5 good but not the best I've ever had (and they pale in comparison to Cafe Monte's savory crepes).  My husband struggled to find an entree (he doesn't like savory crepes) but was healthy, so he went with a pork special, but be forewarned: DON'T GO IF YOU"RE ON A DIET! Service on food was great and patient (silly hub was in a picky mood) and bar service is slower.The last time we went, I got the steak and frites and hubby got the french onion soup and the Crepe Cellar burger complete with onion straws, gruyere and some nice seasoning. Best of all? You can order the burger the temperature you want (in theory) because they grind their own meat in house. I would give the burger 4.5/5 because it came out over done for how he ordered it, but the taste was great without being greasy. He really liked the bun too. French Onion soup was on the sweet side, not too much cheese and was very nice (5/5). My steak was prepared to the right temperature and was a good cut of meat but there was a lot of char on the outside which I had to cut away or accidentally eat and the red wine reduction lacked enough oomph to cover it up. (3/5) Maybe adding a dash of balsamic would have done the trick. Regardless, the frites were more evenly fried and the meal was lovely. Next time I will try mussels or fish special and H will try the baguette pizza.Bottom Line: Go for the sweet crepes. If they got more variety in the entrees in the "healthy" arena, we would be regulars.
4	My third visit was as equally pleasing as the first and second! This evening I enjoyed the chef's special of escolar encrusted with pignolias and thyme served over polenta with haricot vert in a balsamic reduction. Everything was perfectly prepared. The fish was warm, flavorful and tender, excellently seasoned without being overpowered by herbs. The polenta was soft and creamy while not to rich and the green beans crisp and bright. I paired this dish with one of the numerous excellent beers that they had on special that night. This was the first time that I ate at the bar and the bar staff is as friendly and attentive as the waitstaff. I have also sampled the buckwheat savory crepes. While the ingredients are excellent and savory, I think that the crepes could use less mixing a bit more time in the pan. The batter seems overworked and under cooked, but this could have just been the batch that I received. Friends on subsequent visits have had better preps for sure. The whole roasted chicken (of which you get half) is delicious served in a mirepoix reduction with corn succotash. I would like to see this pared with other vegetables as an option. Additionally the french bread pizzas are very tasty and the portions are enormous! The menu is not huge but it certainly is diverse and reasonably priced and there is something for everyone, from the Vegan to the Beef eating carnivore. The only two complaints I have about this restaurant are the climate and the noise. The space is small and fun but it can get very warm in the hotter months. Dress casual and cool for this place if you go when it is crowded. Heat is a consistent problem here. The noise could be a problem if you are looking for a quiet intimate place for a date. This is a great local for a group of friends or a fun second/third date no doubt.(ForkOver is a Foodie transplant from Brooklyn NY searching out and writing about what's to eat in Charlotte, NC)
3	Good solid soups, although their French onion is a little bit too sweet. I stopped in just for a second, but for sure will be backI love how flavorful their turkey bacon soup was. It was sure hardy. Also a fan of how their soup of the day always changes. The server was smart and answered questions about local beers and distiled alcohols. Great place for drinks!
2	I just went to Crepe Cellar again, and if that were the first time, this would not be a two star review because I would give them another chance.But tonight they were out of too many things.  The first beer I wanted they were out of.  The first entree I ordered they were also out of.  I ordered the fish and chips instead and that was pretty tasty (except for the fact that a full half of the order of fries underneath were stubby little "crumb" fries).  When I got my second choice beer it came in a pint glass that reeked of bleach.We brought a couple friends who were on layover at CLT, and we thought they would enjoy the Cellar.  One did.  Her crepe was nicely done.  However the other ordered the endive and apple salad.  The problem with the salad was that it was not an endive and apple salad at all.  It was a mixed green salad with four leaves of endive at its four corners and four paper thin slices of apple, one within each leaf of endive.  The salad described in the menu was totally unlike what showed up at the table.I want to pause to give a shout out to the waitress and bartender.  I've always thought the front of the house staff were really cool at crepe cellar.However, if the Crepe Cellar is a let down every other time I visit, it makes going back as a regular customer unlikely.P.S. after this review, I received a message from one of the staff at the Crepe Cellar, who acknowledged that they have had a couple inventory issues.  He or she appreciated Yelp feedback and said that they would work to make future visits better.  I think it's really positive that they read and care about feedback, and I wish them all the best in putting out consistently better food and service.
4	I am really surprised by some of the lower ratings I received about the Crepe Cellar. I think the restaurant is wonderful. They tend to always have great new dinner specials and the everyday menu has an array of different options that are all great. Yes, the location is extremely small and it is usually packed tightly on weekend nights but the location also gives the place its character.
5	This is one of my absolute favorite places to eat! I've been here 3 or 4 times with friends, and all of us have hugely enjoyed our meals. The dessert crepes are to die for, and the beers are excellent. The tea was one of my favorite parts, and I was very happy with the selections. I took one friend there just because he would enjoy the tea, and we were not disappointed!Even if I eat elsewhere in NoDa, I find myself at the Crepe Cellar for dessert and tea...
5	Love this place! Now, to start, I am NOT a Crepe aficionado but that does not stop me from loving good food. I went here last night for the first time with a friend. We started off with some wine,which they have a good but small selection as they do the beer list. When we sat down we tried the Cellar Plate which contained 2 different gourmet meats and cheeses with crusty bread. It was OK but a little skimpy for me. On to dinner, I really wanted to try the fish and chips but hesitated due to the bad reviews it's received on Yelp so instead I  opted for  the Sausage and Peppers Crepe and my friend ordered the Spinach/Mushroom Crepe. I was blown away with the amount of food that they served. My Crepe covered the entire plate and my friends' consisted of 2 large Crepes traditionally rolled. I will say that the sides that we ordered were not needed due to the generous portion of our entree. The Sausage was cooked perfectly and had just the right amount of flavor. I was not expecting that as most places I find just don't have good sausage. My friend loved her meal as well. The seating was very limited and very close together which gave it a cozy feel but you can definitely hear everyone elses coversation. I like smaller restaurants like this because they are more representative of the locals. The staff was very friendly too. Great place for a first date or just a romantic date with your favorite person. Needless to say, I will be returning here in the near future. Only this time I will try those Pesto Brie fries that everyone is talking about!
4	Great spot on Davidson that specializes in crepes.  The savory entree crepes were pretty good, but I have to agree with most everyone else that the desert crepes are a huge draw.  They do not hold back on their use of nutella.  I really enjoyed the atmosphere of the place.  It kind of felt like a cellar: very dim, exposed brick, comfortable, slightly cold.  I also liked how casual it felt.  Nice place to enjoy dinner with friends.  The service was good and they have a full bar and nice little wine selection.For my entree I got a tasty ham and cheese crepe.  it was drizzled with some kind of sauce and had a slight horseradish kick to it.  Nothing out of this world, but filling and fun!  The other crepes sounded delicious and they had a nice special crepe that contained fish.
4	Nice ambience, very friendly, polite and professional waitresses. The menu is limited, but you would go there for Crepes and they do a good job on that. They have limited space but its worth waiting in the neighbouring bar (the waitress comes and fetches you once a table is available!).  Overal I was really happy and will go again.
4	When I won a raffle at a Charlotte Checkers game earlier this season, one of the two prizes was a gift card for Crepe Cellar.  We used it for our early Valentine's Day dinner and we really enjoyed it.  We were also hungry after walking from the near Midtown to Freedom Park and back.  We arrived in Noda at 5:30 or so.  Like all "this is a cool and older neighborhood", parking can be difficult.  We found a spot in the tiny lot behind the restaurant.  Upon entering we found a small table for two in the small place.  The place only has a few tables and small bar, but it is somewhat efficient.  I saw they had Heineken on tap (a rarity) and for only $4, I gladly obliged.  My wife had the house red wine which she said was good.Our waitress, Alex, was very nice.  We started with a cheese plate.  Yummy Maytag, aged cheddar, sliced beef and prosciutto hat actually didn't taste salty.  There was some crostini, strawberries, and candied walnuts too.  The cheese plate could have been a small meal for one person we ordered more.I had spinach, mushroom, and goat cheese crepe which was very tasty and large.  It was served with fries which were phenomenal.  They were the perfect size, flavor, texture, and crispiness and would have went great with malt vinegar.  My wife had a small salad, cheese grits, and about 1/4 of my crepe.  By this time were stuffed so we did not get dessert ( a few people were also waiting so we wanted to be polite and let them sit down and eat). However I noticed that several desserts are served with Nutella which to me is not good.  There are few things of which I don't like the flavor but hazelnut is one of them.  All in all, our experience at Crepe Cellar was very good from the food to the service to the drinks to the atmosphere.  I am glad I won that gift card otherwise I may never have tried it.  The prices are also very reasonable with the crepes being $8-9 but you can also get more price items like steak or shrimp and grits.
3	We love NoDA and were super excited to try this place (especially me, I've been obsessed with crepes ever since I visited France).  We were kind of bar hopping around NoDa and walked a little farther down to try this place. I give it 3 stars for 3 reasons: The ambiance inside leaves a little to be desired. It's pretty dark and drab, packed in too tight, and LOUD.  The 2nd reason, is that my boyfriend tried unsuccessfully twice to order 2 beers and they were out of both. The 3rd reason (and I'm picky) is that the crepes did not rock my world. Since we were bar hopping, we only got the butter and sugar crepe and the banana nutella crepe.  I'd say they were equal which was disappointing because I had such high hopes for the nutella crepe as I am a huge nutella fan. I could eat that stuff by the jar.On a positive note, the server was really friendly and apologetic about the beer not being available.  I wasn't overly impressed with their menu, like I said I am a crepe fanatic so that's the main reason we went there.  I would go back once again and try some of their other crepes to see if perhaps the quality has improved now that they've been there a little while longer or maybe I will just like other ones better than I thought I would the banana nutella crepe.  Bottom line, it's not that they're bad, they're just not awesome, but for 5 and 6 dollars I'm willing to give it another shot.
3	Hmmmm...we had such high hopes!  We went there for a Saturday lunch today.  When we walked in the place was full, but we only had to wait about 2 minutes for a table to open up.  Nearly perfect timing!  It was a beautiful day, so NoDA was packed with pedestrians, and we considered ourselves fortunate to grab a table so quickly.A few minutes later our waitress took our drink and appetizer orders.  They have very little available for children to drink - no juices other than what they use at the bar, and no milk.  For kids who don't like soda or plain water, there's not much choice.  My son ended up drinking nothing for the entire meal because he hates soda and they didn't have milk or juices available.For the apps we ordered the mussels and the brussel sprouts.  The mussels were delicious and I could have eaten those all day long.  I found the brussel sprouts to be VERY bitter and could only eat 3-4 before the overwhelming bitterness became too much.About five minutes after our appetizers arrived, the kids' food arrived at the table.  We finished our apps soon after that and then waited....and waited...and waited.  Our kids were halfway done with their food before our waitress came over to refill a glass and I asked where the food for the two adults was.  She said it was coming out next.So we waited...and waited.  For about 30 more minutes.  By then our kids were long since done with their food, and getting bored just sitting there (thank heavens for phones with games galore!).  Methinks the waitress forgot to put in the complete order - that's the only thing I can think that would have caused such a major delay.  But we kept our smiles through the whole thing, continuing to keep the kids occupied while we waited.FINALLY she brought out our food, and apologized for the long wait.  It's not like we ordered complicated food.  My husband got one of their standard crepes and I got a burger (having originally planned to have a dessert crepe).   There was NO REASON that burger and those crepes should have taken nearly 45 minutes to come out to the table (which was the time from when the appetizers were cleared away to when the food finally arrived).  Other tables around us were being served - including tables that arrived AFTER us.Anyway, despite the wait, the food was good.  My husband enjoyed his crepe (spinach and mushrooms) and my burger was perfectly cooked and with amazing flavor.  As we were finishing, our waitress came over and apologized for the long delay and said she would reduce our bill as an apology.  She also asked if we wanted a dessert crepe, but in the end we decided against it.  We didn't feel like waiting anymore and wanted to get back out into the sunshine to enjoy the rest of our day.Will we go back?  Probably not.  While the food was good, it wasn't a meal that made us say, "WOW - WE HAVE TO GO BACK!"  Add in the slow service (the restaurant was always full, but surely they should be used to that given how few tables they have?) and it's not a place to which we'd return.
3	After an initial bout of extreme disappointment learning the fryers were down when we arrived, we decided to stick around. i had planned on getting Fish and Chips  and/or Pesto Brie French Fries so that was a no go. Instead i went with an actual crepe (my first ever?), it appears to be like the French version of a quesadilla or your standard American wrap. I did enjoy it and would probably recommend it. It was the Queen City with chicken, bacon, cheddar and a tasty sauce. Each bite was flavorful. As my side i ordered the corn and zucchini succotash which they did charge $1 upgrade from the fries that come with it despite the fries not being available. Whatever. And yes, i was called out as i was about to say "sufferin succotash." Come on, how could you not be thinking it.  Sampled the mac n cheese and it just wasn't for me. Maybe it wasn't my kind of cheese but it seemed extremely bland, blah and drab. The steak and Guinness Pie was good. i was just sampling it, but would like for the veggies to be bigger or more plentiful.The banana fosters was alright, the banana parts were good, but it's just not my favorite type of dessert and actually wouldn't be in my first ten choices for dessert.  The place does have limited seating and while we were eating during their transition to dinner time it appeared one of the tables that sat down was forgotten about as the servers changed. Seems tough to do with the limited number of tables.All the tables were full and i almost felt bad that we had gotten dessert and were finishing the coffee as people stood a few feet away waiting on a table. Seriously, does every restaurant have to have a tv?
4	Very very very very loud during weekend nights. I can barely hear what ppl sitting across the table is talking about. French onion soup is THE BEST I ever have. Dessert crepes are better then entree crepes to me.
4	Crepe Cellar....First Review is now retracted ....  had a bit of bad luck my first visit and wrote a "not so nice" review.   Went back again and had a totally different experience.Everything was perfect from the moment we walked in the door.  Granted it was busy on a late Tuesday night...but we managed to get right in and on a table somehow.   Bartender did an excellent job on our cocktails.Food was delicious and came out with perfect timing.The salad was nice and fresh and not drowning in dressing.  The Fusilli pasta was an excellent choice.  It had lots of flavor without being heavy or overpowering.The dessert (Chocolate Brownie Crepe) was probably THE best thing that hit the table.Our server was a cutie and very nice.Overall,  we had a great experience and now this may be one of my favorite new little spots to eat.Glad I tried it again.....Check it out...you wont be disappointed.
4	Trendy, popular spot in NoDA (Charlotte art district). Pepper and sausage crepe with purple (!) cole slaw purple very good.Charcuterie appetizer kinda small for $12, but had great olives that I had never had before and they had no pits!  Generous side saladMushroom spinach crepe goat cheese so so according to one of fellow diners. Good service.  Very popular so go early before Gallery Crawl. We parked in the YMCA lot for free.
5	This place is great, good food, friendly service, excellent homemade bloody mary's etc. Fish and chips is great, crepe's are excellent, but the breakfast / brunch menu is awesome - Kahlua dipped french toast, egg's benedict and florentine very well done and great coffee sourced locally from Dilworth Coffee.We will be back soon...
3	Oh Crepe Cellar, when I heard about you, I thought it would be love at first bite. Well, here we are at three stars.... I feel like I'm one of the last people in Charlotte to check out this place and even though it wasn't everything I hoped for, I'm happy I got to try it. I was surprised by how tiny it was with only nine tables in the entire restaurant with a small bar area. Be sure to get there at the right time or be prepared to wait since they don't take reservations. Ok, so everything on the menu looked good. They had po boys, french baguette pizzas, pastas and more but I couldn't go to the Crepe Cellar without order some yummy, warm crepes so I got the Queen City crepes-roasted chicken, bacon, cheddar topped with oven roasted tomato dressing. The crepes were good but nothing out of this world. Perhaps I had my heart set on some crepes that would make me want to reenact the deli scene from "When Harry Met Sally" but sadly this wasn't the case. They tasted like a hot wrap I could've ordered at an Applebee's or elsewhere and was missing the magic touch. Don't get me wrong, they were good and if it weren't 8pm, I wouldn't had scarfed them down so veraciously as I had. since they were just average tasting. Also, they didn't have that much of a selection of crepes-I think about five or six for the entrees and the same number for dessert crepes. Service was rockin though along with the bartender-both very helpful and quick to suggest an item so that made up for the meh experience of the crepes. I would expect a place with the name Crepe Cellar to have more of a variety of crepes but I guess that's not what they are going for.
4	We got there a little after 5 and they were a little unorganized with transitioning from lunch to dinner, but the waitress was very nice and ran around looking for crayons for our kids.The food came out quickly and was very good my 5 year old son wants to eat there every night.The only complaint I had was that my husband asked to substitute fries for soup and it was fine if there was an extra charge, we ended up being charged full price for it. She should have said it would be full price.Overall a good meal.
3	It is hard to describe but I feel so not in Charlotte when I go to Crepe Cellar.  I think it is the gorgeous counter and the exposed beams, just the feel of the place is more NYC.  Have been here many times but here recently with a friend and I realized I have never reviewed it!!The sangria here is fantastic.... a summer must.  My favorite item on the menu has to be the Pesto Chicken pizza.  It has sun-dried tomatoes, pesto, tender chicken on a crisp crust.  Perfect to share!  I have had a few of the crepes (Queen City and the Ham & Gruyere) which were good.  I definitely prefered the flavors of the Queen City and who can go wrong with a crepe that has bacon???  I look forward to coming back again and again since it is so close to Uptown.  Overall very consistent food and service!  Love it!  :-D
3	I was a crepe virgin before we checked out this retaurant with an online coupon (can't remember if it was Groupon or Living Social).  Yes...I am one of "those" people ~totally not afraid to use a coupon at a restaurant (in public).  My dad would be horrified ;)Okay, it was awesome...I loved it...and my first time left me wanting more and more (yes, still talking about the crepe...sorta').  The service kind of stunk...but I barely noticed after the two beers I drank next door while we were waiting for a table.  Good stuff...will go again soon.  It's fun to go hang out in this area of town (NoDa)...lots of activity and people...fun shops...artists on the street...choices of places to go...almost like a "big girl" town...keep it up Queenie!
2	Out of curiosity I will return, but not in a hurry.  I am pretty sure I have had real crepes before and they were not supposed to be mushy and thick.  It's supposed to be thin, light, and crisp.  I loved the drink menu; lots of great wines, beers, ciders, etc. and at reasonable prices.  I am actually more intrigued by their soups and appetizers.  A really delicous looking salad came out while I was picking over my dough ball pillow crepe with ham tucked somewhere inside.  I brought my leftovers home and put them on the foreman grill and it tasted much better.  The ambience and decor is really dark and romantic; I think it would make a great first date location.  The irony is I just did not like the crepes...
4	One of the first places I dined at in Charlotte. I loved it. Everything from the service, to the food. and the ambiance was great. I recall having the special of the day, which was Salmon, and I remember quite liking it :)Even though it was a week night, the restaurant was busy (and I've noticed that, that seems to be the case with most good restaurants in the city! Whether weekday or weekend, if the weather i good, people are out and about!). Crepe Cellar is one of those quieter, dimly lit places, that allows you to sit and have a good conversation over some tasty food and good wine.
4	I am inspired to add another star to Crepe Cellar....why? One reason expressed in three words:Bananas. Foster. Crepe.Yes, the food is solid, the service is always sweet and efficient but this crepe. Oh mama. It's sublime. Excellent. Magnifique! It's exactly what you want in a bananas foster crepe - delightful bananas folded into a sweet crepe, with plenty of fantastic buttery, rummy foster sauce and running all over it. Plus a giant dollop of whipped cream. And for God's sake - get it with a scoop of ice cream. Go big or go home, kids. Go get one and perhaps share it with a spouse, a friend or, hell, I'd share it with a stranger if someone let me put my fork in it.
4	Great relaxed downtempo atmosphere.  Hip and classy while casual and unpretentious.  Impressive selection of beers, but nothing local."Blasted brussels sprouts w/ arrugula pesto" sounds great, but were too bitter, hard, and oily."Pesto brie french fries" were fabulous, but needs more pesto and Brie (and less oil) for a plate of fries that huge.  This is NOT a small side plate.
3	Overall - just alright.Pros: excellent service, and the brie and pesto fries appetizer was a new look at cheese fries that was a welcome addition to my life.I went to Crepe Cellar with some friends this weekend. We shared a handful of entre crepes to see what we would like and they were, for the most part, a little lacking in flavor.The look and feel of the place was very fititng with the NoDa scene and an overall good addition to the food options in North Davidson.
5	This is one of our favorite places to eat and we go quite often. It's not fancy, but it is fantastic. The funny thing is that the savory crepes are "just ok" but the dessert crepes are out of this world and I'm just going to put it out there now, they have THE BEST BURGER IN CHARLOTTE, hands down. They grind their own meat in house so you can get your burger "as rare as possible" and it is served that way. Amen. I can't tell you how many times I've ordered a burger in NC, only to regret my decision when it is served overcooked and dry. This has never once happened here. The beer is ice cold and the selection is always really good and on a side note, they always have really good tunes playing in the background. Last time we were in, they played the entire National, High Violet album, which gets props in my book. Things that are delicious at Crepe Cellar: Mussels - They have several different mussel specials during the week and they have all been very tasty. Pesto Brie Fries- Pesto and Brie together...nuff said. Bananas Foster Crepe - Worth a trip all on its own. Guinness Stew with Puff Pastry and Mac n' Cheese - The flavor is really good and rich and the puff pastry on top makes it pretty filling, although my husband complains that its not enough food. The Burger- Cheesy, topped with fried onion straws and garlic aioli and cooked to perfection.
5	The first best thing about Crepe Cellar Kitchen & Pub is that their primary food offering comes in some form of crepe, which is the best food delivery vessel in existence. Sweet or savory, they are a thing of taste bud glory, especially when they are done well.The second best thing about Crepe Cellar is that the service and food quality is consistently excellent, whether for a large group of boozy women, an intimate dinner date, or with the family for Mother's Day Brunch, in the middle of which your baby may or may not have spit up on the floor. Perhaps it was an opinion on the oddity of judgment that Mac & Cheese is no longer served at Sunday Brunch. Special thanks to the staff who was completely gracious and sanitary about assisting in clean up. But, for real, why no Mac & Cheese at Sunday Brunch like back in the day?Crepe Cellar is gauzily lit and cozy, just as a crepe eatery should be. However, since it is on the small side and they don't take reservations, it is best to get there early, or expect to belly up their comely bar.  Once seated at a table or the bar, The Queen City Crepe is a savory standout, and the Bananas Foster and Nutella & Bananas (don't forget the strawberries!) dessert crepes are plain old joy in a bowl.If crepes aren't your speed*, their burgers were a close second in The Charlotte Observer's 2011 "New School Best Burger" contest, and paired with the Pesto Brie Fries, the meal is a sure winner. Regardless of what is chosen, it will be as delicious as the eclectic people stew that is increasingly stirring in NoDa, where the Crepe Cellar can be found at 3116 North Davidson Street in Charlotte.*Crazy talk.
4	This is a great place in the Noda area. With Crepes being part of the name, I bet you can guess what might be featured on the menu! Yes, that's right.... Crepes. And they are good crepes too! Overall, I like this restaurant for its food, atmosphere, and wine selection. They do have much more than crepes to eat so do not worry if you are not a fan of the crepe. The menu is fairly extensive including burgers, salads, etc. One thing that I especially like is that they seem to try to draw from local sources for menu items - which I prefer. Although I met friends for dinner when I went, I could easily see this as a good date restaurant.
3	I've been to the Crepe Cellar twice.  My first experience was great.  The second, not so much.First time, I ordered the oyster po' boy.  Absolutely fantastic!  A generous serving of plump, juicy, tasty oysters, cooked perfectly, along with a great little sauce on a hearty roll.  Very very good.So . . . I went back again.  But since I just have to try everything at a good restaurant, this time I ordered crepes.  How could I go wrong, right?  Worst crepes I've ever had.  And (at the risk of sounding like a giant snob) I've had them in France--and made them myself--so I know a little something about crepes.  These were very thick--much more akin to a pancake.  A good crepe is so thin you can see through it.  And the flavor was--well, it just wasn't there.  The filling was yummy--spinach and mushrooms and cheese (forget what kind, but there was a little too much of it).  After awhile, I gave up on the crepes and just ate the filling.Service was great, atmosphere is really nice, but when I go back--and I will--I'll order something other than crepes.
4	Cool hangout in the NO DA district. Nice pub and food is good. If you never been. A must try.
4	Been here once and had a great experience.  I had a dessert crepe that was well prepared and abundant in chocolate, nutella, strawberries, nuts and fresh whip!  Crepe was perfectly thin, fluffy and delicate.  The filling was intense!  Exactly what i was looking for a Saturday brunch, paired with a cup of french pressed coffee.  Divine!  Gotta go again and try some of the savory crepes.  To be continued.....  ;)
5	Love this place. Everyone is friendly. The food is good. I like the savory crepes. Came here for brunch one Sunday and the coffee was great too!
2	This place is way overhyped. Came here for the first time on a rainy Friday and waited for our table at the bar. It took 2 bartenders over 15 minutes to even come get our order....and they weren't even that many people ordering drinks!! After 30 minutes waiting, we finally got to our table. Granted, this place is tiny and everyone is sitting quite close to each other. The only nice person working here was the man who came out with our dishes.We ordered the gnocchi and the spinach crepe. The gnocchi was blah--it tasted like soft raw dough balls and the crepe itself was good, but the filling with the goat cheese was kind of bland. We would have ordered dessert, but the way it was understaffed, we figured it would have taken another 30 minutes just for the waitress to come back and see how we were doing, so we just left.Would not come back here again unless it was a random Tues, Wed early afternoon and I was starving.
5	Delicious. Devine. Delectable.  And coffee in little french presses!  Yay.  Get one of everything.
5	Pesto Brie Fries - to DIE for!!!! Great customer service.
4	This place makes me want to find other cellars in the area that specialize in something!  I've always wanted to try this place, but haven't gotten a chance to until this weekend.  The original plan was to hit up Cabo Fish Taco, but their wait was about an hour and it was starting to sprinkle a bit.  The Crepe Cellar, also had a wait, but we were able to scrounge some space at the bar to booze it up before dinner.  We tried the Pesto Brie Fries (which were AWESOME) and I landed on the Spinach and Wild Mushroom Crepe.  The side I got was the purple slaw.... nothing to write home about, but unique and different.  I like how it was light and not doused with mayo like some slaws tend to be.  Was trying to save room for dessert, but I was stuffed.  I'll definitely have to come back to try a regular entree and dessert!Overall our waiter was great and attentive (even for a busy night).  The atmosphere was very cool - I really liked how the specials were written on a mirror on the wall large enough to see from anywhere in the room.  I'm not a big fan of dark restaurants since I like to "eat with my eyes" first, but this was just to the point where dim was becoming too dark (a good balance!).
4	As a native New Orleanian and lover of crepes this place had my name written all over it. It was my friends birthday and we just ate dinner across the street and wanted a change of scenery. We walked up to the door to check it out. The hostesses(2) ignored us completely and yelled at the other couple that walked passed them to enter the restaurant. They really didn't understand their job description but I was already in love with this place so we didn't let that bother us and found the last 2 seats at the bar. Perfect! The bartender was awesome. Personable,knowlegable,everything you would want in a bartender. Ambiance is romantic,classy but loud. (Very small dining area with nothing to soak up the acoustics=loud. ) Not sure if the a/c was working but it felt about 80 degrees in there. We ordered the bananas fosters crepe with ice cream and 2 drinks. The sauce,fresh whipped cream,bananas,ice cream were all amazing except the crepe! The crepe was too thick,tasteless and chewy. Such a shame since the NAME of the place is CREPE cellar! Not sure if its the recipe or the cook but they gotta fix that. Overall we had a very nice experience.
4	I haven't been to Crepe Cellar for a couple of years, and I was hoping it was still as delicious as it used to be..  I was not let down!  The french onion soup was well-rounded, much more flavorful than I thought it would be.  I got the four cheese crepe.  The presentation could have used a little work (they use these spiral, metal wire containers for the fries which seemed un-necessary and actually made it difficult to get the fries out, and the crepe was set on the plate with no garnish, very pale-looking) but the flavors were wonderful!  Of course we had the nutella and banana crepe for desert which was rich and satisfying.  This would have been five stars had our service been a little better.  Went for lunch with a living social coupon and the place was busy (which may explain some of the service issues) but we were directed to seat ourselves and grabbed a table right away.  The server (Colleen, I believe) was mostly competent but not very friendly or conversational.  I asked to taste two wines and she brought out the wrong one... luckily I liked the other selection so I didn't make a fuss.Overall, delicious and we will be back to try some of their dinner entrees.
4	2nd visit, stopped by after tasting beer next door for a quick bite with friends.  The place is tiny... so we sat at the bar instead.  I am not per se complaining, but as the 3rd wheel of the night, the bartender made it worse to totally skipping me as if I didn't even exist.  Oh well... I'll survive.  I ordered a simple soup of the day (mushroom & leek) and it was oh so tasty.  I ended up eating my friends' pesto brie fries and I can see why it's a feature item.  It was like a combustion of so many flavors.  I also got a slice of their pizza/flatbread.  I didn't expect it to come on such a thick looking piece of bread, but it was moist yet crunchy on the outside.  All in all the food was 2-thumbs up... only thing is there's some serious garlic in all the items we ate, thank goodness I was the 3rd wheel and kissing wasn't on my agenda.I can't wait to come back for the crepes... from what I recalled from my 1st visit a while back, they were yummy too
4	My first visit here and I must say I'm impressed.  Not so much with the fact that seating can be hard to come by but the food.  The food was just great.  Twice fried fries for starters, I seriously couldn't stop eating them!  So good!  Then for the main meal my girlfriend and I split one of the flat bread pizzas and I promise you it was more than enough for the two of us.  Large amount and I'm a pretty big eater so that's saying something.  Service was courteous and we were immediatley greeted with a smile.  I love NoDa area places, don't know what it is, but the vibe is good 9 times out of 10.  Crepe Cellar is no exception to this :)
1	Well Crepe Cellar get a huge F. Steak & Guinness Pie is actually a small bowl of poorly made soup with a crap biscuit. The taste was average but when I order a Steak and Guinness pie off a menu I am not ordering soup.Service was lacking as well seeing as how our server rarely ever checked in on us.  Extremely put off.
4	This was my third visit to the Crepe Cellar - my first was not that memorable - I loved the atmosphere and the menu was eye catching but the food was disappointing. However the place had just opened and I always believe in second chances. This place rocks for brunch. This was my second visit for brunch and the food I promise will not disappoint (I'm glad I gave this place another shot). My french press coffee is one of the many perks of this place. It's very small so you might have to wait for a table but lucky me the bar was wide open. Love the eggs benedict! I'm so glad to find a joint that does not over cook a poached egg. I also had a little cheese plate for an appetizer - a nice selection of cheeses, salami, prosciutto and nuts. Brunch, Lunch, or Dinner if your in NODA check out the Crepe Cellar.
5	So my review is based on their specialties - Crepes. The Queen City crepe is my favorite, must try it. Portions are large, you get full with half of one...and the other half make for great leftovers!!  The fries are deliciously condimented. My favorite place in NoDa.FYI - Crepe is a french word, so it's typically mispronounced. It's not "creype". The first e is pronounced as in "bed" - "Crehpe".
4	Desert crepes are excellent and must have.  Dinner crepes are good but not great.  Mussels were very good as well.  Chimay on tap so cannot beat that.
3	I'd like to give Crepe Cellar more stars, but every experience I've had here rounds out to really just OK. Some nights it's really spotty service and a delicious meal, others it's spectacular service and a lackluster meal. Last night was pretty much the same story. We ordered the cellar plate (meats & cheeses) and it was dropped off without any description. We figured most of it out on our own, but the whole time we were enjoying it I couldn't get the server's attention to give us a rundown. We didn't get checked in on until our entrees were brought to the table, and when we finally go to ask about a certain cheese, we couldn't even be given a straight answer. How do you not know what the chefs are plating up? Our entrees were fairly good. The flavors of the duck dish were great even though parts of the protein were a little tough (the middle was seared beautifully). The Queen City Crepe was delicious, and with a side a fries very filling (though yes, a good portion of them were as mike k described "crumb fries").  Will I find myself eating at crepe cellar again? Most likely. They offer a menu selection somewhat rare for NoDa, and you can't pass up their great beer options. (Plus, I have a feeling CC has the potential for a five star evening it in somewhere...) Also, on busier nights I love that I can put my name in and then mosey on over to growlers for a drink or two until my table is ready.
4	I went back for dinner, and this time I was not disappointed my spinach salad wash delicious.  The service was great and don't forget to try the sangria as well as a dessert crepe :)
4	I was pleasantly surprised at the quality and presentation of the food here. Great location in the North Davidson St. (NODA) area. Good selection of beer and wine. I enjoyed sitting at the bar with friends. Had the P.E.I. Mussels with crusty french bread. This evening it was a lemon and rosemary broth. The rosemary was a little overpowering but still tasty. The mussels could have been a bit fresher but still enjoyed the meal. Feels like a Chef driven restaurant with the type of menu selection and changing daily specials. I look forward to going back and trying something new.
4	In August I purchased a living social coupon for Crepe Cellar that cost $20 for $40 worth of food. My first attempt to try it out happened to be on a Monday, and when we arrived, we saw that they weren't open. Sadly, we had to dine elsewhere. But last weekend a friend and I decided at the last minute to check it out, and I was not disappointed. A breakdown of dinner:1. Soup of the day - poblano sweet potato - very good but quite spicy. We didn't actually order any of this, but they said we could try if we wanted, so we did.2. Chili shrimp appetizer - very good - solid amount of shrimp and a large baguette to dip in the chili sauce.3. Salads - my friend and I both got a salad and were pleased with our choices. She ordered the Charcuterie salad with chicken and I got the Endive & Apple salad with grilled shrimp. The ginger maple dressing on my salad was phenomenal.4. We split the brownie in a blanket dessert, which is actually that - a huge brownie wrapped in a crepe with a scoop of ice cream and a humongous scoop of whip cream. Really good thing we decided to split dessert because it would have been impossible to each eat our own.We arrived around 5:30pm on a Saturday, so got a parking spot on the street and didn't have to wait. But the place quickly filled up (there's not a ton of seating), so I'd try to make reservations or not show up at peak times if you don't want to wait. It's a bit dark in there, but very cool vibe overall. And the service was good, although food was a bit pricey. Yay for living social coupons!
4	It was a cool sunday morning. The streets were empty except for the cars and pedestrians. I met up with my family to dine at this fine establishment. We got there just as they opened the door. The waitresses were beautiful, the chefs looked badass, and the barkeep looked like the dude from Afro Samurai, with his afro, sans samurai sword. I thought they would have a huge selection of Crepes to choose from, but I was wrong. The menu was concise with few choices. This helps the indecisive customer. I ordered the Ham and Gruyere Crepe, it was the square one. I took a picture of it. It was absolutely delicious. The crepe itself was just perfect, it wasn't too soggy, there wasn't too much cheese. The maple mustard sauce they drizzled on top made my taste buds explode in delectable ecstasy. I would rate this dish 5 stars. My brother ordered the queen city crepe. It was not as good. I would rate that one 3 stars. The shrimp with grits my mom ordered was very flavorful, but the portion size was ridiculously small. How much do grits cost? Probably less than rice, and rice don't cost that much. The pricing is a bit expensive as well. But due to the beautiful waitresses and the afro samurai, along with the extremely delicious crepes, this place gets a 4 star! Would definitely come back next time they do another Groupon deal.
5	Awesome food, great beer selection, and great service. Aaron is awesome!
4	I'm not going to go into a long diatribe, just going to say that the food is delicious.  Pesto-brie french fries.  DO IT!  I was skeptical (for some reason I never remember that I like pesto) but they were so delicious.  I had the blackened chicken po-boy.  SO MUCH FLAVOR.  the spiciness of the blackened chicken and the ancho chile aioli was somewhat undercut by the creaminess of the blue cheese.  There's also melted cheddar but you would never know, as it gets swallowed up by the strong flavors of everything else.Beautiful room, a bit small but not very crowded on a thursday evening, service was great, really interesting menu.  I'll definitely be back!
4	Overall pretty good - nice variety of offerings - my complete review: http://tastefullygigi.blogspot.com/
4	It took me a while to try this place, but I am really glad that I did.  I have to admit that I was expecting the crepes to be more on the dessert side (which they have), but they have quite a few savory crepe options as well.  I tried the Ham and Gruyere crepes and really enjoyed them.  The shoestring fries (or Frites) were really good as well.  Really salty and crispy.  All in all, I would definitely like to go back to this establishment so that I can try some other menu items.
4	This place was surprisingly good so that may be why I am giving it 4 stars.  I think my expectations were pretty low so I came out on top in this case!  It was one of the only places not taking reservations for NYE so we ended up eating here with a group of 6.They had a seared tuna over sweet potatoes special that night and a sausage and peppers crepe.  Everyone in our party was very satisfied with their meals.  At our table we ordered a couple of the tuna meals, the sausage and peppers crepe, the queen city crepe, the pasta dish and I ordered the endive and apple salad....I know, seems to be a little boring but this was one of the best I have ever had.  I think it was their ginger maple dressing..a must try!!!  Everything had a lot of flavor and seemed pretty fresh.  Those who had fries on the side were especially happy because they were seasoned curly fries.  Very scrumptious!Then came the dessert....I was hoping that we could all try something different but the waitress steared us all to the brownie in a blanket.  It was exactly what it sounds like...a big warm brownie wrapped up in a crepe, topped with vanilla bean ice cream, whipped cream and candied walnuts.  It was a very rich brownie and it was also covered with nutella so it was super filling.  We really could have ordered one with 6 people and we would have been fine.  The vanilla bean ice cream was a little...well...bland.  It had  potential to really join forces with the brownie and make a perfect bite, but for some reason it just didn't flow that well in my opinion.  It didn't add anything to the overall flavor as I was hoping it would.  And, quite honestly, the crepe didn't add much to the whole package either.  It was just not quite working for me.  I think you have to be still semi-hungry and an absolute chocolate lover to enjoy this dessert.  It was good but it could have been a little better in my opinion!  I am dying to try the bananas foster crepe.  I will definitely return.The negatives:  Not very many vegetarian or vegan options.The scene:  Great for groups, not a romantic setting even thought it is dim in the restaurant.Location:  It is centrally located in the fun noda area so it is a great place to grab a quick, affordable fun dinner AND dessert before heading to your next spot!Definitely worth checking out!
4	Situated in Noda (Charlotte's equivalent of Philadelphia's South Street), Crepe Cellar strives to cater to the gastropub gourmand while offering a casual atmosphere and good drinking. I'll begin by saying that my overall experience (and that of my friends) was very enjoyable. The staff was friendly, the selection of alcohol was diverse and the food had its highs and lows. I applaud this restaurant's efforts in offering gourmet dishes in a pub scene. It is rare to see many pubs around here moving away from the stereotypical american bar. Example: Beef Short Rib over Potato Herb Gnocchi with roasted tomatoes, shallots, and cabernet reduction. Sounds delicious, and it was! But there are other items that attempt to push the envelope and miss completely. The pan seared duck breast not only had a "gamey" taste, but the "Korean BBQ Sauce" that was drizzled over it had no resemblance to anything from that country (neither the North nor the South). In fact, the taste was so familiar to me that I pinpointed it directly to the sweet chili sauce that you dip your Chinese take-out spring rolls in. And for the $22 this place is demanding for such a dish, I was sorely disappointed. As for the steak and frites, the meat was cooked nice and pink and the red wine sauce had a deep and velvety richness to it. The fries are good for mopping up the leftover sauce.I think if you're making a trip all the way out here though, you should just stick to the crepes because the dessert that followed was perfection. We decided to split three different crepes to experience a variety of flavors and the choice was well made. We chose the mascarpone with berries, the crepe suzette (grand marnier, delicious), and the banana nutella. Everyone knows that the filling is a big deal, but it becomes irrelevant if the the crepe that holds it is structurally unsound, overly doughy, or rough and grainy. Crepe Cellar lives up to its name. The crepes were perfect. They were smooth, light, golden, and salted just enough to bring out the flavors they were showcasing. Of all the three, the Crepe Suzette was by far the best. It had a little "pool" of Grand Marnier underneath, which I imagine was flambeed, and a small ball of vanilla ice cream was placed on top. The combination was a deliciously sweet, creamy, alcoholy flavor that one could probably keep eating non-stop. I would definitely come back here to try the savory crepes and I would encourage others to do the same. Don't expect an intimate date though, it can get quite loud in the evening!4/5
3	Last night I finally made it to the place, the beer I ordered(only IPA in the place) They ran out of . The service was skimpy, the server never read us the specials. What we did get was ok, spinach and mushroom crepes plus chicken and a club. The mushrooms tasted canned and it was not very hot. There are wines by the glass or bottle, same for beer and full bar service.
4	3.5 really, but I put 4 for the wife who liked it more.A nice atmosphere, maybe a touch trendy, but not in an epicenter sort of way.  Very dark.  When we got there it was packed and quite loud, but we got a table right away.  The bar was full as well.The service was good, almost too attentive, and very upbeat. My wife would say that I am a grouch for saying that.  It did take a while to get to us once we sat down, but it was very crowded, and after that it was quite quick, and the food was very prompt.They have a very nice selection of beers on tap, and we loved the Chimay and triple strong amber ale that we had.  For food, I had the fish and chips and my wife had a crepe with brie.  The sides were excellent I thought.  I loved the fries and the sauteed spinach that came with my wifes dish, and the purple slaw was good as well.  My wife loved her crepe, but my fish was rather insipid.  it was well cooked, just flavorless.  Maybe a bit too airy in the battering?    Prices were fine. Neither particularly high or low.
3	The food was decent. I loved the pesto brie fries! It is a must get appetizer, you will regret it if you don't order this! The first time I went there, I got the special crepe with salmon. It was delicious. However, the second time, I ordered the pesto pasta and it was surprisingly disappointing. There was not enough flavor, very bland. I'm not sure if it was an off day or what, but I was sad considering the awesome experience I had the first time. My friend ordered the beef short rib over potato herb gnocci and that was really good! So I would recommend trying that. The beef was so tender and the gnocci was perfectly cooked with such a great sauce! The atmosphere is good too. It's quite small, but can be very intimate and private. Not a bad place to go on a date!
4	Beyond the overly delicious bananas foster crepe, one of my favorite desserts in Charlotte, I've been super impressed with a few more items I've snacked on as of late...Pesto Basil Fries: 3.5/5: I mean, comon', now. A pile of hot crispy frites smothered in melty brie, pesto and diced tomatoes. It's exactly what you think it would be. The Fig Salad 5/5: Holy cow, I'm crushing on this salad. Fresh, peppery arugula sprinkled with sweet figs, pine nuts, a light fig balsamic dressing and (my choice) of grilled shrimp. Oh, and don't you forget the fried manchego cubes on the side. NOM. I dig the environment, the cozy tables and the friendly service that encompasses the Crepe Cellar. Long live the crepe!
2	This was and I stress "was" one of my favorite places to eat.  Because we had tickets to an event, my friend attempted to make reservations and was told that reservations were not accepted, but if we arrived by 6:00, there should be no problem with seating.  Were we ever wrong!  The place was packed, and I guess I should be glad for the restaurant.  We thought about going some place less crowded, but we were told we would be seated in 15 minutes.  Now.  I don't care if you are the owner, busboy, hostess.....whatever.  Don't say "15 minutes" if you can't deliver.  We waited close to an hour before we had a table.  I ordered the spinach and mushroom crepe.  I have enjoyed this entree in the past.....creamy, delicious and vegetarian.  As I was eating, I bit down into something absolutely repulsive and discovered it was chicken.  Because we were pressed for time, I simply removed the poultry from the dish.  What was left was a smidge of spinach and very few mushrooms, no cheese or sauce to speak of.  Thank goodness for the smattering of fries, or I would have left hungry.  I am typically laid back, but this experience was definitely a gastronomic horror film.
5	This past Saturday evening was our first (but certainly not last!) experience at the Crepe Cellar in NoDa.   We expected it to be busy (as we've seen people lined up on the street before), but the waittime wasn't bad.  The hostess took our name and phone number down on an iPad so they could text us when our table was ready.  I loved that!  So much better than the old restaurant pager.  This allowed us to go "out of range" and walk around NoDa while we waited.  We got back just in time for a text letting us know that our table was ready.  Perfect timing!  We were seated in a huge booth by the window.  I felt a little guilty because we were taking up so much space but I really loved being seated there with a view instead of at one of the tables that are closer together.I expected the menu to be full of crepes, but I was pleasantly surprised to find that the menu was pretty extensive and offered a variety of appetizers, sandwiches, salads, and entrees besides crepes.  I had a tough time deciding what to get because three or four things were jumping out at me.  We did start with the Pesto Brie Fries, though, as an appetizer.  Not only was the topping delicious and unique, but the fries themselves were, too.  They could have used a lot more Brie, though, for my tastes. I ordered the Chicken Cordon Blue sandwich and my partner ordered the Black and Blue Po Boy (blackened chicken and blue cheese).  It wasn't really a true "po boy" sandwich, though, but no worries.  Both sandwiches were good, but after taking a bite of each other's, I suddenly fell in love with the Black and Blue and he really liked the Cordon Blue better because it was less spicy.  So...we swapped and both had a delicious meal.  Because we already had the french fries app, he opted for the alternative purple coleslaw as a side, and I substituted for a good-sized side salad for only $1 more.  We were pretty full after all of that, but we felt that we had to order a crepe for dessert, having skipped over the dinner crepes.   Obviously they must be good; they named the restaurant after them!  We went with the Bananas Foster Crepe.  Good choice.  The sauce that came over top the crepe was divine.   Our server was fantastic.  She was so super friendly and very attentive, despite the very busy (but small) dining room.  I look forward to returning.  The prices were reasonable and there were definitely some other entrees I'd like to try.  I'll just make sure to wear pants with an elastic waist.
5	The Banana Foster's in the Bomb Digity times infinity!!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE!! I have eaten there 3 times and love it.  Can't wait to go back.  All the crepes are awesome.  The 4 Cheese is to die for. Oh and the Crepe Suzette is amazing!!
4	Yummy, yummy, yum yum.  My husband and I have been to the Crepe Cellar several times. It is a great spot for a romantic evening, although we do meet friends for dinner here a lot too. We always start with the Pesto Basil fries. They are some of the best fries and hit the spot while you wait for your meal. We've tried the Chicken Cordon Blue, The Black and Blue and several dinner crepes. Most recently I ordered the Crepe Cellar Burger, which was fantastic. I love the cheese grits as my side, and have also enjoyed the Mac and cheese.For dessert we've had the Banana's Foster and also the butter sugar crepe.  While the butter sugar was amazing, the Banana's Foster was better. The drink specials are posted on the chalk board by the bar area and they are connected with Growlers Pour house. We've had to wait for an over an hour before to be seated and have enjoyed some beers at Growlers first. Great any night of the week for any occasion, but expect to wait. They do accept reservations only on Valentine's Day!
2	so this seems to be a popular place in charlotte, but i was a bit underwhelmed by my whole experience here.first off, we were the only ones in the restaurant on a weekday night. no one else showed up for a half hour, and it seemed that the waitress had better things to do than check up on us in a more timely manner. she wasn't mean or rude, but she almost seemed uninterested in serving us by how she approached and left our table. maybe i was reading too much into it, but i found it odd. perhaps, she was just trying to give us our space and not "smother" us. i don't know. she really could have talked up the menu or been more into asking us what we needed/wanted.my husband and i shared the house salad, the fish and chips and the infamous bananas foster crepe for dessert. house salad tasted good, but the dressing was overpoweringly garlicky. i could only eat half of it, because it was so strong. normally, i would have eaten it all myself--because, c'mon. it's just salad. the fish was actually perfect. nice crispy breading with a tender, moist fish in the middle. not too much batter, and no fish taste. just fresh and delicious. the tartar sauce was good, but not amazing. and the fries were a little too salty. they were cooked well. just too much sodium chloride.and then--AND THEN--the bananas foster crepe. everyone here has raved about this crepe, so i decided we should try it. umm...maybe we went to the restaurant when everyone that worked there was having an off-day, but i thought it was totally boring. i was expecting something amazing, and i couldn't have been more sleepy about it. i've had better crepes at a friend's house, who had only learned to make crepes the same day we went over. it wasn't gross or anything. i guess there was just so much hype for me that i thought there would be more to it. sorry crepe cellar. while i'm glad i went to experience it, i don't know that i will go back. first impressions sort of mean a lot to me. and, i don't want to fall asleep at the table.
5	Excellent lunch. Will definitely go back.Parking can be a challenge, but worth it.
3	I have to say, I was quite disappointed with the crepes.  We got the Queen City and Mascarpone and Berries. They were thick and more like burrito texture than actually crepes.  Don't think i will  be coming here again for crepes.
4	Pretty much the bread and butter date night or sweet tooth du jour of NoDa. You really can't go wrong at Crepe Cellar. The crepes are made with buckwheat, so you may be in for a bit of a surprise at first bite. A a little more chewy, earthy, and malty than your mom's crepes. Definitely better for the savory variety. One of the strengths of Crepe Cellar is their offering of savory and sweet crepes. You definitely need to try the Queen City savory. Wonderful flavors. Can't believe how much it made me love chicken, mushrooms and spinach together. Who knew all it took was a buckwheat crepe? The oven-roasted tomato dressing goes good on ANYTHING. Definitely the center stage act of this dish. When it comes to sweet, just try anything. You won't be unhappy. Especially with a piping hot brownie, ice cream and accompanying a warm, fresh crepe. Come on, America. France is right on this one. Lastly, alcohol. I love that they have so many good beers. Both both bottle and draught. Lots to choose from. Or, if you're a redneck like me, PBR is pretty cheap here. Hell yes. If you're of the classier alcohol mantra, definitely go for the Cellar Cider. Wonderful little concoction. Baron Jager and a few other spirits. Definitely worth the dough. Limited seating here, folks. Make sure you get here at a decent hour or put your name in and walk the streets of NoDa. Typically an hour wait or so on busy nights. You'll be pleased with your visit. Bar none. One of the staples in the Queen City.
4	I can not say enough good things about Crepe Cellar's burger and pesto brie fries. I go at least once a month for this meal and have never been disappointed. Some french pressed coffee with their brunch is one of my favorite ways to spend a Sunday morning after yoga.
5	I've never met a meal at Crepe Cellar that I haven't liked... Or a server.When I'm aiming to impress an out-of-town friend - or an unaware Charlotte friend - I always take them to Crepe Cellar. There was a time in my life when I was here once a week. Granted, I live right up the street, but my frequent visits were more about the experience than the convenience. My menu favorites --Starters: Pesto Brie French FriesSavory Crepes: Spinach & Wild Mushroom, Queen City, Turkey & BrieSandwiches: Crepe Cellar BurgerSweet Crepes: Bananas Foster, Nutella & Bananas (Add Strawberries!)Add a side of melt-in-your-mouth mac & cheese for $1.50. Worth every penny. Because Crepe doesn't take reservations, as they are an intimate setting (which I hope never changes), you should plan to get there early on a weekend night to compete with the crowd. Can't get a table? Let Chris take care of you at the bar.
2	Wow. I've been here before and it was great, but the last couple of visits were not great.  The cheese plate flavors do not blend at all.  It used to be so good. The onion soup had very little flavor, just a sprinkle of cheese, and tasted gelatin like. Half the mussels were closed on the plate and in general it seemed like the chef was doing a lot of shopping at Costcos. I've become acustomed to better from this place. hope to see some change for the better again!
4	Trendy, pub with cool UK beer, food selections. Came in for a night cap and got absolutely stuffed by the fudge brownie in a crepe.....it is one dense mutha! Good luck with that biatch!
4	I came here for lunch and was pleasantly surprised with a great lunch special. Albeit a short lunch special menu, i grabbed the Queen City Crepe for $8 and $1 for a side and $1 for a drink. a $10 lunch isn't bad compared to paying around $15+ without the special. Besides prices, the food and presentation was great. The fries are awesome.....what else. OH! duh, like the name, when you walk in, it looks like you're inside of a cellar! Not a huge venue, but the size along with the bar makes the atmosphere seem....cozy in a way. I MUST come back to try dessert. Happy eating!
4	Best Restaurant in NoDa by far.I really enjoy their burger, which is AMAZING, and their Fish n' Chips- equally amazing.   Everything they make is taste, and clean (in spite of being quite heavy).  Both of these meals are quite reasonably priced, by the way.  If you stick with either of these, you'll be happy.I've had some not-so-great stuff there as well.   Their truffle brie french fries sounded amazing, but were very disappointing.  Also their dessert crepes were nothing special.Service is fast.  Staff is polite and professional.I haven't had a chance to fully explore their menu- it is definitely hit or miss.The management is great.   On time my fish was a bit undercooked.  I asked them to just heat it up a bit more.   Instead they scrapped the whole thing and brought me a brand new plate- no charge, and offered to throw in a free dessert.   Super nice of them.  And I want to note, that this was the one and ONLY time that anything I ordered from them was less than perfectly prepared.I highly recommend this restaurant.
1	We've tried to eat here 3 times and every time the utter rudeness of the hostess staff has driven us out. Tonight we were actually seated and then UN-seated. She said she made a mistake! If you seat me, that is your fault not mine, but you DON'T aske me to get up once I have been seated. So we had a wonderful dinner at Boudreauxs down the street where we were actually welcome!These hostesses learn their behavior from their superiors - management.
4	I have eaten here a number of times and always great food.Pros - the fries are awesome!The recommendations are the Queen's, and Ham/Cheese, crepes.Have had the 4 cheese crepe, and Mac/cheese. Average and would not recommend.
3	Why, oh why, does this place have so many stars?I visited tonight and I split the Brie fries, spinach and mushroom crepe and the spinach poached pears salad.First let me rewind, I ordered the Hendricks cocktail.  I normally don't like gin but this was delicious!  It was super sophisticated and great for the summer.  My only regret was not ordering another.Unfortunately it went downhill then settled on a bland plateau for the rest of the meal.Fries-honestly still not sure what I think.  I'd like to pick the brain of whoever created this dish.  I can't say I hated it but I also can't say I loved it.  It was just a strange combination.  The Brie and pesto also wasn't well distributed, it was mainly on top.  Dip the fries in ketchup and they are just as addictive as regular fries.Spinach/mushroom crepe- bland, bland, bland.  It tasted exactly like it sounded.  I tried to add salt but destroyed my crepe in the process so I just gave up and ate it.Salad- again, lackluster.  The shallot dressing was very nice but definitely not hard to execute.  Everything else on the salad was whatevs.  Oh yes, it came with 4 small (overcooked) shrimp for an extra 3.50.  Not the best deal but you do what you gotta do for protein.  I just don't get the appeal of this place.  I tasted the other meals at my table and they were all bland as well (stay away from the pesto pasta-not worth the calories). Just a note: the service was really good and our waitress was friendly and on top of things.  Our table loved her!  Good job Crepe Cellar management.
4	Located in the NoDa (North Davidson) district, this is a welcome addition to Charlotte's continuing culinary expansion.I really enjoyed my lunch here, including both the savory and sweet crepes. The butter sugar crepe is simplicity at its best and the Nutella banana a serious chocolate-lover's indulgence. I would definitely like to come back here!
4	I think this place gives you a lot of what the neighborhood is about. (I can say that as a local) Friendly, down to earth staff, great food, intimate feel and decor. Great for dates and introducing people to Charlotte! Food is awesome! I went their the other night and had the Chicken Black and Blue sandwich... That was a whole nother level of yumminess! And the dessert crepes are just freaking phenomenal! These people know what they're doin! It's small though, so keep the kids at home. And parking can be an issue on a busy night in the neighborhood. But I think its worth the hassle! Definitely a recommended spot! :)
4	We celebrated my husband's birthday at Crepe Cellar this week.  We've been here a hand full of times and always enjoy the food and the atmosphere.  (Although this night their A/C was out and it was a bit stuffy, but still bearable.)We started with the cheese and meat platter which was very nice!  3 different additions (fig preserves, strawberry, mustard and crostinis) to the meat and cheese. Next was the flat bread which was actually bread.  I was thinking pizza but nope - more like an open face french bread sandwich - tasty but not exactly what I was expecting.  We also had the Caesar salad which was very heavy on the anchovy.Service was attentive yet not annoying.  Always a pleasurable experience!!
5	My boyfriend and I ended up here at nearly 11:30 pm on a Saturday night. It wasn't crowded but the atmosphere was lively. We had wanted to get a drink and dessert, but when we were told the kitchen closed at 11pm, we hesitated but decided to get a drink anyway. Alex (the bartender) told us to hold on while she double-checked with the kitchen, and when she came back, she told us that the kitchen would make a dessert for us, which was a very nice surprise. We ordered the Brownie in a Blanket, and WOW. If you're looking for a decadent dessert at the end of a rough day, this dessert will make all your troubles go away. The crepes were perfectly cooked, and the Nutella, brownie and candied walnuts were an exceptional addition to them. They went very well with my perfectly-made Old Fashioned too! All in all, a wonderful first-time visit to Crepe Cellar. I will definitely be back for dinner sometime soon!
5	First time here and I can't wait to come back. We came for sunday brunch. I ordered the ham and gruyere crepe which was AMAZING (and I lived in France for 6months). It came with a side of home fries (not really french but seasoned very well). You have to order the honey biscuit as a side. It's made with sage and honey and drizzled with honey and butter. Delicious!! We split one for desert (yup, it's that big) and had it with coffee. Note - if you order a cup of coffee you will get an entire French press (I.e., 3-4 glasses of coffee). Although they were very busy (Sunday brunch is the busiest) we were seated quickly and had great service!!
5	Came by for lunch on a Friday and found great lunch specials, great beer and wine options, local coffee and tea, and delicious food. The crepes are huge and the sides are generous. Everything was very fresh. Great atmosphere and decor, fantastic service.
3	My co-worker and I ate lunch here after taking suggestions from Yelp on where to eat. We were looking for a new spot. We work very near the Noda area, so it sent us to the Crepe Cellar.   Just like every other Noda eatery, this place was urban cool and eclectic. Hip music, minimalist motif, waitresses all in black. Kind of looked like they were trying to be fine dining on a budget.   They might have pulled it off, too, except for the gravy stains on our waitress's shirt. As is my habit, I asked her which was better - a crepe dish or the fish and chips that was voted as "Charlotte's Best".  She replied, "Go with the fish and chips.  Our entree crepes are just so-so". Brutally honest but suicidal at the same time. Perfect. She was dead on. My fish and chips was great. Light and juicy with just the right amount of crunch in the battered outside. A GREAT sweet red slaw accompanied the cod. Decent fries, too. My partner had the same thing and was equally impressed. She had added (during her per-meal analysis) that the dessert crepes were "to die for" so we added a shared $8 Crepe Suzette to our meal. Buttermilk crepes with a good sized scoop of butter rum ice cream .... And all of this swimming in a rum sauce. Very good, but I certainly wouldn't die for it. Not for 8 bucks, anyway. All in all, a good meal. The biggest disappointment was when we got the check. Nearly $45 with tip. Pretty steep lunch - even for hip Noda!
4	Crepes are great but a bit pricey for what you get.  The cheese fries are fab if you are with a group.  If you have room try the desserts.
4	I think this place and I are going to be friends.  There was a delicious salad of greens, dates, pine nuts and toasted manchego cheese which made an excellent entree with chicken added, and was satisfying without leaving me unpleasantly stuffed.  Of course, i went and spoiled that virtuous feeling by ordering a crepe Suzette for dessert, but it was to die for, so it's not like I regret it or anything.
2	Food just ok for me. I had a savory crepe with ham & cheese. Wasn't great. I'd like to go back & try a dessert crepe next time. Dim lighting, cool, calm & classy interior. great place for a date.
4	Yes finally a cute lil place tucked in NoDa. I loved it here. My friend took me here for an early bday dinner. I got a roasted chicken crepe and it was delish! I will return here because of the cozy atmosphere and the location can't be any better.
4	What a Great atmosphere for a date. Worth checking out purely for the lighting (go at night for dinner!). The drinks are good and my hat's off to the cooks. Definitely thumbs up on just about everything, especially service. Really worth checking out if you're looking for something different. Not sure what to recommend purely because everything is so different... it really comes down to your personal taste. I'd definitely go here again. Only downside is parking can get competitive in NODA depending on when you go, so you might have to walk a little unless you get lucky.
4	Best brussels sprouts I have had in my life. I know...that does not sound all that exciting, but there were amazing. I think it these could convert any brussels sprout hater to a fan. The buckwheat crepes were also very good as was the pesto pasta dish. There really seemed to be something appealing for all tastes on the menu. Looking forward to going back. It's hard to get in though past 6pm on a Friday or Saturday - the restaurant is small and they don't take reservations.
5	These are Huge Crepes!Twice I have eaten Crepes Suzette twice here!  Both times as a Dessert!!!  I would eat this as a meal and would not be bragging about it (not be bragging that it was a meal for a person who is always on a "diet" - always BREAKING a diet)!  I'm guessing this is the Best Dessert in NoDa?  Best one I remember and only one I am suggesting right now!Once we had a Crepe with Sausage was very good too!  We may have asked for the Sausage to be added!Same Dude Severed us each time and does a great job!Very Comfortable place!  Nicer than my Apartment for sure! Usually we get here before the Crowd!
4	First time here and I can't wait to come back. We came for sunday brunch. I ordered the ham and gruyere crepe which was AMAZING (and I lived in France for 6months). It came with a side of home fries (not really french but seasoned very well). You have to order the honey biscuit as a side. It's made with sage and honey and drizzled with honey and butter. Delicious!! We split one for desert (yup, it's that big) and had it with coffee. Note - if you order a cup of coffee you will get an entire French press (I.e., 3-4 glasses of coffee). Although they were very busy (Sunday brunch is the busiest) we were seated quickly and had great service!!
5	Never eaten anything but dessert here, but the bananas foster crepe is great
3	Seriously? This restaurant has 4 crepe options on the menu for dinner.  Totally disappointed. The spinach and mushroom crepe was delicious but it was the only vegetarian option.  Call me crazy, but with a name like "Crepe Cellar" I imagined several options...The tap beers are a sampling of the UK... Which is great but the best local brews are a block away.The atmosphere is nice.  We sat at the bar.  My hubs had the fish and chips, which he enjoyed.  We skipped dessert.  MIght be a better option for brunch?
4	One of the most interesting food spots in Charlotte.But I never actually get a crepe here?..The specials always look amazing, and we ALWAYS get whatever the mussels preparation is.I haven't ever had a bad meal, or known someone who wasn't totally satisfied by coming here.NOTE: Great spot to mix wine and appetizers if you're in the mood to pick at lots of different things!
1	I had dinner there a couple days ago and was not impressed. I returned my meal bc it was so tough (it took a solid 30 to 45 seconds to cut one bite of my steak.) The service was mediocre at best. We ordered the featured desert crepe and it was awful! The crepe was cold, and not bc it hadn't been delivered to me in a timely manner but because it was pre made and had been refrigerated.  The only good thing about the meal were there brussels sprouts; however, doesn't make me want to go back.
4	I usually eat here when I'm doing the NODA gallery crawl. It's a great spot for hanging with friends or a date... good menu, location and atmosphere. It has a nice, cozy feel and the pesto brie fries are SO. GOOD! As a chocolate lover the brownie in a blanket dessert is on my favorite list, too.
4	This place is DELICIOUS. Went here last night for dessert after Cabo across the street. I agree with other people on here when they say they expect more dessert options. But, nonetheless, the banana fosters crepe never ceases to amaze me. Crepe Cellar has such an amazing ambiance. It's very calm and peaceful inside.. the candles on the table make it for a very romantic setting. The waitresses are always very friendly and helpful. I have yet to taste their dinner menu, but the options look incredible!I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who is interested.
5	My girlfriend and I had our belated Valentine's day dinner last night. The bar staff was great while we waited for our table. Our waitress, Alex, was fabulous. She was very attentive without being intrusive. The food was excellent, topped off by superb coffee and a delicious crepe Suzette for dessert. Thismwasnour first visit in quite some time, but we won't long to go back. We love Noda! Dinner and the Evening Muse make for a great evening!
5	Oh my goodness. I wish I could eat here every. single. day. The menu has more than crepes, but when I go- I go for the Queen City. Absolutely delish! My husband and I go here on occasion and we love it- you really can't go wrong. I love the atmosphere- the "low lighting" and the service. We went there last week- and even though it was packed (not unusual) the hostess was extremely tentative and took our name down on a tablet (new, I think- great idea) and sent us a text message when our table was ready. It sits in a great spot in NoDa- so while you wait you can hit up some of the local bars (Growlers, next door). If you go for dinner you MUST try the Nutella Crepe Brownie for dessert....9/10 we have to take it home and it still tastes amazing the next day. Start off with an app. (any are wonderful) and dive into dinner- SAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT! This place is a must if you live in/near/are visiting Charlotte.
1	Yesterday 4 of my friends went to this place. Just 2 of us drank a coffee and ate a crepe and we got sick a few hours later. Really bad food poisoning that lasted several hours.I usually don't write reviews but I think this is something people should know.
3	Ok I am disappointed, tonight was not a very nice experience at Crepe Cellar. I've had better experiences. The waitress was indifferent, I asked her for recommendation but she acted like she was ready to leave. We didn't even go that late, it was 8:30PM. My Sangria was TERRIBLE, i want my $7 back! The Banana and nutella crepe was too sweet, this is the second time I had it and it is still not right. If you are going to call yourself crepe cellar, at least make your crepes takes good. If you want GREAT crepes, Try Hazelnut creperie, you won't be disappointed! The flavors are much more on par and the chefs are more committed. That being said, I do like the atmosphere at Crepe cellar, dark lighting, busy crowd and it is very loungey feel. I think they serve better salted food, like pesto fries and such. Just don't get anything sweet here, whenever I get sweets here, it ends up disappointing. My Crepe was OK, like acceptable, but my drink was TERRIBLE. Oh well, still a nice little place in Noda.
4	Went here last night for dinner and I have mixed thoughts about the place. The pesto fries, salad, and soup we had were great but the ham and gruyere crepe I had was so over powered by the sauce I couldn't taste anything else. There was service followed the same pattern, everyone was very sweet with the exception of one waitress. Overall I'd go back again but I wouldn't order that crepe again.
4	I love this restaurant! It's very small and cozy, but not at all overcrowded. The lighting is low and the atmosphere is laid-back so it's a great place to go with a group of friends or on a date. The food is delicious, I love the unique foods they use to fill the dinner crepes. I tend to order the turkey, apple and Brie which never disappoints. The dessert crepes are also fantastic, sweet and tummy but not so rich that you're left with a toothache after :-)The service is always friendly and the food gets out to you rather quickly. I've only gone right after work, around 5:30pm, so I usually beat the real dinner rush around 6:30/7:00.
5	Not only great atmosphere and food, but excellent service too!It was out first time going out to NoDa for the studio crawl and we saw this little gem on our adventure. It is an intimate space perfect for families, small get-togethers and dates. Definitely somewhere I would take newcomers.After putting our name down on the electronic waitlist, we were accidentally notified our table was ready. But we waited patiently outside until another table was available. A few minutes later we were brought inside and given an appetizer on the house. Not that it was an inconvenience at all, but it was a very generous gesture and worth the wait. We had the notable pesto brie fries--delicious especially for the french fry fanatics.AND I accidentally left my cellphone on the table. And instead of having lost it for the night [or possibly forever] I was chased down and given it back. The best.Must visit on so many different levels!
5	Have been before and have always been pleased with the food and service. This being said, my last visit my entire order was incorrect. However, the bartender not only corrected everything but never once made me or my friend feel out of place or uncomfortable. By far, great food and great service. Will absolutely return.
1	Website says open till 11pm on Wednesdays, called at 10:25 to order something for pick-up, was told they closed half an hour ago.
5	My first time there and it was a pleasant change . The food , ambience and service was great. Had the Chicken Po Boy sandwich , it had  great flavor and taste. Followed up with a chocolate banana crepe which was pretty good. A little dry but Nutella makes things taste better.
3	I was looking forward to trying a crepe however as soon as I sat down my friend said, "So even though this is a crepe place, their crepes suck, get something else." Ok then, what was my next choice? They were voted best fish and chips and best fries in 2011, so I figured I couldn't go wrong. I could most likely eat french fries for my only meal for the rest of my life, so to be voted the best of the best, well.....they need to be pretty unbelievable. I ended up upgrading to the best of 2011 fries with my fish and was sorta disappointed. They were topped with pesto and brie just as the menu says, but I didn't find this to add to their flavor. If anything it took away from the yummy fries that are good just served plain. The fish was excellent. Crispy and fried perfectly. It came with a side of thinly sliced cole slaw which was ok. The service was ok although the waitress shot my friend and me a nasty look for looking at pictures on our phone together, as if we were disturbing her. The place was also very loud and when I mean loud, I had to shout at the person across from me which made me just want to eat in silence and not talk at all. I most likely would come back for the fish and chips and maybe then I'll try a dessert crepe.
4	I've been to Crepe Cellar a handful of times. It isn't one of my go-to places mostly because it is very small, often crowded, and loud inside. Everything I've had here has been pretty good, but I'm not a huge fan of crepes so I normally go for something else. Their pesto brie fries are awesome and the brussels sprouts are the best I've had anywhere. The sprouts are roasted and then topped with arugula pesto and parmesan--yum yum! My husband and I split the fries and sprouts as our meal and still had leftovers. They usually have specials that sound delicious. Prices are all over the map so you can go and spent $10 or you can spend $25 on a special entree. They have a small but decent beer selection and a good wine selection.
5	The food here is really good!! Though i haven't tried the actual crepes lol my friends always go and try many different dishes such as: their burger, all the dessert crepes, pesto brie fries, all the baguette pizzas, fish/chips...etc, no one has been disappointed yet.:) must try place in NODA
2	The arugula and fig salad had a light and delicious dressing, but "one" small fig sliced on the salad really... The mahi mahi meal was good but small.  The mussels were terribly gritty, had no seasoning what so ever, and the sauce had no flavor.  95 dollars for good to mediocre food, before the tip, and starving when we left. Very disappointed and won't be back.
4	Atmosphere is close intimate tables and local servers from the neighborhood. The food is for the most part on point. The Brie pesto fries are enough for a table of 6 to all munch on for an app. That is probably the most popular appetizer besides my personal favorite.., the brussle sprouts. A-mazing. I have had the garlic burger as well and it was delish. Great neighborhood spot.
4	Did someone say Crepe?!?!?!This place wasn't at all what I expected.  I regret that I have not returned to try a dessert crepe....or two!  In the heart of NoDa this was an impromptu stop to satisfy the need for dinner before heading out for beer with a friend and fellow Yelper.  At his suggestion, we grabbed a quick bite here vs. the crowded option across the street.  I was all around pleased with the atmosphere, service and menu options.  Wine and beer available along with daily specials.  The pesto brie fries are a must try.  The only downside was that the noise level, at least at dinner, was not conducive to casual conversation.
4	In our ongoing search for the best burger in town, I am happy to report that we have another candidate from a MOST unexpected source!  So the story goes:  A few Sundays ago we were getting ready for the week and musing about how good it would be to have a great burger before the work week started.  I texted a good Friend an asked for something in our neighborhood as I didn't feel like driving across town.  my inquiry for the best burger close to the "hood" (we live in Midwood) was to go to the Crepe Cellar in NoDa!  I thought she had misread my text for a moment but she followed up with details before I could ask about how I also needed to have the fries topped with brie and pesto.  A little bit shocked (and wondering how much champagne said friend had intaken that day) we pile din the car and off we went.  Now I have been to the CC for brunch on multiple occasions and found it to be divine... but to think that a crepe joint might have the best burger was still not computing.  We actually found a parking spot out front and were greeted and seated by he pleasant staff in a matter of minutes.As a brunch patron I never realized that what was on the rest of the menu and I sure didn't have a clue that they had a great beer list!!!  We ordered a really great Scottish IPA (a SIPA? LOL) on draught and the fried brussel sprouts for an app... happily both were amazing!!!  I kept saying I was done with the brussel sprouts and kept going back in for more.  While gorging ourselves on said brussel sprouts we ordered our burgers and when they arrived and we cut them in half you could immediately tell that this place was not playing around!!!  The meat was beautiful and cooked perfectly on the rare side of medium rare.  The fries (as mentioned earlier with the Brie and pesto) also were crazy good... and may be contenders for the best fries in the city as well!!!  All in all we were pleasantly shocked to death and will make the trip back many times in the future to enjoy these crazy good delicacies again!!!
4	The food here is creative and very rich. Be prepared to not only eat a unique meal but also to pack in hundreds of calories, perhaps pushing past a thousand! Located in the little hipster nabe Noda (dumb NY wannabe real estate names that stick...sigh), which, despite its name IS cool, especially for the CLT. My party and I started with the pesto fries, which I'm less sure were "pesto" proper than the ingredients of pesto infused into the fries. A delicious, greasy snack. We also had the brussel sprouts which were fantastic. Less great was the shrimp something in a cup and a loaf of baked bread. Wasn't quite sure what was supposed to go on there. Shrimp something on the bread? It was okay, just unclear what I was eating (and probably partly my fault as I didn't order it!)With my meal, which was the burger, which was fine and straight down the middle of the plate, I had a Scottish IPA, which was very good.Overall, the service here was kind, friendly, and good. Not "hipster" service at all (which would be aloof and too cool and annoyed that I have to even work here at all to supplement the support of my self-indulgent hobbies-ZING!).
4	Love the crepes here! They also have great specials, and a local favorite- the pesto Brie French fries. And if you get Colleen to make you a cocktail, you won't be dissatisfied. She can make a mean drink!
4	Stopped in here before an Evening Muse concert on 6/21/2013.  Grabbed some counter space, had some ciders and a quick dinner, and it was pretty impressive!  The food is creative and outside the norm, which can make for an interesting meal.  I feel silly for not having tried this before!Cabo Fish Taco is still a great choice, but consider giving the Crepe Cellar a try before your next concert in NoDa.
3	I thought it was just ok. The wait was over an hour, so I thought this is going to be good. Sat down it was so hot in the place. A/c must have been busted, but no biggie shit happens. I ordered the cheese crepe which was way to cheesy and a bit bland.  My husband ordered some kind of chicken crepe which he thought was just ok. Pesto fries were just ok. Everything was just ok.  Now question is would we go back. I would say if we were with friends and they wanted to go I guess so. If we were alone cabo fish taco is across the street and is a fabulous restaurant .
4	This is a charming neighborhood restaurant in NoDa. The burger here is soooo good that I actually dreamed about it! In my dream, the burger was floating by me on a tray! Lol I also love the mussels! There's a different preparation each day and its always delicious. The place can get crowded on the weekends, but its worth it. I like to browse the local shops/boutiques while I wait. The restaurant will text you when your table is ready.
2	I was here at lunch. They had a lunch menu that it is kept hidden unless you specifically ask for it. Why? If they are not interested in selling $10 meals, why do it? Furthermore, asked for a sparkling water, they brought the expensive large bottle of San Palegrino, and I was alone.  I feel that they keep pushing for the most expensive stuff, which is  not cool. Food is ok ( honestly? Not worth much more than $10).
5	I absolutely loved my crepe for lunch (spinach and mushroom, goat cheese on the side) with a side salad.   My husband gave the burger two thumbs up as well.  They were playing Wilco and the Avetts (I'm always biased towards places that play music that I enjoy).  Our server was genuinely friendly and attentive. Great little place in funky NoDa!
5	The food is consistently wonderful! My family loves to eat there. It is a low key, local neighborhood type restaurant. It is not a fast-paced chain, and food is made fresh to order - so you may wait a little longer for your order to come out, but it is definitely worth it!
5	Great pesto Brie fries   Very very interesting menu.  Very ready to get to from ikea charlotte     What a find
5	This was our first meal out in Charlotte after moving down from DC. As native Southerners, we were excited for our first Southern brunch in years. After checking out NoDa for a bit, we dropped in a little before noon and were seated almost immediately. The decor was woody and comfortable, and we got a nice table in the corner. I had a vegetarian omelette with grits and coffee. The food came out quickly and tasted great. The grits in particular were cooked and flavored perfectly. All in all an awesome brunch spot in NoDa. We will definitely return!
4	Our friends all gave this place rave reviews, so we finally gave it a try. It totally lived up to the hype. There were several drinks on special, which gave everyone something to sip on while we waited for a table. Those pesto brie fries are so so yummy. It got a bit loud as the night wore on, which made it difficult to have a conversation, but otherwise atmosphere was nice and food was great.
5	My sister and I stumbled upon the crepe cellar on our mini food tour.  We shared a banana and nutella crepe, which was the most amazing and simple dish!  The bananas were the perfect consistency and the nutella was the perfect temperature.  The waitress was a bit slow, but she was very pleasant.  Free street parking.
4	We went here for dinner this weekend and the wait was about an hour and fifteen minutes, we were able to put our name in and they would just send us a text letting us know our table was ready which is pretty great. That meant we could leave and go to another place for a drink if we had wanted to. Luckily there was room at the bar for us so we ordered a drink and the pesto fries appetizer while we waited. The fries were delicious and the pesto was amazing. So good I decided to order the pesto pasta as my entree and I am so glad I did. The pasta sauce was also very creamy which I loved. My husband ordered the fish and chips and tried a few bites of it as well, it was great with wonderful flaky crust. Their tartar sauce was amazing. My best friend ordered their burger which I didn't try because I don't eat beef but she said it was delicious. I will be going here again in the future.
5	Love, love this place! Have eaten here several times and have never been disappointed. First and most importantly, coffee is served in an individualized French press, perfectly brewed. Delicious. Service is impeccable. I've had both dinner and dessert crepes. All are wonderful. Also have had salads and a wonderful southern okra soup that is absolutely exceptional. This is a "must visit" for anytime in Charlotte. Located in the NODA area, this restaurant is one of many go-to establishments for the adventurous.
5	Hands down my fave place to go for date night or birthday celebration. I adore the food. The pesto fries are amazing. The fish specials are so yummy. I've also split a flat bread pizza - those are great too. We actually ended up there one night with the kid and it even worked out. They were super fast to get everything out. Seating is limited but cozy. Oh, get the nutella crepe wrapped brownie. SO GOOD.
5	We had a small wedding in April and came to Crepe Cellar for dinner after with our families. The food was delicious, and service was attentive. Everyone enjoyed both the appetizers and the main courses (even the picky eaters!).
5	They have great crepes, friendly service, and great beer.
4	Crepes, delicious crepes. Savory and sweet! And great beers on tap or if you prefer it, French press coffee.Mrs. K and I popped in here on our way to north Charlotte and we were very pleased. She absolutely raved about the Crepe Suzette that she demolished while my crepe with duck confit and caramelized shallots was absolutely excellent. One pot of French press between us was enough to chase away the spiderwebs.Great service, not too busy when we stopped in, and excellent food. All we need now is better parking!
5	"Woohoo, as good as it gets!" is on the money for me when it comes to Crepe Cellar. I love this place and I seriously daydream about it often and get excited whenever its in the mix as a dinner option. To start, its got a great personality - its dimly lit, the decor is intimate and personable as the place itself is more on the smaller side. Because it is on the smaller side, sometimes there is a wait. However, it is nice that they take your number to text you so you can pop on over to a nearby bar to grab a drink and be alerted when you're about to be in for a treat!Okay, let me state the obvious - Pesto Brie Fries. Do not ever not order these. They should always be ordered, no matter how many times you have had them. I love fries, I love cheese, and I love pesto and the mix of all three, my goodness, phenomenal. They have never had an 'off day' or come out soggy or lacking in toppings, they are just always fantastic and worth eating your weight in fries. The rest of the menu is just as fantastic. We have tried quite a few things off the menu and I have thoroughly enjoyed them all. Its one of those places where I could order my favorite thing over and over but I legitimately want to try everything. Their dinner crepes are well sized and stuffed and are very good, as are their pizzas.They have changing specials and these are aaaalways SO delicious. I have tried their swordfish and a PBR bacon mussels option and I enjoyed them so much, I went home to try and find/pathetically recreate the recipes. (I have yet to succeed in this endeavor). I am anxiously looking forward to the short rib option, as last time they were out - so I will clearly need to return soon for this. As for dessert, somehow, I have yet to have a dessert crepe here - I dont know how as I love crepes and I love dessert, so something is wrong here and I'll fix this soon. Point is, this place is truly 'as good as it gets.' Their waitstaff is attentive, polite, timely, and truly interested in their customers and that is a huge plus. The food is so delicious and I want to try everything and so should you. Now, go. Don't forget to order the fries. ::drools a little::
5	I ordered a seasonal crepe, which currently contains Irish cream, bananas, and some other pieces of heaven I can't remember with vanilla bean ice cream on the side!Because I wasn't feeling too hungry, I only went in for a desert crepe and split with a friend. However, the food there sounds amazing, and I definitely plan on going back with an empty stomach and trying out more things on their menu!The place is a bit small but has a nice ambiance. I think it would be a great place to consider for a date night.
3	The chef keeps changing so one day it will be good and then you go back and  the same item sucks
5	We went to Crepe Cellar for brunch/lunch. Arrived a little before opening time and was seated quickly when the doors opened. We sat at the bar. Ordered waters and the burger and the Queen City crepe. Both were delicious. The burger was cooked perfectly.  We would definitely recommend this restaurant for it's food and atmosphere.
5	What a lovely spot! A group of about 8 of us went to Crepe Cellar last night for dinner. The place is a little small, but that is one of my favorite things about this place. Since it's on the small side we had to wait for a 6 and a 4 top to be ready to accommodate us so we went to Growlers next door (both owned by the same people)  and grabbed some drinks while we waited for a our tables to be ready. I had yellow fin tuna special and my sister had the mussels, and my goodness both where out of this world! The yellow fin crepe was amazing, deliciously spicy but perfectly cooked and balanced. The mussels melted in my mouth and the garlic was not over powering but perfect, oh god I'm thinking about the sauce and bread and I need to go back right now. This place is perfect for date night or just meeting up with a friend, or just go and eat yourself into a nap.
3	Nice atmosphere with very good service.  Interesting menu.  Not just creeps.  Not a fan of buckwheat flour which is what all their savory creeps are made from.    I had the ham and guryere creep which need something else to make it different.  I can make ham and cheese at home.  Fries were over cooked.  I will try it again because they have lovely ingredients.  Sam P.
3	Awesome Brie fries are to die for. Crepes were just good, nothing great. Freshly made, good ingredients, and tastes just nothing really outstanding. The Queen City crepe was tasty, the daily special crepe not so much. They have daily specials on both beer wine and food. Only seats about 80 max, but is cozy, not crowded.  We would probably go back, but order different things.
1	My husband and I are regulars at Crepe Cellar and Growler's. He recently ordered take-out and his credit card was over-charged by almost 50% more than he signed. He has called and left his name/number for the manager three (3!) times over four days and has not gotten a call back, let alone a refund. Given this recent experience, we will likely take a break from your establishments. We would appreciate a call back.
5	Not even surprised that this restaurant has close to 200 reviews and all are positive ratings. This tiny euro pub is one of the most pleasant restaurants I've discovered in a while. The atmosphere is romantic and dimly lighted located in the NODA district. Perfect for date nights or ladies night. The servers are always nice and they make sure you have a great dining experience. They serve more than just crepes too. You should definitely order a desert crepe otherwise you'll miss out!
5	First you are greeted and made to feel very much at home when you arrive. Then you partake in the most flavorful and delicious food! Fresh ingredients make the food so amazing! The Brie and pesto fries and the brussel sprouts with arugula pesto are my favorites! The crepes are delicate and flavorful and just superb. We tried the ham and gruyere and spinach and mushroom crepes.  I can't wait to return and try some other delicious meals here!!
5	Grits...great. French Toast...fantastic. Customer Service...charming and memorable. I can't wait to come back!
4	Since I'm review #193, I'll keep it short-ish. We ventured in on a Friday evening; I'd always pictured more of a bakery inside, but it was the cutest, quaintest restaurant with candles lining the window, cozy lighting, and a comfy bar, which is where we sat.We started with the Brussels sprouts - the whole reason we went - and they were divine. For dinner, the fella got the fish and chips, which were way too big for the plate they came on! He said it was pretty tasty. I got the ham and Gruyere cheese crepe, which had a sweet maple drizzle on top... yum. Then we had to get the nutella and banana crepe. The fella got one bite, which I thought was very generous of me. I'm not always a crepe fan since they usually seem too heavy or too light, but Crepe Cellar is just right. I hate that it took us this long to get there, and now I can't wait to go again!
4	You had me at buckwheat! I am a nut for buckwheat, and really anything that goes above and beyond flour. Flour is blah. Buckwheat is so nutritious and full of minerals and fiber, and let's not forget it's totally delicious! My friend ranted a raved a little about this place, setting it up with quite the lofty praise that "everything there is good". My jaded and suspicious heart (which has yet to get over the disappointment of the Blair Witch Project hype) immediately began looking for ways to prove her wrong. ...... Then I saw "buckwheat" on the menu. In fact all of the crepes are made with buckwheat. ..Squee!I hemmed and hawed and landed on the turkey, apple, brie crepe and the slaw. I don't normally like slaw, but something (fate!?) led me to order it. And I beheld it. And I tasted it. And it was glorious. All of it. The crepe was delicious and just the right serving size. The slaw was a red (purple?) cabbage with just the right liquid mixture. i could eat that slaw every day. My companion had one of the sandwiches, but requested it on a crepe. They'll do that, because they're awesome. She also ordered the pesto fries. As far as I could tell, her meal was thoroughly enjoyed. The pesto fries had a great taste and are definitely a dish to share. They are, however, slightly too salty and soggy for me to say I love them. I can only recommend them and hope that the s&s concern is shared by others and will be fixed in the future.Mixed drinks were good. Food was good. Buckwheat was delicious. Truly "everything there is good". I do have to warn you that the place is really loud. The sound carries very strangely in some of the old warehouse-ish buildings. I could hear the guy diagonal from me and 5 feet away better than I could hear my friend across from me. Expect a lot of shouting and for your conversation to be overheard by your neighbors.
