4	In a city seriously lacking in good barbeque joints, this one made me laugh, cry, and get homesick all at the same time. Awsome rib tips, fried okra as good as my grandmother makes, and brisket that melts in your mouth. The sauce is spicy and sweet, the way it should be, and the sweet tea will send you into a diabetic coma, so be prepared.The place is a dive (as it should be) so don't go expecting the Ritz.
4	Down home, comforting and above else yummy! The food here goes right to your soul and your waistline! Tried just about everything on the menu as we went with our chef friend who LOVES to try the while menu at places! Highlights..Rib tips (mmm, gristle!)BrisketGreensYamsCabbagePotato SaladBanana PuddingSweet Potato PieAll the meats are smothered in a tangy sweet sauce which is very good but should be asked for on the side. This place is really inexpensive and done very well!
5	Last night, the plan was to hit up Pizzeria Bianco. That plan didn't work out, and we ended up at Stacy's. I have never been so glad to have plans not work out. The place is teeny tiny, but you can smell the meat the minute you get out of the car and that is enough to know that you made the right decision to come here. The menu is pretty extensive for such a small place, with several meat selections, a laundry list of sides, and oddball drinks you haven't seen in awhile, like Orange Crush and grape koolaid. Everything is ala carte and cheap. We had a hard time deciding what to get because everything just sounded and looked so good. Since there were only two of us, we settled on splitting a BBQ chicken sandwich, two pieces of fried chicken, greens, BBQ beans and cheddar biscuits. Everything was so great, I could have easily been happy with just one of those items. The biscuits were okay, but I didn't expect them to be sweet. If you like BBQ and good southern comfort food, you'll love Stacy's. I can't wait to try the rest of the menu!
5	Are you sitting down? Stacy's fried chicken is better than LoLo's. Now, I know it's hard to believe, but it's true. Thin savory coating on crispy skin, and the moistest, tenderest white meat I have ever had. EVER. I needed napkins to wipe the juice off my face, people. I almost gave them 5 stars for that alone.We also got a 1/2 pound of brisket- thin, delicious slices of moist and smoky goodness. If Bobby Q's brisket is our 10, Stacy's is a 9. The sauce is also very very good. Southern boy Hubby needed him some fried okra which he liked a lot in spite of the fact that they served it with a cornmeal coating when he prefers the breading. Having come off a high from Fez's sweet potato fries the other night, he had to have some of those, too. His conclusion: Fez has no competition there. Stacy's were tasty for sure, but Fez's were much crispier and not so sweet that they "took the sweet out of my grape kool-aid." My mac & cheese tasted home-made, but had a tad more Velveeta than I care for. The sweet tea was sweet, but still not LoLo's sweet (which is complete saturation). We got a red velvet cake to go which I just got up to taste. LoLo's has a little better flavor (Hubby - who was a chemist for years- thinks they use a better grade red food dye), but Stacy's is moister. We are so going back to try everything else. Stacy's is a real diamond in a rough neighborhood.UPDATE: We've tried more. The beef sandwich: outrageous; the fried corn: yummo; the rib tips: delish; the cole slaw: one of the best in town; the black eyed peas: so much better than the band; the pecan pie: on par with my own (I used to manage a bakery). Stacy's rocks! Bumpin' it up to 5 stars.
3	The building is a purple cube with BARBEQUE sorta spray painted on the side. Barely a hint of the goodness inside.Once we walked in the door we saw the CASH ONLY sign. After digging through my pockets and coming up with $15 we laid down the order. Stacy - himself, came up and asked what we're going do. Pork Ribs. A couple of pieces of the chicken, which they note is the specialty....Noting the absence of a cold beer I inquired "do you mind if we drink some beer" - a quick reply was "I don't care what you drink as long as you're eatin here!!" - a quick dash across the street to CIRCLE K was in order, and voila - BYOB!I have to say that after reading about the chicken I was disappointed that the breading seemed so thick making the chicken greasier than I anticipated after reading other reviews here. Could've been an off day for Stacy but I wouldn't trade it for LoLo's. I will try again and give 4 stars if its better next time.On the other hand, the 1/2 slab of pork ribs arrived. With ZERO exaggeration I would say there is at least 3x the amount of meat on them compared to Honey Bear's. They were fallin off the bone good, the sauce was sweet, delicious, although I prefer a little more heat personally.BOTTOM LINE: Tasty finger lickn' Barbecue
4	So I was going to china chili for lunch and on the way I passed this purple square building with bbq graffed all over it, naturally I hit my e-brake and made a u-turn straight out of the movie bullit. The place is a hole but the people who cook there truly love bbq, I got the ribs and a pulled pork sandwich with some purple drink (grape for the white kids)  to wash it down with. The ribs were dope for sure, my pork sandwich was aight but didn't hold a candle to the ribs. I like this place allot there are some service issues, but  when I left the bbq master was outside he yelled "hot did you like the Q" I smiled and threw him some thumbs. (i guess you had to be there)
4	Tried this place on whim the other day. I could smell the BBQ from Indian School Road as I was driving by and it smelled great so I turned around and tried it. I was a little frustrated to see that it was cash only and I only had about 12 bucks on me. I ordered the pork sandwich, sweet fries, and a coke and the total was around 10 bucks. The lunch took forever. I came in at 1, and didnt get my sandwich and fries until 1:25 so understand they are slow cookers. I thought the fries were delicious, and something I'd never had before... I'd had sweet potato fries, but never with cinnamon and it was definitely a welcome change. The sandwich was tasty, and while a bit small, was definitely worth the stop. If you have a big appetite, I'd recommend ordering two of them as one just didn't do the trick. It's a small, clean place with great food.No alcohol, no credit cards, and only one restroom make it tricky. But what do you expect with the space they are working with?
5	I paid another visit to Stacy's last weekend, and I just have to say...if this place were any better, I think i'd have to move in. We tried a couple more items this time- spicy BBQ on the chicken sandwich, mashed taters and gravy, fried okra, and mac n cheese. The spicy BBQ isn't really spicy, but it has more flavor than the regular sauce. The mashed taters and gravy were awesome- no boxed potato flakes here. The skins are still on, and the gravy is perfectly seasoned. The fried okra was so good that I could probably be convinced to eat anything Stacy put in front of me. I hate okra. Ok, I thought I hated okra. The mac n cheese is to die for, but only if you aren't watching your girlish figure. (or mannish, whatever) There's a ton of butter in this, and it's probably the best mac n cheese i've ever had. I always leave Stacy's feeling a little giddy because the food is so good. It isn't quick, but it's totally worth it.
5	Stacy is a really cool cat.  Even if he "don't know nuthin' about no internet".  He asked me how I found out about the place, since he has only been there for 6 months.  Stacy tells me he has no computer and absolutely can NOT believe there are people out there yelping about him.I told him about reviews I had read and he kept saying "people write that shit about me?"  I told him about someone being told they could bring in beer and about some cool customer service that was laid on some others.Stacy was cooking up some etouffee - not on the menu - but he brought some over for us to taste.  It was out of this world...shrimp, crawdads, yum.  He said he was making it up for a catered event he was doing.  He used to make it at the soul food restaurant he ran, and it was a special request.  Then he brought us a fried catfish sample, then fried pickles (not a fan).Between the ribs and pulled pork we got - and the love & samples that kept pouring from the kitchen - we had more than enough food and ended up taking a lot of it home.Lisa took care of us and she was great.  She spent the time humorously trying to explain the Stacy about the computer, yelp and his reviews.  It created a great family atmosphere.It's not a fancy place by any means, we're talking rib shack, and it was a bit hot.  Bottom line - it's not the best bbq I've ever had...but this is not exactly a city people think of when they think bbq.  And for the prices, hospitality, and genuine wit...it can't be beat.I'll be back and bring friends - it's just downright fun there!
4	I went back. Had the chicken again. It was much better and now Stacy get's four.. count em.... four Stars!
5	My peeps came in from ATL and aked me have I been to Stacy's. I told him naw, I catch him with the mobile truck after clubs some nights but never been to the spot. We get to the place and I asked was he serious with the cute purple decor? Let me just tell you the food in the shop is way more appetizing than catching him on the late night.... Stop by everything is good....
4	This place is that hole in the wall that you are surprised and delighted how good the food after your first mouthwatwering bite.  It is a definite find.  My favorite thing on the menu is the BBQ brisket sandwich with a side of sweet potato's soaked in some sugary juice that I think includes brown sugar, maple syrup, and vanilla extract.  The sweet potato's are like eating candy.  The brisket is freshly baked and his sauce is more sweet than smokey, is homemade, and is out of this world.  The food is very high quality which you'd never expect.  Try is out and you'll thank me later.   BTW...they only accept cash.  I went on a date and had to leave and go to the ATM across the street to get cash so I could pay.
4	Top notch pork bbq--- holds me over when I can't be in NC.  So tender, crsipy edges included.....and having the warm bbq sauce added at the end is great.  Right next to the 51 so easy stop if you turn on the street at the east side of the purple building.  And CASH ONLY (so I only had the yum sandwich and no sides)
3	Stacy's Smokehouse is delicious. I tried it today with a friend for lunch. After eating there, I'm not sure why it isn't completely packed out during lunch. I ordered the BBQ Beef Brisket sandwich, it came double-wrapped and full of juicy deliciousness. You know when you get the best part of the brisket? A mix of crispy bits and shredded pieces? It's that. Plus lots of tasty smokey BBQ sauce, tucked into a fresh bun. I ordered the large, and it was the perfect size. My friend ordered the small BBQ Chicken Sandwich and was quite pleased with hers. (For the difference in size, think large Costco hamburger bun and the small was more like a McDonald's hamburger bun size.) Hers was small chunks of chicken swimming in BBQ sauce. As far as the ambiance goes, think of a mix between Lo-Lo's and Carolina's.
4	Stacy's Smokehouse came recomended and it lived up to thier words.  Nicole at the front was friendly and helpful with making the correct choices...go big, because you'll come back for more if you don't.  The onion rings and bbq pork sandwich were delicous and I'll be looking to come back again soon.
4	Having spent a couple of years living in Texas, I've had my share of barbecue.  So, when Stacy's Smokehouse was recommended for lunch today, I wondered how it would stack up.  All in all, it lived up to my high expectations.  The BBQ beef was tender and the sauce was just the right level of tangy.  The onion rings were great and I was surprised to see Red Beans and Rice offered on the menu, which made a tasty (albeit caloric and unnecessary) addition to the meal.  No need to travel to the Lone Star State for good barbecue.  They're serving it up right here, on Indian School Road.
4	I moved here from KC so I am a BBQ lover. This place reminds me of some of the joints I missed. Good food for sure. And the atmosphere...
4	BBQ pork sandwich and the fried okra were delicious.  BBQ sauce was a tad on the sweet side but otherwise had some nice complex smokey flavors.  Okra coated in cornmeal was crunchy on the outside contrasting perfectly to the moist interior.  The sweet potato fries were disappointing - soggy and too sweet - would have preferred the use of salt instead of sugar to bring out the natural sweetness.Decor's minimal but clean.  Service is friendly although a bit slow but worth the wait.
5	Drove by so many times. Tonight, I stopped, good idea.
4	BRING CASH!!  just wanted to get that out of the way.  I  didn't catch it when I was reading reviews so now you know. We will definitely be back to Smokehouse. Although not much for decor , this little building serves big flavor.We loved the Pull Pork , Brisket Sandwich, Fried Chicken and my new favorite , smoked corn . Delicious! We went about dinnertime and there was lots of room and pretty fast service.
5	I cannot believe that I haven't reviewed Stacy's yet. This place is amazing.You will be convinced as soon as you step out of the car and smell the smoking meat filling the parking lot with a salivating aroma.It is small, sparse decor, skimpy tables and chairs, but the food makes up for it. The fried chicken, made fresh when you order so it takes a while, is probably the best that I have ever had. The bbq sandwiches are awesome, too. The fried okra and fried pickles are fantastic. The menu is extensive, bbq sandwiches, bbq ribs, chicken, beef, pork, fried catfish and fried chicken. There are a ton of sides, okra, beans, collard greens, mashed potatoes, fried pickles and more. It is way too hard to order just a couple. And you can wash it all down with some sweet tea, or Kool-Aid or an Orange Crush in a bottle. If you are still hungry, you can have some red velvet cake or another homemade dessert.For some bad ass southern comfort food, it doesn't get any better than this. Forget about all the other bbq places. Stacy's is the only one you need to know. And bring cash, no debit or credit cards are accepted.
4	I liked Stacy's.I guess I was hoping for more from the small shack-like building. It was Saturday after lunch but before dinner and there were a few of us there eating. I asked a little bit about a "combo" type meal and pretty much was cold shouldered. He said no but did not offer to expand on that at all. It is not like the menu is reader friendly. Like what is Stacy Style? I wasn't about to ask.Beside the unwelcoming greeting,  The food looked good. There was a good flavor to the pulled pork but disappointed by the lack of pre order knowledge. I would have preferred to know the sandwich is a wet style. In fact there was another guy there who sent the ribs back because they were drowning in sauce. There was a good 4-6 oz of meat on a small hamburger bun. The sandwich was good, the sauce was good, the cream soda was great. lolI will be back but will be asking more questions before I order. I want to try fried corn. Man customer service goes a long way. I would normally give a 3 for today's review but I feel optimistic.
4	Took Mamang (grandma), my two cousins Melissa and Monique, and I to Stacy's yesterday and had ourselves a great BBQ meal!  $30 (w/ tax and tip) bought us some very tasty treats:1 pork sandwich1/2 pound of rib tips8 oz. coleslawsweet yamslarge sweet friesred beans and ricecorn breadWhile we enjoyed the rib tips, we thought there was more value to the pork in the sandwich.  Most of the weight in the 1/2 lb. rib tips were bone and fatty tissue w/c I refuse to ingest (marbled fat is hard to trim, but visible fat I trim off and that fat I can distinguish texturally with the glorious oral muscle we call the tongue I, hopefully w/ grace, discard off to the side).  The coleslaw and yams were excellent!  Melissa didn't think the gorgeous coleslaw had mayonnaise.  The sweet fries were soggy and greasy- next time I'll pass.  The dish of red beans and rice was very good, but a little too salty.  Easily amendable, and I'd order it again!  My cousins and Grandma said the cornbread was good, but Monique would've liked more crunchiness in the bread (she takes after me).  For her second piece, she requested a corner slice, w/c, and I realized just at this moment, Stacy graciously provided by baking a fresh batch!  I'll have to remember to thank him especially for this gesture the next time I visit.  While the rest of us had iced water (I recommend not to drink when the ice has melted... nasty!), Monique had the sweet tea, w/c I had a sip.  Good, but too sweet for me (or perhaps I was just saving my calories for the delicious feast I knew was in store!).Tangentially, we appreciated how nice and warm it was inside, but I can imagine how hot this smokehouse can get in the late spring, summer, and fall!
5	AMAZING barbecue! This little hole-in-the-wall is as real as it gets. Meaty, smoky pork ribs served piping hot and slathered in a perfect barbecue sauce, crispy fried okra and pickles, juicy and flavorful fried chicken, and delicious corn -- smoked, for an interesting earthy flavor, or deep fried, for an unusual indulgence. The service is friendly and the cost affordable. This stuff was so good that I had to smuggle some on the plane home for my fiance. If you're down for some authentic, homestyle barbecue, ditch the pretentious mass-produced ribs at your local chain restaurant and head to Stacy's. This is serious barbecue!
4	Ok....this is along the line of the 3 D's...Diners,, Drive Inns.and Dives. When I think of some of the best Bar B Que I have had, it has been in some really off the wall spots. Well Stacy's is that kind of place. It's the "Real Thang". Stacy is a classical "Pit Boss" and Nicole is the front end Diva.This is real Bar B Que. Had the pulled pork sandwich, tender, sweet and soft. Then, I got hungrier and had to have the Beef Brisket. Man this is some of the tenderest beef I have ever had! Well, I had a chance to talk and tour the restaurant at which time, Stacy tells me he has a Bar B Que sauce for Diabetics. Well, yes....I am diabetic and probably should not have had the regular sauce...but every once in a while I "gotta" have the real thing. His Bar B Que Diabetic Sauce is almost as good as his regular sauce. I mean it!!!!!!Side orders....I had to have the sweet potatoe fries. I like Fez's better but his are all natural, with cinnamon and Brown Sugar. They have a lot of sides because besides being a BBq place,he's really know for Soul food. Tomorrow I'm going to consetrate on sides.....and he has fried chicken to die for.Anyway....I'm going to give this 4 stars. Only wish it had a bit more personality inside. He's getting there. Go try it!!!!!!
5	BBQ is one of my favorites and Stacy's is one of the best that I have had in Phoenix.  I have driven by Stacy's many times and never would have thought to stop in until today when a friend suggested that we meet there for lunch.  I regret that I never stopped in sooner.   This is a real BBQ shack!  Stacy the proprietor is a character and a great cook. I had the BBQ brisket and hotlinks along with homemade coleslaw.  The brisket was tasty and tender.  The hotlinks where char grilled and smothered in bbq sauce.   If you are a BBQ fan Stacy's is a must!!!!
4	Noticed this place on the way to an appointment this evening and decided to stop in for quick dinner time meal.  Ordered the "small" pulled pork BBQ sandwich, along with a side of cole slaw and beans.  No beer was available so I ordered an iced tea.Service was of the "man of few words" variety, gruff but not unpleasant.  I grabbed a table and sat down to read a magazine and the food was brought out to my table a few minutes later.  The "small" sandwich was piled almost 2" high with meat, and turned out to be plenty to eat in one sitting.  Tasty with enough sauce, meat was just a little on the stringy side, but I prefer that over mush-meat.  Lawd knows why most of the BBQ places in town serve up their sandwiches on a weak-ass flimsy white bread bun, and Stacy's was no exception.  I think it would really improve the sandwiches if they switched to a higher quality piece of bread to match the meat.  The iced tea didn't really have but a few ice cubes in it,  which normally creates a problem.  This time it was just cold enough and the styrofoam cup kept it from warming up too much.  I dislike paying full drink prices for what amounts to a cupful of ice as much as the next guy, but ya gotta have *some* solid coolant, come on.The cole slaw and beans were decent, I think I actually prefer the ones at Honey Bear BBQ, but that's just me.  I am not a BBQ gourmet by any stretch of the imagination. Total came to $9.50 for everything, and I felt like it was a good value.  I will stopping in here again for BBQ next time I'm in the area.
4	Lord Have Mercy!I finally stopped in after my stomach was grumbling this evening. I'm no stranger to BBQ nor soul food, so I was ready to go once I walked in to this joint. The menu offerings are displayed upon a chalkboard behind the counter. It consisted of your typical smoked meats, sides, desserts and beverage offerings. They offer their meats in either 1/2 lb. or Full Pound. Their sides are offered in 8 oz sizes, with some sides such as Potato salad, coming in either smaller or larger sizes. I bellied up to the counter and went for Gusto. I ordered 1/2 lb. beef brisket, 8 oz Mac & Cheese, Peach Cobbler and a Sweet Iced Tea. The pleasant lady behind the counter had her hands full with counter orders as well as the telephone ringing of the hook for takeout orders. She politely asked me to have a seat and she'd bring my drink out to me. The sweet tea was definitely sweet. Just like Gran used to make. 15 minutes later I was graced with the order of brisket, smothered in a sweet, slightly tangy BBQ sauce, and my side of Mac & Cheese. Both were piping hot. When the gentleman brought it out, he asked if I wanted my cobbler hot or cold. A nice touch. I ate my supper, and cleaned my plate. They brought out my dessert after I was done. The only reason I took a star off was because I was a little unimpressed with the Cobbler. The flavor was there, but it was a bit "wet". There was a  very thin sugary syrup that was on the first 1/2 inch of the bowl of cobbler. But once I dug in, it was gone, wet or not. I did like the fact that even though this is a place where you order at the counter, there was still some dining room presence. A young lady came around in between orders and asked if we needed anything, and offered me a refill on my Iced Tea. This place will definitely see my ugly face again. It's a solid, neighborhood BBQ joint that has a decent selection, and the prices are very fair. Don't forget, CASH ONLY!!
4	I finally visited this place this afternoon for lunch. YUM! I got the pulled pork sandwich and a side of mac and cheese. The pulled pork was excellent, juicy and tender with great flavor. A small sandwich was the perfect size for lunch!  Prices were good and service was fast!The mac and cheese was not so good. Next time I will ask what the best side to get is. I will definitely be back. Mac and cheese is hit or miss anywhere and with the huge selection of sides, one of them has to be the "house speciality".I would definitely recommend this place to anyone in the area looking for some tasty BBQ.
2	Word... that's best way I can say it... I've had better. I really had crazy high hopes for Stacy's. Pulling up to the former corner store, I could smell the smoke in the air and felt my hopes rise even further away from me. I wasn't sure what I was expecting, but I knew I wanted it to be good. Walkin' in, I saw the "They love on YELP" sticker and was so glad. Stacy's is good and unfortunatly... he knows it. We looked over the sign and wasn't sure what to get. My mom ordered the small beef sandwich with onion rings. I started to order, but then stopped my self and was given a smart ass remark from the cashier. My bad... dang. Ummm let me get the large pork sandwich with sweet fries and small cole slaw and grape kool-aid. Our order came to nearly $20 For a simple lunch!!We waited and sat and heard some slimely businessmen talking about titties, cigars and cars... *shudder* overhearing their conversation made me regret being straight. gag. Our food was brought to our table and I was... underwhelmed. The fries looked limp and lifeless, like they were rememnts from the past lunch hour. not at all cruncy or flavorfull... besides the sugary cinammon sprinkled atop them. The sandwich was okay... but just okay. It reminded me of manwhich with extra liquid smoke. the cole slaw was uninspired (Who knew cole slaw needed inspiration?) It needed heavy doses of pepper and a kick of salt to be decent. The Kool-Aid was too sweet to drink and I wound up chugging a third of it before adding some water to it and then was able to ward off diabetic coma for that day. My mom liked her sandwich but didn't like that it was SOO small! She was really disappointed but liked the flavor and wanted more. She also liked her onion rings, I had a couple and they were good. I want to give it another go. Because so many people liked it, it has to be good... right?! It could have been a bad day or something, I'm really hoping it was. Because based off of my experience... best BBQ in the city?? Hardly!
2	This place was a real let down. I was really looking forward to trying Stacy's and am completely disappointed. I ordered the rib tips and string beans and my boyfriend ordered the hotlinks, coleslaw, and sweet tea. We shared an order of fried pickles. The sweet tea was old and had that weird old sweet tea aftertaste. We didn't let it phase us and were still looking forward to the meal. The fried pickles came out with no sauce, we asked for and were given 2 ramekins of ranch. The waitress came back to the table and told us the charge was 50 cents. My teeth are still aching from the rib tips- they were practically inedible. Instead of the juicy hotlinks that I'd imagined, we got burnt, dry links that were absolutely SWIMMING in sauce. And they didn't give us any bread! I did enjoy my string beans and my boyfriend's coleslaw was tasty as well. First and last time at Stacy's.
4	Delicious barbeque served with sass.  The best greens and mac and cheese I've had since moving to Phoenix!  The pies are also wonderful.  I'm a vegetarian, so I stick to the sides, but my friends really enjoy the meat here.
2	I just got back from eating lunch at Stacy's.  They offer a pretty extensive variety of items on their menu and we ordered a nice sample of the goods--fried tilapia, fried catfish, rib tips, fried okra/pickles, yams, fries, greens, potato salad, rice and gravy, and sweet potato pie!  I was so excited to find out this place had rib tips because I love sinking my teeth into that yummy cartilage, but the cartilage was slightly overcooked and the meat was kind of chewy.  The fish had an overly fishy flavor to it and the greens were a bit on the salty side.  Suprisingly, the sauces they served with the items came in packets!  We would have thought that the hot sauce and tartar sauce might have been house-made, but it was just the cheap kind from the packet.  The yams were incredibly sweet as was the pie.  The best items were the potato salad and french fries, but I don't go to a BBQ joint just to eat the sides.Overall, I probably wouldn't go back here since there are always other BBQ places I could try.  Nothing really was wow.... so another one bites the dust.  :(
4	ok so visiting Phoenix for the weekend and was about to go to another BBQ joint and decided to check it out on Yelp. Found nothing but bad reviews and one of those directed you to Stacy's. We went and it didn't disappoint. The only downfall is that they had run out of pork ribs (we went about 5 ish). So we sampled most everything else. Beef back ribs, falling off the bone. Honestly I've never liked beef ribs but these were so tender I felt like I was eating pork spare ribs. Serving sizes for meat were HUGE. Also ordered pork rib tips, pulled pork sandwich, hot links, and chicken. My family of 10 was very happy. Sides were also very good, mac & cheese, mashed potatoes dripping in butter with awesome homemade gravy, red beans and rice- spicy, potato salad(my mom said was the bomb and she usually only eats her own).  I also tried corn on the cob but didn't like how it turned out. Not sure if they forgot about it, but it was seriously overcooked. However, since the rest of the food was awesome I didn't ding them for it. So if you live in Phoenix area, or just passing through this tiny bbq joint is worth your while.
4	I had Stacy's for the first time this week.  Due to an appointment down there, the wife picked up some takeout, as we've been talking about trying it for awhile.  As such, I can't comment on the charms of the building, though I know it well, formerly working right across the street (unfortunately, before it was Stacy's).Anywho, we ordered the beef ribs, beef brisket and some mac n' cheese.  As a treat, the wife was a doll and got me some grape kool-aid as well.  First, the beef ribs, I opened up the container and the meat was already falling off the bone, that's how tender the meat was.  The sauce was delicious and I would not hesitate to order these again.  I only had a sampling of brisket and also enjoyed this as well, good flavor and nice and tender.  The mac n cheese was fantastic though, perfectly cooked macaroni...plus it was like cheese explosion in my mouth, which is never a bad thing.  The kool aid was a little bit watered down, but I blame that more on the drive home then on the establishment.  The only negative was that I wasn't brought any of the red velvet cake that looks so good on their website, however the wife said that one she saw when she was there did not look good.  Gives me a reason to go back though, right?I give Stacy's four stars, but if able, I'd probably give it 4.5.  I would not be surprised to see the ranking go up to 5 stars on the next visit if the red velvet cake is good.
4	I'd really rather give this place 3.5 stars but I decided to bump it up instead of bring it down because the food was really quite good.  I had the pulled pork which I really enjoyed but thought it was a bit fatty.  I also had some sweet potato fries which were excellent but they were given to me inside a paper bag.  That just makes them so unappetizing.  Oh well, it was still good.  Be ware - they only do cash.
4	I just love BBQ.  There aren't a whole lot of places that do BBQ either, strangely enough.  We've driven by the tiny purple building a handful of times, but we've never stopped in.  A few weeks ago, we did.  I surveyed the tantalizing chalkboard menu only to be disturbed by the husband who told me cash only.  UGH!  Better luck next time.  We came by again this weekend with cash in hand, we were prepared.There's so much on the menu that looks good to me, but I know my stomach is only so big.  I narrowed it down to a 1/2 pound of brisket, a medium cole slaw, and a medium mac and cheese.  The brisket was quite delicious and juicy, but I wished it had more BBQ sauce.  The sauce is delicious!  I will just ask for extra next time.  The cole slaw was nice.  The veggies were sliced really thin, the dressing was light with a little bit of tang and a little bit of pepper.  The mac and cheese was pretty yummy.  It was really thick and creamy and the noodles weren't overcooked.There is so much more that I would love to try here, so I will definitely be back.  What they say is true, they do have the best smelling parking lot!
5	Well, anyplace that gives me reason to shovel food into my face until I feel like I'm going to explode is worthy of 5 stars. Brisket: nice mix of fatty/crispy.Ribs: Hubby-approved.Smoked chicken: moist, meaty, rich.Fried okra: Oh, YUM. Loved the crunchy cornbread coating. And the fact that it turned the paper bag transparent on the drive home...that just means it's good for me, right?Mac/Cheese: Never would have thought to slather the stuff in butter, but boy oh boy that made it yummy. Greens: nice and salty.Not too expensive for a BBQ place...looking forward to trying the rest of the menu. I'm so glad I tried this place!
4	Went to a party where they had Stacy's cater it. So good-- it was the BBQ beef, BBQ pork and BBQ chicken.  All of them were fantastic but I enjoyed the pork best, which is odd b/c I am not typically a fan of pork.Anyhow, it was all perfectly moist, well seasoned and was a big hit at the party.  I would order from them for catering and I need to stop into the actual restaurant sometime to try the other items on the menu.
5	Congrats to Stacy you made top 10 new BBQ in Bon App'etit magazine! Kudos to you! Do what you do Stacy, do what you do!Here's the link check it out.http://www.bonappetit.com/magazine/2009/07/best_new_barbecue_restaurantsKeep makin those baby backs as delectable as I remember! I love the way you put the fries in the paper bag so it pulls the excess grease away and keeps them crisp. If you haven't tried Stacy's you haven't tried BBQ! YUMMY!
5	Stacy, many congrats on your well-deserved designation of one of the top 10 new BBQ joints in Bon Appetit. Today's lunch was, as always, delectable. Your pulled pork makes me smile and my tummy sing. People.....get thee to Stacy's if you have not been yet. Come hungry. Try the ribs your first time out. You will be in awe. Greens, candied yams, red beans and rice....the list goes on. It's alllllll good!
5	CASH ONLY!  Just wanted you to come prepared!  I'm a southern soul food kind of a girl - so that is what is the portion of Stacy's menu that I will be commenting on today. Catfish - could be straight out of the corner of OK where I grew up - where Amish women do the cooking. It was as damned near to perfection as I have had in a long, long time here in PHX - even survived the drive home and was just as crispy as when it was boxed up.  The greens are probably the best I've had in town - perfect combo of sweet and spicy.  The fried okra and fried pickles made my heart sing.  A great surprise was the black eyed peas - nice little zing to them and perfectly creamy - put them over rice and you have a meal!Get to this place folks - you will love it!!
3	In Short: Food was tasty but I've had much better.  In the end the experience was a letdown.I really had high hope for Stacy's, after all top ten is top ten.  Never even heard of this place before that but I I was really excited to check it out.  It's not that hard to find but it's really small so if you are not looking for it, you'll keep on driving.  First of all don't forget to take cash, no plastic what so ever.  There's maybe six table in the whole place.  Most people seems to do take out, but we decided to dine in.  The menu is a bit chaotic, written on a chalk board without any rhyme or reason.  We order a half a platter of pork and beef ribs, fried okra and pickle combo, and some slaw.  Didn't have to wait too long, about 20 mins, the food came out.  Instantly the smell was intoxicating.  Alas that was probably the best thing about the BBQ, the pork ribs were disappointing, not much flavor, too much sauce, and after a few bites my jaw was hurting.  I was surprised how tough it was to chew.  The rub on the beef bones were better but the there was hardly any meat on it, mostly caramelized sauce, another disappointment.  Probably the only highlights were the fried okra and the slaw.  None of the food was inedible, or bad for that matter but definitely had much better BBQ from less reputed restaurants.  I'm still not sure about the three stars because I wanted to be "rocked" but ended up being just "rolled."  I'm going to go again and try some of the other items before I pass final judgement.One final note, the light switch for the bathroom is on the outside wall, behind a gray electrical box, just follow the black arrow.  You'll know it when you see it.
5	I passed by it for almost a year thinking, man that place looks wacky but if it stays in business it must be good.  So I finally made it in and boy am I glad!  Their food is very good.  Meat is very smoky without feeling too dry or tasting burnt - well, it is a little dry but with a little extra sauce its perfect.  Their greens are the best I've ever had.  Its salty, but I think that's part of the appeal of soul food isn't it?  I dunno, this place is pretty tasty.  I hope they don't raise the prices though!
3	As luck would have it, I found myself outside Stacy's at 11:00 and I decided I would finally try it out.  I've read plenty about this place over the past few years, all the reviews from my fellow Yelpers, and now the Bon Appetit magazine top ten-this must be the best BBQ in Phoenix, I thought to myself.First thing that strikes you is the chalkboard menus that really don't make a lot of sense so being my first time I studied it for several minutes to see all what they offered.  I was somewhat surprised that they didn't offer combo type plates, but I can always manage to find something to shove in the ol' gullet.  Half a chicken, side of mac & cheese and a drink was just over ten bucks and as others have pointed out CASH ONLY (and there were still dumb people at the counter asking 'does that mean no debit cards??').I sat down in the very spartan dining room and thought about what the meal would be like.  I think BBQ is sort of like politics-people are very staunch in their beliefs and anything outside that just plain sucks.  While I certainly try to be open minded, I'm definitely a BBQ-means-the-art-behind-smoking-the-meat kind of gal.  Sauce should be minimal, if at all, but it appears Stacy's has a different interpretation.  There was probably a half a cup of sauce that my chicken was swimming in.  To their credit the sauce was decent and not overly sweet, I believe I tasted a hint of celery which was different.  Unfortunately since I arrived just as they opened it sure seemed like I got yesterday's leftovers.  Not that it's a bad thing necessarily, but the patrons should not be able to tell.  The chicken was drenched, likely to try and disguise it was on the dry side, and the mac & cheese had the pool of oil on top which is a tell-tale side of a reheat (anyone who's made their own mac & cheese knows what I mean).I'm on the fence as to whether I'll return to Stacy's, it is some of the better I've had in Phoenix but not great at least in my humble opinion.
1	Finally tried this place, based on the reviews here.  I don't know if we went on a off day or what, but I was not impressed.  Service was good, very friendly, however the food is another matter.  I have had alot of bbq in my time.  I am from Ohio and have eaten my fair share, this was not even close to fresh homemade bbq.  My husband and I decided to both get the smoked chicken sandwich, a side of fries, mashed potatoes and gravy and a slice of red velvet cake.  When she handed us our sandwiches she said "Take some extra sauce, the sandwiches are usually dry", extra sauce is fine, I slathered it on, but I found it strange that she put down the food right away.  It was dry and served on the most generic bun.  The sauce made up for it, I poured it on and it was good.  The best bbq chicken sandwich? I think not.  The fries were inedible.  They were gross and soggy.  The mashed potatoes were ok.  I had to scrape the gravy off the top, because it was a salty nastiness, and eat them plain.  I love gravy, I swear I think this is the first time in my life that I have not liked a gravy!  The red velvet cake was a huge disappointment.  I had envisioned something homemade and yummy.  Frankly it looked gross in the plastic container she handed me.  It was all smashed up and there was whipped cream all over the container.  Not good.....  Based on my experience here I would not go back.  I find it hard to believe that this is talked of as the best bbq in Phoenix.  I have had better bbq at chain restaurants.
4	This is a long overdue review, but after having attempted to slow grill my own ribs over weekend, I decided I needed to show appreciation for one of the masters in town.When I first noticed the funky little box of a building on Indian School a little over a year ago, I wasn't sure what it was, let alone what to expect.  After walking in to the no-frills and being ignored for a bit, I was ready to walk out.  I'm glad I changed my mind.Yes the service can be a bit slow and some times appear surely, and the decor is bare bones... but this is because they are dedicated to putting all their energy into producing the finest bbq this side of the Kansas. One can imagine places like this spread out through along the highways and small towns in the mid-west and southern states, packed with BBQ loving locals.  Once you get to the counter and get down to the business of placing your order, the service is extremely friendly and helpful (especially for a Canadian transplant, who didn't know the first thing about real BBQ culture)After getting my order home, all I could say is FAN-TAS-TIC. Smoky, tender pork ribs slathered in an amazing barbecue sauce --  sweet, with a deep yet subtle 'tang'. Frankly, I don't remember what sides I ordered, as i was lost in the meat, saucy goodness.Overall, a great experience, and while I've yet to return, I will be back one of these days.  After having tried Stacy's, all I can say is I'm a BBQ convert.  Since that fateful day, I've been busy checking out other BBQ joints as well as perfecting my own sauces and techniques (which has given me a deeper appreciation for the mastery of what Stacey and his staff do).  I'll be back.
3	So I spent the 4th of July weekend in agony.  But on the 4th, I decided I was not going to be a slave to a stomach ulcer.  I declared my Independence and headed for Stacy's.  I rolled out of the car and two things hit me...pain and the wonderful scent of the smoker.  Unfortunately, I was a little disappointed and I'm not sure it was worth suffering the consequences.We ordered a pound of pork and several sides.  The pork was good, but it was smothered in sauce.  Had my husband thought to tell me the meat is not served dry before we left, rather than on the way home, we would have gone elsewhere.  Although the sauce was really good, I judge a good BBQ by whether the meat can stand on its own merit.  The sauce should be a nice accompaniment, not the main attraction.  Perhaps I'm in the minority.  If you like it all mixed up, chances are you'll really like Stacy's.The greens were really good.  The potato salad not so much IMO because it's made with mustard.  The BBQ beans were good, but a little too sweet for me.  Cornbread is nothing special.  And at 99 cents for a small piece, I think it was definitely priced too high.I would come back for a sandwich (you need something to absorb all that sauce!) if in the neighborhood.  I would definitely come back if I could get the meat dry.  But I have to say, I still like Kinfolk's better at this point.  Sorry Stacy.  I really wanted to love you as much as everyone else does.
4	BRING LOTS OF CASH.Why? Because they only take cash and you'll want to buy lots of things when you see all the goodness on that wonderful chalk menu. The pork ribs were FANTASTIC. Yes, smothered in BBQ, but there was tons of meat, it was tender and absolutely delicious. The macaroni was soo good, red mashed potatoes with gravy and of course the baked beans. The meal wasn't complete until I ordered Kool Aid...to my surprise...PURPLE! Stacy swears it's just his favorite and he's not trying to match the building. Although I ate half a pig tonight, I am craving it already and dying to go back!!
5	I'm here at Stacy's right now and I was loving it so much I had to stop in the middle of my yelp to enjoy it. This is authentic BBQ and very worth the wait. You need cash so make sure you stop at the ATM before you go. The two of us shared a pound of rib tips and a side of sweet potato fries while I personally enjoyed a cup of tangy coleslaw and sweet, I mean sweet lemonade. The ribs were easy to pull off the bone and had extra crispy pieces I liked a lot. The BBQ sauce was amazing and had a smokey flavor so the name really says it all. The fries were sprinkled with cinnamon sugar and really could have been the dessert. For a good price we had a great meal right in the heart of central Phoenix. I can't wait to take someone else there.
5	Like a lot of people, I passed on this place for a long time because of the ghetto exterior. My loss! Stacy's is fantastic! The smoked pork sandwich is amazing as is the chicken. Even the fries exceeded my expectations. No frills, just great food for a cheap price! There is a Wells Fargo ATM across the street in case you forgot to bring cash.
4	First, bring cash.  Second, don't spend too much time deciding.  Third, order a lot. Do these things and you won't rock the boat and you will get some of the better pork in Phoenix.
2	This place is pretty bad. The mashed potatoes tasted like dirt, the sweet fries were nasty and soggy, and the macaroni was just bleh!!!! The pulled pork sandwich was jusok but nothing special at all. I don't think I will be coming back here again.
5	I went here with my foodie friends not expecting a whole lot.  I'm not that into bbq.  But this place rocked my world.  Unfortunately, it also caused me to gain a few pounds.  But it was totally worth it.  Everything, from the ribs to the sides were sinfully delicious.  I can't think of anything to improve on at this place.
2	I don't see what people like about this place.  I give you that the food it decent, but as a native to the Phoenix area, why wouldn't I just go to Honey Bears.  The bbq is so much better there.  This place is nothing special.  The only thing cool about the location is the crazy paint job on the outside.  The corn was soggy, and they make you pay for extra sauce.Can someone please explain the fascination with this addition to the Phoenix area bbq scene???
3	I am not in love with this place nor do I despise it.I am Mr. Middle-of-the Road with Stacy's.Somethings he does very well, others are just so-so.Here are the Do's and Don'ts-DO-Order a sweet potato pie to go. That happens to rock the house!Have the pulled pork sandwich. Solid sandwich.DONT--Do not and I mean DO NOT order the chicken BBQ sandwich. I ordered this a couple months ago and I could have used the shredded chicken as toothpicks. They were hard and came served in a weird cone-like shape on the bun. Also, skip the sweet potato fries. They are dry and taste like dirt. Yep, I said it. Sorry Stacy. Back to the drawing board on those.The sauce is everything at a BBQ joint and his is just OK. Actually, I have had better in a store-bought bottle from AJs.If you are in the area, go for it. If you live out in Glendale, it's probably not worth the drive. I am not sure what Bon Appetite was thinking when they gave this one of the top 10 new BBQ joints of 2009.The lady who works behind the counter is funny as hell and is a total sweetheart! BTW--CASH MONEY only!
2	He says to me, "I don't know how they do it in tn, but I know how I do it." Well then, Stacy... Bring it on. I ordered a half rack of pork ribs, a beef sandwich, and some mashed taters. I'm still not 100% sure that beef is an appropriate BBQ meat, but he seems pretty sure of himself. The portions are right. See attached photo. The sauce is a peppery spicy tomato based sauce. It's got a little sweet kick. Ok. The beef sandwich was good, not great, but good. I unfortunately got no smokey flavor from the meat, but the texture and portion made it ok. The mashed taters are exactly that... Taters that have been mashed. The gravy is a lumpy brown gravy that could probably use some sort of BBQ meat floating in it. Tastey, but nothing special. Now for the pork ribs... Dang! Where's the smoke?!? Great texture, good sauce, but no smoke!!! A "smokehouse" needs some flava. Oh well, I say that this place is a good, solid place. Big portions, good meats, but I need that sweet, sweet smoke.
4	I took a couple coworkers here and not only did we get lunch, we had an adventure. Okay, so it might not be in the best part of town, but the food is tasty enough to make it worth the trip. Besides the food, I think my favorite thing might be the several signs telling you to not put your belongings, weight, children, etc. on the ordering counter. Gotta love 'em just for that! We all know of "those people" who think it's appropriate to put their children on counters at restaurants. They're the same ones who reach their arms OVER the protective/sanitary shields in front of food so they can point to what they want. Anyhow, I had the brisket sandwich and it was delicious. The sweet potato fries were pretty darn good as well. They were a little on the skinny side, so not a lot of potato in them, but good nonetheless. I haven't met a sweet potato fry I didn't like. My friends each had ribs and since it was kind of a work lunch and we were going back to the office, they didn't want to get messy. So they tried to tackle their ribs with a knife and fork to get the meat off of the bone. The main guy came out (maybe Stacy?) and laughed and said really loud how he had never ever seen anyone eat ribs with a knife and fork. He made a big deal about it for a minute or two. Too funny - that's what you get for trying to be proper with ribs, it just doesn't work.  One guy ordered peach cobbler and it never came so he went to ask about it.  He was kind of yelled at, but eventually got it.  The customer service isn't the best, but the food sure is good. As we were leaving, a guy (who I had seen inside the restaurant) who was walking by our car, turned around and came up to our window. My friend who was driving had to ask if she should roll it down or not. She finally did, but kept moving it up and down while he was talking like it was broken. I was too busy laughing while she had to tell the already-drunk-at-noon guy we didn't have any cash for him. All in good fun. I'm pretty much always good for a crazy adventure when I go out and this was no exception. Go and check out the food. You'll enjoy it and maybe even get an adventure while you're at it. Tips: The place is small with few tables so go early or later if you can. It is CASH ONLY, so be prepared.
4	So....a vendor of mine does some business with Stacy's and we talked about how they may be able to help the Foundation I raise funds for. To get in his good graces, we went to lunch there today, my first time there. I love BBQ and after reading some reviews, I was looking forward to it.It's as good as advertised! I had the pulled pork and was tasty and juicy. My colleagues had the brisket and the ribs. Sampled a rib and it was also great. Although I had to wait a few extra minutes for my corn on the cob, it was sweet and juicy and worth the wait.While we were finishing up, Stacy himself came by and had us sample of few of his other sauces and the Carolina recipe was awesome. I am a fan and will be back to this funky little building.
4	Solid BBQ here. Stacy and his crew have attitude, though. The place is tiny and they only take cash, so be prepared. Don't be afraid of the neighborhood. Stacy's has all the meats you'd want at a BBQ place, including links and fish. I've even seen fried chicken on the menu. It's cooked low and slow, and the man knows what he's going. My only gripe is that everything is drowning in sauce. I don't want it dry, but I don't love the tangy sauce enough to drink it (like I could at Honey Bear's or Thee Pitts Again). Sides are the real star, here, in my opinion. Two kinds of beans, rice, beans and rice, five or six kinds of potato, you name it. I love the mac & cheese. There's some veggies, too. Stacy should be famous for his desserts. Red Velvet Cake is amazing and goes quick. Pecan pie is on the menu, along with sweet potato pie and cobbler. More, too.
3	Don't get me wrong, my 3 stars versus 4 is not a bad thing. It was good but not the best. I'd say try It out!
4	I will go ahead and review what I've had here. This was a last minute stop on one of my Saturday food fests. Unfortunately I did not get to try nearly the amount of what I wanted to. I've driven by this place so many times and I've read so much about it I just had to stop in here and get some grub. Next time will be with a big group so we can order some of everything.They have a much larger menu at the location then they do online. So many sides to choose from, so many desserts to try, so much BBQ to sample. I really wanted to try the fried pickles, and greens because I love these things but there was just no room. I've been trying to find good greens in phoenix and have yet to find any that take me to that happy place encountered the first time I had them back east somewhere.Food:Sauce:The sauce was good.. but it wasn't great. It was missing.. something.. I don't even know what. I know they are very proud of it and maybe its just that my southwest palate is ruined by the super sweet, super hot, super tangy stuff we are used to. The problem with this is everything comes very very sauced. Again.. I though it was good. I think lots of people love it so dont get turned off by this you might love the stuff.Pork Ribs 1/2 slab $9.99:What a great deal! I think I had damn near 12 ribs in there. I honestly wonder if they accidentally made me a full slab as this was a GIANT portion of ribs. The picture I took was after already having 3 of the darn things. Not only was this huge but was also a good $5 cheaper for a 1/2 then most places in the valley charge. I removed the sauce *mostly* from one of them and tasted just the meat. It had a nice natural smokey flavor, falling on the to lite side if anything. It had a great texture, very tender without totally falling off the bone. I hate to break it to most people but falling off the bone for ribs generally means it was just over done. There is a rib sweet spot between having a texture and falling off the bone and Stacy hits it. When you have it the first time you'll know and see what you've been missing.Red Velvet Cake $3.00:I have discovered that I'm just not a fan of this. I had it at lolo's and people RAVE about it and I just didn't dig it. When 50 people tell me something is great and I dont get excited about it I assume I need to try it elsewhere or again. So I gave it a try here and same reaction. The frosting rocks.. how can it not? its cream cheese! But the cake, at both places, not much going on. Its like a yellow cake mix that is dyed an ungodly red that is missing 1/2 the sugar the recipie called for. I just don't seem to like this cake in general so if lolo's has the best in phoenix I would say its a lie since this tasted almost identical. Now you know you have two places in phoenix that have great red velvet cake. Next time I'm going to try pecan or sweet potato.Sadly this was all I got to try. I'm basing my review on the ribs and sauce alone. I'm leaving the cake out of the equation since clearly its just not something I would love anywhere. Can't hold them accountable for that :) I will be back and will update.Is this the best BBQ I've ever had? No its not, but it may very well be the best BBQ I've had in phoenix. I have a few more places on the list to try and will update ratings as necessary.Pros:Local Joint Service: The ribbing/joking/family type treatment.Large Selection: Dare you not to find SOMETHING that looks tempting on this menu.Affordable: This has a bit of a catch will I will go into in the cons.Cons:Limited Seating/Parking:I had zero problems the evening I went but I can imagine during a rush this would be awkward. I have no clue where you would even wait. Out in the parking lot I suppose.No Plastic:They seem to have added an ATM inside recently as I see no other mention of this. I meant to check on the fee. I would guess its probably pretty steep so your better off stooping on the way but if you forget they have you covered.Zero Combination's:There are no combos here. You order meat.. and you order sides. You get A LOT of BBQ for what they charge but if your going by yourself its going to be a little pricey. If you go with a group it would a much better deal.Heavy Sauce: I would ask for light sauce or sauce on the side. If you like your BBQ swimming order it straight up and you'll be a happy camper.
4	I'm always on the search for smokey BBQ goodness at least as good as my favorite thus far which is Rudy's in ABQ.  After my visit to Stacy's I have to say I've found my PHX favorite. It's at least as good as Rudy's. If not a little better because I can get some of my comfort/soul food favorites options on the menu.  On this visit we picked up several items to try. Catfish, hushpuppies, fried okra, rib tips mac n cheese, banana pudding and peach cobbler.  We got it all to-go for $26. The smokey aroma while waiting was heavenly.  The menu warns you how long some items are going to take "30 min". The fried okra didn't make it home we finished it on the ride home. The catfish, crisy cornmeal crust fried to perfection and not greasy. The hush puppies, crispy balls of goodness. The rib tips smokey good but should have ordered sauce on the side, while good it was a just slighty sweeter than I like and a lot of it. I like having more control. Mac n cheese creamy and comforting.  The cobbler and pudding the perfect finish. Even though  we had to wait to enjoy those later since we were stuffed. I should also add content.
4	After hearing about Stacy's and hearing how great it was, I was a bit skeptical to try it.  Well.....that was 3 months and 6 visits ago!Stacy's is great. The best BBQ here in Phoenix for sure. In my opinion, the meats are the real winner here. After sampling each kind of meat (except the catfish) I've decided that my favorite way to eat here is to come with a friend and order up a load of food.  The brisket and the rib tips are the best. The pork is good but pretty flavorless without the sauce. I always prefer to taste my BBQ without sauce to see the real flavors. Same here, I order with the sauce on the side. Although they always give me a look, they still serve it as requested. I happen to really like their sauce, I just like to use a little at a time rather than having the meat drowned in it. They are very liberal with the portions and their sauce so be careful not to over order. As for the sides. I've enjoyed their sweet potato fries and cole slaw. Was a little disappointed in the fried pickles and okra as they are breaded instead of battered and I wasn't crazy about the breading. As everyone has stated, its cash only and has limited parking. Stacy plays the tough guy but is really a sweetheart and when pushed will smile and talk to you about his love of BBQ and Chicago!It's good stuff.
4	Mmmmm Good, Mmmmm Good...Yummy...Yummy...Yummy for my Tummy...Tummy...Tummy... I just wish I would've known about this place a lot sooner! I'm almost frustrated that I literally live right down the street and never heard about it! I'm almost pissed because now I'm moving to Ahwatukee!!! Go fricken figure! I love every bit of my 1 pound of Stacy Style Rib Tips and 1 slab of Beef BBQ Ribs, Cornbread, Mac&Cheese and Red Beans and Rice! Ok I didn't eat all of that by myself...but I sure did try! Their ribs are meaty just the way I like it and the sauce is perfect!I was sadly disappointed though that they ran out of the red velvet cake!!!! However, this is the perfect excuse to get my butt back there! My BF's name is Stacy...I wonder if we can get a Stacy discount?!?!?!?  Oh yeah and like everybody else said...BRING CASH!  I do believe I did see an ATM there!
5	We went to eat here last night and it was so delicious. My boyfriend had read the reviews and decided that this was the appropriate location for some good eats, and was it ever. I had the rib tips, he had the pulled pork. Both meats were hefty portions and down right the best rib tips I've had since living in Texas. The mac and cheese is the real deal and oh so good. Green beans were peppery goodness and the fried okra lived up to all the previous reviews. The service was fantastic and made us feel right at home. I give this place two very enthusiastic thumbs up.
3	Ok. I ate there. Finally! The BBQ Beef sandwich was SPECTACULAR. The Mac and cheese was pretty good. Crazy good onion rings. The staff annoys me. The fact that there's a "don't do this, don't touch that" sign every 3 feet on the walls, is also kind of annoying. No Refills? grr! It bugs me that there's an extra charge for everything. I'm surprised they don't charge for extra napkins... it's that ridiculous. Portions bigger than Joe's Real BBQ though. YAY for that. This is not a place to go for atmosphere. Wire for exhaust fan in men's room spliced, and taped off with duct tape! NO NO NO! BAD! Duct tape is conductive! ZZAP! lol.
3	On one of my last visits here, I ordered the pulled pork and the rib tips along with a small side of cole slaw, another of potato salad, hush puppies and both banana pudding and the cobbler. (No it wasn't all just for me.) The order was placed to go and when ready it was all (or so I thought ) put into a rather small bag. I looked at the bag quizzically wondering how it all fit but trusted Stacy had packed everything. I should have known better than to leave without checking my order. I get home to realize they didn't pack the slaw or salad. I called up Stacy to let him know it wasn't packed and was returning to pick these items up. He apologized and ensured he would have them ready for me to pick up. When I arrived he had them ready along with a small order of beef ribs as a gesture of apology. (Nice touch) Food Quality: I have come to find they are quite fond of celery seed, it's in everything (except the deserts thank goodness). Their sauce, the potato salad and the slaw have generous amounts of celery seed, which you will continue to find in the nooks and crannies of your teeth until the next time you floss. (Not too fond of this.) The pulled pork was a little dry and  then covered with sauce. The rib tips are still my favorite. The beef ribs were large, more bone than meat (pretty typical of beef ribs), they were fall off the bone tender but the meat tasted a bit old. Their banana pudding and the cobbler still sooo good.
5	I really love this place. The BBQ sandwiches are great. So many sides to choose from, mashed potatoes, french fries, corn, beans, cabbage, fried okra. YUM YUM YUM. Got to try this out.
2	Best in Phoenix???  I hope not. Now, don't get me wrong. What I had was pretty good but that's about it,..."pretty good". Here's what I tasted and thought:Pulled Pork : Tasty. Sauce was OK (not fab.), Meat was of good quality and was cooked appropriately.Pulled (sliced) Beef  : Meh., Meat had been a good cut but was dried out and a bit tough, Again the sauce was just OK. Beef Ribs : Tasty , Large & Meaty, Sauce was again... OK.Mac. & Cheese : Most disappointing item of the meal!, Tasted like Kraft out 'o the box. Greens : This was the best part of my meal, Cooked appropriately and spiced very well.Banana Pudding - Ick!!, It was partially frozen and watery, The cookies were a soggy & watery mush.First refill on the sweet tea was .80 cents and then you have to buy a new cup if you want more!!  What the.....?!?!?!? We're already paying a premium for everything and you're going to gouge us on drink refills??Honestly..... there's absolutely no reason for me to go back. I don't know if this place USED to have outstanding Q, and is now just serving this mediocre stuff and rakin' in the dough, or what.Pretty disappointing and I wasn't even the one paying!!!
5	I lived in Texas for four years, so I guess you can say I know good BBQ.  This is not fancy gourmet BBQ, to me this is the real, home cooked BBQ I grew up on in the midwest and so lovingly adored in Texas.  Stacy's gives you that eating in your backyard kind of feel.  No fancy decorations, no fussy frills,  and yes there are DO NOT signs everywhere, but think of it as your momma's house you know the rules there so there doesn't need to be signs.  The BEST BBQ outside of Texas and my momma's house.  Bring Cash, ask for the sandwiches with the sauce on the side and prepare to  enjoy the sauce dripping from your chin experience.
3	This was my first visit to the acclaimed Stacy's Smokehouse.  I had the spare ribs. It was pretty good. Good flavor, nice smoke ring, good tasting sauce. It was slightly over cooked though. Most people think that "fall off the bone" ribs are how it should be and they are completely wrong. The ribs I had today were falling off the bone a little too much.  Smoke flavor was subtle and not overpowering.  Neither were the spices on the meat.  For sides, I had BBQ beans and corn bread.  Both very good.  All the food was flavored properly.I shot the shit with Stacy.  He is a very friendly dude.  He was checking with the patrons making sure they were happy with the food, greeting new customers and saying "thank you" to the ones headed to the exit.  The rest of the people in the restaurant were obviously very excited to be there.  There was a lot of talk about what to get and why.  I enjoyed my first experience, but the jury is still out.  I'll have to try some other items on the menu before I decide if I'll be frequenting this place or not.
4	I've been to Stacy's a few times, usually it's to go. Hole in the wall place, bring cash. Stacy's opens at 11, literally, they are still getting the restaurant up and running at 11 - I had to wait until they were ready, awkward. But anyway, the food was great. Pulled pork, rice and beans, fried okra, onion rings and red velvet cake. Thankfully I checked my order before I left because they forgot to put the cake in the bag. My only suggestion is that they do a better job at "to go" bagging. Seems like they kinda threw it in one little paper bag. Other than that, at least try it out. I heard from Stacy that they are trying to open up a new location off Shea and Scottsdale Road which is SWEET!!!!
4	Ended up here before a Rhythm Room show because, as always, Rack Shack has the world's most bizarre business model and you essentially have to guess when they might or might not be open. If they're not open, head east down Indian School a few blocks and catch Stacy's. Actually strike that. Try Stacy's first, because it's way better.The place is simple and to-the-point. It has a true city vibe like you might catch in Chicago or New York. It's not a restaurant that tries to be anything it's not, or tries to "create" a vibe with kitsch and pomp. No, someone just put up a chalkboard to tell you what's to eat, and put down some tables to let you eat it.The eats are good so far. I got the brisket sandwich and sweet fries. The meat was very tasty and the fries were fresh and crispy. My only real complaint is that condiments are nowhere to be found. I would have liked ketchup and extra sauce for my brisket, since it didn't have enough for my taste. A nice lady walks out to the tables continuously asking how everything is and collecting empty baskets--I asked her but she must have forgotten. I would suggest they put condiments out so customers can help themselves. My associate got the same sandwich but with fried pickles and okra. I was skeptical on the pickles but they are actually really good if you like pickles.Overall, a great way to fill up before you hit the RR or Char's. It's not quite over-the-top ringy-dingy five stars, but it's muy bueno (oh snap, here comes Sheriff Joe).
3	This place was rated #4 best barbeque in the entire country on a show called "the best foods ever". i've been on a long time quest for great barbeque. i just went here and was over excited to try some barbeque that beat out memphis, nashville, kansas city, and the carolinas. i got a large barbequed beef sandwich. it came with no sides. if you want a side, you have to pay for every side separately which range from 1.99-2.99. my beef sandwhich was piled with meat an some sauce, not alot of sauce. my potato salad was 8oz for 1.99. the portions of the food were large and very filling. as far as quality, should this place be ranked #4 in the entire country, no. the quality of the beef was good and there was alot of it. however, i thought the beef was somewhat tough and needed to be smoked longer. it did not melt in my mouth or fall apart. you had to chew on the meat. i didn't like that fact that it just didn't fall apart. the potato salad was good but i thought it was overwhelming with some kind of mustard flavor. i would much rather have a home made potato salad with more of a mayonaise base rather then it turning out yellow in color. they do offer many souther cooked sides like fried green tomato's, collard greens, grits, yams, just everything. i liked the flavor of the meat and thought the potato salad was just ok. with my large beef sandwich and potato salad, it was $7.25. no drink included. everything is billed separately. so, do i think this should be # 4 in the whole country for best barbeque. no. the meat was too tough. would i go here again, only if i'm in the area of 16st and indian school. maybe i'll just have to try the ribs next time.
3	Finally got the chance to try this place. I had the rib tips with fries, the BF had the hot link sandwich and we shared a piece of cornbread and a side of mac & cheese. Rib tips were good! It was tender and had a nice smokey flavor. The sauce was good as well, but was used a little too excessively that after a few pieces it can be overbearing. I had to start scraping some off. BF said the hot link sandwich was good as well. The conbread and mac and cheese was alright.Well even though the food was good, we probably wont be visiting again... we didn't really get a nice vibe from the owner. He started warming up and being friendly towards the end of our meal.. but WTF are we suppose to earn the friendly service first?
4	There is absolutely no other restaurant in town that has better BBq.  Their pull pork is just mouth watering.. Very juicy.. Great bbq sauce with a touch of spicy to it... Just perfect.. Ribs are unbelievable.. This is not a place you get a 5 star customer service.. if you are going here and expecting anything but great bbq, you will disappointed... It's a whole in wall and I absolutely love their food... I usually give a lot of points for customer service and treatment... but their food is so good that makes up for everything else they lack and I will keep going back just because of their good bbq....
5	Best "real" BBQ in phoenix.
4	Ok, so i read through some of the previous reviews and i agree that sometimes the establishment can be dirty(bathrooms) and the service is sometimes not perfect....but that doesn't really change how i feel about the food. I grew up in the midwest with all extended family in the south....Stacy's is the place if you remember or EVER enjoyed true Southern Style BBQ...It took me almost 6 yrs to find Stacy's...and it was for their Fried Catfish, fried in the skillet with cornmeal; this is nowhere else to be found except in the south...love the fried pickles(cornmeal as well). I have tried their sandwhiches and ribs and it takes me back to the times our family would stop on the side of the highways in Tennesse @ BBQ shacks to get pulled beef/ pork by the pound and the tradition of all southern family's frying catfish with cornmeal in an ol cast iron skillet...I love this place! Thanks Stacy for making me head back to my childhood
4	If you want BBQ, plain and simple, this is the place to go.  I saw it on TLC and I had to try it out.  It is no frills, but the food is great and plentiful.  Bring cash as they don't take plastic.
3	I'm a very picky brisket man and judge all BBQ joints by the quality of what they deliver.  For this reason, Stacy's only gets three stars.  The brisket was not crispy, was very fatty and came in sauce.  That just doesn't fly with me.  The sweet potatoes were quite good but had far too much sugar in them to be truly enjoyable.  The green beans are highly recommended.  Bring cash and be prepared for a range of service from terrible to outstanding.
4	There's a little purple building on Indian School rd just West of Arizona SR51 housing Stacy's Smokehouse BBQ that I pass by on a pretty regular basis. I've been meaning to drop in and give Stacy's a try since they are a locally owned and operated business AND serve BBQ which is both my love and business.A couple of days ago I was in the area and feeling those slight pangs that indicate hunger so I pulled into Stacy's parking lot and walked on in.The place is SMALL with only 4 tables and a counter with a sign that warns customers not to put weight (including your children) on it. There are a series of blackboards hanging behind the counter which comprise the menu and I was excited and intrigued by some of the selections.As this was between lunch and dinner, I ordered relatively light fare, a large hotlink sandwich, an ear of deep fried corn (how could I not?), an order of red beans and rice and sweet tea.After a short while my food arrived and I must say it looked quite tasty. The Hotlink sandwich was comprised of two sausage links split and served on a seeded bun with just enough of their tasty BBQ sauce to keep things interesting. It had great bite (though I'd bet the farm the sausage was Farmer John Red Hot Links rather than something house made/made for them), the proper texture (a bit more chewy than say, a hot dog), and pretty good spicy flavor. All in all, exactly what I'm looking for in this kind of sandwich.I generally get a pretty good measure of a BBQ joint by the care they put into their beans so I was keen to try the red bean and rice (something not found often enough in a BBQ joint in my opinion). The beans were tender and the long grain rice just past al dente which is where I like it since this allows each grain to stand out and gives you a great mouth feel. The 'glue' holding the beans together was quite flavorful, being slightly on the spicy side, and had just about perfect consistency....and then there was deep fried corn on the Cobb. I must admit I thought I'd eaten corn prepared in every possible way but clearly I missed one, this ear was rolled in perfectly spiced cornmeal and deep fried until golden brown. The first bite made me giggle like a schoolgirl! Talk about texture, the crispy cornmeal batter allowed the natural juiciness of the corn to shine and gave it a crunch that has to be experienced to understand. Now I'm a huge fan of fire roasted corn slathered in butter, cayenne pepper and salt but I now have a new favorite.Over-all Stacy's BBQ was a pretty good meal at a reasonable price that I would happily recommend. I'm looking forward to returning to try Stacy's Hickory and Oak smoked ribs for dinner in the very near future.
5	I searched Phoenix far and wide for a killer BBQ place and it took my a while to work up the courage to enter this tiny purple establishment.  And boy did it pay off.  I have been back at least 5 different times.The pulled pork is excellent.  The rib tips are excellent.  The french fries are crunchy. The deep-fried corn on the cob is a must try.  The mac and cheese, obviously, is stellar.  I have yet to try their pies, but all look incredible.It's no fancy digs, but when it comes to meat, you can't go wrong here.
2	Not bad, but no great shakes.  The "large" pulled pork sandwich was hefty, but kinda bland.  Lots of sauce helped.  Sweet potato fries were underdone and way too cinnamon-sugared.  Service was indifferent.  You can get better barbecue in plenty of places in Phoenix.
5	What? That little purple cinder block building? I drive by it all the time, is it good?  Those are the responses I get when I tell people about Stacy's...and yes its amazing...its what bbq should be all about...THE FOOD....from the pulled pork to the rib tips...to the fried chicken and catfish...and THE FRIED CORN....yes fried corn...and being from the midwest(where we dont fry corn) it is amazing..a full ear of corn rolled in a seasoned cornmeal batter....flavors abound in every bite..on my last visit my friend summed it up best...as he sat there watching trafiic whizzing by on Indian Schoole mere feet away...noting that if there was a major accident at anytime a car could come careening through the cinder block walls of Stacys...that he would die a happy man with Stacys BBQ on his fingers and face...which can be washed off easily in the bathroom with nitro hot water...which is a plus in a BBQ establishment....oh and Stacy is there almost all the time which is anothe plus...so next time you drive by and wonder " Is that place good?' Stop in....its worth it
2	I had to go to Stacy's after I heard people rave about the Turkey Legs at Cajun Fest. Unfortuntely, that's not on Stacy's regular menu. So I ordered the pulled pork sandwich for for $6 dollars along with the sweet potato fries. The pulled pork was good, but not the greatest. Although the sweet potato fries were decadently covered with cinnamon sugar. Easily the best sweet potato fries around.I ordered the half rack of ribs for $10.95 on my next visit. I did not like the ribs. Or maybe it was the sauce. I can think of many other places with better ribs like the Yard House, Shane's Rib Shack and even Chili's.
3	I'm from Texas and I do know about BBQ. When the owner says his BBQ isn't like others he nails that one right on the head. Last time I was there they used a microwave to heat my ribs and I don't like picking through the sauce to find the food. If that's what you like then you don't know BBQ. May try the chicken next time before I give up and decide to start driving down to Famous Dave's where they actually won something as opposed to sit across the counter and tell me how great they are. Cocky is one thing but backing it up with a few a wins in Memphis or Reno would put this joint in the same league with the real winners.
4	You mean you can get good BBQ in Phoenix too?  Amazing!  Another one of those places that took me a year to discover, which is probably good, since I'll be going here weekly.One complaint and one complaint only - way too much sauce on the BBQ.  I mean, WAY too much.Other than that, all expectations were exceeded.  The food was delicious, just as I remember BBQ should be.  I got the pulled pork sandwich, a slice of texas toast, a side of mac n' cheese, and an iced tea.  Even the iced tea was good.  Perfect flavors, served hot and fresh, and saucy.I believe I was served by Stacy himself, who I guess just kind of does his own thing.  Like tell you how good the food is going to be.  He also has a knack for decorating - like using magic marker to give customers instructions on how to turn on the bathroom light, etc.  My favorite was the sign: "You are on private property.  Don't touch the things on the walls."  Or something like that, but the sign did capture the overall essence of the place, which I'm more than cool with.BRING CASH!  Seriously, a credit card machine would not fit in at Stacy's.
5	Mr. Phipps NEVER disappoints! He has catered our family's holiday functions for the last couple of years (including this past Christmas Eve) and we just can't get enough! Love the ribs, love the fried pickles and okra, love the sweet tea! LOVE STACY'S!
4	This place is delicious!!!  I don't get the craving too often for bbq but when I do it has to be good.  I ordered the beef ribs.  It was a huge proportion.  The ribs were thick tender and very meaty.  Lots and lots of sauce, no need to request extra.  The sauce has a very good flavor tangy, spice, and sweet but not too sweet, or too spicy, or too tangy.  A nice balance.  A very small place with only four tables.  The employees were friendly and accommodating.I will return when the urge for bbq resurfaces.
4	I've eaten here a few times and the food started to grow on me.  The type where your at home and you think, man I wish I could get some Stacy's ribs.  Their side dish menu is very large this will keep your selection changing every time if you don't like ordering the same thing where ever you go.The ribs,  Rubbed right and smoked to perfection.  The meat does not fall all the bone you have to give a little bite with your teeth.  I think this is the right way a rib should be prepared.  From the messy sauce to the texture try this location to open a new door to your bbq cravings.
1	This place blows.. my mind it's just great entertainment for the whole family... j/k but seriously I would not eat here again. I ordered mac and chz and sucked. it was like pasta with shredded chz mixed in. The hush puppies sucked oily and nothing to em and over done. the beans also sucked nothing mixed in like you would expect from a bbq joint. cole slaw was good! Not too much dressing and very tasty, but I don't go out to eat cole slaw so let's talk about the meat. The ribs were awful.. way too fatty swimming in sauce and obviously reheated in a microwave as some one else stated. The brisket was chopped up so much that it looked like alpo and it too was fatty and swimming in sauce and grease. Good bbq doesn't need to be covered by sauce. It should simply enhance the flavors that are already there. I was highly disappointed because the smoker smelled so good walking up there and what I got wasn't fresh and made my girlfriend and I sick to our stomachs. Also If you dine in they don't give you things like plates and stuff like that. If you need a cup for water they give one like they do at the dentist office for your mouthwash. It might be good for catered events when it's served fresh but what I got was awful awful awful.
4	Ate there for the first time today and was mad at myself for not coming sooner!  I had the pork ribs, fried pickles and kool aid lemonade. The closest meal I have had here in the valley that would compare to real old school ghetto grub, and I mean that as a compliment!!! This joint is the epitome of a gastro pub, hood style. My only complaint, and a given at some of my favorite hood spots around the country - not everything was on the menu. Didn't matter because there are enough favorites to keep you satisfied for days. Shout out to Stacey for bringing real soul food, ghetto gastro pub style to the valley!
4	I went to this place the night before my birthday, after making 3 u-turns and k-turn...after reading all the good reviews about this place, i expected to see a lighted up sign at the least to make the average driver realize where to turn...other than that it was great food, looks can be deceiving, looks like a run-down cafeteria but the food was amazing, the bbq beef brisket were tender and melt in your mouth, the pork ribs was delicious, the family size cole slaw was ridiculously small, i thought i was in france ordering es cargo.. but overall good food
5	Amazing!!! I have been eating here for a few years and love it. The BBQ beef is my favorite. Mac n cheese is to die for. I have been very satisfied. Was voted #4 in country by Bon Appetite magazine
5	AWESOME!! I'm lucky I live in the neighborhood , but if I didn't I. would drive. The pork ribs, coleslaw , pork sandwich , baked beans.  It's all sooooo good. A++++. Also, there's something for everyone. Great side menu, deserts, drinks, you name it.
5	I love this place! It's cheap and mouth-watering-ly awesome?... whatever, it's bomb. That's the bottom line. My friends and I have gone here a couple time and keep on going back, even though we are college students and this place is like 20/30 minutes away,we make time out of our "busy schedules". I'm back home now for the summer, and I miss it already! We have good food here in San Francisco, but this place stole my heart for some reason. I can't wait to, once again, get there unorthodox macaroni!!! Although it's not actually called that, it's true. It's almost sweet, and it's different than any macaroni of the past. You HAVE to get the stacy style ribs, they put they're ribs on top of french fires, and the BBQ sauce (which descended from the gods) covers the base of fries... I don't even have to tell you the rest. On another note, it's a bit of a uncomfortably sketchy area, and it's never busy. However, I think those two things are mostly because I always go there at night RIGHT before they close (Yea, I'm THAT customer) However, food's great, I highly recommend it, and I'm going there right when I get back in August, FACT.
1	After a few visits where I was quite happy with the food I went again today and was hugely disappointed.  I don't know if they're focusing on their upcoming 2nd location or what but the quality of the food just isn't the same, nor was it for my dining companion who was also disappointed with the brisket he ordered.   I got the 'special' of the day, a 3 piece fried chicken dinner w/one side for $9.95, white meat costs $1.00 extra.   I've never seen such small pieces of chicken, looked more like cornish hen.  I received 2 wings & one drumstick..what..no thigh available?  The side was a very small serving of what was supposed to be spicy beans.  The beans were not spicy and they were also lukewarm.  We both felt totally ripped off and I'm taking this place off my rotation.  Benched!
2	After my second round of Stacy's BBQ for lunch today I figured I would give it a review.  I should mention that both times were carryout around lunch time.  One, because I couldn't  leave work and two I didn't want to get shot.  The place looks sketchy from the outside and I never considered trying it until I heard about their BBQ.My first lunch from Stacy's was a half-pound of Stacy's Style Ribs Tips (rib tips on top of fries) and a small order of BBQ Beans.  I enjoyed the rib tips and the sauce but the fries were a soggy mess.  I'll just attribute that to being carryout and no fault of theirs.  I did however think the portion of rib tips was pretty weak for $7.00.   My guess is the half pound includes the fries and sauce.  My least favorite part of the meal was the BBQ Beans.  I know the menu said sweet but damn!  All I could taste was apple or something similar.  Next time I'll go for the spicy ones.So today someone suggested we do Stacy's again for lunch.  I gave him my order of a large pulled pork sandwich and a small Mac n' Cheese.  I was going to go for the spicy beans but I keep hearing about the mac so I thought I would give it a try.  My lunch arrived a short time later and I dug right in.  I started with the mac which looked like one large gelatinous ball of cheese and noodles.  It resembled Kraft Macaroni and Cheese but the noodles were a little thicker.  The cheese had a bright artificial looking color bust tasted pretty good.  Unfortunately I don't see what everyone is raving about.  If it's the best you've ever had, I feel sorry for you.  So I pealed that off quickly and got after the real reason I wanted BBQ, the pulled pork.  My first thought was, they screwed up.  I ordered the large and there was no way this could be large.  If this was the large then the small would be a joke.  I threw the whole sandwich on a digital scale and it weighed in at 9.5 weak ounces.  I hoped it would taste so good that I'd forget about the size but unfortunately it didn't.  The pork was very dry and was probably smoked several days ago and then re-heated.  There was very little sauce on it, which I like because I want to taste the pork and the smoke.  In this case however, more sauce would have helped.  The pork lacked flavor.  You can't blame that on carryout. Needless to say I'm bummed out. So I'll break it down for you:Stacy's Style Rib Tips:    2 Stars                                            (could be 3 if you dine in and a 4 if they don't skimp on the ribs)Price:  $7.00 half pound               (based on what I received it shouldn't cost more than $5.00)BBQ Beans:                     2 Stars (not my favorite)Price: $1.50 Small                         (good price for portion size)Pulled Pork Sandwich:  1 Star  (I smoke better pork in my backyard- No Homo)Price:  $5.75 Large  (A large sandwich at most BBQ joints are twice the size)Mac N' Cheese:               1 Star (Macaroni noodles and Velveeta)  Price:  $3.50                                (Try $1.50)Not sure if I'll go back but if I do it will be for ribs.  Hopefully Stacy's can redeem themselves.
5	If mastication is your thing than this place is "Absolute Foodgasm!"The last time I had BBQ Rib-Tips this good, I was in Charleston, SC, in a place called Sticky Fingers, and the year was 1995! I've been looking for a place in Phoenix for the past 16 years & I'm happy to say I finally have found it! You do not pay for the ambiance of a five star restaurant in this joint. This place is an absolute whole in the wall, down & dirty, & smells like a smokehouse shack! So if you want to impress someone on a first date, it's probably not the place to dine (there is Take-Out!) Definitely not a place to take clients you want to impress either! (Did I mention Take-Out?) But if you want to have BBQ that is finger licking good, than Stacy's Smokehouse is your kinda joint!
4	Thought the food was great. The lemonaid was way to sweet. Greens probably needed a bit more seasonings but overall I give it a B+
3	So now that I've been to Stacy's a few times, thought I'd review it. All in all, it's a great place. Seems to me a little on the pricey side BUT you also get a decent amount of food so it's a wash!!! Their BBQ items are wonderful and the barbecue sauce is out of this world! I was slightly disappointed on my last visit though. I decided to try the fish and all I can say is it IS a barbecue joint!! It was a bit over cooked and they were out of tarter sauce which is a huge bummer is you're ordering a fish & chips type deal and they were out. The girl behind the count was more than apologetic and offered me ranch instead, which much to my surprise, was alright! I will still HAPPILY continue to go to Stacy's keeping in mind to order the barbecue stuff! I was told the catfish was outstanding though!
3	Food is inconsistent here. some days, the beef ribs are mouth-watering good. other days, they are a fatty, nonedible mess.i recommend trying the special especially the catfish!
5	This is SERIOUS, NO JOKE, authetic BBQ. Stacy's mom hails from Mississippi and Stacy came from Chicago. There's enough history there to justify a 5 star rating. The best BBQ I've ever had outside of Chicago. IT'S NOT FAST FOOD - and LIKE ALL GOOD THINGS IT TAKES TIME. Come in, be prepared to have your order started after you pay for it. RELAX... you're about to enjoy the best BBQ in Phoenix.Other BBQ joints can't even compare - and Stacy's does killer grilled talapia too!
4	Love this place...Great BBQ, I get the greens to go in the LG Quart container...Want to go back for the Fried Chicken sometime (served in the evening)...I guess, I must pick all the good things on a menu; because I haven't been disappointed ever...One other thing - I wish they had Fried Green Tomatoes on the menu...
2	The food is OK, nothing really exciting.  We had the beef ribs, pork ribs, rice & beans, and mac & cheese.  The beef ribs were uber tough and dry.  I was extremely disappointment.  The pork ribs were better - kinda good.  I didn't taste the rice & beans as I'm not a fan but the mac & cheese was pretty mediocre, just like any other mac & cheese.The place is super small and didn't really seem that clean.  All the furniture was mix-matched.  A true whole in the wall  but the staff was nice.
3	Last night I had "TO GO" the 3 Piece Fish, Rice & Gravy, Greens  $13.00 & Pulled Pork Sandwich $5.95 .  Everything was very delicious.  Portion size was Small.   Rating for Food was 4 to 5.  Size portion brought it down tremendously.
4	So far each time that I have eaten here, I was impressed! I have not had sauce that tasted so good before. The ribs are what we purchace when we go there and they are never a disapointment. I have to tell you though, that it's not in the best neighborhood. It's a little rough but the food is really great!
5	So, so delicious.  Pulled pork sandwich, fried okra, sweet tea.  Really tasty.DRENCH your sandwich with their sauce - they give you a bottle of it for a reason.  I suggest applying one coat to each side of the bun (the "primer"), and then putting some extra on each bite.Be prepared, the service is pretty slow.  But if you've got plenty of time, pop into the purple palace and give it a try.
1	We went here this evening after seeing this place featured on TLC's "Best Food Ever" BBQ episode on Neftlix. We had pretty high expectations based on what we saw on the episode, but not so lofty as to doom the trip from the start.We got there and the parking lot was empty exept 1 car. Keep in mind, this is a Friday evening at about 6:00pm - prime time for the Friday dinner rush. I would have expected to see the lot at least somewhat full, especially given how small the place is. This seemed like a warning sign to me at the time but I kept an open mind.As we walk up to the restaurant, absolutely no smoke smell could be detected. Reading other reviews indicated the good smell of smoke outside the restaurant as they walked up to it. This was not the case this evening. Another warning sign to me, but again I kept an open mind.We enter the restaurant and there's one customer eating and the rest of the place is empty. The counter help and restaurant employees were very nice to us as we decided what to order. This was nice because many online reviews mentioned that the employees seemed rude from time to time. They were courteous and patient as we decided what to order.We decided on Stacy's Sampler, which is a sampler of small portions of baby back ribs, one beef rib, pulled pork, brisket, chicken, and sausage. It also came with one side. We chose "Spicy Ranch Beans". This sampler was ideal for us because we really just wanted to try a little bit of everything. I asked that all of the meat come un-sauced because I wanted to taste the meat without it drowning in sauce like most places serve it. We paid $23.00 and waited for our order to come to our table.When the food arrived, the portions were pretty small. A few bites of pulled pork, about 4-5 small slices of brisket, a quarter chicken, two spare ribs, one beef rib, and the beans. I expected larger portions based on other reviews mentioning large portions. My ratings are 1-5, with 1 being terrible and 5 being awesome.Pulled pork = 2. Not much smoke flavor, tenderness and moisture were pretty good. I've had better.Brisket = 2. Not much smoke flavor. Tasted like decent roast beef prepared in an oven. Again, I've had better.Pork Ribs = 4. I liked the ribs. Not the best in the world, but I did like them. I got one full sized rib and one that was an end piece which was pretty dry and had almost no meat on it, so i really only got one rib out of the deal. Still, the one rib was good.Beef Rib = 1. Completely dry, oven-infused flavor, and pretty tough. I would never have served this rib if I owned or ran the place. Terrible.Chicken = 1. Completely dry, to the point that it was not edible. I am not exaggerating here. I took one bite and stopped there. I would never have served this if I owned or ran the place. Terrible.Sausage = 3. Thinly sliced and way over cooked, but I saw the over cooking as a positive. I actually don't like some sausages that are cooked properly because they can be very fatty and greasy. These were a little over done for me and would have been much better if they were cooked a little less. I liked the flavors, but it was over done.Beans = 3. All they are are canned Ranch beans with some jalapenos added. Not difficult to "make" and much less than I expected effort-wise from a supposedly good BBQ place.Overall, it seems to me that maybe this place started out strong and has eroded to what it is today - very disappointing. The "Best Food Ever" series is dated 2010, so maybe they filmed in late 2009 or early 2010. The food I was served looked nothing like the food on the show. Of course they're going to put their best foot forward on camera but I was hoping to get something that resembled the food I saw on the show. This clearly did not happen.Any restaurant with any pride and concern for customer satisfaction would never have served the beef rib, chicken, and sausage I received. Cooks know when they are serving good food and they know when they're serving crap. They made a conscious decision to serve me crap tonight and because of this I will never return.I'm pretty sure the meat had been prepared well ahead of our arrival, hence the no smoke smell as we walked up, and allowed the food to dry out waiting until people came in and ordered. I would rather they say they were 'out' of the food that dried out and was thrown away (which should have happened) and served me their best of what they had left, but that didn't happen.Maybe I went on an off day. I don't know. What I do know is I'll not be returning and potentially wasting more of my hard earned money. There are too many better alternatives out there for me to roll the dice again on this place.
1	Okay, first of all let me just say this review has nothing to do with the food since I never got to eat anything there.  That being said, it has everything to do with my experience with this location.  So last week I was coming back from a Dr. Appt in N. Phx back to Mesa.  I had purchased an Eversave coupon (similar to Groupon) for Stacey's.  I am rarely out there since I live and work in Mesa but when I knew I was going to drive down the 51 for my appt I decided to bring the coupon.  Since the appointment was during my lunch our I was hoping to just get something to go because I knew I would be well over my hour lunch break (it actually ended up being 2 1/2 hours) but the coupon said dine-in only so I was prepared to spend the extra time to use the coupon.  So when I pulled into the parking lot I noticed a piece of paper taped on the outside wall telling me they no longer accept the Eversave coupons and there is no exception.  The coupons didn't expire until the middle of February so this was about  three weeks before it was supposed to expire.  Since I was already late I just backed out and went back to work.  When I got back to work I wrote an email to Eversave asking for my refund and they responded saying it had been more than 120 days since I purchased the voucher so they wouldn't refund my cc but would give me credit instead.  Not being thrilled with this I just called Stacey's today.  I wanted to see when they stopped taking the vouchers.  The lady on the phone was very unprofessional and unfriendly.  I asked her if she knew when they stopped taking the vouchers and she told me she didn't know.  I then asked her if there was someone else that might know and she told me no, there was no manager there.  I then asked if there was any way to find out and she told me no.  I then tried to call the other location on Shea to see if someone there might know and no one answered at 2 pm in the afternoon on a Wednesday.  When voicemail picked up at that location is said the voicemail was full and I couldn't leave a message. So not only did they not accept my voucher but they also couldn't even answer a simple question and we very unprofessional at the same time.  All in all, this was a horrible experience.
1	I've been eating at Stacy's for over a year so it pains me to kill them but the service my friend and I had there the other day was pathetic.  We got there at noon, ordered at 1205 and proceeded to wait.  I got food around 1230 and was one of the only ones  (there were like 10 people waiting for food).  After all that wait, my order was wrong and I got no drink.  I didn't complain since I figured it would take another half hour to get the right order.  My friend never got his food.  We stuck it out til 1255 before calling it a day and heading back to work.  They also refused to give my friend his money back. I don't know if its a new employee (he was taking forever with getting orders out and taking orders) or something going wrong but I'm probably not going back after that awful an experience.
1	Beef Brisquit sandwich was not brisket it was chuck and it has TONS of fat on it, the baked beans were crunchy and not good at all. The pork rib ends were not tender and tasted  horrible "dry" , the meat was not smoked at all. I thought this was a smoke house?? Worst restaurant ever will not be back, and I highly do not recommend this place to anyone. For seeing this on the food network as being on the top 10 restaurants this place is far from the top 10.
2	Rude customer service keeps me from returning here.
5	Really good bbq fare. I got the sampler, really loved the brisket. If you like sweet potato fries try them, they're drizzled with brown sugar.
3	Great brisket - it's the only thing I ever get.  As for everything else - I haven't a clue.  But damn! Their brisket is tasty. I think they could probably use some general business improvement like accepting credit cards, managing a line, or improving the general customer service - That said the staff has always been nice to me and I keep coming back for the brisket!
2	Not sure why I went outta my way for this place. Seemed good when we first walked in. Then the mashed potatoes were cold and the meat wasn't that great. The sweet tea and the Corn bread were great but that was about it. I wouldn't go back. Best bbq in the west my ass.
5	I'm from TX. I know BBQ. This is the best BBQ in the state. Amazing sauce. Amazing sweet tea. Amazing pork. Amazing okra.
1	Waited 50 minutes today for a pulled pork and a hot link sandwich before asking for our money back. I can't imagine how much longer we would of had to wait. I've heard nothing but good things about this place....so disappointed. They weren't even busy!!
1	closed
1	I was hoping this place would be good since I live nearby. Tried the food here once. They forgot to include part of the order. The food is average and Very Overpriced. Stacy's makes the entire neighborhood smell like a burning dumpster. The smell is so nauseating that I could never bring myself to eat here again. Walk by the building at night and you will see what I mean. It has to be incredibly filthy to smell so awful when they are not covering up the stench with the odor of cooking meat.
