5	Very nice breakfast menu. So happy to find a new restaurant with a real chef behind the kitchen.  It was obvious right away this was going to be a nice experience with tasty food - and I was not disappointed!  I'm Looking forward to trying their dinner menu.
5	Great new breakfast spot an S Eastern...no long waits!  Great service.
5	My husband, daughter, and I went for a late lunch and early dinner today.  I had the chicken Florentine and it was amazing!  I also had the cream of mushroom soup and was so incredible and flavorful and I'm not even a cream of mushroom fan!  It was so  nice being created by the chef and having them making sure that we were happy.  It's very kid friendly and my 7 year old loved her homemade mac n' cheese and was entertained in the little kid's area while we waited for our food.
3	***UPDATE*** I was contacted by a manager (possibly owner) at Bon Chef Cafe regarding my visit. My original rating was 1 star. But because of their sincere apology, I have changed my rating to 3 stars. I really feel they are trying thier best and are ready to make improvements when needed.  Below you can read my original review.My wife and I were looking for a new place to try for breakfast. I found Bon Chef Cafe and decided to check it out. There were some nice looking pastries in the display case. We were seated quickly, and got our drinks quickly but that's about the best of it.It took awhile for the server to get back to us to take our order. We both ordered chicken fried steak. The price was $9.99 for the chicken fried steak. My wife ordered egg substitute, I ordered eggs over medium. About ten minutes had passed when the server came back to the table with a menu to inform us that eggs weren't included with the breakfast. What? Since when are eggs not part of a breakfast? And why did it take 10 minutes to let us know? We paid for our coffee and left. The menu is confusing, and the offerings are pretty standard. The other reviews rave how it's so nice to have a chef making the food. And there's definitely a man in a chef's coat working there. I can't comment on the quality of the food, since I never got to try it.
4	Came for lunch. Positive: kid play area, lobster bisque, kids Mac n' cheese, and good sized sandwiches. Negative: took close to 45 min to receive our food, had to ask for refills, and the sandwiches were nothing special. Over all is you come on a good day and order certain food you will have a great time.
5	Great service and all of the food was amazing! Wood fired charcoaled pita bread was the best pita bread I've had, ever! Wonderful family owned cafe, great for any time of the day! Cute kids play area and nice location!
5	Went to Bon Chef Cafe for dinner this evening with my husband and 2 year old. This place is truly a godsend for parents. It has a children's play area for your little ones to play and read books while you can take time to truly enjoy your meal. Our little one went back and forth several times between eating & playing. My husband & I felt totally comfortable with her doing so in their wonderfully inviting atmosphere. Totally awesome! Not to mention their food is INCREDIBLE. Best we've had in Vegas. The service was great as well. I HIGHLY recommend this restaurant to parents w/ kids and/or people without kids.
4	Bon Chef Cafe offers tasty food at reasonable prices in a casual family-friendly atmosphere.On New Year's Eve, they advertised a 2-for-$50 five-course dinner menu which consisted of Shrimp Cocktail, French Onion Soup, Caesar Salad, choice of entree (I got the New York Steak with Shrimp Scampi) and choice of cheesecake or Tiramisu for dessert. Yup, all this food for the bargain price of $50!With a curious and rambunctious 10-month-old baby, dining out is challenging. When we saw other families with kids and the cute little play area, we knew we wouldn't be looked at with disdain if our baby would randomly let out a Pterodactyl shriek (which is his newest favorite thing to do). There was an old couple next to us that ignored our baby who kept waving and smiling at them but I understand not all people like kids. The owners and servers were friendly with our baby and that's all that mattered.Everything we were served from the first course to dessert was delightful. The stars of the meal were the rich and cheesy French Onion Soup and the light and fluffy Tiramisu. I ordered my steak medium, and it came out pretty well done. Not a big deal though since my shrimp scampi was delicious as was everything else on the menu. Their kitchen has an open layout so you can see all the action.Even though it was a special menu, several items are available on their regular menu. I'm dying to go back to try their Baked Lobster Bisque and their breakfast offerings. You can tell that they really care about their patrons' satisfaction because we were regularly checked on after each course. If you're looking for good food at decent prices where you can take the kids, try Bon Chef Cafe!
5	So glad we listened to our friends about coming to see this new place.  Great food and service for a great price.  Looking forward to going back.  Make sure you have an appetite.  The portions are generous as well.
5	Looking to have salad for lunch is how I found this place! The photo on Yelp of their Caprese salad was tempting me, browsed through other pictures, everything looked visually appealing as well. So made the decision to have lunch here and Im very happy I did!The food Ive tried so far rocks! Caprese Salad and their Beef Kebabs was my order.Caprese Salad - Layered with fresh mozz, grilled eggplant and ripe tomatoes and sprinkled with basil. Loved it. The cheese was fresh, creamy and tender. Real simple salad but delish!Beef Kebabs - There was an option for beef kebabs as a wrap or combo plate with veggies and ricel pilaf. I chose the combo of healthy proteins, starches and veggies.  Beef kebabs were nice thick chunky cuts of nicely seasoned beef that are fired grilled. It also came with a Tahini sauce that was made from scratch for dipping. Loved it! The portion sizes are average and fit the prices they charge which is moderate. Both dishes I had were under $10 each. Which is pretty affordable for the specialties they offer here.Ambiance/Service - Delightful describes my dining experience!! It's a relaxed feel where Frank Sinatra and 40's tunes are piped in. Cherry-wood tables and chairs. Natural light filters in through the floor to ceiling windows that surround the place. Love the hand painted wall art. How sweet and thoughtful they have a little area dedicated for the little ones to dine/play too, so moms (and or dads ) can relax and unwind a bit with a glass of wine.  It's a family owned business. The host/server that initially seated me was at the end of her shift, so Albert and Tony took over and did a great job! I also had the pleasure to meet the Chef Ash and the Bon Chef Cafe crew. All take great pride at what they do and they do it very well!  I cant wait go back to try the Baked Lobster Bisque that's topped off with a puff pastry. I know Im in for a culinary treat when I dine here!
5	The food here was delicious. The service is also amazing!
4	An update (1-26-13) to review one, and an upgrade to 4 stars.Had lunch there yesterday, and what a nice experience. It's hard to describe the menu, because there is quite a variety, from your standard lunch fare to many other interesting items.This time-Pastrami sandwich. This was some of the best pastrami I have ever had, fat free, and piled on nice and thick. Also, Chicken Noodle soup. Once again, as chicken noodle goes, this was about as good as it gets. Do yourself a favor a check this place out. Our waitress was very friendly and there when we needed attention, nice job. There is plenty more on the menu I want to try and will be back. This place deserves to be on your list too!Checked out this new place as I like to do. Very nice remodel/cleanup of what was a pretty beat Sushi Factory before. So kudos there. From a service standpoint this was a weak spot. Nothing happenned very quickly, and getting the check seemed like it was never going to happen. When we did get it we were charged for 2 coffees even though we only had one, but I was so tired of waiting I just paid it. Now for the food. It was breakfast, and the menu is fairly basic in that regard. What I would change---the bacon is very thin and narrow, although the sausage was good. I hope they change their bacon---Peg's in Reno is one place that gives you a real piece of bacon. Also, the ham in the omelet looked like a slice lunch ham cut into little pieces---would be better to dice pieces off a real ham--it just makes things better and higher quality. Also, the hashbrowns were kind of a formed, wet lump---there are better ways to prepare browns. All else was good. The lunch/dinner menu looks good, real good. If we go back, it will likely be for one of those. Some very inteesting choices. In fact, I am sure we will try lunch at least.
5	We had the Baked Lobster Bisque and we shared a Pastrami Sandwich. The soft Sinatra music playing made the meal very pleasant. Our waiter, Toni, was wonderful. The food was delicious and the service was excellent. What a lovely cafe. I can't wait to go back and try other dishes.
5	This place is great!!!  The kids area is especially cool for us because of our 4 and 2 y/o boys!  Thank You. Thank You. Thank You for creating an area they can burn calories while the rest of us eat!!!The pastrami sandwich was incredible!!!
4	Bon Chef Cafe = delicious food in a warm atmosphere.Loved it! The food that I tried so far was incredible! My order was Caesar Salad, Caprese Salad, New-York steak and Tiramisu with ice-cream.. Loved it! LOVED IT! Everybody knows what include Caesar Salad, so I ordered it just as classic )Caprese Salad has fresh mozzarella, eggplant and tomatoes with basil - my friend really appreciated its taste )New-York steak was fire-grilled skillfully - simply perfect!Tiramisu was fluffy, served with fruits - best treat for sweet teeth )THIS PLACE ROCKS!!!
5	I took my one-year old here and it was a success. I cannot really say that about anywhere else right now. Thank you Bon Chef for the children's play area and friendly servers. The food is also delicious.
4	A wonderful local restaurant.  My wife and I brought our 3 yr old son. He played a bit in the play area.  We had a wonderful dinner.  We started with the Shrimp Cervice.  It was fresh, but lacked some heat.  Added some and it was fresh and delicious.  I had the seafood Paella and my wife had the Coq au Van special.  The Seafood Paella was full of seafood and delictable.  I recommend it.  Wifes Coq Au Van was tasty and full of flavor.  She loved it also.  We capped it with a great cream puff dessert.  They make 95% of their desserts in house, not brought in. They have a pre fix 7 course Valentines day menu for $50 a couple!  Looks wonderful.    I downloaded a pic of the menu.This seems to be a great local new restaurant.  Opened about 3 months ago according to Ash, our chef tonight.  Great food at a great price.  It was slow tonight, but they provided great service, as far as walking us to the door and saying thank you.  We will definitely  be back again.
4	Wafts of Mesquite wood as you walk in... food clearly made with love and good technique! The staff was super nice and welcoming, too.The green-lipped Mussels were of very good quality, and I enjoyed my Falafel wrap which came with a small bonus salad. A satisfying meal, and I look forward to coming back for more!
5	Easy 5 star review!  Food flavor, presentation, setting, and hospitality!Thank you Chef Ash and the rest of the staff at Bon Chef for an amazing night!We went with the 7 course chef's tasting menu, and it packed a punch! Chef noticed that my one year old was eating everything Daddy was being served, so he brought out some specially made goodies, just for him! Outstanding!  They also have a play area that has tons of cars and other toys for the kids to have fun!  This is a very kids friendly restaurant, with excellent food!The highlights of the night were the lobster bisque, which was the best I've had. Most of the time, lobster bisque tastes too creamy and "cheesy" for my taste. The first bite of the sauce was immediately "LOBSTER"! And the little baked pastry had a nice chunk of lobster hiding in it! Awesome and fun surprise!  I would definitely order the full size next time I am here.My other favorite of the night was the steak pyramid, which this is only a miniature version of....They said they marinate the meat overnight so it gets all the flavors and goodies to absorb inside the meat, and then they cook it with love! Super yummy, and I would definitely recommend it!  Probably the biggest reason besides the hospitality that I will be back!Other goodies like the chicken florentine, Shrimp Scampi in lemon butter sauce, and Chocolate Dipped Strawberries & Petite Fours and Truffles all get honorable mentions!  Especially the petite fours...super rich and yummy!We felt very welcomed, with everyone checking on our dinner, the staff interacting and playing with my little guy, them preparing special goodies just for him, and being able to talk directly to Chef Ash and learning about the love and quality of food put into play, having him proudly showing us the kitchen and really seeing the passion involved for him in his environment....it was very nice and appreciated :)The food and service here are worth the drive all the way over by St Rose/Eastern (45min for me), but the prices are stupid cheap right now. We had this 7 course chef's tasting menu for $25 a person....and this included a glass of the best sangria I've had.  Plenty of wine choices for $20-25 per bottle as well!Maybe it is just because they are only a few months old and trying to get the name out, but as it sits right now, this is THE BEST "bang for your buck" dinner in town! Give it a go!
4	Went here a couple of weeks ago with my family! Great family restaurant with Great food. A rare find in the valley. It's always one or the other. Walked in and we were greeted and seated immediately. Menu has a lot to offer for all kinds of tastes. Burgers, Pasta, Sandwiches, Grilled items...and lots of desserts to chose from... I started with the French Onion soup. Probably some of the best I have ever had. One of the servers came over and gave us a complementary Caprese Salad. Nice gesture, however not that flavorful. My husband ordered a hamburger. Large and juicy, served with fries. For the low price it was one of the best burgers for the money he has ever had. I ordered the shrimp ceviche for my entree. Nice presentation, very tasty.. Only drawback, way more chips than ceviche.. Wish is was a larger portion or if they could serve an entree portion. The service was fantastic!  The restaurant  has a play area for small children which is nice for parents who appreciate a good meal and can bring their children along. A must try if you're in the area or live in the neighborhood!
5	The food was fresh and had great favor. Staff was friendly, seen better decor but the food made up for it.
5	Great atmosphere with a kids corner.  Our two year old was happy playing. The food was very fresh high quality with a reasonable price.    Kafta and burger were very tasty from a fresh grill.  The vegetables still have that fresh crunch.  Overall this is the new it place for anthem and Henderson
5	This is a great little place for the anthem folks on south eastern, owners really care and take care of you!  We had the valentines tasting menu and will be back for the full monte as it was simply delicious  and romantic too!   The shrimp scampi and the lobster bisque were insanely good!  The steak pyramid was the star if the show with the mesquite wood taste and tender loose meat melting in your mouth.  The lemon sorbet was delish too and device was right on as well a price!   I hear they serve breakfast all day as an added bonus.   Bon appetite , enjoy this gem by anthem. Mmmmm mmmm good
4	After reading some reviews, we decided to come here for the 7 course chef's tasting menu, the Valentine's special.  It was $25 per person.The tasting menu included:-Fruit Sangria: The best fruit sangria I have tasted, even better than Firefly!-Caprese-Good.  Earl who hates fresh tomato, ate his.-Lobster Bisque: So awesome that we are coming back just for the bisque!-Lemon Sorbet: Out of lemon so we had the lime sorbet.  The sorbet was different because the bottom later of the small scoop of sorbet was frozen whipped cream.  Great palate cleanser.-Shrimp Scampi: the slice of baguette that came with this is so tasty...and the shrimp, was a jumbo shrimp and was perfectly cooked.-Chicken Florentine: I am not a fan of this type of food, so I really shouldn't comment.  I got nothing to compare it to.-Steak Pyramid: Sirloin but gosh, so tender!  -Cheese Cake and Strawberry Chocolate Dip: that's what we got.This establishment is very family oriented.  The staff are friendly and attentive.  I really hope Bon Chef will continue to have these types of tasting because it is definitely a great way for guests to taste the different items that Bon Chef has to offer and return for that favorite dish.  We are fans and will come back for the delicious Lobster Bisque.
5	This place is new and a MUST TRY PLACE.  It has only been open for about 4 months, but the French style cooking takes it over the top.  Not only that, I would say the Chef here, Ash is probably one of the best in Las Vegas......Everything is made fresh to order and the matzo ball soup, very close to being better then my moms (hope she is not on Yelp).  Don"t let the name fool you, Cafe, it is not fast food.  Loving tender care is really put into every dish here.  We have been here twice and on the second visit, the Chef came out and talked to us.  The quality of the food is TOP quality otherwise it is not used here.  Deserts are made in house daily.  And of all the places I have ever been in, and there has been many that I have gotten to know the owners, or the chef would come out and chat a little, but this place is the ONLY place the Chef has ever said, "I am willing to take any customer who wants to see my clean my kitchen is, anytime".  Really????  Obviously this place is run by people who care about the customers and the food.On my first visit i had the Steak Tower and it was really good.  The second time, I had the wings which were just ok...they were good tasting but in my opinion very small.  The soup as I said was awesome, served in a small pot right off the stope.I also had the falafel plate and it was really good.  My wife had Coq au vin which was on the special"s and it was very good.  This last time she had the Tomato Basil soup which was excellent, my daughter had the Lobster Bisque soup which was some of the freshest and I have ever seen.  It was very rich in the French tradition.  My wife has the grilled chicken which is grilled from fresh, so expect to wait, but it is worth waiting for with a mesquite taste that is out of this world.  My daughter had the macaroni which is made as pasta with beef with cheese over it and it was really very good.Lastly, the Prices, I cannot end this without mentioning the prices here...you will find a more reasonable meal in this town then here at this place and the caliber of the food (quality) and care put into the food, this place is a MUST FOR EVERYONE to try...
5	Absolutely best savory crepes since Cafe' Michelle's in the 70s... the savory crape with shrimp (nice size) mushrooms, and tomatoes, in a buttery lemon sauce was EXCELLENT!!!  THE BEST!!!  Lobster bisque bakes in pastry puff was bold and rich, soooo good.  Service was fast and friendly.  I will go back to try new items.  Restaurant was founded and created by real chefs!!!
2	I'm sorry but this place just did not live up to the hype. The place is pretty nice itself and the people are friendly. This would have been 1 star but it's hard to find a place a family of 3 can eat for $36. The service was just ok not great. The food lacked seasoning at least the chicken florentine I got was almost inedible it was very dry and just kind of bland. With lot of salt and pepper it was just ok. I would have sent it back but I had already waited about 30 min for the dish and was just hungry. I have to say for $4.99 the kids spaghetti and meatballs is a giant portion for a kid again it's just ok the sauce was fine but the meatballs have no flavor whatsoever. The burger my g/f ordered had good flavor but we ordered medium and it was well done, again we were hungry and it was just before they were closing so we didn't send that back either. The trifold we shared for desert also had no flavor. It was pretty horrible actually. Sorry Bon Chef if you want my business you need to step up your game. I can't say I'll be back any time soon.
3	Good food but their service was slow for some reason.Not sure why since the restaurant was only 1/3 full at the time we were there.The chef came out to apologize and he was quite nice.  My chicken noodle soup was a bit salty but to be salt sensitive.The soup was nice and hot with lots of chicken.We actually started with the ceviche... it was very very good!  I'd go back and just have that.  Mom had a fish sandwich and the fish was nice and tender.  We saw salads come out and they were big and tasty looking.Will be back to try more of their menu.
5	I'm glad I stumbled upon this place. It is a very nice place with a friendly atmosphere. The waitress was very helpful and friendly. So were the chefs. The food were delicious. I love the hummus. It has a nice twist to it. The ceviche was great as well. The dessert was great, but it was a big portion since I overstuffed myself from the hummus and ceviche. The Lobster Bisque was new to me. It has great flavor. I would definitely come back here again.
1	It absolutely breaks my heart to write this review.  After reading all the wonderful reviews, I really wanted dine here.  I love and support local business and was so excited.  I was absolutely disappointed with my experience here.The restaurant itself is adorable.  It is cozy, allows a lot of natural lighting, and quaintly decorated.  I was so excited to be there.The service was absolutely subpar.  Our server (I never got her name because she never introduced herself to us) was very impersonal.  Neither of us once got the feeling we were welcomed there or that our patronage was appreciated.  After reading rave reviews about the baked lobster bisque topped with a puff pastry, I was so excited to try it.  I was told there would be a 15 minute wait for it, but good things come to those who wait, right?  My friend ordered the steak pyramid.We drank all our water and our glasses remained empty until the time we got our food.  So, for over 15 minutes we waited with no water to drink while there was only one other couple in the restaurant.  I overheard the other couple trying to order an alcoholic beverage.  The server seemed perplexed as to their own drink menu and the gentleman had to point out on the drink menu what he wanted to order.When our food finally arrived, I still had high hopes.  Here was an opportunity for recovery.  Unfortunately, everything fell flat.  The puff pasty is messy when you break it into the soup.  The flakes kind of fall everywhere.  This wouldn't be a problem, but the soup is served in a little bowl on a little saucer, so pastry flakes went all over the table.  Even my friend's plate seemed too small for his dish and rice (even though he ordered fries) fell on the table.  And I swear neither of us are messy eaters.  We brought to their attention the error in my friend's order and that was remedied, but it felt like we bothered them to get the side we had ordered in the first place. The lobster bisque was just disappointing.  When I think of lobster bisque, I think of creamy, orangey soup with thick chunks of delicious lobster in it.  This bisque was liquidy, greyish orange (there were visible oil beads separated from the rest of the base floating on the surface) with 3 small pieces of lobster in it.  I couldn't bring myself to eat the whole thing.The steak pyramid was just okay.  There were only 3 small pieces of actual steak in the tall pyramid that we determined was primarily made of onion rings. My friend asked for it medium rare.  It was definitely medium well. It looked nothing like the other Yelp pictures. Another disappointment.We were both obviously done dinning for awhile and sat in sheer disappointment as we waited over 10 minutes for our bill.  I still have no idea what our server was doing because as I stated, there were only 2 couples in the restaurant.As a small business, it is imperative to be proactive in customer satisfaction. I know the owners actually read these reviews as I see recovery responses to the negative reviews on here.  But if your employees actually paid attention to your customers while they were at the restaurant, it would never get to this point.The service absolutely needs refinement.  I am not expecting to be catered to, but I expect to be treated with respect and as though I am appreciated as a customer.  Never once did our server "talk" to us or even ask how we were doing.  And the food was not very good either.  I am so disappointed, I will not be back and would never recommend anyone to dine here.
4	I have now been to the Bon Chef Cafe twice and both times did not disappoint.  This time I tried the meat lover's omelet and it was very tasty.  It came with plenty of hash browns which were good as well.The service was good both times we have gone and I had plenty of refills on drinks.The first time I went I tried the Steak Pyramid and it was very good as well.Overall I would have no problem telling people to check this place out.
5	Finally had the chance to eat here with Duchess Shirley B.  I'd been looking forward to dining here because I've only heard good things from other Yelpers.  We arrived on a Tuesday night at 6:45pm and the place wasn't busy at all; I think there were two other parties there when we walked in.  Our party of five was greeted warmly by the staff and Chef Ash came over to hug the duchess as well as welcome the rest of us.  We had:hummus with pita chips x2baked lobster bisque x 2tilapiachicken marsalacrepe de crevettes  (sauteed shrimp and mushrooms in lemon butter cream sauce wrapped in crepes)  x 2I thought the crepe de crevettes dish was delicious, especially since I don't eat butter cream sauce very often.  I also had the baked lobster bisque, which I was looking forward to the most.  However, I thought it was quite salty, so I was a bit disappointed, but the pastry on top was very good.  The hummus was also great and our server kept replenishing us with fresh pita chips, which weren't really chips, but sliced pita bread--not crunchy. At the end of the meal, Chef Ash himself brought us complimentary dessert:  baklava, my favorite!  5 stars right there.  Thankfully, everyone was so full that I got 1.5 pieces;  I was also full, but you can't let good baklava go to waste.  I look forward to more visits as there are many good-looking menu items still to try.  Five stars for me is always great food and great service and Bon Chef fit the bill.  It's even better when that experience is shared with great friends; we'll be back.
5	My overall experience with Bon Chef Cafe is this....Bang For Your Buck!!!I had my chance to eat here when they first opened and sometime before Valentines, but circumstances beyond my control prevented me.  Then I saw that the Duchess of Bon Chef aka Shirley B was holding her first UYE here.  I'm a fan of UYE's and an even bigger fan of Shirley B.  I wanted to show my support for her first UYE, but knew I was going to be out of town that day.  Sorry Shirley B!!All was not lost though.  Coincidentally, Terri R brought up that we need to try Bon Chef before we start to get serious with our training.  I was thinking the same thing.  And you know what would make dinner at Bon Chef even better...that's dinner with Shirley B herself.  So it's on!!! Terri R contacted Shirley B, I contacted Ian A, and my other favorite twin Alicia R also made the dinner.  Just from the line up, I already knew a great meal was ahead of us. We arrived at the same time and was greeted with open arms from Chef Ash and Team Bon Chef.  Chef Ash noticed that we had Shirley with us and stated "Tonight, you will be treated like Kings and Queens".  All this special treatment just because we had the Duchess with us.  First impression...5 stars Homie. And by the way, I'm the Duke of In-N-Out in case you wanted to know.  Now let's take a look at the menu. First review off the menu was immediate delight.  Everything on the menu was decently price, okay it was cheap.  Everyone got something different, but we all shared the pita and hummus.  This was so addicting that even with two orders on the table, an extra order was made.  I ended up getting their Tilapia a la francaise, which is their tilapia filet, egg battered in lemon and white wine sauce.  Not what you're thinking with this one.  They hooked this bad boy up.  The dish came with rice, some greens that I never eat, and 3 well portioned filets of tilapia.  This was so deliciously made, flaky, and was complimented perfectly with their egg battered lemon/wine sauce.  About 10 oz of great tasting tilapia for less than $12 is a steal.  Obviously, I was not disappointed with my first visit to Bon Chef Cafe.Once our meal as done and the bill was paid, Chef Ash brought over some complimentary Baklava for dessert.  I guess when you dine with the Duchess, you truly are treated like Kings.  Thank you Chef Ash.  Thank you Shirley B.  PS:  Read the reviews. Great service is given to everyone here.  You don't need to have the Duchess with you for a superb experience.  But it sure doesn't hurt. Question for Shirley B:  Who's got it better than us???  Tilapia a la francaise:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=XpXtyXo3q0QC5IC8nFdOhA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQBaklava: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=hyC9TYvDDZH8div7ZdJrDA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
4	Definitely a regular here for a few reasons. The food is of a consistently good quality, the service is also very good, and they have a little area for the kids to play.Before having kids, I hated going to restaurants that had kids running around and being obnoxious. After having kids, I hated that even more. Which means my kids have a pretty small selection of restaurants to go to, but Bon Chef Cafe lets them have their own little play area!The child's menu is fantastic as well, really embracing the family that wants to go out and dine without compromising on food quality.I'm really torn between a 5 star or 4 star. We enjoy going here, come in regularly but there is usually some minor awkward moment (a coupon is rejected, some plate is late or has some issue).I'll start at a 4, and hope to bump it to a 5!
5	Very nice place....food tasty and reasonable.  Macaroni El Forno was awesome.  Loved the play area for the kids...allowed adults to relax and enjoy the meal.
4	I bought a LivingSocial deal for Bon Chef Cafe because it's close to home and I thought it would be a good place to try for breakfast.  We ended up getting there later then planned so we had lunch instead of breakfast - although they do offer breakfast all day. We started with the hummus and it was fantastic!  I would go back just for the hummus alone.  For our main dishes I had a chef salad and my boyfriend had a chicken ceasar wrap.  Both we're delicious and the wrap was huge and could have easily fed both of us.We definitely plan to go back again for breakfast or one of their 5 course brunches.
3	This is a great neighborhood restaurant.
5	Had the pleasure of attending my first UYE here thanks to Shirley B. My wife and I were the newbies walking in and not sure what to expect but were immediately greeted by the warm hospitality of owners and staff who graciously took us to the Yelpers table :)The restaurant is unassuming and the decor is as warm as the staff and even has a children's play area. It truly is a quaint little cafe that you want to keep returning to. At our table was ordered the baked lobster bisque with a light buttery, flakey chewy crust that enveloped a delicious bisque with pieces of lobster meat. The burgers were stacked high like Mount Sinai which left us wondering how our little Yelper would be able to conquer it but did just the same. Fabulous wine selection. Outstanding service and good food. We got to enjoy some freshly made baklava that my wife who is not usually a fan devoured. Chef Ash even gave us a tour of the kitchen at the end. We really felt like VIP's and can't wait to come back to Bon Chef Cafe.
4	I came here with fellow Yelpers last Tuesday and was so pleasantly surprised by this hidden gem. I have heard quite a lot of good things about this restaurant and researched the menu like crazy before I arrived. The restaurant was extremely accommodating for our large party. They made sure our table was assembled in a timely manner and service was incredibly attentive and friendly. I ordered the macaroni el forno. A Mediterranean version of lasagna using rigatoni instead of lasagna noodles and the added touch of bechamel sauce. This dish was amazing. Great sauce and all the ground beef was moist and flavorful. Everyone else's dishes looked amazing as well. My table mates tried the schwarma and rotisserie chicken and both were dishes I would be interested in trying next time. They smelled absolutely delicious. They have some excellent happy hour specials that end at 6, so we just missed the cut off but I'll definitely be back to check them out next time.
5	Great service.  The food was much tBetter than expected based on the decor. The decor was more of a diner feel.
4	My wife chose the eggs Benedict with me choosing a spinach omelet with mushrooms and cheese.  Each entree included breakfast potatoes that were almost as good as those served at Ellis Island.  Both dishes were well executed and service was excellent.  Our server turned out to be one of the restaurant partners that opened in mid-October 2012. Prices are moderate given the high quality of the food.
5	The two things that absolutely stand out at this restaurant are the food and the service.  For an appetizer, my companion and I shared a caprese salad.  The twist is that it is made with lightly grilled eggplant in addition to the tomato and cheese.  And the eggplant is simply grilled to perfection.There is an entire Italian section of the menu that we ignored, instead both choosing from the Mediterranean-inspired section.  My shawarma was an absolute knockout.  I'm more accustomed to having shawarma in pita bread as a gyro, but this was diced instead of sliced and heaped onto 2 pieces of french bread.  The spices added to the meat were simply delicious and the serving was enormous.My companion ordered the mixed grill, mostly desiring the lamb chop.  She thoroughly enjoyed the lamb, but wound up also loving the beef kofta included in the dish.The service was about as good as it gets with our waiter rarely out of earshot and a couple of check-ins by the chef.  As is their custom, staff rush to the door to open it for departing guests which is a really impressive touch.A small problem for me - both the restaurant decor and the physical menus have a very cafeteria-like feel which doesn't really fit with either the food or - more importantly - with the pricing.  Appetizers are $7-$10 and entrees are $15-$20 which feels very expensive for the fast casual setting. I'm looking forward to trying their Italian dishes the next time I visit.
5	My wife and I grabbed lunch today here at Bon Chef Cafe and I was totally ecstatic with our experience. Food was awesome, service was great, and the atmosphere was familiar and quiet. We ordered some of the reasonably priced entrees, the portions were solid (not too much not too little), quality was on point, and they even brought out a couple of samples of their baklava with a coffee we ordered after the meal. Little details like the chef coming out and asking how everything was were just icing on the cake. We're going to give breakfast and dinner a shot as well.
2	Like many others I was excited to to try this place, they had a Cobb salad and I wanted to try the lobster bisque.  We ordered immediately she got Chicken fingers and fries and loved them and the play area. I ordered the Bisque and Salad, the bisque was dark colored and steaming hot, not much lobster and not a good bisque, If you want a real bisque go to Ventano's, I suggest the owners try it too, because that is what a Lobster bisque should taste like. Cobb salad was standard fare, it was OK.
3	Opportunities: clear trash from tables as it becomes available. If you are the proprietor of the restaurant its important you build relationships with your patrons. Don't hide in the back and never never walk by a table without introducing yourself. Open the sunshades if the sun isn't beating down in the windows. Makes for better atmosphere. Plus it allows those driving by to peek inside. Pay a professional for a proper menu design and and have have a quality menu printed. You only make a good first impression once.
5	We were driving around tonight looking for a place to have dinner and happened upon Bon Chef Cafe.  Wow...were we glad we did!  The food was so fresh and flavorful...we felt like we had gone to a friend's house for a delicious dinner:) Staff were super friendly, ambiance was comfortable and cozy and the food was divine!  So happy we ended up here tonight:)
3	I've been here a couple times and have had both breakfast and lunch items. The food overall has good taste, but every time I go, all the dishes contain way too much salt. However, if you like coffee, I would definitely recommend having a cup.
5	Love this place!  So inviting, comfortable and super clean.  The kids play area is fantastic!  Loved all of our food.  I had Cobb salad which was beautiful and huge!  Daughter had burger with no bun.  So flavorful and cooked perfectly.  Hubby had Chicken Florentine which was delish.  Other kids had lamb and steak kebabs.  Again very flavorful and cooked perfectly.  Everyone loved the french onion soup.  We'll definitely be back.  Great prices and wonderful service.
5	This is a real gem, with "EXCELLENT FRENCH FOOD & MEDITERRANEAN FOOD" at very reasonable prices. Large portions on line with the Claim Jumper or Cheesecake Factory, without the frozen defrosted desserts or out of sight drink prices. Bon has excellent wine list, superb wood fired grilled mixed grill dishes. Coco Van, excellent French onion soup authentic French! My lady is French from Montreal and knows French food and she said this is outstanding! I really love the lamb chops & shanks. Desserts are great too! Its is right behind Domino's Pizza just south of Horizon Ridge! The owners are executive chefs from Egypt & trained in France! Try it!
5	Awesome experience! One of the best new restaurants I have come across in a long time. This hidden gem has been open about 8 months and was opened by 4 families that know each other from church. When we arrived, one of the owners greeted us personally, and checked in on us throughout the meal. The chef also came out to meet us half way through the meal. Everything we had was fantastic, and the owner and our server showed passion and enthusiasm for the food. While we were there, we had the cream of mushroom soup, and the french onion soup, the crepe de crevettes, the macaroni el forna, and the seafood paella. everything was made to order, fresh, and unique. the owner explained that the macaroni el forna is an israeli dish, and explained that the chef was trained in europe. the pride the owner's take in their food is obvious, the food is superb, and the owners gave us samples of a few dishes they are working on that were yummy and i would definitely come back to try. they also let us know that they are doing a wine tasting in june, which i would also come back for.  the atmosphere is casual and cozy, and makes for an excellent, affordable dinner. the restaurant is a little tucked away and hard to find. i hope that this won't negatively effect its business because there isn't anything like this restaurant in the neighborhood, and the food is definitely worth a visit.
5	I am not going to mention anything else about this place but this. This morning I had the most perfect chocolate chip waffle I have ever had................
2	Maybe I didn't see the right menu, but this is just your average diner. To be specific, I was here for breakfast. Prices were barely reasonable for average items, served at sub-par portions. I don't see what the big deal is. I actually feel misled by the reviews and the pictures on Groupon (which was the only reason I came).We had a waffle with blueberries (which hilariously is an additional option at "market price" - seriously?!?!) which was just a waffle popped out of a waffle iron and put on a plate. Lame - and a horrible horrible rip off for $8-9. However, I won't say I didn't like the breakfast burrito, though. It was fine. Hash browns, eggs, sausage of some kind, and some spices. Not bad, but nothing worth remembering. Also, a side of home fries which would have barely been enough for one person at any other diner.Not a bad place, but not worth going all the way out into deep Henderson to have. I may have to update this if I ever accidentally end up here for dinner.
4	Came here for breakfast. Service was friendly, food was good but I thought there would be more "fancy" options for breakfast as others have posted about their lunches and dinners.  Nevertheless, I will try this place again for lunch and dinner. I noticed they also have tapas, so that will be in the works in the near future. c'est bien!
4	I had lunch at Bon Chef Cafe on a Friday around 12:45.  There were only about 5 tables seated, so service was very quick.  One of the soups of the day was clam chowder, which the server spoke highly of, but I had to try the lobster bisque with the crust baked on top, as many yelpers noted it's fantastic.  It took over 10 minutes, but that's understandable since it has to bake.  I was not overly impressed with this dish, I would give it 3 or maybe even 2.5 stars.  It had about a half dozen chunks of lobster in it.  But, the crust was gooey around the side of the bowl where it came in contact with the soup.  This made it difficult to eat, you had to use your spoon as a knife in spots.  And, it was HOT.  Incredibly hot when it was brought out, and it hardly cooled throughout the meal.  Even at the end it had barely cooled enough to the point I could take a bite without blowing on it.  It had a nice broth to it and good flavor, but the temperature and gooey crust were hard to overcome.The chicken quesadilla, on the other hand, was just about perfect.  It was a large serving, 4 good size pieces.  It comes with sour cream, quac, and pico.  I wish they sold the pico, it was perfect.  It was chunky, but the pieces of tomato and onion were VERY small.  The person that chopped the veggies is very talented, or the machine they used somehow didn't pulverize them.  The quesadillas had a nice crust on them, and the cheese was melted nicely.  They are packed with filling.  Definitely will order this again.There is a small play area for kids that I saw some families enjoying, so that's nice if you have young children with you.Looks like they have a nice tapas happy hour on weekday afternoons.  I'll give it a shot some day...
5	HOME RUN !!I've noticed this restaurant for some time now while driving down Eastern from Anthem and decided to finally check it out.  Since my husband and I really appreciate a good breakfast place ( BTW the word  " CAFE" in the name is a little misleading , because this establishment is SO MUCH MORE THAN A CAFE)  we decided to give Bon Cafe a try. The eggs benedict my husband ordered we're pure perfection and my sausage and biscuits were scrumptious as well. The coffee was no ordinary generic restaurant brand. Lavazza !  We couldn't believe it ! ...As for the service....well... superlatives are following here as well.  Our server happened to be one of the owners. He couldn't have been more attentive and pleasant introducing us to the establishment along with describing other dishes and specialties....Now I might add that we are former restaurant owners from back East.  My husband can be very annoyingly PICKY and FUSSY when it comes to eating out . There are only a few places in Las Vegas that he has ever raved about ( and we've been to many) and Bon Cafe is one of them. We will definitely be back  as I have no doubt that whatever we order will be exceptional.
4	I have been missing out on this place.  Just stopped by for lunch, with the family, and was very happy. The service was GREAT and the simple food we ordered was very impressive.  Then we couldn't pass up on those deserts and cappuccino. This late lunch turned into an early dinner.  I am looking forward to trying dinner and breakfast.
5	We had lunch here for the first time earlier today and the food was AMAZING.  My husband had the chef salad and he said it was the best chef salad he's had...ever! I had the crepes (w/ shrimp and mushroom) and it was excellent.  The service was great.  I'm so excited that this is in our hood, I'd pick this any day over a chain restaurant.
1	I had a bit of a dreadful, awkward experience here.  I'd wanted to try this spot for awhile and when a Groupon popped up, I finally had my chance.I went for dinner and we ordered the Macaroni el Forno (macaroni, bechamel and meat sauce), lobster bisque, and sweet potato fries.  Yes, random, I know.Anyways, shortly after ordering, I noticed that the happy hour menu was still in effect.  I wanted to order a glass of wine and we asked the waiter/owner if we could order it since it was 5:58 (happy hour ended at six).  Thus began the Bon Chef happy hour wine inquisition.  First, although we told the waiter it was 5:58, the waiter didn't believe us and then left the table to go confirm the time.  Okay, fine, whatever. Then, when he came back he told us, in a really rude way, that we couldn't order the wine because we had a Groupon.  Considering we had already ordered MORE than the value of the Groupon, I found this excuse to be B.S.  But, it really wasn't worth it to get "into it" over a $3 glass of wine.  However, I would never, ever, EVER recommend this place for happy hour because they seemed determined to prevent people from ordering from that menu. From then on, we just wanted this whole experience to be over.The food, unfortunately, did not make up for the awkward atmosphere.  The sweet potato fries were pretty limp and mushy.  The Macaroni el Forno, their "signature dish," was boring and tasted a bit like Hamburger Helper.The most disappointing of all was the lobster bisque.  Maybe I'm spoiled from all the lobster bisques I've had on the East coast, but, wow, this was bad. One tiny, tiny piece of lobster, nothing else, and a weird flavor.  It was also the color of liquid garbage.  I would not recommend this to anyone.Topping off this great meal, the waiter demanded to push the "redeemed" button on my Groupon phone app.  Jesus, do I look that untrustworthy/sketchy?  Over it.
2	We were not planning on having dinner at this casual restaurant, but our plans changed and it was convenient to where we were staying.  I ordered macaroni el forno, a dish recently touted by restaurant reviewer Max Jacobson, as my entree while my wife chose the chicken marsala. Both entrees included fresh garden salads that were enhanced by house made dressings. My entree, similar to lasagna sans the ricotta, was accompanied by a flavorless Parmesan cream sauce. The pasta was layered with a meat sauce that proved to be little more than an under seasoned ground beef mixture. My wife fared no better with her over sauced and overcooked chicken marsala.
5	My friends took me to this restaurant while I was visiting them in Nevada. Being from Southern California I am a bit of a foodie, but I'm not a food snob, my philosophy is  as long as it tastes amazing I'm usually a happy camper.  My friends said that they were taking me to their "regal beagle". I laughed and said ok this should be interesting. When we approached the restaurant it's in a strip mall, like any causal dining location. When I entered the place it was open, casual , clean and quaint. they had a cute kids corner, which was nice as we had my friend's daughter with us.   We were warmly greeted and everyone was so nice from the hostess, the waitress and even the chefs themselves.  The head Chef made it a point to talk to every table in that restaurant.   The food was spectacular and delicious.  The clam chowder is creamy and  the chef adds a hint of sherry to give it that extra richness and add body to the flavor.  My friend order the salmon with scampi.  Now I do not eat salmon except at sushi, because it seems as though everyone does not properly cook it and its mushy.  I tried his salmon and I am convinced that next time that I visit this is what I plan to order.  I had the Beef Kabob and it was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  My other friend ordered the  salad was giant and very fresh. I would recommend this place to everyone.  If your willing to drive away from the stip, and experience some great food at a very reasonable price, you have to check this place out!!!
2	Not what we had hoped.  Service was okay, food was okay, and everything was overpriced for what we got.I understand that sometimes pictures on menus may not be an accurate depiction of what you may get, but I was reasonably disappointed by my breakfast sandwich order. Bacon egg, cheese and sausage on the bread of your choice for 9.99.  I figured, at that price, the picture was on the menu to justify the price.The picture had a heaping amount of eggs between the bread, and I'm certain that what I actually got was one-fourth the amount shown. Also, it was just 1 piece of bacon (halved) on the bread. The eggs were not very good, the sausage was no better than jimmy dean --- this was not what I had expected for the price. At a 3.99 price point maybe but I would have rather went to McDonalds.My husbands chicken fried steak was not much better. It was EXTREMELY greasy.  You could actually taste the oil.  I had one bite of his and actually felt my arteries harden. The saving grace was that the gravy was pretty decent.The service went downhill after our server had 2 more tables -- it took a good 10- 15 minutes to get our check (he had 3 tables total - the restaurant was not very busy).If this were a diner with diner prices, I would written an entirely different review, but it's not so I won't. Meh, I've had better is right on the money. Maybe lunch is the way to go.
3	To begin, it makes me a little sad to rate this as three stars because the people who work here deserve a 5 star rating. They are really wonderful and have always been professional and incredibly friendly! If you want great service, please come here because they are as good as can be.However, food wise, I am really torn about this place. It seems like the concept is there but the follow through always makes me want more. We attended for the mother's day brunch special and the food was ok, but nothing that I really wanted to eat again. The Bon Chef salad was good but it had too many flavors competing with each other. The lobster bisque was really salty. The fish main entree was good but after the first 3 courses it was too much for me. I began to wonder if it was just too much food and figured I would give it a second chance.The second time I came here, same wonderful service, but the food was again a little off. I am not sure if it is a case of the ingredients not being where I think they should be or what. I had the Bon Chef salad (again) and the chicken quesadilla. The quesadilla was good but kinda bland.Either way, I am sure I will be back because my friends love this place and they love supporting very nice people, but I won't be very excited about it.
1	Great food, horrible customer service!  I purchased a Groupon in June and went there with my husband.  The food was excellent and the waiter was extremely nice and accommodating.  Consequently, I returned and later bought another groupon when they came out in July.  However, the next trip was a complete 180.  I spent about $70 on food and drink for my daughter and myself.  When ready to leave, I presented the Groupon to our waiter (different waiter, older, some sort of accent).  Evidently he pushed the "redeem" button because he handed the phone back to me with the message, " Are you certain you want to redeem this Groupon."  And, told me there was something wrong with my phone.  I explained it was just prompting us to redeem the Groupon.  He seemed confused, so, I pressed, "Yes."  Unfortunately, he had apparently not written the code down.  Consequently, he told me I could not use the Groupon and accused me, in front of all the other customers, of trying to rip him off by using an expired Groupon.  I was livid because no matter how I or my daughter tried to explain it to him, he would not listen.  I asked to speak with the manager.  However, he told me he was the owner.  At that point, we left and I informed him I would never return.  After we got home, my daughter, still very upset, called to speak with him.  He continued to refuse to listen and offered no solution.  All of this nonsense over a Groupon that would have cost the business $10, since they had already received the $10 I spent on it.  As it turned out, he was not the owner.  The owner called my daughter the next day and apologized, stating that she would make it right.  She suggested I stop payment on the transaction.  However, I was told by the bank that debit transactions cannot be stopped.  I relayed this message to the owner, but have never received a response.  So,  I can only assume that she has no intention of making it right, either   I can't believe any concerned business owner would let an employee  treat customers that way and not make it right.  Bon Chef has lost my family's business and I will not hesitate to inform everyone who asks me about the cafe what my last experience was like.  Bon Chef, "Shame on you!"
4	Just got home from having dinner at this wonderful restaurant. Four of us dined on everything from their great lentil soup...yes, I know it's over 100 degrees outside...but it was worth it; to the Mixed Grill.  The burger was delicious (I tasted my boyfriends).  The Shrimp Scampi was terrific!  The Mixed Grill was just about perfect.  I ordered what they referred to as  "Paella" on the menu.  While I didn't think it was anything near a traditional paella, it was one of the best "seafood risottos" I've ever had.  It had very generous portions of mussels, clams, shrimp, crawfish, tilapia, portuguese sausage, scallops and calamari and it was just spicy enough to be interesting but not too hot.  And the presentation was very inventive.Service was great.  Our waiter could not have been nicer.You can be sure I'll be back for another visit, as will my dining companions.
5	So many reasons to love this place! Food is great, service is top-notch, and my 2yo son loves the play area.I had the crepe de crevettes and it was savory, light, and delicious. The sauce was so tasty and it had a good amount of shrimp. Portion was good too, I had it for my main course even though they have it listed under starters. The service was awesome as soon as we walked in and the chef even came out to ask us how our food was. I will definitely come back and want to try the tapas happy hour menu!
5	FILLING AND MOST SATISFYINGWhen we drove up to this place I had no idea what to expect.  The actual layout of the restaurant and its openness confused my restaurant instincts.  We were free to pick our own table. Once we were seated we noticed the Lunch Special card and the server had to go and find out that it was only available during the weekday.  The selections to their menu is a little bit of Italian and a little bit Middle Eastern, making it what I suppose Mediterranean. I settled for Macaroni el Forno and Yu-go chauffeur selected Chicken Shawarma with fries extra crispy.When my piping hot dish of Macaroni el Forno arrived it undoubtedly reminded me of my favorite Greek dish Pasticcio. Actually it tasted very much like Pasticcio. Yu-go's Chicken Shawarma was served on top of a creased pocket bread flanked with his crispy fries on one side and a salad on the other side.It's the only independent restaurant that caters to children with a designated play area. The restaurant is airy and very simple with plenty of natural lighting. The Mediterranean Menu is designed to take care of the working man's appetite without breaking the bank.I look forward to my next visit to host a UHE "Unofficial Henderson Event".
2	I really wish I could give this place more.  I had really high hopes. Unfortunately there were too many things which needed improvement.We walked into the restaurant around 2pm.  At that time there were only a few others seated and eating already.  I will say that this was a quaint little place with a quick and friendly staff.  So to begin our journey....  We wanted to try the Buffalo Wings since those are my husbands favorite  food.  After the waiter brought our drinks we ordered those as we were still deciding on our lunch to order.  Shortly after we placed our lunch order.  I went with the Club with soup instead of fries.  My husband ordered the Cajun Chicken Sandwich. In a little bit my tomato basil soup was brought out before the meal (not with my sandwich).  We thought this was strange that we hadn't got our wings yet.  Hmm...   But I was giving them the benefit of the doubt thinking the soup was already prepared and the wings needed a little more time.  The soup was luke warm at best.  It did have a good flavor but would have been better hot as intended.   Tick tock, tick tock, tick tock....   About 35 minutes passed before our sandwiches were brought out.  With no other meals being prepared except ours, I was surprised it took this long to bring us our meal.  I will say my sandwich was stacked with the meat. I wasn't going to complain about that.  But does it really take that long to put together a deli style sandwich? My husbands cajun chicken was just ok.  (I had a little taste).  And still no chicken wings.  Oh well.  Like I said, I really wanted them to be a 5 star review but I just can't do it with our dining experience.   I know there are yelpers out there that love this place.  Maybe I'll have to try it for breakfast one of these days.
5	Our meal cost about $65 + tax + tip. We got:$20 appetizer sampler: onion rings, fried shrimp, loaded potato wedges (big), pita bread with hummus, 2 big meatballs /// so, the hummus was surprisingly good because they put lime and small diced tomatoes and green onions in it. The meat balls, which come with extra sauce naturally, were delicious but not really spicy as listed.My wife ordered the "macoroni tower" (macoroni al forno) which was delicious and soft... think lasagna but better which was $13They REALLY accomodated me because I enquired about something which wasn't suppose to be on the menu as it was seasonal (lamb shank)... they didn't think they had it at first but looked harder and found one. That was about $23. The meat was pretty good and it came with this rice which remimded me of paella rice (slightly creamy red) and this big potato cube which was basically thinly sliced potato with ricotta cheese between each slice. For anyone who loves cold potatoes and ricotta cheese it would be the bomb but I'm not a big fan... that's not to say it wasn't good... it's just not the type of food I prefer. The lamb shank was big and came on a bed of the same pasta sauce that the meatballs came with (on the appetizer)The service was great and the waiter was courteous and talkative. I honestly can't complain about anything we ate because it was all good. It's all a little on the pricey side but what do you expect? It's hard to find this kind of food in Vegas that actually tastes this good.P.S. Some interesting trivia about this building: It used to be Sushi Factory, then the building was split in half and a wall separated it into 2 buildings. When you walk in, look towards your right and see the big wall with the big painted logo "Bon Chef Cafe", that wall wasn't there before. THEY HAVE FREE Wi-fi too!
5	What a wonderful restaurant. We tried their seafood paella and the Macaroni al forno, both tasted great. I love how well seasoned everything was. The waitress was very attentive and the chef came out to greet our table as well as another gentleman who was there that might have been the owner. I will definitely be back for more. Extra points for me leaving my phone and the waitress chasing me down all the way at the car to return it.
5	Good service - great M-F lunch, tapas and drink specials, good desserts and coffee. I only wish this was on my side of town!   :D
4	I had high expectations of this place and they were met and possibly exceeded. It's been on my radar now since the pre-fix valentines menu. FINALLY got the opportunity and I jumped on it. It is at the corner of a strip mall with a great not too big, not too small interior. We came an hour before closing so there was not much traffic and we were treated with superb service. The chef also stopped by to make sure we were happy. (love when they do that)Between 3 of us, we ordered chicken marsala, shrimp and salmon scampi, chicken alfredo, lobster bisque, and the chicken wings appetizer. I was very pleased with everything, however I do prefer my bisque with a tad more texture. It was a bit runny. That would be the only thing I'd skip on next time. The salmon was one of the best ever. Cooked to perfection! My daughter killed the alfredo, it also was homemade and yummy. Towards the end if you want dessert., there is no menu. You just go over to the case and pick one. I was confused on the unique style desserts they offered. The chef was so sweet, he offered to take all 3 types of baklava, cut in small pieces of 3, so each of us could try them all. Based on the hospitality alone I would return here. The fact that the food rocks, just an extra plus. PS: parents with ones 6 and under, totally cool play area for the kiddos!
4	Came here for the first time during happy hour. I got the Kofta Wrap with hummus. Very good. I enjoyed the combination of the beef and lamb. I'm always looking for "different" vs the usual stuff that I'm familiar with. I also tried their shrimp scampi from their happy hour menu and that's a good choice as well. It has a really good flavor to it. There are so many more items I'd like to try on their breakfast and dinner menu. This is definitely a good spot for Mediterranean food.  I also hear that their lobster bisque is a must have.  I will definitely will be coming back here. Service was good and the staff is friendly. I asked if they could extend the happy hour time from 6 to 7 so that I can make the drive after work and he said it can be done! Love that kind of hospitality!
2	For a place that hasn't even been around a full year, I feel like my history with Bon Chef is a long and storied one even though my first visit was last week.   I'd been wanting to try it ever since it opened, so much so that it became a running joke between me and my dining partner in crime (henceforth PIC) that I would always suggest "Bon Chef?" as an option when asked where we should eat.   This continued for the last 6-8 months with nary a single visit.  When the PIC actually brought it up as a serious suggestion to eat dinner last week, I almost hesitated for fear of losing this running joke.   In the end I agreed we should finally try it and off we went.We started with some beers which seemed to take a while to be delivered.  They had a decent selection of bottles to choose from, but after ordering the wait got to the point where I was looking around and annoyingly asking the PIC "Where the hell are our beers?"  Then, refills had to be requested by flagging down our server 5 minutes after my glass sat empty, and my PIC who ordered a Guinness was told upon trying to order another that they were out.   Not a huge deal and they supplanted it with another German dark beer, but a mild annoyance.I'd been craving (and missing) Hedary's lentil soup for some time now, and when I saw Lentil Soup on the menu here I had to order it.   It was decent.   Lentil soups from my experience vary wildly from restaurant to restaurant and this one neither pleased nor displeased me.   Not something I'd rush to order again but I wouldn't push it away if presented it either.As for the entrees my PIC got the steak Pyramid which I'd been hyping up since Bon Chef opened, and I went with the Mixed Grill because I always tend to order plates with way too much food (this boasted chicken, beef, kofta, and a pork chop over rice).   In the end I have to say I was very disappointed with my dish.   I ordered my beef to be done "medium" and felt that ALL the meat came out medium-well to well.   Most of it was dry and tough and lacked seasoning.  The one exception was the Kofta, which I thought had a great flavor and didn't seem as dry as the others.   The rice that accompanied it was fine, but I've certainly had better at other Mediterranean restaurants I frequent (shout out to Stephanos and Fat Greek).   My PIC's steak pyramid was much better, perhaps because she had the wherewithal to go medium rare on the cook.   Her steak was juicier and more tender than mine, though the flavor on it due to the marinade they used wasn't something that I liked much.   She was a fan though.   Unfortunately I'm writing this review and not her.  For food alone I would have probably gone with a 3 if everything else was perfect, but with the slow service on getting drinks and refills, the one bottle of Guinness caper, as well as what I feel are slightly high prices for what you get in return, the end result is a 2.  I might just be bitter for losing my long running joke with this visit.  Turns out the joke was on me all along.
4	My wife and I really love this place! We have been going here since they opened. Chef Ralph is a great guy a great host and a wonderful restauranteur. The lobster bisque is really not a true bisque, lobster soup would be more accurate name but it is amazing. All of the menu items we tried have been very good and reasonably priced.  It's our favorite local bistro.  Yum!
4	Met up with my favorites for brunch. Located along Eastern, in the same complex as Bratalian and I believe this used to be Sushi Factory. First thing I noticed was a play area for kids...they're definitely kid-friendly. They have crayons and coloring sheets and toys to keep kids busy.The brunch menu had so many things that appealed to me. Monte Cristo was the first thing on the menu and it seemed good so I was going to get that until I was told about the Banana NUTELLA pancakes! I also saw the eggs Benedict. So many to choose from, what a dilemma! Foodie partner to the rescue! So, we got all 3...problem solved.Monte Cristo:French toast, turkey, ham and cheese - battered and fried. I haven't had a good Monte Cristo since I left Omaha years ago.  This has got to be one of my favorite sammies. No veggies, just carbs and things that would clog your arteries (well, except maybe the turkey). But then they give you a side of fruits (raspberries, blueberries, strawberries, cantaloupe, pineapples and grapes). 4/5Banana Nutella Pancakes:I could taste the salted butter they put on the pancakes and the Nutella was just a drizzle. Sliced bananas and dabs of chocolate on top.  I had to ask for more Nutella - it was not enough. 3/5Eggs Benedict:You have the option of getting hash browns or Bon potatoes.  Some bastard chose Bon potatoes since the server said it has more flavor. What it is is country potatoes that aren't crispy...but that's ok.  The Hollandaise sauce was great, slightly tangy and had the right consistency. 4/5
5	Totally heartbroken since I just found out that Bon Chef closed. It was a fantastic gem that we visited at least a couple dozen times including a big party. Wish I'd left a deservedly glowing review before now. So sad to see it go, and wish all the owners the very best.
4	Amazing food and grate environment. Slow service but that's no biggie. FREE WIFI. Definitely going back.
