3	Another sushi bar in Charlotte, ok, sure, I'll bite! Never one to turn down any sushi experience, hubs and I rolled into Pisces to grab a quick, light dinner. The interior is modern, but more casual (and a bit smaller) than I anticipated. Regardless, we were seated right away and greeted within minutes. Our server was quite friendly and offered a few roll suggestions when asked. The sushi menu is pretty extensive, but at least half of the rolls have either cream cheese or some fried element in them. Not my favorite types - I prefer fresh fish and spices to cream cheese and fried goodness. At least in my sushi. Soy paper is available for $1, which is a nice addition for those who aren't seaweed fans. Hubs and I tried just two rolls, the First Love - crab, avocado, shrimp, mango, and the Rainbow Roll - California roll with assorted fresh fish on top. Both rolls were well-made and the fish was supremely fresh. Overall, the rolls are priced fairly all around. I read about the $9 All You Can Eat sushi lunch buffet and I'd definitely like to check that out when my tummy's a-rumblin'.
4	I'd heard about the $9 all-you-can-eat special, so I decided to give that a shot one day when I was particularly hungry.  This was also my first visit to Pisces.Overall, I thought it was a great lunch.  Here's what I got: one piece of tuna, one piece of albacore tuna, two pieces of mackerel, three spicy tuna rolls, one yellowtail roll, one asparagus roll, one shrimp tempura roll, and one tuna avocado roll.  Oh, and a coke.All of it was pretty good.  The asparagus roll was supposed to be a *tempura* asparagus roll, but it came out as a roll built around raw or steamed then chilled asparagus.  Not a big deal.  The shrimp tempura roll was great, and the mackerel nigiri was quite tasty indeed.On top of that, the service was really outstanding for lunch service, and they had a world cup game on a big flatscreen.Look, nobody's going to mistake this place for Nobu, but it is very serviceable sushi and the lunch deal is awesome.  The four-star rating is based on the price:quality+quantity ratio.  I'll be back for sure.
2	Big bummer, small pieces at Pisces. My husband and I stopped by on a weekend afternoon to try their sushi. They were not offering the $9 all-you-can-eat; however, they offered a "half-off" special: order a roll and get a roll equal or lesser value for free. Cool. We ordered several rolls...I think they had a thin slice contest. The toppings were the thinnest slices I have ever seen. The rolls were small, loosely rolled, and overall it seemed to lack true quality. I was hoping for better since the location is fantastic, but they didn't satisfy.The interior has a great concept with private "pods" for your party and the theme felt just right for the location. But worn decor already? It's only been open under a year and the interior needs some help. The wallpaper is puckering in places. In addition, they lack on visible cleanliness...greasy head marks on the windows and the soy sauce containers were dirty. Overlooking some of the minor issues, the rock wall/art is it's highlight.Sorry, Pisces, you didn't win me over.
3	Beware the rice Nazi!  The $9 all you can eat special is still a great deal, but as stated on the menu, if you don't eat all of the rice you will be charged extra.  Spicy rolls were not so spicy.  Outside of that, very good food, good selection, the atmosphere was great, our waitress was very pleasant and attentive, and the private pods were a great touch.  Full bar available also.***Update 10/1/2010 - this is now a $12 all you can eat special!  Take off a half-star.
3	My friend and I decided to check this place out on a Sunday dinner. The hostess told us that we can get buy one get one free sushi and half price appetizer.  Only for our waitress told us that it's a lie! We only can get half price appetizer. We decided to get the calamari and tuna tataki. We both got a couple rolls. All of them are uneventful. Buuut.... they really leave you alone. My friend and I had a great conversation for hours and the waitress keep refilling our water glasses.  Yea... most likely not coming back comparing the price and quality of food.
4	I had a chance to check out Pisces recently and was very happy with it. With the all you can eat deal, I had a chance to sample a lot of sushi. I like the fact that the rolls were small in this instance. The all you can eat is now 11.95, hate I didn't get there when it was 9.  From Nigiri we had the sake (salmon) and maguro (tuna) and from the rolls we had the asparagus roll, tempura maki roll, bagel roll, crab salad roll, california roll, spicy crab salad roll, unagi roll, we also had the garlic noodles and an order of fried rice. All were delicious and fresh. My favorite was the bagel roll and spicy crab salad. I heard a rumor from two Charlotte natives that this was their favorite sushi place because it is the only one they know of in Charlotte that gets daily seafood deliveries, don't know about that, but it sure is good and tastes fresh! Good, all you can eat sushi...I'm down!
4	In general, Charlotte is not a sushi town. You can get OKish sushi but nothing great. Pisces is stepping up.I'm surprised by the moderate reviews so far - maybe we went on a good day - but my husband and I thought it was great for lunch. We started with the vegetarian spring rolls followed by a crystal veg roll, crunchy tuna, mango roll and another house special. Everything was perfect- presentation, freshness and portion. The service was not bad. Looking forward to going back and hopefully having a good dinner experience.
4	First time in Charlotte and me and my husband enjoyed diner here. The fried calamari was great and the drinks where on point. Sushi was good and the presentation was pretty and chic. Will visit again next time we are in Charlotte.
4	I again found myself getting outta work at a totally unreasonable hour.  I was hungry and in need of a much deserved cocktail.  It was around 9:30PM or 10PM and a bit late for anything heavy.  So, we kind of stumbled onto this place.  It is small and cute and a quite place to unload the days drama and enjoy eachother's company.   We sat at the sushi bar but they do have really cute little booths that are very private.  It was Wednesday night and the waiter tells us about the $4 Martini special.  Are you kidding.... yes please!  So, I drink my Orange Something Martini that was yummy yummy yummy and ordered the Miso soup and the Veggie Roll in the non-seaweed roll.  It was excellent.  Our waiter was quick to bring the refills and I left there in a much better mood then when I arrived.  Much love for Pisces....
4	I went to Pisces last Friday night with a friend of mine.  Street parking is pretty limited around the area, so I just parked on the 2nd floor of the parking deck next to Trader Joe's.  Because it was Friday around 7:00, I was afraid it would be crowded.  Fortunately for us, it wasn't.  We walked in and were immediately greeted and seated.  We followed the hostess through the dining room.  I liked the modern decor in the open restaurant.  Suddenly, we turned OUT of the dining room and down this corridor, which I wasn't expecting.  There were intimate booths down either side.  You entered the booth through this large round opening, which provided additional privacy.  "I wonder what kind of dirty stuff goes on back here?" my friend asked.  It provided a nice quiet, intimate environment for a romantic dinner or conversation.  Pisces had a special on a Cucumber Sake Martini that night, so we both decided to try it.  Wow.  It was amazing.  So refreshing, and it went down easily.  To start, I had their house salad with ginger dressing.  Mmm...  You can't go wrong with ginger dressing.  It really feels right before sushi.  I finished off the experience with a Hawaiian Poki roll and a Crunchy Spicy Tuna roll.  Both were delicious, fresh-tasting, and beautifully presented on the plate.  The prices are a reasonable, but by the time I was done with dinner and drinks, I think I spent $40 on myself alone.  Oh well...it was worth it.  The service was great, too.  Our server kept checking in on us.  After we finished, we wanted to talk longer and catch up; our server didn't hound us to leave.  She got a great tip, so no worries. :) When we finally left around 9:00, the place had really picked up in the main dining room.
4	Any place that has an all you can east sushi buffet is a place I want to be! Unfortunately, Pisces only offers the buffet Monday-Friday so I can't get there to get my moneys worth of sushi but on days like today that I had a vacation day to burn through, it was perfect! There was a little but of a wait going into Pisces but once we were sat, we sat in one of their swanky, modern booths. I felt like I was in a booth pod but I was diggin it. We had to wait quite awhile for a server to come up and greet us but once they did, they apologized for the wait and were prompt from thereon. And yeah, that's my only gripe about my experience there. How the sushi buffet works--it's not a traditional, go up and get it buffet ala Golden Coral yet instead they bring you the menu and you can order up to 10 items at a time from the all you can eat menu. They had a vast selection of rolls, nigiri, rice, noodles and spring rolls. My friend said the garlic noodles were terrific so I started with a side order of that. When they came out, it was a perfect size to start with since I didn't want to fill up on carbs and after wards, I could've kept a vampire away with all the garlic flavoring (I'm Italian so it's in my blood therefore I don't mind extra garlic). The rolls were fresh and fantastic. I think I tried about half of them and even after my friends left to go back to work, I hung around. I am all about getting my moneys worth and then some and I wanted to get as much bang for my $11.95 tab. The eel nigiri was by far my fave--very fresh and meaty and the shrimp tempura roll was equally awesome. I was stuffed to the gills!! If you're looking for a sushi buffet that offers you a varied selection, be sure to stop by this place. They also offer different lunch entrees for a reasonable price if you're not all about the sush. I can't wait to try this place out for dinner and on Saturdays they have BOGO sushi from 12P to 3P which is a perfect end to a Target or TJ's trip!
3	First of all, I love the concept - football on the TV's, a nice fully stocked bar, nice decor, and sushi!  5 of us showed up on a Sunday night for dinner, around 8 and it wasn't very busy at all, in fact we were one of the only people in the main dining area (they have a private booth area as well).  We ordered our miso soups, which took a fair bit of time to come out, and we honestly had to wait for about 45 minutes for our sushi to arrive.  We each only ordered 2 rolls and nothing overly complex.  I would really hate to see a sushi order during a peak busy time!  The sushi itself was decent, but for their 'specialty' rolls, I was really sad to see only 6 or 7 pieces, most of the time in a nice sushi bar, the most expensive rolls are around 8 or 9 pieces (for 9 or 10 dollars a roll I don't think that's unreasonable to ask for!)  Overall, not a great experience, but not a terrible one either - the company I was with made this a solid 3 star experience.
4	What a great lil place in Metropolitan Place.  We went on Sunday night, and there is ample space and no wait for seating.  Oh, did I mention half off wine... Word UP!  The Sushi menu is about Par, and has all the regular rolls ya plan on at a sushi place.  They also had some interesting veggie rolls that I've never seen before and were very tasty!  One thing, the wait to get our ordered food was a tad long considering the amount of people that were in the restaurant.  I'll definitely go back though, great atmosphere with an interesting decor!  Check it out if your looking for some fish n' rice!
4	Wanting to try Pisces for a while, I finally made the 3 mile trek.  In general, I had a good experience. Decor - The space is cool.  It's basically an open space with some private booths in the back.  We were offered the last private booth, which we accepted, only to find out the two of us had to sit next to each other facing a wooden divider.  We lasted about 2 minutes before we asked to be re-seated.  It was just a touch too weird with the divider 18 inches in front of your face.  Thankfully, the restaurant was not overly crowded and we were able to be reseated.  The service was very attentive and provided for a great experience.  +1 for our server. The sushi was pretty good, albeit standard, across the board.  The white tuna nigiri was delicious.  However, there was one odd item which we ordered - Salmon Toro.  Toro is a Tuna with a high amount of fat in it, making it buttery.  We tried the salmon toro hoping for the same taste.  What we found was the regular salmon was more buttery, and the Salmon Toro was rather fishy tasting....  We'll skip that when we go back.  All in all, the food was good, quality service and pretty reasonable prices.  Definitely check it out.
4	Was here recently and loved it!  Not too expensive (same prices as Enso etc).  Go on a Monday when they have 1/2 price bottles of wine!  I love the chic atmosphere, in the back there are these honeycomb type booths that are private and make you feel like you are on a spaceship.  The staff is super sweet and gave us free shots of something fuity and delicious when we were there.   Love it!!!
1	UPDATE 9/5/2011Went here again to test out the all-you-can-eat sushi lunch special before grocery shopping at Trader Joes, which, not surprisingly, was a bad idea. First off, their web site says the special runs from 11:30am to 3pm, when in actuality, you have to place your order BY 2:30 and they stop serving you at 3pm. So if you go and want the all-you-can-eat deal, you better get there at 11:30 if you plan on having a leisurely lunch.That was a bummer, but we gave them a pass since we didn't walk in until 2:50pm. Then, however, we were told they had a deal--half-off bottles of wine. We ordered a bottle, but the server returned to us and told us that the half-off special was only for wine, not for champagne. We'd ordered a prosecco from a section of their wine list labeled "sparkling wines." I'm married to a sommelier. Prosecco, as it turns out, is actually wine. A sparkling wine. This miscommunication could've been avoided if it had been more clearly defined what the restaurant meant by "half-price bottles of wine on Mondays," but alas, no. After two strikes (and similar experiences here before), we decided to cut our losses and head to Zoe's across the street. It wasn't sushi, but the service was good. Sometimes that's more important. Unfortunately won't be going here again.  --I really want to like this restaurant. I really, really do. Truth be told, the sushi isn't bad -- I would give the XOXO Roll and the Yellow Submarine 5 stars on their own. Those sushi rolls are the only reason for the two-star rating.Although I've noticed they've cut the portion sizes on some of their items (most noticeably the seaweed salad), the big problem is the service. I've been here four or five times, and at its best the service has been OK. At its worst...terrible. I may not be able to go back there after the last time. We waited for 10 minutes before flagging down the hostess to ask if she could send a server our way, and then before a server even made it to our table, the table next to us was seated, ordered, and was served. There are too many other places to go in Charlotte to waste my time here.
3	Boo - I guess I knew going in for the all you can eat sushi for $12 was a little too good to be true...my instinct was right.  The plus was the atmosphere I think the restaurant was decorated very hip and they had these really neat little booths.  The sushi was not good though you could have served balls of rice and it would have been equivalent to what I received.. The nigiri pieces I did get didn't taste very fresh which is always a bad sign for me when I'm eating sushi.  But I still would be willing to give this place another chance perhaps for dinner and ordering off the full menu.  I've seen some good reviews on this place and don't want one bad experience to scare me away.
2	No impressed.  While the All You Can Eat Sushi lunch special sounds appealing, it is less than that.  I'd be willing to try this place out for dinner but I won't be back for lunch.
5	**Gem Alert**  I am loving Charlotte!  Basically because of places like this located in sweet ol' Midtown.  I went here with a Groupon coupon just expecting to get a good deal for my money.  I left with some much more.  This is exactly what I want for every one of my future restaurant experiences.  Walking in, the entire set up is uniquely designed to subtly stand out.  The booths are romantically secluded out of sight and everything else just screams modern.  From the chairs to the dishes, this place has its own style.  We ordered our drinks from the cocktail menu and I had to start with the cucumber refresher (see pic).  Wow!  Half way through it I had to go up to the bar to have a word with the bartender.  Brian.. is the man!  He took care of us the rest of the meal.  He to our table and asked us what we liked, listened,  and customized our drinks perfectly to sublime satisfaction.  That is superior service.  Thanks Brian!  Our waitress was very knowledgeable about all of the sushi and we went to TOWN.  We got everything... trust me, you cant go wrong.  Then we somehow found room for some dessert.  I struck gold with the fried cheesecake (see pic) and the Wife got the lava cake (see pic).  I wanted to give this place 4 stars because things were a bit pricey but then we had dessert.  I felt so satisfied with spending big money here and would gladly be depositing more very soon.  If you have to, go out of your way and stop by this spot for a great meal.  Best sushi for me was the Metro roll.  Oh yeah!   Enjoy!-Ian M.
5	My husband and I visited Pisces last night with a Groupon we recently purchased.  I'd already heard rave reviews from friends about the place so we decided to try it out.  There are several ways I'd like to describe our experience...  First of all, my husband spent a month in Japan a couple of years ago so he knows authenticity when he sees it.  We were sitting at the bar and he was telling me about one of his favorite dishes from Japan called Okonomiyaki.  As soon as he said "If I ever find a place that makes it here I'm going to..." and there it was on the menu!  They have authentic Japanese beers and the House Sake is amazing.  Now let's get to the Sushi...  FRESH, perfectly prepared, so full of flavor, and just plain delicious.  And above all this, every single staff member was superb.  It was my first time in the restaurant and every one I had contact with made me feel like I'd been a regular for years...  The atmosphere is classy and if you get a booth in the back it's even romantic and somewhat secluded which I loved...  Needless to say, I'm now a HUGE FAN of Pisces and will continue to visit as often as possible.
2	It makes me sad that I had a four star experience here before and have to downgrade to a two. I went the other night with a big group and it was just a bad night. I felt like Pisces is now in RuSans league-loud music, bad service and mediocre sushi. The service was pretty crappy-we had two servers --the regular server who had someone shadowing him and helping out. So you would think double the plasure, double the fun--or whatever, you would think two servers would be more effiicient yes? No. it took forever in all aspects. We ordered our drinks, waited awhile and then after sitting around for 10 minutes after that just looking around and rubbernecking for our servers-they finally took our order. The food came out at different times so one person would get a hot entree dish 10 minutes before another person would get their sushi, then three minutes later another person would get their sushi and so on. I ordered two rolls and as said before, it was mediocre. The salmon and tuna tasted rubbery and just not as fresh as I've had before at Pisces or even other sushi establishments in Charlotte. If I wasn't getting fresh fish. I hoped to get some kind of flavor enhanced sushi but nope--the sushi I got was Harris Teeter sushi quality- if that. They offer reasonable prices for their sushi but I was expecting more bang for my buck. After they cleared all the plates, we were still there waiting with empty drinks and looks of impatience with our servers really not acknowledging us or asking us if we need anything else. I thought I was going to dig Pisces after my first time there but sadly, this past experience was a let down.
5	Are you looking for the best sushi in Charlotte with the best service, a fantastic drink list, extremely reasonable prices and also a fantastic ambiance?! Look no further than Pisces Sushi Bar and Lounge. This place is truly amazing after two delightful visits.On our first visit, we had a reservation and were seating immediately near the sushi bar. Our server was prompt and could answer all of our questions. The appetizers were incredible. I highly recommend the crab dumplings, that are basically just crab rangoons, and the fried eggplant, which is soft, succulent and amazing. The sushi selection is great and VERY reasonably priced. They even have an amazing selection of veggie sushi for the less adventurous (me). The asparagus and avocado are particularly delish. The cocktails are also amazing. The Kiwi something-or-other was so good I had two (thank goodness for designated drivers)!On our second visit, we took friends from out of town to show off how fancy Charlotte is. I hoped that our second visit would be as good as the first and boy oh boy! was it ever! When we arrived, without  a reservation (tsk tsk), a group of about 6 people were leaving because they were told the wait was an hour and a half. We didn't have a backup plan, so we decided to wait it out. After getting a drink and standing at the bar for about 25 minutes, we were seated! The hostesses kept us posted on what was going on all the while and were just delightful. We were seated along the wall VERY close to the tables next to us. This turned out to be fortuitous as they recommended a few things we loved and were fun and friendly! Again, the sushi was fresh and delicious and our server was wonderful and tolerated out excitement. While this is already a lengthy post, I would like to note my favorite thing about Pisces: the size of the sushi. One of the things that really puts me off about sushi is how gosh-darn big it is! I can hardly chew it all in one bite! Pisces sushi is of manageable size, but it seems like you get more pieces than you normally would to make up for the skinnier rolls. I guess some people might find this to be a flaw, but it's the reason I will keep going back.Now, stop reading this incredibly lengthy review and get to chowing on some delicious sushi!
3	Pisces is one of the newer sushi additions to the saturated sushi market. Since there are so many suzuki restaurants ithin 2 miles, it really needed to add something different and special. I would give Pisces 3.5 stars.Pisces was the last restaurant I visited in Metropolitan so I expected a grand up fit like Vivace. Other than the cool "cubbyhole" booths for larger parties (6?) I was not a fan of the layout. We ate at a table for 2 along the back wall but really had dinner with the 2 couples on either side of us since we were all lined up and so close. One couple was having an awkward first or second date, and I thought I left those behind when I got married, but it all came back so vividly.  I did like the stones inset in the sushi bar. The good news is I would be comfortable going in dressed in jeans and a t-shirt, whereas I might not at Nikko's or Enso.The food wasn't quite as expensive as we thought it might be. The menu isn't gigantic but had a couple interesting rolls. We especially liked the XOXO roll.  Their miso soup is really really good.  They have a fun drink list (I dig the cucumber martini) that's worth exploring.  Our other neighbors (not on a first date) ordered the Love Boat which was $50 but was HUGE and very fun and festive and they enjoyed it. That said, it was way too much sushi for 2 people, so get it for a group.I am happy to report that the service was excellent.  Bottom line: good reliable place to get sushi in the neighborhood. Not a standout, but no major complaints. I will try the all you can eat buffet.
3	Food was good, but had a couple issues with service.  We used a Groupon, so they informed us we couldn't take advantage of the half price drink specials they were having.  Ok fine, next time I'll go to the bar and get a few drinks first, and close the check then get a table.  The real issue was the price for beer stated 275 for domestics, yet when they brought the check, she had charged me 4 each.  Her explanation was that it was a premium beer (Flat Tire) so had to charge the import price, and that it was listed on the menu wrong.We were late for an event, so even though the menu had it plainly listed as 275, right next to the name of the beer.  She wouldn't go have it fixed, so I left it up to her to get the difference, and to consider it her tip.Going there again soon, and not leaving until they fix the menu, or charge me the stated price this time.
2	Went with a LivingSocial coupon. Glad we had the coupon. The vibe is young & hip. (Good) The service was friendly & attentive (also good) but all the fish we had was lacking in flavor. The fatty salmon had an amazing mouth feel but had almost no taste. (Very odd). The rolls were VERY small and do you THINK they could make some rolls that DON'T have crab & avocado in them??? All in all, we won't be back.
4	Dropped in with a friend and got the $11.95 lunch special of all you can eat sushi. The restaurant was very clean and modern. We were the fist customers since we got there around 11:30am right when they opened. They gave us a one sheet menu and the waitress said that the all you can eat sushi applied to the top portion of the menu. It included about two dozen different types of rolls, nigiri and some kitchen items like garlic noodles, fried rice and spring rolls. We ordered about six different rolls.  The rolls are pretty small you get about four pieces per roll. They bring it to your table on a large platter so that you'll share amongst yourselves.  The sushi was very fresh and delicious.  We also ordered the spring rolls and garlic noodles which were both excellent.  Overall I really enjoyed lunch and our waitress was very helpful in offering suggestions. For under $15 for a nice lunch including tip it was a nice treat. We will be back for sure!  One thing to keep in mind... don't order too much because they will charge you additional if you leave a lot of leftover sushi on your plate. The waitress informed us of this before we even ordered.
2	Dinner started out great. The decor was very nice as well, especially liked the rock wall. Our waitress was witty, prompt and above all, honest. When i asked about the calamari, she plainly stated it sucked. I appreciate that heads up. The drinks came out quick and I really appreciated that. Those were the last drinks we would have for 20 minutes. We sat, admiring the walls, waiting and waiting and waiting. Our waitress would appear nearby but never approach our table.20 minutes went by and an appetizer arrived. 10 minutes after that our sushi. It was mediocre, nothing special. Anyone that raves about this place having the best sushi has obviously not been exposed to many sushi restaurants. This sushi was uninspired and bland. I will not return, esp. with truly delicious sushi available for the same price at Jade in Ballantyne!
2	Went to eat here with a friend on a week night.  We sat at the bar and it took forever for us to get our sushi.  It took so long that I finally had to ask the waitress about it, which I rarely do.  The sushi we had was good but not earth shattering and the decor is very modern.  Due to the slow slow service I probably won't return.
3	How many sushi places does Charlotte have vs. need?!  But why not, my motto is never say no to sushi.  This place has a chic environment, nice location (close enough to Uptown but don't have to worry about parking; good for pre-party dining), and opens late (which is always good for that late night sushi crave).  Been here a few times, and honestly it's nothing too special.  My recap of tonight's experience:Service was average, got seated right away (considering there's not waiting area to speak of, I don't think they have much choice but to get our butts to a table).  I had to look for my waiter to get my glass refilled at least once.  It took awhile to get our food, but we were busy talking so it wasn't a problem.  My friend ordered a last drink and asked for the check, and guess what, he got the check and not the drink. Food was ok.  But for the price, I have to say the portion is tiny.  One order will not feed a grown person (comparing to Enzo, for instance, where one order is enough to feel somewhat full).  The Dragon Roll came apart a little when I picked it up with my chopsticks.  The rice in both runchy rolls (we had Philly & Spicy Salmon) seem a little mushy.  We capped off our dinner with an order of red bean ice cream (which if you haven't tried, it's the best freaking ice cream flavor... and don't worry, you can get this at any sushi/japanese place, not just here... and they all taste similar).  I have never seen a worse scoop shape of ice cream in my entire dining life.  Bascially it's just one bowl of ice cream mess, but at least it tastes good.So I guess I won't be running here, but maybe with a twist of an arm, I will stroll over.
4	I was very pleasantly surprised by the quality and freshness of the sushi. The lunch special rolls are indeed small with only 4 pieces, as the previous review noted, so you may have to order more to fill you up. The eel hand roll was delicious and not overly drenched with unagi sauce like so many restaurants like to do. They do a great job with the sushi rice, which combined with fresh ingredients and clean preparations left me very pleased with the meal. It is a good place to dine alone for a business dinner either at a table or at the small bar. Very reasonable for a casual dinner in a nice environment. Parking is easy.
5	This is my favorite sushi restaurant in Charlotte.  I've dined her many times and the sushi is incredibly fresh, artfully displayed and well priced.  If you're looking for an excellent dining experience, look no further.  This place is a true gem- and because it's new(er) to Charlotte the line isn't out the door.  I ate there last night and I'm already looking forward to going again.
3	Located in the Metropolitan this place looks super swanky and chic, parking is easy enough with a large parking deck across the street. The decor is very hip and modern and you might want to wear something a bit nicer than shorts and a t-shirt for dinner lest you feel under dressed.The sushi prices are fair and the rolls are a decent size. The rolls weren't really anything special for me and I can't really recall what they tasted like. Though I recall having a roll slathered in mayo and even with my love of mayo it was too much for me. Forgetting what the rolls taste like might be a side effect of their drink specials though. Super cheap and extremely strong well drinks are offered on the cheap on Wednesday nights, and they have different drink specials every night of the week but I've only been on Wednesdays.The servers and hostesses are super friendly, they even gave me some free drinks and a few free rolls my second time there! The location, atmosphere, and cheap drinks are nice, however since I can't really call the sushi here very special or even remember it So I'd probably choose other options closer to home given the chance.
4	Stopped by to finally use my Groupon....based on the mixed reviews I decided to steer clear of the sushi and try an entree. I started off with fried gyoza(potstickers) and crab dumplings which were both pretty good....one served with chili sauce the other served with ponzu. The hibachi salmon was served with rice, mixed veggies(broccoli, mushrooms, onions, and zucchini) which were a little greasy due to being drowned in butter and oil. The salmon was borderline dry but had a good flavor, the rice was average as was the veggies....server Edward is the type of server every restaurant should have...very helpful, knowledgeable and patient as I am the most indecisive foodie ever, he was very honest about the menu items and didn't hesitate to give you his opinion...the other servers congregated at the bar clueless and hugging on each other(not a good look).....thank goodness they have Edward, gotta love that type of server. 3 stars for the food plus an additional star for great service from Edward..
3	We were hosting some out of town friends from college and wanted to take them somewhere hip but not highty-tighty-ish. The feel of Pisces was the perfect spot. We got there after 10 PM on a Saturday so there was a good size crowd, but we were acknowledged quickly and seated immediately. Our waiter was very nice and pointed out her favorites on the very extensive menu. I had the Bobcats roll which was very nice. The combination of the tempura crunchiness with the crab and shrimp was great with the eel mayo sauce. The hubs had a caterpillar roll that I sampled and that also tasted good. B/c we were heading to a club later, we had some house sake that put me on my butt! That bad boy was strong, but drinkable and left me in a nice vibe for Whiskey River. All in all, I enjoyed Pisces and will definitely go back and try some dessert. Only downer was compared to other sushi spots, our food took too long.
1	I was hoping this place would live up to things I had heard about it, but sadly it did not.First our waitress seated us right in the front of the house in the most awkward place and then refused when we asked to move further back.  I had the spicy tuna roll and the first love roll both sounded promising on the menu, but did not deliver in taste. The spicy tuna was not spicy and was reminiscent of catfood, the first love roll was o.k., but nothing to write home about. Both were DRY, bland, and seemed poor quality.  The price for both rolls was pretty ridiculous (about $10 ea) considering you only get  6 very small pieces of each. Hungry guys would have to order about 5 to get full.My advice: skip this place and go to RuSans for better sushi and better service.One star for a pretty interior. Zero stars for service and food.
5	The few recent negative reviewers must have been on meth ... this place rocks and does NOT dissappoint.  I would eat at Pisces over Rusan's any day of the week.  At lunch, Rusan's has their sushi sit out buffet-style, which to me is unacceptable for seafood.  At Pisces, it's made to order and extremely fresh.  By the way Julian E., if you are a hungry guy, go there during lunch.  It's all you can eat for just under $12.
4	I had dinner there with a friend. Love the decor and the service was realy good. The fillet appetizer was absolutly amazing definitly want that again! We both got the hibachi chicken it was considerably over done and dry but I could tell that the flavors would have been spot on if it wan't so over cooked. The sake was served hot the way it's supposed to be. Overall I will be back!
4	I've been here a few times, and always had a great experience. Customer Service is always good, there is never a wait when I go but then again I never went on a Friday or Saturday night. The I've only eaten tried their sushi but it's tasty, and reasonably priced. A great place to grab a bite!
5	Unbelievable combination of quality food and service.  Although it is Restaurant Week and the place was quite busy, the service never lagged and food was brought out in a timely fashion.  I must say that I am not a "sushi" person but this place changed my mind.  I liked that our waiter explained the various dishes along with his recommendations which were spot on.  A must try!
3	I like to judge the cleanliness of a restaurant by their bathrooms. For a place that charges $10 for a sushi roll, the bathroom did not match up to their prices. Regardless, the food is decent but they do not have any sushi or dishes that differentiate themselves from the dozens of other Japanese restaurants in Charlotte.I ordered the crispy bagel roll and spider roll and everything tasted as expected.  Between my 5 other girlfriends and I, we ordered a significant amount of sushi on the menu.  While passing around our plates, none of the other rolls seem to be extraordinary or innovative.I probably would not go back given the prices and the ordinary nature of the food.  The one advantage was the amazing location (I'm sure that is ultimately what you pay for).  The restaurant is located in the middle of a rather nice shopping center- perfect for shopping after a rather average meal.
5	I have to say we were all a bit nervous about dining at Pisces after reading some of the negative reviews, but as fans of sushi and of convenience (location) we gave it a shot. I could not have been more pleasantly surprised! The ambiance, service, and quality were all exceptional! We tasted the Metro (my favorite), First Love, Spicy Tuna (my least favorite), I believe one crunchy roll, and tuna sashimi. All of the fish tasted fresh and they were absolutely delicious! I will be back - and soon! I hope it is consistently delicious!
4	I was hesitant to try Pisces after reading the luke warm reviews on yelp, but I'm really glad I did.  First of all, the interior and ambiance is elegant, but comfortable.  We were seated in a booth in the back and tended to immediately by our server.We ordered a handful of rolls to share for the table which were delicious and fresh tasting.  All of us kept saying how impressed we were with the quality and flavor profiles.  Top that off with an affordable bottle of white and we had ourselves a lovely evening.  Thanks Pisces!
4	We had such a great time we decided to try it again! I still am completely in love with the Metro roll but the presentation was a bit less put together this time - and the food seems to take quite awhile to come out. I will say I found a delicious new drink- the Cucumber Refresher - not too sweet or sour but just right. I will say their martini's/cocktails pack a punch so be careful or take a cab!
3	I'm feeling like adding stars...well, it's also because I'm a follower of Nobu, sushi chef. He was working at Cyro's and now has transitioned to Pisces.I'm glad Pisces added Nobu to their staff. The place was busy on a late Thursday evening: good energy, great sushi. The bartender was friendly and even shared a special mixed green tea drink for us to try. Nice job, Pisces...I'll be back...
3	I looked past all of the tepid reviews and decided to give Pisces a try--if for no reason other than having someplace new to write about--last night.  Bad choice.  I should have listened to all you Yelpers.  Hell, it's why we all Yelp.  I won't make the mistake again, I'll tell you that.  I'd give Pisces 2 1/2 stars because they're not "A-OK" to me, but our waitress, Nicole, garnered an extra half star for the restaurant because she was so kind and helpful.  I could give a quarter star for the booths because they make you feel like you're eating sushi in a cave.  That's pretty cool.  The rest of the uber-modern decor made me yawn.  It's becoming so passe.  The food is waaaaay overpriced.  They're charging Nikko prices for Sushi 101 quality.  We chose to order no rolls because they all seem to include cream cheese, something fried, mayo or whatever the hell Screaming O sauce is.  The sashimi certainly wasn't as bad as some strip mall sashimi that I've had, but it certainly wasn't worth the price tag they attached to it.  But here's the reason why I'll never return to Pisces......We ordered the sushi-sashimi combo, which comes 9 pieces of sashimi, 8 nigiri and a California roll.  California rolls suck, and therefore we did not want to eat the California roll.  We asked to replace the California roll with a spicy salmon roll and be charged the extra dollar that the spicy salmon roll costs.  Makes sense, right?  Not to Pisces ownership, it doesn't.  So...we ordered the combo, minus the California roll (so no food was wasted) and ordered the spicy salmon roll ala carte for $6.  Now here's a word to all you business majors and future restauranteurs from your Uncle Todd:  don't give up future business for something as silly as a simple substitution.  It's a bad business move.  And so I say to you, Pisces ownership:  seriously?  You're willing to lose potential long-term business over something as simple as substituting one simply made roll for another simply made (yet not as tasty) roll?  Silly.  Just silly.
5	Pisces is the best sushi in Charlotte, hands down! Amazing, delicious, and fresh- the sushi and hibachi menus are to die for. And you can customize your sushi with no problem. The atmosphere is wonderful- relaxing, and trendy. And the service is alway great. It's a little pricy but totally worth it in my opinion. By far my favorite restaurant in the city.
3	I've eaten here multiple times and sometimes I really enjoy it (and the half off bottle of wine) and sometimes I'm not as pleased.  I have enjoyed the Bagel Deluxe roll...  Their tuna (maguro) ngiri seemed fresh but there wasn't enough of it.  It was a very thin slice of tuna on a large piece of rice... just not exactly what I was expecting.The atmosphere is nice and can be quiet on the right night...
3	Honestly, I feel like half the rolls on the menu have the same ingredients, but I like most of those ingredients so I'm okay with it.My first lunch at Pisces was a on saturday (no ayce deal) and even though we didn't see any booths we accepted the hostess' offer to sit in one. She took us into the almost empty restaurant and down a hallway to the right, and voila! booths with cute fishbowl shaped privacy cut outs. (or fine, just circles, but we liked the idea of fishbowls) we ordered four different rolls, and they were all decent, though we each clearly had a least favorite (my brain and taste buds had a hard time deciding if tomatoes should be on sushi). The service was attentive, and we enjoyed our meal even though we could hear every word of the conversation a few booths overs. My second lunch fell on a weekday, and the ayce special. (You order off an abridged menu, it's not a buffet) I was a little hesitant since they go out of their way to say they'll charge you for waste (especially leftover rice on your plate) and really, it seems a little unnecessary. But, we did learn that the orders are half rolls, so if you choose a spicy tuna and a cucumber roll, you'll get four pieces of each instead of a full eight pieces of each. We ended up just ordering off the regular menu but plenty of people around us were loving the special.Even though I've tried a roll in every price range (they're nicely listed in increasing prices on the menu), nothing really sets Pisces apart. Yes, the spicy tuna roll is good, but it doesn't stand out against another spicy tuna in town. They do have some nice flavor combos (though I haven't really delved into the ones with cream cheese, not my favorite sushi ingredient), eating at Pisces again would be more out of convenience since it's minutes from my house than going for a specific roll.  Overall good service, and not a long wait even when it was packed during the week.
4	Must say this place is a solid choice for me when I have a hankering for some sushi.  It's a solid alternative to Enso because I don't feel like I have to get dressed up and the costs are a little less.  I also think it's a fairly good romantic place to go if you can get the little cove bench seating in the back.  My girlfriend and I have been lucky both times to be able to sit there and it makes you feel secluded and like you're dining privately.  If you are here on a date, get the love boat!  It's $50 for 2 people and just a cute approach to a romantic dinner.
4	came here for the all you can eat sushi and i destroyed it. i had pretty much everything that was sushi and nigiri. service was great and the fish was good. i had a few chewy pieces of tuna but that happens and i did not get sick. i would come back for sure. the best part is your sushi/food is made to order by the chefs, instead of it being mass produced which is great
5	I love everything about Pisces...the service, the location, the food quality. We've been many times and always have a really nice experience. The owner is very attentive & always stops by our table. If you haven't yet, try the Kawaii rolls...amazing, and the Crazy roll is surprisingly crazy good. They have a nice wine list with plenty of options and a fun selection of martinis! Go!
4	Pisces is a place that I would probably only go to for lunch to take advantage of their All You Can Eat sushi.  It is a nice atmosphere inside, and the perk is it is right across the street from where I work.  I do have to say, their Garlic Noodles are so BOMB!!!  The past few times I have gone there, I must confess that I order not one, but TWO plates of the Garlic Noodles.  I feel that sometimes the service is slacking a bit.  The times that I have gone there, it did not seem that busy, but it would take someone a long time for them to bring back a water, or just giving me the bill.
4	All you can eat sushi for lunch. Awesome. The food is great, service is okay, and the seating is plentiful and atmosphere is wonderful inside. Service is only okay because when it gets busy (as this restaurant does while it gets busy, during the lunch hours) they don't have enough waiters. But due to the space they have they can't overpopulate it with servers.Overall though, this is a great place to relax with the ambiance of the restaurant and great food. They also have a bar if you just need a place to relax before the club or after. (They're opened til 2:00AM, for some late night sushi)
5	This is our new favorite Sushi spot when we can get into the private booth section. What is exceptional about this place is the bar, service, and foods presentation.  I have never been to the All You Can Eat Buffet, only dinner. I found the Sushi and Sashimi here to be very fresh and very attractively presented so I was shocked to hear other bad reviews. We ordered Sushi Deluxe and Sashimi Deluxe plates.  I also had Uni which was fresh here. Hibachi Chicken was very well flavored with tender pieces of chicken served with fried rice and saute' broccoli and mushroom; Filet Mignon Stacker was cooked perfectly and a tempura roll was also generous portion. For dessert, we had green tea ice cream and Mango mochi both very similar tasting to other Sushi restaurants. I agreed that this place is very pricey.  Dinner for the four of us including 2 drinks were $198.  Our Sushi dinner at Musashi, our other favorite Sushi restaurant, is usually half this price but Musashi does not have a full bar and service is more traditional Japanese and so can be less attentive.
4	I went here with two friends of mine. The sushi was a little pricey for Charlotte, but tasted amazing. The menu was classy and had lots of options and they were happy to modify the food per our requests. There are two things people should know for going to this place. First off, it has an urban chic style with a dark and misty feel, which can be fun and exciting for some people but not everyone's cup of tea. The other is that the Booths are awkwardly shaped to be artsy, but for people 6 feet tall and above, you will hit your head coming in or out...
4	Came in and was sat right away on Saturday for lunch. It wasn't very busy and we were starving!! Prices are a little too high for lunch especially but I went ahead and had the Shrimp Hibachi with Rice- it was great they gave you a lot of shrimp and they were of a good size!! Everything was perfect in flavors and we didn't leave there smelling like at the places they cook in front of you, Awesome!! I will be back and would definitely recommend, Service was great she was there but not and my Iced Tea was always full!!
5	I come here quite often and every time has been a great experience.  I usually take myself to the bar and the bartender is always on it making the best cocktails.  The sushi is amazing and you always have a manager coming by and shaking your hand and asking how everything is going.  The few times I have sat at a table the waitstaff is very prompt and helpful; making good recommendations with a good attitude every time.If you haven't tried this place out....you must!
4	I have been here for lunch and dinner and I can definitely say I like it a lot!!  For my entree I had hibachi shrimp both times.  Lots of plump shrimp, a good amount of veggies and I chose the fried rice, also with a cup of shrimp sauce, yum!  I have also tried the Kawaii roll, which was crab, avacado, asparagus and cream cheese in a spring roll, served open faced I think.  It was very tasty.  I also tried a sushi roll that had crab and some other stuff but tuna and tomato on top.  Tomato wasn't needed but without it the roll was delicious.Prices are decent, service is good.  We had received some cold veggies last time and the server/manager who dropped the dishes off ran right back to the kitchen and got us some new warm ones immediately.  We would have been happy to have them reheat what was on our plate, so I thought that was a nice touch. Only thing I dislike is the parking garage, its always sooo crowded!
5	I have only been here for lunch.  But I come often, because it's one of the best places near Uptown.The lunch buffet is made-to-order and all-you-can-eat.  The only stipulation is a limit on the number of items each person can order at once, and a requirement that you have to eat everything.  It's often not a problem!Unlimited garlic noodles (along with things like spring roles, fried rice) are part of the options.  They can be hit-or-miss, but when they're good, it's hard to get enough.Huge variety of sushi options.  Plenty for vegetarians and non-fish-fans.  Try the crunchy rolls.
5	Love this place!! My favorite sushi restaurant! The same great waiters are always there, and the food is great. Yes, a little pricey, but good for a date or nice night out.
4	Oh Pisces how do I adore you? The freshest all you can eat lunch which includes to die for nigiri, divine garlic noodles (you can get fried rice too) and spring rolls- all-you-can eat with a selected sushi roll menu. The only reason Pisces does not get five stars is that their service can be a little spotty. They continued to impress during Restaurant Week where places either shine or disappoint. I was blown by quantity and freshness- four courses and a glass of wine for $30 - including better steak than I tasted at uptown joints during Restaurant Week. This has been a favorite and in the regular rotation for a while but it keeps getting better!
5	Really enjoyed our lunch yesterday! Edward was an awesome server, and my boyfriend suggested Edward choose sushi for the two of us. We were both thrilled with his choices, my boyfriend eating sushi weekly and the very first time for me! Loved the environment, indoor/outdoor seating available, great price for all you can eat made-to-order sushi.
5	This was our third time eating at Pisces, 2nd lunch time all you can eat 'limited sushi'  First 2 experiences were amazing.. quick, friendly and DELICIOUS!! Thought this one was going to be different because we got there at 1230 (lunch time rush)  hostes said it would be a 25 min wait, so we asked if we could sit at the bar, since we only get an hour for lunch.  She said yes but it all depends how busy the servers are when they will get to us.  That was weird. But we sat patiently and a very helpful young lady helped us with ease.  Got our order under way and was very quick about it.  Our visit was pretty great as usual and we shouldn't have doubted it even one second.  The best Sushi place I have eaten at in Charlotte.  Fish is super fresh, the flavors are amazing. And it looks like they may be expanding, which they should because they are so good!!
3	It's a trendy new place to hang out. The food (sushi) is OK. I lived in Japan for a while, and enjoyed sushi there very much, but I'm not a picky gourmet eater or anything and find most of American style sushi pretty decent, though entirely "different" from what I'm used to in Japan. I went to the place for all you can eat lunch deal (which was actually restricted to 10 tiny orders total, but whateva). I don't know about regular menu items, but their portions were ridiculously small (one piece instead of normal two for each nigiri order, and tiny 4 pieces for each maki order). I can see they're trying to pretty-fy (trendy-fy or whatever the words you can come up with) their sushis, but especially makis were easy-to-make cheater dish anyway (which you never see served in a restaurant in Japan), so it's kind of funny they try to make those look "high class" by making them ridiculously small.Another thing I'd never understand (not just this place but all sushi places I've been to in the US) is that they serves those cheap fake crab-flavored fish-meat substitutes as "crabs". Really, do they expect anybody actually thinks there's any crab in those things? If you can't afford real crab, why not just skip it from the menu, or at least clarify it being fake on the menu? I've gotten used to this fake advertisements in sushi menus in various places by now, but it's still surprising to see them proudly served in a supposedly posh place like Pisces. My order of "crab" nigiri sushi came with a piece of rectangular fake crab meat placed on top of a ball of rice. Do you seriously call this a sushi?All in all, it was OK. You can find better (and cheaper) sushis even in Charlotte. I won't name names since I don't wanna sound like plugging the places.On the plus side, the waiters were very cheerful and attentive. All in all, I think it's a nice trendy place to hang out. Just don't expect too much in terms of food or its cost performance.
5	Since opening, my wife and I have found the sincerely warm, welcoming vibe @ Pisces Sushi Bar & Lounge combined with it's style, beautiful staff and extreme cuisine, to be one of the areas dining gems. You'll find fresh fish in it's (nearly) natural state to combinations that run the gamete in culinary complexities. All comparably priced.Tonight, we left before desert (or so we thought) to catch a concert. Co-owner Jason trotted across the street to tell us that he and partner Bryan decided to help support our charity efforts. I went back in to find they had written a generous check to our DRUMSTRONG non-profit and asked me to direct the funds to benefit local cancer initiatives. This was pure, unsolicited benevolence! These are guys who believe in giving for the golden sake of goodness and making the community they live and believe in stronger. I'm revivified, resuscitated (great meal and Jennifer, Phi, Kaitlyn, & Lily's beautiful smiles!), and flat out blown away ..  www.drumstrong.org
5	Highly recommend the tempura fried oreo's...delicious.Love the atmosphere and sushi!  My friends and I prefer Pisces over their loud competitor (Nikko)...who wants to feel like they are eating in a club with a woman dancing around with a tamborine? Ridiculous.
4	Some people complain that there are too many sushi places in Charlotte. I say there's no such thing! The more, the merrier. Pisces has a trendy look but a casual feel. It's a great spot for an evening with friends, a date night or for a birthday dinner. They offer an extensive sushi list and menu. I've had a little bit of everything and it's all pretty good. A couple of my favs are the Hawaiian Poki and the Screaming "O". Iif you're not a fan of spicy, don't order the latter or you will be verbally screaming. The garlic noodles are also fantastic. My friend Greg loves the skewers. I think he did four reorders during our last meal. (to the point where I was ready to call an intervention) Dessert is a must. Pisces Lava Cake or the tempura Oreo. Fried Oreos and green tea ice cream. You can't go wrong with that.Pisces also runs a M-F lunch special of all you eat sushi. Sunday nights they offer $3 Stoli flavors, half price bottles of wine on Mondays and half price martinis on Tuesdays. The drink menu is incredible and imaginative. The latest creation: an avocado martini. I love avocados as much as the next person... but in my drink? I was skeptical, but I must say it is delicious. I also recommend the cucumber and the rosemary green tea martinis. Both very refreshing and perfect for summer.Bryan Li is a hands on owner. If he's not behind the bar slinging creative cocktails, he's out on the floor checking on tables or in conversations with his patrons. He loves what he does... and it shows in his service and menu.
5	Pisces Sushi is the best sushi that I have had in Charlotte. My husband and I tried it out for the first time during restaurant week and we were both wowed. The lunch buffet is not to be missed if you are lucky enough to work nearby. The waitstaff was super friendly and offered great suggestions. This is a great spot for a date night or a casual meal with friends. Definitely check it out!
3	Pisces's decor is pretty unique. The booths are circular, different from anything I've seen. The setting is casual with a touch of trendy. Also, they just added a jelly fish tank! =DI came to Pisces for lunch to try their sushi buffet. Contrary to most buffets, Pisces provides you with a menu to order. Once you've made your choices, the servers bring the dishes to your table. Be sure not to order more than you can eat because they will charge you extra! The sushi is very fresh, especially for a buffet. Our food came out fairly quickly every time we ordered something new, especially since everything is made to order. I recommend the garlic noodles. They come with the buffet and are delicious!Overall, I think Pisces is a good place to go to when you just want a variety of sushi. It isn't amazing, but it's pretty decent for a buffet. Plus, you can always come to just check out the jelly fish! :)
4	One of my favorite spots in Charlotte for sushi! Their sushi lunch buffet is delicious and garlic noodles are a must. Try out their mixed drinks as they always have something new and fresh! The sushi is very fresh and the atmosphere is unique in Charlotte. Their new lounge and jellyfish tank are must-see while enjoying Pisces' food.
5	My favorite Sushi place in Charlotte - the sushi is always super fresh, creative, and delicious. The Screaming O roll is awesome.  Love the option of sitting in the Japanese style booths.
4	I'll start by admitting that I am a huge fan of this place. I find myself at Pisces every other week, regardless of my budget, I can not stay away. Why? For one, it's got to be the most laid-back atmosphere I've ever experienced at a sushi joint. That does not mean the service is listless, It's not. It just has a cool vibe w/ the circular booths, the jellyfish fish tank, and now w/ their new lounge. I suggest everyone start off w/ one of Bob Peter's (best bartender in Charlotte) custom cocktails. Just tell him what you usually drink, and he'll blow your mind w/ something you've never even thought of. As far as the sushi, it's topnotch. At this point, I just tell them to surprise me, and they bring out something delicious every time. There are a few don't miss items: the "Screaming O roll" is my favorite, w/ "the Pisces roll" a close second.
4	After dealing with the parking purgatory that makes up parking at the Metropolitan, I was primed to have an unpleasant experience at Pisces. However, after the quick seating and explanation of the made-to-order lunch, I was happily satisfied!First off, let it be known that to call this sushi lunch a "buffet" is a misnomer. While many buffets conjurer up visions of dueling tongs among heated troughs, every item on the lunch buffet is made to order. For $12. That is ridiculousness.  Not only does this result in freshly made sushi, noodles, and spring rolls, but it also saves you the precious calories of having to walk to a buffet line--they bring the food to you. Each person can order 10 items at any given time, but you may have to pay for any wasted food, so do try to contain yourself.So, what are some of the top picks? - The garlic noodles are simple in their amazing: imagine those thick chow mien noodles lightly fried with garlic. It sounds good, but tastes even better. - The spring rolls: holy cow, these are fired to flaky perfection and served with a sweat and spicy dipping sauce. What is not to like?- Fried rice: I am a sucker for cuttings of veggies, egg, and rice fried with soy sauce. Just be careful not to fill up on the carbs. Hold out for the main course!- Frankly, all of the copious rolls that I had were delicious. The best part is that they do NOT pad the roll with lots of rice to trick your stomach into being full. A thin respectable layer of rice and seaweed is the only think between you and your filling of choice. - While I love that they have multiple veggie options: asparagus, avocado, cucumber, and tamago (egg), they are in need of a One Veggie Roll. One Roll to bring them all together and in the seaweed bind them (LoTR? Anyone?). - The non-veggie rolls are also solid, ranging from the spicy, the cream cheesed, and the fried. I don't tend to eat fish, but I did (secretly) enjoy my bagel roll!Bottom line, if you are jonesing for a LOT of freshly-made sushi, come here for lunch!
5	If you're going for some delicious sushi rolls and creative drinks, you can't go wrong here. Great environment and staff as well.
4	Disclaimer: I go here a lot.  This was the place I "learned to like sushi", so I am probably biased.  I have been here for regular dinner, the lunch buffet, and restaurant week dinner.  I always have a service experience ranging from "good" to "spectacular", leaning towards the spectacular end of the spectrum.  The decor is also great, especially if you can talk them into seating you in one of the cave-like booths during lunch.  It's like eating at home, but with someone to wait on you!As far as the food goes.... I have never, ever, not been "wowed" at Pisces.  The lunch deal features a very limited menu, but all of the rolls and ngiri offered are fresh and flavorful, and the garlic noodles are absolutely off the charts.  I've never been to RuSans for dinner, but their lunch buffet is soggy and flavorless compared to the made to order goodness that is Pisces.  As far as dinner-I always use restaurant week to sample 2-3 restaurants in charlotte that I wouldnt normally go to and Pisces provided one of the best restaurant week experiences.  The menu was extensive, the portions generous, and the rolls I had were amazing.  I realize the outflow of positive adjectives is reaching absurd levels here but this place is just great.  I've had sushi 4-5 places in Charlotte and this tops them all.  Go eat!
5	Just ate here for the last day of restaurant week, good thing it was the last day or i would have had to go back.  First of all the restaurant week menu was generous (which honestly was a tie breaker about where to go when some places are getting stingy with the offerings, i.e. steak places where you need to pay extra for a steak).  The atmosphere was cool without being pretentious.  The service was very good and the food was excellent all around.  We enjoyed dumplings, filet stacker, tuna w/ seaweed salad, scallop hibachi and two specialty rolls.  While everything was very good, the sushi was definitely the star of the meal and as good as anything we have had in Charlotte.  We will definitely be coming back.  The only thing that could have taken away from the experience was the prospect of parking in the Met parking garage, but we went late on a Sunday and got lucky.  That parking garage is definitely the worst in Charlotte.
4	This dude likes everything about Pisces. I mean, it's my sign for god sake. The people are sexy, the food is decent and the ambiance is live. The bartenders pour a good beer and on Fridays the dude, Bob (I think?) makes a plethora of amazing mixed concoctions. This Bob feller (I think?) is also the bartender at Soul on Saturdays. Ask for him Bob (I think?) and he'll whip you up something nice. With the expansion, the dinner area is separated very functionally from the lounge. Go in for Sushi and stop by in the adjacent room for a saki bomb.
4	Definitely a fan of this place and I am mad at myself for not trying it out sooner!  Met a friend for dinner here last night and I tried not to hype myself up too much about it, but I was pleasantly surprised at a nice sushi/bar place in Midtown.I got there early so it wasn't too busy, grabbed a table and was super surprised at how comfortable the chairs were.  Usually at 'super modern' places the comfort of the furniture is compromised for clean lines, but here my behind was treated to a nice seat and it is catered to make you want to stay longer and order rolls and rolls of sushi ;).I ordered the house sake which was surprisingly good, and the other sake options on the menu definitely were enticing.  Our server was super nice and we had mentioned that we were both new to Pisces.... he immediately rattled off some recommendations from the menu.  Even had an "off the menu" item (a roll they are thinking about adding to the menu in the near future) called a "Stop, Drop, and Roll"  My friend ended up ordering that and I had a piece, definitely a nice roll and would stand on it's own if added to the menu.The Kissy Roll (crab, mango, cream cheese in soy paper wrap) was refreshing... I also ordered the Screaming "O" at the recommendation of our server and it did not disappoint (shrimp tempura, cucumbers, aioli sauce, and a nice slice of jalapeno on top of each roll piece).Overall I had a great sushi impression of this place....  they had a nice sushi bar and regular bar as well with a couple of flat screens.  Good place to wind down after work or catch a game on the tv... while having great sushi.
4	Yum! Came here while visiting from out of town and was looking for some delish sushi to start off our Saturday. Pisces did not disappoint! We started with some house ginger salads- loved the homemade dressing! The sushi was fresh and flavorful- I had the rainbow, metro, and a california roll to top things off. My friends liked theirs as well. Overall, pretty cool scene and good sushi. We had a booth in the back that was tucked into a wall which would be perfect if you're looking for something a little quieter.
2	After hearing awesome stories about Pisces from a few of our friends, my boyfriend and I decided to check it out one night before we hit the bars. We came in and immediately commented to each other on the cute atmosphere, even more excited than we were originally. I ignored the hostess' flat tone when she asked us if we'd rather sit at the bar or in the lounge, having worked at a late night restaurant for two years of my life, I figured she was just tired and gave her the benefit of the doubt.Our server bounded over to the table almost immediately after we sat and asked us if we were ready to order. We explained it was our first time and that we'd be ready to order a couple of drinks and some appetizers soon. When he came back, we ordered beers and he asked to see our ID's. My boyfriend's ID is pretty old and beat up, so we were cool with it when the server said he'd have to ask a manager if he could accept it. He came back a few minutes later and asked my boyfriend what his zodiac sign was. My boyfriend is no astrological guru and accidentally answered with the wrong sign and the server simply narrowed his eyes and said "I don't know..." My boyfriend (who also has worked in the restaurant industry) then told him that if he didn't feel comfortable serving him alcohol, it was okay, but that I'd still like my drink and then  we'd be ready to order food. The server said okay and left the table. Ten minutes went by. Fifteen minutes. Twenty minutes later, we saw him - changed into a t-shirt with his backpack on, waving to his coworkers and walking out the door. REALLY? Since when has it ever been okay to leave work when you've still got a table?!Thankfully the bartender was very cool and took over the table after I went over and explained to him what happened. He was also much more attentive and quicker when we asked him for anything (this is while also waiting on another bigger party and having a full bar of patrons). I don't know if we'll ever be back. It's a shame because the sushi was delicious. I don't remember what we got because I was so annoyed at the nerve of our original server. If we ever do come back, I'll be sure to let the disinterested hostess know we'd like to sit at the bar, NOT the lounge.
5	My favorite place in Charlotte. I've been here more than I can remember. I love it here. The atmosphere is cool. The staff is awesome. And the food is top notch. I love sushi and their lunch buffet is excellent. It's always fresh and they have great selections and a great value. I've also been here for dinner and for drinks and even hung out at the new lounge. I just love it there. If you haven't been there, you should definitely give it a try. A+++'s all around.
5	My favorite place to have me some okinomiyaki, pan-fried dumplings, fresh mango/cucumber salad, and some rolls. I used to come here a lot, and I mean a lot! But this place is a bit pricey :(  So I haven't been here for a while. But I definitely will be back for some more! I like the all the waitstaffs here - they were attentive and friendly. It makes me forget about the prices and all (b/c of the yummy food and friendly ppl). Great atmosphere, trendy place to hang out.  Definitely a place to check out and dine!
1	Nope, never again. Came for lunch and was very disappointed. Our service was awful. There were about 4 other tables in the place when we got there. We were seated and then we waited....and waited. Multiple staff members walked by us, other tables were being helped but not ours, manager was at the bar watching tv, for 10 minutes we continued to wait. Our less than stellar waiter finally showed up. He took our order, delivered it missing items, disappeared for 10 min at a time and overall made us feel like we were bothering him. He didn't once ask if things were ok, if we needed anything further etc. Pretty crappy for a lunch that requires additional small orders for the ayce sushi. The tables around us, all with waitresses, were being attended to politely and in a timely matter which only made it more apparent how much our service was lacking. As for the food...wasn't very impressed with that either. The spring rolls and garlic noodles were nothing i hadn't had elsewhere. The sushi was okay.Also, has anyone else seen the bathroom in this place? The hallway to it smells like piss, the sink is hanging off the wall and the furnishings include busted ikea furniture. Definitely not what i expected from a restaurant going for that upscale swanky lounge vibe...just sayin.....
3	Went here a couple of weeks ago and it was pretty good. I tried the dynamite roll and a basic spicy shrimp roll. I am not a huge sushi eater but I can't complain! The only thing that really annoyed me was the container holding soy sauce was prettier than it was practical; you could not pour soy sauce out without spilling it all over the table! And it wasn't just me - every person at our table had the same problem! Then, on top of that, either my little "bowl" for soy sauce was dirty, or something weird came out of the soy sauce itself, but it was not fit for eating and I had to use the big saucer instead - haha, I am sure I looked ridiculous, but whatever! When the waitress noticed, she was very nice about it and told me I should have told her so she could get me another small "bowl." She's right, but I didn't make a big deal about it (because honestly it's not a big deal) and I was ok using my big saucer. Anyway, overall it was ok and I'm sure I'll go back.
4	First visit to Pisces was last week for lunch.  Really liked that we could order what we wanted rather than surfing a buffet.   Food was fresh and very tasty. It did take a rather long time for the order to arrive at our table.  Find it a little strange that there is a stipulation to eat everthing on the plate or there will be a "leftovers" charge.  Food was delicious.  Ordered eel twice, spring roll, tempura crab roll, tempura shrimp roll, avocado, and much more.  Only miss was the talapia.  Charming atmosphere, interesting decor.
4	I have now been to Pisces, located in the heart of the Met twice, and I have thoroughly enjoyed my experience there each time.  The ambiance of Pisces is noticeable the second you walk in the door.  Despite the fact that its sandwiched in a busy plaza in the heart of Charlotte, the interior feels, calm, clean and quiet.  The service has been top notch the two times I've been there.  I've sat at the bar and ordered drinks.  I've also sat at a table for their lunch.  Each time, my server was the same chill dude, he knew what he was doing, and was very knowledgeable about the sushi and the variety of rolls they offer.  In addition, my order was correct and served in a timely fashion.  The food, in this case, sushi, was excellent.  I've had a few different rolls and they tasted fresh, were full of flavor, and stayed intake.What else is there to say?  The ONE AND ONLY REASON, I am not giving Pisces 5-STARS is because of its location in the MET and the cluster-fu*k of a parking garage they have over there!  Its sad to say, but I don't go here more often because I'd rather peel off my fingernails than park at the "trendy" Met.   Finally, I wouldn't be doing my job as a Yelper, if I didn't mention that Pisces has the BEST ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI DEAL in CHARLOTTE!  You really have to go here to believe the quality and variety of fresh, made to order sushi you can get for one low price (around $12).Otherwise, I love Pisces, and I will be there sometime soon for lunch - once my fingernails grow back of course...
1	This was the worst sushi bar I have been too in the charlotte area. It's bad selection of sushi is matched with its service.  Please avoid if possible.  Nikko is better
2	I love sushi and sashimi, so let me say I am pretty experienced in trying sushi restaurants.I had the all you can eat sushi/sashimi lunch today.  $14 per person for a fair selection of rolls and nigiri.  I requested a few rolls and nigiri and asked the server if they could serve them without rice.  The server checked with management and told me they could not take off the rice.  Not only could they not take off the rice but they would charge me extra for not eating the rice!  Are you &@(/-)@! kidding me?The sushi rolls had 10% seafood and 90% rice .... This is not acceptable for anyone, unless you just don't know better or don't like sushi.The minuscule amount of seafood inside the roll was fresh and tasted good, hence the two stars.Bottom line.... not worth the time or energy to find an elusive parking space to go to Pisces.
4	Great Atomosphere
3	Went for Restaurant Week and was under-impressed.  Service was good but food was disappointing compared to previous meals here.  Biggest complaint was the "bite" sized hibachi filet dinner contained pieces that were much more than bite size and even requesting a fork did not help the situation.  Filet Mignon should not be chewy and tough - ordered it med. rare and only a few pieces fit that order.  Garlic noodles which in the past were killer were only fair at best - no garlic flavor even after ordering the noodles with a request for extra garlic.  Dessert was 50/50 - lava cake was scrumptious - chocolate oozing out of center with vanilla ice cream, but the deep fried cheese cake was disappointing.  When you brought the cake up to your nose, the smell of old oil was very prominent - reminded me of "county fair" food.  Just could not get past the smell enough to sample more than a bite of the cheese cake.   Interior in need of some upfit - noticed several areas around booths that needed repair.  Wish Pisces had stepped it up for Restaurant Week instead of coasting - that is how it felt.
3	I reserved a table for restaurant week and was late. They held it for 40 minutes after I called so that was appreciated, but we lost our table and was fortunate to find a seat at the bar. We met Bob and he was awesome. Live music from guy playing cover songs on guitar, which was great especially when he played classics. Hibachi is hard to find in Charlotte and I can see why. The food wasnt the special yummy Hibachi I am used to up North but I wouldn't  mind going back for drinks and live music.
4	You have to try the Steak Tataki. It is absolutely amazing!!
5	I love, love, love this place. The atmosphere is trendy but not pretentious. And the sushi is always on point.Ever since my boyfriend practically forced a california roll down my throat 3 years ago, I've been in love. We've been all over Charlotte- from Akahana (gross and overpriced), Rusans (decent, tho small speciality selection), Sushi 101 (okay), and none of them ever come close to the quality experience we get each time at Pisces. I wouldn't care if this place was located in an east side strip mall I'd still be there every weekend. Thankfully, it's right around the corner from me at the Met. And while parking can be horrendous, it still can't affect my mood once I cross their threshold.To start we always get a Kawaii roll. Which is just a fried spring roll with asparagus, crab stick, and cream cheese with an orange/vinegar dipping sauce. The simplicity gets me everytime. What my mouth experiences once I take that first bite is outta this world. The flavor combo is just awesome. We've ordered other apps that were all uniquely awesome in their own way but this one is a staple for each visit.Next is the reason we keep coming back. The speciality rolls. Like I said, I started out slow, ya know, beginner rolls, nothing too exciting. Pisces is the only place I will eat flat out-laid out raw fish on my sushi. Other places I may get the spicy tuna or something with crab and shrimp. Oh no, not here. The fish is so fresh it can't be beat by anywhere else in Charlotte. They were the first place I ever tried spicy tuna, and it is seriously the best spicy tuna, THE BEST. You can't go wrong with any of the speciality rolls, or any rolls for that matter. But we like to experience the creative flavor pairings they've created. For example, the Kissy roll. It's wrapped in soy paper with a bit of mango, crab, cream cheese, then rewrapped with basil and rice paper. Yes, basil. And it adds something unexplainable. Something..almost magical? Get it, you won't regret it. We also like to get some additional orange/vinegar sauce from the Kawaii roll to dip our other rolls in to. But that may just be an us thing. We've tried pretty much every speciality roll on the menu and have never been disappointed. Now the service. While we may run in to a junior waiter here and there, when we get the OG servers it always makes up for any previous semi-lack luster server experience. We have a few that immediately recognize us and we get that star treament that can only come when you've stuffed hundreds of dollars of rolls in your mouth. Service is quick, casual, and on point. Drinks. While the mixed drinks can add on quite a bit to your total if you stop paying attention, we've learned to just stick with a bottle of sake. We prefer something a little delicate to pair with the standout flavors of our rolls. We stick with the Hana brand sake in fuji apple or white peach. Either one you can't go wrong.After hearing so many of my friends preaching religiously about Rusans, my suggestion is to just go try Pisces. I know there are some die-hards out there for Rusans but seriously, this place has never disappointed me. AND you can make online reservations, ask for a booth in the back corner. It's a nice little back alley with covered booths for an intimate dining experience. And yes, this place is an experience. Enjoy!
5	I heard about Bob the bartender for a few weeks. This past weekend, I had the pleasure of meeting him. Not only is he a super-friendly, fun, chill guy... but a phenomenal mixologist!!  He made us several unique concoctions, from floral foam topped drinks to cucumber martini's. I would follow Bob to any bar... he is a gift for Charlotte.
5	Everything here is fantastic. They've recently added new sushi rolls to the menu and I have to say I'm never afraid to try anything new here because I know it will be delicious. Screaming 'O' is a must try. The infused vodkas are fun to try too. They don't have drink specials anymore and I wish they'd bring those back, but the food makes up for that!
3	Like many other sushi places in Charlotte, Pisces is good.  The atmosphere was fun and trendy, the service was solid. The sushi was okay and reasonably priced, many of the roles had way too much rice for my taste. Just kind of smacks like cheap sushi.  One other issue is that it is in the Met, which means parking is a giant pain, not their fault. Overall, I will add it too my list of sushi places, but not close to my favorite.
3	Sushi is fine - a little too much rice, but it is okay.  Service is good, but the parking situation is AWFUL.  I would go back... but not in my top few places.
5	I thought it was time for an update for Pisces. Last time I came here I understood why I loved this place so much. And since the beginning of their sushi bar, they have grown to the space next door! My place to be...the lounge.So these are the reasons why I love Pisces:1. If you're like me and have a hard time thinking of a drink you want, you can definitely leave it up to the bartender here. They can make something random and it will be awesome! 2. Awesome service. I've never had a bad experience in this department.3. Want to eat in the lounge? You sure can! 4. They have a jelly fish tank. Yeah, A jelly fish tank.5. Live music on Saturday nights in the lounge. 6. TV's are always on the sports channels. (Even when Bobcats are playing against the Heats)7. Good beers on draft.8. (But honestly in the end it always comes back to alcohol/mixed drinks.)9. And this place well, is the place to go for a mixed drinks with friends. That's probably the only reason I come out to bars is to try their creation and specialty drinks. Or else, I would be home drinking scotch.So, yes. Check this place out. Anthony Hamilton did the other night, so be like a celeb (or just have fun) and watch the jellyfish go round and around the tank and get yo drink on!
4	Came here for Dine Out Charlotte restaurant week. Our server was very friendly and attentive, although it took awhile for her to initally serve us. Food was delicious, both the hibachi and the sushi were as good as anywhere else in Charlotte if not better. Only small annoyance was that half of our table was brought food and the rest didn't get theirs for another 10 minutes. Kitchen staff should work on getting food ready together. Otherwise a great experience.
4	Love the location, love the atmosphere, loved eating at the bar where the guy to girl ratio was 4-1. Defiantly aimed toward the younger crowd.
4	It's not often that a martini alone drives me to write a review, but let me tell you, the Far East Manhattan I DEVOURED last night (beverages can totally be devoured), was phenomenal.  Take your traditional Manhattan (whiskey or bourbon, bitters, sweet vermouth and don't forget that cherry) and put it on a flight to Hong Kong and this is what you'll get: A delicious concoction of rye bourbon, ginger liqueur, sparking sake and bitters. Sweet, smooth, spicy.  I am a sucker for anything ginger, so I had high hopes for this cocktail and it did not disappoint. I am not going to try to guess the alcohol content of this beverage, but let's just say that I was in no position to order a second. Next time I will bet trying the Shiso martini: orange vodka, ginger liqueur (yeah!), barley liqueur and fresh shiso. I'm counting down the minutes...The food was good too! You can't go wrong with their seaweed salad and simple but fresh sushi menu.  I respect the lack of bells and whistles. Definitely ask for one of the intimate booths in the back if you're feeling romantic like that.
3	It had been a long time since we'd been to Pisces, but the fella and I decided to try it when we saw they were running a 1,000 point Open Table promotion one Wednesday night.  As others have noted, the parking can be a little tricky since it's in The Met, so pack your patience.  We were greeted and seated promptly.  The atmosphere is calm, dark and trendy, but I've always felt like the seating was a little odd.  If you sit at the bar (which looks pretty cool) it feels too close to the tables behind it, but the tables feel kinda randomly scattered in the middle.  Our waiter was really friendly and attentive in the beginning (if not a little sweaty), but we had to hunt him down at the end to get our bill.Onto the best part!  The fella and I both got hibachi (I know, I know... it's a sushi place), but I'm not a sushi fan, and he had just eaten it the night before.  I got chicken with noodles ($17), and he got shrimp with steamed rice ($19), and both of us cleaned our plates!  We agreed it was some of the best hibachi we've had, and it was even cheaper than some worse places.  Don't get me wrong, it's still a little pricey overall, but sometimes you really do pay for what you get.
5	Fast food, great sushi, great atmosphere. Been looking for a good sushi spot since I moved here several months ago. This place is by far the best that I've come across since I've been here.
2	Mediocre sushi, extravagant prices.
4	The crystal veg is a great roll! Can be pretty loud but very good sushi. love the little cave like booths in the back. Great for 4 people.
4	Great sushi! Great place for a date...fun booths!
2	We tried Pisces again, and I hate to drop my rating, but the service was pretty terrible AGAIN.  Oddly enough, the hostess was great, the waitress was great at first, and the manager even came by the check on us.  However, the minute we got our food, the fella ordered a glass of wine, and waited.... and waited... and waited.  We were sitting about 15 feet from the bar, so we saw the glass sitting there, but our waitress - and all the other waitresses - seemed to disappear.  We could see a few people gathered around it at the bar, but no one was delivering it.  This whole time, I was also out of water.  After 20 minutes, the fella finally got up and actually got it himself (after confirming with the bartender that it was his).  Sadly, the good food just doesn't make up for such consistently inconsistent service.
5	I've only been for lunch for the all you can eat. The service is very slow, BUT that is because all the sushi is fixed to order. Nothing sits out with people grabbing or setting tongs on top of the food after handling them. Not all rolls are available on the all you can eat menu, but I'm not complaining, the food that is on the menu is great! They even have inari, whish is difficult to find sometimes. I recommend you try one.For all you can eat lunch, you get to pick up to 10 items at a time per person. once you get you items, don't hesitate to order more as long as you know you will be able to eat the majority of it without being wasteful.
5	Like a fine wine... this place just keeps getting better with age.Now three plus years old, Pisces has expanded into the space next door to create a trendy bar and lounge area.Cocktail genius Bob Peters continues to pull more tricks out of his bag. If you go to this place and order a Bud Light- you're doing it wrong. This is what real bartending is all about. Whether he's using a carbonator, playing with new liquor infusions or adding smoke to a cocktail... put your drink decisions in this man's hands. Intimidated? Tell him what you like. He'll come up with the perfect concoction for you.Hungry? The best bang for your buck happens at lunch with the all you can eat sushi deal for $14.My biggest problem at Pisces is narrowing down my order. I have to issue self-imposed restrictions or I will easily convince myself that I need five rolls. They're all delish but here are my current three favs (yes they change every few months):Leo (tuna, mango, avocado and chili oil). I love the chili oil kick of this one.Kissy (mango, crab, cream cheese in soy paper, re-wrapped with basil and rice paper) There is just something so clean and delicious about this roll.XoXo (crab, avocado, topped with baked scallop and a honey mayo eel sauce) The topping just takes this roll to a new level.I'm also a big of the Tuna Bruschetta for starters and Tempura Oreo with green tea ice cream for the grand finale. For the late night crowd, Pisces also serves food til 2AM on weekends.Need some entertainment for your food coma? Stare at the jellyfish tank. It'll hypnotize you for hours.
4	Went here for a birthday dinner with seven other diners. Overall, I was pleased. The atmosphere is pretty nice. We were in the other room from where you walk in. It's very dark in the restaurant, but the decor is nice. It exudes a kind of clubby vibe.Our server was on it. She totally knew what she was doing. We didn't have to wait for anything, which was great -- especially for our larger group.I had a mixed drink and a prosecco. For food, I ordered vegetable, pan-fried gyoza, seaweed salad, an avocado roll, and a crab stick roll. I liked everything, but I didn't love it. The gyoza was the best thing. I was glad to have a vegetarian option, as I'm trying to limit my intake of mammals at this time. The seaweed salad was fine. I prefer Yama's. I did not care for the sushi rolls. These had way too much rice. I felt like I was just eating a wad of rice with a crumb of avocado and/or crab stick. It didn't have much flavor. I've never seen this type of roll with rice on the outside and the inside. It was supposed to be maki (seaweed | rice | filling).Anyway, we had a nice time overall, and that was what really mattered that night. I wish we could give half points on Yelp! This was more of a 3.5.
4	I've been a long-standing fan of Pisces and can't believe that I haven't written a review until now. Easily one of the best places to eat at The Met and happy to say that they have some of the better sushi in town for the price. Also, with the $14 all-you-can-eat sushi during the week, it's a solid joint for lunch, too. Recently came in for dinner with the Mrs and we enjoyed our time heartily. Tempura Veg - StellarCali Roll - TextbookSpicy Tuna Roll - PerfectScreaming "O" Roll - Not my favorite, but I had heard quite a bit about it and had to try it. There happened to be a minute amount of wasabi lurking somewhere within, so I wasn't too keen on the flavor. Other than that, great stuff. Cocktails - The Fresh Fruit Gin Fizz and Pocket Fours are both wonderful. Nothing fancy, just served in a pint glass with tons of freshness. Not too boozy either. I'd order both again in a heartbeat. The service was great as well. Our server was nice and to the point. Not too much nonsense or over-communication, which I appreciate. Pisces is a great choice for sushi and cocktails. Also, never had the chance to witness him in his element behind the bar, but I know Bob Peters slings a mighty fine beverage.
1	Bad sushi, cheap manager. All you can eat sushi is a joke.  Tuna looked black, eal looked ill, rice 80%, fish 20%. Menu for all you can eat is poor. Only few selections for nigiri. It does say on the menu that you will be charged for wasted food, so i decided not to waste any and only left 50% of rice from 8 pieces of nigiri that i ordered, because rice tasted old and chewy.  I went to the chef and asked to put less rise in my next order. To my surprise sushi came with visibly more rise. In my bill i found a charge of 8 dollars for wasted rice. Rude manager said it was her who advised the waiter to add the charge and that we were warned and if  i wanted to eat less rice i needed to order from a regular menu and refused to wave the extra fee, saying that she is sorry  , but has to protect the restaurant. I have had sushi a la card and all you can eat  in many different cities, i know what i m talking about. Take your business somewhere else.
5	I went here last week with my boyfriend. It was our first time here.Their menu has quite a few options - even for those who don't like sushi. They have hibachi and some other stuff, but we only ordered one thing not sushi.The maple duck that our server recommended was amazing - cooked perfectly (to my liking anyway). The rest we ordered was sushi. We ordered just a plain maki roll and one of the specialty rolls. We had the screaming O roll which was delicious, especially if you're a tuna fan.We also ordered a drink each, we both tried a different kind of their infused vodkas. They were really good and were easy drinking. I had strawberry and my boyfriend had blueberry.The service was really friendly and made me feel relaxed. I might be biased because our servers name was Amanda,  but she was really witty and made us laugh the whole time. They also have a lounge side which is a bit louder for those who like more of a social atmosphere, good place to hang with friends. Overall I would come back again, there are more choices I'm dying to try!
4	Went last Saturday and it was great. Had the Love Boat which was a lot of sushi.  Spicy tuna rolls, amazing! The booths are quiet and private, a perfect place for a date so you can have good conversation. The only reason I did not give it five stars is the prices of the drinks.  Although GREAT, the drinks are a bit pricey. I had the divine wind martini which is really good.
4	Pisces has a very lounge-y vibe & accompany that with the yummy food & drinks & you've got a winner!I went here on a recent Saturday night with fellow yelpers Dion L. & Simone M. We arrived around 7 PM & due to the first night of college football, the restaurant wasn't too busy. We were seated in the lounge area. Our waiter (wish I could remember his name) was absolutely fantastic. So friendly, knowledgeable, funny, & witty. We started out with the tuna mango bruschetta, which was AMAZING. I really think I could have had two of these & been happy. It had just the right amount of "kick" to it & the tuna was perfect. It all tasted very fresh.I ended up getting the crazy roll & shrimp tempura roll. Delicious! The crazy roll was my favorite.You'll probably recognize one of the bartenders, Bob...he recently left Soul Gastrolounge.Drinks are exotic & they'll even craft you up one if you tell them what all you like.Service is top-notch, friendly & the place is clean. Prices are what you would expect.I'll definitely be back!
3	This is one of my favorite sushi spots  in the city . During the week they offer an all-you-can-eat lunch menu that includes some of their popular sushi rolls and other menu items for $14. (I enjoyed it even more when it was only $12).The atmosphere is very quaint and charming. It's both trendy and welcoming. The staff is also very friendly. Regarding the sushi, the rolls are quite good. It's not the best sushi in the area, but it's very enjoyable. It's hard to describe; the rolls are fresh, but they aren't very refined. With that said, I always enjoy my meal. I've even brought out-of-town guests here. Regarding the appetizers, I love their edamame which is served hot (like I like it). I also really enjoy their vegetable spring rolls. The calamari, however, wasn't very good. It was a little chewy.  My favorite side is the garlic noodles. Delicious!!! Overall, this is a solid spot. It should definitely be added to your sushi rotation.
1	Terrible! went there for lunch.Sushi had only rise, I had a hard time finding or tasting the fish. Rise was undercooked. Wasted my time and money. I suggest you Try New Zealand, although their location is not as prime.
4	Have lunch here often. Great decor. Spot on service and possibly the best sushi in town.
4	I brought all my friends with me to check out this sushi bar. It's very lounge-like. However, we went on the weekend-- so we didn't have time to enjoy the $14 dollar all you can eat sushi... which I would have appreciated to know very very much! I'll definitely come back during the week with my boyfriend. Love this place!
5	We took a party of 5 here for dinner during my friends' bachelor's party. Everyone with us could not stop talking about how great the sushi and appetizers were. The duck appetizer was amazing.The whole staff was very friendly and attentive too. I will most definitely go back the next time I am in Charlotte!
5	My now-husband and I had our rehearsal dinner here a few weeks ago. This is one of our favorite spots and we were excited to share it with our friends and family. Brian, one of the owners, was awesome and worked with us to create a menu that we loved. We rented out the private room and had our own private bar and bathroom. The staff was great - everyone was super helpful. And the best part? We got raving reviews from all of our friends and family! Would definitely recommend to anyone for a great date night spot or even a private event!
3	I'm going to cut to the chase, came here for the all you can eat sushi. For the price it's not too bad, especially if you can put down some sushi like me. I liked it but I wasn't overly impressed the sushi was pretty standard. I got some tuna rolls, eel rolls, and a few others. There's a pretty good variety of sushi available. I would probably go back if I was in the area and was craving sushi. The service was good, waitress was readily available to take our orders for our next plates once we started running low. The ambiance is pretty nice, trendy and modern. I went during lunch and I happened to be in a seat where the sun was shining in my face. At the time, there weren't any shades that could have been pulled down so that was a little meh.
2	Tonight was my first time at Pisces, and I have nothing to bad to say about the food. The sushi options were very creative and the rolls my boyfriend and I ordered (Crunchy Spicy Tuna, Leo, Eel Special, Spicy Tuna) were delicious. However, the service was not as satisfying.I watched as our sushi sat at the bar, waiting for pick up, for about ten minutes. Meanwhile, our server milled about the restaurant doing nothing in particular. When our food was finally delivered, she had requested that tobiko be put on the wrong roll. Not a problem, I just requested some extra on the side for the naked roll. Our server agreed to the request then disappeared. She didn't come near our table again until the meal was over, and then offered me the side of tobiko with a smug, "well I guess it's a little late".I got her name off the receipt, and if I return, I will not be sitting in her section. The food at a restaurant can be incredible, but bad service can make or break a meal. I hope that this is something the management recognizes and works on.
4	After reading the discussions in Talk and seeing some recommendations for Pisces, I thought we would give it a try. Even though it was early lunch time when we arrived, there was a good vibe coming off the place. The large bar area and the private booths in the back looked very comfy, but we took seats in the middle of the dining room.Opting for the all-you-can-eat, the sushi is prepared when it is ordered as opposed to the buffet-style at other places. A handful of hot plates (noodles and such) are complimented by a few different nigiri-sushi, (salmon, tamago, mackerel, etc) and a dozen or so temaki rolls. Don't expect anything earth shattering, but the stuff that they do offer is good, quality sushi that isn't nearly all rice.Our waitress was quite attentive, refilling sodas before they were empty and getting our sushi orders before the plate was gone.Is it the best in Charlotte? Maybe not. Is it the best ayce in Charlotte? Possibly.
5	Great sushi!  Great service. Great atmosphere. They have real nice private seating that you should try out for date night.    Also - the 100%best shrimp sauce !
2	Want to start out by saying the food is GREAT!  Its unique and among the best in Charlotte when it comes to Asian cuisine.  The only problem I have with this establishment is the price and the nickel and dime attitude management seems to take when it comes to their menu.  It's actually painful to be be so negative about this establishment because I like it so much but things like charging $5 for a kids orange juice makes me wonder where their priorities really are... In any case the service was good but I will consider other options like Nikko, Ishi and even Sushi 101 when it comes tosimilar food options.
4	I have heard great things about this place so I was really looking forward to trying it out. The atmosphere is perfect! I love the set up, not too bright a good intimate feel but not very dark either. I have to give the drinks a 5 star rating they have amazing cocktails ...I however wasn't too impressed with my meal. The waiter was great but I don't like how the shrimp came out. I like my shrimp meaty texture (i.e Enso style) but theirs were like that squishy not cooked all the way type and I really don't like that. I actually ended up not eating my meal :-/. However, my friends chicken was really good so I didn't want to give them less than 4 stars just for the shrimp. I will go back for another dish and see how it goes.
4	I've been to the all-you-can eat lunch quite a few times now.  At first I was hesitant, but this place has grown on me.  It's not the best sushi in town, but for $14 you get, not a buffet, but a menu to order unlimited amounts from.  Not only does it include sushi, but also fried rice, garlic noodles, and spring rolls.  It's all made-to-order.This last trip my daughter went with me for the first time.  She ordered a shrimp hibachi plate and thought it was really good.I'd like to try it for dinner at some point, but for lunch it is a hard to beat deal for some sushi.
3	I went there to try the Sushi. For the price it definitely wasn't worth it. We had a few OK rolls but this wouldn't be my place of choice for Sushi. I've heard Pisces serves other dishes that are quite good but have yet to try them. I'd be up for trying something else other than their Sushi to give the place a fair shot.
4	I went to Pisces for the all you can eat lunch yesterday! The sushi was great quality for the nature of what you were expecting. The nigiri sushi was great. My favorite was the shrimp tempura role. The egg rolls and sauce were awesome and my favorite! All of us were satisfied and the price was very reasonable at $14. I will be back! The only downside was service was fairly slow
2	First of all, when I ask for a gluten free menu he says we don't have one, but can you eat soy...like soy has anything to do with gluten.  So I have to read the whole menu to make sure nothing had temporarily in it.  It took me awhile and what I ordered want even good, was bland.  My friend got the octopus which didn't even taste fresh to me.We also didn't have s reservation and when we got there at 7 there wasn't even anyone in the place yet we had to sit at the bar with the bearded bar tenders.  I'm sad that one of my favorite places to eat had declined so much in customer service and price, (did I mention the drinks are 18dollars) yikes.  so let's just say I won't be coming back here anytime soon
5	I finally made it for dinner and I love this place.  Our "table" were 2 comfy couches with a small table in between.  It was so perfect.  Live music quietly played so we could still maintain a normal conversation.  I love the low-key atmosphere and little quirks this place has.  It definitely makes a perfect date night.  ;)For the sushi we ordered First Love Roll, Bobcats Roll, and a Screaming "O" Roll.  First Love was a more basic roll with mango that did not overpower the roll.  Had a big of a wasabi kick to it.My favorite was the Bobcats Roll.  It was a more complex roll with a lot of elements to it.  The crab salad topping made this roll.  I only had one piece of the Screaming "O" roll and, although it was not as spicy as I expected it to be, it was still a yummy roll.  I will definitely be back here since I loved every second of it.
5	Pisces is a great restaurant. It's quickly has became one my wife's and my favorite restaurant.The menu is awesome and drinks are always on point. They have a very friendly staff and management.  I would highly recommend for any day of the week.
5	My husband and I have eaten here a ton of times! Seems to get better every time we go! The calamari is delicious as well as everything else on their menu! Bryan has done such a great job with this place that he's expanded and opened another location up towards the Huntersville/Cornelius area. If you love sushi, great drinks, and a great staff, this place is for you!
4	This is one of my favorite sushi places in Charlotte. The atmosphere is intimate and cozy, especially if you get one of the hidden away booths. The sushi list is extensive and full of creative rolls and creative cocktails. The Rainbow Roll is one of the best ones I've ever had. The Jumanji Roll and Screaming O are wonderful as well. The service has always been excellent as well.
5	The food is always amazing and the staff are very friendly.  You have a wide variety of seating options from traditional tables to booths that are extremely private in the back of the room.  Sushi is always prepared fresh and quick to suit your busy schedule.  There are nights every week where they have half off bottles of wine, call ahead to verify the correct date. This is somewhat new to the business.  The dining area is clean and so are the restrooms.  Great for parties and large groups.
5	Pisces is one of my favorite spots in town for sushi for a variety of reasons. Some of them are: - Bob the Bartender- The Screaming "O" Roll- Tuna bruschetta- Garlic noodles- Bob the Bartender
4	Really good sushi!  We have become sushi snobs if you will.  We are on a mission to try all sushi restaurants in Charlotte.  They have such cool booths to eat in in Pisces.  They are a bit above average in price but I think that is due to location most likely.  Cosmo roll was our favorite, such unique presentation.  Really yummy cocktails too!
3	We dined here last week.  I noticed upon entering that it smelled like air fresher had been recently used.  It was very strong.  As we sipped  our wine the fragrance diminished.  Then, I noticed the person at the bar adding some sort of fragrance to a diffuser at the end of the bar.  I don't believe restaurants should be putting strong scents into the air if they are serious about serving food.  I left wondering why they were doing that.  We aren't sure we will be back.
2	This place was so overpriced and for not good quality either so I'm not really sure why the rave reviews?  I ordered just a spicy tuna roll & a miso soup because the prices were so crazy....even these two items cost $14...  I guess it would have been fine if the sushi roll was amazing, but it was one of the worst ones I have eaten.  It was messy and not held together well and the tuna was like smushed in.  I was happy I didn't decide to order a more expense roll - they have ones that are on the menu at $20!  Our waitress was ok...not the friendlist or anything.  This place is a rip and there are plenty of other sushi places in Charlotte where you can get the same quality or much better quality sushi for way less.
3	This is a solid good eat if you are searching for fresh tasting sushi. I ordered the screaming "O" roll and the cucumber special roll as well as the seared tuna in ponzu sauce appetizer. All of them were very good, especially the seared tuna. The staff are very accommodating too, our waitress was a little forgetful but her sweet personality made up for it. The reason they are not getting a higher rating is because we felt as though the table could have been more clean. The surface of the table seemed very sticky...just one of my pet peeves.
5	Hands down my favorite sushi restaurant in Charlotte.  The tuna is bright red so you know its super fresh.  Bryan the owner is amazing, always makes sure everyone  is doing great.  And Bob the bartender, he is a genius - no other way to describe it.  His drink concoctions are magical.  If you're looking for some delicious sushi at a place with great vibes, Pisces is your spot.
2	Went there today for lunch, walked out.  They no longer have all you can eat, and the prices have increased tremendously.  Will not be back.
3	The location and vibe of Pisces is great - right in the midst of the action at the Metropolitan, but across the street so you get a bit of separation. Plus, you walk in and the darkened room gives you a bit of a breather from whatever stress you have felt outside.When it comes to food, the sushi is definitely on the upside, though in some cases looks like they have spent some more time on the appearance than anything else. It's not a bad thing, just a thing. When it comes to other items (hibachi, etc), the dishes are also good, but nothing earth-shattering. Again, it's like more time is spent on the appearance than anything else.Now there isn't anything wrong with a lounge being a lounge, but a lounge being a restaurant? To borrow - and paraphrase - from Jerry Seinfeld, there isn't anything wrong with that, but it lends airs that just make it seem a bit indifferent. If you're there for cocktails then it might be a better experience. If you're there for dinner, it's a bit less impressive.
4	Took a while to get service after lunch. Not busy at all, just slow. The food was good and the lunch prices were definitely reasonable. The sushi combo is huge and has enough variety for two people.
4	The all you can eat lunch is gone!  But the quality of the lunch experience isn't diminished 1 bit.
5	I ALWAYS come here for sushi.. Even though I work at a sushi restaurant.. I love the vibe here and servers/bartenders are always so good.. I usually go in with my bf late around 1am when we get off and they're always welcoming too.. I feel bad since we come in so late but we def try to show an appreciation on gratuity when we leave..I went there alone the other weekend for a drink after a long day at work.. And everyone was cleaning up, but they were still okay about me sitting there, drinking and eating.. I would recommend trying the Crazy Roll and their scallops are off the chain. I live in Huntersville, so it's not too far from their new location, but I have not been.. Planning it soon and hopefully everything's as good as their midtown location :).
2	Sushi is ok, a little pricey. Service is awful however. I called in a pick up order on Tuesday and the person who ordered was very rude. I'm new at eating sushi and I asked what shrimp tempura was, and she responded saying "uuhhh it's just shrimp tempura." So I asked again, I'm sorry I really don't know what that means. And they replied with a huge attitude so I said forget it. I ended up settling with what I usually get because I dare not ask her anything else. When I went to go pick up my order, I stood at the bar for 5 min until I was greeted. I will not be returning.
4	While I agree with most reviews - not the best sushi, a bit pricey - I loved the hibachi, drinks, and service. Their infused vodkas are very good, and the atmosphere plus the presentation of the food made for a very enjoyable evening. Our server was very friendly, offering suggestions and answering all our questions. Our drinks were refilled and the bar-tenders and manager were very nice.
4	Came in for lunch today and it was a good experience. I had the crab salad roll and spicy tuna roll lunch combo with the miso soup and salad. The sushi was tasty. Some of the best miso soup I've had in the Charlotte area. Did not like the ginger dressing on the salad. Seemed more sweet than I'm used to. Sat at the bar and service was excellent.
3	This place was really pricey and I've had better sushi then this. While the place was nice, I wasn't too thrilled about the sushi menu. There weren't a lot of options and I felt most of the options that were there were almost all the same. The lounge area where we were seated at had mosquitoes, which I thought weird. Aside from being dark and small it was kinda uncomfortable to get into. Not going to say what I had was bad, but it wasn't worth +$15 and it was a bit messy and all over the place when I would try to eat it. If you want really great sushi then this probably isn't the place, all you will get here is a pricey messy roll.
5	What a fantastic restaurant!!! All around phenomenal! Called ahead to surprise the couple we were going with that had recently gotten engaged with a bottle of champagne and the woman that assisted me, Breanna was an absolute sweetheart!! So helpful, so kind and so accommodating. I was happy to see that the level of service I received from her was the same that we received from every member of their staff we encountered all the way up to their Asst GM. They made the couple feel so special and it was beyond anything I could have imagined and it was so appreciated! And then to complete the perfection puzzle, the food and cocktails were amazing!!! The appetizers were the perfect size to share (crab dumplings, holy delicious), sushi was fresh and well prepared and the dessert was fantastic (chocolate lava whatever the heck it was.. Out of this world, would go back just for that. I'm serious) Will definitely return next time in the area, it's a must!!!
5	Went basic this evening and got the crunchy salmon roll.   Good stuff.  The food is good if not great. Good beer selection. But heres the draw. The atmosphere is really great.  They have these couch type chairs that are perfect for date night. Service is fantastic and I cant give one single complaint.  Try it you will enjoy Im sure.
5	Great sushi!  Love to go during lunch for their Specials, made to order sushi menu.  Can't go wrong with the spicy tuna roll and the spring rolls are to die for!!!
2	This was once my favorite sushi restaurant in Charlotte, until a recent visit where I found the menu to be completely changed, with a whole lot of great rolls missing.  The XOXO used to be the reason I came here, I couldn't find a roll like it anywhere else, now that along with the crunchy salmon rolls, the kawai roll appetizers and the entire dessert menu are gone.  I can't understand why so many favorites would be removed from a restaurant's menu.  And I could not find a good alternative on the menu.  Unfortunately Pisces has now gone from my favorite sushi place in Charlotte that I took all of my out of town visitors to, to a place I am unlikely to return to.  Sky Asian Bistro, RuSan's, and Nikko now all blow Pisces out of the water.  Shame really.  Was a great place.
