4	This place is really great, it reminds me of an ice cream shop at UCLA where you could get an ice cream sandwich for $1.  They are $2 at this place and it carries Coke from Mexico which is cool too.  The only problem was 1. my girlfriend ate all the ice cream 2. there was too much of a selection I was confused by all the different cookies and ice cream types.
4	Just one word: YUM!One of the better establishments on Mill. The ice cream is pretty good, and I like the cookies--nice and thin. They make all different kinds, but I just go with chocolate chip. Then you choose an ice cream (I like the oreo) and they will make a sandwich out if it. I get the half size (one cookie folded in half) and it is huge! The prices are pretty low, and my boyfriend likes the fresh lemonade they have (doesn't  mix well with ice cream though). The service is good, and the owner is usually there and is really friendly. A nice alternative to the over-priced Coldstone down the block ...
4	This place is great, and I have to second Amy S.'s point about Cookiez being one of the better establishments on Mill Avenue.  These cookie ice cream sandwiches are amazing.  I always go simple and just get vanilla ice cream on chocolate chip cookies, but all of the ice cream cookie combinations are fantastic.  The owner/manager and staff are always really friendly.
4	When you first walk into this place you'll not smell the delicious cookies baking but of something wet and rotten.. kind of like old gym socks.. was pretty nasty.. so nasty we walked back out but the Mr persevered.. he ordered us a ice cream cookie sandwich and ya know what? It was fucking amazing! 2 super soft and chewy freshly baked cookies with an x-large scoop of vanilla ice cream.. sheer awesomeness! Only 4.75!
4	It is so easy to walk by this place on Mill and with the Cold Stone next door you might just assume walk next door.  The ice cream cookies are just wonderful and the staff is always helpful.  A hidden gem.
5	Oh my goodness, Ice Cream Cookie Sandwiches!And again...Oh my goodness, Ice Cream Cookie Sandwiches!And not just plain old ice cream cookies---giant, homemade cookies--a few different types.  And you get to pick which cookies you want (you can mix them too!) and then have them fill them with your selection of ice cream (did somebody say rocky road??)This is my favorite dessert recommendation for Mill Avenue...actually, this might be my favorite dessert recommendation for Tempe.It's unpretentious, friendly, delicious, and you can't eat the ice cream cookies without getting a little messy (which I think is a plus--not *too* messy of course).
5	I was looking for a place to get some gifts for friends, and since I was looking for bakery goods, I stumbled upon this one on Yelp.  Although it didn't seem to fit my gift needs, with so many good reviews, I had to check it out.The place is VERY unassuming.  Complete hole in the wall.  That is either a very good sign, or a very bad one.  Luckily for me, it was the former.The man working when I visited (owner?) was very friendly and let me know all of my options.  With limited $$ and belly-room, I knew I would have to come back.  It was the ice cream cookie sandwich promise that drove me there in the first place, so I decided to satisfy that on this trip.The cookies are GOOD.  So good!  I actually regret getting the ice cream sandwich because I would have rather focused on the cookie by itself!  Ohhhhhh, *nom*nom*nom*When I go back, I think I'll have to get a cookie and a lemonade.  Or maybe an Italian ice.  Or maybe a fruit smoothie.  So many options!  But I will definitely have the presence of mind to buy some cookies to bring home next time!Keep in mind there is almost no place to sit.  There was a table with a chair or two inside, and a table with 3 chairs outside.  Not a place to go with a big group of friends and have a sit-down chat.Please visit!  I love Cookiez and want it to stay around a long time!
4	Ice cream cookie sandwiches, sorbet, and smoothies late at night?What an awesome idea!The guy in the store was super nice and this place just makes me jealous of Tempe.
5	How this place stays afloat is beyond me. It is just so tiny. But in that tiny little space, that man packs a PUNCH of greatness! He is so nice and seems so happy to be there! The cookies are so fresh, and he will tell you his faves. The prices are super reasonable.. you can get a half cookie sandwich! He is not a cheapee, he will let you pay for a small amount, and he even OFFERS it! So sweet to the kids, great Iced tea, my only wish is that this place was bigger. But then he would have to raise his prices and stop offering me half cookie sandwiches that totally hit the spot in all the right places! Super job, sir, I hope you stay around forever!
1	this place charges $5.75 for two flat-as-uck cookies surrounding no-name ice cream. They're chewy and all but that's because there's a pound of butter in each one, and you can taste it. Diddy Reise charges $1.00 for two FAT cookes with name-brand filling. In the smack-dab high-real-estate center of Westwood. Never again.
5	I finally had my long awaited treat from Cookiez on Mill. I was not disappointed. The homemade cookies were great and the ice cream was superb. Put them together and you have an awesome ice cream cookie sandwich. You can choose from several different cookie and ice cream combinations. The cookies are a pretty good size. Don't have the guts to eat a regular ice cream sandwich? Well, you're in luck, you can get a 1/2 order, 1 cookie split in half with ice cream in between. Even this is a decent size serving for one person.You can also get shakes, smoothies, italian ice/gelato here. I was happy to also see bottled Coke (a personal favorite) in the fridge, among the bottled plastic sodas and water!  I saw a sign on the wall that there is fresh squeezed lemonade served.I enjoy Cold Stone as much as the next person, but do yourself a favor and bypass Cold Stone and go next door to get a ice cream cookie sandwich here. I just wish the place was bigger with some more seating inside/outside for the patrons! There is only one small table with four chairs inside.
5	Homemade cookies and homemade ice creams, two delicious snacks married together to make one over the top delicious dessert. They are big enough to share and cost as much as one scoup of ice cream at the big chain next door. My new favorite is two sugar cookies with rich and delicious german chocolate cake ice cream! Yes...german chocolate cake ice cream!Go, and go now.
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):9 Food9 Service9 Atmosphere8 ValueLove the free sample of chocolate chip cookie and the variety of ice-creams/cookies for the make-your-own ice-cream sandwiches.  The half-sizes are greatness too.I got German Chocolate Cake on sugar cookies.Chelsea S. got Mint Chocolate Chip on chocolate chocolate chip cookies.Both great.  Next time I plan to do Peppermint on M&M cookies!
4	Hmm...try not to miss this on Mill or you will regret it. It was a delicious treat at the end of a night. The baked cookies with which you can stack one of a few very mouthwatering ice creams on top of, were awesome, and like I said just pick one of  the awesome ice creams to go with it. I did a half size and was way more than satisfied. Try mint chocolate chip ice cream on chocolate chocolate cookie- it was bliss. Also enjoy sitting outside and watch the foot traffic. Mill never disappoints with fascinating people watching.
4	I had avoided this place for a long time. Reason being was some terrible review about it somewhere when it first opened and I don't even remember where.One of my famous Saturday nights I was on a sugar rush/prowl basically walking around eating everything in sight.. Not my proudest moment but it happens :)I spotted this place and off went the sugar bell in my brain.. Oh yeah! good or bad I'm getting me a ice cream sandwich!I was literally bowled over with how friendly the guy at the counter was. So friendly in fact that it caused me to act a little strange. I'm just not used to that on this side of the country. Usually its the normal "I get paid to do this" pleasantries get you in and out the door. I appreciate that just as much as I appreciate a long conversation with a checkout person. Its just a different experience and surprised me.I was instantly offered a sample of a super soft baked chocolate chip cookie. One bite and I could already feel the sugar rush. This was a darn good cookie. I really love soft baked and this one might have been a little underdone if anything.I was asked if I had been here before then was given the run down on how things worked. I made a quick decision because it was so overwhelming! I got a 1/2 chocolate chip cookie sandwich with peanut butter cup ice cream. *drool*They must have had 10 different cookies and 20 different ice creams that night. I could have been there forever if I was in an indecisive mood. They all looked and I bet tasted amazing.I think it was pretty reasonable for what you get. I believe I paid $3 for the half.. Which I tell you what, had me FLOATING around sugar rush wise. Had I eaten a whole I might have very well ended up passed out somewhere.. Happy! but passed out.Next time your in the area and want to try something different I would recommend this! Don't make the same mistake I did, take you time and sample! I bet you can come up with some amazing combination's.
4	My love of local businesses led me straight to this great place.  The operator (owner perhaps?) was so friendly and gave a full list of options from fresh squeezed lemonade to the amazing cookies and ice cream.  You can make your own ice cream sandwich by chosing from a list of freshly baked cookies and an even longer list of ice cream flavors.  Bonus:  you can get half a sandwich.  SO much better than most of the ice cream places that offer cookie sandwiches the size of your head that you either cannot or should not finish!  I regret chosing a normal chocolate chip cookie and french vanilla.  It was great but if I get back to Tempe, I'm trying something more unique.  Skip the chain next door and come see this nice man and his great shop.  You will not be disappointed!
4	Out of town must dos- If you find yourself in Phoenix and near ASU, they you should go grab a homemade ice cream sandwich- there are like 1000 calories prob, but boy is it good-keep it classic- chocolate chip sandwich with vanilla ice cream..students get discounts and it is a much do for the Italian ice-will come again when i am in town!
4	Back again.. same great customer service.. same great choices. same great taste.This time I took a little more time deciding went with a peanut butter chocolate chip cookie with chocolate chip cookie dought ice cream.I also sampled the German chocolate cake ice cream. It was missing the hint of coconut that I was hoping for so I decided against it.I was also entertained by the pair of cute girls in front of me who split a half ice cream sandwich. Their answer to the owner when he teased them about a half of a half "spring break is right around the corner."
4	Really cute little store, with a great concept. The girl working behind the counter was super friendly and we were promptly offered a sample of their chocolate chip cookie. They have a great selection of cookie and ice cream flavors to choose from. I got the peanut butter chocolate chip cookie, with chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream. Both the cookie and the ice cream were fantastic, especially the cookie. I like how you could order a half size, since the whole is huge!!  I took off one star because I think the whole concept can be too easily replicated at home, which I've often done.
5	The oldish man who owns the store is as sweet as can be.  Perhaps sweeter than the cookies or ice cream.Here's the lowdown: Giant ice cream cookie sandwiches for super cheap.  The flavor permutations are basically endless.  I had snickerdoodle with cookies and cream ice cream.  It was marvelous.
5	Went to this place because of diddy riese in Westlake. First thing I noticed, it was right next to some other large ice cream shop, which was empty. I expected a similar turnout at Cookiez, but it was "packed" with 6 people. Once you get in there, you'll see what I mean. The problem is the menu, it seems to be a little here and a little there. The flavors were on the left, the prices were on the right. Service was good, no problem getting help. Got what I wanted, split it with a friend and sat outside. The owner came out and told my friend and myself the entire history of Cookiez and the types of ice cream out there. He was a really friendly guy, the type of business you'd want to support.The cookie was a little thin. I would prefer to have thicker than flatter cookies. But the ice cream was great.
1	Didn't even get a chance to try their cookies or ice cream because of the horrendous smell that permeated throughout the store.  My friend and I ate lunch at Crave across the street and decided to stop by Cookiez to get dessert.  As soon as we opened the door the smell slapped us in the face.  I felt we had entered a bathroom which hadn't been cleaned in months.  My friend said it smelled like an old gym locker room.  Needless to say we left without ordering.
5	Alright this is the deal of deals, 2.75 for students and Im not sure if its a quarter more or not, but less 4 dollars. half an ice cream cookie sandwiches, trust me its enough.  Its a great pick me up for something sweet on millCookies are made their along with the good ice cream, and if your not into that they have italian ice.Place is small, but is packed with flavor, and smells like fresh cookies.Recommendation: If you love cookies made into sandwiches
4	Great choice if you want something sweet on Mill Avenue. I ordered a whole macademia white chocolate chip sandwhich with German chocolate cake ice cream inside. Definitely bigger than I thought it would be. The cookie was softer than I thought it would be and it was quite messy.If you are eating here for the first time, I would recommend ordering the half cookie sandwich; the whole thing might be too much sugar for you.
4	The cookies at COOKIEZ are so thin and yummy.. I don't think you can go wrong with any flavor of ice cream or type of cookie. .. But I haven't tried anything too crazy..The workers here are also VERY friendly and give great customer service.
5	Great ice cream sandwiches from a hard working small business owner! We enjoyed our ice cream sandwiches that were made out of fresh baked cookies. A small business surrounded by corporate giants. Try the snicker doodle cookies!
5	I was at school (ASU) over by Mill Ave and I had this outrageous craving for a frozen smoothie or ice cream shake.  I Yelped for the nearest spot and headed over.  The yogurt spot that was supposed to be there was gone, but I found "Cookiez on Mill" instead.  What absolute luck!!This place has Italian soda, ice cream shakes, cream soda, cookie shakes, and more!  Wait?  Did I just say "cookie shake?"  Yes I did! And it was fantastic!!  I had a butter pecan cookie shake with white chocolate chip almond cookie blended into it.  OMG, talk about a flavor explosion of buttery pecan goodness in my mouth, this cookie shake was awesome.I will be back, many times, to feed my insatiable sweet tooth that now craves cookiez on mill.
3	On Sunday, few of my friends and I decided to hand around Mill Avenue. We walked up Mill Avenue after a nice dinner. We then noticed there is a dessert shop opened called Cookiez on Mill. We decided to go in the shop to check it out. It is a tiny shop and the menu is posted up on the wall. We were greeted by the owners and they described to us what they served. Since they are called Cookiez on Mill I decided to have one of their specialty "Cookie Ice Cream sandwich." Good thing I only ordered half of a cookie because it comes in a pretty good size (with two scoops of ice cream). I ordered a chocolate chip cookie with Mint Chocolate Ice Cream. I believed they make their own cookies and ice creams. The ice cream is amazing good. The ice cream texture was creamy and smooth. You can totally taste the mint flavor and chocolate chunks in it. The cookie is nice and thin but I wish it was more soft and warm. It was little bit toward the chewy side and it is little hard for me to bite it through. Other then that I am pretty satisfies with the cookie sandwich. I loved to support the local shop and I really appreciated their effort to make a unique dessert shop on Mill for everyone to visit.
5	I work pretty close to this place and when i get a sweet tooth it's a hop skip and a jump away.  I always order a half chocolate chip cookie with chocolate chip ice cream sandwich.  It's so good!  This summer it was so hot it started to melt pretty quickly, so i would eat it in the bowl with a spoon and it is just as tasty.
4	Two words...Skinkerdoodle & Coffee. So there we were looking for some ice cream while walking down mill. We noticed a creamery we had never tried but as we walked up the hole in the wall caught our eye. Made to order ice cream cookies...NO WAY!!!! The variety was extensive and the cookies had that home made gooeyness like...well...I am sure someone used to make them that way for someone. If you are walking Mill for some reason and need ice cream ( hey I often NEED ice cream...don't judge ) I say Cookiez On Mill is a treat :P
3	Do you enjoy non healthy treats! this is your place. I stop at this place in a random day, and decided to try it. Friendly service made me stay longer and finally decided what to try. A oatmeal chocolate chip with meant and chocolate ice cream.  The cookie tastes ok (not the mos complicated recipe I guess). Ice cream...it is really home made...not italian style for my taste buds, but still ok. I had only half a cookie and it was MORE than enough!. For a society that can't taste glucose at 10%, this treat will surpass your sugary expectations ;)
5	Review #100 and appropriately 5 stars.  Gentleman serving at 6 last Sunday evening was very nice and accommodating.  You pick from 10 different breads (cookiez) and from many different ice creams, and make a sandwich of it.  I had a chocolate chip cookie with German chocolate cake (half because I was eating dinner soon) for $3.  He asked me and and the others in line if we were students (me years ago, same with the server).  He sure loves his job and I will go back next time I'm in PHX.
5	Excellent service, tasty ice cream, delicious cookies, and generous portions.  The cookies are made from scratch and you can tell they really care about quality.
5	If I believed in a god or heavenly afterlife, it would be embodied by Cookiez. The cookies are thin, soft, and can be draped over your finger like a Dali clock. The party in my mouth that is their homemade ice cream cookie sandwich is indeed surreal.
3	Nothing fancy here, just good ice cream, cookies and other treats. By itself it wasn't the best ice cream I've ever had but slabbed into a made to order custom ice cream sandwich it was pretty good. You choose the cookie (tip, you can get two different cookies) and your ice cream and there you go a nice treat that anyone in the heat can appreciate.
4	I got half of the chocolate chip cookie with cookie dough ice cream.  I think half of a cookie sandwich is perfect after a meal.  The cookie is rather thin, and the cookie dough ice cream wasn't the best I've had.  The girl working there was super nice and helpful, but I got a weird vibe from the guy (perhaps the owner?) who didn't greet us at all and took the seat at the only table outside.  Love how they have cookie samples though!
3	I like Cookiez, but I've had better for cheaper. I've only ever gotten ice cream sandwiches, and they taste pretty good. But the place is small, not very well-lit, and kind of rundown. It really has that hole-in-the-wall feeling. Their cookies come out of old tupperware boxes, and there are ads and menus pasted all over the walls and counters. I guess it didn't give me the feeling of it being very organized and clean.Their service is excellent, though. And both times I went, it was a really hot girl behind the counter.
5	I was walking down Mill with my mother when she saw the sign for Cookiez on Mill she turned into the cookie monster and said "Me want cookie". Neither of us have never been to Cookiez on Mill and were pleasantly surprised when we walked in this tiny cookie-ice cream shop. Right away we were offered samples of their delicious cookies and the best thing is that they will make you a homemade ice cream sandwich with any cookie and ice cream combo you can think of. The end result is the closest thing to heaven.
4	It seems as if every time Im on Mill I can't resist going to Cookiez.  They're right next to what used to be a Cold Stone which is sort of funny, but seriously, they're way above that place.  I always go for the Peanut Butter Cup Ice Cream Cookie sandwich, which is soo good.  The ice cream they have is awesome and the cookies might even be better.  The owner of the place is a real nice guy too and the girls that work there are always very friendly and pretty cool.  One time while I was there, some idiot came in and wanted to lecture the girl working on how the place's title should include "ice cream" as well to let people know exactly what they have, as well as how they should sell 3 cookies for a dollar like otis spunkmeyer...which is a totally ridiculous comparison, i mean, really? but the girl was really nice and listened to him and when she left rolled her eyes, he didn't even go in there to buy anything, just to complain, what a jerk, haha.  But yeah, back to the review...best ice cream in town, definitely recommend on an insanely hot Arizona summer day ( or any day for that matter)and oh, they have really amazing smoothies too, my girlfriend isn't much of an ice cream person so when we go she always gets one of the Smoothies, which are made from fresh fruit and juice and taste natural and fresh..because they are, ha.
1	Unbelievable! How this place stays in business is anybody's guess. The cookies are flat as a pancake have no flavor. I've seen pancakes that were more dense than these cookies! Where is the pure vanilla extract? Where is the flavor? Where is the butter? The dough base reminds me of the cookie dough you buy from people at work to help send their kids on a field trip. You don't really want to but it but you do anyway. I bake cookies for nieces and nephews so I know what they should look and taste like. You would do well to change your recipe-and soon. College kids may not care what their cookies taste/look like, but I do. Never again! To their credit though, the ice cream sandwich idea is a unique one. Now just give us cookies worthy of all that creamy goodness!
4	Best homemade cookies ever! They're all thin and slightly doughy. Whenever I have one I pee my pants a little cause they're that good. THAT GOOD! The fact that more "popular" ice cream franchises directly next door to it have come and gone over the years while this place remains should give you a good idea of how yummy these cookie sandwiches are.
4	The owner was really nice and we just got the free cookie which was rather delicious!! Would like to try the ice cream sandwiches next time.
4	Strolling down Mill street, the bf and I were enticed with free samples of cookiez. The choco-chip cookie sample got me. It was soft and chewy and enough to get me to walk into the quaint store. There's a good amount of ice cream choices as well as cookie choices. You have the option of ordering a cookie, ice cream, or even better an ice cream sandwich. I think they also offered shakes as well. We chose white chocolate chip with almond cookiez surrounding mint ice cream. You'll see that these folks are generous with the portions when you get your nice round scoops of ice cream smushed between the cookiez. I really like that the cookie stays soft and chewy even when it is pressed up against the frozen ice cream. I feel like other flawed ice cream sandwiches have cookies that become either hard and frozen or crumbly. Mention you are a student and you'll get a discount! This is definitely the dessert you want to accompany your late night date on Mill St.
5	Really good. The cookies are fresh and a pretty good size. The owner was nice too.
4	great local establishment... i loved the ice cream flavor selection, every one i tasted was delicious.  couldn't pass up cookies n cream though, which was yum-o!  and by checking in, i got a free Ghiradeli chocolate square, which the bf appreciated :)
5	YUM!
5	I have lived in Tempe, gone to ASU and worked on Mill for years and  I have nothing but good things to say about the ice cream and service at this place.  The owner and staff are always friendly, the servings are big, and they're perfect for stopping by on either a hot day or late night when too many glasses of wine at Cafe Boa make Cookiez sound like the perrrrfect dessert.  I'm not saying it's good for you, but the cookies are the fresh and gigantic, and with a giant scoop of ice cream in between, it's heavenly.  Do yourself a favor and try it out. :)
5	Im an ASU student and I have only heard great things about this place. I had a float with pineapple ice cream and orange fanta. So yummy. They also have cookie and ice cream sandwaitches and smoothies. The owner was very kind and outgoing. He was thankful for our business. It made me feel like I was in a 1950s mom and pop ice cream shop. Casual, affordable, fun place to grab some dessert after dinner while strolling along mill ave. great location. U can walk to it from asu after class.
5	This place was dangerously delicious.  Take homemade cookies and homemade ice cream, and put them together....all I can say is WOW.  I'm glad I don't live close to this place or I would be a severely obese individual.
4	Delish!! If you haven't been to Cookiez yet you are missing out on a life changing experience!From the inside Cookiez is nothing much to look at but you will be in for a sweet surprise. I came here with my friend. I decided to get half a chocolate chip cookie sandwich with french vanilla ice cream. No pre-made ice cream sandwiches! The cookie was good and soft, not an already frozen catastrophe waiting to happen. The ice cream was great too. There are various options for the cookie or ice cream you want to suit any taste! So go cool off at Cookiez  :)
5	Cookies is a must for any college student, local, or East Valley visitor! No matter what you order, it will be delicious. They also offer killer discounts and good smoothies and other drinks! Every time I'm on or around Mill Ave, Cookiez is the first place I go to!
5	Mom & Pop, hole in the wall, call it what you will, but this place is delicious.Their sweetened raspberry iced tea is the best I've ever had, perfect when running errands down Mill on a hot day. They brew each glass individually. I used to go here specifically for the tea, and have fond memories of heading off to California armed with a large one in my cup holder ;) The cookies are definitely the kind my mom used to pull out on a cookie sheet, with a little bit of grease (you know what I mean, like leftover butter almost) on the bottom and fresh. Lots of flavors too.They're super generous with the portions - you WILL need a spoon to eat the ice cream sandwiches, there is literally a rounded full scoop of ice cream in each. The owner is usually there, and 9/10 times is so super cheerful you can't help but smile. He also thanks everyone for their business each time. I finally decided to write a review because he was there today, and not only did he A) come out and chit chat while the girl was making my order, he B) asked twice if I wanted more ice in my tea since it was so hot out, and C) asked me if I was a student and gave me the discount. Not a big deal to most, but I'm used to having to go "Hey, I'm a student" and be 'carded'. Most places don't WANT to give discounts, but he was more than happy to and didn't make me rummage for my Sun Card either.
5	This place is absolutely amazing.  If you are looking for a quick sweet treat this is the place to go.  It a little hole-in-the-wall looking place, but once you take a bite into one of their homemade ice cream sandwiches, your mind will change.  I usually go for the mint ice cream with chocolate chip cookie, but when it's fall, I can't pass up the pumpkin ice cream with snicker doodle cookie. I've never found anything like it since.
3	I haven't try the ice-cream sandwich, their best item.So,, I feel bit uncomfortable to review this though.I only tasted the chocolate chip cookie which was okay. It was very soft, but the is just what you are expecting for all other cookies.  Very limited seats inside.
3	The cookies are pretty tasty. They're better when they are fresh. The girl with the dark brown hair that works there is kind if a bitch, just sayin.... To work in a cookie place you could at least smile or try to be nice? They're cookies for christ sake!
5	I have been to Cookiez on Mill many times and my only regret is not trying it sooner.  Cookiez has a wide variety of desserts, including Italian ice, milk shakes, ice cream, fresh lemonade, and fruit smoothies. While all of its desserts are excellent, the shop is most famous for its ice cream cookie sandwiches. A sandwich entails the combination of one or two large cookies (~4-inch diameter) and 2-3 scoops of ice cream. These massive sandwiches come in half (one cookie cut in half, with ice cream between each half) or whole (two cookies, one on top and one on bottom) sizes and are great for sharing. You can choose any of the several available cookie and ice cream options to make your own custom dessert. I recommend the combination of a white chocolate chip almond cookie with mint chocolate chip ice cream. The prices are quite low. A discount is also offered to ASU students and people who work on Mill. The owner is very friendly and always in a good mood.Pass on by the chain stores and stop in to Cookiez. You won't regret it.
5	Cookiez is such a fun place! From the outside, it's almost hard to find - the shop is small and looks almost like a hole-in-the-wall venue. But don't be fooled, go inside! You'll be hit with a wall of delicious smelling cookies and be confronted with way too many wonderful choices for ice cream.Get an ice cream sandwich! You'll have trouble deciding between the numerous homemade cookie options - I tried the peanut butter cookie and it was wonderful. Next dilemma: which ice cream to use? Again, another wall of delicious options, so you cannot go wrong. I went with rocky road and was delighted.The sandwich is a lot larger then you'd expect. Easily the size of my hand, I can't believe I haven't tried this place sooner. Skip dessert at the place you had dinner and go try Cookiez on Mill. You won't regret it!
5	This place is delicious!  Great treats!
5	Fresh baked cookies with ice cream? You really can't go wrong, especially since the cookies are fresh from the oven and the ice cream is a creamy goodness! Think of them like your Mom's freshly baked cookies, your Grandma's homemade ice cream and voila! You've got Cookiez on Mill. My favorite cookie is the home chocolate chip or the peanut butter cookie. Mmmmm, cookies.
4	Great ice cream sandwich. And they are HUGE!!! I got the vanilla with chocolate chip cookies
4	I was visiting Phoenix and Cookiez came up as one of the highest rated dessert places around! Trusting yelp, I went for it. I have to say , blink and you'll miss it!! The girl working was really sweet and gave me the ins and the outs of my choices. I was craving pistachio ice cream and she suggested the white chocolate chip cookie. I ordered the half size, which was the perfect amount. Everything tasted great, but I did think the cookie was a little stiff. I wish it was heated up a little first. Either way, it was a great snack!
5	Homemade cookies and premium ice cream made into a sandwich as big as your head! Friendly owner who's been in business for almost 10 years. You'll be so glad you stopped in at this delicious local hole-in-the-wall treat shop!
5	Ice cream with milk in it
2	So, with all the hype we were super excited to try this place. Honestly, it was mediocre ice cream stacked between a mediocre cookie. It didn't taste spectacular by any means. I felt like I had the same quality with a gas station ice cream sandwich. Sorry :/
3	The cookies come out of a rubbermaid bucket which isn't that appetizing.  Then the taste is less so.  I get the old-school Mill Ave charm, but these guys need to bring their A-game.
1	I'm not sure why the owner of this place thought it was a good idea, to bad-mouth the businesses in the area...all i wanted was some ice cream, and came out with an earful of negativity!! Ice cream is happy food! Be happy when u serve it!! I thought he was being a little tactless. There are better places to get a scoop...in the same neighborhood!
5	Best Ice cream sandwhich I have ever had
4	Pretty good. I enjoyed the ice cream and cookies but I especially enjoyed the conversation with the friendly staff. Can be kind of hard to find parking. I just use the pay lot to save time and walk a block.
3	Interesting dessert - they took a 0.5" thin cookie (I bought the half one) and put two scoops of ice cream in the middle. Nothing too innovative, but it tasted great. Don't order a full order unless you are starving. A half one is $3, but $2.75 with any student ID.Overall, it was just a normal ice cream sandwich, but at a great price. I felt that the value was well worth it, and there are many other flavors to try. I went with the boring options. Definitely worth a visit for anybody visiting from out of town.
5	Awesome the most delicious ice cream spot on the entire block of Mill ave. Allow me to elaborate the cookies are moist and homemade the taste is a flavor explosion in your mouth. The ice cream is homemade and it's a perfect marriage of flavors you would be pleased.
5	This place is heavenly!!! I have dreams about it on a regular basis. The cookies are so fresh and you can choose two different kinds and two different ice cream flavors. TASTY!
