4	Juliette & Chocolat is a cafe, creperie, and chocolate bar (yes, a "bar a chocolat"). Smoking is permitted outside, so we opted to go indoors. After a slight wait, we found ourselves in their air conditioned, smoke-free interior. This is a popular place and it's easy to see why. Just glance through their menu - complete with photos and English/French text (helpful for those who can't translate quickly) - and you'll find their offerings are simply outstanding!Our server was genial, helping us through our agonizingly difficult selection process. After much deliberation, I settled for an really strong espresso-flavored dark chocolate brownie (C$3.45) that literally had crunchy coffee beans in it, and a rich, chocolatey flavor. To balance, I had a mango sorbet, which had a refreshingly cold, refreshingly smooth, vibrant taste. I took a bite of brownie with mango on top, and I was in heaven. (I sampled my friend's pear crepe and nutty bowl, both which were surprisingly good.) [See my photos!]If I could legally marry Juliette (and Chocolat), I would. Recommended.
4	Great place for dessert!  However, be prepared to wait... the lineups can be pretty long. The dessert is fabulous! I tried the Chocolate Praline Bombe... it was heavenly!  They serve savoury items too for those that don't have a sweet tooth.
4	The crepes here are fantastic and well worth the wait. The wait staff is actually really good, and they better be with all the options you've got in front of you. The Hot Chocolate I had was marvelous, and the crepes were amazing. I didn't even order anything fancy and they were still amazing!On my second visit, somebody set up us the Bombe. It was an incredible blend of both textures and flavours. I was floored.The place is a comfy restaurant too. I'm certainly planning a trip when I'm out there in August for WorldCon.
5	I only had the "milk" hot chocolate but it was THE BEST hot chocolate that has ever passed my lips.  By the time I got to the bottom I was chewing on little chocolate morsels.  SO GOOD!!! Swiss Miss will never be the same after experiencing Juliette Et Chocolat.
4	OMG, I dont even like chocolate that much but found myself drinking 2 cups of hot chocolate, eating chocolate fondue with 2 different kinds of chocolate, and devouring a brownie.  Something about the chocolate here...its perfectly rich without tasting overly processed. You can pick from extra bitter, semi-sweet, milk, and white. Also, there are a variety of different types of chocolate to pick from for your hot chocolate drink as well. If you are a chocolate lover, you should really really really try this place.
5	Last time was here, Yelp didn't cover Montreal. Now it does, so I can adequately express my love for Juliette et Chocolat. I don't drink alcohol but my friends tell me that the Mojito, etc. are very good. I had the chocolate cake with hazelnut ice cream, fantastic combination. It's always crowded but we didn't have to wait more than a few minutes either time.
5	It was a drab & extremely rainy day Saturday when i went to visit Montreal. I'd looked up Juliette's before heading out, stopped to ask the directions at the visitors center. The girl (AND the guy's) reaction when i mentioned the name had me sold. It was a must try the way they were almost swooning by the name... I am so glad i trekked out to this small but lively little cafe, because i sure as hell was in for a treat :DMy friends and I ordered the chocolate fondue (my fav was dipping kiwi fruit pieces in dark chocolate) and the extreme brownie( intense semi-sweet brownie with icecream and hot chocolate sauce) was to die for. I regret not having enough time to go back here again and am totally planning my next Montreal trip, based on the fact that i want to go try more of the chocolate yumminess! If you are serious about chocolate and are in Montreal, this place is somewhere you MUST go.
4	A really great date place if either of you are into chocolate. In the winter, definitely try the grandma-style hot chocolate...it's out of this world. On the weekend, expect to wait 10-25 minutes if you're coming in the evening...it's quite busy.Be a good date and share some a fondu :)
4	My daughter discovered this place that is within 2 blocks of her apartment. I have been there twice and had the Dark Thick Hot Chocolate. It is totally deliciously decadent. It reminds of a cafe on Rue de Rivoli in Paris. I did not, on either visits, sample the food. In my mind this place is not about that. I suspect they will not survive, in the long run, but it's fun while it lasts. As a point of comparison Soma is about 35% better.
5	absolument divin.
5	This wonderful little place is very close to the Berri-UQAM metro stop, and yet my mom and I managed to get completely lost and walk for at least 20 minutes in the wrong direction. No matter; it was completely worth the extra effort once we finally made it inside and saw the menu.  I don't think I even knew there were so many kinds of chocolate - talk about overwhelming (in a very, very good way).  Though it was summer, I could resist ordering grandma-style hot chocolate in a variety that had a slight hazelnut flavor.  I was surprised that not only was is not overbearingly sweet, it was hardly sweet at all.  Again, this was a good thing - although it was also very rich so I had to drink slowly. My mom had a banana-chocolate milkshake, and it was probably the most chocolatey, rich, delicious shake I will ever taste in my life.  I would highly recommend it as a cold alternative to the delicious hot chocolates.Mom ordered a maple syrup crepe and I had the salted caramel crepe with fleur de sel.  Hers was good, but mine was one of the best crepes I've ever tasted in my entire life.  The flavor of the salted caramel was intense but very balanced - so it didn't feel too thick, or too overwhelming.  Just absolutely delicious.This was well worth our inadvertent detour and not too expensive for the quality of the food (and especially the quality of the chocolate)!
4	A lot has been said, so I'll keep it brief. Very nice, slightly underground patio.Buckwheat crepes - one of the best I've ever had with very interesting toppings in sweet and savoury.Good chocolate. It could be overwhelmingly rich, so chose carefully and savour!Coffee is good, just not hot enough. I kept trying first with caramel mocha, then espresso, and finally an americano. It was me searching for coffee heaven that morning. The amount of whipped cream on top of that mocha - boy, it could easily have been a meal in itself.
3	I came here with a friend and got two brownies and two cappuccinos to-go (Note: Don't bother with coffee/cappuccinos get the hot cocoa). Service was nice but flaky. We got our order to go and it seems as if we introduced a novel concept to Julette.It took nearly fifteen minutes to get two brownies and two cappucinos all the while we did our best to stay out the way in a very busy entrance.  Our cappucinos were handed to us in plastic cups (which were warping from the heat), and our brownies were tossed unceremoniously into paper bags.Classic brownie was terrible. Something that I could have gotten out of a package or from a super market. The classic was dry, and was most certainly stale and may have been a shrink-wrapped brownie from a gas station.Luckily we got another more expensive brownie which was fantastic and blended dark, milk, and white chocolate. Moist, dense, ever-so-slightly gooey It still suffered from being a little too sweet and not quite as rich as I was hoping for. But a chocolate experience much more on-par from a place like this. My partner and I shared this second brownie after tossing the first and it was plenty for two.But overall this place strikes me as awfully pricey for what it serves up. Nothing here is significantly more awesome than you'd get at a solid bakery (and some if it is quite bad).
3	Since there are so many reviews I will just add my 2 cents.I LOVE the chocolate Port, alcohol and chocolate were meant to be together!
4	not sure if this is the same location i went to, but juliette et chocolat in mile end was divine.i had the salty caramel crepe with fleur de sel and a chocolate banana smoothie - both were incredible.  pricing a little high, but all to be expected for designer chocolate, and their food looked so pretty it may as well have been fake.  would definitely go back!
2	This was the very first place I stopped to eat in Montreal and I have to say, I wasn't impressed at all.  Service is really lackadaisical - my water was given to me without ice (warm) and was never refilled.  It was also really hard to flag the wait staff down to place my order and get my bill (though I think that may have been a cultural misunderstanding - in a lot of places in Montreal I saw you went to the front to pay without a bill).  When delivering my ice cream and brownie to the table, the ice cream slipped off the brownie and hit the table on one side.  I watched in horror as my waiter just pushed the ice cream back on my plate.  Rather than dealing with refusing it, I just didn't eat that part of the ice cream.  But ick.  As it turned out, it was no great loss.  I mean, an ice cream and brownie is hard to mess up, and Juliette Et Chocolate's was fine, but nothing exceptional (I agree with Peter G. that I've had equally good brownies from supermarkets).  It certainly wasn't worth the $7 or $8 they charged for it.  Fortunately, all of my other Montreal gastronomic adventures went uphill from this.I will say the patio is very, very nice.  It's a great place for people watching on Rue Saint-Denis.  Just don't expect refills on anything.
2	Been here a couple times.  This place has great deserts, but the service is LAME. Slow, non attentive, and rude.  This place can easily be 4 stars if not for the service.
3	I came here for breakfast expecting to have a big crepe menu. Apparently they didn't but of course they did have a good food and drink selections of all sorts of chocolate. As far as atmosphere they have a nice outdoor seating area where its good to people watch. Food wise I had the 3 cheese crepe which was good but not full. I did not get any cheese till about 1 1/2 inch in and it wasn't that big of a crepe. Drinks I had the white chilled chocolate martini which was very very good. I would recommend this place for an after dinner desert or drink, not for breakfast.
3	Kind of gimmicky, but fun. My husband ordered Viennese coffee (he said it was perfect) and I ordered Viennese hot chocolate, which was served lukewarm! I would have complained, but the servers were so busy that I decided to suck it up. The hot chocolate itself was nice, very thick and chocolaty. I would like to go back and try some of their crepes, especially the salted caramel one.
4	Awesome desserts, I had some sort of chocolate banana split with brownie pieces. Although the selection of tea is lacking (8-10) it is all mid to high quality. Will return again for sure.
5	had the banana and chocolate crepe and they did NOT skimp on the chocolate. YUMMMMMMMMM SO GOOD!!!!!!!!!! my friend ordered a salad that had some crepe on it and it was delicious too - it had fruit and it was just all nicely presented. ordered something from the chocolate bar too - the dark and milk chocolate drink w/ ice cream. again, very good.
3	Brownie served with hot fleur de sel caramel taste wonderful indeed. But it's kinda expansive for the little portion size and this place always is jam-packed. There's a 45 min. line-up, then you sit down but there's an other 20 min waiting while you only have water to drink. Then you finaly get your things that you eat up within 2 min. by the same amount of bites.
5	Brownies, Chocolate, Ice Cream, and Hot Chocolate.  Wow, the chocolate options here are good.I had the caramel hot chocolate, which came out served in a brandy snifter! (See photo)  Also I had a brownie with hazelnuts, topped with hazelnut ice cream and literally steaming hot chocolate topping.Service is slow, but if you're not in a hurry and looking to enjoy a leisurely dessert, definitely give this place a try.  I'll be back for sure.
5	I went back again the following day, but it was closed. They don't open till 11AM. BUT WOW!!! my first time here my fiance and I ordered the fleur de sole crepe and a balsamic vinegar brownie. BOTH were amazing.The crepe was very well textured, and the sauce had an amazing salty, almost like salt water taffy, flavor and the stickyness of caramel. The brownie was extremely rich with a few raspberries in it. It had a delicious balsamic vinegar drizzle over it. I would both these again in the same sitting. They both complimented each other so well. One sweet and salty the other bitter and slightly acidic. Soo Soo Sooo good.
5	Grandma style hot dark chocolate, paper thin crepes made before me or fresh puffy and crusty, just slightly oily croissant.Extra shot of espresso to kick start the day in Montreal.Perfect!
4	When I went here, this place was packed. It's line was so long. We decided to wait it out, since it must be good with sooo many people waiting.We tried a couple of the crepes. They were amazing. I couldn't try the chocolate. Definitely will next time.It's a bit overpriced but well worth it.
4	We'd walked past a few times drunk, it looked awesome but rather expensive.  After a long talk we decided before we left we had to try a few things or else our Montreal trip wouldn't be complete:  Poutine. Schwartz. Crepes.  Old Port.   After a disappointing plate of poutine at la belle province  (tip:  you must be SHIT FACED to enjoy that slop)  we decided to rebound with some chocolate.    the glossy, chic over priced look and sound of Juliette Et Chocolate fit the bill for the crepes.  and it was also next door.   We had grannies peanut butter hot chocolate.  and after asking our waitress (condescending bitch btw!) what she recommended, sided with the crepe with fruit with ice cream and chocolate.  it was like 11 bucks.   the hot chocolate was more soup/spoon worthy.  A bit too peanuty and lack luster for me and the whipped cream was just from an areosol can (whipping it your self is not that hard guys... was really disappointed.  its like a pepper shaker at a fine dining restaurant.  tacky)  Buuuuut:   the over priced crepe was delicious and really surprised us.  It was enough for the two of us no doubt.  After taxes our buttholes definitely ached something fierce, but hey, at least its a town full of attractive french people fucking you.
5	This place is like a dream. I never thought a hot chocolate could be so good. Oh, how I wish we had a Juliette et Chocolat in San Francisco. The service was a great complement to the whole experience. I loved our server and I LOVED my hot chocolate. Gotta go back there before I fly back home!
2	We got chocolate fondue, which was quite good. Good variety of fruits for dipping, and the chocolate was tasty. We also got milkshakes, which were alright (kind of on the watery side). The menu looked pretty extensive (and expensive!), and includes many different items. (The crepes the folks around us got looked really good.)Unfortunately, the service really ruins the place.  We had to wait in line for a table (on a tuesday night).  The hostess was not particularly polite either. Once we sat down, we had to wait ages for the server to come by. They brought out our fondue first, and we asked about the milkshakes, and the girl who brought the food was extremely rude.  When we finally had everything, we also had to wait ages for our check.I understand that the place was quite busy, but I at least expect the staff to avoid being outright rude to the customers.
2	We came for crepes and were quite disappointed.  It was noon on Sunday morning and the place was packed but only has 2 servers working so service was pleasant but very slow.  Buckwheat crepes arrived over cooked, bordering on burnt and fillings were stingy.  The cafe au lait was warm not hot.  Prices were also high and considering the competition I would say this place relies on tourist business.  Chocolate seemed to be their thing so perhaps we should have tried that instead
5	CHOCOLATE! how can it not be 5 stars? I kept it simple last time I was here and had the crepe with dark chocolate. Others on the table had fondue, banana split, and hot chocolate. All of them looked very good, and taste as good as they look! If you love chocolate, go to this place!
3	Excellent service.Beautiful patio.Good crepes.
5	WOW!  The best crepe I've ever had, really fantastic chocolate... I am still dreaming of the food here.
4	3.5 stars. I bought the Tanzanian chocolate drink, which cost about $11 overall. It was good, but I've had just as good elsewhere for half the price. Still, the wait staff were helpful and friendly.
4	Lots and lots of chocolate options. Everything we ordered was delicious! It was worth the 20 minute wait and the lack of attentive service.
3	Juliette Et Chocolate is quite an experience. You don't know if you rate it "OMG AWESOME" because of the amazing chocolate, or if you just walk away and punch all staff in the face because you've experienced the worst service of your life. What I'm trying to say, the chocolate is really good, but the service is so bad, is almost compromising. They should give more chocolate to their staff, I'm sure it would solve the problem.
4	A friend recommended us to go here and this place didn't disappoint! I ordered the caramel trifle and I had a orgy in my mouth! I also ordered a hot chocolate (can't remember what type i think it was the hazelnut) and it was too bitter for my taste. I also ordered a packge of their chocolates and even after 3 days they tasted amazing, much better than your boxed chocos that you can buy from the mall/drug store etc. Above all the staff was friendly :D
5	Wow!Okay I'm going to take another line to say it again....WOW!!What a nice place!  First of all, my girlfriend and I are certainly fans of chocolate, and so we figured we MUST go here.  She'd been here once before and had a great time, and she knew I'd love it.  ..... INDEED!So even though this place is designed around chocolate, they have some great salads and crepes too!  The entire menu isn't chocolate.We started with a bottle of cidre, which is typical for my girlfriend and I.  We each had a nice salad.  Hers was strawberries and goat cheese on a nice, hefty bed of mixed greens.  This was all topped with a strawberry-chocolate dressing of some sort.  Mmmm...  Mine was a mixed green salad with spinach, chicken and warm goat cheese.  What an amazing combo!  I told my girlfriend we should get a different thing every time we come, but I'll have a hard time because I"ll want to order that amazing salad again!For dessert, they had quite an assortment.  Half the menu or more is chocolate-something or another.  My girlfriend had a nice little peanut brownie which she said was absolutely delicious.  I had a martini which tasted like a melted chocolate raspberry bar mixed with liquor.  Truly unique and yummy!  The service was okay, though a little slow.  This was probably due to the fact that they were so busy.  We went on a Sunday night and the line was out the door (literally!)  We sat within viewing distance of the door, and noticed that the line was there during our whole meal (maybe... 1 hour 15 minutes).  What a nice place!  We WILL be back (again and again and again...)
4	Yum!
5	I totally love this place!I love the red cook hats they're wearing.I love that they have two patios - front and backI love the locationand of course I just love everything on their menu!their alcohol chocolate drinks are very interesting. I only tried Nutcracker and Chocolate Mojito but both very yummy.Smoothies are think and chocolaty rich. brownies are yummy and always served warm.crepes are yummy too!I always go here when I'm in montreal!
5	Where do I begin?  Chocolate heaven.  We wandered into here upon me deciding that I wanted to end the night with some chocolate.  My group ended up getting 2 crepes, 1 sundae, 1 fondant, 1 alcoholic drink and my hot chocolate.  All of us shared bites from everything.  As nessa stated, the alcoholic drink was interesting.  I forgot what we ordered but it was the one that had the spicy kick to it.  Good, think but interesting nonetheless.My hot chocolate came in a small pitcher and a latte mug.  The hot chocolate was so think and rich even though i got the bittersweet chocolate -- my kind of hot chocolate.  Both the crepes (apple  and strawberry/banana) were great.  Crepes were light and think, with a drizzle of dark chocolate covering the fruit.The sundae and the fondant were lovely as well.
3	This place was pretty good. It's hard to be majorly terrible when all you well is incredibly rich and chocolate-y foods.  I came with a friend on a Tuesday night around 9:30. It was busy but we didn't have to wait for a table. Service was pleasant but a little slow and our foods themselves took a longer than expected.  I had the white chocolate raspberry smoothie and my friend had a hot chocolate - we also split a.. I think it was called 'Trifle' heavy cream and salty caramel bits as well as brownie bits all served with hot chocolate to pour over it.  Wow. Everything was very rich and sweet.  Our beverages came with a free crepe, which we got to go because it was already too much dessert. (I'm guessing the crepe would have been way more delicious at that time than for breakfast the next day, which is when I ate it. )The desserts were pretty delicious, but as far as chocolate standards go, pretty middling.  Would I come here again, absolutely, especially with a chocolate-lover. Would a bring a foodie here for dessert? Probably not. The selections were too standard and the quality only average. That said, unless you are a chocolate nerd, you should probably read this review as 4 stars.
5	This place is the perfect place for chocloate lovers. I come from the US and i wish there was a place like this in my city. This is literally a chocolate heaven.
4	Crepes, chocolate, and whiskey. Um...Yay!So, we were looking for a place to get a light supper but got sidetracked when I saw this place. What. Chocolate? Omg. We have to go here.Overall First Impression: Big date place. Great for after dinner dessert or drinks. Super great for a light meal and a heavier dessert. It's a large space that got busy and loud. Service was also a little slow, but we saw it as "an opportunity to better practice the slow food movement". :)Chocolate Heaven: Loads of chocolate drink options (both with and w/out alcohol). The classic style is lighter while Grandma's style is heavier and more like sipping chocolate. Desserts, brownies, fondue, ice cream, pastries, and flamed crepes...ALL with chocolate. [hear chorus of angels]We ordered 2 savory crepes and 1 very awesome chocolate drink:Him: The pesto goat cheese with walnutsHer: The Vegetarian (Mozzarella, tomatoes, and pesto)Her again: Irish Chocolate (Dark chocolate and whiskey)I liked the vegetarian crepe better than the pesto goat cheese.  The goat cheese was just a little too rich. Plus, anything tastes healthier with fresh tomatoes. The Irish chocolate was a thick, sipping drink, not too sweet, and with just the right amount of whiskey. I would SO come back here.
3	Had one of their savory crepes... the grilled tomato and goat cheese.  Excellent!  For dessert, the chocolate fondant with salted caramel.  Was also very good but should have been served warm.
1	Now lets get one thing straight- there is no question that the food here is worth every single penny they charge however the service is nothing short of disgraceful.I can only speak on the location on St Laurent and what I experienced was enough to keep me away from there for a very long time. Staff were too busy talking to each other to take orders and clear tables. When the couple across from us asked to give their order in, the waitress told him to "hold on" and then rolled her eyes (this couple ended up leaving because they were so disgusted after being told to be patient 3 times)When we got there, the restaurant had 10 people in it and it took over 20 minutes for us to submit an order. The staff look annoyed, uninterested and bothered no matter how friendly one tries to be. Getting the bill was a 45 minute ordeal and we ended up having to corner a busboy to get it. We waved someone over who dismissed us to go and chat with other coworkers. When another couple asked to speak with the manager, the waitress laughed and went and got a colleague to deal with him.If you like chocolate and disgusting service, definitely stop by- i'm sure you'll get a full serving of both. I will be spending my money at their other locations.
4	A Max Brenner meets The Chocolate Room. Best way to describe this place. Touristy, but still with quality food. A chocolate lover's heaven. We witnessed long lines at both locations, about a 20mn wait the night we came in.They serve different assortments of hot chocolate (white, milk, varying degrees of dark) from many countries. We settled for hot milk chocolate. Since we weren't too hungry, shared a chocolate cake with ice cream on the side. Cake was very rich, decadent, delicious. Great choice!Con: terrible slow service. Overpriced meals
5	After reading some of the reviews I went to Juliette Et Chocolat expecting a Cafe Rude / Soup Nazi experience and therefore I was both disappointed and pleased to be greated by a friendly and helpful staff at Juliette Et Chocolat. I am a hot chocolate nut, who rewards himself with two cups of hot cocoa each night of the year as a reward for staying within my dietary guideliines during the day. During any year I will go through 30 canisters of cocoa powder with my favorites being Allegro, Lake Champlain and Dagoga Xocotatl. I had the Chocolat Epice at Juliette and without question, it is the best I have ever had. The Intense Chcolate  Brownie for dessert was warm and everything I hoped it would be. I felt the portion of the Chcolat Epice was generous for $5.95. I will be back in Montreal in November and I guarantee that I will make it back to Juliette Et Chocolat.
4	Oh Juliette et Chocolat. I have spent countless evenings here sitting at a corner table catching up with friends, laughing, eating and drinking all things chocolate. The wait has sometimes been long - the place is so popular that lineups used to be out the door, even when it was chilly out. Their menu is nothing short of indulgence. They have profiteroles, salads, crepes, fondue, brownies, shots of chocolate, hot drinks, you name it, they've got it. Such a unique place you dont appreciate until you leave Montreal, then you find yourself CRAVING! But anyway! I digress! Its no secret I love Juliette et Chocolat. But this location probably the least of the other two. This is the smallest, so it is very cramped, and it takes years to get someones attention to order. Nonetheless, still one of my favourite spots in Montreal.23/30
4	Cool atmosphere, nice hot chocolate and in one word : Chocolate heaven
5	Have you, like me, had a lifetime of 'Augustus Gloop' envy, wondering what it would be like to fall into a chocolate river and drink to your heart's content? If so, here's your (golden) ticket to The Gloop Experience...save some nickels (quarters, actually), come here, and plan to order Alto el Sols until your eyeballs are swimming. You'll only end up drinking one, but you'll have the satisfaction of knowing you were ready/willing/able to drown in it. I drank 2 on separate occasions. Not gonna try to describe it. If you like chocolate, you're obligated to try one. Be warned, though, that drinking from the glass and using a spoon will leave a lot of chocolate up and down the sides of the snifter, and you with commensurate regret. During my 2nd visit (and after my 2nd 45-minute wait), I used a straw and drew from the middle of the brew. Only a few chocolate molecules were left on the sides of the glass. Airfare to Montreal, justified.
2	I have been to Juliette et Chocolat a couple of times, mainly when it first opened in Montreal a while back. Every time I go I seem to have the same issues:1. orders take A LONG time to come out. I always find myself waiting, whether we are a large or small group.2. the food is not exceptional. just average I would say.3. It feels like a chain. It is trying hard to blend into the zeitgeist of Montreal's unique cafes and terraces, but it isn't. It uses cheap finishes and bad decor that are a far cry from the warm ambiance that is truly a unique Montreal joint.I avoid going to these restaurants and am really surprised that they are getting such great reviews. I will try again seeing these reviews, perhaps they have changed in the couple of years I haven't stepped into one.
4	I love their hot chocolate, so thick and rich ... their chocolate crepes are yummy too. You may have to wait to get in sometimes. If really busy, the service can be not amazing. The bathroom are not always clean especially if they are more busy. Overall, this place is a chocolate heaven and a very unique experience :)
4	This place is packed. Really cute, pretty average prices, except for the drinks because they are made of pure chocolate, so they are a bit pricey and my gosh are they decadent! Dang! Really cute for kids too becuase it's a place that specializes in chocolate...but also they have great crepes and chocolate liquer drinks. It's one of those, well known and well-loved restaurants of Montreal. Worth going to at least once.
5	Best chocolate menu I've ever seen! I recently hit up Max Brenner in NYC and wasn't very much impressed  but Juliet et Chocolat delivers! Hot chocolate drinks are served in red wine glasses and they are thick and rich.  I had the chocolate fondant cake with fleur de sel caramel topping and hazelnut ice cream.  Delicious!  The cake was gooey and rich.  Definitely worth trying if you are in Montreal.
5	the fleur de sel brownie was the best brownie i have ever had in my life!!!concept is amazing, service was friendly and attentive, there were indoor and al fresco options--on a perfect part of the Saint-Denis strip to people watch--and the menu was extensive.  bonus: waitstaff spoke English fluently and didn't mind my high-school attempts at French!  the hot chocolate could have been a little richer for my tastes, but i eat like Paula Deen pre-diabetes....the world needs more places like this!
3	To sum it up in one word: average. This place is nothing special. I came here with a group of 7 ppl and since it was earlier in the day, they had room for us but otherwise I wouldnt recommend it for more than a group of 4. We each ordered crepes. My mushroom crepe was average. I've definitely had better. My big issue is that all the savory crepes come on buckwheat only. You can taste the texture and flavour difference and I would've preferred a regular crepe instead. The salad dressing was some kind of balsamic but this balsamic in particular was very offensive and I couldn't eat it at all. Service is slow but kind...at least for the servers who can speak english.
5	I just came back from Montreal. While I was here, I had brunch with Juliette et chocolat for three days straight once I discovered it. Just something great about having some hot chocolate and crepes by the sidewalk in the morning. Took my friends here the 2nd day that were also in town for the wedding. We kept coming back. They have a variety of unique chocolate, I'm not an expert but all I get here in California is nutella on all the crepes. Nice to see a change!
4	The best crepes. We were skeptical because the crepe is made from buckwheat but turned out to be delicious. Adding chocolate drinks, turned this lunch into a spectacular event. I had the classique hot chocolate with mushroom crepe. GF had the provenciale crepe with a large chocolate drink. We ordered 2 brownies but had to take them with us as we were a little full.
3	I waffle about a place like this, it is a place I try to make a habit of going to late at night but it has a very Jekyl and Hyde persona.  I try to make an effort to go here everytime I am in Montreal, but last time made me rethink.Juliette could best be described as a chocolate house, with a dessert option that also provides crepes.  Emphasis though is on chocolate in many forms.  Cups of cocoa with variations of chocolate from around the world.  white,milk,dark and various spices are presented in huge brandy snifters for you to enjoy.  They are decadant and world class.  Brownies, tortes abound, and not blase creations either, they may look simple but are filled with solid mouthwatering ingredients.The place and menu has expanded greatly too, but the seating and service is really hit and miss.  On a superb cold December night I was here on a slightly less crowded but still very busy time, drinking ganache and whiskey.  It was pure heaven.  Many of the alcohol options though you will have to order with a crepe since they can't serve it without "food" by law, which is too bad, but rules are rules I guess...Unfortunatly though service here can be painfuly bad.  Much of the wait stuff is straight out of high school or at least still in it judging by how young they look.  A return visit this August for myself, on a time when the city has more tourists provided nothing but pure chaos as our server quit her shift before we could even get our bill.sigh...The good thing is you can walk out of here spending 20-30 dollars and getting a good fill on exquisite and fun chocolate, but the service can be attrocious, and the chance to get a table very difficult. It is quite popular. The staff also doesn't look like they are having a lot of fun either most nights, they just look totally slammed.  Too bad, because when this place is in a good rhythm it's phenomenal.
4	I've been coming here for a while whenever I go on family vacations to Montreal. I absolutely love the atmosphere, the chef hats that the workers wear (along with friendly service), and ...CHOCOLATE! Oh the fondues and crepes, yum yum yum!This is definitely the best place to get crepes (you won't see just Nutella as the only "chocolate" topping here!)! I would love to come back here when I visit Montreal next time~
4	Our first night in Montreal was insanely cold. After walking in the cold after dinner for like 15 minutes, JW and I decided to have some nice dessert before fighting the cold again on our way back to the hotel. Once we entered the Juliette et Chocolat, the lively and happy atmosphere quickly warmed us up. I instantly knew that we would have a good meal here!We ordered fruit, melted chocolate and ice cream crepe. It was one of the best crepe I have never had in my life. First of all, I like it when the fruits and ice cream are placed on top of the crepe and not wrapped in the crepe because you get to eat everything at the same time in one cut. Most importantly, you get to see the pretty presentation all the dish.There was A LOT of different kinds of fruits (at least 7!) While the bitterness of the dark chocolate helped to elevate the flavour of the fruits, the ice cream added a moderate amount of sweetness to the crepe. Therefore, we were not too overwhelmed by the crepe.We also ordered the chocolate fondue duo. How could one not order chocolate at Juliette et Chocolat? We ordered extra-bitter and milk chocolate, hoping to get an equal balance of sweetness and bitterness. But we liked the extra-bitter a lot more because, again, it helped to bring out the flavour of the fruits. We found the milk chocolate to be a little too overwhelming.As one might probably assume, banana and any kinds of berries, (strawberries, blueberries and blackberries) go really well with chocolate. Although there were a lot of fruits (pineapple, green apples, apples, grapes, organes, kiwi, pears)  and they did go with chocolate, we still liked banana and blackberries the most. We could not finish all the fruits after eating all those from the crepe.conclusion:roasted!if you are in Montreal and if you like chocolate, you should absolutely visit Juliette et Chocolat.visit http://theroastedacorn.com/2012/12/15/juliette-et-chocolat-montreal/ for awesome pictures of the food i mentioned :)
4	Ever thought of managing your chocolate cravings? Well, i think it becomes impossible when you try one of the most renowned restaurants in montreal.Juliette et Chocolat is a pastry shop famous for their chocolate bar, but there is a lot on the menu such as savory crepes, pastries, brownies, intense shots. and many other delicious chocolate based desserts...Chocolates offered are great vintages with unique flavors, served Grandma Style or Classic StyleLocated in different places (quartier latin, Laurier ouest, St Laurent, and St denis), one cannot but smell the chocolate when passing next to the place, I've been there a couple of times and every time i'm amazed by the quality of service, and the hospitality of the waiters wearing there red French style beret.The Best things about Juliette et Chocolat are the Fondant au chocolate and the Hot Chocolate. Specially made for the place.. The Brownies are a dessert to try as well...
5	OMG! The best chocolate desserts ever! Must try hot chocolate. So rich, creamy and delicious. Everything we tried here was delicious. The Chocolate Fondant was so good. Definitely high quality chocolate. The crepes are the best quality. Tried the banana and caramel.  (tried this at another shop and couldn't believe the difference) The atmosphere was warm and welcoming. The staff was helpful, friendly and happy. Totally good experience. :)
4	The place is kind of small so you can expect a wait if you go on a weekend.  This is a very popular spot and what's not to love?  Chocolate, chocolate and more chocolate!I'd recommend if you want dinner (or lunch) as well go somewhere else before hand and then head to Juliette for dessert.  I find there salads and savory crepes to be ok but nothing great.  The desserts though are another story.I usually get the brownies although the crepes are good (especially the peanut butter, chocolate and banana one).  The balsamico is worth trying.  It's a dark chocolate brownies with a raspberry-balsamic reduction.  I wasn't too sure about the balsamic part when I ordered it but I was proven very wrong when I tried it.  It was very good!  Also you can't go wrong with the intense brownie or the fleur de sel one.  I' wouldn't recommend the cheesecake brownie though as I found it too rich for my liking.The service can be pretty good some nights and bad on others.  A few times they've forgotten to bring things that someone I was with ordered like lattes, milk, etc.  It can also be slow when it's an off night.  On other nights though it's spot on.   I'd definitely recommend going though.  It is well worth the trip.
5	Not finding any appealing dessert-specific spots in Old Montreal, my friend and I ventured into the latin district on a Wed evening for something that would satisfy our sweet tooths.  We were not disappointed.  There was no line, we were seated outdoors on a beautiful June evening and we got our orders pretty quickly.  I ordered the banana-salted caramel-ice cream crepe, and cleaned my plate.  The crepe itself was particularly delicious, in my opinion.  One of the best crepes I've ever had- it had a wonderful flavor and texture.  I also wanted to try their drinking chocolate, but was worried that it would keep me up since I had taken a nap not too long ago and typically try to avoid caffeine, so I opted for the extra bitter/dark shooter.  The shooter's are more like a ganache than a drinking chocolate, so it wasn't exactly the same experience, but at least I got to taste their chocolate that way and it was heavenly.Would definitely recommend to friends and if I'm ever back in Montreal I will be sure to stop here again!
4	Great spot for a casual dessert date in Montreal.  This was one of those random finds during our off the beaten path excrusions when one of my girldfriends decided to check out the street that was decorated with lights.  We arrived shortly after dinner around 8pm and had no wait.  But when we left about an hour later there was a long line. We ordered two crepes Strawberry nutella and a banana vannilla with chocolate.  Definitely ask for the nutella.  If you have had nutella compared to chocolate there is a difference. Tip: Great for groups since they split the bill for you hassle free.
3	A restaurant that focuses on chocolate? Hmm I must try this! Again we went with the French side and each ordered something different. I ordered the Balsamico: chocolate brownie with strawberries in a basalmic reduction. I was expecting a brownie with strawberries on the side. Instead I got a brownie with strawberries on the inside. It was good, just a bit gritty. -1 for that. Also the waitress kept forgetting to bring the drinks that we had ordered. My husband ordered a milkshake but he never got it. Weird.... -1 star. 3/5
3	Great desserts, average food, poor service.  Not the best combination.We strolled by after reading about this place and found it to be somewhat busy on a Sunday afternoon. We ordered food and waited a while as the staff members constantly bumped into my chair as they opened a door (why did they seat us next to a storage room door I don't know).  When we were done we ordered dessert and waited. We then waited some more. We then asked our waitress about the dessert, she went to check.  We waited a little bit more. Then someone noticed we were irritated and asked us what we ordered. We waited some more and then she came back and asked us again.  Finally, we got the dessert and then paid and left.
2	We waited for seats for twenty minutes at which point they started shutting down tables. We asked what was going on and were given a song and a dance about how that section was being shut down. Eventually they told us that the bathroom was broken and they were closing but that we were welcome to take our expensive hot chocolate to go. Waiting for a purpose is fine, waiting for no reason is not. I usually don't give two stars without multiple trips, but this was a little too absurd to not comment. Based on others reviews, it sounds like management has a huge customer service issue to address with their staff.
4	A must visit if you are a chocolate addict
2	Mixed feelings for this place. We ordered crepes & coffee. The coffee got to us AFTER our crepes did, and it was the worst burned coffee I've ever had. The crepes, on the other hand were  delish! We had the Nutella & the turkey, spinach, egg & cheese. I felt really bad for our over-worked waiter- Julien. He was waiting on about 15 tables which is why the coffee took so long to get to us. Giving 2 out of 5 stars because our waiter was nice and the crepes were good but it seemed the be very disorganized.
4	Crepes... what more can be said?  The place was very busy, but the waitress was attentive and friendly.  I ordered a dark chocolate praline crepe, and the bf got dark chocolate with strawberries.  It was awesome being able to have an option for the chocolate.  When we ordered "dark", they asked if we wanted bitter or semisweet.  Unsure of how bitter the bitter dark would be, we both went with the semi sweet and were pleased.The dessert they were churning out all looked amazing.  We both left the place in full-fledged chocolate comas.  Full, but satisfied.  If you are a chocolate lover, this is definitely a place to check out!
4	There's few things better than sitting on a terasse in warm weather, with good company, and enjoying a sweet or savory snack. I had the dark chocolate crepe made with semi-sweet chocolate. It was generous in the amount of chocolate, I just found the crepe to be a little too thin in certain areas. Also, the service was a bit slow...it seemed to be not the busiest time of day but there were a number of other patrons at the time. Was it good? Absolutely, and it's a nice change of pace compared to my usual spots. I'll definitely be back again to try something else.
3	Chocolate overload...!We ordered the chocolate fondue for two. We ordered it with milk and white chocolate. It came with a wide variety of fresh fruit It was definitely enough for 3 maybe 4 people. My boyfriend tried the semi sweet ganache shot? It was super sweet... Just like your standard chocolate frostingThe chocolate milk shake was horrible...The service was really slow and everyone looked confused Lol
4	Overall :Good chocolate drinks, delicious crepes.  The alcoholic options were a little underwhelming, and the line to sit down was daunting, but overall worth stopping in if you're passing by.Drinks :My partner and I both had alcoholic chocolate drinks.  She had the nutcracker, and I had the Spicy Sunset.  Both were good, and you could taste the quality of the chocolate, and the thought that went into blending the flavor.  That said, I think I would have enjoyed a non-alcoholic option much more.  The alcohol was actually discordant compared to the rest of the drink, and it was tantalizingly "almost perfect"Food : Oh god the crepes.  My partner had a plain sugar crepe and she was very happy with just that.  I had the salted caramel crepe and I wanted to take it home with me to live happily ever after.  The texture was perfect and the sauce was delightful.  Just thinking about it makes me happy.  Is it legal to marry a crepe in Canada?Service :We decided to go in because there was literally a line out the door when we walked by.  Despite that it moved pretty fast, and they didn't argue with us when we asked to wait by the side for an outside table.  They were pretty close to closing and that was definitely a distraction, but overall I'd say service was pretty good.
2	Got sucked into this place when we saw 4 star yelp reviews. Not worth your time if you value service.  We (2 of us) got there around 9:30 pm on a summer Sunday.  Not that crowded yet the service was extremely slow which was odd because there was almost a 1:1 ratio of staff to customers. People seated AFTER us were being served BEFORE us... and others were in the same boat as us. Saw one couple walk out after waiting too long.   Crepe was good but nothing special.  Had semisweet hot chocolate grandma style... that was delicious... very rich and thick.  Wish I had churros to dip in it.
3	My bf and I stopped here for a late night dessert and to meet up with some of my friends who were travelling to Montreal the same weekend. We arrived here around 9pm and it was still bustling. Thank goodness for outside seating cause the chocolate melters and other machinery behind the counter were heating up the shop to near suffocating degrees (And they had no AC on the night we stopped by! Poor staff). Being a huge fan of brownies and all things rich, chocolatey, and melt-in-your-mouth delicious, my bf ordered the banana brownie, which turned out super rich and super fudgy. He loved it though it took quite a while for him to work through that slice of brownie. I, on the other hand, opted for a much lighter tiramisu, which charmingly came in a jar with a lid on the side. How cute! But the tiramisu wasn't just looks. It tasted heavenly! Not the best tiramisu I've ever had but it's up there on the list of good tiramisus. This tiramisu was more cream and mousse than cake. I'm used to a more balanced approach but this was good too. It was more like eating tiramisu mousse cake. You could taste a bit of the rum but not much; The coffee flavor overpowered most of the other flavors, though everything was eventually muted by the excessive cream and mousse. I prefer my tiramisu cakes to be complex in flavor, just the right mix of coffee and rum, and the right amount of cream/mousse to bring it all together, not overwhelm the other flavors. Still this wasn't a big deal. The cake still tasted delicious! Only thing that truly bothered me was how much excess powder they sprinkled on top of the cake. My first bite was like breathing in a sand dune, and I proceeded to gag and cough and choke for the next 5 min. After which, I decided to scrape off all of the powder.But yes, overall, it's not a bad place to grab a quick sweet bite. It's just not the best desserts place I've been to.Food: 3/5 -- good but not good enough to be exceptionalService: 3/5 -- friendly, attentive, welcomingAtmosphere: 2.5/5 -- nice open, outdoors patio area but no AC and sweltering indoors; also tables were fairly dirty... spills and crumbs everywhereOverall: 3/5 -- good
2	Food good. Service excruciatingly slow. I just wanted to get out before the food was served.Plenty of open tables in the restaurants, five minutes to be seated, 10 mins for someone to come to clean the dirty table and menus and water, 15 mins wait till i had to hail someone down to take our orders. 25 mins for first food. 20 mins more for three scoops of ice cream.
5	MANDATORY VISIT!!! Omg grandma didnt make chocolate this gloriously sinful. It was overwhelming how decadent everything was. The brownie cranberries with pistaccios, mmmmmm, and the chocolate fruit smoothie oooooohhhhhhhh, and the grandma chocolate drinks, knocked us on our derriers. If u like chocolate, then this is a mandatory stop. Worth the stop and worth the calories, you may have to run a lap or two afterwards but totally worth it!!!
3	I enjoyed the concept of the place and the server was lively and entertaining. However as a venue,  it was too hot and the service was unorganized. We had the fleur de sel chocolate mousse pot and profiteroles.  The pot was unexpectedly small, and the profiteroles portion much larger. The mousse was a little runny perhaps because of the heat. The profiteroles were tasty but slightly overcooked as the shell was hard to break and a little dry. Will try the crepes or some more popular dish next time.
5	This place changed my life. I'm not a huge dessert person but I would go back to this place for every meal if I could. All of my friends absolutely loved it and would definitely recommend it to anyone going to Montreal.
1	Didn't have a chance to try it unfortunately. We waited around twenty minutes at our table and no one came to take our order but there were five servers standing around chatting at the front so we left!  Keep in mind I've worked as a server for over five years
5	Walk in and ask for a hot chocolate, Grandma's Style. Also get a macaroon (we got the maple glaze/nuts macaroon). Walk out EXTREMELY PLEASED AND SATISFIED.Seriously, the grandma's style hot chocolate is so thick and creamy and delicious, it hit the spot on a frigid night in Montreal. The people working here seemed genuinely nice too, which was great.Yum.
5	Dont even think about going to Montreal without coming to this spot, and if you already did then Im sorry you wasted a trip. I like to call myself a chocolate hoar , and as a new yorker I try my best to maximize on my chocolate affairs ;-). But I found love in Montreal, unfortunately I don't speak French and it would be tough to relocate guess I'll just keep my chocolate hoaring lifestyle until I meet Juliet again. The quality of chocolate is amazing and assortment of desserts including Crepes which is my fav. I cant say nothing else , you just have to try it.-Romeo-
