4	I love Cantina.  This is not straight-up mexican food, so if you are lloking for grease than dont go to this restaurant.  That said, the food her is great and the portions are huge.  If you go for lunch the prices are cheaper but the portions are just as large, so I recommend lunch.   Many of their dishes come in a small or large size, so you can pick how much food you want.  Lunch can be under $10, but with drinks dinner will cost $15.  I highly recommend the chicken tostada salad and the barbicoa pork.  Half price margs on Tuesdays!!
5	Forget slow, no matter what time of day, or the weather. This place is super popular.  But the servers are cheery and down to earth and just after your drinks arrive the busboy will set a fresh warm bowl of chips and cool salsa on the table.  Two salsas actually.  The red salsa (salsa roja) has punch.  You can taste an exciting splash of fresh individual flavors instead of the usual tomato-onion-lemon.  And it also comes with a spicy green salsa (salsa de tomatillo aka salsa verde) that has a great spicy kick.  We ordered the ground beef tacos and the waitress didn't flinch when I asked for things like "no onions" and "no sour cream" and they came to our table perfectly.  I like it when both the servers and the cooks pay attention.  Needless to say the tacos were impeccable.  Flavorful and fresh.  They came with a side of cilantro rice with a few beans as garnish.  I could say it was slightly overcooked, but it was a nice alternative to the usual spoonful of plain beans and rice.  They have more tequilas than your average saloon!   An impressive list of martinis, margaritas and enough tequilas for several rounds of shots without using the same tequila twice.  Just remember the old saying "One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor..." before ordering too many.At $22 for lunch and all we had were tacos and diet cokes, it was a little high, but more of a unique experience than I expected and well worth the investment.  I'll save Cantina for special occasions, especially for dinner, because I know when I go to Cantina I'll have a great time in an upscale atmosphere and there are plenty of things to try on the menu.  I  have to agree with Tony C's review, it's the Banana Republic / Club Monaco of Mexican restaurants. You won't be out of place dressing up to dine here.  But they are very consistent and this is a great date spot.
4	At least I know everything will be good (so far).  I hate eating bad Mexican food because I love it so much.  Authentic seems hard to find here, but I'll settle for consistent reminiscence of it.  The ground beef tacos and cilantro rice are great, the salsa actually is not runny, and the guac is good.  On the weekend, the chicken with mole special was pretty good though I could only make it through a few bites after all the pre-dinner snacking.  No More Chips!
4	I don't like Mexican food all that much, but I've been here twice, both times I cleaned my plate, and I plan on going back.  I have had a taco and a burrito, and both were very good--fresh, well-seasoned, and nice presentation.  The ambiance is good, and it always seems to be busy (a good sign for a restaurant).
4	Love this place!  Its nice to have a different option for Mexican food finally.
4	Came to Cantina Sunday night to satisfy my craving for some good ol' Mexican food. I was NOT disappointed. From the minute we sat down we knew it was a good decision; at 930 on a Sunday night this place still had a good crowd, which I can't say I've seen at any other restaurant around, given they are actually open on Sunday nights. I agree with pretty much everyone else's review about the prices - more than you'd probably want to spend  for dinner, but worth it all at the same time. And if you are having a hard time parting with your cash just order a patron margarita and it will suddenly, rapidly, get easier to cough up the dough. I won't repeat what's already been said, but I will second everything Jason L. says about the two kinds of salsa you are presented with when you sit down. Our server could tell we were hungry and she replenished our salsas without us even having to ask. Maybe she was just afraid we'd bite her arm off given the speed we were eating at, but either way, she knew service. I asked for the tofu & veg fajitas, and then my fiancee ordered the steak and shrimp fajitas and I couldn't take it anymore - I switched my order to the chicken & shrimp fajitas (yes, I am struggling and teetering on the line of vegetarianism and carnivorism - and I had to give in here). I was so happy when my food came out - everything looked so fresh and juicy! (note: this statement may be influenced by the fact that the only other place I've ordered a fajita from in the last 3 years was Chili's, and yech, not so good there). But anyway, the fajitas were delicious! And very filling. Save this place for a special occassion if you are worried about the prices, but definitely go!PS - visit their website and turn up the sound, and tell me you didn't shake it.
4	Why didn't I think of this idea first? An upscale Mexican restaurant that's independently owned (they own Mama Ricotta's as well). This Mexican food will come with a price, but I promise you'll be very impressed with the taste.They have some very unique Mexican dishes & you aren't going to see your ordinary Mexican menu items. They add their own flare to each dish & I'm not sure I've ever had a better enchilada dish than here. I'm not sure what sauce they use, but it sets it off. They also make the guacamole in front of you & they add a little spice to it as well. Once again, I don't think I've ever had better guacamole.Cantina's food comes with a price, but it truly is worth it. This beats the upscale Mexican chains by a long shot. You'll leave this place impressed & wondering to yourself why you didn't think of this first.
4	Cantina rocks. You wouldn't know it from the way it looks outside, but Cantina serves up awesome food and even better drinks from south of the border. It's packed on weekends--usually with a somewhat younger, louder crowd, but it's by no means a fratty place--so make a reservation in advance and prepare to wait a little once you show up, but trust me: it's worth it. Cantina has all you'd expect from a nicer Mexican restaurant, with a lot of the extras. You'll definitely want to order a top-shelf margarita--easily one of the best in Charlotte, if not the best. Try the Kiwi/Strawberry Special if you're up for a change; it's delicious. Good Mexican beers are on tap as well. Drink up. Everyone else is. As for the food, I dont know where to begin or end. The chopped tostada salad is to die for if it's lighter fare you're craving. If you want some good 'ol refriend beans and pulled chicken, you won't be disappointed. My favorite? The Kobe beef fajitas. Trust me. Order this. I'm definitely going back. What I wont do, however, is plan on having a big night afterward. The scene is fun and loud, but you're about as full and tired as you can be when the meal's over. Which is a good thing.
5	Cantina, which serves upscale Mexican food with an interesting twist, is a great place to go for a nice date. I so enjoy the chicken burrito - generously topped with a queso sauce - that I pretty much always get that.  My boyfriend really likes the Tacos Marco Polo (shrimp, bacon, and caramelized onion's in flour tortillas with pico de gallo and melted cheeses). The margaritas are awesome. I'd recommend getting a pitcher for your table. While every table gets chips and two kinds of salsa, I'd also suggest ordering the guacamole. The water mixes up the fresh avocados and other ingredients right at your table. Cantina isn't just a restaurant - it's an experience. Because it's so good, it's packed most nights. Call ahead and make a reservation or it could be a long wait.
5	Before I discovered Cantina 1511, I couldn't find any really good Mexican restaurants in Charlotte.  Sure, I'd found some that were average where you could get your basic Mexican "fixins."  But it wasn't until I dined at Cantina that I said, "Yep, that's the one!"  Cantina isn't your traditional Mexican restaurant; it's more of an upscale/gourmet Mexican restaurant, but not at all pretentious.  The atmosphere is very jovial, lively, and casual.  I have yet to have a poor experience...for lunch, dinner, or even brunch!  To start, they bring chips and two types of salsa (one red, one green, both delicious) to your table.  And if you're really daring and love it spicy, ask your server for the extra hot version!  Of course, everyone knows that by the time your main Mexican entree comes, you're already filled up on the chips and salsa; however, don't let that stop you from ordering the freshly made guacamole to go with the chips and salsa.  It's a little on the high-end pricewise, but it's well worth it.  They make the guac right at your table so you get to see all the fresh ingredients going into it.  Then once you take a bite...WOW.  You'll want to order it all the time.  It truly is the best guacamole I've ever tasted.  (Even better than the real authentic stuff in Mexico -- shhhh!)  As for the entrees, I've tried a variety of items, but I keep going back to (1) the Enchiladas de Dennis (spinach, chicken, and cheese) and (2) the taco combination platter where you can pick one, two, or three tacos.  The shrimp and tilapia tacos are out of this world.  And don't forget the drinks!  Both the mango margarita and white sangria leave me wanting more.  One of my favorite afternoons was when three of us got out of work early for the day and went to Cantina for lunch.  It was the perfect spring day:  sun shining, temperature just right, and birds chirping.  We sat outside at Cantina to enjoy the beautiful weather, drank margaritas, and had a delicious lunch.  It doesn't get any better than that!
5	I went to Cantina 1511 after noticing Eric K's recent review of this place on Yelp.I can't believe I've overlooked this place until now. I'm a fairly enthusiastic consumer of Mexican food, and Cantina 1511 is the best I've had in Charlotte. I won't waste too much space reiterating all the great things that have already been said about this place, but I'd like to touch on the highlights.The atmosphere is very nice--a little more upscale than your standard Mexican place. The service was friendly and professional--I was with a picky diner and they had no problems customizing her order. The food was obviously great, and I felt the prices were pretty good--dinner for two was about thirty bucks (without alcohol). I had the Barbacoa, and everything about it was excellent. Presentation was great, temperature was perfect, and taste was incredible. My guest had the enchiladas and was similarly satisfied.Highly recommended all around.
2	Sorry kids, after hearing many people raving about this place, my girlfriend and i finally decided that we needed our Mexican fix. We love Mexican food, but apparently we have become too accustomed to the run of the mill 'authentic' Mexican food. Not the Chipotle or Moes, but the sit-down  restaurant with menus with wet burritos and a listing of 30+ numbered dishes. i had a traditional Mexican dish, while she had  a Tex Mex burrito. Her burrito was huge, but she only eat a few bites, It just wasn't good. i had the traditional enchiladas and they were slightly more edible, however, we wouldn't go back for either dish. The beans were like a bad bean soup, the rice didn't have much taste (other than the peas mixed in), The atmosphere was great and the server was very attentive and i really wanted to like the place, but i can't say i'll be back.
4	I've actually been to the one on Rea Road, which doesn't seem to be listed on Yelp. I remember this restaurant because the food was amazing! The server was extremely helpful with what he recommended, because I ordered exactly both recommendations for the appetizer and entree. They were both great. The appetizer was the Queso Fundido I think, which looked like a small pizza. Very cheesy. The entree was Barbacoa del Puerco, which was awesome. It came with tortillas where I could wrap shredded pork with other toppings such as beans, guacamole, rice, pico de gallo, cheeses, and lettuce. YUM YUM YUM. Service was also excellent.
2	Birthday dinner with a party of 10 meant that we got to sit right in the middle of the restaurant, since we were too many for the octagon fish bowl room that's right by the hostess stand. Some of our party was straggling, so we sat and ordered our drinks.  I'd been warned that the margaritas were pricey, so I opted for the orange-raspberry sangria, since I was only drinking with dinner and then being the DD for the bar crawl afterwards.  What a disappointment.  Not only did it not taste like orange or raspberry (more like mango?) but it also didn't take anything like wine or anything alcoholic for that matter, and not in a "wow that goes down so easy because I can't taste the alcohol" kind of way.   I tried my friend's red sangria, and it was worse - it tasted off, not just bad, but as if the wine in it had gone bad.  Once the stragglers arrived, pitchers of margaritas were ordered, and I got to try one - all sour mix.  Did that thing even have tequila in it?  Seriously, for those prices, I would expect a buzz, and I did not get it.  Fortunately the tableside guacamole was delicious.  Not sure why they can charge more at these places for you to see them make it in front of you - except that does prove that they're starting with fresh avocados, which I imagine is the main source of the expense.  They got it right - good balance of salt, jalapenos, tomatoes, and onions.  Not as good as mine, but best I've had in a restaurant in a long time.  The cheese dip was not as good  - too chunky for my taste, as if all the cheese hadn't melted thoroughly enough or properly (like when you try to melt low fat cheese).  The salsas had great flavor, as did the chips, which were already salted (good for me, but bad for your blood pressure).Trying to be good, I opted for the veggie enchiladas.  Though not what I expected based on the description, they were good, and I don't even like corn, which is mostly what they tasted like to me.  There was zucchini was diced to be about the size of the corn, so really all I tasted was the corn and the sauces on top.   Both the green and the red were delicious.  The rice was blah, but the beans were quite nice.  The server did an excellent job of separating out our checks, and didn't even include the usual automatic 18% gratuity, but you could tell that we weren't her favorite table.  She kept coming back every few minutes at the beginning asking if we were ready to order when our full party hadn't arrived, even when we told her that we'd wait for them.  And the other staff was aggressively removing stuff from the table, as soon as you put your fork down or you started getting air from the bottom of your beverage.  Also, in the process of clearing the chips and salsa, the server spilled almost an entire dish on John's sleeve, and didn't even flinch!  The whole thing made the dinner feel frantic, not enjoyable.All in all, I would say go if you're craving some good guacamole and a Mexican beer, but eat before or after at somewhere where you get more value.
4	Wow, I disagree with a lot of what has been said about Cantina, I had a fabulous experience! I will admit, the great experience may have been due to the company that I was in, but I think the food and ambiance had something to do with it too :) First of all, the server let us know that their guacamole is a "community favorite," and I am sort of obsessed with this comment. I can contest that it was some damn good guac. I know that this isn't helpful at all, but past that, I really don't remember what I ate....but I do remember that it was really good....sorry! Anyhow, the server was incredibly attentive and he let us sit outside even though no one else was. Food was good, atmosphere was nice and I'd say Cantina deserves a solid four stars. I will definitely be going back the next time I'm in CLT.
4	This is a great place for something different. Its like they put it "An Evolution of Authentic Mexican Food." You can tell the owners and chefs take pride in their ingredients and cooking style. I also like the fact they support local farmers and make their own cheese and tortillas. Atmosphere is nice, can get a little packed on certain nights. The South Charlotte location is a little more "posh" and larger...but food is superb at both. Try the soft tacos...can't go wrong. Lots of choices for spirits. Only reason I did not give them 5 stars is for one simple fact. I have been going here for a while now, and everytime I leave a comment about not having fried ice cream on the dessert menu. They keep telling me it is messy for the deep fryers.....come on think of something!
4	One of my favorite places in Charlotte. I take out of town family and friends here, and everyone always has a good time. I like that they make the guac fresh at the table. The drinks are awesome. They have good happy hour deals on food. Sitting at the bar area is actually pleasant. Great patio for a nice day, fun to wear sunglasses, people watch, and watch the cars drive by and all the South Charlotte runners. Ambiance is not cheesy at all, hostesses and servers are friendly, etc. There is a weird fishbowl room for large groups that I would avoid if you come in a large group. But definitely make a reservation, you will need it-- this place gets packed! If you come on a Sunday after church the crowd is full of Uptown/Dilworth "society" families schmoozing. But that does not detract at all from how great Cantina is!
4	Great lunch specials - and the patio is perfect for Friday lunches (with or without cocktails or cervezas!)  Don't forget to order the guacamole - they make it at your table with ingredients that are SO fresh.  Atmosphere is great, service is friendly, neighborhood is cool.
4	I recently moved here from Los Angeles, so I was doubtful that I would find a mexican restaurant I would like.  I have been to Cantina 1511 three times now, and the first two times I would have given it two stars.   The third time it was so much better.  The regular margaritas are awful, but I tried a different one this time - something called a Papa something that has real juices in it instead of the artificial tasting floor cleaner-ish mix in the standard one.  Really good, actually. The tableside-prepared guacamole, which had been the highlight of my last trip, was again really good, and we got it with whole wheat tortillas in place of the chips to make it a little healthier.  My husband's carne asada tacos were pretty bad - they had some sickly-sweet sherry flavoring to them, but I had the fish of the day which was mahi mahi and it was really well prepared.  It was served with corn cut right from the cob and mixed with tomatoes.  Drinks took about twenty minutes to arrive, but our server was very apologetic about the situation going on at the bar.  I am glad we gave it another shot.  Also will go back for half priced bottles of wine on wednesdays!
4	This is a good place for a dinner date.  Cantina 1511 boasts a great atmosphere, eye-catching decor, and romantic lighting.  The menu is split into two sections: authentic Mexican dishes on one side and the Americanized entrees we're all used to on the other.  Their specialty is handmade guacamole made tableside with a mortar and pestle.  I usually avoid guacamole like the plague (mostly because of the appearance, if I'm honest) but I gotta admit, this stuff was very tasty!  If you're looking for a unique Mexican dining experience, give Cantina 1511 a visit!
4	Amazing food!  A little on the pricey side though for mexican!  Their fish tacos are amazing!
4	I gave this place 4 start for their guacamole alone.  they make it to order at your table - Delicious!  The place is usually busy for lunch or dinner. The food is the americanized mexican but has some things  you would not expect.  Overall the food is prepared very well.  I have had the filet mignon tacos, grilled pork loin, tacos and burritos.  The place has a great bar and serves up some nice drinks.  It is a good place to meet friends and I have been with several large parties and the services has been spot on.
5	This has become my favorite Mexican restaurant. I feel like they understand what Mexican food is from all the different parts of Mexico. It's not just Tex-Mex but it has mixes of Baja flavors as well.The staff was awesome and it was an enjoyable evening!! Can't wait to go there once again.UPDATE: 1/23/2010 - My Partner and I went there last night for our 10 year anniversary. The staff was just as warm and as engaging as ever. Well, we spent a lot of money at the bar, just the two of us, and then bought a nice bottle of wine. We had an awesome dinner and the staff went out of their way to make sure that we had the perfect table & evening of our lives. THIS IS THE BEST RESTAURANT IN CHARLOTTE, NC!! YOU MUST TRY THEM NOW AND TELL THEM Jake and Barrie sent ya!! Ask for Heather!
2	Meal:  (1) Carnitas Johnny taco on soft white corn tortilla(1) Tacos al pastor on soft white corn tortillaCharro beansMexican vegetable rice(2) Top shelf margaritasTortilla chips with red and green salsasThe charro beans and vegetable rice were so salty there were not edible.  You can get better carnitas at any regular Mexican restaurant with authentic dishes.  The al pastor taco was the best dish I had, and I would recommend that if you visit.  The margaritas were large and properly balanced and worth the $10.  Chips and salsa were solid.Decor / Ambiance: fairly typical colorful Mexican restaurant dining room with a more upscale bar/lounge area with leather chairs, dark wood tables, etc.  The "private" group dining room surrounded by glass walls at entrance was oddly situated.  Service:Waitress was probably a B+, except when I asked for the Mexico City street-style corn, the she said "they were out the last time she checked a couple of days ago."  OK....Overall:Cantina 1511 undoubtedly has great local press along with positive Yelp reviews and a very promising menu.  Unfortunately, the food quality was just not there.  Overall, Cantina 1511 feels like a chain version of an "authentic" Mexican restaurant.
4	Great Mexican food in Charlotte.  You have the choice of traditional mexican or tex-mex.
5	You know what, giving this restaurant 5 stars says a lot coming from me (like I'm some sort of food critic). But seriously, everything from the restaurant atmosphere to the prepared-in-front-of-you guacamole, I was in love. Oh and did I mention when we first sat down we were told there were $4 Margaritas & Mojitos....and our very attentive waiter kept em coming....SOLD!Did I mention that they make the guacamole fresh at your table and they'll add more/less spice as you prefer...SOLD!Did I mention that the salsas (both the regular tomato and the lime salsa, OMG) and the chips were fresh and I couldn't get enough....SOLD!All I have left to say is Shrimp Tacos....I need a damn cigarette now I don't even smoke...EXHALE!And I'm no local, so don't worry about me "juicing up" these Charlotte restaurants...as you'll see in another review ;-)
4	Good Mexican food, Good Margaritas! Popular though, so you usually have to wait.  Save room for the tres leches cake!They do table side guacamole prep too... and Ritas by the pitcher, if I remember right...I really also liked the Marco Pollo tacos, but as Carmen knows, you cannot order only TWO! They come in threes! :)
5	Cantina is authentic Mexican food.  It is awesome.  I have been to Central Mexico for cooking classes.  Mexican food is highly complex.  Cantina captures that, which is much different from the typical places that are just stuffing seasoned been into a tortilla on a scalding hot plate.  The guacamole is amazing.  I have no idea how this place has received some of these reviews.
5	Although I have only lived in Charlotte for 5 months, I have visited Cantina 1511 three times. I was initally drawn in by the promise of half priced pitchers of margaritas but the food was so incredible and the service so nice that I have returned twice just to keep sampling the vast menu. This past week I met up with two girlfriends for some great food and a little chitchat. The chips and two kinds of salsa that appear on the table could almost sustain me for the evening but I knew there were entrees calling my name. I have celiac disease so I need to avoid gluten and sometimes that can be a problem when I eat out. However, when I asked the server to point me toward menu items made with corn tortillas she immediately asked, do you not eat gluten? I was impressed. She showed me what items are n ormally made with corn tortillas but then told me that I could order any quesadilla with corn instead of flour tortillas and said she would check with the kitchen for anything else I might be interested in. How nice!I ended up splitting the Enchiladas de Dennis with my friend. The waitress said they were one of the most popular menu items. They were so delicious. Corn tortillas stuffed with chicken and spinach and cheeses. Yummy! We all enjoyed dinner and I cannot wait to go back and try something else.
3	Cantina is a great place to go drink during the day.  You know when you are trying to decide where can you go and sit outside on a beautiful day, this is that place, however, sometimes service and margaritas can be spotty.Their chips tonight were better than usual they were lighter than my last visit, big improvment, very crispalicious. Our server was slack.  Anybody that says they don't like a snooty waiter, I always say, I would rather have an efficient surly waiter anyday than a nice slack ass.  It was the typical horror story of slow on giving the menus, slow on taking the orders, not giving us flatware, having to ask the food runner for flatware. I gave her cash as soon as she came around because I knew getting the check was going to take some time. About the margaritas, one day, there was fresh squeezed juice on the bar and the bartender made a margarita with it, I have been back a couple of times to get that same margarita, but what I get is a simple syrup almost clear margarita.  Not the same juice mixture of that day.  I am not completly going to write off Cantina, I like their food, I am going to restrict my hours of going there from 11a-5p.  I will find that margarita again.  About the food, I always get the same thing, one Al Pastor taco with rice and beans.
4	This was a delicious choice for dinner last night.  Based on recommendations from other Yelpers, we ordered the fresh made guacamole (which was delicious!  Maybe it's the poblano peppers?) and the "hot" salsa (which we didn't find very hot).  Our server was very friendly and when we mentioned it was our first visit, she walked us through the menu and made some great recommendations based on what we were in the mood for.  We weren't prepared for the half price pitchers on Mondays, but I did have a very tasty frozen margarita.We ordered things from the "Authentic" side of the menu and were not disappointed. The Camarones Mojo y Ajo had a delicious unique flavor.  The Enchiladas Sulzas were very tasty, and the side of beans are AWESOME.  We also each enjoyed a taco on the side - I recommend avoiding the crispy shell (with so much stuffing it broke fairly quickly) but the Carne Asada and Carnitas Johnny tacos both were delicious.We had enough food to feel super full (even though their desserts sound tasty too!) and I have some leftovers, too.  It was a bit pricier than we're used to paying for Mexican food which may prevent us from going all the time, but we'll definately be back!
5	Amazing! Get the Pollo Laredo -I get it every time and everyone at the table always wishes they went for it! Excellent restaurant!
3	I hate to come off as a prude and I apologize in advance, but I too am very critical of mexican food. Cantina 1511 is much more about ambiance and being seen/seeing people. Its a trendy resturant but that isn't necessarily a bad thing. Service here is good and they have a multitude of drink selections, sangrias, margaritas etc.On my last dinner visit I had the special, chicken enchilada suizas. It was not very good. The sauce was a watered down green mole and the enchiladas were not cooked to a perfection. They weren't buttery flaky and didn't melt under my fork. The chicken was bland, it just tasted boiled. I can say that Azteca has a better version of enchilada suizas.Not a deal breaker, as I do like this place. Next time I'll just have to try a different dish. Great chips and salsa though and after work drinking here is a must!!!
4	Love this place! The queso is pure cheesy deliciousness, the barbacoa pork is incredibly juicy, and the sweet tea is a definite 10! Bejng from the west coast I was dying to try some Carolina BBQ and definitely have nothing but positive things to say about this place. The decor is also charming and service great.
4	I love Cantina 1511! Complimentary Chips and Salsa: Wish the chips were less hard and more light and crispy. But they give you a generous portion of chips and salsa and the salsa is good.Guacamole: Was everything I expected and more! The habanero peppers gave it a great kick, was impressed. Awesome.Tacos: YUM. I couldn't decide which I liked better between the Asada, Chipotle Ancho Chicken, and Pulled Pork. Asada steak and pulled pork were definitely in the top. I was a bit skeptical of the pork and pineapple combo, but they know what they're doing here at the Cantina.Barbacoa Entree: It was really good, although a little dry. I didn't notice much of the dryness because it came with a heaping portion of avocado and the beans and rice were addictive. Top that baby off with a sprinkle of the cheese and that explains why I feel super preggers right now. It was worth it... delish.Nutella Pie: For $5.95 this is not bad because the portion is huge, but I wasn't really a fan. It was covered in more chocolate and caramel sauce than I cared for; I guess there is such thing as too much of a good thing. Also, it was a little too mushy. Overall this was a great experience and the food was good - the server filled up the water quick, came to check on us frequently, and was glad to split our bill. Plus, the damage was a mere $42 between 2 people for the 3 tacos, guac, Barbacoa, and pie!
1	This was the saltiest food I've ever had.  The location was trendy but couldn't save it from the horrible food.  This is a must-miss.  Taco Bell is more authentic.
4	We showed up about 10 minutes to closing and they still seated us and did not give us any problems.  The only problem is we had to order our drinks right away for last call.We did get the guac made at the table.  It was good, but didn't have cilantro.  But it had a bit of spice which made it delicious.  Chips and salsa come with the table.We actually ended up getting an assortment of plates and apps family style between four of us.  It worked out pretty well.  Their house fundido was amazing.  I don't even remember what was in it, but it was a great mix.  Got a couple of tacos and a quesadilla as well.  All in all, the food was tasty. The place has a bit of a classy feel, but not like you have to dress up.  It's a nice decor with good lighting.
5	Holy "Made fresh at your table" Guacamole!!!  My heart skips a beat just thinking about it.  Tex-Mex fine dining... at it's finest.Also an important note:  One of my top five places to drink a house margarita.
4	Viva Mexico! Mmmm Cantina - your guacamole never ceases to amaze me. This is a convenient place I frequent whether I need a big, tasty margarita and a few delicious appetizers or when I require a full blown Mexican fiesta.Some of my favorites include the incredible table side guacamole - that you can request as spicy as you like, the "street" tacos - the pulled pork with pineapple and the fried shrimp are amazing, the Mexican chopped salad - which also comes in a smaller (more manageable) lunch sized portion and, of course, the tres leches cake.Cantina definitely has a hold on modern Mexican cuisine - just make sure you make reservations or get there early enough to score a table. It gets especially busy on Thurs - Sat evenings. Hubs and I routinely grab a table in the bar area to avoid the wait. They also have a great patio that looks on to East Blvd.Great food, great service - I'm a big fan of Cantina!Oh and be careful where you park - while Cantina does have quite a sizeable parking lot, make sure you read any signage posted - the neighboring stores/tenants will tow you if your in the wrong spot at the wrong time!
5	I am very glad I do not live in the Dilworth area because I would be in Cantina 1511 nearly every afternoon. It is common knowledge amongst my closest friends and family that I hold a dear place in my heart for Mexican cuisine. I feel it is often underrated and under appreciated so I am a bit biased but I truly believe Cantina 1511 is one of the most delicious restaurants I have ever been. Whether going for a birthday dinner or after a long day at work, Cantina hits the spot. They have delicious drinks, my favorite is the mojito, at great prices. The appetizers are amazing. I prefer the queso with jalapeno bacon. The menu suits all tastes and is divided into "authentic" and "tex-mex".  Literally everything on the menu is delicious but I would suggest sticking to the "authentic" side for something a little different. My only word of caution is to either make a reservation or go prepared to wait because there is ALWAYS a wait!
5	OK so I love Mexican Food.  And for years I thought I knew Mexican food from the Tex Mex restaurants that most of us are familiar with.  But then I got a taste of authentic Mexican cuisine when visiting Mexico and in the homes of several Mexican friends and Tex Mex was never so good again.  THEN I wandered into Cantina 1511 and it was yet a whole new experience.  All the flavor that I had come to expect from authentic Mexican food and NONE of the bland, greasy, heavy taste from my Tex Mex days.  But Cantina 1511 takes Mexican food and gives it a flavorful and fanciful twist.  The food at Cantina is fantastic and the atmosphere makes it all the better.  You can choose from dining indoors, to a semi-outdoor sunroom to dining on an outdoor patio.  I love their tacos especially!
3	Good but not great.  I like the tacos, specifically the pastor and asada on white corn.  And the queso and guac are great.  I can't find anything else on the menu that is particularly good after so many visits.  I've tried the new things they have added but they just taste cheesy, not authentic.  I know they can do better...
4	Always busy, this East Boulevard restaurant has great food. Best thing on the menu- Barbacoa! Order it as an entree, or in tacos. They have a top shelf /handcrafted margarita menu that produces outstanding drinks. Table-side Guacamole is the best in town! Perfect spot to meet friends and enjoy some terrific food. And, if you need it, they have a kids menu.Also, th eparking lot is fairly small, but valet parking is usually available at the front door.
4	Chef Frank Scibelli, chef and co-cowner of Cantina 1511  knows authenticity. The ingredients used here are local, fresh, and of the highest caliber. In fact, they come from his very own garden. I love the traditional dishes- the chips are tasty and never-ending and the guacamole is magical. All portions are very generous. Even better, I do not feel guilty about eating at a restaurant that is conscientious of where its food comes from. The red meat is farm raised (/grazed) and there is even a gluten-free menu. Frank Scibelli really cares about executing authentic cuisine to people who care about more than fine dining, but also consumption.  (Scibelli also owns and is chef at Mama Ricotta's).Dinner with drinks may run about thirty+ a head.  I have eaten on the patio and found the dining area to be a little darker than I'd like, but the music was nice. .I avoid the Cantina on the weekends as parking is can be pain when the restaurant is busy. They offer free valet.
2	06/21/10I don't mind dining at a chain, as long as I (and others who may have joined me) leave feeling terrific about the experience.  Our party of four (three adults and a child) decided we'd try this place out, partly bec. of the glowing write-up it received in Charlotte magazine.  I was also excited about trying Mexican French toast, as written about in Charlotte magazine's "Top 50 Breakfasts!"  As we entered the resto, we immediately noticed the comely decor of a typical modern Tex-Mex venue, and as we sat down, I especially noted that the music was very loud.  (If you'd like to experience this yourself, first take care to find a nice quiet spot- enjoy the silence for a few seconds, if you'd like- before you turn your speaker volume to full-blast, then head over to Cantina 1511's website.  I dare you to let this go on for another 90 minutes.  I DARE YOU!)  As our server delivered our drink orders, (sis and I also asked for the margarita special of the day, which was made w/ Heradura tequila), our server asked if we needed more time, to which I replied, "I already know I'm having the Mexican toast," after which the others said they needed more time.  After the others had a few more minutes to look at the menu while listening to the loud background music, our server returned and took our orders- shrimp torta for Mom, steak fajitas for sis, and the French toast for me.  No French toast, except for Sunday brunch you say?  Well, I'll have the crab and avocado quesadilla, minus the avocado, then.  (And why the heck did you not mention this when I stated my intention before?  Oh, yeah.  I forgot.  Maybe bec. you couldn't HEAR ME due to the crappy music that blared above us!!)After a few minutes of trying to bat away a persistent fly, our chips and salsas arrived.  I took this time to ask the food presenter (not the server) to request if it was at all possible to lower the music's volume.  (Hey, it can't hurt to ask, right?)  The answer we received is that more than likely our request won't be granted, "due to keeping up w/ the atmosphere, and all."  OK, well, would you please get rid of this pesty fly, then?"  "Haha, sorry, but no."  Looking back, we should've just stood up and left...While I can't speak for the app myself due to a corn allergy, the general concensus was that it was A-OK.  The margarita, which sis at first turned her nose up to, was not bad after I stirred the beverage stick around a few times, which allowed the Heradura tequila and fresh juices to mix.  I'd asked if the drink could be made frozen, for future reference, but no.  (See a pattern here?)  As the tequila began to work its magic, sis noted that the music volume had come down a little.  Ole!  (However, the volume went back to its original strength a few minutes later.  Que mal!)To make a "mucho terrible" story short, the food, w/ the exception of the fajitas and margarita, left us w/ much to desire.  Mom's shrimp torta was "just another shrimp sandwich."  "But what about the bolillo?," I asked.  "Nothing special."  And this from a woman who LOVES the bolillos from our neighborhood grocery store!  Too bad, bec. the pics looked good, don't you agree?  (This seems like the case w/ the cuatro leches cake, as well, but I am getting ahead of myself.)  Nephew didn't even finish his taco, nor the fries (and how he loves fries!), and my crab quesadilla dish was just three charred triangles filled w/ too much cheese and lumps of crab here and there.  Despite my trimming off some of the cheese, I didn't even finish two!  We all pretty much concentrated on the steak fajitas, which, despite the fatty content of the meat, turned out pretty good.  (And thank goodness it did, for this pretty dish went for a pretty penny... 1600 pennies, to be exact!)  Hoping to end the meal w/ a postre (Spanish for dessert), I chose the Cuatro Leches cake, which promised four types of milk in the form of white chocolate meringue, dulce de leche crema (condensed and evaporated milks plus sugar) and the fourth?  I think there may have been white chocolate chunks, but don't quote me on it.  Two words: too sweet!  Take away the meringue topping, it's OK.  Nada especial!  Mom and sis didn't care for more than a bite, and bec. I didn't really have much to eat, I finished the dish anyway.  If you're going to try your luck w/ this dolce- skip the canned peach slices and ask for more stawberries!Or, better yet, just pass on Cantina 1511 and look elsewhere.  Not only did I end up spending $70 on a lackluster meal, but I was in a foul mood for the rest of the day due to the blaring music, not to mention the disappointment in not having the Mexican toast (French toast w/ sweetened cream sauce).  Nowhere was it mentioned in the Charlotte magazine article, nor Cantina 1511's menu, that this selection is only available on Sundays.  Cantina 1511 is no bueno!
4	When I think of fun Mexican in Charlotte, I think of Cantina 1511. While I'm a frequent visitor of the location in Dilworth, the location off Rea Road is just as good, though the ambiance is better in Dilworth. Margaritas are good and they usually always have Corona on special. Outside patio is fun too, especially for lunch on a nice day. The lunch specials are affordable and plentiful. For dinner, I'm a table side guac guy and a barbacoa fan. The barbacoa fills me up for only $12. Traditional food and some specialty fare allows for many choices. I do break out sometimes a go for the Enchiladas Dennis or the Carne Asada Quesadillas. Great for groups of friends or families. I've celebrated many of friends birthdays here. Great food and not too expensive for everyone.
5	By far one of the BEST Mexican hot spots in the Carolina's!! The Margarita's are fabulous, and the table side guacamole has the kind of flavor that is a "close your eyes while you eat good"!!We love their taco's especially...and always have to have the chipotle ranch.If I listed all the dishes that are our favorites... I may end up listing the majority of the menu. We are not big fans of the dessert selections, but because our meal is so great...we are normally too full to go there anyhow (dessert)For lunch I really enjoy the "chopped salad"...and talk about great Mexican style  c o r n....roll it a little in the chipotle ranch and you will be in flavor heaven!!We eat Cantina 3-4 times a month....I would love to suggest frequent patron card..so those of us that are regulars could get a free appetizer every once in a while!! :+)I do not know Frank (the owner) personally....but what I do know is that he has great restaurants in Charlotte.... Mama Ricotta'sBig Daddy's BurgerCantina 1511 ...and soon to add a Taco spot somewhere near South Park Mall.
3	I go back and forth with Cantina.  Sometimes I go and its great all around, food, service, etc.  Other times the service is laughable and food stinks.  Or just one is off.  I was craving a margarita (not an alcoholic I swear!!)  So before dinner plans at Good Food my friend and I said we'd meet here.I got there first and walked into the bar area where the couches are.  There was someone cutting fruit and he didn't look up so I asked if I could order a drink from him.  Sure no problem.  So he makes my drink and tells me its $7 and change but I ask to start a tab.  Then my friend called and asked me to order him one, so I went back to the bar and there was a woman there now too.  She apologized and said she'd get me some chips.  She brought the drink to the table and again mentioned the chips and I told her its fine I'm not in a rush.When the chips came they were fresh and salty and warm, all good things!  The salsa however was unbearably salty and really think, like paste not watery like it usually is.  We had to take it off the table because I kept absentmindedly sticking chips in it and then recoiling from the salt overload.  We told the new server when she came by and she was just like "oh really?"  After another round we closed out to meet my sister for dinner.  Check was $30 for 4 house margaritas.  Is it just me or does that seem pricey?  I'm not usually one to scoff at the price of drinks but that just seemed highish.
4	Is it the BEST Mexican spot out there?  Probably not, but it is VERY good!You have to get an order of guacamole- its pretty darn good.All the dishes are great, again, never had a bad meal here.Very busy at night, but don't let it stop you; its in a great neighborhood to explore for a bit if you have to!Good Chips n' SalsaDescent size bar- but can be very crowded.Parking can be tight too- all depends on when you go.The neighborhood is Dilworth
2	Haven't been in years and was disappointed this time around. I think the menu has changed and not for the better. I usually like a seafood taco but choices were limited and everything seem to include jalapeno bacon. I ended up with ancho chicken which was to include avocado slices and it did not.When I asked my waitress about it she said no it did not include avocado. I guess I should have asked for the menu and pointed it out that it is listed. Anyway the chicken was bad with a strange ortega taco seasoning tast. My friend had the traditional enchilades and she said they were not bad but nothing to write home about. I am sticking with Azteca on Independence.
3	Dinner last night with 10 people.  The food was good even though they screwed the order up.  A little bit pricey but the serving was generous.  The chips and salsa were great.  The atmosphere was laid back.  I'll go back.
4	Not so much tex-mex as it is authentic regional Mexican cuisine, Cantina is a welcome treat in Charlotte.  Coming from California where traditional Mexican is common and delicious, I was a little disappointed in Mexican fare here - until I found Cantina 1511.  I'll definitely be back!
4	Last night a group of friends and I decided to head to Cantina to get our mexican fix.  I love the atmosphere of the place, you have the choice to sit inside or out...great music playing throughout...dim lighting, candles lit...I think this would make for a perfect first or second date night dinner :)  I had the chicken fajitas and they were wonderful - so much food that I couldn't finish it all!  The salsas were great, the guacamole was excellent, and the service was pretty good overall.  We all had a round or two of margaritas - they were ok, not mind blowing, and I thought they were rather weak (especially for 12 bucks a pop!).  If the drinks were better, I would've bumped this to a 5 star rating.  All of my friends that were with me seemed to really enjoy their food, for 3 of them it was the first time going - and they all said they would go back.  Overall, another great experience at Cantina, I'll just steer clear of the margaritas next time!
5	Barbacoa is Fantastic!cevichie/ cheese dip are wonderful!Everything I have tried is excellent!
4	Group fun at Cantina.... OH YEA... we got the fish bowl room!  Just be careful you don't run into the awkwardly placed glass partition.  Dinner was wicked good!  I had the veggie something or nother... Tasted fried, so I'm good!  Everyone at the table (8 or us) was pleased with everything that they ordered.  The waitress was very attentive even though our group seemed to have overwhelmed her a wee bit!  I do like this place a good bit, so if you're looking for a great lil mexican restaurant then definitely check it out.  I've never heard of anyone having a bad experience there!  Check out the Dragonberry cocktail!  It's spectacular!    Make reservations, they book up quick!
4	I visited Cantina 1511 for a Saturday lunch and ordered the enchiladas de Dennis.  Although the flavor was warm and inviting it did not wow the palate.  The food seems to be very 'visitor friendly'.  It is as one would expect for TexMex, not a traditional enchilada but also not bold or daring in its ingredient selection or spices.  Service was adequate as it was not very busy around 1 PM on a Saturday. We were seated in the front of the restaurant closest to the road.  I'm not sure if the guys at the table next to us just had large lungs with voices that carried or if the room could have used some sound barriers because I could hear their conversation better than our own!
5	I decided to try out Cantina 1511 primarily because it got good reviews and was listed as one of the best Mexican restaurants in Charlotte.  I was prepared not to like this place because it seemed to be to hip and trendy for me.  I don't really care what a place looks like as long as it is clean, well maintained and serves good food.  I went to Cantina 1511 on a Saturday for lunch.  It was a cold, rainy day but the parking lot was pretty full.  Since I was by myself the hostess asked if I wanted to sit in the bar area and that was fine with me.  They had high top tables and leather couches to sit on.  I grabbed a seat on one of the couches as it was near the TV and I could watch some football while I ate.  I thought the couch might be a problem when it came to eating, but it really wasn't an issue.  The waitress came over shortly after I was seated, dropped off a menu and took my drink order.  I order a Dos Equis Amber, which I recently discovered is an outstanding beer.  She gave a few moments while she got my beer and some chips & salsa.  The menu is pretty simple with traditional & tex-mex version of the standard Mexican fare.  I ordered three tacos from the traditional menu, al pastor, carnitas Johnny, and carne asada.  I sipped my beer and watched the game.  My food came out pretty fast.  The presentation was very nice and the portions size was good.  I tried the carne asada taco first.  It was delicious.  The flavor of the steak was excellent and it was very juicy.  I really couldn't tell you what other garnish was on the taco, because I was concentrating on the flavor of the meat.  I'm pretty sure there was some sauteed onion and peppers which complimented the meat well.  Next I tried the carnintas taco.  It was also delicious.  The flavor of the pork was great and it was very juicy.  Last was the taco al pastor.  Slow cooked pork with shredded cabbage, roasted pineapple, habanero crema and fresh cilantro.  I thought the combination of the pork and pineapple would be interesting and it was.  This taco was good, but didn't quite do it for me.  I'd probably double up on the carne asada or carnitas next time.  The plate came with tortilla slaw, vegetable rice and beans.  The sides were all pretty good and a nice compliment to the meal.  To me Cantina 1511 seems to be a hip, trendy place, but I'm a middle aged fat guy. I was very skeptical and prepared to not like it, but Cantina 1511 serves some very good food.  The service was excellent and the prices were very reasonable.  I learned my lesson here, don't judge a restaurant by it's trendiness, judge it by the food it serves.  And for Cantina 1511 it serves some very tasty food.
2	I just made my second trip to 1511 and I will choose somewhere else next time.  I have been eating at Mama Ricotta's for 15+ years, and have eaten at Big Daddy's a couple of times--I enjoy both of the sister restaurants so I do not know what the problem is with this restaurant.On our first trip I wanted to start with the guacamole that I read so much about on Yelp.  We ordered it, and just when we were starting to think that the service was really slow--it was a packed Saturday night--our entrees came out.  When the manager that brought our food ask if we had everything we needed I told him we never got our appetizer, so please cancel that order.  He apologized and offered to bring it out now, but we declined since our dinner was there.  They did give us a coupon for a free guacamole which I thought took care of the situation.  Another manager came by and apologized, as did our waitress who we saw less of than the waitstaff at all the tables around us.  The food was pretty good, so I knew we would try it again.Trip two.  We got there early this time, well before the crowd, and ordered the guacamole (forgot the darn coupon!) and a beer to start, while we looked at the menu.  My beer came out, we ordered entrees, the guac came out and before we could enjoy 3-4 chips our entrees hit the table.  They seem determined that I will not get to enjoy any guacamole.  Well equally determined, I slid my dinner aside and dug into the chips.  Truthfully, it was wasted effort.  It really wasn't that good.  There was very little flavor.  Unless they snuck it in while I wasn't looking there was no garlic, no salt, and no pepper added.  I doctored it at the table, but I have had better pre-made from the grocery store and that isn't $9.00.I usually choose a local place over a chain when possible, and I really wanted to enjoy 1511 but the entrees are nothing special and the service did not meet my expectations.  The prices were higher than say "On the Border" and while I never felt like a sombrero-wearing group would start singing happy birthday to the table next to us, that was hardly enough to bring me back. Adios Cantina 1511.
3	I've put off reviewing Cantina 1511 for a while. It's one of those upscale Mexican places where a plate of tacos can put you back $20, and I'm just not sure it's worth it. Yes, the tableside guacamole is good, as it always is, but is it any better than what I make at home? If you try to go whenever people like to go out for dinner, there can be a wait and valet parking, which is always a pain. So, I guess what I'm saying is, it's good, but it's not as good as it thinks it is.But you know when I love going to Cantina? When I've got a hungry crowd to feed. The family style option is a fun way to experience a lot of different things on the menu for not a ton of cash.PS Get the barbacoa. You're welcome.
5	Hand's down my favorite "Mexican" restaurant in Charlotte...but be sure to make a reservation as it is always crazy packed.The guacamole is a must-have, as well as the sangria or one of the multiple flavors of margaritas. I've tried quite a few items on the menu (chopped salad, tortilla soup, enchiladas, quesadillas, tacos, and fajitas) and all are out of this world (multiple vegetarian options are also available). As I said, we frequent this restaurant.Cantina has great happy hour specials if you're sitting at the bar between 4-7pm during the week. And the patio is a good place to hang out with friends in the spring/fall. The servers are always friendly and on top of their sections. Only downside is that you have to be careful where you park. They're sticklers for towing where signs are posted - highly recommend you use the valet.And before you leave, be sure to get the Tres Leches cake. You won't regret it.
3	The chips were delivered quickly and were light, crispy and warm, the guacamole made table side was awesome - fresh (of course) and very spicy! We each had a margarita on the rocks, one Corona and we split the steak fajitas - total bill $58 with tip - not bad but I would have expected a little less splitting an entree. oh well. The atmosphere was fun - got lucky with the leftover snow and ice outside b/c we were seated without having to wait even though the restaurant was mostly full. Service was excellent. Good casual date spot. My only gripe was that the fajitas needed a little more meat in addition to the ample amount of veggies - otherwise Cantina would have gotten 4 stars.
4	Hands down the best Mexican food in Charlotte.  Service was great everything.  Try the Guacamole it is to die for. You may want to make a reservation this place packs in the people..
5	I LOVE CANTINA 1511. I could shout it from the hilltops, like Julie Andrews in the Sound of Music. Seriously, folks do-re-mi favorite restaurant in Charlotte, hands down.The decor is Mexi-sexy, with low lighting, booths and tables both, and a great outdoor patio. The bar area is small, but cozy and always well stocked with local and imported beers.The service = outstanding. Over the years I've been going, I have never had anything less than stellar service. I am one who is a stickler for good service (great food can be made OK when the waiter is a jerk), and this place gets 6 stars in that department.Foodwise, I've never had anything that didn't make me say "Oh my god, try this!" to whoever my lucky date was. A good mix of texmex and authentic, I oftentimes get the 3 tacos with rice and beans. Now I am not ussually a taco person, but their taco options make it near impossible to resist: a chicken taco with pineapple salsa, taco al pastor with pork and greenchiles/habeneros salsa, a vegetarian hard taco smothered in red sauce with a medely of perfectly cooked vegetables inside that makes you wonder why you ever need to eat meat again, and a carne asada taco with onions that is so good you want to high five a cow. Other hits include the pork entree (slow cooked in spices, falls off the bone, right into my mouth, mmmm), salmon (best salmon of MY LIFE), and the Nutella pie dessert. That dessert.... just try it. It will be one of the best decisions of your life besides having sex, getting married, having kids and buying that winning lotterry ticket. Can you tell I love this place? If you're looking to go out with friends, a date, your mom or your parole officier, look no further. Cantina has something for everyone, with unmatched quality and superior service.
5	Oh, Cantina 1511, how you bring out the Mexican fiesta in me!  I've just had wonderful dining experiences here and I would highly recommend it for a few venues:1) girls or boys night out2) laidback, but not too casual first date3) celebration evening (i.e. birthday, anniversary)Quick and dirty review:1) Excellent, tasty food.  You must get the guacamole.  The waiter will make it right at your table with fresh, whole ingredients.2) Service was outstanding.  Waiter was attentive, but sure not to rush us (even during restuarant week when the wait was over an hour).3) Prices won't kill your wallet.  You're likely to even leave with leftovers.  Gotta love 2 meals for 1.  4) Drinks are very yummy.5) Atmosphere is casual yet not too informal.My only complaint is that during busy hours parking is very scarce.  Although, if you have a few bucks you can vallet!  Muy bueno, Cantina!
3	Gotta hate on a place that pays for top-o-the-listing spots in our revered database, no? (Check the Three Amigo's pagina, if you no te creo).I want to. Bad. But I can't, because the food - dressed up, calmed down - is good. Not stellar, not blow-your-tastebuds-out-your-nose amazing, but good. And that's Numero Uno when it comes to restaurant going, at least for this sometimes-angry belly.I'm sitting there with TRP stuffing gringo-red salsa down my throat (seriously with the tomato paste people? srsly?) and giving the green stuff the skeptic-eye when we get our 1511 Queso - no bacon, but all pineapple-and-onion covered - and damn if I didn't eat 1/3 of this all by myself. Cheez Whip via Mexico City with soft tortillas (as a dipping implement, new to me) and a side of jalapenos. It was sick nasty good, in that secretly-I-eat-Easy-Cheez-outta-the-can way that we do so well in CLT.It's true there's only two things a veg can eat here, and I went, mehly, with the Taquito - and, once again, decent, deeply flavored, nice texture, plated haphazardly but well. Diff beans than Ms T's, white rice, no guessing at what animal stock you're pretending not to swill. Dug the idea of Family-Style Taco Consumption. I'd never seen that.Would I go back? To stand in line for an hour on a Fri, hell no. But for 7 dolla lunch? You bet.
4	I had been craving guacamole for about a week and me and my sister decided on Cantina to help me sate that craving.  we got there around 7 and it was pretty busy, but I had made a reservation before we left the house.  They have $10 off pitchers of any margaritas on Thursday's, so we got the house and my guac to start.Pitcher was huge!!  I really wasn't expecting it to be so big and with just the 2 of us it was too much.  We were both so full from liquids that I barely ate dinner, which was the barbacoa.  Guac was pretty good, maybe too much lime juice though.  Barbacoa was good, never had it before but it did seem a bit dry to me, still tasty though.  Sister got garlic shrimp, tasted like scampi but they were yummy.  Dessert was quatros leches, good but they put a meringue top on it and it was not needed and we scraped it off.Our server was great and made sure our water was never empty and we had plenty of chips.  Only thing that was annoying, and is totally my fault, I had a Citi Pass coupon and didn't realize till the next day so we could have gotten 1 entree freeish.  Oh well my fault for never remembering to check that book!!
4	I am NOT an expert on Mexican food but here is what I love about this Cantina:  really homey dining area (with a pope table for parties!!), great deck to enjoy your food while overlooking East Blvd, fantastic quac and great portion sizes.The quacamole here is second only to Loco Lime.  Always fresh and plentiful.  They make it right at your table and to fit your palate.  Excellent accompaniment to a Dos Equis lager.I have had the steak fajitas, soft shell tacos, chopped salad...all excellent and reasonably priced!  The valet is the best option for parking since it gets jammed there on summer nights.  Love you Cantina!  :-D
5	Hands down, top 5 fave restaurants in Charlotte. I go at least once a week.
5	Great enchiladas and awesome dessert selection! I have a sweet tooth and it's always satisfied by the nutella pie! I like both locations one of my favorites!
3	Just OKThey make the guac at your table which is a nice touch.but in general the food is mediocre.outdoor seating has a nice view of East Blvd. Good people watching.Avoid the 1 table surrounded by glass walls aka "the fish bowl"
3	Hit and miss! Been a few times now because my friends rave about this place but each time we've left a little disappointed. Good guacamole and margaritas but entrees not great, authentic mexican menu is good but the quality has been hit and miss every time, burnt taco's, too much american cheese, long waits etc.We will try it again but with lower expectations on the way in.
3	I can't believe I never reviewed this place I've been sooo many times!! It's kinda annoying how hit or miss this place is though. I want to like this place but they make it difficult with the mediocre food and sometimes mind boggling service!I have had some good experiences with the food the last time I was there I had the Garlic Shrimp which was great a big portion and the Scampi Flavored dish was exactly what I was looking for!! I used to really enjoy the cuatro Leches but the last time they threw a Marshmallow Marenique on top and it was way too sweet and pointless because we scooped it off to the side. I will be back but l recently have found my Spanish needs met at other restaurants!!
4	Where in Charlotte has authentic, fresh Mexican and Tex-Mex? Cantina Fifteen Eleven, of course. Once you get there, though, the question is, "Who is Dennis and why are his enchiladas so delicious?" Dennis is clearly a culinary genius who deserves a promotion and a bonus, because the roasted chicken, spinach and Mexican cheese enchiladas bathing in Chile con queso and avocado and red pepper crema is the most craveable dish on the Cantina menu. There are complimentary chips and two types of salsa on the the table, but that is where the similarities end compared to other Mexican restaurants. Guacamole is made table side by servers and there are creative versions of Mexican classics that are surprising and gratifying. Jicama in the Chopped Mexican Salad, goat cheese, spinach and wild mushrooms in a quesadilla, and Salmon al Pastor are just the start of a menu comprised of fresh and unexpected choices at Cantina Fifteen Eleven. Weekend nights are packed at the Dilworth location of Cantina, and valet parking is offered and recommended. The parking lot is small, and maneuvering within is often a tedious process.Inside, there is ambient lighting shining from the star-shaped Mexican lanterns, comfortable seating and attentive servers and barkeeps who kept an eleven member Friday night group satisfied in a timely manner. In addition to the Dilworth location, there is another Cantina in the Stonecrest shopping center on Rea Road. Though the menus and food quality are identical, the Dilworth location seems to offer a more festive and authentic atmosphere.
5	I can't sing enough praises for Cantina.....I know, I'm late in my  discovery....but hey it's way too many restaurants in the qc;-)  I must admit this was the first time trying guac and umm, I'll just say it has to grow on me.  The restaurant was very busy as it was during lunch on a Friday, however there was no wait time and the food was ordered and on the table in no time!  Grilled fish taco's and chicken milanese tacos were simply to die for! Full of wonderful seasoning and flavors and slaw, and pico and the rice and the beans.......and ahhhh, I just loved every minute of it.  I'm still dreaming of Cantina..........
4	Excellent, the flavors were fantastic.  I got the chicken milanese, which i would get again next time I am here.  There is little parking, they had valet when we went.
3	If you want traditional mexican then find another place. But if your like Modern mexican/Tex-mex, then check this place out.   I tender to order the same things at restaurants that I frequent and Cantina is no different. Fresh made gaucamole is great but don't skip on the queso. Their unique twist on traditional queso is to die for. The chicken/steak fajitas are so large, I always end up with a togo box.
3	I like 1511 ok....it's a trendy spot spot for some fresh Tex-Mex. It's a little pricey for what you get. The Enchiladas de Denis are good, but everything borders dangerously close on being wayyyy too smothered in sauces of one variety or another (or both at the same time). You can kind of lose the rest of the food underneath all the sauce, and in turn, it makes the dishes overwhelmingly rich.  I always leave with a doggy bag (not necessarily a bad thing!) due to the food being so heavy!  Or it could be the massive amounts of chips and salsa I consume before the food arrives.....I'm a sucker for table-side service....be it a bananas foster, waiter prepared caesar, carved whole duck.  So needless to say, I enjoyed the tableside guacamole.  But there is an operational advantage here too...when avocadoes oxidize, they turn brown and mushy.  Even after adding lime juice, it can still lead to a disappointing guac experience when you get a bowl of brownish green goo.  Good guac is creamy, not gooey!  You get the good guac here.  An overzealous waiter sqeezed some lime right into my eye when we were dining with some friends here on our last visit.  Made for some comedic relief to the dinner convo.This place is always packed, so don't be surprised if dinner takes a little while to come out.  All in all not my favorite mexican spot, but I still come here about once a month, either for lunch with colleagues or dinner with the wife.  So I can't really bash too hard on a place I return to with some level of frequency!
2	MEH. This place is hit or miss. The food is good, I like the barbacoa, but the service can be awful. The  uppity older male host was rude to me and my boyfriend for not knowing where to find the bathroom by approaching us as we looked lost and saying "LIKE I SAID, the bathrooms are around the corner!!" Its like, dude, I didn't notice that you were talking to me before, why are you being so rude?The parking can be a nightmare. Their motto pretty much is "we can be rude, cuz you probably will be back to eat our food"I won't be back.
5	As close as you can get to high end Mexican( is there such a thing?) in this town. Great location, good service, ample parking & a braised pork taco to die for! The waiters will make fresh guacamole right in front of you! One of the places I take out of town family & friends.
5	Mmmm, I love this place, it doesn't get any better for Mexican food than this. I haven't been in a couple months but use to frequent this place for lunch when I went to school in the area. I would usually get their small Mexican chopped salad and it was huge, more than enough for one person. It also had a good variety of veggies on it, chick peas, jicama, avocado, peppers, onion and tomatoes. I'd usually add shrimp or chicken to it for my protein as well. I've also had their tacos with shrimp which are very tasty. They bring fresh chips and salsa to your table when you arrive and if you order the guacamole they'll prepare it tableside for you. Also be sure to try one of their Mojitos.;-)
4	Nice restaurant.  The decor is fairly nice, but I didn't feel terribly out of place in shorts and a t-shirt.  Service was good.I was expecting this place to have more vegetarian options on the menu.  There are a few, and the server suggested I replace the meat in a burrito with veggies (which I did), its just that I expected more options.  None of the Family-style meals are vegetarian (though I suppose you could ask, as they seemed fine with going off the menu).  But what I had was pretty good.  First up was the guacamole.  As several other reviewers have noted, Cantina makes their guacamole tableside.  It was very, very good, the right consistency/flavor/etc.  The only thing is that its $9, which seems really, really pricey to me (everything else seemed reasonably priced though).  My burrito was good too.  It wasn't anything fancy, just a burrito with sauteed veggies, rice, beans and queso.  So overall I liked this place.  Probably closer to 3.5 stars, but I have no problem bumping it up to a 4.
5	Oh Cantina! I am so shocked I haven't reviewed you yet! While I would simply love you for your AMAZING and fresh guac, you have so much more to offer. With Mexican, I am not hard to please, but I have never been let down my Cantina.  To begin, the decor mixes traditional Mexican style and chic modern flair. The lightening is at the perfect level so you can relax and truly enjoy your meal. I have always had great service and when in doubt a tasty lime margarita and the Marco Polo Tacos will leave any visitor beyond happy and full!
5	This was (by far) my favorite Mexican place when I lived in Charlotte.  Great nachos and sangria!The happy hour in the bar/lobby is perfect for post-work drinks, too.It can get a bit loud, so Cantina isn't great for an 'intimate" date, but it's perfect for something more casual.
2	I had a rough time at Cantina 1511 which is shocking because I've always had a great meal there in the past. I went with a friend and we ordered out lunches. When they were brought out she found something in her taco. It wasn't a hair but it looked like a bristle from a brush. Then I got a bone in my taco. The GM was fantastic and came right over and took care of our meal for us after apologizing a million times. Once would have been enough but he really wanted us to be happy. That is great customer service. I've eaten here a million times before and this is the only time I've ever had a problem but it was quickly corrected by them. They took our plates back and replaced our meals then kindly picked up our check. I will definitely go back again.
3	We met some friends for dinner there last night. The hostess was very accomodating and said that she could go ahead and seat us but we decided to wait for our other friends to arrive so we stopped by the bar.  The bartender was a little distracted, &  I didn't have a chance to order a beverage before our friends arrived.  But, no matter since we were seated immediately anyway.  I would have to give our server 3 stars for service.  Maybe we just caught him on a bad night, but he was not attentive about our drinks and did not seem overly helpful when we had questions about specific items on the menu.  Also, one member of our party asked if she could have onions left off a taco and he said absolutely not.  I know  that a lot of chef's are "offended" when patrons ask for changes to a dish, but it sort of leaves a bad taste in my mouth when restuarants are not willing to entertain any kind of special request.  After all, a place like this you would expect the food to be cooked to order...  so if someone wants their taco without onions, it should not present a huge problem. While there were a couple of stand-out  items, overall, I would have to rate the food just 3 stars for this visit. Of course, we started the evening with house-made tortilla chips served with a side of pickled veggies and fresh salsa. We also placed an order for Queso Fundido (imported Mexican cheeses melted with fresh herbs and chilies - $5 for a small, $7 for a large).  Without question, that is the best queso I have ever eaten. 5 stars for this dish alone - I would go back anytime just for that!  The queso fundido is served with a side of soft flour tortillas- which was perfect with a little of the vegetable mixture and a big scoop of queso. Yummo! I decided to order off the Authentic Mexican menu rather than the TexMex menu.  There were several items I really wanted to try, but our waiter said the Tacos Dorados were his favorite, so I decided to go with that.  The Tacos Dorados are described as "Crispy shrimp, crab and scallion tacos. Topped with Mexican crema, cabbage, and Valentina hot sauce. Served with Mexican vegetable rice and black beans D-$12".  First off, the mexican vegetable rice & black beans were absolutely DELICIOUS. I am a huge fan of black beans and theirs were seasoned perfectly.  However, sadly I was less thrilled with the actual main dish.  The taco shells were fabulous - obviously freshly made in house and appeared to be deep fried after the shrimp & crab mixture was put in.  The shrimp-crab mix had a pretty good flavor but was a bit on the dry side.  The real problem for me was that the Mexican Crema and Valentina Hot Sauce was Missing In Action - there was a little on top of the entree but not enough to enjoy on each taco.  I think the dish would have greatly been improved if these 2 elements were more abundant. The mixture on the inside seemed to lack any cheese, so the crema was really needed to give it that extra flavor and texture.  I also like things on the spicy side and it seems our chef either forgot the spicy sauce or thought we couldn't handle it - so I had to use the salsa that came with our chips along with the stuff out of the bottle to give it a little kick. One of my friends ordered the Cantina Chimichanga (described as a Crispy burrito filled with a choice of chicken or steak, black beans, pico de gallo, Mexican vegetable rice and mixed cheeses. Topped with Ranchero and Chile con queso sauce. Choice of grilled vegetables or rice and beans $12).  This turned out to be a gigantic burrito! Better bring your appetite if you're planning to order this one (or you'll have one big doggy bag!)  But, all-in-all, I would like to go back and try some of the other menu items...and I will definitely go back just for that fabulous Queso!!
4	Cantina, Cantina...This place is always a go-to if you want to go out and can't quite decide what you are in the mood for.  Be warned, this place is packed!  A friend & I went last night for dinner (on a Tuesday) and had to wait for a seat.  So we sat at the bar instead, which was good with us anyway.  The bar area is open with high tops and seats at the bar and has a much more peaceful atmosphere than the restaurant.Their drink specials are usually on point.  I ordered the 1511 Margarita with their fresh-squeezed orange juice and it was a 10 out of 10!  Their wine selection is also not to shabby for a Mexican joint either.Food is always good. Hot chips & fresh salsa come when you sit down.  I wouldn't call it authentic Mexican.  I mean, they don't even have tamales on the menu (huge disappointment), but their Mexican Chop Salad and Tacos are always my recommendation.  My friend got the fish tacos and ate every bite.  The fajitas look stellar, but I just can't shell out $16 it - so I stick to the less expensive, just as delicious items.The wait staff is hit or miss.  Our waitress was similar to Daria reincarnated in human form.  It's like she really (really) wanted to be nice and personable... but in the end she gave up.  In her defense we got our food fast, drinks fast, refills on chips, and she got our orders 100% correct without writing anything down.  So do I really care if she wasn't the most friendly person I've ever met?  Nahh. Rock on with your bad self.  No judgement here!
4	Always on the hunt for good Mexican food (sorry NYC has very little) brought me to this spot. Service: Great. They were actually packed so we sat at the bar. Bartender was friendly, service was very fast.  Only complaint is the trashy guy next to us at the bar. The poor chick with him, at one point he says I bet not one woman in this place doesn't want to sleep w/m.  Me and his date both raised our hands.  Hahaa NC trash.  Apps: Great chips and salsa,  Spicy! Chicken tortilla soup -was fantastic! Main: I had some kind of pulled pork plate, it was OK nothing I would ever order again -the pork was overcooked/burnt.  I asked the bartender what he liked and he said he had been working there so long he no longer ate there...? Not sure if that was a good or bad comment. He told me my dish was one of the most popular on the menu -but didn't directly say it was good. Being a former server/bartender I'm a little sad that this guy couldn't ball up and tell me if was the most popular dish but it sucked. Other Main: Chicken fajitas -they looked awesome, huge portion, his only complaint was that he was not given enough tortillas Drinks: Top Shelf Margs! Awesome. Great quality tequilla Location: Near Uptown NC All in all I was extremely full and felt weighted down when I left. But maybe that's the way you always feel after you stuff your face with chips, salsa, rice, beans, pork and margs.  Good spot if you are in the mood for Mexican.  Also 4-7pm they have a drink special at the bar!! Great deals.
1	I think I'm about the only person who lived in Charlotte who is not a Cantina fan.  I've been there several times but I've always been disappointed.Likes:  It's a fun atmosphere, buzzing with energy.  The margaritas and guac are good if you're willing to pay up for them.Dislikes:  So expensive, even when they're running "specials" like about $18 for a pitcher of margaritas.  I had pork tacos one time: the food is sub-par and the quality is not great.  After that, I just got drinks there.  It's always packed, which can be good or bad depending on your preference.Take it or leave it:  Leave it.  It's trendy but majorly over-hyped and over-priced.  I would expect better quality from a "fancy" Mexican place.
5	Great place.  Wonderful service.  I have tried just about everything on the menu and have never been disappointed.  Some favorites are the Barbacoa, Steak Chimchanga, and the Guac!  Parking for lunch can be tough.  Don't park out back or you will either get booted or towed.  At night they do have valet parking.  Looking for a fun place to go, that won't let you down this is it.
3	My first visit came here over the weekend.  I liked it....you underwhelmed with that statement?  Well, that's kinda how I felt about Cantina.  I like it, I really do but maybe my taste buds and palette isn't distinguished enough to discern between Mexican meals.  What I mean is, yeah it was fine and the fresh and all things good but I didn't come away from the place thinking OMG, I can't wait to get back.  One thing I will say is that I really like the upscale (compared to most Mexican joints) interiors.  So if I want to step it up a couple notches from some place like an Azteca, I'll visit Cantina.  But if I'm looking to just get down and grub on some Mexican cuisine I'd probably stick to the Azteca type faire.
4	There is absolutely no resisting a bowl full of warm, crispy tortilla chips and fresh homemade salsa when you sit down at this spot.  No. Resisting.  Trust me, I've tried.  IMPOSSIBLE.  And the guac that they make at the table? Insanity.  I'm all about fresh ingredients, and it doesn't get much fresher than that.The drinks are yum-tastic also (can't go wrong with a marg at a place like this).Lunch selections are great, and the service has always been fantastic there!  Everything I've ever had on the menu has been of superb quality and very very very very very very verrrrrry tasty....that is, if I can actually fit any lunch or dinner into my stomach after eating all of the chips. FREE REFILLS, FTW!The only reason it isn't 5 stars is because of parking.  Be prepared to walk there if you get there during busy lunch or dinner hours.  And don't park at Starbucks, you WILL get towed.
4	LOVE this place! Great food - guacamole, shredded pork tacos even just their chips and salsa are amazing.  The atmosphere is modern, comfortable and appealing. One of the best things I've tried at Cantina is their margaritas - absolutely delcicious and a variety to choose from. The only reason I'm not giving them a five is the prices. The fantastic margaritas I mentioned come at a hefty price - to the tune of $40-50/pitcher. So, as good as they taste, your buzz is killed when the check comes. Still, I'd highly recommend this place for a special occasion restaurant or date night with someone you'd like to impress.
3	Nice ambiance, great service.  Interesting drink menu with a good variety of flavors.  Guac made at the table and queso - good starters.  Ordered fajitas and chimi steak burrito--well presented and ok/good.  Not an inexpensive place, a little on the pricey side given flavors and quality.  Overall ok, but, prefer the flavors I get at La Unica in Huntersville better at around 50-60% of the price.
4	We started with the queso which was awesome ( but then again when isnt cheese not awesome).  The food was a solid, it wasn't quite super authentic, but they had a little twist on it which I enjoyed.  It definitely feels like you are eating at a restaurant and so home made or fast food type place. I would probably return if a friend wanted Mexican and we were in the area.  I like how they make the gauc in front of you and endless chips are always good.  The only thing I didn't like was the decor was a little bit dreary and I agree with Faith about the mildew rag smell.  All in all, it was better than average
3	My girlfriend took me here on our way through Charlotte during a recent vacation. Enjoyed it well enough although I can't say it was memorable. The atmosphere was very lively but it was a bit pricey. I'd go again though.
4	So if you're into a little more upscale Mexican food this place is a good choice. There's two location, and I've been to both. The Dilworth location in Charlotte is by far better. The food presentation has more thought behind it, and the ambiance is all together nicer. You feel less rushed at this location and it's the original one. So if choosing between the two places ... go to this one first. As for my meal at Cantina 1511, I ordered the Salmon al Pastor. This is a nice sized piece of pan seared salmon with an achiote and lime flavoring. It is garnished with roasted pineapple, and is placed over black beans on top of a fried tostada with pico de gallo salsa thrown into the mix. Also, on the very top of the dish there are two giant green grilled scallion bulbs garnishing the masterpiece. The dish goes for $16 and is excellent. Warm chips and salsa come with the meal, and if you're lucky you'll get an amazing waiter just like we had. The server was so attentive ... it was almost comical how speedy fast he was. I loved it because it added to the whole experience. All in all, I have nothing but good things to say about this location and meal. NOW BEWARE: Parking is a bit tough on a busy night so keep this in mind. I parked in the lot next store. AND, if you're on a budget and are looking for a "super inexpensive" Mexican meal this may not be your place. Cantina is more upscale and the prices are not dirt cheap so remember that before choosing this location for anyone on a budget. Other than that - I hope you enjoy!BTW: if you're wondering why only "4" stars out of "5" it because the meal was really good but not "knock my socks off amazing" for the price. It's totally a place worth going but I keep my "5 star" ratings for only places that I craze days, weeks and months after dining there.
3	We headed over to Dilworth to eat at Lebowski's the day after Christmas only to have our hopes dashed when it was closed.  Luckily, Cantina 1511 was open across the street.  And as a Mexican food snob, I can safely say that Cantina has the best salsa I've had since I left San Diego.  Spicy without being too spicy, flavorful, and good consistency to adhere itself to the chip.  I now regret not trying their guac.  Decent food overall.  But man, that salsa!  Start bottling it.
5	When I want Mexican, I come here. I've been here at least 15 times and have never had a bad dish. Their menu has both traditional Mexican dishes and more modern ones. The portions are large and the food is delicious. I would say the entrees hover around the $14 point, making this more expensive than your average neighborhood Mexican restaurant, but the quality is far superior.
5	This was our first time in Charlotte and a friend suggested this restaurant. We made reservations but were still subjected to a 30 minute wait. The management MORE than redeemed themselves with their excellent service and attention to us. The food was soooo good! Fresh guacamole made right in front of you and the BEST queso we had ever had. Fajita's were great, too, with huge proportions. Some items (like the guacamole) were a little expensive but really worth it. Huge menu as well!We are so sad that there is not a Cantina near us but are already looking forward to our next trip to Charlotte.
3	I keep coming back here because I love Mexican and it it so close to where I live, but I never leave here completely satisfied.  The food is good but not always seasoned properly.  The pastor and carnitas have not been as flavorful as I would expect and the barboaca was way too salty the one time I got it.  The wait staff is friendly but seems to rush you out and can be forgetful at times. The layout is unique with a bar/lounge area and also has a front porch seating for when its nice out.  This is one of the best spots for Mexican I know of in Charlotte. However, I prefer their sister restaurant Paco's Tacos as far as the food goes. The salsa verde at both restaurants is banging!
5	This was trip four, and time to sing the Cantina's praises. They're consistently sparkling - the smells as you enter, the grown up staff, the array of menu choices with both traditional Mexican cuisine and Tex-Mex, the unique salsa, the wonderful and varying flavors and presentations all add up to what you've been hoping to find in a fine Mexican restaurant, and just did. The Salmon al Pastor delighted from the grilled pineapple cap through the perfectly not-overcooked salmon tp the delightful pico de gallo. I was allowed a small taste of the Carones Mojo y Ajo; again, the flavors were fresh and original and not at all stereotypical. Sorry - no room for dessert.
4	Cantina is always my go to for girls night out or for b'day celebrations.  It's great for crowds,  the food is pretty much always good and so is the service.  It's a bit on the pricier side for Mexican/ Tex-Mex but I think the atomosphere makes it worth the extra money.  Plus, you can split all their meals.  It is a two dollar split charge-  but they give each person a full serving of the sides-- so it really evens it out-  its a TON of food.
3	What a great combination of Authentic Mexican and Tex Mex.  The wait staff is great, the food is excellent, the bar specials are good, and the overall experience is solid.  The parking is somewhat of a challenge, but you just work through it.
1	First and foremost I have been to Cantina 1511 before and the food and service has always been fantastic but today I went and had a horrible experience. I decided to stop in by myself to order some food, once I was seated and placed my order I went to the restroom to wash my hands why is it that a waitress that wasn't mine cleared my appetizer and drink from my table? She brought me out another one and said she was sorry so I let it go, but when my food came out I found debris in it, the waiter stated that he would have another plate remade for me so when the next plate came out there was a long piece of hair wedged in the meal, needless to say my appetite was destroyed and I left the restaurant, Cantina 1511 is definitely off my eating list.
3	My wife and I were craving mexican and happen to be in the dilworth area.  We decided to stop and give them a try.  Just for some background information, we love mexican.  Biombo's in concord is our favorite and for in charlotte we enjoy loco lime.  I will say that this is not a bad place.  I gave them 3 stars because this is not the mexican food that we enjoy.  First we ordered the Queso with our chips.  This is not the regular white queso that many mexican restaurants want.  This is more of an authentic queso, it has onions and is slightly brown compared to white that we are use to.  So my wife nor daughter really liked that.  We all got burritos and thought they were ok.  The carne assata did not have the best flavor and just was not the best one I had.  I do not think this place is bad and could see how people would love it.  I think it is just not my cup of tea.  On a better note the table service Guacamole looked great.  If i ever find myself back I will give it a try. For regular visits I will stick with Loco Lime and our number one favorite Biombo's
4	MAKE SURE YOU MAKE RESERVATIONS (opentable)Once you're in, the food is great. We had the top shelf margarita, with the side of grand marnier.  Get the table side guacamole to order.   We had the dinner specials which were great. Have had a lot of Mexican in my travels and this rates near the top.
5	This is by far the best Mexican restaurant I have ever eaten at.  I usually don't even care for Mexican food, but I love this place. My wife is going to have a hard time convincing me to eat at any other Mexican restaurant.
4	A staple for good Mexican in Charlotte. There is a reason there is always a wait, especially if you visit on a nice day when the patio will be overflowing with hungry Charlotteans having a big margarita outside.Table-side guac is fantastic, and you really can't go wrong with any dish.
4	Have been  here a couple times and it's always been very good.  Their salsa is to die for, luckily they sell it so I can take some home.  One of the best in Charlotte.
3	**I have to lower my rating on this joint...Since they've come under new owner/mgmt, they've fired some of their best staff, including Johan who brought them SO MUCH business (that won't be coming back, including me!). They've also upped their prices-granted the menu has changed, but add'l $3-$5 per entree?! Seriously?? I've been going to other spots(reviews to follow) that are less pricey and just as delicious, if not better. I LOVE THEIR NACHOS!!! I should probably sample more of the food before writing a review, but who cares. Go for the nachos. The "appetizer" portion is enough to feed two people and have leftovers(unless you're some big ol hungryman type). Their mojitos and margeritas are the ish too. Drinks in general are good, but catch a special, even if you have money to waste, a drink special tastes much better than regular priced booze anyday!Ask for Johan to be your server. My spicy, hot latin friend with the perfect teeth and best jiggalo accent you'll EVER here. He's awesome and the nicest guy ever. And who DOESN'T want to be served by someone beautiful that makes you think you're on vacation in S. America??(even straight guys and gay girls like me like it so ha!)
4	One of our favorite spots! Picked up lunch for the office yesterday. Chimichangas, nachos, enchiladas, fish tacos, fajitas and fresh guacamole!! Yumola! Thanks Cantina!! You made our day.
2	Ive been to 1511 a few times before and had much better experiences. I will say that the service was fine, the guacamole is awesome as everyone says. I still hate paying 10 bucks for guac knowing the ingredients cost nearly nothing but hey what are you going to do? My gripe on this trip comes in the form of a steak chimichanga. I love chimichangas and I had never had one from 1511, so I ventured to my comfort meal. What came to me was more like a burrito the size of a football. It was not fried, which is why I am calling it a burrito. When I cut into it all I saw was rice, corn and......peas? YES PEAS. There was hardly any steak in my chimichanga. I was very upset, so I only ate half then brought the rest home hoping it would be better the next day in the fridge. That was not the case. I will be back to 1511, the gf and myself have enjoyed it many times but I will NEVER order from the tex-mex side again.
4	I had a chance to go Cantina 1511 this afternoon for lunch.  This is about the 5th or 6th time I've been to this local neighborhood gem.  Its hard to  bring something new to the conversation that hasnt already been mentioned...Highlights:*The chips and salsa are simply amazing.*I usually get the Carne Asada Burrito, the dinner portion is $12 and is worth every last dime.  Here's a little hint, you can get the burritos topped with BOTH queso and ranchero sauce!!  How can you go wrong?!?!  The burrito is probably a little "fatter" than what you would think (see pics) but thats only because it is stuffed with tasty, Mexican goodness!*The table-side Guac is simply real.  Its made at your time and you BETTER ask for it a spicy!  I usually always get the side of guac for $2 if I choose not to go with the full-out appetizer.  *Service is ALWAYS excellent.  Never has my meal been anything other than what I ordered.  I have never had to wait an abnormal amount of time for my meal to arrive once I ordered.  Drinks are always promptly refilled.  Staff is always friendly and polite.   *Parking is hit or miss honestly.  If you go there during peak hours - Friday @8pm, parking can definitely be tight.  But usually, there is ample space is the lot directly behind the building.  *I love that they have Dos Equis Amber on draft all day, every day!Lowlights:NONEGreat, upscale Mexican food and dining experience, but with reasonable prices.  Cantina leads all competition - La Paz, Vida Cantina (at the epicenter), and Zapatas, when it comes fabulous Mexican food in Charlotte.
4	Happy hour: Amazing, Cheap, and Drinks! I came here for a happy hour with a friend of mine (which was really a failed party, which became like a default date...) The appetizers were filling, and the drinks weren't too bad on the price. I think that there should have been a little bit more space, except I wasn't too worried about it because it was just the two of us.Overall, I would come here for happy hour itself. South Charlotte isn't quite my scene so I don't think I would get to try out the other dinner options. We'll see if that changes though.
4	Except for a couple of forgettable lunches, every dinner visit here over several years has been very pleasant. Well managed, superb ambiance and lighting, the right amount of bustle and noise, a wide patron demographic, nicely balanced menu, reasonable pricing, and attentive service. Every dish is worth a try, although the ceviche was perhaps a mild disappointment.
5	Excellent FOOD! I must go again. The chips & salsa were awesome too.
5	the best mexican food i've ever had. the chips and salsa are to die for! fast and friendly service
4	If it's a spring or fall evening and you want to enjoy some above average mexican cuisine, grab a table on the front porch of Cantina 1511.We went during the week and simply had a plate of nachos and a few beers.  I was starving when we went and had planned to get entrees but thoughts we'd just have a good quality starter.  The nachos feature fresh ingredients and are a large portion.  By the time we ate 80% of the nachos and downed a couple Pacificos, we were stuffed!  It made for a cost effective.  I hadn't been a huge fan of 1511 in the past but that was probably 5 years ago.  I enjoyed this dish and will update my review after my next outing.  So far, I'm going 4 stars... excited to see what else they have to offer.
4	It had been a while since we had been to Cantina 1511.  In fact, I really don't remember the last time, it was that long.  Also, for some reason it seems like I can't remember a particularly great mexican meal that I have had in Charlotte.  Most of the mexican food that I eat is made at home and satisfies me.  Maybe I don't know where the good places are?  Anyway, we stopped by for a drink, in this case a couple of margaritas, but I was looking at the food menu and got tempted into ordering a couple of tacos.  The al pastor pork taco and the carne asada steak taco were calling my name.  Both tacos were excellent, but I would get the al pastor only next time, as the cabbage, pineapple and cilantro really went well together.  The tacos came with beans and rice, which I enjoyed, but I was already overly stuffed with the tacos.  I had ordered a lunch portion at 10$ and it was a very good value for the amount of food that I received.  Sitting outside on the patio was nice despite the heat. Overall, very happy that I gave Cantina another try and I will return sooner this time.
5	Okay, this place is one of the best restaurants I've been too. Probably the best tex-mex/mexican food I've ever had. I lived in Charlotte for a year and when my family came back to visit, this was the first place we ate dinner. The service is really good and the food is amazing. I had the enchiladas suizias, and they were amazing! You actually get a lot of food for the price. You will not go home hungry. But, if you do have room dessert, you have to try one of them. Nutella pie is to die for!!!
4	The $7 lunch specials get 5 stars.....  all you can eat chips/salsa paired with about 6-ish entrees..... quesadillas, burgers, salads, etc.  All really good.  The Mexican chopped salad with chicken is by far my favorite.Dinner entrees are all solid - I've tried just about everything over the years.  A tad expensive compared to market rates, perhaps.  4 stars.  As busy as they are, service is efficient and warm.  Lunch or dinner.  5 stars.I don't recall the day of week, but there is one particular day when they have margarita specials - very reasonably priced.  Even their basic house margarita was fantastic.  5 stars.The parking is a joke and receives 1 star.  I give them credit for recently trying to offer valet service to improve the situation, but the lot is just too small and not laid out well.  Period.  One day I observed the valet turning people away because the lot was full.  Another day, they had cars (all running but no one in them) lined up two by two all the way out to the sidewalk preventing other cars from entering the lot.  I'm not sure what can be done, and, again, I give them credit for trying something, but it's just not good enough.If you can walk here or if you can come during off hours, you'll have a fantastic experience.  Drive up when they are busy - you may struggle.
2	Beware....Cantina has a new owner and new menu and it's not great.  Sigh.  My husband and I used to looove Cantina; my husband would have eaten there every day if he could.  We visited this week and found out they had a new menu.  Nothing sounded amazing.  I ordered nachos that were only so so (how can nachos only be so so?).  In addition, the service was not as good as it used to be but our waitress could have just been having a bad day.If you've eaten at Cantina prior to July 2012 and loved it, reset your expectations so you aren't as let down as we were.  (side note, pacos tacos is still owned FS Food Group and has the same menu; phew)
4	Food was good. We both got the 2 taco plates. Salsa is awesome! We go here on/off - always a good experience.
4	First of all, their chips and salsa is very good.  I am embarrassed to admit how much I actually ate.  Then came the chicken enchiladas (I forget the actual name).  They were also really good.  They came with a side of rice and beans (I just got rice because I don't like beans).  I actually wasn't a big fan of the rice, but between the enchiladas and the chips/salsa, who needs rice.
5	Best Mexican restaurant in Charlotte! Try their Guacamole Prima as you sip on a tasty Margarita Flight. Yum!! Staff is super friendly. I'l be back soon!
4	I've been here three times, and each time I've never been disappointed. The fish tacos are delectable, the chopped salad is delicious and I usually end up eating so much of their awesome salsa and chips that I barely have room for my entree. I've tried the Salmon al Pastor and both the presentation and flavors are wonderful. The only reason I'm giving it four stars instead of five is because I've been told they're working on adding to the menu so I'm waiting for this place to be even more awesome.
5	Amazing food. Spectacular service. Let me just tell you that this experience was so great that I signed up to Yelp just to write this review. Heather was our server and it was truly delightful; Carrie the manager also stopped by and was quite engaging-recommending fun things to do as we came in from out of town.  You must eat here!
5	It's not often my family finds a place that everyone loves. Usually, someone won't eat.... Well, not this time.. Everything was awesome food, service and they easy to find.
2	I've been to Cantina 1511 about 5 few times now and I have to say I have mixed feelings about it.The food is wonderful. It's creative and classic and delicious. The salsa is some of the best I've had in Charlotte and being from Southern AZ this is a big deal.My mixed feelings come from the service. I have yet to have good service at Cantina 1511. The waitstaff seems confused by the menu, today my server asked ME questions about the menu. When I am there I feel like I am always waiting for something. It is a shame because the food is really good and I love the atmosphere but if I am going to be paying $15 bucks for tacos I expect the service to be worth it.
4	I love Cantina 1511!!!!  It is that plain and simple.  The margaritas are fantastic and fresh!  And the table-side made-to-order guacamole is AMAZING!  I could eat that and have a margarita and be done for the day.  Service is great and the atmosphere is very relaxing and inviting.  I say it's a definite "Must-try"!
4	This place is pretty darn good. The bar menu is a steal if you come during happy hour. Lunch has amazing deals. The salsa is amazing. Good place to come after-work, or have an office social.I made the mistake of coming here on Cinco de Mayo... Avoid at all costs.Dinner can be a little pricey, but all in all, Charlotte is lucky to have this place.
4	A little pricey but delicious!! We started off with the Street Food Platter ... so delish that right there is a meal in its self! Apparently the selections vary but I believe on that day we had the biggest calamari I have seen in my life, quesadillas, and some kind of meatballs which were pretty tasty. I had the Pan Seared Sea Scallops and Shrimp as my main course and it was delish ... but very salty. I love salt nom nom nom... but those scallops were like pretty much soaked in a vat of salt and then thrown into the pan . The shrimp was delish but the scallops thumbs down . My sister had the chicken tacos and she thought they were pretty tasty as well. We told the waiter it was my sisters birthday and he brought out a piece of a piece of the four milk cake ... obviously they didn't include chocolate milk in this cake so I didn't eat any, but my sister did she said it was alright. She may have enjoyed it more if we weren't so full off of the appetizer, margaritas and main course! Overall I really liked this place and would love to try it again!
3	Good food. Good drinks. A little pricy. Chips and salsa were great.
4	Cantina has pretty fantastic Mexican food. I love their guacamole, and have never had a bad dish. My office had our Christmas/holiday luncheon two weeks ago. We were given a semiprivate room behind the bar & had a really great experience. I hate that I don't remember our server's name, but he was uber responsive and managed a crowd of 15 like a champ. He kept our drinks and chip baskets full and the food came out quickly + all of the orders were correct! You honestly can't go wrong with Cantina... the only reason I haven't been back since is I'm on the paleo diet and can't resist the temptation of chips at Mexican. Once I'm off the diet wagon again, I'll be back :)
5	I can't say enough good things about Cantina 1511.. However, one thing about me is that I kept ordering the same darn thing when I go there or many other places at that. I'm In love with the mojitos. I have tried every types they offer. Having their mojitos on my birthday was the perfect way to keep my mid life crisis at bay. I alway ordered the fish tacos every time. Nothing to complain about. I did recently visited them and order their "street" food platter. Which includes battered calamari, meatball with cheese, nacho salad, some other type of food I can't remember. This is the perfect way for me to step outside my box. I'm always a big fan of tapas. And it's exactly that. Everything on that platter is delicious. I would order it again. Customer services is alway great, the way I remember it. But most of the time, I'm tipsy from their mojitos by the time I leave. Haha. Either way, I have visited them many times before and will continue to do so as long as they don't change too much.
4	BEST EVER!!!!!!!!!A "small" queso is plenty for a group and is so delicious-- not just the typical, out-of-a-can white stuff you get at a regular place. You can tell they make it there and really put time into it.Although it's not the cheapest place ever, all of the entrees could easily feed two, or be taken home for yummy leftovers. The margaritas are my only complaint-- so expensive!!!
3	Good service and meals- have eaten here multiple times
5	Have never had bad food here. I was sad that the Maverick margarita was off the menu, but the bartender came through with an equivalent margarita.
4	A friend of mine decided to meet up at Cantina, since it had been a while for both of us. Needless to say, it did not disappoint. The guacamole was good, as I remembered. I ordered two tacos, one chicken and one fish. Really cute, especially with the house margarita. I look forward to get back again soon.
5	I've been here many times, but after my most recent meal the other night I figured it's about dang time I write a review.  Simply put, this place is great.If you like guacamole, this is the place for you.  They make it at the table while you watch, and you can have it seasoned to your taste.  It's a bit pricey to get the guacamole, but it's pretty delicious.  Just be prepared because you'll get a LOT of guac.  If you don't like the guacamole, you will probably be pretty satisfied with the complimentary salsa.  If you like tequila, you have come to the right place.  There are plenty of different types and there is a good variety of margaritas.  I am more of a beer man, myself.  There aren't a lot of drafts to choose from, but they have Dos Equis Amber and when I'm eating Mexican food that is good enough for me.So what really inspired me to write this review was the dish I had the other night, the barbacoa de puerco.  I cannot believe I've been to Cantina so many times without trying this thing but it was amazing.  The dish consisted of slow cooked, shredded pork with pico, guacamole, and charro beans and rice.  The pork was tender, juicy, flavorful, and delicious.  It came with flour tortillas to load up with the meat and sides.  It possibly the best Mexican meal I've had.  If you aren't interested in the barbacoa, I'd recommend to get some tacos.  There are about 10 different types so there's something for everyone.  In conclusion, if you like Mexican food you need to go here.  Be sure to make a reservation if you're going on Friday or Saturday.  If you don't, you will likely be waiting for a while.  Standing around waiting for 45 minutes watching the waiters carry around the delicious looking and wonderful smelling hot plates is a torturous experience.
4	Love this restaurant and all it offers...fresh and fantastic!!
2	For Sunday evening dinner, while in Charlotte, we took a break from southern cooking and chili dogs and such and decided to have some Mex.  It is always a crap shoot when you go to a new city and try to pick a decent Mexican place.  We read a few reviews and decided on Cantina 1511.  Well, we've had better and we've had worse.Starting with the salsa which was amateurish loaded with cumin "because that's what makes it Mexican" (I heard a guy say that once).  The guacamole "made" at the table is kind of like semi-made at the table.  It is a large order, made with two avocados.  But the lime juice is pre-squeezed so the fragrant oils are lost completely.  The tomato and onion and cilantro are supplied by using some premixed pico with large onion hunks.  We don't want the hunks of raw onion so asked our server to leave the pico and we picked through it to have some tomato.  We also asked for more lime to add, since they did not add enough.  He brought us more, but again, pre-squeezed.   After sorting out enough tomato from the pico and adding more lime juice and salt, we made it OK to eat.  They really need to juice the limes with the little manual juicer at the table.Ms T had fish tacos (they were fried, not grilled) and declared that they simply had no flavor.  They were made from the ubiquitous tilapia, (which normally tastes like dirt to me) floured in masa.  These did not taste like fish or dirt or masa.  Just fried stuff.I ordered Tacos al Pastor.  This style of meat has become popular in the US in the last couple of years and it is rarely made right.  Cantina 1511 joins that club.  I really don't expect a trompo of seasoned pork that gets cut off with a large machete and grilled to crisp it a bit, like a good gyro.  But this was shredded pork stew, sweetened, too wet.  It is not supposed to be sweet.  I have eaten in the restaurant in Mexico City that claims (who knows if true) to have invented the style.  Cantina 1511's version is not even good by US standards.The rice was the plastic pellet style, I guess made from converted or instant rice.  The black beans were pretty cuminy, not well seasoned.It is a very nice place.  Jamal provided excellent service.  They are trying to be modern Mexican, but are not quite getting there.  I would keep looking for Mexican in Charlotte.
4	ROCKING guac they make at your table - so fresh. Waiter recommended a lighter, white con queso which was a $1 side - perfect. Caesar salad was delicious too. Marg flight was ok. In general a little too much sour mix but the blood orange math was the best for sure. Nice staff and overall I'd recommend --
3	I will have to say the veggie enchiladas my sister and I ordered were very delicious and enjoyed every bit of it.  I was also impressed when the waiter told us the pinto beans had pork in it and replaced it with black beans. As much as I would like to give this place a 4-star rating, I can't because we were not told there was a "sharing" tax!!I have never heard of place that charges you extra if you share your entree with someone, so much for curbing portion control when restaurants offer a entree that could feed a family of 5 now a days. I was not thrilled with the hidden charge until we received our bill.  If you want modern Mexican I would suggest Vida in downtown, they have yummy food and there is NO share charge!
5	I've been here a few times over the past couple years.  I went again the other day and had a crab, avocado and bacon quesadilla.  It was AMAZING!  Their salsa is always great too, but that quesadilla was fantastic!
4	I love Cantina. I'm not getting the whole menu change thing, as I've been going to this place since 2009 and I don't notice a HUGE difference. ALSO, and honestly, if you want real Mexican food- go to a restaurant where you see other Mexicans sitting and eating. This is, what I consider, a white people Mexican place. Not to offend. If I want a step, or a few steps, above my normal Mexican spots I like to dine (like Marias, Azteca, etc) at Cantina. Love the food- I usually get the Burritos and they are LARGE. I always have enough to take home the next day. The beans always taste fresh and the chips and salsa before the meal are excellent. We've had the guac. a few times and it's great, but it's not a staple everytime we dine b/c it is a tad expensive. The Margheritas, though pricey, are also EXCELLENT! If you're in Charlotte and want an upscale Mexican/Tex Mex place- this is the spot to go. In fact, I'm going this weekend....Can't wait!
5	This was about as good as it gets. First, I was happy to utilize the free valet parking, I really love this more and more as I become more pregnant. We were seated in the back section where Jamal and Chris were working together on the area. Both were amazing but we got to spend more time with Jamal and I have to say, I will be requesting him on our next visit. Having been wanting a margarita, I talked the hubs into getting the trio that was on special. Jamal helped with this persuasion and picked out a perfect combo for him. Since I was not able to drink any myself, I was happy that he seemed to enjoy them. We decided to split the fajitas for 2 and started with the salad. This was amazing. I was afraid I was going to be disappointed b/c I was not getting guac. but as soon as I took one bite of this salad I forgot all about it. The fajitas themselves were quite tasty and contained an array of veggies, not just the typical onions and peppers. The hubs enjoyed this but I am grossed out by mushrooms so I had to keep looking and picking to make sure none made their way into my mouth! We ended the meal with the Churros and it was a perfect end and totally satisfied my sweet tooth. I am excited to go back and try more things on the menu and, eventually, have some of those margaritas myself!
5	Totally amazed by Cantina 1511. Not just with the food (which is always delicious) but the customer service is incredible. Yesterday we ordered fajitas to-go. Almost all the way home, we received a call from them telling us they had forgotten to give us the fajita wraps. Being rush hour, we decided to just stop by the grocery store rather than drive all the way back. Instead, they insisted on driving to our house and bringing us the wraps!! Who does that?? That's incredible. Not only did we get our wraps but a free dessert as well. Top notch service.Thank you guys at East Blvd. Cantina and thank you Ally who took care of this for us. We were beyond impressed.
3	Did a family style dinner for a wedding rehearsal. Not well designed but had a good time. Wait staff seemed a bit over whelmed. Will need to try a regular dinner to judge better.
4	We actually had catering from this place, but it was great! Suiza enchiladas, black beans, rice, yum. Good stuff.
5	New to the area and I'm pretty picky with my Mexican food. Prefer Tex-Mex to Authentic Mexican. This place is pretty awesome. They serve different options for the guac dip and your server makes it right in front of your table. Very fresh! We came for brunch and it was delicious. I had the Spanish Ham and Egg Torte with Adobo seasoned fries. Reminded me of home (NJ/Puerto Rico). 2.50$ tap beers on Sundays. I just had a great time overall. Server was awesome. Chips and salsa fresh and fantastic. Will be my new bookmark Mexican restaurant.
4	We dined here this past Saturday night and had a wonderfuk meal.  We knew that new owners took over a little over a year ago adn wanted to see if it changed.  It did not.  The food was just as great and so were the drinks!!!  Started off with tableside guac and we each had a few drinks and entrees.  I had two tacos which were fabulous as always.  Our 5 year old son with with us as well and he had a great experience.We look forward to visiting again soon!!!
4	Ancho chicken tacos are where its at! Table side guac is always good. We gave them make it without salt though, the chips are salty enough for it all!
4	Hands down my favorite Mexican restaurant in Charlotte!  Servers are always friendly and the food is always fresh! The guacamole is excellent, the free chips and salsa are the best around, and I have never had a dish I do not like.  I have tried the chicken tacos, the chopped salad and the chicken tostada salad, all are great with tons of flavor.  Their sides are amazing too... my two favorites being the mexican rice and the slaw. This isn't your hole in the wall Mexican restaurant... definitely a little fancier and the restaurant has a nice atmosphere.My only complaint keeping it from 5 stars is the prices... definitely a little overpriced in my opinion, but that won't keep me from going back.
4	Great food and service! This was our first first to the East Blvd location and we were impressed. I ordered the enchiladas de pollo and the wife ordered steak quesadillas. Both were great with bold flavor. The rice and beans were some of the best I have had; I was impressed from the first bite. Service was friendly, quick, and knowledgeable. A new glass of Coke was dropped off every time I was halfway through the previous. Looking forward to our next visit!
1	ZERO STARS.I actually ACTUALLY cannot comprehend how this place has an average of FOUR STARS, barring fake reviews.This is my third time going... and you know what, I'll admit it, SHAME ON ME.  Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me.  But along with that admission, here comes my scathing review, broken down into paragraphs for easy reference (ordered from good to bad to ugly):SERVICEno complaints. hostess was friendly, promptly seated, table service was perfectly and absolutely a-ok.AMBIENCEI will have to disagree with the yelper below who said: "This isn't your hole in the wall Mexican restaurant... definitely a little fancier and the restaurant has a nice atmosphere."  I would much prefer a hole in the wall restaurant than a chain restaurant with fabricated pieces of flair... the only thing "fancier" about this place are the prices.   Another downside: the live "music."  The first time I was assaulted by the live music was my first time at Cantina for brunch.  We were on the patio and the speakers/musician were literally 5 feet away.  What makes a mediocre breakfast burrito worse? A too-loud, too-close, too-American Idol rendition of Yellow by Coldplay.  Tonight was no better.  We were seated inside, but unfortunately, the musician was set up indoors, as well.  And again, the music was too-loud, too-close, and just not really... good.  But, to make matters worse, mariachi music was blaring from the restaurant speakers, competing with the live music.  What the actual hell.  Could nobody else hear what was happening?FOODoh boy, here we go.  Like I mentioned before, I've been here three times.  Each time I told myself two things: (1) the chips and salsa are really good; and (2) I just ordered the wrong thing.  At this point, I've tried enough things to know that someone (everyone?) in the kitchen does not know what's going on.  As referenced under AMBIENCE, my first time here was for brunch.  I got to try the breakfast burrito and the huevos rancheros.  How bland and unimpressive both these dishes were... I feel that someone has to be trying to make the food taste bad for these things to taste as bad as they did.  Second time was for lunch: some "mexican" salad and quesadilla.  Again, how someone was able to take the ingredients and make them taste this bad is incomprehensible.  How do you make a quesadilla taste bad? I'm actually asking.  What do you have to do to a tortilla and melted cheese to make it taste bad?  I want to know so I can do this in the future for someone I HATE.final nail in coffin: dinner tonight.  We got a pitcher of house margs and ordered an assortment of tacos.  six in total: shrimp, fried shrimp, duck, "catch of the day," chicken, and brisket.  Margs: too sweet and too weak.  On to the bulk of my complaint... the food was disgusting and certainly not fresh.  As soon as our plates were set down, we were both overwhelmed by a wave of rank-ass fish odor.  Ok, fine, whatever, we were still going to give them a fair tasting.  I'm such an inner fatkid and even I couldn't finish my food.  The shrimp, chicken, and brisket were edible.  EDIBLE.  no more, no less.  merely. edible.  The duck made my friend gag -- I watched as a grown man struggled not to barf in the middle of a restaurant.  It was overly gamey and did not belong in a taco (his words: "it tasted like the duck was fed poop its whole life").  The "catch of the day" could not have been less fresh.  It was mushy, fishy, and tasteless -- 1.5 bites were had... between the both of us... I had to spit out half my bite. needless to say, we barely touched our entrees and what was eaten was a struggle to swallow.  I am flabbergasted as to how this restaurant is still in business.  with FOUR STARS.  I get that Charlotte isn't known for its mexican food, but... what? WHAT?! TL;DR -- after giving this place more than a fair chance, I made a pinky promise tonight to never ever EVER come here again.  sure, it's convenient.  sure, they have good chips and salsa.  but, no. just NO.
4	I've been here twice before and I've gotta say the salsa and chips are THEE BEST!!! It may not be the normal hole in the wall good Mexican joint but this place can run with the best of them. I got the half sized nachos with beef... And I thought they were the full size. Pretty cheap. If you order the nachos, leave the onions and green peppers off. I think this contributed to the weird flavor; but all in all it was really good. Service was good. I left my usual 20%.
3	Not really impressed. It's placed had been talked up by so many people I knew and was just pretty average to me. Definitely willing to try it again.
5	Excellent Mexican food, reasonable prices and very good lite margharitas.  We were very pleased with the food, service, cleanliness and price.  Highly recommended to Mexican food fans, though I wish the music had been better.
5	This place is amazing!Be careful with the chips & salsa because you will get full before your meal comes. Our server was awesome. She gave us the run through of the menu since it was our first time. The margaritas were good too. Food:Damn you chips & salsa! I was practically full by the time my burrito came. This thing was stuffed to the brim with some really awesome rice, beans, chicken, guac, salsa. I will definitely be going back.
4	Cantina ranks up there in the places I like to visit along East Blvd.  While the businesses across the street tend to change out time and time again, Cantina seems to have weathered pretty well and has become a "go-to" staple for me whenever I am craving some good eats.Recently visited on a Saturday for lunch and the crowd wasn't too bad.  They had streamlined there menu some and had a nice lunch menu to choose from.  I ended up having the Ancho Chicken Scaloppini & Cheese (Ancho chicken, caramelized poblano peppers and onions, melted Mexican cheeses) with a side chopped salad.  Dressing on the side, I only used about half of what they gave me but the salad was like crack and I could not get enough.  There were fresh avacados, chickpeas, jicama, greens, corn, black beans, and a whole lot of goodness packed into a small plate of salad.  The chicken on the sandwich was packed full of flavor.  My one comment was that some of the liquid from the chicken made the bread a bit soggy, but I powered through anyway.  The cheeses all melted in your mouth and I was stuffed in a good way for lunch that day.I know this place is pretty popular in the evenings, but the one thing that I do get annoyed with is the parking situation.  It's great if you live down the street and can walk, but unfortunately the parking lot - they have done the best with what they have, but I do feel awkward parking in front of employees cars (double parking) but I think they do valet too so they can put your car wherever.The patio is pretty amazing when the weather is cooperating.  And no visit to Cantina 1511 is complete without some tableside guacamole.
4	Excellent, just plain excellent.  Showed up with reservations with a large group (8) on a Thursday night.We were on a mission that night and had been sampling food all over Charlotte, and Cantina was the last stop.  We ordered the tableside Guacamole which was to die for.  Our server whipped it right up and it tasted perfect.  One thing however, we ordered 2 tableside guacamole's and they only prepared 1 tableside.  The other was just brought to us from the kitchen.  Not sure what's up with that.The Barbacoa was a crowd favorite, I have had this at the other location and it has been on point every time.  Duck Taco's, again a work of art.  3 on a plate and they did not disappoint.  I would highly recommend any of these dishes.Cantina is Tex Mex at it's finest.  Great location, great service, great food......roll credits.
4	Great dinner last night. Good atmosphere, friendly staff, and the enchiladas where excellent! You would think that good Mexican food would be easy to find in this city, but it's not! I've been here several times and I've  always had the same good experience. I will definitely be back.
1	Went to this spot to order some takeout.  Ordered an Enchilada and Taco combo, both beef, along with other items for the family.  The taco, which normally has a crispy shell, was thrown into the enchilada sauce.  The person bringing us our order did not check to ensure order accuracy.  I was upset about the taco being soggy and gross, and went on to the enchilada, and it was chicken instead of beef.  Two strikes in one menu item.  The family got chimichangas, which were alright but were also sitting in a thick puddle of water.  Their to go boxes are those that you would recieve an elementary school lunch in- styrofoam with segments.  The beans were thrown into one segment and the rice into another, allowing for cross contamination.  I'm pretty sure the beans should be in a separate container, at the very least.Bottom line, don't order takeout from here.  They don't take the time to ensure order accuracy, and they are not equipped with the proper boxes to handle takeout to begin with.
4	Cantina 1511 is great! Definitely check it out. The food is a bit higher priced that your average Mexican eatery but the quality of the food is higher as well... and Cantina is more Tex-Mex actually. The guacamole is fresh and fashioned up table side when you order. I'm a big fan of this as it makes the guacamole smoother and your server asks you your heat preference - great for spice lovers like myself!I had a crab meat quesadilla and side salad on one on my latest ventures and both were phenominal. Highly recommended. The margaritas are quite tasty as well, never too sour, and you have a vast menu to choose from, all in different styles and flavors. I tend to make friends with margaritas quite easily so eventually, I'm sure I will befriend them all. Multiple times. This joint gets busy busy, especially at night, so reservations are recommended here.
5	Visiting Charlotte & found this place on Yelp.  Food was awesome and would definitely go back.  Guacamole rocks!
3	This place is so good!  It's delicious, the drinks are great and the staff is very kind.  Love the brisket quesadilla. Go! And ask for Jamal
4	This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Charlotte. I love the Mexican barbecue (used to be called barbacoa). The pork is so flavorful! The chips and salsa are very good. I also love the mango margarita.
3	I wanted to like this place more, but it lacks the casual, laid-back atmosphere of most Tex-Mex joints, and the food doesn't warrant the higher price tab. We took our kids and I felt a little out of place in the slightly upscale setting. Might be nice for a date night, though. The tacos were terrific and margaritas first-rate, but you can enjoy pretty much the same meal at Paco's Tacos or Maverick Rock for a good bit less.
5	Always a GREAT mexican restaurant...the salsa is PERFECT!
5	Great service and a fun atmosphere. Can't beat the queso.
4	Delicious!Went here for a work dinner, and started off with a Mojito. Handmade in front of me, very good. Non of that pre-made mix crap!Salsa and chips are excellent, we did not order appetizers though the guac, and croquets sounded amazing!I ordered a steak burrito, with the queso on top...Um muy bueno!The burrito was warm, with a thick tortilla, and I was surprised to even find peas in it! The queso on top was a lovely creamy addition, and there was plenty of side items, lettuce, tomato, guac, sour cream if you needed them. Also on the side was their coleslaw, this stuff is amazing, I absolutely loved it.I will definately be back soon!
3	As with so many places (just about every place, perhaps), most factors depend on when you hit the joint.The good news is that the service is solid, just about every time. Friendly and on point, quick to attend to every need you might want in a restaurant.When it comes to the food, is when it is more hit and miss. The tableside guacamole has been good, though it's difficult to mess with this nearly ever-present starter.The real problem is that after this solid start to a meal, it can go downhill fairly easily. The offerings are good, but often turn out better on the menu than on the plate. It's not that they are bad, it's just that they aren't particularly memorable.Also, certain "standard" (Americanized?) dishes seem to be a bit more lacking than the more "authentic" options, so if you are feeling adventurous, take that route instead. For instance, the barbacoa seems to generally turn out well.As has been noted, the parking is iffy - so if you go at a busy time, you might find yourself looking around a bit in order to find a spot. At other times, it's a ghost town, so that's not an issue. If you can make it at an off time, then you might enjoy things a bit better, because you don't have to worry about parking and service will be a bit better to boot.
5	The waitress, Katey was awesome!! She was very knowledgeable about the menu and was able to provide suggestions about everything. I ordered the guacamole with crab and goat cheese and it was awesome. My partner ordered the short ribs with mashed potatoes and beans. He's still raving about the taste but wanted more vegetables. One of the best Mexican restaurant in Charlotte hands down !
5	Great food! Authentic Mexican!Loved the Barbacoa.Tip: Ask for their iced coffee, IT IS GOOD! If isn't on the beverage menu. Tastes like a smoothie!
3	I went with a group of friends, and there was a great atmosphere here. I didn't really care for the high stools at the table we were seated at, but there may be other options. The chips and salsa was probably some of the best I've had. The steak chimichanga I had there was pretty good. The texture was perfectly crispy, but the fillings (steak, veggies, rice) were realllly salty. Also, my bf ordered a drink, a double shot of tequila and for 9 bucks per shot, that was a $20 drink! That's a bottle! Anyway, overall it was a good night and the prices were somewhat high for casual Mexican, but I might try this place again.
1	I used to LOVE Cantina!  I am really upset Frank sold it to some group that is COMPLETELY incompetent.  We first walked in without being addressed at all by the hostess.  We had to just start speaking.  We got Brittanie as our waitress and before we ordered she took the menus.  Luckily, I had one in our seat by the booth to pass around to all the people so we could order from it.  My friend had to ask for water over 4 times.  We ordered an appetizer and immediately after it came our entree's came as well.  All she could say was "oops your entrees came fast!  hehehehe."  She charged me for 3 drinks instead of two and took 10 minutes to bring our checks after we said we were in a hurry.  This really ruined it for me.  Bring back Frank to whip them into shape!
4	Great guacamole here. We visited during a slow time and got to enjoy a very chilled out atmosphere. The food and drinks were delicious and obviously very fresh. The service was solid too! I will return.
3	I had high hopes for this popular Dilworth spot. Overall service and ambiance was great, but the food didn't quite live up to my standards for "authentic" Mexican cuisine. The table side guacamole was well done and I enjoyed my tequila flight, but my main dish--enchiladas de pollo--was kind of a cheese-drowned mess. I enjoy cheese as much as the next guy, but not when it's used to bludgeon your taste buds into submission rather than as a complement to a well-flavored dish. The rest of my party seemed to enjoy their meals, and I hear good things about the barbacoa, so I'll probably give Cantina another shot.
4	Cantina 1511 is a very nice Tex-Mex restaurant. The service was great. Our waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable of the menu. The ambiance screams modern mexico with an American twist. From the outside walking in, Good luck finding parking, I had to park on the street because parking is limited. Luckily the neighborhood is a pretty good one so I had no problem with that. I had the "Enchiladas de Pollo" which was pretty damn good to me (it was plated nicely/ could of been better but I'm not picky about that). Yes, it was on the cheesy side but I like cheese. The chicken was a little dry, that's were all that cheese came into play. I think they would of had a 5-star dish on their hands if they brined the chicken first and then grilled it. Overall I was happy with my dish. The dinner party I was with had the some of the dishes pictured, 1. Chimichanga (looked F'n Delicious) 2. Ancho Chicken Quesadillas (the chicken chunks were actually pretty big). No one complained about their food but I can say the prices were moderately higher than your average Mexican restaurant, that would be a major downfall for me to go back to Cantina on a regular basis. If your ever in Charlotte of course I would inform you to check out this place for any special occasion. Just make sure your ready to spend a little more on Mexican food.
4	Always a great choice, one of my favorites and I'm rarely disappointed with the food or service. The atmosphere is lively and exciting, great full bar, and incredible cantina Mexican dishes. LOVE the salmon and the mango salsa - I want to buy it by the carton! Only con: parking is consistently a terrible experience. The valet is fine and helpful but on busy nights it's tempting to just scurry off to another place and avoid the whole mess.
4	Stopped here after an event at the Mint museum. Since I was with the kiddo's we ordered the nacho's with beef, along with mahi mahi taco's for me. Nacho's were immense and loaded - big enough for four people! The homemade queso was great, btw. Fish taco's were ok, but I've had better in CLT. Overall vibe is great here, service was average.
2	Another Mexican place that makes Americanized Mexican food that reliance a on lots of cheese and salsa.  Nearly everything looks and tastes the same.  If you want American Mexican, flowing chips and salsa and sweet margaritas, there is always a crowd.
5	We've been to the Ballantyne version of this restaurant before, but this was our first time at the Dilworth location. I think the menu is similar or nearly identical, but this time we had some items we'd never had before and it was all absolutely fabulous. I had not been expecting it. The appetizer we ordered was something about Pig Wings and it was out of this world. The grilled and glazed pork pieces were exceedingly tender, flavorful and rich. The richness was gorgeously balanced by the acidity of the slaw and pickled red onions. Then I had their fish of the day (mahi mahi) cooked in a unique Spanish style casserole with garlic, pine nuts artichokes and Spanish sweet potato. Incredible. My husband loved his roasted carnitas (pork).  Best food in a LONG time, for a great price
5	Anytime I move to a new place, one of my first priorities is to find a go-to Mexican spot. Luckily, Cantina 1511 was the first one I tried, and I've never looked back. The salsa is probably the best I've ever had, perfect combination of salty and spicy (but not too spicy :)), and the chips are the perfect thickness. Every single time I have gone for dinner, I have ordered the chicken tacos (Ancho Pollo). The beans and rice it is served with creates the perfect compliment to the exciting blend of Ancho chicken, avocado, pica de gallo and chipotle sauce. Absolutely perfect. And the brunch! Goodness, the Avocado Bake is absolutely fantastic. "Citrus poached eggs nestled inside a warm Hass Avocado, topped with melted mixed cheese and habanero crema, served atop a sizzling Al Pastor potato hash and garnish with roasted corn salsa." Seriously, get it.Oh..and they have Living Social and Groupon deals quite frequently..be sure to check before your next visit for a great deal!
4	My wife and I went for our anniversary. It's not exactly the typical anniversary spot...but we wanted to go.  Here's a quick run down..Parking - comp valet, otherwise, it's a bit of a pain...but it's DilworthAtmosphere - fun, just loud enough to feel like you can talk Food - the guacamole is amazing...must get this! Chips were nice and fresh.  We had the Al Pastor Taco - very tasty. The Tejas (brisket) taco was good. The Barbacoa Pork was very tasty as well. We split all this and were more than satisfied. Dessert was the Quatro Leches...very sweet and good.When we go again, I will get the  Al Pastor in a Barbacoa set up. Service - we have had better, but we aren't picky about this when the food is so good.We will be going back.
1	We had a reservation at 7:30 for a party of 12 for a birthday party. We arrived at 7:20 and were told our tables were almost ready, that a previous party was finishing up at our table. Not a problem. 815 we were still waiting and the manager said she had an idea, she could place a table at the end of the booth, but it was going to be too cramped, then she suggested 2 booths, splitting up the party, which defeated the point of being all together for a birthday party. The manager was nice but the hostesses were very rude and snotty behind our backs as we waited to see if our original reserved tables were ready. We heard the hostesses bad mouthing our entire party, mainly the birthday girl, and were very upset with how they were talking about us with us right there. We addressed the situation to the same manager who was helping us and she apologized and said everyone was on edge because the owner was in that night. Really? I'd hate to see service on a night he wasn't there! About 830 we finally sat down at 2 different booths against what we wanted, but it was late and we were all hungry. You would think that with the problems this far service would be top notch, WRONG! We waited another 10-15 mins before our waitress even came to see what we wanted to drink, then took forever to receive waters, and a bucket of beer. We were right next to the bar, we would have had faster service walking up to the bar individually. We were promised free guacamole for our troubles with the RSVP but that too seemed like it would never come out. Our other table had a little better service then we did from another waiter. Our other table received their food before ours was even ordered, we finally got our food around 915-930, few orders wrong and the birthday girls food was nowhere to be found. Another manager walked by and we had had it at this point. We addressed the food and drink issues and how long we had been there, drinks and correct food came out very quickly after that. But before that our waitress came over and yelled at one in our party who's food came out wrong. She said it was his fault and she asked him 4 different times what he wanted, well why in the hell did it come out wrong then?! The nerve of her to yell at a customer! The original manager came over towards the end of dinner and told the birthday girl she hoped her night got better, laughed at us and walked away. Rudest service hands down. We did get some of our bill comped, but by then it didn't matter, food was cold, served wrong or not served at all, and all by the rudest wait staff in Charlotte. We will never attend Cantina again and plan on making a complaint with the owner and telling all of our experience.
2	Food was good, service was ok. Beware however that a "pitcher" of house margarita is in fact, a carafe- and more importantly is TWENTY EIGHT FREAKING DOLLARS. Friends and I were there on Saturday. My friend ordered us a pitcher of margaritas- granted, she did not have a menu when she ordered it but $28? If it was $28 I would at least expect something bigger than a carafe! I'll put a picture of said pitcher in the photos...
5	New to the Charlotte area and I'm not gonna play the I can't give something 5 stars cause nothing is perfect gig. I have it 5 stars because for what it is the place has perfected their craft. Valet parking recommended otherwise parking is tight around dinner time. Our waiter Carlos was energetic and very knowledgeable of all the dishes. Suggestions were appreciated because it lead to try duck for the first time.We ordered the table side guac because of how good we heard it was and they made it to your preference right there next to you. My girlfriend got fresh margaritas, and chicken enchiladas which had a spinach and cheese filling and a queso sauce on top. I ordered 3 tacos, carne asada in chunks, duck breaded with cilantro, and shrimp and scallop with a spicy sauce. All equipped with taco kickstands when you need a break. They're size is deceiving, they're super filling. All the toppings were fresh, taste buds were tingly. Portions were big enough to fill you up and bring home leftovers. Overall an excellent dining experience. Will be going back for sure.
5	I've been here a number of times, but tonight really inspired me to write a review.A-MAZ-ING.A friend and I visited, pretty late at night, and on a whim, decided to share one of the "family style" meals on the back flap of the menu.  We got the fish/seafood combination, which was three courses of seafood... the first was fried appetizers of shrimp, whitefish, zucchini, and calamari with delicious dipping sauces.  The second course was a paella with mussels, scallops, fish and shrimp, and dessert was a delicious tres leches cake.WOW.Everything was superb.  I love they offer local microbrews and the traditional Mexican favorites.  (Let's be honest, is there anything better than Negra Modelo or Dos Equis???)I've been many times before, but can't wait to go back!
4	This was the first dinner we had on a recent trip to Charlotte to visit friends. Cantina 1511 was recommended by my friend's coworker so none of us really knew what to expect. The food was much more high end compared to what I was expecting, so if you're looking for a good ol' messy cheese covered burrito, this probably isn't the place to go. They had a really good looking list of tacos, but I ended up trying the crab quesadilla. Per the recommendation of the waiter, I added shrimp. The server told us the chef was a great seafood cook...no disagreements here, I loved it! Very different, but if you like seafood, it's a solid meal. Honestly, there were a lot more items on the menu that sounded amazing and I would've loved to try, but the prices were really steep. We chose to split a picture of the blue margarita and honestly, it was nothing special. When the servers (not our waiter) brought the food out, he spilled my boyfriend's drink all over him. The owner and our waiter apologized, comped his meal, and brought two fresh drinks over on the house. We compared the two side by side, and the new drinks definitely had a little/lot of extra love (and by love I mean tequila).  If you're going to drink here, skip the pitcher and go with the individual drinks.  I can't say enough good things about our waiter we had there. He also mentioned that during the summer he plays music out on the patio, so if you like live music, definitely come by in the summer to check it out. All in all: great place, awesome food and service, not the best drinks in the world.
5	This review will be short - because my visit was super short as well.The boy and I showed up late Sunday afternoon for an early dinner/late lunch/super late breakfast and were quickly seated in the bar area.  The lighting was very dim - good if you want a romantic date, bad if you want to read the menu.  Anyways, we had a Living Social voucher to redeem so we ordered tons of food - starting with the table side guac.  The server brought us chips and salsa and was just about to show up with the guac when the power went out - twice.  Apparently the power went out and then their backup generator failed.  Turns out the power wasn't expected to be back on for a few hours so we enjoyed our guac by candlelight and were also serenaded by the waiter....Our real meal never happened - obviously - no power, but I liked the way that they handled the unexpected situation and darn, now I have to go back!
5	I've been a Cantina fan at both locations, but I prefer the East Blvd. location as it has more character. The Ballantyne location is pretty cookie cutter in terms of a strip mall location. This review is for the East Blvd. location.My Mom was in town, and with one meal a couple of years ago I've made her a Cantina fan as well. She insists on Cantina at least once every time she visits. No problem here. :PThe day we visited was for lunch on either 3/31 or 4/1, I can't remember. Must always for me: table-side guac and the Marco Polo Tacos. I really do want to try different entrees, but every time I do, I wish I ordered those darn tacos. I'm sold on them. We ordered the table-side guac, I ordered the Marco Polo Tacos, and my mom ordered the Wild Mushroom Quesadilla. The guac, as usual, was super fresh, bright with the lime and spices. My tacos were amazing as expected, and plated enticingly (first time I've seen their new plating for these). The chopped salad with the tacos is always so good, very fresh and a welcome change from the regular side salad you get with any meal at different restaurants. My mom loved her quesadilla. The one thing I wasn't that happy with was the blood orange margarita. It almost had the taste of a machine margarita, and definitely had way too much mixer. It would be nice to see these with real blood oranges shining through in the winter/early spring as they are in season.Our service was very good. Our waitress checked on us often, offered suggestions and recommendations, and was very friendly.Please, Cantina 1511 - don't lose the atmosphere on the move to Park Road Shopping Center. :( Don't become cold like the Ballantyne location. :(
4	I have only been twice and ordered the same thing each time. Each time the food was awesome! Great prices for a quick lunch. The system was down the second time I came in during lunch time and the bar tender at the time handled the messy situation with so much grace and kept a smile on his face the entire time! I forgot his name but he has short brown hair, skinny and kind of tall... Anyway.. Looking forward to coming back and trying more menu items and I'm sure he drinks here are awesome as well.. Side note: the two times I have been in the bar rags smelled of mildew after the wiping of the counter tops. Something to be mindful of in the future (if staff of management happens to be reading this)I'll for sure be back for a third time!! Xo
4	I was actually pleasantly surprised... moving here from AZ, I was leary about trying out a Mexican restaurant but it did meet my needs. The guac made at the tableside I highly recommend. I went with the fajitas and they did not disappoint. Large amount of food as well so I had plenty to take home for leftovers. Food went nicely with an ice cold Dos Equis amber on tap!
5	The food is sooo good! I've been here tons of times. The tacos, chimichanga, Nutella desert and so many other dishes are amazing!
5	I am from California so it has been a challenge for me to find the best mexican food in Charlotte. When I came to Cantina 1511, I have to say I found something that matched up pretty closely. I have been here twice and both times the staff have been so helpful, they are always there to offer suggestions and every time they have been correct. I have gotten the margarita sampler and that was really good. The blood orange one was delicious. The guacamole is really fresh and tasty. I like my guacamole spicy and it wasn't really spicy but I am sure if you ask they will adjust it for you. They give you a salsa that is mildly spicy but they have a spicy one so if you like spicy food ask for the spicy one. You will not be disappointed. The food was delicious too, the first time I got cheese enchilada and I thought it was too cheesy (like way to cheesy) but the second time I got a veggie enchilada and it was much better. Overall, a great place to have great mexican food in Charlotte.
4	Was pretty good I thought. This is a slightly more upscale Mexican place so they fancy things up a bit and charge more for it. The chicken enchiladas with a creamy sauce on them I had were good and reasonably priced. The beans were good, rice sorta blah. I also had a  Los 1511 Margarita which was very good and had lots of fresh lime but it was not $12 good in a 10 ounce glass. To start with I had the table side made guacamole which was excellent and a decent serving size. I would go here again.
5	Best upscale Mexican food in Charlotte by far.  They have two locations but this is the one we go to most often.  My favorite dish is the crap and avocado quesadilla.  Table-side guacamole is the best I may have ever had.  Nice outdoor seating and really kind and helpful wait staff.  Unique selection of drinks, try the pineapple margarita.
4	I am from Florida and was craving a good Mexican experience after not having a good experience the day before. I went on Yelp again to search for a good Mexican restaurant and this place came up. We ordered the house margarita, two fish tacos, and one chicken taco. The margaritas  were bigger than we expected (not that I'm complaining). The tacos were freshly made and well seasoned. The side items included were black beans over rice and coleslaw. Both were excellent and fresh. Our service was great overall. It took a few minutes to get our drink order but the waiter apologized for the wait and was very attentive after.
3	Food is good, service is just ok. The place is dirty. Tables left not bused and not wiped and floor covered with chips etc. just ok
3	Was ok. Glad we tried it. Heard lots about it but nothing to write home about. Food just normal. Nothing spectacular. Was a birthday lunch. Much better places. Just ok
4	Great portion size. Meal tastes even better than it looks. Incredible drinks and attentive staff  Will definitely return.
5	Very good place for table side guacamole. The chimichanga is delicious but you might share it with someone because it's big. Highly recommend the tres leches for dessert, incredibly rich and flavorful. I enjoy going to this place for dinner.
5	I've tried different Mexican restaurants in the area and no-one has better food or chips and salsa than cantina. Never had anything I didn't like. Even their salads are fantastic. If anything, it just keeps getting better.
5	YES! This is the place for great food and trendy setting
5	This place is amazing!! A little different selection than the norm, but who wants normal?
4	I like Cantina, but I wish they'd cut their portions and prices by about 30%. Tonight I had the chicken enchiladas. They were very good and served in a mini cast iron skillet which was a nice touch. I'll be interested to see if they change anything up when they move from their current East Blvd location to Park Road Shopping Center.
2	Overpriced and overrated. The steak was dry, the service was poor. Had to ask for a new server cause she didn't come by for 10 minutes to greet us. I watched 2 other couples get sat with chips and salsa while our table was empty. Manager comped some guacamole but that still doesn't make it okay. Drinks were expensive, rice was gross. The only part I liked which is the reason for the second star is their shrimp taco I had.
5	Great Mexican food!  Food was out quickly after the orders, and reservations made for a short wait for a table.  Making reservations through the Yelp app was extra convenient.  Would definitely go back!
3	Good food, great margarita and ok guacamole. The staff was very attentive to our drinks and appetizers. Although it took them 1 hour to take our dinner order. If that wasn't a problem, I would rate higher.
5	The service was excellent, so was the food: we had the guacamole, the pork belly tacos and the nachos for starters. Everything was delicious and came out promptly, specially the pork belly tacos. I had tacos, duck, beef and Texas, delicious as well.
5	We had the pulled pork tacos and Marco pollo taco and Tejas taco. Everything was delicious!  Very unique dishes, we haven't seen these menu options at other Mexican restaurants.  Great prices, excellent service.
4	Authentic Mexican food is tough to find in Charlotte but this place does a solid job of bridging that need. Reservations were easy enough. This places uses opentable. The ambiance is very family oriented; don't be surpised to see children and families dining there for dinner. I got the enchildas and they came with rice and beans. Although I got only two, the meal was large enough that it filled me up. Food was flavorful and fresh.
4	Great house margaritas and excellent guacamole!
4	Was there celebrating my best friend birthday I had reservations.  We had an table on the patio there was live music which made the evening better that area is first come no reservations needed. The food was amazing and the service was great !! It was our first time I will be coming back !! I would like to go to the new park road location coming soon !!
2	I havent eaten here in years but it was my best friends birthday yesterday and this where she wanted to go. We called thursday over and over until someone picked up to try and make reservations. They said their system was down so we could not make any. First off a company should not rely so heavily on technology that if a system goes down, theyre screwed. Its called pen and paper and works wonders. Second, someone should ALWAYS answer the phone, thats completely unacceptable. Called about 20 more times on Friday and was not able to get through at all. They dont even have an answering machine. That is horrible customer service. Instead we ate at Dandelion Market uptown and it was delicious.
2	Cantina, pull it together. I was super excited to try the new Park Road location and even more excited that they were opening for weekend brunch, but this experience was one miss after another. I'm hoping it's just because they're in a new location and trying to get acclimated, but...We got there on a Sunday at 9:00 am when they open, and I wasn't sure we'd walked in the correct door because there was a ladder in the lobby and numerous cardboard boxes, and construction workers were milling around. A guy walked up to me, and I asked if they were open; he said they were, gave us his name (but I still have no idea if was the owner, manager, etc.), and proceeded to take us on a tour of the new location. Call me cranky, but it's early on a Sunday morning, and I haven't had any coffee - just seat me and feed me! He let us pick where to sit, which some might appreciate, but I can't make decisions before coffee, and the new location is so huge, I felt overwhelmed. He also came over again mid-meal to tell the fella how they have TVs and the NFL Sunday Ticket in case he's into football or fantasy football. Our waiter was super weird. He kept trying to pronounce the words on the menu in Spanish (being funny?), so he asked us how we liked the "Mehican" food and tried rolling his r's. It was awkward to say the least. He rarely made eye contact with us because he was watching the TV over our shoulder. He also never refilled our drinks, and when I finally asked about more coffee, he forgot. I waited and waited, and when I finally saw him again, he told me they were out of coffee and it was brewing. This was at 9:25 when they'd been open for 25 minutes, there were literally 4 people in the place, and one of them - the fella - wasn't even drinking coffee. The cup he finally brought me was so bad I couldn't even drink it. Thankfully the waitress for other couple saw that we were out of water and refilled that.Onto the food... I got the Mexican Lager Pancakes with bananas, scrambled eggs, and bacon. The bacon was way spicier than I'd planned on, but the pancakes were good. The banana slices come in the batter (much like they do other places), but our waiter made a scene out of yelling to the kitchen staff that there were no bananas, and then he made me cut into my pancakes to prove that they were in there. For. The. Love. The fella got the Chorizo Burrito, which was deliciousy cheesy. Oddly enough, our waiter brought chips and salsa to our table... at 9:00 a.m.Alllll that said, the new location is bright and spacious, and I'm glad for the ample parking. I'll try again, but not for a loooong time til I let you guys try it out and give me the "all clear" to go back.
3	My husband and I just moved to Charlotte and were looking for a new favorite Mexican Restaurant. This was not it. There was no al a cart menu and no chicken mole (two things we like to order/ off of.) While the prices were steep the food was ok. They were completely out of there house margarita by 7 pm which sucks Bc that's my favorite kind of drink and I hadn't anticipated the price of what they did have available (they still are not serving half their drink menu understandable they just opened.) The staff was friendly but I was waiting for my drink to be refilled a couple times (not so good when your eating spicy food). The place was good but not for the price or the wait. I think my brother was right, the best Mexican restaurant is a shady one.
1	I walked in this restaurant with a group of 4. The restaurant was not busy. The hostess was not friendly. She seated us at a table located close to the bar and in the walk way. It would have been very awkward to sit there and eat. When asked for another table she was very unhappy and said told us we had to wait. Wait for what!? Needless to say we left. I can not comment on the food.
2	We used to go to the East Blvd location all the time so we finally were able to get to the Park Rd location yesterday. The inside looks nice, the service at the bar was good, but was so disappointed in everything else.They downsized the tortilla chip bowls. The red salsa, which we loved, was mega salty. When my husband, who loves salt, says something is salty, it's salty. We can no longer order a pint of beer. It's either 12 or 20 oz. Yet the price for the 12oz is the same as the old pint.  The table side guac, one of our faves, was salty. My vegan burrito was salty and I found traces of goat cheese in it. My husbands enchilada was salty.  Seriously, put down the salt shaker!  We are hoping this was just a fluke because for all the years we were going to the East Blvd location we never had a bad anything.  We'll be back and hoping for a better food experience.
4	Cantina is a great spot for Mexican food.  They have a fun atmosphere, some excellent guacamole, and overall delicious food.  I particularly enjoy the fish tacos.
1	I loved this restaurant at the East Blvd location and we were excited to try the new location at Park Road.It was one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had.-Host staff was rude and quoted us a 30 min wait. After 35 min I politely asked our place on the list. 5 people ahead of us. Really? Also host staff were rude- After a 50 minute wait we were finally seated. Our party could barely hear each other over the "musician"-appetizers took  25 min to arrive. Queso was disgusting, Qdoba across the street has better  food overall -entrees arrived after an hour of being seated. Food was bland and cold-Waited 20 min for the checkBest part of this meal was going home. Horrible service, horrible food, horrible experience. Sad because I used to love the margaritas and tacos here
4	Good job! We went to old one on East Blvd & it was horrible. Here, it was great! Live music, fresh food, great new decor, friendly staff. We will be back!
4	This restaurant has it's pluses and minuses. With Yelp, we made reservations for 7:00 on the patio. We were seated within 10 minutes on a busy Saturday. The new location is much nicer, airier than the East Blvd. location. I really love the atmosphere and decor. Our waitress was pleasant. I ordered a house margarita which was sweet and not very strong. For dinner, I had the Marco Polo tacos. The tacos were excellent. However, the rice and refried beans were dry and bland. For atmosphere and service, I give it a 5. For food and drinks, I give it a 3.5. So I averaged it out to a 4.
4	Interesting concept. I was genuinely impressed by this place. I ordered the lunch steak quesadillas and they were pretty good. What stood out from me was the level of service by our waitress. She knew just about everything i asked her and she was very attentive to my needs. 5 stars for her. My 1511 margarita with herradura tequila was average at best. It was way too sour for my taste. This place is much more expensive than most mexican restaurants. $17 for steak fajitas seems a little overkill for me. Overall though not a bad place.
5	This has to be one of the best places in North Carolina. Starting with the chips and the very flavorful salsa to the main dish this place is amazing. All of the the tacos are unique and they all have different ideas. Personally the duck taco is my favorite, but feel free to explore the menu. If you live, or are just visiting Charlotte don't miss out on this great experience
4	This place is neck to neck with Chuy's near Southpark Mall.  Amazing food, especially those Chicken Enchiladas!  So glad I ordered the guacamole, it was made perfectly table side.  The drinks were ok, nothing great about their house margaritas.  I would definitely recommend it for a nice dinner with friends.
3	Oh how I wish I could have given this very popular place more stars. I don't know, maybe because I grew up in a Mexican neighborhood in Chicago, or that I lived on the West Coast for years, but I have a certain expectation for Mexican food that I have really yet to find here in Charlotte (except at a couple of dive joints down South Blvd). Anyway, I know the whole story about the South African owner, and JWU trained Chefs, blah blah blah. But here's the story....the food just isn't that spectacular. It isn't. The guacamole was good, but had TOO much line and not enough salt to bring out the flavors. It could have used more red onion as well. The chips were good, but lacked salt and didn't seem that fresh to me. The Orange and Spice Crusted Pork Tenderloin was average, and the pork was well done, not a pink center which I asked for. The "crust" part was tough to chew, and I just couldn't finish the dish because of it. I got their "spicy" Margarita and while good, I didn't get the whole "spicy" flavor that our lovely Community Manager Nikki raved about. I'm thinking, WHERE'S THE HEAT? It did say SPICY didn't it??? UggggThe highlight of the evening was them giving us the Queso and tortilla as a complimentary extra. Now THAT was really good....honestly the only reason I'm giving this place 3 stars instead of 2.The restaurant is really loud, and very busy. Which is a good sign. But I'm convinced that the good folks of Charlotte just haven't had a really GREAT, AUTHENTIC Mexican restaurant yet. When you do, you'll see just how different and BETTER it is than all these Tex/Cali Mex places that exist in Charlotte.Look, this is a decent place for sure. Will I come back? Probably, and just get a darn Burrito, Chimi, Quesaidilla or Fajita. Maybe they do those the best?
4	My first trip to the new location. Despite the parking issues I really prefer the old location. This new one is an open space and LOUD!!!!You have to yell across the table to converse. This is the concept that many places use to attract the younger crowd although we boomers are a much larger market.   We had reservations but had to wait for a table. After making an ass of myself about this I was informed that a reservation only moves you to the head of the wait list when you show up. This used to be called "call ahead" whereas a reservation should hold you a table. It was a good thing we got there early on a Wednesday evening because at 730 when we left the line was out the door.   Thankfully our waitstaff was excellent as was the food!  chicken chimi for me and crab quesadilla for my bride.
4	Love this place! Came here the first time for my dad's birthday at the original location on East blvd. knocked one star off because the original location was way better. Not digging the shopping center feel. Loved the enchilada, fish and pork tacos, queso fundido and guac amazing. The burger was even delicious. I doubt you'll walk away unsatisfied. In the mood for Mexican check them out!
2	Where is the good old Cantina 1511?! Bad location! Slow service, bad ambience.. Few years ago it was my favorite Mexican restaurant, not anymore!
5	Best. Service. Ever. The waitress had our chips and salsa refilled before we asked for more, and everything was fast. The food came out quickly and was awesome. We also had the queso fundito, it is so neat! They have $4 mimosas and bloody Mary's on Sunday, along with a brunch menu.
4	Great food and service the menu covers a wide variety of taste and flavors this place is great we came back for brunch and OMG and waiter Manny was the best we will be back again and again
2	This meal was a big disappointment, food was not special and service was bad.  we choose to sit at bar as tables were unavailable. Had to wave bartender down to place an order, service was the worst I have experienced in years, there were a total of 7 people at the whole bar which made it so surprising .  All food was cold, and they had back waiters bring it out, could never get refills on beer, actually got worse at the end. Got desert to go since it took so long, tres lechees was terrible. I have been a regular at this groups restaurants for years as they have grown, first time I felt like I was at a chain restaurant. Hope we just had bad luck but I won't go back to that location again.
3	First and last trip to new location.  Food was 4 star worthy.  Service (once seated) and wait staff excellent. However, new location is loud, open, more bar-ish, and LOUD. We had reservations, showed up on time, and then waited 25 min to be seated.  Had we been told that they don't really do reservations we would have gone someplace else. Had we known it was going to be this loud we would have gone somewhere else. We wanted a nice date night.  Had we wanted club level sounds we would have gone to a club. Loved the old location on East Blvd.  Was good ambiance, food and service.  We never had to wait when we made reservations.  We will miss you Cantina 1511.
1	I've been patiently waiting to visit Cantina 1511 as it prepared to move to Park Road Shopping Center.  'I'll wait till they move to revisit (had great experiences many times in the past)."  "When they move to Park Road, parking will be better, I'll wait". "Ok, they've moved and re-opened, but no liquor license, doesn't work for 'Girls Night', I'll wait".  A month later, stop by for dinner on a Saturday night, 6:30, one hour wait, "Good for them, doesn't work for me tonight, movie plans, "I'll wait" Went today for lunch just before noon, no wait, Awesome.  Very attentive service, very nice wait staff, had all of our drinks refilled 4 times, mainly because it took nearly an hour for our food to arrive.  No special orders, basic burritos, torta.  Sorry, there was ONE special order: Big Burrito but without meat, no problem!  Food was decent for the most part, but the fries were cold and wimpy, and none of us had ever seen green peas in a  burrito before, or celery, but who were we to judge?!So, overall, Meh experience so far.  Got the check, paid, wrapping up conversation when a MOUSE runs out from next to my chair and I watch it run clear across the restaurant floor underneath people's tables past their feet.  I am not an alarmist and don't generally draw attention to the negatives.  On my way out, I asked very discreetly, to speak to a manager, thinking he should know.  He was totally unfazed. Told me there had been other 'sightings' of mice, just hadn't been able to see where they were coming from, told me they would 'probably' call their exterminator to set traps. I told him exactly where 'my' mouse came from and he said 'ok, sorry about that. How was everything else?'    Poor response.  Maybe he shouldn't have told me that there were other sightings, but he offered that info and it was disturbing that no action had already been taken.  Not really wanting to eat where mice are running around and doing their thing.Again, wait staff was very good, kitchen could have been quicker, great guacamole, but the mouse did me in (not to mention the lack of concern by the management).Sorry to say Goodbye Cantina, it was good while it lasted.
3	Don't love the new location and service is not as good as it once was.  Still good food, but it has a cheaper strip mall feel to it which keeps me from wanting to go.I might make this a strictly take-out destination from here on out.
5	I went for brunch last Sunday - after seeing the wait over at the Flying Biscuit - I am SOOO glad we did! This was our first visit to their new location. At first, we weren't sure they were open, even though Yelp said they would be - there were few cars and no one visible from just outside the door. We went in anyway and there were only 2 parties in the joint. After just a moment, someone came to the front and seated us in our own section.I was not expecting the 5-star experience we had after that initial feeling of "should we do this?"I didn't see any booths and the place has an open layout - so I can imagine it being noisy as other posters have stated....but at breakfast, it was nice and quiet.... once lunch time started in earnest toward the end of our visit, the kid-noise-level increased. (note - it is never acceptable to allow your child to run around a restaurant screaming.)It was nearly 10:30, so the server said we could choose either brunch or lunch - and when I indicated brunch - he walked me through some of the specialities on the menu with such passion, I wanted to order everything. I have to go back to try  2 of the recommendations - but this first time, I really wanted Huevos Rancheros. We were given a bowl of chips and salsa and our coffees. Odd mix, but in the spirit of being at a Mexican restaurant on a Sunday morning, it worked. I loved the huevos rancheros and will have to struggle very hard to order something else on my next visit. If you're not familiar with the dish - it is basically 2 eggs over a quesadilla with black beans. Sounds plain - but chefs will create all sorts of rifs on the sauce, the cheese, the other add-ins, and 1511 does it perfectly. The ranchero sauce was delicious, the black beans were perfectly done. I can't wait to go back and try the Avocado Bake! And the benedict. If you and I are friends and you want to go one weekend, just let me know!
5	My husband and I visited Cantina 1511 last weekend. When we walked in the door we were immediately pleased with the decor, its fun and bright and the restaurant feels spacious. I ordered off of the brunch menu, Eggs Benedict served in avocado slices, it was fantastic! My husband ordered the Mexican street food sampler and he loved it. Our waitress was friendly and attentive and we will definitely be back!
4	Since moving from East Blvd., we haven't visited until today for lunch.  Very pleased with the service, decor, and lunch menu.  I ordered their appetizer platter, and my wife ordered the mushroom quesidillas.  Both were excellent and piping hot.  Chips and salsa aplenty.  My only tick to 4 v. 5 stars was the taste of each offering seemed close in flavor to the other offerings we ordered.  All the food was very good and pleasantly presented.  Each piece just needed a nudge to differentiate itself from others on the plate.  That said, we'll be back!
3	The Good:- The 5-cheese appetizer was delicious.- Our server refilled out water and sweet teas without prompting.- The food arrived quickly.The Bad:- The Chimichanga had corn inside (it wasn't listed on the menu).- The soup one party member ordered was not delivered as an appetizer as requested, but instead was delivered with the rest of the entrees.- The prices recently went up (December, 2014) which means that two taco's now cost $12 (previously, they were $10). That 20% price increase is seen across the menu.
2	We went to Cantina on a busy Saturday night. It was loud like others have commented but that didn't bother me too much. The service was about a C- and the food a D. The server was friendly enough but didn't get refills, she didn't clear dirty plates either. It was a larger group so maybe that had something to do with it. I had tacos and they were really bland. Half the table thought the food was just ok, and the other half just not good.
2	Decided to check it out with our family of five after finishing a movie nearby. It was overpriced and the food came out cold. My husband and I ordered the chicken pollo enchiladas. They came out in a reasonable time, but were cold in the middle. They were also a bit chewy as if they had been frozen and then nuked in the microwave. I also had the  corn tortilla soup which was ok, but a bit too oily. My older child had the chopped salad, which was bland and came with beets which ruined the flavor. The salsa was good, though, with a bit of a smokey flavor. We sent our cold dishes back, which is something we rarely do, and it was hotter when it came back. The bill for the five dishes, one of them off the child's menu, ( 2 of them the smaller portions), water to drink and no appetizers came to over $70 before tip.  Nice enough staff and pretty decor, but with so many other choices around, we won't be going back.
4	I love this restaurant. Mexican is one of my favorite categories of food and this I would say is more of a trendy tex-mex place.I didn't take any pictures of my meals, but i've been here 3 times now and left satisfied and full!I've tried the goat cheese croquetas, pig wings, pork belly tostada, the Mexican plate that supposedly changes, fajitas, steak azteca, and fried plantains.I have to say EVERY appetizer I've had here has been PHENOMENAL. it's different than anything else you could. The flavor, presentation, and satisfaction are all there.Now for the entrees that I've tried- i'm not super impressed. I prefer fajitas from a cheap Mexican place. The steak was good- but I could make something at home just as good. The chicken was the same. However, the sides that came with all of those were outstanding.The atmosphere was noisy. I went twice on Friday nights and there was a significant wait, i suggest calling ahead. The other time was a Wednesday night and they seated us right away. The restaurant wasn't packed, but still noisy.I haven't tried a drink there yet though! I would give it 5 stars if the entrees were as amazing as the appetizers.
