4	For attached to a mall it is good food and classy decor.  Reasonable rates.
3	I've been to Firebird's twice now.  The first time, I tried the pepper crusted sirloin.  I really wasn't impressed, and questioned whether or not I should even come back.  The steak seemed overcooked, and was very salty.  I had also tried the seared ahi tuna, which was outstanding.  I would say their beer selection is lacking.  The second visit, I had the seared ahi tuna again, smoked wings (very good as well, very tender), coconut shrimp (eh, I'm not big into fried things.. I could do without, nothing special).  I then tried one of their specials, flounder.  I was really happy, and the serving size was huge.  Maybe it was all the appetizers .... (heh), but I was stuffed half way through.  I had a friend who had a horrible time, had to send his steak back twice.  All in all, I think the food here is decent, stay away from the steak, stick with the fish.
5	My favorite restaurant in Charlotte. The best prime rib anywhere.  The BLT salad is a standing starter for us.
5	BEST meal I've ever had.  Went there tonight for 33rd wedding anniversary .everything was perfect, service, food, drinks were all outstanding . And for very little more than if we'd gone to outback. A+for this restaurant.
3	This place is okay, slightly over rated. Their menu has a small selection and is fine for people looking for a limited selection of steak and seafood entrees. The atmosphere is nice (a little dark) which some people enjoy the dark firelite feel. I personally like to see what I am eating.
4	Firebirds is a mans restaurant. Dark wood, soaring stone fireplaces and attractive servers. The bar is a heavy black granite with dark wood accents. Businessmen and corporate American Expresses are abundant, as is the selection of bourbons and gins. I like to have a dirty beefeater Martini with their blue cheese stuffed olives. They have a pretty nice wine list, which is half off on mondays. The beer list is lacking, your basic Blue Moon, Sam Adams, Stella selection. The menu centers around meat entrees, and most entrees come with a loaded baker. One of the best loaded baked potatos I've had. One complaint: the entrees do not come with a salad. For the price of most things, a salad is needed to justify it. This is one of those restaurants I like to go to alone, sit at the bar, drink too much and have a big steak....go home and have the best nights sleep ever.
4	Had a dinner date there last night and the double black diamond martini was a big hit.  My date suggested the steak salad and it was fantastic too.  I usually eat at the Stonecrest Firebirds, so this was my first time at the Northlake location and it was great.  Our waitress Dawn was fantastic and would recommend this restaurant to anyone.  I will be back if I'm in the area.
3	For whatever reason, i had never thought to eat here despite frequenting the Northlake area over the years. A friend recommended trying it when we were looking for a date night somewhere between TGI Fridays and Ruth's Chris.Our server was great. i ordered the hot steak with poblano mashed potatoes. i wasn't a huge fan of their special steak sauce and thought the steak was just alright. Potatoes were good, as was the Cesar salad. i sampled the wife's Buffalo Meatloaf and thought that was very good. If i had enjoyed my entree more, everything would have been about top notch. The Big Daddy Chocolate Cake was actually worth the $7. It was very good. It was big enough for two to split and we even have a small chunk waiting as a leftover...speaking of, i should eat it before the wife does.Not a place with any sort of beer selection, best options were Sam Adams or New Castle. Free valet parking was nice.
5	Ok, returned for our 34th this year and,,,,,,,,,well,,,,,,,,even better than last year superb service and food.  Guess we'll be returning for our anv every year. THE best restaurant in Charlotte.
5	Service was excellent & food was delicious! The BLT Salad is my favorite....always cold & always tasty! Sat on the patio to enjoy the summer evening but was afraid service would not be as good. What a pleasant surprise to have some of the best service I've ever had!
4	Really enjoy eating here every time ive been. Cant say that ive got a bad meal from here. I get the filet more times then not and love that they have newcastle on draft. One of two great joints in the northlake area
3	I'm definitely in "like" with Firebirds...not in love. The service is great, the Northlake location is easy to get to with plenty of parking (and valet, if you so choose). Inside, the restaurant is full of big booths, a decent sized bar and plenty of seating options. While meeting a group of ladies for lunch, I went with the strawberry and grilled shrimp salad - a tasty mix of fresh greens, grilled shrimp, strawberry slices, jicama, candied nuts and a hefty helping of crumbled goat cheese. It was a very delicious choice, especially with the balsamic on the side!Prices are agreeable for standard, sit down lunch fare. With a fairly diverse menu and solid service, this Firebirds is a solid choice for a Northlake meal.
3	One casual Sunday I decided to stop in for some lunch and a drink because the mall food court wasn't appealing enough.  While sitting at the bar I engaged in some fun debates with other patrons about the game going on and awaited my food.  I ordered a salmon salad with a viniagrette dressing.  When my food arrived, I was excited about the size and the amount of salmon that i got on the salad.  It was very good.  I haven't ventured back because the price for my salad, and two drinks was alittle too pricey for me to justify a lunch by myself at a bar.  The service was great though and I appreciated the bartender leaving me alone and knowing when to come back.  Thank you!
5	Awesome meal tonight with my family. Manuel Cordray, Executive Chef was producing pure culinary perfection. The Chili Delmonico was fabulous. Paired withFirebird's house red and southwestern augratin potatoes = perfection. Our server, Nick Brinkman was professional courteous and a joy to dine with. For desert, well let's just say you can't go wrong.
4	Ate here today and had the Strawberry Shrimp salad - it was delicious. Had a glass of red wine and my meal was complete.  The server (Lee) was very attentive and knew his stuff - good job! I like the inside - it feels cozy and I like the wood smell.
4	Went to the SouthPark location on Saturday evening. Food was excellent and so was the service. Wish the dessert selection was a little better.
5	We had a great dinner. Everyone in my family enjoyed their meal. Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu and bar, and we had other servers helping to make sure our drinks were always full. The mostimpressive part of our meal was that my girlfriend  and I split two meals and the two meals were already separated on two plates. We will definitely be back.
4	This is another restaurant that I've dubbed 'hit or miss' over the years but I recently attended a bridal shower here and I must say on this visit I was quite impressed with the food.  I started with the chicken tortilla soup which was cream based and very tasty and for lunch I ordered the spinach salad with salmon.....OMG it was so very good!  It was spinach, mushrooms, tomatoes, eggs, applewood-smoked bacon, and balsamic vinaigrette.....I could have done without half the bacon but I don't recall ever having a salad that good and that alone will turn me into a regular....at least for now:-)
5	Nosey, crowded but thats due to good food and great location.
4	Third visit to Firebirds.  First two times for our 33rd and 34th wedding anv and totally loved the place. Food and service was outstanding.  This year we returned to celebrate a birthday.  First of all the food was outstanding, the lobster queso amazing,  the prime rib the best I've ever tested , the carrot cake awesome.  So food was great but this time a couple of glitches with the service.  1. Ten minutes after we were seated before our server arrived. 2. Turn down the volume of the background music please. Place is already noisy enough with folks conversation.  3.  Our main course was served to us 5 seconds after our salads arrived.  A big big no no.   But overall a good experience and we'll certainly be back
4	I've been here for a couple of work lunches.  The food is pretty good.  I always get the salads--the BLT salad is by far my favorite.  It's always really crowded during the week at lunch, but we always manage to get a table and quick service.
3	I dined here for a going back to college dinner with one of my favorite nursing student and her family.  They were super excited about eating at Firebirds.  I'm not 100% sure I love it just yet.  We made reservations and were seated a few minutes before our time slot which is a plus for a group of 15.  We had two waitstaff assigned to our table and in the beginning I had hope that they were going to be great...but empty glasses and unanswered requests for more napkins and other odds and ends disappointed me in a dining establishment with this much hype and semi-high pricing, but maybe they were having an off night.  Or maybe not. I got the Grilled Chicken Sandwich that comes with pepper jack cheese, lettuce, tomato, red onion and red pepper mayo.  Hold the tomato.  With sweet potato waffle fries and I added the mixed green salad because others at the table raved about it and the cilantro lime dressing intrigued me.  The sandwich was excellent, as were the waffle fries...the salad in my opinion did not live up to the hype or was worth the price.  The pecans were a nice touch, but the dressing was disappointing and I love cilantro anything typically.  Anyhoo...for the price it was a decent meal, but I felt as though we paid for the ambiance and definitely not the quality of the meal or the service.Based on the other reviews and the fact that many of my close circle enjoy this restaurant I'd give it another shot, but probably not any time soon...too many options to choose from for mediocre food at a premium price in my opinion.
3	I ate at this location twice over the last 7 days.  Once for dinner, once for lunch.  It is close by my office so I seem to end up there fairly often and have reviewed it previously.First the dinner:    I was hosting colleagues from Europe and we needed someplace close and reliable.  As usual, it was very good all around.  I know it is not the best steak in Charlotte, but the prices are so much more reasonable than the high end places.  And those spots really are not better in my view.  In fact, these same colleagues ate at Fleming's in Uptown 3 days later and all said they felt Firebirds was better and at one third the overall meal cost.Now for the lunch:  It was busy that day so we sat in the bar area which was fine. But our server was really bad.  Very slow, messed up orders, etc.  The food was the usual fine quality, but the prices were pretty high for a lunch.  Meatloaf with mashed potatoes and green beans for $13?  A little much.  $12 for a roast beef sandwich and fries?  No thanks.  Plenty of other reasonably priced lunches in the area.I would give them 4 stars if reviewing for dinner service only.  But the lunch service dragged it down a star. I will continue to frequent them for dinner as I have never had a bad meal at that time of day.
5	This review is for two recent visits to Firebirds, one for dinner and one for lunch.  Both were excellent.  The Ranch Onion Rings are the best in recent memory.  The salmon and the Delmonico steak were cooked perfectly.  The wait times were about an hour for dinner and around 15 mins for lunch, but both well worth the time investment.
4	We chose this spot to have our first anniversary dinner, probably not really thinking about the crowds that would be at the mall for the the day after Christmas Shopping...other than having a little more wait time than we were expecting on a Wednesday night, this visit was very good.I think our waitress' name was Ashley...I've got to start writing it down when we have great service!  We had the Ranch Rings for an appetizer and they were good enough, but definitely not my favorite by far, and the sauce was not complimentary to the rings in my humble opinion.  I chose the chicken pasta for my entree and it was delicious and more than plenty to enjoy that night, plus lunch leftovers later!  The sauce was rich, but not overly so and the hint of bacon was a nice touch.  My husband had the Aspen Sirloin and said it was your basic steak, probably nothing overwhelmingly "wow" about it, but still tasty and it was cooked perfectly to his liking.Because we had dessert at home, we opted for none this trip, though we did see several coming out that looked yummy.  All in all it was a great visit, mainly due to the great service we had, never an empty glass, attentive group effort to make sure everything was okay and two decent menu options.  We'll probably be back in the near future...it seems to be on the somewhat regular rotation in our circle of friends right now!
4	I'm not a fan of chain restaurants, but I LOVE Firebirds. I changed it up a little bit and started with a house salad instead of the BLT salad. It was tasty, but I prefer the BLT.Firebirds is the one place where I always, ALWAYS order a drink. And it's usually the same drink: the black diamond martini. It's a pineapple martini and is made by soaking wedges of fresh pineapple in vodka for like 7 days. This is my favorite drink of all time. For my entree I went with my all time favorite: the wood grilled salmon, Parmesan mashed potatoes and fresh vegetables. The salmon is so delicious. It was a huge, thick piece of salmon with absolutely fantastic flavor. Graham had one of their specials, a Santa Fe style pasta. It had shrimp, chorizo and scallops in a chardonnay cream sauce. This was exceptional. Chain restaurants usually have tiny, sad little scallops. These were huge, and perfectly cooked. I'm a sucker for the dish I ordered, but this was as good as mine.Everything I've ever had here is very good, the service is always good and I've always had a good dining experience.
5	Ruth and I had lobster queso, BLT salad and prime rib and filet. Great service and food.
4	Update: We had a business dinner for 10 people here Wednesday night.  What a great time.  great service and food all around.  These guys do it right.  Check it out.
1	Service at the bar on a dead Wednesday night sucked for me. Don't know why but the bartenders decided to ignore me. It wouldn't have been as bad if they hadn't given the guy sitting right next to me the royal treatment. I had to ask for a menu and then to order. When my food came I tried to get silverware several times before I was able to find some. I don't know; it feels terrible to be ignored like that. I really was shocked. I know it won't matter but ill never come back. First time I have ever given a bad tip.
2	Food is good, not great. I enjoy the dessert more than anything else on the menu. My low rating is a reflection of poor, and at times rude service. Went out with a few friends for some drinks and dessert. It was around 9PM so we were seated immediately. Our server was young, and it showed. He started off by discussing how ready he was to get off work so he could go out and party. To make things worse, he then rushes us through our drinks and dessert. He dropped off our check while we were still finishing dessert and we never saw him again.Unfortunately, I have had poor service at the bar too on separate occasions.
3	I used to love firebirds when they first opened. My sister and I would go to the south-park location and sit on the patio with a glass of wine. This location is convenient  if you're in the north-lake mall and want to grab something nicer than the food court. The food is decent. Not outstanding, but definitely three stars. I like the strawberry and shrimp salad and stick to that every time I go. My husband has tried many of their steak options and really isn't a fan. They're not worth the money. The burger is alright, but nothing to write home about. If you're going to try a sandwich, the french dip is really yummy! Their cocktails and wines deserve four stars! But the food is a solid three.
1	Went to the Northlake Mall in Charlotte.  Stopped here for lunch at Firebirds.  Sat outside at first.  Flies aplenty!  Asked to go inside, place was empty and they wanted to seat us in the bar right next to another couple.  Asked for a real table!  Salad was huge, drenched in dressing.  Ordered grilled salmon on top.  Very disappointing.  Thin piece of salmon, stuck to the skin.  Either dry or not that fresh.   Waitress did as how we like our meal, told her "eh", but didn't have the time to switch it out.  Wouldn't go back.
4	Love this place always good food, great portion and service
4	Stopped by this restaurant while visiting my bestie in Charlotte.  It's a local chain from what I can tell.  Typical American fare.  We dropped in for Lunch on a saturday.It's at the Northlake mall, so there is plenty of parking, albeit not close, but there is definitely PLENTY of parking.  There is also complementary valet parking out front.  But keep in mind, this is valet for two restaurants and anyone else at the mall.  We had issues when we were trying to retrieve the car because there was one guy trying to get the cars and park cars by himself.Inside, the restaruants has tons of booths, rocky wall decor and very much like a fancy hotel in the woods.After looking over the menu, all of us ended up getting a soup and salad lunch combo with a baked potato soup and a salad.  I ended up ordering fries to share as well.Overall the food was okay.  Nothing to write home about.  Service was EXCELLENT.  Our server was great with us and our separate checks and the baby in tow.
4	Another update:Had a need for a steak on Saturday night and because I had not eaten since breakfast, I stopped in around 5:30 PM for a quick and early dinner.  As usual, the food, service, everything was perfect.
2	I love the restaurant & ambiance which is why I gave them a shot several times but these cooks do not know how to cook a steak to temperature! Every single time I order a filet they want to butterfly it, a sin itself, make me wait 40 mins, only to serve an over-cooked steak. It's completely ridiculous a steakhouse can't cook a steak! The very last time I was there they served my bacon wrapped filet, cut in half, horizontal so the filet was only a quarter inch thick with the bacon served on the side. What a disgrace! Then the manager only comped the steak which I didn't even eat anyway. I've given up & will not return.
4	Went here for a late dinner with out of town guests.  We were seated immediately and our orders were taken shortly after.The signature martini (made with pineapple infused vodka), was fabulous.  I had the sesame encrusted salmon, which was cooked to perfection.  The spinach salad was delicious.  However, I am not a fan of the fried spinach which was served with my entree.  One member of my party did not care for his dish.  The manager came over right away and offered him another option or a credit for his meal.  He declined both, because he felt that the preparation was right, he just didn't like it. Besides he was enjoying my salmon and mashed potatoes!  He then ordered dessert, Key Lime pie which was excellent and even better, free.I have never had a bad meal at this establishment and the wait staff is always attentive and courteous.
2	My husband and I went to Firebirds at Northlake for dinner. It was crowded when we arrived, so we opted to sit at a table in the bar thinking we would get faster service and be able to keep up with the World Series on the screens. It took a few minutes for our server to approach us, but she was friendly when she did finally greet us. We ordered drinks which then took 20+ minutes to arrive even though we were at a table adjacent to the bar. Thinking they were shorthanded, I watched as the 3 bartenders yucked it up with the servers around the bar making martinis. When she finally came back, we ordered salads and dinner. We didn't see her again for a while, but finally ordered another round of drinks once our salads arrived...which took another 20+ minutes. Another customer across from our table was obviously complaining to a mgr during our wait, so clearly they weren't having a good night at Firebirds. Dinner finally arrived and we gave up on drinks and had water. We asked for and paid the check the next time I spotted the server. I asked her why the service was so slow and she responded "she really didn't know, but maybe it was because they had happy hour?" I asked what was included in happy hour and she explained "house drinks and half price appetizers"...who knew? We paid for our full price drinks and dinner ($100) and left. On the way out, the hostess asked how was dinner to which I responded "unusually slow". The mgr was standing there and said "we are still learning". What an unusual comment and clearly without a care that it will be a longgggg time before we ever return. Oh well, lesson learned! Poor service and customer relations for a restaurant that could easily have done a better job!
3	I've been here a few times now.  My colleagues from out of town seem to gravitate to this place due to the location.This place is jammed every time I have been.  Very popular place, probably thanks to its location in the North Lake Mall.  The decor and atmosphere are very nice.  It is a little loud. If you are looking for a semi-upper scale restaurant to take business clients to then this place works. Firebirds has a lot of steaks on the menu but I would not consider this a great steak place.  Just okay.  Steaks are along the lines of Outback or Lone Star quality.  They have lots of other menu items if you don't want steak.  My ribeye was tasty but not a great cut of meat.Firebirds has a full bar (pretty normal these days) and a nice wine selection.  That said, not even the liquor could get me to add a star.  The service was very good so I got to give them that.
4	Great restaurant, we loved the atmosphere and the waitress was superb. Martinis and food were impeccable. A++ and we'd love to go back.
3	Food was ok...salad was great.  Their music was too loud and that caused everybody to talk louder!  I am not going to Firebirds to listen to piped-in music.  Annoying, even after asking the waitress to lower the volume.
4	Firebirds is a pretty good steakhouse, and while our visit wasn't perfect, it was quite good.I ordered the sirloin cooked medium rare, and the steak was red and juicy. The steak fries tasted a bit funny, like the cooking staff used too much grease, but they were still pretty good. My father's ribs were really good, though the half rack order only comes with six (generally I believe it's seven or eight for a half rack order). My mother was disappointed her tortilla soup came out cold, but enjoyed it. The service was quite good; when we had problems with the temperature, the waiter went and got the manager to turn the temperature down. Plus the waiter was a nice kid (save for his tendency to hard sell on the drink/dessert menu just a bit). The ambiance is nice as well;  it's in a mall but hard to tell, and the fireplace is a nice touch. My parents really like this place as an upscale place to spend holidays (like New Year's Eve) and I think it's a pretty good steakhouse as well.
1	One of the worst meals I've had a Firebirds and the first time at this location. The music was so loud that all diners were having to speak over the sound which made the noise louder that we could not carry a conversation with my family. My mother had to send her steak back 3 times for the proper temp. I ordered the  blue cheese filet and the amount of blue cheese they placed on my steak was overpowering. It was not eatable! Very disappointing expensive meal.
4	Went here for dinner last week with family for my cousin's birthday.  The decor is surprisingly nice. We were seated at one of those curved booths for parties of 4 or more. The server came right over & took our drink order. We ordered the lobster fondue as an app, DELICIOUS!  The chef also came out & greeted us (which I thought was really cool). I ordered the filet mignon wrapped in bacon with shrimp & chile mac n cheese as the side, everything was wonderful!  The server provided excellent service and we never had an empty glass. I will most definitely be going back
1	Poor service and the steak was cooked wrong and full of gristle.  1st and last time there.
4	Firebird's is pretty good. The Creme Brulee cheesecake is really good! It's a typical grill restaurant with a beautiful bar area. I wouldn't say there's anything special about the place but I've never been disappointed. I usually get the smokehouse chicken sandwich with fries. The sandwich comes with BBQ sauce, Cheddar, Bacon and Red Onion. It's a winner everytime. For those of you looking for a good salad, folks swear by the Strawberry salad. If anyone is doing Weight Watchers, I don't recommend it...it's 28 points. Yikes! Do some shopping and stop by Firebirds...they're usually always connected or near a mall.
4	I had the opp to go back to Firebirds and I must say they have redeemed themselves in my eyes.  I, in fact, took my parents back with me.  We all enjoyed our dinners.  They were not sent back for correction and were able to hold a conversation without interruption from the music.  We even made room for dessert!!  We will go back!
4	A bit pricey but the food is worth every single penny. Lobster dip was an amazing appetizer and the lighting/decor is very comfortable. Great place for business lunch
4	Very good. When I want to meet my friends who live in the city for dinner, we often meet here. Options for everyone on the menu, healthy (if you wish), and great service. It's a chain but with great food and service. Food is tasty and I just about always try something new. As such, I don't have a favorite but I would recommend it. It can be pricey though - for me (alone) I usually pay about $40 for an entree, shared app, and drinks.
3	Ok food. Overpriced for what you get in my opinion.
5	Love the tender steak. Everything is so flavorful! I would deff come here everyday if I have the money to!!! Love love love love
5	Had the spinach salad with seared tuna added for lunch. Portion size was great. The spinach was fresh and the bacon and dressing were a great combo. The tuna was great by itself but a nice addition to the salad.Service was attentive and efficient with 100% accuracy in the order. There were 5 diners over the lunch hour.We had reservations do there was no wait. I can't think of a reason to not give 5 stars.
5	Dropped in for a early dinner here while I was in Charlotte with a friend on a Monday evening. As expected it wasnt busy. We were promptly seated.Half price cocktails and wine on Mondays! So of course that made me extra happy lolWe started with the Lobster Spinach Queso, served with tri-color tortilla chips. This never disappoints. Most of the lobster drops to the bottom so dig deep for the full experience. Our server was friendly and prompt. Our water was always topped off and promptly refilled also. Nice hot bread too. But it wasnt busy so I didnt expect anything less. Great service! I ordered the Wood Grilled Salmon with mashed potatoes and mixed veggies (squash, onions, carrots & broccoli). The salmon was impressive and it was well seasoned. I would say that salmon is on the list for best salmon from a restaurant... and the portion was perfect. My meal along side a nice glass of wine really made my dining experience memorable. My friend ordered Grilled Chicken Breasts (don't know the menu name...) which was served with mashed potatoes and garnished with two huge onion rings. She said the chicken was moist and delicious, so I would recommend her meal also. I wish they had Firebirds in Maryland.... *sigh*. So the next time I'm near a Firebirds I hope to get similar service and great food!
5	The food was amazing! I had the pecan crusted trout, it was so good. The drinks were a little high to me but so good, it was worth it! The waiter was so nice and helpful. I will definitely come back. He also told us the drinks are half off on Wednesdays! Love the atmosphere, food, service! I would recommend this restaurant to anybody.
5	The BLT Caesar Salad was amazing! For dinner I had the bacon wrapped filet and that was so tasty! I cannot wait to go back!
4	Firebirds was a great selection for lunch today with Hubbie, bro-in Law & Shirley, their mom.We had burgers, I had fish Tacos. Food was good, we all liked the tater-tots. I recommend hthe fish tacos. Nice wine selection by the glass.
4	I've said before I don't like mall restaurants, but I was pleasantly surprised today. Being a week before Christmas it was plenty busy but we sat at the bar and didn't have to wait long. Bartenders Parker and Cassie were our servers. They knew how to manage both jobs at the same time and also were engaged and happy. I had a great salad w/grilled shrimp - the jicama gave it a nice texture. My friend had salmon - the plate was beautiful and bright and although I did not taste, it looked very good. No negatives to report. A nice lunch on a weekday at a nice place I would go back to again.
5	I went here the day before Christmas and they exceeded my expectations.  We made last minute dinner plans so I thought there was no chance I could get a reservation a few hours in advance.  However, they scheduled a reservation at the desired time and sent me a confirmation text.  The weather and traffic were nasty so I arrived about ten minutes late.  The place was packed so I was sure we would have to wait some.  But we were seated immediately.  The food and service was great.  The entire staff was friendly and delightful.
3	I've walked by this place a half dozen times and have never given it a second glance.  The only reason we stopped in this time was that it was Christmas Eve and the flu is running rampant in the Charlotte area and when I gazed into the food court it quickly transformed into a hipster night club where all the famous germs hang out.  Long lines with big germ bouncers while inside the all the who's who of Germville were drinking, dancing, and putting the moves on each other!  We immediately looked for a cleaner and climate controlled safer environment in which to dine.  We opted for the Fireside.Not much to say.  The menu is limited and nothing spectacular and is somewhat pricey for what you get.  My daughter had the portabella burger and I had the parmesan crusted Mahi.  My Mahi was fresh and well cook but lacked any real flavors.  My daughter seemed to enjoy her portabella which was well put together.  Our waiter was pleasant and knowledgeable and provided us with fairly quick service.   Probably won't return to a firebirds, just don't think it is worth the money.  I believe there is way better food out there in that price range or less.  On the up side; we did get our valet ticket validated.  $5.00 is $5.00!
4	My first visit here was great !! I ordered the meatloaf which was great with one exception the gravy was too salty. Margaritas were also great !! My friend had the spinach salad with beef tenderloin which was fabulous. I can't wait to go back and try other specialities.. I will definitely recommend this place to others great setting and great food!!
