4	Wow. This place was great. I had a fantastic massage here and spent the rest of the day, working out and relaxing. The gym was really nice, clean and had lots of equipment, each piece w/ it's own TV. They somehow managed to make it very personal despite the zillion treatment rooms. They also have these delcious 'spa' cookies and different complimentary beverages so you can continue to indulge yourself after your treatments. The only spas I prefer to this were The Boulders and The Sanctuary.
5	OK so don't shoot the messenger...This is the place I absolutely LOVE.My friend CASI works here and she cuts my hair and it is to die for. You get treated like a Queen...and why shouldn't I? Really, I mean kids, family and all the rest of the things life throws at you to melt away for an hour to get my hair done AAAHHH...Casi cuts my hair and she is fantastic...Other treatments are awesome too, the LeStone is to die for and in my opinion really any of the massages I don't love the hydro massage I don't need that much water personally. I have had a facial, but I'm not a fan...Not because of the Princess just not a fan of facials. The facility is great and you get to use it all day if you book a treatment. If you are a Fairmont President Member you get 10% off Spa Treatments. Last Year while I was getting my hair done I saw Miley Cyrus waiting for a treatment...My daughter was so excited when I came home with her autograph although when she thought about it she was miffed I didn't take her with me and she could have met her. She did see her the night before in concert and touch her hand what more could a child want sheesh...
4	I love the amenities this spa has! The steam room, Swedish showers, aromatherapy room, the hot tubs..... But I was naked with no bikini so I couldn't go outside to experience the rest of the fun stuff like the roof top pool or the grotto looking area with the waterfall. This place was absolutely beautiful! I had an awesome hour long massage here. While it wasn't the best massage I have had, (I prefer man massages) it was satisfying. I had just climbed that day so I thoroughly enjoyed the forearm, hand and feet part the best! They have the best prickly pear lemonade along with a million teas as a complimentary beverages. Yum! I also ordered lunch and sat in the beautiful outside atrium area. The tuna wrap was awesome!The only thing I didn't like about this place was that it was pretty busy. But I guess that's why I could get a last minute appointment which I appreciated.
5	Love love LOVE!!  I went on Friday for a 90 minute aromatherapy massage- which was the best massage I've ever gotten.  I cannot remember the name of the girl but she was blonde and I believe her name started with a B.  It was absolute heaven.  I then proceeded to get a facial by Heather, I believe her name was.  She completely cleared up my skin and suggested some great products.  I would suggest arriving an hour early to enjoy the facility prior to your treatments.  I did the steam room, relaxed in this amazing jacuzzi w/ waterfalls, and sat in the aromatherapy room.  Highly recommend!!!
4	My masseuse was a wet noodle. And she had rough hands.But the pools, setting, and amenities were to die for. If you like the Camelback Inn Spa, this setting is even prettier and more tranquil.
5	This spa has the best amenities of any place I have ever been to.  Along with the standard sauna, steam room, and whirlpool they have a swedish shower, eucalyptus relaxation room, an outdoor waterfall grotto, a rooftop pool, lunch/dinner ordering and complimentary muffins and cookies, teas, coffee, and prickly pear lemonade all day.I have had a relaxation massage and a pregnancy massage.  Both were wonderful.  The pregnancy massage was especially wonderful because they had a cutout in the bed so my belly could fit while I had a massage like a normal person - instead of having to be on my side which is what other places I have been to typically do.It's very very expensive but worth every penny!  Spend a few hours there and go on a sunny day to enjoy the rooftop pool.
4	Amenities are superb!!!  Christie was our coordinator for our group and totally took care of us.  My gfs and I spent the entire day here!!  Most of the girls got the relaxation massage.  Some of the massages were hits and others were not.  I think it depends on who you get.  My sister got the revitalizer package and said it was good.  I had the herbal kur, which included a scrub, bath and massage.  Tami did a wonderful job and I would highly recommend her.  She's been there for 15 years.  Since other people have mentioned the amenities, I will not repeat them.  One thing not mentioned is I took advantage of the yoga class, which is different from the yoga class in the main gym.  This one is so much better than the main gym class.The only reason why this place does not get 5 stars is b/c of the price.  Yes, it's the Fairmont, but this place is quite pricey.  Def a splurge once a year or so, unless you've got lotsa $$.  But I highly recommend checking this spa out if you're in for some pampering!
5	A warning to new spa goers --do not visit this place first. It will ruin you for anywhere else!  I love this place. The amenities are superb with a plush women's area with steam room, sauna, whirlpool, cold plunge pool and relaxation area. There is also a spa-only co-ed pool and cutdoor waterfall grotto --bring your swimsuit or you'll miss out. Presumably the men's area is just as nice--I'll take my BFs word for it.  This place has turned him into a spa slut. He raves about the LeStone hot stone massage. I have tried several of the facials, a relaxation massage and manicure/pedicure services. All services have been relaxing, highly professional and consistently rendered no matter who the technician.  We've always had a good experience here.  BF loves the complimentary spa cookies and teas. Spa treatments generally entitle the spa goer to use the work out facility also. The equipment is some of the best I've used.  Be warned that the services are comparatively expensive and the relaxation room can be anything but that on the weekends when it becomes overrun with loud, chatty bachelorette parties.  We've always been able to book on short notice mid week, however. The spa accepts Spa Finder gift certificates--which can be gotten at a discount at Costco.
4	i visited this spa in may with a couple girlfriends. i found the check-in staff a bit snippy and not so welcoming. after a quick tour by a lovely hostess, we hit the locker room. the facilities really are top notch. the waterfall grotto was a massage in itself. robes were soft, spa shoes were comfy. well stocked locker room and shower areas. i appreciated the higher-end shower stuff and the "we thought of everything" vanities. massage itself was excellent, but the area outside the room was a bit noisy.  i heard carts being pushed and something heavy being pulled. yes i may be a bit particular, but i like my massage quiet and peaceful. the relaxation room was awesome. drinks and snacks were yummy. towels were abundant. roof top pool was not so impressive to me. book a late morning/early afternoon appointment and arrive at least an hour early. the environment is so tranquil a bit of time before your treatment will go a long way to helping you relax and enjoy your treatment that much more.
5	I was given a $100 gift card to use at Willow Stream Spa last December... I've been waiting for the perfect day to use it since then.  Well, guess what? Today was that day!With my fiance out of town for the weekend, I took advantage of some much deserved "Gabi time" as I like to call my downtime.  I called a few days ago to make an appointment and I asked if there were any specials going on.  Lucky for me, there were several!  The one that was most appealing to me was the "book any 60 or 90 minute treatment and get a complimentary 30 minute treatment to go with it."  I chose to book a 60 minute aromatherapy facial and a 30 minute complimentary massage to go with it... I was in heaven!I'll back up a moment and just say that I've been to the Willow Stream Spa before... years ago.  Today was even more heavenly than I remembered.  I checked in around noon and didn't leave until after 6pm.  I could've stayed longer, but I had to come home to take Minnie out!The Willow Stream facility is gorgeous and includes every amenity you can imagine... I started out in the fitness room for a quick workout and then took a glorious shower before my massage and facial.  I had Tomi for my massage and she focused on my neck, back, and shoulders... (I've been having shoulder pain so I think she customized this based on my situation).  She was fantastic but with just 30 minutes, it felt like a tease... my facial made it all worthwhile though- it was pure bliss!  Heather was my esthetician and did a fabulous job.  I highly recommend her - she explained every product she was using as I fell in and out of a relaxing sleep while she not only worked on my face but my shoulders, chest, neck, scalp, hands and feet... the products felt amazing and smelled good too.  So much so that I bought a couple on my way out.  After my services, I had lunch (a delicious salad with veggies and chicken) while I wrote some thank you notes and read my book... It was so peaceful.  It was like an escape from the world and I enjoyed every second of it!So, bottom line - if you are thinking about getting a spa-lover like me a gift anytime soon, Willow Stream Spa giftcards are always welcome... what an experience!  I'm feeling energized, relaxed, and peaceful.
5	4.5 stars or nearly perfect (-1/2 considering the hefty price tag). The facilities are top-notch, however, my massage left me a little unimpressed.  (Obviously, the actual treatment will vary from person to person.)  Also had a classic manicure on a separate visit.  very happy with the results.  For both the staff were nice but again service will vary.The facilities included the usual steam room, jacuzzi, and sauna.  In addition, there was a waterfall pool and eucalyptus aromatherapy room,  Despite being busy the service was pleasant and helpful.  Also, the fitness center was well equipped and the outdoor rooftop pool area was cozy.
5	I loved my time at this spa and want to go back... now. I stayed at the Fairmont for almost a week last week on a combo business/pleasure trip. My parents met us out there for the weekend and my mother and I enjoyed a girls spa day on Saturday which consisted of a massage and facial. Initially I was nervous because I have never had a positive experience with facials. It's not that I have sensitive skin, but for some reason without fail I always break out and turn bright red for days after a facial. Regardless I decided to go for it anyways... We arrived around 6am (can't get off east coast time) to check everything out. There is a nice fitness facility that you have access to when you use the spa (otherwise is $25/day for hotel guests to access) that we used first thing in the morning. We then went up to the rooftop pool and relaxed until our appointments. While I still give this spa five stars, they did make a couple of minor mistakes. We had scheduled for our massage & facials to be at 1pm, back to back. When we checked in they had us getting a massage at 1pm and facial at 6pm. Obviously that was not going to work being that we had to be at my fiance's baseball game by then... but, they fixed it... so no complaints. The second mistake was that my mother made it very clear she wanted me to have a female masseuse, and I had a male... This too ended up not being a big deal, as I could care less who gives the massage. Just mentioning it as I know that would be a deal breaker for some women. Now onto the services: MASSAGE: My 60 minute Swedish massage was wonderful. I had a man named Rico who has been working at the Spa for 9 years now and could not have been friendlier. The massage was excellent and I did not want it to end! FACIAL: I had a 45 minute Rejuvenation facial with Jaime. Honestly cannot say enough good things about her or the outcome of her facial. She was very professional (has been doing this for 14 years) and really listened to my concerns about past facials. My skin looked and felt much better immediately after the facial. I highly recommend her. PEDICURE: I came back on my last day to use the fitness facilities and get a pedicure. The pedicure was nice, but for $65 I'd probably not do it again. My hole in the wall places do just as good a job for much less. Either way, the woman (can't remember her name) was very nice and she did a great job. Other Highlights: They have fresh apples and a delicious lemonade available all over the place. They also provide mini muffins (yum!) in the morning and cookies in the afternoons. You may order a healthy lunch to enjoy while you are there as well. They offer lots of yoga classes and personal training in the fitness facility that looked pretty good. They also have separate lounges for men and women that have their own saunas, eucalyptus inhalation rooms and showers.
5	Great spa... If you don't mind spending a few bucks, this is the place for you. Neat water fall room, roof top pool, and eucalyptus room! I've had multiple massages here & they were exceptional. Outstanding customer service too.
4	Today was my first visit to the Willow Stream Spa. The facilities were great - very beautiful. I loved the waterfall and the pool, although the spa pool is somewhat of a small area and it was hard to find a spot. My massage was amazing - I loved that the door was open to a private patio and you could hear the waterfall. Although spa week is a great time to try new spas, it means a lot of people are doing the same. The locker room was so crowded it was uncomfortable, there were tons of people all over making it loud and less relaxing, and there were not any good spots left at the pool. I ended up leaving right after my massage because I just wasn't really relaxed. Because the facilities were gorgeous and the massage was great, I am going to come back and take advantage of summer specials - hopefully it will be less crowded and more relaxing. I'll update my review then!
5	Sanctuary you've been replaced.  Willow Stream Spa is my new fav spa spot.  Loved. Loved. the service.Robe got slightly damp from use, helpful attendant appears and gives me a new one.  Loved the waterfall treatment.  Loved private rooftop pool.  Loved the attendant walking around giving us sun bathers bottles of cold water.  Loved the fitness classes, the facility.All this for $50 during AZ Spa Week.  The facility and service is so f-a-b-u-l-o-u-s here that I would come here anytime and think every penny I spent was worth it!
4	Another A-ok experience at the Willow Stream spa! A last minute Memorial Day treat with Mani's and pool-time at the Willow Stream spa that resulted in a nicely relaxation Saturday afternoon! The staff was accommodating as usual and the prickly pear lemonade was just exactly what I needed in the rising temperatures. As I sat there enjoying life on the rooftop pool I wondered how hard it would be to put one on my roof. Maybe I just need to keep saving for consistent Willow Stream spa days instead.
5	Ah.  Willow Stream... This is the best spa in Scottsdale, very clean, atmosphere is nice and relaxing, background music has a very calming effect.  The complimentary drinks, cookies and muffins is a nice touch along with the fresh apples.  Bottled water is available all throughout your visit too.  The service is excellent, from the moment you make a reservation to the moment you check in and during your treatment and in between all the way to when you check out.  I like checking in early in the morning and scheduling my treatment towards the late afternoon so I have the whole day to spend and just relax and forget about the outside world and lose myself in the comfort of Willow Stream...  I indulge myself in the rooftop pool and cabana, inhalation room, swiss shower, steam room, hot and cold tub, sauna, waterfall massage.   A nice healthy choice of light lunch and sitting in the courtyard is part of the relaxing process.   The facials and massages are awesome, I usually feel like I have been in another world upon leaving Willow Stream...
4	I took my team here for a well-deserved surprise afternoon boondoggle. The facility was amazing: a waterfall room, an amazing rooftop infinity pool, and a hot and cold plunge pool room. Truly a 5-star venue. But the treatments felt more like 3-star ... the masseuse commented on my scoliosis (which, er, is news to me & my doctor, and I spent most of the weekend twisting backward into the mirror and from that angle, yeah it DID look crooked! shit!). The woman who did my facial kept up a running product pitch while slapping stuff on rather abruptly. 3 star treatment .... perhaps they were busier than normal. I'd go back for the facility but wouldn't book two treatments.
5	I took advantage of the Spa Week $50 Fall Energizer Massage yesterday and can't wait to go back!!  I'm a massage therapist, so I've been to quite a few, and this facility is the pinnacle in quality, service, and aesthetics.  It is just beautiful everywhere you look - not trying too hard; more of a lush, casual elegance in the desert.When you enter the spa, you're greeted, checked in, and given a tour of the whole facility, which you have full access to for the day.  Stacy, my guide, was so welcoming and recommended how to use the spa (jacuzzi & cold plunge) and encouraged me to use the waterfall pool.  She was right.  I could've spent the day at the waterfall pool, where there are three intesities of waterfalls to pound away at your neck and shoulders.  Aaaaaahhh.....  :)Tami (pron. Tommy) was my massage therapist and she worked out just what I asked her to - my neck & shoulders, and also made the rest of me melt away.  She also really worked my forearms & hands, which I didn't specificially ask for, she just understood where I'd like more pressure and gave it to me.  Aaaaaaahhhh....  :)To list all of the amenities you get with the purchase of a spa treatment (or a room): complimentary valet, rooftop pool, waterfall pool, gym, fitness classes, and the incredible ladies' room.  The ladies' room (which is the same on the mens' side) has the jacuzzi and cold plunge, steam room, sauna, showers featuring their scented shampoo, conditioner, body wash, and scrub, more towels than you could ever want, a dark aromatherapy room, plenty of toiletries and hair appliances for after-shower, and a lovely, cushy sitting room with teas, lemonade, water, and even apples.  You have access to all of this until 10pm!!  You can leave & come back, too.What a luxurious day - and I didn't get to spend as much time as I'd have liked to there!  Luckily, Willow Stream has extended Spa Week pricing through 9/26, so I called my BFF as soon as I got home - we're planning on going next Tuesday!!  Next time, we will take the WHOLE day, spend time at the beautiful rooftop pool, and have a lovely rejuvenating day for us hard-working ladies, and come home happy wives.I don't work here yet, but I want to...  And I will.  ;)UPDATE 3/2011:  And now I do!!  Request me and I'll see you there.  =)
5	I went for Spa week and loved this place! Unfortunately, I did not bring a swimsuit , but I could have easily spent all day here enjoying their facilities. There is also a cafe with sandwiches and salads ( about $15 price point). Will be back for sure.
5	I also took part in Spa Deal Days through Spafinder to go to this spa during my vacation to Scottsdale.  For $50 (and $32 mandatory tip) I got a decent massage.  The guy was incredibly nice and the massage was relaxing though it was an Energizer massage... go figure.  Anyway, I spent 5 hours at the spa, relaxing in the waterfall pool, sitting by the infinity pool, in the jacuzzi, the sauna, the steam room, and using iced washcloths (so fantastically refreshing).  There's so much to explore.  I had to try out the showers too since they stock all their own products.  They really do have everything you could need and the attendants are always there cleaning up, so it's never messy.  There is lemonade, water, and apples available in the locker rooms.  The cafe has complimentary hot and iced tea (3 types of each) and apples too.  The food at the cafe is a bit pricey, but I guess you should expect that.  The cafe courtyard is beautiful though.  There were many people there for treatments because of the Spa Days deal, but because there were 15 treatment rooms, people would disappear each hour on the hour for their treatments.  It never seemed crowded or busy even though it was.  Overall, a great experience.
5	Willow Stream Spa in the Scottsdale Fairmont Princess is my all-time favorite spa.I suppose for that to matter, it requires some context. And yes, I've been to more than a few spas. That's because (1) I love spas, and (2) I've been lucky enough to be a magazine travel writer and editor of health and spa magazines for years. So I have spa'd in and out of the country and on most cruise lines. I've done day spas and "stay" spas. I've been to Japanese spas, a Thai spa in Canada, the ultimate Ayurveda spa in Fairfield, Iowa .... and my most recent massage was at Halele'a Spa in the St. Regis Princeville on Kauai, which Conde Nast just named a top spa for 2010. So I don't name my favorite spa lightly. We moved to Scottsdale less than two years ago and I love everything about it. But, beyond the weather and great dining and outdoor hot spots, it is absolutely spa heaven.When we bought a house down the street from the Fairmont last year, I was sure that their spa was too expensive for regular visits, despite being just a lovely stroll away. But I've averaged well over a visit a month, between gift certificates from friends, spa weeks and the spa's own specials.Others have detailed the great features so I won't belabor that; my favorites are the wet room, the inhalation room and the rooftop pool with free cabanas. What a beautiful place to enjoy an Arizona sunset! The amenities are all truly free and unlimited. It's always a half-day experience for me. A full vacation right down the road!Spa week can be way too crowded. This year I tried a Saturday evening and I'll never do that again! But it is spa week that made me a regular, so I can't complain about others discovering this great value; I'll just be sure and do weekdays only! I've never had a bad massage here. My spa week sessions have never skimped on quality; I don't know how those wonderful therapists do it! I have had a couple of very irritating moments with the front desk at the spa. So much so, that my cursor hovered over the stars, considering removing one. So it wasn't minor.But I booked my next appointment this morning and had a wonderful person on the phone, so hopefully this one dark smudge is being addressed.
5	Love this spa!  My absolute favorite place to spend the day, the amenities are top notch!  They have complimentary specialty teas and the muffins/cookies are yummy!  I've had several services here and I highly recommend the messages and facials.  As for the salon services, manicure and pedicure...we'll, it's good.  I was hoping for a more special experience, because Willow Stream does such a great job, but it was just a regular manicure and pedicure.
5	An excellent spa for the ultimate in pampering and relaxation. I've been to the Willow Stream spa twice, and I can't wait until my next spa day retreat there. The treatments are pretty typical for resorts, but what really sets this place apart is the atmosphere. The facilities are spacious and modern, and there are several places for one to sit snd and enjoy the day either alone or with a few friends.My favorite spot on the inside is the atrium, which is very "zen" with tree cover, chirping birds, water ponds, and teak patio furniture. Sitting there makes me feel like I'm miles and miles away from Arizona. My second favorite place to sit is just outside the treatment area where there are two small waterfalls that flow into what feels like a little private garden. The amenities are plentiful: a gym, yoga, cafe service, roof top pool, waterfall treatment area, not to mention the bathroom and sauna area. I could really spend all day there. The only missing element is poolside drink service.
5	Went back for the sixth time and it's still one of my favorite places in Phoenix.  Of course, I left the gift card my brother gave me for xmas at home, but oh well, another excuse to go back again.  This was my first hot stone massage at the Fairmont and it was one of the best.  The services are all great, but what I love is the complete experience.  Booking one service gets you access to the entire gym and spa for the day.  Take advantage of it and get there hours before your service.  I like to work out for 1-2hrs, then soak in the waterfall hot tub.  Head up to the roof to the pool and chill in a cabana that can be closed (encompassing two lounge chairs) for some privacy, or just swim and relax.  I was told they are building a nice bar (complete with alcohol) this summer, which will be a nice treat.  The men's facility is amazing.  There's a eucalyptus inhalation room, jacuzzi, and Swiss shower, plus plenty of regular showers, shaving areas, and great apples and beverages.  After cleaning up, I get my services, then shower again and hang out by the pool for a bit longer.  My only dissatisfaction is the food.  Don't bother getting it from the spa, it's terrible.  I've tried it twice and it failed to please both times.  That being said, be sure to ask for the specials when you book because there are always deals going on.  Also, sign up for the President's club when you arrive (it's free and you get 10% off future services).
4	Great spa with awesome staff.You can order lunch too, but I wish they would have a blend of offerings, not just light and healthy fare alone.Same with the upstairs pool...beautiful but only serves mojitos, mixed drinks and no beers.Not all spa goers are necessarily super health conscious, at least not me so much.
5	We here for my first time yesterday with my mother who has been several times and has nothing but good things to say. 1. SERVICE - everyone is extremely friendly and helpful, down to the super friendly valet! 2. The facility and grounds were so clean and smelled amazing. Great clean up crew :) 3. The rooftop pool was AMAZING. The pool was not overly chlorinated and it felt like there was water softener which made it so nice to swim in. 4. The whole experience was quiet and relaxing and my masseuse with Linda was great. She was friendly, considerate, and STRONG. :)
5	Simply the best!  Service was first rate, the amenities were to die for and the rooftop pool/2nd floor grato are unparalled.  It was relaxing, rejuvenating and sublime.  I would recommend WIllow Stream every time as a first choice for spa decadence.
5	The willow stream spa is perfect! I had the best massage and you can use the spa facilities for the entire day of service - how awesome is that? They found out that I was visiting on my birthday and nearly every staff member wished me a happy birthday, it was really nice! The entire spa also smells amazing, I wish I could get my house to smell like that!
4	I really, really wanted to give this spa 5 stars. It is truly beautiful but there were a couple of small things that made it not quite 5 stars for me. I would have given it a 4 and a half if I could have. I'll start with the good stuff! -Most gorgeous spa I have ever been to. -Best "resort" massage I have ever received. -Love the waterfall pool...it's like an extra massage! Could be improved... -Swiss shower felt amazing but I was a little short for it. And my friend who is even shorter couldn't enjoy it. Maybe a small step stool would be a nice addition for the vertically challenged. =) -I was not a fan of the scented shower products. Just a personal preference but my friend and I were not a fan. -It is GREAT that they finally serve alcohol at the spa pool. However, I was surprised that it is only served on weekends and last call is really early. (Last call was either 2:30 or 3:30pm on a Sunday. Early considering the spa is open till 10pm. The two biggest reasons I was not able to give this place the 5 stars I wanted to... -I thought the spa food was terrible. =( Not a very wide selection. The item I ended up choosing was not very tasty. -When I entered the hot tub in the women's locker room I hurt my foot. Turns out that there is a vent cover to a drain or something at the base of the stairs that was missing. After being in the hot tub for a few minutes another spa goer found the cover floating next to them. She set it next to the spa. I was concerned that someone else might hurt their foot so I told the staff about the issue and that the cover was next to the hot tub. I was told they would fix it immediately. However, when I went to use the hot tub later that day...the drain was still uncovered and the cover that had been sitting next to the hot tub was removed. I am quite concerned that a safety issue such as this was not fixed and there was no warning to other guests. I hope no one else hurt their foot that day. All that being said, we did have a fabulous day at the spa and I will certainly come back in the future. I'll just make sure to eat a big meal before I go and watch my step! =)
4	A very nice resort spa with lots of the extras.  Valet parking and a bit of a walk to find the place but once you get there a very friendly and welcoming staff make it a nice experience.  The rooftop pool is especially nice (though small and it doesn't take many folks to make it feel crowded).    A nice feature is a large hot co-ed soaking tub, but again more than 2 or 3 people in it and it's hard to have a semi-private conversation.   The men's locker room is very nice with steam room, sauna, huge jacuzzi and a little space like a converted closet where you can relax and breathe in eucalyptus....oddly, I really enjoy that little hideaway a lot!  I've been here four times now and the massages ranged from okay to excellent.   But when I want a day-long getaway and lots of time to pool, hot tub, eat cookies and drink tea...Willow Stream is the place for me!  My mom likes it too.
5	Visited the hair salon at Willow Stream. It's pricey, but well worth it. Casi Rathbun gave my long hair a trim and a full head of highlights just the way I like it. No obvious stripes/strips of color, just natural-looking blonde hair! She chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin, too. And, get this, she was so gentle when combing my hair - she didn't yank my head once! She is also so sweet and nice to be around. The salon is on the smaller side, so it's nice and quiet - I like that. It's so hard to find the right stylist for your cut/color -- I will definitely be returning to Casi!
5	Impressive this place rocks! It oozes of luxury and service. From the moment you step out of the car. The valet guy opens your door and parks it complimentary. It is a short walk from the hotel to the spa. As you enter in the spa, there is a calming, relaxing aromatherapy scent that puts you at ease right away. There is a host to show you around the spa. I am still raving about their cactus fruit drink and they have afternoon tea. It's a great place to have a girls weekend.
4	Totally worth every cent you spend at this spa!  I was here for Spa Week, and got a great deal on a orange blossom vanilla wrap, which was a massage with lotion and essential oils, and then wrapped with hot towels to keep in the moisture.  The massage therapist was friendly and gave a great massage...I felt very zen afterward.  The spa is spacious, clean, and very peaceful...from the resort entrance, you walk through the courtyard pass the waterfall fountain and about 1/2 a football field away is the huge and soothing Willow Stream Spa.  You enter on the middle lobby level that also has the fitness areas and courtyard/dining area.  The spa is on the bottom 1st floor, and the pool is on the rooftop 3rd floor.  The locker area is a little cramped, especially since the spa was pretty busy.  There are lots of private shower stalls, and a prep vanity area where you can blow dry your hair, do your make-up, etc. There is lots of water and lemonade available in the large waiting couch-filled waiting area, and mini muffins in the lunch/atrium area...very convenient for post-spa-ing events (for me, my post-spa activity was going straight to the airport to go home).The tiny pool area was completely full by the time I got done with my spa service, which was fine since I spent the day before getting sunburned.  But if I wanted to lounge in the sun, I would have been out of luck at the rooftop spa pool...that's the only negative in the whole spa experience.  I found a peaceful respite of lounge chairs under palm trees on the spa level, near the waterfall pool.Warning- there are fountains, waterfalls and running streams /water features everywhere (hence the spa name "Willow Stream")...along with all the water, tea and lemonade they provide...be prepared to need to go to the bathroom a lot.
1	Don't go on a holiday weekend! Literally from the time we stepped foot into the spa, my stress level increased.  From the 15 minute wait at reception to the 10 minute wait for the tour, I should have known that the spa was too busy to care about my mother and me.  There were SO MANY PEOPLE at this spa that there was literally nowhere to SIT, let alone lay down and relax.  For example, the pool.  My guess is there were about 18 chaise lounges by the pool and about 30+ guests.  Yes, I was one of the lucky ones who got to sit on the ground, waiting for someone to leave.  Just the sort of treatment you expect to get when you pay this much, right?  But to make matters worse, multiple couples saved a lounge chair for their spouse, while said spouse went to get their spa treatment.  For an hour.  Only for both of them to leave once the spouse returned.  So there were 3 - 5 open lounges at any given time  that were being "reserved."  Out of 18.  Grrr.... I found these pool guests to be inconsiderate and entitled, which really rubbed me the wrong way.  I could go on and on because I was so infuriated with this spa, but I understand that this could have been an unusual turn of events (because of the holiday and the Travelzoo deal), so I'll leave all of the dirty details out.  Nevertheless, I saw a poorly run facility that was over-crowded, overwhelmed and ill-equipped to say the least.  Dirty towels everywhere, jam-packed jacuzzis, messy grounds, slow food/bev service.  Man, it was just a disaster.  We left early so we could sit down and have a drink.  The one highlight of the day - which was the first thing we did - was our massage.  Both my mom and I were impressed with excellent massages.  My mom wouldn't stop talking about hers and was moved by her masseuse's care and concern.  My masseuse, Linda R., was highly skilled and had the strongest hands ever.  Both are at the top of their field.  But alas, a great massage does not make a spa.  If you're looking for a high class, relaxing, full service spa, this is NOT the best choice in this area.  BTW, it might appear that I'm the only one rating this a 1-star, but if you click on "filtered reviews" at the bottom of the reviews, you'll see 5 more disgruntled customers rating it the same...
5	We went on a TravelZoo coupon and were treated royally.  I had been here several years ago and remember the amazing massage I received.  Tammi was my masseuse  this time around and she did an amazing job.I love the Eucalyptus room and the waterfall massage.  The spa lunch was tasty and felt so fresh and healthy.  The service was good, the spa was clean and the cabana rooftop pool was the icing on the cake.
3	The Fairmont grounds are beautiful. The buildings are very spread out so you could be walking a good distance from your room to the pool or hotel bar. When I visited, the Willow Stream spa was under construction so not all the amenities were available. While unpleasant to the eye, you could only hear the drilling etc when you checked in at the concierge. The spa services are located downstairs and I could not hear any noise during my service.My masseuse was on time to pick me up from the wait area and very professional.  Of the spa amenities, I loved the aromatherapy room. A room comfortable temperature pumping lavender, spice and all sorts of relaxing, and rejuvenating fragrances.  I would love to come back during the warmer months and once construction is complete. I didn't feel like I got the full spa experience but can definitely tell this place would be top notch.
5	AMAZING!!  The best spa & overall facility that I've ever been to. Any treatment (including just a haircut) opens up the entire facility to you for the day. This includes a full gym, exercise/yoga/etc. classes, sauna, aromatherapy room, steam room, waterfall massage, rooftop pool & lounge area, and on and on and on. The staff is wonderful and accomodating to a fault. The locker room is clean and fully stocked with everything you can think of needing. The complimentary hot & cold beverage bar w/ healthy snacks is the icing on the relaxation cake.If you go, plan on spending the entire day there. You won't regret it.
5	Five star day. Top notch everything. The other reviews have been gushing enough, so I'll just leave it at that. We spent a Tuesday there, so we basically had the place to ourselves. Going on a weekday is recommended.Our deep tissue massage didn't seem very "deep," but was uber relaxing. Mmmm I can 't wait to go back.
5	Best - Spa - Ever!  You HAVE to go here.  In fact, my wife and I are considering coming back to Scottsdale to visit JUST to stay at the Fairmont Princess and hang out at the spa all week.  It's amazing.  - Waterfall massage with three levels of pressure- Cold plunge- Steam room- Sauna - Hot tub- Lavender Inhalation Room- Lots of private showers with double doors for privacy- Keypad lockers- Free snacks/food and hot/iced tea (3 flavors)- Private pool on the roof with free cabanas- Full menu - we had the smoothies and salads- and they were great! My wife and I both had a massage and for me, it was the best deep-tissue massage I've ever had (hands-only... I've had an Ahisatsu massage by Amanda Melvyn at EquiVita in Grandview many times and haven't found anything that beats it, unfortunately).  But hands-only - hands-down best deep tissue massage ever.Can't wait to go back!
5	Tagged along with a posh aunt here. I've never been one for spas, but this place is near-surreal-gorgeous. While the Phoenician tops the Princess in nearly every other way, their spa is blah compared to this place (well, except for the gym, but really, who goes to a spa to workout). I had a massage here--not the best, but still very good--and after the rub-down, the masseuse cracked open the back door to the room to let in the sound of one of their many waterfalls, and then left me to drown in super-relaxed serenity. So, after I staggered back to the main spa area, I downed a lot of ice water and some sort of tea infusion that they have sitting out at various places. After drinking and changing, I proceeded to the inner spa area. Tall ceilings and marble walls, a room used exclusively for inhaling eucalyptus oil, saunas, and smaller split-up jacuzzi pools that have all the opulence of an elite Roman bathhouse but none of the forced viewing of a stranger's ladybits. It also helped that I was there late in the day, so I didn't have to share with anyone. Anyways, if you have the money (or in my case, if you know someone who does) treat yourself here sometime. It's mind-meltingly relaxing.
4	On Friday, our company decided we needed a much needed break so we headed over to Willow Stream Spa at the Fairmont some R&R. I mean since my company made me go I just had to oblige as I couldn't disappoint them. We started off with a lovely lunch in the Spa area. I had the cobb salad which was pretty good but the quinoa crab cakes and the curry chicken wraps looked divine and I should have gotten that instead .  We also did some laughing yoga, which unfortunately I did not see the point nor was I a fan however my coworkers seemed to have gotten a kick out of it. They are weird bunch so they tend to like anything.Although I do not remember our main hostess' name, I do remember Miss Theresa who made sure we knew the ins and outs of the lovely spa area and OMG what a massive Spa area this place has. From the fitness center, to the water fall, to the jacuzzi, to the steam rooms,  to the showers from heaven to everything in between. Followed by the rooftop pool where Patrick and Andrew made sure our drinks kept coming and were plenty strong. Man this place was impressive.  However the massage that Miss Lark gave me had me about to to pass out it was so relaxing. Seriously this place is top notch and the prices are very reasonable should you decide to come on your own. Which believe me, I will definitely be back again soon. Thank you to the entire staff at Willow Stream Spa for taking such good care of us for our Wellness day. You went above and beyond and we couldn't have been happier.
5	I'm not sure why I never reviewed Well & Being at Willow Stream ... Oh .. right... I want to keep it a secret.  Ok... so .. Spas are great... and most are focused on relaxation...regrettably, it appears that spas have now become the "springboard" pre-marriage or pre-baby "fun spot"... BLEK!!!!!  Thank god this place is upscale, extremely professional and does not seem to encourage a "party" environment.    Although I loved Joya back when... however, it soon became abused by the "1st time spa" groups.. This type of behavior is not conducive to a relaxing experience.   None-the-less I try and avoid weekends at any spa primarily for that reason.Well & Being has the best layout in the valley..  Tranquil, multi level, professional ... and great hiding places if you want to avoid over-hearing true life comparisons to the "fifty shades of grey" book.  (Side note: .. after overhearing so many of these stories... it's clear people are sheltered and not well traveled).The Men's facilities are modern, masculine & very clean.  Grooming amenities are not highly scented or offensive.  Full services include swiss shower, steam, jacuzzi, cold plunge, sauna and eucalyptus inhalation room.  The "shaving bar" turns a chore into a pleasure!  They have an awesome custom designed co-ed hydrotherapy / waterfall area, which has about 5 different waterfalls.  Each one is specifically engineered to provide focused / defined pressure and therapies to the guest... unfortunately some people don't realize the engineering marvel and tend to "linger & chat" thus delaying others from using the therapy for its intended purpose. The entire staff is always professional and inherently willing to go above and beyond. I have never encountered a rude or condescending staff member, which is so common in that industry.  I've only booked the same massage therapist and that's Dan... I have no reason to see anyone else; he is a true professional, with the skill and background to ensure a truly effective session!  The lunches are always good...but I have to thank god that the cob salad is on the menu, That's my choice to ensure I get a good sized meal, that is not completely "spa stripped" of the typical manly enjoyments of fat and flavor.   I hope that this review has both interested the serious and frightened off the groups of loud, obnoxious people that want an inexpensive avenue to recognize a special someone.
1	Review for RIP SURFER CLASS.  I just want to clarify that this review if for the Fitness class and is in no way a reflection of the spa.  I have been to the spa in the past and it is a beautiful, first class experience.  Unfortunately, I cannot say the same of the fitness class.A bunch of girlfriends and I decided it would be fun to try out a new workout.  There were 9 of us, and we made a reservation ahead of time for the Rip Surfer class.  Here is the description:"SurfSet reinvigorates the typical cardio and weighttraining routine by fusing all the elements of surfing into a high intensity fat-burning session.  SurfSet shakes things up, continually challenging the body with dynamic angles, a fast tempo and an unstable surface."I'm really sad and disappointed to say that the ONLY thing true about this description is the unstable surface.  There were two instructors that evening and they started by splitting us up into two groups.  One group did the surf set and crank, while others moved to another room to do TRX.  Then we swapped.  The class was supposed to be 60 min long.  I don't think we got a total 60 min workout.  Between explaining things and moving all around.  We may have gotten a 45-50 min workout.  Additionally, we wanted to do this experience as a GROUP.  Which is why we signed up as a GROUP-- not to be split up.We may have gotten 20 min of actual workout on the surf boards.  The rest of the workout was done on TRX and Crank machines.  I did not pay $20 to workout on machines that I could use at my regular gym.  I paid $20 to try a new workout!  The workout itself was NOT at all high intensity.  Not to take away from the instructors who were very fit for their age, but we were a group of 9 women who work out regularly.  There was not a single person who found this workout to be physicially challenging or exciting.  It was unorganized, mundane and quite frankly a waste of time and money in my opinion.Being that the Princess is a top tier spa, our expecations were set higher.  Between the $20 and $5 spent tipping the valet (because self parking was no where to be found. and by the way- the valet guy actually tried charging me $8 for parking also)-- total expense for this "experience" was $25.  Again... the spa is fabulous and I would go back, but this Surf class was a total joke and I will not be returning.  Terribly disappointing because it seems like a really cool concept and it is not offered in many places.
5	I'm a local and came here with a Travelzoo offer - the spa and the facilities are one of the best I've been to.  Steam rooms, waterfall, spa dedicated pool, etc.  Would highly recommend and love to come back!
5	I imagine it would be tough to work at the Willow Stream Spa. "Hey, Jason! The waterfall massage pool is for spa guests only! Get back to work!"Sorry, boss. It's 95 degrees warm in there and my shoulders need some TLC. At least I'm not bent over under the cascade of H2O like one of the Kardashians massaging my lower back & booty."Jason! You can't be in the rooftop pool right now, you have to teach one of those yoga classes where the participants dangle from elastic curtains suspended from the ceiling!"Sorry, boss. I feel like a high roller just looking at this pool and cabanas, surrounded by palm trees and clear blue sky, I had to take me a dip.Are all spas this good looking and glamorously appointed? The men's locker room has zero-gravity lounges and an HDTV. A far cry from my local YMCA.I think this may be among the most peaceful and relaxing places I've ever been to and if you book a Gold Club room, it's included with your stay at The Princess.
2	I was in town for the iQmetrix Retailer Summit and decided to grab a quick bite at the Well & Being. I had the Roasted Red Beet Salad which was described as "Seasonal apples, frise'e, and a flax seed vinaigrette" and my colleague had the Curry Yogurt Chicken Breast Lettuce Wraps described as "Raisins, green apples, butter lettuce, Israeli couscous, and a tomato-cucumber salad."First, I had to ask what Frise'e is. Apparently it's a really frizzy (hence the name?) green. Once I saw it I remember eating this before in other salads.The salad itself was a real let down. The frise'e is really bitter, as was the apple. The Roasted Red Beet (that headlined the salad 's name) was minimally proportioned and a welcome break between the bitter bites.The salad really needed something acidic, I squoze the orange from my drink into it. It just wasn' t enough. It could be vastly improved with a mix of greens (add some Butter Lettuce, and perhaps some sliced tomato?) and please add some more beets or change the name!My colleague said the tomato-cucumber salad was, "slimey."
5	Go here, you won't regret it.
5	My favorite place to escape! Clear your day, bring a friend, a journal, and your bathing suit. They have everything else. I recommend getting there early in the day and staying all day long. But only get one or two services, otherwise you are in the waiting room most of the day. You will want to enjoy this spas facilities.This spa stays open later than most. I will usually leave closer to 8 or 9 pm. If you are getting manis or pedis get them at the end of your stay so that you can enjoy the wonderful water features. I recommend several dips in the waterfall, especially before a massage. The inhalation room is another favorite. Another bonus you don't see at many spas; they give good snacks. They have several types of teas and coffee. They have muffins out in the morning, and organic cookies in the afternoon. There are piles of apples and drink stations in several places around the spa. Because I stay all day long, I do order lunch. But is it nice to have other options depending on your length of stay.
5	Last week was the Yoga Journal Conference in San Francisco, this week it is the Willow Stream Spa at the Fairmont in Scottsdale, AZ.  I started with the Bod Pod to measure my body fat and muscle. Debbie explained -- without judgment (thank you Debbie) -- that I now need to work with weights along with the yoga and walking.  The Bod Pod was a very easy procedure; just walk into the pod, it closes, a little air comes in, 50 seconds later, the test is done; she did this 3 times to make sure it was accurate. Debbie was great because she politely reviews the facts -- no judgment. It is easier to hear then.  And, she gave me ideas.  I purchased the fitbit and have been putting in my steps.  GREAT experience.
5	What a fabulous relief from the harsh NJ cold!  Myself and a girlfriend went out to AZ to visit a friend and we thought a spa day would be perfect!  My girlfriend who lives in Tempe had been to this spa before, so she recommended it.To start, in an effort to bring down the price ($169 for a hot stone massage plus tip brings you to $200) we purchased Spafinder gift cards at Costco $160 for $200.  Even if we didn't, it is well worth the money, because you get to use the facility for the day!  We booked in advance, and because there were 3 of us we got a free spa lunch.  Upon arrival you set up your lunch time and pick your meal choice.  We then went into the locker rooms to get changed prior to our treatments, which was first on the agenda for the day.I had the most amazing hot stone massage from a gentleman named Dan.  He was able to sustain heavy pressure for the entire time and definitely loosened up a lot of my knots.  My girlfriends had some kind of scrub and hair conditioning?   They both had a great experience.Lunch followed the treatments.  They had an table reserved for us and brought us what we ordered.  I had a Cobb salad which was delicious and my friends had crab cakes and the quinoa burger.  They said the burger was dry but crab cakes were good.  Overall, the lunch was good.We went back into the changing room and changed into our swimsuits.  We the enjoyed the waterfall hot tub and the steam room.  There is also an aromatherapy room, plunge pool (I didn't discover that until we were ready to leave), sauna, and additional Hot tubs.  Note that the aromatherapy room, Sauna, steam room, plunge pool, and hot tubs are located in the women's locker room (no men allowed).  We then went up to the roof pool for the next few hours and enjoyed the sun.They also have a gym (which we did not use) and classes you can take while there.  Also have showers, towels, blow driers, toiletries, etc.The facilities are very clean and the entire staff is very friendly.  Well worth $200 for a day of relaxation.  You also get water, tea, muffins, etc included in the priced.We did want to use the gym but went wrong in scheduling our treatment first.  After those treatments you are so relaxed there is no way you are working out.  Next time we go back (oh yes, there will be a next time) we will get there earlier, work out first, then treatment, lunch, hot tub pool etc,This place is fabulous!  Definitely worth the money!
5	Friendly staff, serene surroundings, lovely and clean facilities. I have received several services here and each has been first rate. The waterfall spa on the veranda is quite nice as well. Be sure to order lunch and sit in the atrium after your morning service. Highly recommend. A nice little spa boutique as well
2	I sort of hate to give this spa only two stars, since the facilities are gorgeous.  We had a lovely day here - the rooftop pool is nice, and we really enjoyed the indoor and outdoor jacuzzis.  A minor annoyance was the fact that about half of the seats at the pool were cabana style, and were pay-only.  Given how expensive the spa is, it felt grubby to be asked to also pay for a cabana at the pool.  Even more annoying was at first there weren't enough lounge chairs, and even though 2/3 of the cabanas were empty, we weren't allowed to sit there.  I saw some people perching at the side of the pool on a towel - they didn't look comfortable.The real reason for the low stars is that the treatments were mediocre.  I had a deep tissue massage and my friend had a regular signature massage -- and both were lame.  I can't speak to the details of hers, other than her disappointment, but mine was sort of a joke - the masseuse hit the exact same spot in my mid-back OVER and OVER - so I got some "deep tissue" on this one place and nowhere else.  He also had one or two bizarre techniques (I could sense his arms moving rapidly/wildly) that accomplished nothing, and he didn't get into my upper shoulders AT ALL.  He also spent at least 5 minutes of the 60 draping me, adjusting the bed, moving towels around, etc. It felt like too much wasted time.  I don't need my leg perfectly wrapped - just dig into my muscles, please.I've had amazing messages at the Setai in NY, the Wynn in Vegas, etc., so I know what to expect and what a good deep tissue massage is.  This was not.  I feel a little bad since the guy was nice, but when you're paying $211 for a treatment, it should be amazing.
5	This is the 3rd time I have been at the Fairmont and visited the Well and Being or Willow Stream before the name change. I always go off season when the temperatures are in the triple digits (get the lower room rates this way). I have been able to figure out how to stay cool, be outside and enjoy all aspects of the spa. The facilities are so pleasant. The gym has some great state of the art equipment. The spa is separated men from women but the outdoor waterfall is coed as is the rooftop pool. The indoor area is amazing, the jacuzzi, cold plunge is in a circular domed area. Reminds me of Roman bath houses. I love the eucalyptus inhalation room. If you want to sit in the solarium, have a smoothie or lunch brought in, you can do that as well. The treatments are amazing. I have had everything from the decadent over the top Haviusupai Falls. It starts with a salt scrub, bath, massage, and  shiridara (warm oil slowly poured on your forehead into your hair). It is 2 hours of sheer bliss. Yes it is pricey but so worth it. I had the back soother: moor mud on your back for detoxing and then a heated jade stone and back massage. The reflexology was incredible as well.I think going off season and mid week helps with giving a sense of quiet and privacy. I was told that peak season and weekends there are 20 people in the waterfall pool vs 3 when i was there.Very worth it!
5	Just had a super-relaxing day here.  The spa facilities are probably my favorite of all the resorts here.  The eucalyptus inhalation room was wonderful- I can never go in most inhalation rooms because the steam gets me overheated.  This one was room temperature and was perfect.  The outdoor waterfall massage pool was as good as advertised- a really unique experience.  It was August in Arizona, so there were not too many people at the rooftop pool, which was nice.  I had a massage with Valerie and she did a great job.  Highly recommend this spa.
5	Went to AZ for a friends wedding. There was a 4 hr gap btw ceremony and reception. I decided to explore... I found the Willow Stream Wellness Spa at the Fairmont Princess. Excellent customer service. From the moment you walk up to the door you are greeted and oriented. They give you a bottle of water even before you decide if u will have a procedure, then they have a menu of services. I chose the energizing Mani-Pedi, done by the lovely Martha she was wonderful and attentive. A warm pack was placed on my neck and shoulders to relax me while my hands and arms were scrubbed and massaged for 45 min prior to my Mani, then moved to a spa where I was covered with a warm towel while she massaged my legs and tootsies!!! I really needed this; I was running on no sleep having woke at 4am to catch my 6am flight... This was all in the early morning while I waited for a room to open up for check in... The best part was later I got a tour of the spa. My Mani-pedi entitled me to full use of their luxurious rooftop pool and complimentary cabanas...saunas steam room Eucalyptus Inhalation room (sooo relaxing), and Swedish baths until 10 pm that day... The locker rooms were clean,  showers offer complimentary all the necessary toiletries, fruit, muffins, and  juices. I later returned, and indulged in some much needed me time!!! If u are in Scottsdale need to take a breather, or a full day of spa the Fairmont princess is the place!
5	Pretty sweet spot - top 2 spas I have been two and I can't remember the other one so I guess this is it.This place has top notch amenities with my favorite details being the eucalyptus spray in the shower, the comfortable reading chairs in the waiting area, and the unique pool floats at the rooftop pool.  Also at the pool I appreciated the complimentary sunscreen and waters available. The waterfall pool also being a nice feature.For serious gym goers the gym here is a bit limited both in space and equipment particularly if others are also in the room.  Also small details here are still missing like the confusion where to have your meal served as they do not ask you that on the meal form.  Also the men's toilet sink area I visited did not offer soap or towels, not sure if it was an oversight or if I was supposed to go to another room to wash up.  Finally, I tried the smoothies but at $10 these are truly overpriced for the small amount you get, particularly for men.  Consider different sizes and a better pricing format.I paid for the bod pod service to measure fat percentage.  Primarily because it was fairly priced.  My only comment on this service was the sheet provided with the analysis talks about kcal information and to learn more see the additional information sheet which was not provided or offered during the service.In conclusion, while I rate this location 5 stars primarily for the beautiful property, there is certainly areas that could use improvement.  I imagine the toughest challenge for a business like this is learning how to avoid complacency and continuing to offer the highest level of service imaginable.
5	What a beautiful spot. I surprised my wife with a couples spa day and we were treated like royalty. The spa itself is beautiful with lots of treatment options. The staff is knowledgable, patient and professional. The rooftop pool is gorgeous and lunch was excellent to boot! Highly recommended and will definitely return to this beautiful desert oasis.
5	Wonderful spa with great amenities. I have had both massage and facials here and both have been great. You can really make this an all day retreat. They have good prickly pear lemonade and other spa snacks. The multiple pools are nice and relaxing. I highly recommend for a wonderful spa day.
5	I recently completed an Ironman Triathlon. That consists of a 2.4 mile swim followed by a 112 mile bike ride and then a 26.2 mile run. I felt pretty good afterwards but my parents planned ahead and gave me a gift certificate and they made an appointment for me for the next day.  I'm not a "spa guy" but I figured why not? It's paid for already.I woke up the next morning with some swelling in my feet, my calf and thigh muscles ached and my knees and lower back hurt.  Other than that, I felt great!I got the "sports massage" which involves mild and deep pressure with oil. The masseuse also used heat and cold for the swelling and inflammation.  It felt fantastic.In addition to the massage I also used the adults-only waterfall. I was the only guy but I felt comfortable. The therapeutic effects diminished somewhat by that evening but I felt a lot better than I did when I hobbled into the spa.I may have to treat myself to this more often.
5	Officially on the TOP 3 SPAS IN MY WORLD LIST. I'm not an uber-experienced spa goer, but I have been to some pretty nice spas around the world...and this spa is on par with the terme spa at the Grand Wailea on Maui, and the Four Seasons in Hong Kong harbor. TIP: Spa meals take up to 45 min for prep/delivery at peak times. Plan accordingly. The spa is 40,000 sq feet but it feels intimate and approachable at every turn. 1. PERFECT service. Towels magically refresh. Water handily available as well as prickly pear lemonade, ice tea, waters, wine, cucumber collins...hydrate or inebriate...it's up to you. Snacks, smoothies...it's all available and all the non-alcohol options are gratis.2. PERFECT water temps. The coed waterfall area is magical. The rooftop coed pool water temp is so perfect, and the big floating pillows are also magical and relaxing. 3. PERFECT environments. There are places to be social, places for solitude/meditation...fitness center with surf workouts and aerial yoga...again - just so many well-planned spaces at the right scale. 4. PERFECT dressing room amenities. Everything down to the hairdryers, brushes, cosmetic supplies, etc is fabulous. 5. PERFECT MIX OF SPA PRODUCTS. The spa store carries multiple, leading product lines along a range of luxury levels - Kerestase, Naturopathica, Kai...there were so many to choose from! I had a Bod Pod assessment done to accurately measure my body fat %, so that was a HUGE bonus!
5	The massage was just as good as any other massage. The customer service, ambiance, and amenities are what puts this spa over the top. The key to great customer service is anticipating the needs of your customers before they even ask for them. That's where they really stood out.
