3	First time at the new Taco Mac in University was a bit disappointing. After begin seated, we were ignored by wait staff for 10 minutes, until the manager, Willy walked by and we asked to change the channel which he did all before our server made it to us. Once we received our food orders, 2 of the 3 orders had to go back. One was her error which she owned up to and the other was a kitchen error. When checks came, we had to again send 2 of the 3 back. All in all, the wings and beer selection are great but the staff need improvement.
3	the service was great, probably because we decided to go watch the heat/miami game on a tues night at 930...i ordered the chili con queso and it came with tortillas and chips, the tortillas reminded me of good ol texas...anyways i tried the mecklenberg fru bock and it was horrible, i got a warsteiner pretty good and a miller lite....do you see the regression pattern...anyways u have never been to a place where almost every square in of the wall was covered in brand new flat screens...i thought i hit my 409 cholestrol mark and died...awesomeness
4	First I was a little leery of this place only because it seemed to come out of nowhere, but I bucked up and decided to try it for lunch with a co-worker.  We were in the mood for wings, so it seemed like a natural choice.Couple things:  1)  Location:  It's tucked back away from WT Harris and it's a little hard to see if you aren't looking for it.  Huge minus is the parking lot - looks like there is one entrance and it's a bit hard to get to with islands no U-turn signs around the lot.  2) Renovated:  If I remember correctly this place used to be a steakhouse and didn't look busy at all most of the time... hopefully the draw of TacoMac will be different than it's previous owner.  The plus is that it is very spacious inside.  I don't know what the inside of the steakhouse looked like before but it seems like they didn't really do too much aside from adding a large number of TVs... They are everywhere.  I would imagine that this would be a place to watch sporting events as they have a ton of speakers in the ceiling as well.  3)  Food:  It did take a while for our wings to come out, but they were good - freshly tossed in the chosen sauces and piping hot.  4)  Service:  left a bit to the imagination as we came in and there were like 15 servers standing around talking to each other and hanging out.  I guess they anticipate a large lunch crowd, but if there are more servers than customers... this place may not last too long.I'm eager to go back and try their burgers and sandwiches.  Their wings are a check for me (though I am used to other places that offer more of a variety of wing sauces).
2	Not sure why I keep expecting this place to get better but it doesn't. Order an app, which showed up after only one of our two entrees appeared 15 minutes after the first entree. Servers are friendly, but this place has a long way to go.
4	My other half and I went here last night after work, so we arrived late- about 10:45 PM on a Tuesday. We found a sparsely populated bar and booth area, which was no surprise given the time of day and week. Still a good number of servers on the floor, and the house manager, Cooper, was on deck as well. Full menu was available until 2 AM, which is great for those of us who work 2nd shift.Service was good, very friendly, very accomodating (other half was not definite about his beer selection, and needed help/samples/prodding). Downside: no one seemed to know the beers all that well. Upside: too damned many beers to actually know in 6 weeks of being open! The beer menu looked a lot like the Flying Saucer Flypaper, which is a good format. There are no flights, a/k/a themed sampler trays offered; having them could be an improvement. If you're going to go head-to-head with the Saucer, you need to promote your variety. Just sayin'.Food was as varied as the beer. We opted for the nachos-huge!- and a dessert- chocolate chimi-yummy!!! Note to self: Nachos are really big for two people as an appetizer, but just right as an entree to split. Ditto the dessert.Back to staff. Our server was extremely nice. Ask for Noelle. Tell her I sent you, and that I still don't know where I recognize her from! *g*.
4	Taco Mac has the best wings around! The beer selection is always outstanding, albeit a little highly priced. The 'brewniversity' is a great idea to try out new brews.This is a new location, the service wasn't the best but there was a large birthday party there at the same time, maybe 30 people. So I'm sure that affected it.You should definitely give this place a try.
4	Fun place to meet up with friends.  Lots of big screens with just about every sports game imaginable.  In that respect its an ADD nightmare.I was slightly underwhelmed with the Appetizers.  I joined the "Brewniversity" which tracks the beers I've had and offers rewards for sampling each of the beers.  It requires registering online, and when I did none of the beers I had appeared on my card.  I'll ask about that on my next visit.
5	My family went there last night for the first time.  One complaint, the parking spaces are the smallest I've ever seen, you better not go there in a monster truck, think I'll take the Mini next time.  Place was packed and we were told a twenty minute wait. I was sorta glad to see that business seems to be doing well cause that part of town has had several  restaurants go under recently.  Anyway, we got a table after about 15 minutes. Oh, wow, this place has more TVs that anyplace I've ever been in  its sorta neat to try and take it all in. IMHO they've done a great job remodeling a old steakhouse. Anyway service was outstanding(I think I gave our waiter about a 30% tip.  He was that good)  The food was outstanding, the wings were the BEST I've ever had. And the beer was great.  And I thought prices were very reasonable.  We'll diffidently be back.  Certainly makes my list of top 10 restaurants to go to.
2	I'd heard great things about this place and had high hopes. Like the Flying Saucer, only with more tvs and better food. Ok,sounds coolI met a buddy for lunch. We sat at a booth, and there was a flat screen tv directly behind my head, and one behind his. Both blaring the latest on the NFL lock out situation. Not a bad thing. Unless you have A.D.D. Something I could look past, and even enjoy during a big game.The waitress was nice,...but I'm looking at the menu, and don't see the beer list. WHAT? The first thing you see at the Flying Saucer is the Fly Paper. Maybe it's wrong to compare the two, but don't advertise 200 beers, and then not provide a beer list with the menu. Even if it is lunch time. My buddy asked for the list. He knows his beers so he luckily didn't need any input from the waitress. I don't think she'd have been any help.   Everything was fine until the food arrived. I had a "hollywood" chicken sandwich with cole slaw, sub cheddar for swiss, no pickles. The sandwich was bland, the bun was soggy, the chicken tasted like it was grilled the night before and zapped in the microwave, and the cheese was generic and bland. Worse still, wedged between the plastic cheese and the rubber chicken breast, waiting to jack up my afternoon....chopped up pickles. Good thing I'm not allergic or anything. The slaw was terrible. I mean come on, how do you mess up COLE SLAW! It's mayonnaise, salt, pepper, sugar, and shredded cabbage. They put pickles in their slaw as well. Some people like pickles, I don't and hoped that the waitress would have caught that when I asked for no pickles.My buddy order the Los Cabos fish tacos. They looked decent. But didn't look like anything they serve in Cabo San Lucas. And if you're going to rip off a hip Mexican restaurant, try somewhere that doesn't do a bustling business in the same town as you. He had a similar issue with his side. He ordered "fresh fruit". The waitress told him it was just apples. It came out, no lie, still in the plastic "Mott's" bag, like they serve kids at Burger King. At least at Burger King, he would have gotten a toy to go with his kid's meal. Taco Mac has a long way to go. Until then I'll stick to the Flying Saucer. The food is consistent, the beer selection is better, and the staff is knowledgeable about the beer they're serving.I won't be going back unless someone else is paying.
4	This place is new and different and has a very cool feel to it.Why they call it Taco Mac I have no idea because it has nothing to do with Taco's.They have over 100 beers on draft...including Bells Two Hearted ale.Me and my son stopped in for a light lunch on a Friday...it wasn't busy at all. We sat at the bar and got great service from Hannah.I had the shrimp and avocado salad...it was tasty but I wish they had taken the shell off the shrimp.This will be 'the place' to watch a Panthers road game.
3	Taco Mac is a southwestern inspired American restaurant that will satisfy one's craving for good food and television. This place provides a diverse menu from tacos to burgers and wings. Also, there is a plethora of drink options- from a large assortment of beer options to several soft drink combinations containing your choice of flavored syrup. Another great quality of Taco Mac is it's operating hours, as it stays open pretty late. The only complaint I have  is the speed of service. In the evening, service is extremely slow. However, day time service is average.
4	OK... so the food is your average chain bar type. Big deal. What this place has is a great beer selection and more TVs than I've ever seen in an establishment like this before. even some tables with frigging beer taps built into the table ffs!Seen some other reviews mention bad or slow service. Say What?!  We received excellent service with a smile and have no complaints whatsoever. Best news.... It's almost football season and the next Taco Mac will be opening IN MY NEIGHBORHOOD soon!  Seriously....  Within walking distance in what used to be the horrible Max and Erma's.  Can you get a walking while intoxicated charge?
4	I am giving Taco Mac 4 stars because it is better than any of the other restaurants around it.  We got the nachos and wings.  The nachos were piled high as nachos should be.  The wings were good too.  I think they are better than the two wing places in the area (buffalo wild wings or wild wing cafe).  However, the habanero BBQ were not that hot for being second hottest wing.  Also, hot, medium, and mild just mean how much sauce they put on the wings so I recommend getting hot.  Taco Mac has a wonderful beer selection that is a little pricy. More TV's than anywhere.
3	Beer selection is very nice. My only complaint is they never have a beer on special...ever. Sure, you get a pint glass on Thursday if you come at the right time, but a discounted brew of the day would go a long way for making me return more than once a year. My roasted wings were actually pretty good, although the Three Mile Island roasted was not very hot...not sure if it is just because they were roasted or that the sauce just wasn't very hot. It turned out to be delicious, but i was actually looking for more burn on this night. Service was fine, although i would've ordered a 2nd beer, but she never looked my way or offered before offering the check. i would think a place with this much beer would expect someone to have more than one beer or at least offer. Definitely a great spot for sports. Sat in a booth and while you have one tv directly above the people across from you, the tvs are situated perfectly where you can watch the tv at the next booth as well. If those don't have what you want, turn to your left or right and it will probably be on there.
5	Great Beer selection! The tap tables are awesome! Food isn't the best... but honestly, I don't go there to eat.
3	It was ok. We went there to watch a game and it took a while to get seated. They sat us at our own tv but then failed to put the game on for about 15 minutes which was annoying. The food was okay not the best nachos but a good beer selection for sure.
4	great place to watch the game & grab some drinks.  huge beer selection and tv's are everywhere.  regardless of where you are sitting (or if you are blind as a bat), you shouldn't have a problem viewing the game :)food is good, it's not a gourmet restaurant by no means, but if you are looking for a gourmet cuisine you probably shouldn't go to a place famous for "Brewniversity" and that probably should also be a sign that it's probably not the best place for kids, but i don't have kids so what do i know :)check it out & cheer on the PANTHERS & the TAR HEELS!!
2	I'm downgrading my rating due to a really bad experience last night.  I guess that the "secret" is out on Taco Mac glass night and my normal running crew planned to be there to run a quick 1.5 mile run specifically around the apartments behind the Taco Mac and then go in to enjoy a beer or two to cool down and have some laughs.  Our main goal was to get the free glass - which was a glow in the dark skull glass....  We sat down and waiting a good 10minutes before someone even approached us - I don't know if it was because we were all sweaty, or whatnot, but the waitress was nice enough and we ordered - specifically asking for the beer selection that would get us the free glasses.  At first our waitress said we all had to sign up for Brewniversity... which was not the case last time.  Some of us were already members anyway, but that was the first sign of trouble.Later another server came with 1 beer.... I thought it was strange.  But just ran with it.  It took them about 10min to finally get all the other beers.... between all the servers... there were about 3 trips to get all the beers to the table.  The last server brought a huge tray (ended up with 3 extra beers that he took back to the bar).  Anyways, everyone had their brew and were somewhat satisfied.Usually once they bring the beer, they bring the glasses with it... but not this time.I made sure when we ordered food to ask our waitress if there were glasses left... and she said, "YES".  It was really hard to get her when we needed something as well.  Refills and other orders.  Super annoying.Food didn't take that long, but once again,it came piece meal...and some of our orders were wrong.  Halfway thru eating the waitress came back and said they were out of glasses.  She kinda gave us a half apology and tried to be cute about it... but man, what a disappointment.I think because of the busy night, the service REALLY SUFFERED.... and for that.. I must update my review.  May have to think twice about TacoMac before returning... but what a sour note to end a supposed fun evening.
3	Great place to watch the big game or any game - BIG tv's everywhere. Depending on the size of your group, I recommend sitting in a booth which has tv's right in your face. You'll get sound overhead for the most prominent game. The beer list is the reason to come here, over 100 on tap and another 100 in the bottle. The service can be a bit spotty depending on the crowd, but normally it's on par. I haven't found any food that is worth ordering, so I just stick to the brew. The price of beer isn't the best, so I go with 3 stars.
2	Great service.  Excellent television coverage.  Not so good food.  Not even the fries.
4	Fish tacos are pretty good! tons of beer choices too.
3	Gave it a 3 due the the cool draft situation at my table. 3 taps at my disposal and charged by the oz. quite cool. The tv set was great for MNF. That was where is stopped. Food was weak (wings were exception as they were good). Every thing else was a bit suspect. Service was non existent! Probably will return for beer and sports. Maybe some wings. But avoid the rest of the menu.
3	Be prepared for poor service. Server didn't know the menu or the beer selections. It took 4 requests just for water
1	Worst and I mean WORST service ever...... We were a group of 9 who went for lunch. Food took around 45 plus minutes to come. And when we complained to the manager he said "okay" and left. We asked the waitress why is food taking so long so she says it takes long for large group and it will take some more time. I have never seen such a rude manager before. He did not even tell us that he will take care of our bill (which he did). When one of my friends went to show her weird taco, he said don't worry I will take care of your bill.Once we ate - nobody came to us to say anything. We just left. I am going to call their corporate office and file a complaint.I would never ever go there!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	Go for the huge beer selection and TVs, not so much for the food. Staff is largely populated by college students who don't seem very knowledgable about the menu in some cases.
3	I don't know why I thought ordering chicken with one of Taco Mac's specialty hot sauces at this location would be any different from ordering at the one in SouthPark.  As our *beloved* former president Bush would say, "Fool me once, shame on...shame on you. Fool me...you can't get fooled again."  Ah, but you can George, you can!So, how hard is it to actually COAT the chicken in one of their "specialty" sauces?  A few dribbles on top barely gives me a taste of it.  Is that truly acceptable by any chicken wing/finger standard?I ordered a Buffalo Ranch Salad with TMI (Three Mile Island) sauce for the chicken.  As you can surmise, I could barely taste what is extremely spicy sauce.   I also noted that the "chicken" was basically just chunks of fried breading.  There was barely a chicken to be found.   I requested blue cheese dressing instead of ranch.  The salad came with a big glop of chunky blue cheese dressing on top PLUS the server brought another big side of it.   It was a nice gesture, but geez...I didn't say I wanted to drink a glass of blue cheese dressing; I just wanted it in place of the ranch dressing.   I could barely taste the droplets of sauce on the chicken to begin with; with that much dressing, it sealed the deal.  I love Taco Mac's menu options and this particular location -- the interior, the decor, the atmosphere -- but the service here for lunch is always a bit too slow.  Many of us only get an hour for lunch, and that includes drive-time.  I know I am taking my chances by going to a sit-down restaurant for my lunch hour, but I don't think a 20-30 minute wait time after ordering is acceptable for what is basically bar food.  I really wish they'd respect people's lunch times and get some freakin' sauce for their chicken options that are all over the menu.
4	Great Beer selection and decent food.
4	Overall not a bad place. I ordered a turkey barbecue sandwich, wings, and sweet potato fries. Service was good an the atmosphere was nice: more importantly they had TV with hockey on :)
2	The last time I was in this building, it was a steakhouse, and anyone that has been reading for a while knows how I feel about casual steakhouses in general, and perhaps even Texas Land and Cattle specifically.  Put another way: Taco Mac really had a fairly easy comparison to live up to here.  They really didn't make it.Starting off, about all they did on the inside was add a bunch of televisions.  And when I say a bunch, I mean a bunch.  There must be fifty of them.  It is good to have somewhere to go to watch the game, but there are so many, you cannot avoid them if you want to - and to make matters worse, they added glass at the tops of booths (to help with sound from the next table?), so the sets reflect and it looks like there are not fifty, but a hundred sets.  It is really distracting.  But enough about the sets.We went for lunch, specifically because they had a Coke Freestyle machine.  My wife loves them.  But Taco Mac has a full-service variety.  Any of you whipper-snappers may not realize that full-service means that someone gets it for you.  Sorta defeats the fun in the Freestyle - you have a hundred or so flavors to play with, but you have to figure out which you want and order it.  Go to Firehouse instead, where you can check out the touch screen wizardry for yourself.The good news is that there are plenty of servers (presumably so that they can keep those glasses full), and they are friendly enough - but they do not listen well.  We said we didn't want to know about the all-too-impressive beer list, and were promptly told all about it.  We asked for advice, and were given some suggestions - all I can say is that if the suggestions were good, I would hate to have gone with something not suggested.As has been mentioned elsewhere, lunch service is slow.  Don't go here if you're in a hurry.  Even getting the check and paying it can take a while.  Plenty of other options in the area.
3	Taco Mac University is a shining example of the fact that craft beer in Charlotte has come far enough that simply having a good brew list is no longer enough to make you shine. You need to bring in in food, service and atmosphere and I hate to say it but they just don't. The place is loud. Not bustling, not "a little noisy". LOUD NOISES, loud. The staff is not unpleasant by any means, but they don't wow me with either their personality or awareness.I do have to say that the Queso Poblano was tasty and definitely an appetizer for 2. I would also be remiss to completely gloss over the beer list. It is massive. Bottles, drafts, big beers, lighter beers, probably even Light beers (but I really didn't check). It's all there and it's all decently priced. For me though, there are are too many better places in town to grab a good beer to make Taco Mac a regular watering hole.
4	I was having lunch with a friend in the University City area, who suggested Taco Mac.  First thing I noticed were the HD TVs - they are everywhere!  No matter where you are seated you have a good view of several sets.  This must be a sports junkie's paradise!I ordered the Smoked Turkey & Swiss Panini that includes warm smoked turkey and melted Swiss cheese on a crispy ciabatta roll with spicy mustard.  It was also listed as all natural and made with made all-natural,phosphate free and 100% vegetarian fed deli meats.They really piled on the turkey in the sandwich.  With as much meat as it had, it could have used a bit more mustard to enhance the flavor.Server was efficient and pleasant.  She attended to our table while also giving my friend and I the opportunity to enjoy our conversation.Much better restaurant choice than the nearby Bikinis sports bar.
3	I came here with friends for a nice night out and to get some grub! So let me first say this, they have a lot of televisions. Everywhere you sit, you will be guaranteed to get a screen. And also, be warned the floors are very slippery so when you come in don't run!My friends ordered food and I'm going off of their reactions to the food. They ordered a bacon burger, chicken caesar wrap, and a chocolate chimi. The reactions were that even though the entrees were good, they weren't worth it because they didn't get full! However the desserts had better reactions and this is what they said: "it was bangin."My friend who also ordered the wrap also said that when you see on the menu the fresh fruit for sides, they meant apple slices not extravagant all types of fruit to eat.Overall, it's not bad yet it's not amazing. Prices aren't ridiculous but they could be a little better.
5	Went to Taco Mac on Saturday for the first time with my girlfriend, and had a truly outstanding experience.  Our server Emily was an absolute delight and incredibly knowledgeable.  Food was really good and the atmosphere was wonderful.
4	Decent beer selection. Been twice with friends and once for date night since moving to Charlotte in February. Definitely recommend the Chicken Nachos with queso. Rivals the Mexican food we're used to in CA
2	I visited this place randomly as the first restaurant my party was interested in going to was a bit too crowded.  I hadn't read the reviews, but I had always heard talk of this place while attending school, so I figured I'd give it a shot.When I first walked in, a nice fella had opened the door for us.  When we went to see the hostess, they were nice with seating us, but they weren't as friendly as hostess' usually are, so that's fine.  The service with our waiter was great though.  I say kudos to him.  Service is very important to me, and he was always spot on with that.  He also seemed very knowledgeable of the menu and the beers included.  He was always pleasant checking up on us the whole time we were there.The atmosphere was very chill.  I thought that the restaurant was laid out pretty well.  There is definitely not shortage of TV's, let me tell you that!  Everywhere I turned, I was always able to have a TV in sight.  Not bad if I were a huge sport fanatic.  The booth that I was in felt very comfortable.  It was a big booth, so I liked that I had a lot of elbow room to eat.Now the food, it wasn't the best food that I've had.  I feel like I could have had better food eating at home.  The chips and queso that we had ordered for an appetizer made me a little sad.  I just love queso, and this just didn't hit the right note for me.  The cheese felt like it wasn't melted that great, so after about 2 minutes, it started getting hard to dip.  I had ordered the Burrito Mac and wasn't very pleased with it.  It didn't really have that much flavor, that umph!  The only thing that I did really enjoy from my plate were my fries.  Sad, but true.  Maybe I just wasn't feeling it that night.  I don't think that I would go back here unless friends really insist on going here for lunch or dinner.  Maybe if I end up going another time months from now, my opinion will change, but I hope they will still have the same waiter.
4	$hit load of beers to choose from. Tons of TVs to watch your fav games on. More than makes up for the lackluster food...
2	Decided to visit Taco Mac randomly. Had a craving for Tacos.. Unfortunately they didn't have the best tacos around. But the environment was perfect for watching many sports games simultaneously. Not really for carrying on conversation. The staff was pleasant and their drinks weren't overpriced. But unless I'm drunk already I might not be able to eat their food again with a satisfied smile on my face. Oh, and don't order the fresh fruit side....
3	Beers...AWESOME...great selection, stuff you cant find everywhere...the food...EH...I wouldnt go out of my way to eat here, but If your looking for a good beer and a million TV's, this would work for you!
1	Let me first start out with a few positives.  They have a very good beer selection.  Some of the tables in the bar area have their own taps.  The food is pretty good, but a little overpriced.  The fries are excellent.  They also have a ton of TVs.Now let's get to the service.  I've been there 3 or 4 times and the service is consistently terrible.  Maybe it's their proximity to UNCC, but whatever it is they need to get it fixed.  In my most recent visit we were seated for 5 minutes before a server ever came over.  I had to ask for a beer menu.  They have over 100 beers, why don't they just give you a beer menu with the regular menu?  My beer was almost empty when our food arrived and I quickly finished it once I started eating.  I didn't see our server again until after I was finished eating then she asked me if I wanted another.  I told her no, just a check.  She said she would get it and bring my daughter her oreos.  After another 10 minutes went by we finally got the check and of course, no oreos.  Needless to say I won't be going back.
4	This was my first visit, but definately will not be my last ! The service was great, and the food was delicious !! I had the Turkey-Que ( turkey with BBQ sauce ) and it was fantastic ! The french fries were AWESOME !! And the sweet tea was great, too !!The only negative is the entrance...if there are more than a couple of people waiting at the hostess station and your leaving, you have to do a little two-stepping, but a small price to pay for a great dinning experience !!Give em' a try, I don't think you will be disappointed !
4	Very cool bar. No Flying Saucer, but awesome none-the-less.Definitely the place to be when there is a game - TVs everywhere. Plenty of tables (many "tables" are island bars with their own taps). Food is pretty tasty (Wings, fried or roasted, medium, +10....they staff will know you're a pro) and prices are fair.Staff is very friendly and fast - I went for a work-day lunch but you can tell these guys and gals can handle the crowds. A little out of the way (not easily visible from Harris and not visible at all from Tryon), but a great place for beer and snacks.
2	Again the food was terrible.   I have eaten here 4 times trying something different each time hoping I'd find something decent.  No dice.  If it was not for the incredible  beer list and amazing amount of TV sports I would not come here at all. I ordered the wings which they tout as their specialty. I can name several spots in the area that are much better. They were big and meaty for sure.  However they were just fried and thrown in a basket. Not tossed in the sauce at all. There was a microscopic squirt of sauce in the side of the basket. Even if I wanted to dunk the wings in the sauce myself i could not because there was not enough of it. Just terrible. Lastly the bar tenders are brain dead. All of them. The personality of a log. Thank heaven for the beer.
4	Ok, I'm going to preface this review with the caveat that I am both a beer snob and a football junky.Went here last Sunday for football.  This was my second time here but had just gone in for a quick lunch the first time so wasn't really paying enough attention to review.The first impression when you enter this place with the intent of watching football is that you have found paradise.  There must be 100 HD tv's in this place.  From my vantage point, other than the men's room, you're about 8 feet away from 3 tv's at any given point in this place!We sat at one of the high top islands that had taps built in.  There was a cluster of 4 tvs directly above us, and they'll tune the tv at your table to whichever game you prefer.  The taps at the table are a little gimmicky, IMO, but a cool touch nonetheless.  The beer menu here is extensive.  I'm not sure exactly how many beers they serve here but it must be over 100.  Prices for the beer were reasonable too.The food that I had was just ok.  I ordered wings (what else do you eat while drinking beer and watching football?).  They were actually a decent size and cooked well, but my problem is with the "sauce" or lack thereof.  They pretty much didn't have any.  If you like sauced wings, I suggest you order extra sauce on the side.  The service at my table was great.  The waitress was friendly and came to our table at just the right intervals.  Overall, I prefer the Flying Saucer for hanging out with friends and drinking some cold beers, but for Sunday football, Taco Mac is tough to beat.  I do also like the Three Monkeys in Harrisburg for football, but sometimes they struggle with the big football crowd.  Taco Mac seemed to have no problem handling the larger crowd.  I will definitely go back for another football Sunday.
4	Ok, so was on the way back to the hotel (really) when I passed Taco Mac, of which I was unfamiliar. Being a curious sort, in the mood for wings, I flipped a B in the middle of WT Harris and have say I'm impressed: pretty much every table/booth has its own huge flatscreen hanging from the ceiling. They have 100+ draught and 115+ bottled. And to cap it off, alongside MNF, the tv on the far right was showing a replay of the England/San Marino WC qualifier... I think I'm in love. Waiting on the wings for final verdict...Ok, a couple days later. Still like the place. Turns out its a pretty well-known chain down south, I'd never heard of it. The wings were OK, not great, not awful (I had wings more to my taste at the Flying Saucer the following night). So, I'm sticking with 4-stars, would be a great place to watch the game.
3	Well, I'm vegetarian so my reviews of the food are lacking. I usually just get a grilled cheese or cheese dip. They are both delicious but I don't think any meat-loving adults would care much about either. They do, however, have an incredible number of TVs. I think I counted between 75 and 150 last time I went. There's always something to watch. The service is great. And they have a pretty decent beer selection for a chain restaurant. I go to the Flying Saucer for beer a lot and they have about 1/2 - 2/3 the selection of the Saucer, which is still quite impressive. I'm not big on the food there but the Brewniversity club does have its perks (free stuff, mainly). The food is pretty decent bar food, there's plenty of beer and there are plenty of TVs. Definitely my kind of place if it werent for the food prices.
1	I have visited this Taco Mac as well as the Taco Mac near South Park serveral times.  This was by far the worst service experience I have had to date.   I believe that several of the other reviewers are correct that it has a lot to do with the proximety to UNCC.   If your party has more than four people, there are better options in the area.  The beer selection is awesome, riveling only the flying saucer in the area.  The food is mediocre at best, incidently it seems better and bigger portions at the south Charlotte location.  Overall, avoid the place if you can.
2	I have visited the Taco Mac in the University area on several occasions. At first, I ignored the food because I was overwhelmed by all the games being played on the TV's. Once I got over the set-up, I started to concentrate on what I was paying for!!! I started off with chips, salsa and queso. That was not cheese!!! The queso was like glue and difficult to swallow. I had to take a drink of water to wash it down. The wings were the worse I ever had. They were undercooked and also naked. They were suppose to be buffalo wings(3 mile sauce). The celery was wilted. My waiter(Wes) was good but the food sucked. I am not a beer drinker but maybe if I was, it would have tricked me into not thinking about the food like the TV's did at first!!!
1	This place was recommended to me for wings. Horrible wings, bad food, one member in our party found hair in his food & another got sick. This was at the Huntersville location.Never again.
1	I have tried this place twice in spite of knowing what Taco Mac's reputation is in Atlanta area. The concept is great, the execution is poor. I believe Taco Mac's corporate philosophy must be flawed in order to hear the same story come out of so many locations, and that is world record horrible service!First time there, there was confusion with the servers, long waits in between being waited on, and the busboy literally creeped up to the table while we were still there and took a few of our "buy the beer keep the glass" glasses that still had beer in them and ran off! Very odd.Next trip in went like this: friend and I walked in, place not really busy, 4 "hostesses" standing around host station, after some debate they decide where to seat us, we literally sat there for 15 minutes without so much as a "we'll be right with you", attempted to get someone's attention, and then gave up and left.This franchise could be so good if they could just figure out what is so flawed with the corporate policy..... Don't say I didn't warn you.
1	Bleh. That's the only word I can use to describe this place. The food is Bleh. The waitstaff is Bleh. The atmosphere is confusing and Bleh. It looks as it should be a nice bar with a full service kitchen but the marketing as a family restaurant muddles that. The lighting is harsh which makes you want to have a drink and go instead spending time socializing. I wish I could say something positive about the food but, I've never had anything good here. Tacos are not the focus at this establisment and neither is mac and cheese. In my opinion that perfectly describes this sham restaurant.
5	Buffalo Wild Wings is number 1 by volume of wings but Taco Mac have them beat. The Wings are big enough to have a meal out of them only. Over a 100 beers on tap. The Shrimp-avocado salad was excellent. The service was very attentive. Prices reasonable. What more can you ask.
4	The food here is always good, especially the beef on wick.  Hopefully it is getting back on the menu as us Western NY'ers don't have many options for this back home favorite. Beer selection is great and everything is reasonable priced.
4	I've come here for wings. Don't even bother giving me a menu. What kind of beer would i like? Something cold, preferably. No small talk, thank you. Just give me wings. Lots of wings. A wing sampler, a wing bucket, several plates of wings. That's all I care about. I've come here for the wings.
4	My wife and I were riding around looking for a place to grab some food last night. We stumbled upon Taco Mac by mistake while turning around. I was never aware of this place being stuck back here. The parking lot was full of cars, so I gave into my curiosity and talked my wife into giving it a shot with me. Upon walking it, it has a sports bar vibe. Lots of TVs, a great looking bar and tables full of people. When I say lots of TVs, I mean more TVs than I've ever seen in one building outside of an electronics store. Seems like there is a TV for each person to watch. I didn't mind it at all, I love watching sports while eating. My wife and I both went with the boneless wings. I was curious about the death flavor, but we stuck with hot. The wings were good, a bit bready, but overall tasty. One part that caught me off guard was the homemade dressings. The ranch was really thick and creamy, I enjoyed the flavor though. We had fries with the wings and they were hot and tasted good as well. One thing I really enjoyed about this place is the beer selection, our server explained the beer club to us and that sounded pretty cool. I sampled a few local brews ( I can't recall the names ) and they went down smooth. My wife was driving so she had sweet tea. For our first experience here, it was overall a very good time. The service was nice and quick. The food was hot and fresh, and the prices weren't too bad. I would recommend this place to anyone in the University area looking to try something new. It's worth a shot, I know we will come back to try out some other menu options. ( While filling out the additional survey options for this place, one of the options was Has TV:  I had to laugh out loud at this one. )
2	So, there are a few things that are very appealing about this place.  It has an enormous beer selection, both bottles and drafts.  And there are more Charlotte beers available here than almost anywhere I've seen, outside of NoDa.  There areTVs... everywhere.  We were at a booth and had a 30-something inch flat screen on the wall literally right in our faces.  Every booth has this same situation going on.  I love beer, and I love TV, so all was well there.Everything else is average at best.  The food is your typical bar food and there is absolutely nothing special or interesting about it.  And while the idea of having a million beer options is awesome, it doesn't make a difference how many they have if you can only get one because the wait staff is not very attentive.  It is worth noting that there are some tables with built-in beer taps which would seem to offset the dicey wait staff situation.Bottom line, this place was okay.  The appeal is the sheer number of beers available.  If your favorite beer is not offered in most bars, you may be able to find it here.  Otherwise, it's really not worth venturing into South Park for this place.
4	Great beer! Beer of the month is one of the many reason I keep coming back. Food is good! Service for me has always been great. If you are looking for a game this is the place to be. Tons of tv's.
1	three strikes and your out the last time we went there we waited 35m between visits from the waitress and only reason she stopped was cos we flagged her down. The food isn't that great to make up for lousy service the last 3 timesthe first time went there to watch the Clemson Carolina game and got a booth in the back corner with a TV right above us..ok np the game is on....next thing you know it gets changed to a different game. After fighting the clicker three times..called the manager over and he said the other table was watching it first( The table on the other side of the room that had the exact same game on right beside them). Mgr offered no apology , appetizer or anything.Second time was more of the same. mediocre food and horrible waitressing that wanted to strut around more or go out to smoke than do their job.
4	This place has one of the best beer selections I've seen at a restaurant in a long time. They also have THE best friend pickles I've ever had. And I have had a lot! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the service was a little slow, especially since we were basically the only people in the place. They were, however, very friendly.
3	This place was ok.  Good service. Wings are good.  Bit overpriced though in my opinion.
5	Taco Mac is a new casual / bar dining location. New to the northside, 2nd in Charlotte. Its definitely known for its wide variety of beers. However, since I don't really drink beer, I will speak on the food. There prices are good for the amount of food that you get. The Chicken Cesear Wrap is my favorite. The atmosphere is very inviting and comfortable. There's so much space in the new restaurant that you have your pick most times where you want to sit. Also, it's a good place to watch the game or local news because TVs are everywhere.  It does have some competition with the surrounding restaurants (TGIF, Chilis, Cheddars), but it's worth the stop in because of the food quality and prices. Plus if you don't want the usual wait at other places, this is a show in (especially for lunch).
1	Way too many tv's in one place. No matter where you turn BOOM a tv. I went with a friend and we were not impressed. The wings were dry, we barely got refills on our drinks and the waitress couldn't have cared less. Plus it was so loud from the tv volume's fluctuating that it felt like we were screaming at each other!Needless to say it was an experience and I won't be going back.
2	Below average service and food.  Don't waste your time at the Taco Mac in this location.  The Huntersville location is much better.
4	I love their wings! I like the fact that you can choose between fried or roasted. It's a good place to watch a game. They have lots if TVs.
2	Guys from our office started with some wings that are marketed as extremely hot, but the three of us concluded that they had a a little "zing" to them. The buffalo style was not Buffalo and the blue cheese dressing that it came with was flavorless and seemed more like sour cream.The burger and fries was good, but under cooked, the fajita was good as well, but the beans they came with seemed like they were reheated from three days prior and had a weird taste. The shrimp wrap was OK, but the pablano coleslaw had no flavor (they may have forgot to put dressing in it).The server had a great personality, but was slow bringing food and had to repeatedly ask for the same refill of unsweetened tea, which he kept forgetting (he comped the drink). The waiter shrugged off our comment about the food when he asked our opinion. If he waited and listened and gave feedback to the manager, they could have a better product.We won't go back.
2	I only recommend this location for the beer and sports. The food is not the best and the service is less than average. If you're looking to grab a drink and watch a game then this is a good spot. Anything else and you may be disappointed.
2	Our service was good.  We had a good server who knew what she was doing. I ordered a quesadilla (not an appetizer, the  regular dinner one.)  It was awful.  There was barely any meat in it.  Plus it was in this burnt. dried out tortilla.  Terrible.  And it took well over an hour for our simple dishes.  The server apologized and said they were short on kitchen staff.
5	I miss Taco Mac so much.. I am pretty upset that there's not one in Florida! I hope they plan to open more locations.A pure one of a kind restaurant with an amazing selection of food and beer. The location is located in University City and it is definitely one of the best restaurants I've been to in the Charlotte area.There has to be at least 100 TV's - perfect for watching Sunday night football. This is a sports bar people, please don't complain about the noise level because Bars aren't really supposed to be quiet. If you find a quiet bar, let me know. The wait usually isn't long, the times I've been here I waited for no longer than 5-10 minutes. The service here is great, I never had an empty soda and the wait staff was attentive to our needs. I had a bacon cheeseburger and it was cooked exactly how I liked it and really was a great burger. The fries were delicious, too. All in all, I say CHECK THEM OUT! Taco Mac is a great restaurant and I miss them dearly! Come to Florida!!!
2	They've got a pretty good beer selection and a lot of TV's.  That's about it though.  Service is lackluster and the food wasn't worth going out of my way for.  That said, this place is still waaaaay better than Bikini's next door.Wheres the tacos and wheres the mac?  OK, they do have some Taco's, but nothing special by any means.  Tried them on a prior occasion.  I really didn't see any mac though.  They did have Highland cold mountain, which was the reason I was there.After it took a good 20 minutes for us to get our 2 beers that we ordered the second we sat down.  Apparently because it took the entire bar staff to make one chick a chocolate martini.  I then realized I wouldn't be ordering much food here.  Six wings for about $7.  Not that great of a deal.  They were above average in flavor and texture, but that's all I can really say.  Oh yeah, hot wasn't hot, its more like mild.We asked for our tab and that took quite a while as well.  I probably should have ordered another beer for the wait.  Good strategy to up sell guys.Not impressed, no way the one near Duckworth's in Huntersville stays in business very long.  This one might do alright considering the other options around it but real beer drinkers will be at the Flying Saucer.
2	Boneless Wings had a tasty sauce, but not enough sauce and too much coating for my taste.
3	TM has decent food for a bar. The beer selection is great though which makes up for it.
3	Great selection beer to choose from.  I'm not talking good selection, but a beer menu that can be freaking overwhelming.  Extensive selection from local breweries which is cool.Food is okay.  Lots of TVs if you want to watch a game.  Kind of a sports bar feel.They must have gotten busted for serving alcohol to someone under 21 because they card EVERYONE, no matter if you are clearly over 21.  I went with my boss, who is her mid 50s, and they carded her.  If you come here and want to drink then make sure you got your ID.
1	Ehhh, not the greatest restaurant experience.
1	Came here for their 35 cent beers night, wish I had just stayed home. To be fair, I showed up at midnight so I expected a crowd, but it seems like they offered this great deal but weren't prepared and weren't really able to deliver. My friend and I went to the bar, which was packed with people, but there were only three bartenders so we couldn't get served. After about 10 minutes I asked one of the bartenders for an Angry Orchard draft and was told they were out of them. After that, we decided to just sit at a table and try to order food. After a good five minutes of sitting, no server, so I told the hostess we had not been served. When our server came over, my friend ordered a shock top and I asked for a margarita, she said their blender was broken. Before I could open my mouth to ask for anything else, the server just walked away and went to another table, so that annoyed me. When she finally came back, I asked for an Angry Orchard bottle. The bartenders then started walking around saying it was last call even though it was only 1am and they closed at 2am. It would've been nice if they had told us this when we walked in. My friend and I asked our server if she could bring us two of the drinks we ordered since it was last call, she said she couldn't. After she brought our drinks, she put them down and walked away, not even a "do y'all need anything else", so I decided not to give her any more business and didn't get food. I then went to the bar to try and get another drink myself. My server cornered me at the bar and asked what she could get me, I said I was getting another drink. She said "oh, I can get that for you." I was baffled, she had just told me she couldn't do it, and seemed like she was annoyed that I had gone to the bar. After about 3 minutes she came back and said they didn't have any more of my drink so I was extremely annoyed. While all this is going on and the restaurant is complete chaos, the manager was chatting it up with his buddy, didn't even walk around and ask guests how everything was. I have been a server before and have no problem tipping well and cutting slack because I know how hectic the job is, but our server was extremely lackluster and didn't seem to care at all. The management was no help and the whole situation was unorganized. I've never had their food, but I don't plan on going back to try any. I wish I could give this place zero stars.
3	Our server was pleasant but things definitely got off to a rough start with our dinner visit. We ordered drinks and my gram's sweet tea was awful, it wasn't even unsweetened iced tea, it was watery and gross. The server did take it back and brought her a new one a few minutes later that was much better. My mother ordered a mixed drink that didn't come out as described but the server was quick to replace and did not charge for it. I was surprised that they did not have any happy hour specials. We all ordered our food and everyone was happy with it. You also get a good quantity of food for the price. Overall an alright visit, might go again but wouldn't go out of my way.
3	Not great food, just okay good. My husband got boneless wings and Bleu cheese dressing. The dressing tasted like cheap mayo with some cheese thrown in. When he mentioned it to the manager, he replied with "I don't know what to tell ya, Man."  As he opened one of the containers and stuck his finger in it in front of us. Really kinda rude. First and probably last stop here.
3	The chicken wings are really good and the TV for everyone is really great. Try boneless wings. Side dish: if you dont mind a little sweet then you should try the sweet potato fries. Ranch and blue cheese compliments everything.
3	The chicken wings are really good and the TV for everyone is really great. Try boneless wings. Side dish: if you dont mind a little sweet then you should try the sweet potato fries. Ranch and blue cheese compliments everything.
3	Well, back a few years later.... Same review Wings are great, beer is cold and cool taps at table. Service is still WEAK. Bartender could not care less. Maybe a smile once and awhile? Goes a long way!
2	Food was good but server was absent.  Our visit started around 930 Saturday, restaurant had a few customers, but not busy. One of the other servers took our drink orders and we waited for a while before our server finally came by for our dinner order. I had the steak quesadilla lots of good flavor in there. My girl had the Philly cheese steak  which was also tasty but probably needed some toasting to keep it from getting mushy.   I also ordered the broccoli queso casserole which my server said was great but sadly never made it to the table with the rest of dinner when the another server dropped it off. I would have let our server know, but he didn't visit the table for more than 20 min, long after we were done eating.  More than a single beer? Not tonight.   Dessert? Too late for that now.  He did manage to drop the check (with the broccoli on it) but after a bit of wait the manager happened by and I asked him to take it off.  Manager was very courteous and brought back the corrected bill.  Have had good experiences here but tonight was not one of them.
4	Been a frequent guest here the last 30 days. I would say I have eaten and drank here about 15 times in that span. PROS: Great Beer Selection (100 beers in tap).Bartenders: (ALL of them are friendly and quick to serve. Shout out to Tyler especially. I love them all, but in a city where the majority of bartenders are female, it's cool to have a make bartender who is quick witted and fast at pouring a beer. I've also been told by my female friends he is hot. I personally think he looks like Richard Jefferson formerly of the Brooklyn Nets).Loyalty Program: (You get cool stuff for drinking. I like cool stuff. I also like drinking).Certain Foods: Buffalo Hummus especially. CONS:Wing Sauce "Heat": I wish they had a sauce that was REALLY HOT. Their sauces have taste but PLEASE get one with MORE HEAT.Bathroom: It doesn't have any pictures of 1970's pinup babes. I know that's being picky, but if I'm going to be in it 30 times a month, I want pictures in the men's room.Phone Ring: Their incoming phone ring tone is quite annoying. Not....even....kidding.All in all, I will be going there regularly. If you like trying different beers with sports on multiple TV's run to this restaurant. If you are  a blind Amish recovering alcoholic, I recommend somewhere else.
3	We returned after several months and we're really surprised how slow they were for a Saturday.  The menu has changed and they didn't have the Poblano Queso we used to order so that was a huge disappointment. Also my husband had to order at least 3 different beers because they had just "ran out".
4	Quickly becoming our go-to restaurant to watch the game (whatever game that may be).  Love the ambiance and family friendly feel of the place. We've always been able to walk right in and get a good seat in front of many Tv's. The food is pretty good too.  I've had a burger with sweet potato fries and one of their shrimp wraps. Both were above average in my opinion for sports bar food. The wait staff has always been really friendly and attentive as well. I was a little bummed though when I visited a few months back that they wouldn't show the UFC fight because they are a family oriented sports bar. I get it but was really hoping to see the fight since I knew one of the guys fighting. All in all taco mac is well worth a check in or two.
5	Great place to try new beers. This is the best place to watch sports in Charlotte hands down!
4	Great place to watch the game! Ashley was a sweetheart and a great server. We will definitely watch more 49ers games here! (Love how they change the station at your table)
4	My coworkers and I came here for lunch last week. We were looking for a quick bite to eat during our 1 hr lunch break and ended up deciding to come here.The Good:Huge Beer Selection (200+)Lots of TV's (more TV's than what a Best Buy would have on display)Lot's of seating (at the bar, booths, tall tables)The Ok stuff:The food. I understand it's a sports bar, but its just ok. It's not awful, its not amazing. I will try to go back and try there wings -- the waitress did say that it was the most popular item on the menu (again, a sports bar so I'm not surprised)The bad:The service was a bit slow. From the moment we sat down to the moment we left, an hour and a half went by. We didn't order appetizers and she took down our drink and food order as soon as we sat down. I don't consider myself a very needy customer but after taking our order, we didn't see her again until she came back asking if we would like our check. There was numerous times where we could of used napkins, refills, etc.Anyways, I would 100% come back here to watch a sporting event as the place did have an awesome set up for that. As far as coming here for a good "dining experience", I would have to pass.I'm giving this place 4 stars because you need to review places based off what they actually are. Like my friend Paul says "it's all relative". This place is a sports bar, and that's exactly what you get. A GREAT bar, with OK food.
1	Queso arrived lukewarm. It was solid due to not being hot enough. My food arrived cold. The server had it removed from the bill but one would think a manager would have come over to apologize. The atmosphere was nice, lots of draft beers and tons of tvs but now I understand why this place was not even at half capacity on a Saturday at 6pm.
