5	It's amazing to take a vacant building for 25 plus year and make it a fun vibrant space. Every detail is masterfully placed. The bar makes you want to stay all day, but the real treat is the food. The guacamole is the best and the ceviche is extremely flavorful. The main course meals are matched in detail by the place. The spices are perfect (not too hot and not too bland). The typical and traditional Mexican staple- the beans- are great.
5	Looking for an authentic Mexican restaurant in downtown Las Vegas? Look no further.  La Comida has arrived.  New restaurants are opening left and right in Las Vegas, especially in the downtown area.  One things for sure, La Comida is a refreshing change from your usual bar food, appetizers, and fried food.  Here at La Comida, you get authentic tasting Mexican dishes.  When you think of Morton's, their steakhouse, N9NE, Ghostbar, and Rain comes to mind.  And because this is a Morton's establishment, expect no less than quality, upscale, and great service. My first thought upon arriving here was "Wow".  Although this place was packed on their very first night, we were greeted by almost every staff member.  Smiles are free and we got them.  My second thought, another "Wow".  Las Vegas' who's who was here tonight.  I'm not going to mention names, but the energy was surely in the air tonight.  There's seating indoors, at the bar, and at the patio outside.  The ambiance includes an attentive staff, wide open restaurant, and a ton of people watching.  Can you imagine this place on the weekend? This restaurant was extremely busy, but there's no rush once you're in and no one seems to be rushing you out.  In other words, this restaurant has a chill feel to it.As for the food, you really can't go wrong.  Everything made here is authentic. The food was so authentic that I even had a tough time reading the menu.  But our lovely server, Camila, took the time to give us her recommendations and even gave me a short Spanish lesson. My main dish was their Carne de res a la Parrilla (beef skirt steak).  The steak is prepared to your liking on top of a bed of mushrooms and peppers.  The wild mushrooms were so good that I could eat a bowl of this stuff ala carte.  As for the steak itself, I wish I had seconds it was that juicy. Terri R had their Camaron de Golfo (buttered shrimp dish) and for dessert their Platanos Fritos (banana w/ice cream).  It's obvious that Terri loved her dish since she finished the whole thing.  Plus, she told me numerous times "I love my food".  It's awesome when new restaurants open in Las Vegas, specifically Downtown Las Vegas. Owners Jenna and Michael Morton open it's doors today on an invite only with an expectation to open officially mid-week.  Jenna and Michael didn't miss a beat with their soft opening.  The restaurant was fully staffed, the talent at the bar kept patrons drinks full, and the ambiance matches what us locals expect at DTLV.  Even better, they took the time to meet, greet, and take photos with everyone.  My suggestion...visit or bookmark this place for a fun and happening dining experience. La Comida:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=cHwKzVh8fIFG-2v1j7msoA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQVerano de Jalisco:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=m6MbrlebV7RAtOY3S0xiAg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQChips and salsa:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQCarne de res a la parrilla:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=cGXopeXezITzZMQh3NAfiA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQPescado a la parrilla:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=j2lOv8MOFoQHNYinQQk0uA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQTres leches:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=O51v6hXfs3vRQF1ApESbPQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQOh Yeah!:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=rtFQN0O9rRSAb1erFoFuMg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQBar Talent (they're so nice):  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=jqp5IE6n29jnRhEfu7xFPw&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQKitchen:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=UPDMIo1B9eD1MmGq_WmcrQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQPS:  Can't find this place, look for the hanging monkey on 6th Street.  Special thanks to Cisco A. for inviting us for dinner.
5	Downtown's new Hot Spot! La Comida is Morton's newest restaurant, located on 6th and Freemont. Featuring traditional Mexican cuisine in a fun and hip environment, it is an absolute MUST try!
5	Downtown Las Vegas has another addition with the opening of La Comida, located off of Fremont and Sixth Street.  Mel C. and I were lucky enough to attend the invite-only/soft opening with our amigo Cisco, so I will preface this review by stating that it was definitely not the typical dining experience.  It was a first for me to meet Jenna and Michael Morton, the owners of La Comida, and part of the Morton dynasty - not typical.  I think every employee of La Comida was working last night and the place was bustling with all the excitement and, most likely, nerves that accompany opening a new and much-anticipated hot spot.  There were many Las Vegas celebs and higher-ups there, but I only recognized a few.  What stood out for me was the food and the ambiance.I had:La Catrina margarita:  "Cabrito tequila infused with strawberries, Combier, guava and limes"--so tasty and sweet, but not overly sweet, just the way I like my alcohol when I do drink.  I don't want to taste the alcohol.Chips and salsa:  The salsa had a little kick, but not too spicy.Guacamole:  Fresh!Camaron del Golfo:  "Gulf shrimp, butternut squash, chorizo, cherry tomatoes, roasted corn, crema de Guajillo"- 3 big grilled shrimp with the other ingredients as a side medley--it was delicious.Platanos Fritos:  3 fried plantains with vanilla ice cream--a sweet ending to a big meal.It's exciting to have La Comida in DTLV, making Fremont East an even cooler place to hang out.  Word is that official opening is Thursday, April 25th, so check it out for yourselves--I will definitely be back, too.  PS - I give the neon monkey sign 5 stars alone--I want one.
2	Overpriced. $11-12 tiny street tacos aren't worth it; you can get several better ones from Tacos el Gordo for that price. We got the carne asada; it was way overcooked/tough, and the house salsa was about as inspiring as Pace. The trio of salsas app is $7 and includes a "hot" one (which really isn't, but regardless, the flavor isn't that impressive either and doesn't differ much from the house salsa), a tomatillo (which is a bit unnecessarily sweet), and one made with avocado which was really quite nice. We also ordered the pozole, which was unlike (and fell short of pretending to be) any pozole that either of us have had in Mexico or New Mexico. The broth was decently tasty at the end once we'd already added in enough salt from all of the chips we dunked in it in the beginning, trying to improve the flavor. Then you need to take into account the ~$13-15 tiny margaritas and $7 XX beer (even the PBR is $5), which then convinces you that you definitely should have gone elsewhere. Well, unless you really like being jostled by people's asses brushing against your dome every few mins; then definitely go and ask to be seated at the one doesn't-belong table nearest both the door and the bar, where everyone is trying to get by. On the plus side, the waitress was very nice, but took forever to come back each time, which, to be fair, is probably because this place just opened and is still working out the kinks. I'd give them another chance in a month or two, but the prices just aren't worth it. Oh, it's also way too loud to be able to talk easily with your dining companions, if you like that sort of thing, FYI. I'd give it a 2.5 if I could; we'll go with 2. Meh.
5	This place is a hit. Great addition to downtown. it is a perfect marriage with the emerging downtown vibe. There are many items on the menu you have to try out . .. it was the first few days of opening so everything is subject to change so at this point I am just going to say it is worth the trip.
2	No bueno...pricey and the food is meh
2	As a native Texan, I have a hard time even bringing myself to go to Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas - my palate is honed to Tex Mex, powerful salsas, reasonable prices...I saw La Comida pop up and decided it would great to try a new place downtown that had what seemed like a relatively authentic menu and great location.  We made reservations for Saturday night and met our friends there - both of us securing rockstar parking (it was early for Saturday dinner) and a half-moon booth inside but right by the open patio.One of our friends is Mexican and saw huarache on the menu, a childhood favorite.  We were given a mini galvanized tub of warm chips and salsa, which was plain - our friend asked the server in Spanish for the non-gringo salsa which got us a chile de arbol salsa, which was not much better.  Waters were served in mason jars which is cute.The server did ask before we opened our menus if we wanted guacamole with our chips - my friend immediately agreed - to which we experienced dismay upon opening the menu and seeing it for $11 - and the $11 did not include a tableside guac in molcajete show - but instead a small side bowl that was not much bigger than the mini salsa container.  That was a disappointment - at least do it tableside to charge that much - what I can make for $2 with 2 avocados!Our table's order was our friends' getting huarache and queso fundido, I ordered the ceviche trio, and Eric R. got the chicken enchiladas with mole.  He was pleased to hear it came with rice and beans.  When the food was delivered, the queso came with tortillas, and Eric got a small plate with his 2 enchiladas (topped with pickled onions), and I got a small plate (see pic) with 3 divided sections with ceviche.  My husband's sad face was attributed to the "communal" rice and beans, which he thought was bizarre since he was not sharing his with anyone.The huarache had cheap meat, not like the kind our friend expected.  He was a bit disappointed.  Eric R.'s meal was cold - he had an enchilada then sent his plate and the communal beans and rice back to be reheated.  The kitchen was nice enough to give him 2 new enchiladas hot.  Of my 3 ceviches, the snapper one was tasteless (dry fish, pepper, and sliced green and red bell peppers) but the shrimp in a green sauce and the bay scallop with tropical fruit were very tasty.Overall, it seemed just too expensive for small portions and food that was not memorable.  The only thing memorable is the rip-off guacamole that we were somewhat conned into ordering.  Our server was nice but it took awhile to get our check taken care of though it was not terribly busy at the early hour.  This place will definitely stay popular, so enjoy those $20 margaritas (not kidding) and $7 bottles of XX - no beers on tap.
1	#1 waaaaay over priced. #2 after being sat we were ignored for over 15 minutes we left. No water, no waitress, nothing and it wasn't even busy. It was 1/2 full at best. So a table of 9 just got up and left.But  terrible service aside, no small bowl of guacamole is worth $11. It's just not. And their drinks are the same story. for what they were offering it was way too much. I can (and did) go around the corner for some delicious thai food and a beer for what it would have cost me to have just 1 of their "premium" (read mid-level) margaritas. And if you're thinking I'm just a cheap-skate you're woefully mistaken. Go hunt down the Laundry room. I was drinking there the night before and the cocktails were worth every penny.
1	No! Listen, Vegas..I love you, I live in you, you are  my soulmate, you make me great food, you're cheap, you're hot, and you're pretty.....That being said, STOP trying to change into something you're not!!I get it.. Downtown is cleaning up, getting trendy..I am all on board with it.. I am even embracing the hipsters , or are they still the regular DT homeless?  I can't tell, they both dress in ripped clothing and don't shower.. I have even grown to love Commonwealth and their over priced drinks made by *cringe* mixologists.. I'm trying, but I usually just hangout at The Griffin or Insert Coins until the terrible DJs show up. but La Comida, has no excuse to be pretentious and grossly over priced. It is a Mexican Restaurant off Fremont.   It's great to makeover downtown to a cool artsy, hip town..but does that mean I have to pay $10 for a beer and a million dollars for tasteless ceviche?  My friends and I went here for the restaurants first brunch,  they ordered what was a sad attempt at a breakfast burrito, which looked suspiciously like the ones from McDonalds, and I had some dry tasteless French Toast that cost me $15..  Sighhh..  I will stick to one of the other dozen AUTHENTIC Downtown Mexican restaurants.. I will gladly substitute the trendy atmosphere and crappy over priced food for a hole in the wall, cheap delicious experience.    My darling Vegas, being trendy doesn't mean you have to be lazy,expensive, and pretentious. If I wanted that,  I wouldn't have left that bitch L.A. to be with you.
2	Well holy shit - my first Vegas review!  I have recently relocated to the city of Vegas for work, from the beautiful Derby City of Louisville, KY, and I am having a blast exploring the city and everything it has to offer, so let's get down to it!To me, the beauty of Mexican food is that it is very communal and down-to-earth.  Its flavors are brought to life through the simple preparation of simple ingredients, mixed just right.  It's just good, homely food, free of pretentiousness, generous in quantity, and best enjoyed in a laid-back, unassuming environment.And that's precisely where La Comida, with its cool, bohemian, ironically hip vibe collides with the heart and soul of traditional Mexican food.  It strips away the real idiosyncrasies of authentic Mexican dining in order to offer a distant, mutated version of it, conveniently prepackaged for the haughty, trend-seeking crowd.  Let's face it, no Mexican restaurant touting any kind of authenticity would charge so damn much for such modest portions, nor would it pepper its ambiance with a faux Latin cover of "Sweet Dreams" by Eurhythmics and dubstep remixes of Ace of Base, which I caught playing over the PA.To be fair, the food was not bad.  My Pollo al Horno was actually tasty (though a bit on the dry side) and the chips and salsa were also quite good and obviously homemade.  The service was also pretty good; prompt and very courteous, so basically the root of my dissatisfaction comes down to price.  Look, if you're going to charge me $20 for a margarita, I expect a commemorative pair of booty shorts, or a kitschy container I get to take home or something.  There is also no way I'm shelling out $5 for a can of PBR, unless that can is a barrel and I also feel if I'm going to pay $16 for a chicken entree, I should get my own rice and beans.  Having to share such a tiny portion with my entire table didn't feel like a courtesy but more of a peeve.I'm not sure I want to back to La Comida.  I get the sense that they're trying to elevate and experiment with Mexican cuisine which is all fine and good but the food was just okay, which considering the prices and the ambiance to me it means they're way off the mark.  A cool vibe will never replace a satisfactory dining experience, so I echo the sentiments of those who've said they much rather eat a cheap, seedy joint offering better food at reasonable prices.On that note, who's got recommendations for a GOOD Mexican place?  Sorry LV, this is one area where I still remain far from impressed!
1	The first thought that flashed through my head was another new "Pipster" inspired corporate rollout complete with ass-breaking uncomfortable communal style tables and Jelly Jars.  Jelly Jars, the Kim Kardashian sort of popular official gentrification bar glassware and lunchroom like seating...heavy sigh!My second thought, RUFKM!!!  If I'm going to order a $19 margarita I want gold flecked tequila slowly dribbled into my mouth by a libation slave.  I was pretty convinced that that was not going to happen, since I couldn't even get a glass of water, so I insulted my palate with a Boone's Farmish tasting sangria that had a few slices of orange floating in it like a dead goldfish.My third thought, WTF!!!   I could have gotten a better meal at a Del Taco drive thru without the maybe I should refinance my house prices!!!  Pollo al Horno - dry and bland Chicken Burrito - dry with a undefinable overabundance of a spice that made it close to inedible2 Chicken Enchiladas with Mole - more dry chicken, the mole sauce tasted like a cinnamon paste, dreadful!Communal rice & beans - MehWe were ironically glad about the kid sized portions, because all our meals ranged from poor to fair at best.My fourth thought, Really!!!  Haphazard, inconsistent and totally inattentive service, no water, no chips, no follow up.My final thoughts, get me the heck outta here and never ever again.The star is only because the neon monkey was cute
4	My friend and I went in here on a Sunday afternoon to get some margaritas, which did not disappoint.  Unfortunately, they were only serving food off of the brunch menu and they closed at 5pm. I ordered a tamarind margarita because I don't like to stray too far from just a plain old cadillac and most of the other margaritas seemed fruity.  The tamarind margarita was so good!  It had just a little hint of spice but was very refreshing.  After two of those, I was good to go.  My friend ordered the pomegranite margarita, which I found too sweet, but it wasn't bad.  We also ordered the shrimp ceviche.  When it came out, it looked questionable as it was completely green.  Like ninja turtle green. There was not one other color in that dish.  Anyway, upon my first bite, I realized its appearance was deceiving as it was bursting with flavor.  The green had to have been cilantro, and it surprisingly wasn't overpowering at all.  There was a wonderful balance of spiciness, cilantro, lime and extremely fresh-tasting shrimp.  I was very pleased.The service was good too.  We sat at the bar so we got to chat with the bartender and barback a little bit.  They were both very friendly and helpful.  Can't wait to go back and try food off the real menu.  Be warned though, it is VERY expensive.  4 margaritas (okay, I admit!! They were double-shot margaritas!!!) and an order of shrimp ceviche came to about $80.
1	One word. Over priced.  Ok two words. Went there on opening day Two. 7 dollars for a corona. 11.00 for Guaq. Yeah. Authentic Mex. food. What is not Authentic are the Prices. Careful about gentrifying yourself out of existence. Hip and Cool will not keep the doors open.
2	First time here, but I had to write something.-o- Carnitas, a little bland & on the dry side.  Good sized for street tacos, but, at $5.50 each, they should be big.  BTW, it is 2 to an order, so, $11 for an order.  I did the math.-o- Salsa, a little too Old El Paso, heavy on the tomato, light on the, well, everything else. -o- Chips were decent, but not sure if from a bag or fried in store.  Not very salted which could be good if your blood pressure is high, or bad if you like flavor.-o- Shot, a perfect Don Julio Anejo, but for $19, it had better be perfect.I like the cantina look of the place, but not the mason glasses or plastic chairs.  Also, no draft beer. I did take a picture of my food, which had fairly decent presentation.I typically am not harsh with my ratings, but $30 for 2 tacos & a shot while sitting in plastic patio chairs does not seem like smart restaurant-ing.  I suppose the truth hurts; it hurt my wallet for sure.
1	We'd walked by the restaurant to peek in and talk to the girl out front about a menu and any questions we had. A friend asked if they used lard in their refried beans, but she said she didn't know. He asked about vegetarian/vegan options on the menu, she didn't know.We made the mistake of going in the next day for lunch. Awful service and high prices and the music was a little loud. I was in with a large party that got seated fairly promptly and just as promptly ignored. No contact past the door. The restaurant was barely half full and there were clearly wait staff that weren't really all that busy. The food I saw around the room was tiny portions, especially for the high prices. I wasn't keen on paying ~$8 for a bottle of Corona. Go here if you hate service and yourself and if you like spending a lot of money on being cool. After about 15-20 minutes of no contact from the staff, our party marched out.
2	La Comida is a pretty good addition to the East Fremont area; I'd say on par with places like Diablos.  But, what I never get is why prices are so high at Mexican restaurants.  The portions here are a little on the small side and what would normally be served on each plate at other restaurants (rice/beans) was brought out via a community plate. The drinks here aren't cheap either...7+ for a beer and something like 15-45 for margaritas! The service we received from our waiter and his assistants was excellent.  I'll be back again when I'm craving some "fancy" mexican fare if I'm downtown.
1	Wow! Really, you would have thought the a new restaurant management team would have instructed their team TO BE ALL OVER EACH AND EVERY GUEST THAT WALKS IN THAT DOOR.Walked in without a reservation at 3:00 in the afternoon Sunday Cinco de mayo .I was promptly greeted by two lovely hostess who ask how many in your party, I replied one please.They then informed me that if I sat at the bar I could order food there too. I can only assume they didn't want me to take up valuable seating in their 75% empty restaurant. Single patrons beware you don't warrant a seat in the dining room unless you bring a friend.So whatever sitting at the bar is not the worst thing in the world, I just wanted to eat. So I'm greeted by a lovely bartender who asks if I would like a drink and I told her no I'd like to see a menu. She drops the menus and walked away without a word.That's the last time I spoke to her. It was at this point her partner asks me if I would like some water at which I replied yes. She got me water and that was the last time I spoke to her.Now the first bartender who gave me the menu is greeting her friends and is very happy to see them and sits them right next to me. She promptly gets them chips and salsa and tells them all about the wonderful things to eat on the brunch menu. Now I'm really hungry can't wait till her or her partner takes my order. Now she's standing and talking to her friends while I'm still hoping to place an order. So I give it a few minutes, what the heck her partner will notice I've been over looked and she will probably take my order. Nope looks at me at least three times never utters a word, time for me to leave.Everyone should know this is probably going to be a great restaurant in the future, when they get the kinks worked out and re-address customer service. I'll give them a second chance.One star for the H2O!
1	Biggest disapointment of the year.  Living at the Ogden in downtown Las Vegas, we excitedly waited for the opening of this new and much anticpated Mexican restauarnt. First of all, let me say that I liked the ambience of the place, it feels like some sort of fun beach side Mexcian restaurant.  To be fair I arrived hoping  for a Pink Taco type menu and experience, boy I could have not been more disapointed. Where do you start - When you walk in, unless you get one of the outer booths, you are seated in the most unconfortable restaurant chairs ever made. That has to be the first thing they do, replace them.  I wish I could say things get better, but as uncnfortable as the seating is, the food is even  worse. We were there on Sunday, and orddered from there Sunday Brunch menu, The Chicken Enchilida, was dry chicken, covered in some sort of sweet almostchocolate suace, which I can only describe as ineatable.The fish tacos, were eatable, but that is about all I can say about them. if I were to compare them with Pink Taco's fish tacos, I would rank Pinks a 10, and La Comidi about a 5. We also ordered a caso type cheese dish, that tasted like something out of a cheep Mexican Food frozen dinner that had been left in the microwave to long. Again, absoultley uneatable. Also, when I go to a Mexican reatuarant, the food can be so-so if they frozen Margarettas are great.  The problem is La Comidi is too upscale to serve frozen Margaretta/s only the shaken vairty. Served in a Mason Jar, they were good, but at $15 bucks a piece, made me wonder if I was at the Wynn restaurant or ar the coner of 6th and Freemont.Within 20 mins I was out the door  $72.00 plus tip lighter.  Only a foodie snob who valued hipness an coolness over the food could say that this restuarant is on the right track. They need a whole lot of work.  Hope they get it fixed!Oh wait before I go, let me finish on a positive note, two wonderful young ladies were walking abund handing out beads to celebrate Cinco De Mayo. The beads were really nice.
4	Vegas local here, I check out downtown once a month.  Chose La Comida due to the pre-open hype and was curious about the wide range of reviews on Yelp.The entire experience was great.  No reservations, had to wait 20 minutes, not bad for a First Friday night.  Tough to get access to the bar but we finally got some pre-dinner drinks.Sea Bass entree was great, wife enjoyed her fish tacos.  Service was excellent.Ceviche needed much more lime juice, barely tasted any lime.  Salsa was a waste of time, no spice and blah texture.
4	La Comida is the New Las Vegas on Fremont Street East!  Top notch service and a modern, urban huntsman design meets Mexico City's "La Condesa/La Roma" district decor greet the hungry diner upon entering this oasis of cool.  Buttery green tufted leather Chesterfield style banquettes line one section of La Comida, allowing patrons VIP people watching privileges while tailored rough hewn wooden dining tables dot the center of the dining hall.  Every detail in the design of La Comida has been considered and will not disappoint, including the stained glass cathedral windows that make up the presentation of the bar.The service, starting with the reception desk and all of the restaurant team that we encountered, were La Comida's biggest and most impressive asset, what an incredible crew that has been assembled for this venture.While decor and service are important, we had come in to enjoy a nice Cinco de Mayo Mexican food feast and for the most part, we were not disappointed.  While there were some dishes that were spot on, we found others that needed a little more refinement.  The chicken burrito, while chock full of tender pieces of shredded chicken, was overwhelmed by a spicy green chili sauce.  Others in our party of three enjoyed their tacos, guacamole, cocktails, real Mexican Coke and other specialties.  There has been some mention of the costs at La Comida, however, as an overall package - the food, fun, service and decor, it was well worth the expense. Thank you to the owners, management and the overall team for bringing the fiesta back to downtown.
3	If you can get past the staggering cost of the menu items and come during the off hours, La Comida is a pleasant enough dining experience.  None of the food has knocked my socks off, but I did enjoy the Puerco Ahumado which is slowcooked in an adovado sauce served with some smashed plantains.  They have a nice selection of tequila, but I can buy a nice bottle of anejo for the cost of a couple shots here.  I still think it is a nice concept, and with some tinkering it can be successful...as for me, I'll probably make the short drive down to Los Tacos or Tacos el Gordo to satisfy my lunchtime Mexican cravings.
1	How do you say "this place sucks" in Spanish? "Muy mala" seems too nice. First, their service is all about sales. "Want to start with our most overpriced and unsatisfying menu items? Because if not we'll judge you." That sort of thing. I did enjoy the well margarita, but for $9 more than five sips over ice would be nice. And the food. Puta madre. La comida was beyond bad. It is actually MEAN to serve food this dull and charge this much for it. The carnita tacos were dry, flavorless, and lazy. The mole was a one-note paste over dry chicken enchiladas. Both astoundingly overpriced. Funny how often fancy Mexican places make you nostalgic for cheap ones. This place is all style, no substance.
5	We had a great experience here! loved the food & top notch Tequila,friendly & comfortable atmosphere. There attention to detail is amazing! Try the Sea Bass tacos!!"
4	La Comida is located in the El Cortez' old laundry facility space on 6th Street, just around the corner from a majority of the foot traffic in the area, so those that don't know of its presence may miss it altogether. But if you happen to venture around the corner, you'll quickly see their funky neon skeleton monkey sign hanging from the top of the parapet. There's a small patio outside with a handful of tables, a rustic bar with maybe 14 seats, and a number of different sized tables offering the combination of various dining groups. The space is open to the wood framed roof above, with lots of reclaimed wood decorative items, stained glass, and a huge tequila selection behind the bar. It's a pretty cool interior, and definitely fits with the theme of the menu. And speaking of the menu, it doesn't seem to be available anywhere online yet but features some great sounding items like mesquite-smoked pork shoulder with avocado sauce and plantain chips, beef skirt steak with wild mushroom and oven-roasted poblano peppers, tacos and plenty more. There is also quite the list of specialty margaritas to work your way through.As usual I'm here for one thing; in this case it is called the Hamburguesa Mexicana and comes with ancho chiles, avocado, Oaxaca cheese and sweet potato fries. Upon first bite I instantly noticed how fantastic the bun was, and it instantly made me think of Bachi's. Could it be the same supplier? The next thing I noticed was the great chorizo flavor mixed in with the ancho chiles that I wasn't expecting based on the description, but it was a very welcome surprise. The patty meat had good flavor, but I question its quality based on your only two options for cooking temperature: medium or well. Without hesitation I went with medium, but it was cooked a bit beyond that in this case. Still, it wasn't too dry, and the combination of guac, chorizo and ancho chiles made for some really great flavors. The Oaxaca cheese was flavorful, melted well and even had some nice brown to it from the cooking temps. Overall this burger was a surprising success.The sweet potato fries were also great; sweet and cooked very well. They came out seasoned with just a bit of salt and were a nice companion to the flavors of the burger. At $14 I wish it was a tiny bit cheaper, but if you compare it to another burger in close proximity that wasn't nearly as good at $12, this isn't so bad. I think the prices of everything on the menu are a few dollars too high and portions a bit small, as I've been back a couple more times to try some of their other signature dishes. The food is really good, although they should look into alternates for their soft taco shells as theirs have fallen apart on me a bit too easily on both visits. Either way this is a really fun restaurant, and a great addition to the East Fremont area. The entire staff is very attentive and has treated us well every time we've gone in there so far; definitely check this place out if you're in the area looking for a good burger, good Mexican meal or just a fun scene.
5	Loved the atmosphere, food and we had very good service.  We had 6 people and everyone liked what they ordered and we thought the prices were reasonable.  They do take reservations which is nice, we will return soon.
4	They rolled out the red carpet for the grand opening event on May 15th, complete with a giant metal "fire breathing" sculpture (locust?) and more margaritas than you can shake a pinata at!Pros-Lovely interior with rustic decor and a bar. YUMMY ribs with salsa verde- the best app. of the night. Mini burgers were OK too. The ceviche was so-so, as were the margs and sangria. They were making the drinks en masse which may have been a factor. We didn't go hungry and they passed food just about non stop.
4	I love that Fremont East is getting more hip local spots to hang out. For those complaining about the gentrification of the area, I guess they'd be happier with another empty lot or weekly rent apartment complex?Aside from that, I thought the food, service, and atmosphere at La Comida were all top-notch. The owner (same owner/chef/developer as the restaurants in the Palms) obviously put a lot of thought and time into the design of the space, with some exposed brick/wallpaper walls, rustic-y furniture, a marquee over the bar, and a small patio. It's a livelier atmosphere, even at lunch, with fairly loud music playing throughout. Our waiter was friendly, prompt, and helpful, explaining to us that the menu item 'huarache' is actually a tostada of some sort in the shape of a huarache. Weird, but cute.We ate the pork tacos and the red snapper tacos. Both were very good. Chips and salsa were good, but nothing special.The margarita/tequila list looked great, but we weren't imbibing on this day, so we'll have to return to check out the nightlife.Minus one star for high prices ($12-13 for 3 street tacos...extra $3 for special salsa!)
2	I really wanted to like this place and the new breed of downtown restaurants like EAT and  Le Thai had me feeling sure that I would.  I liked the look of the place and the idea of resurrecting the the old El Cortez laundry space.  Unfortunately after eating at La Comida I feel like this place was born of a corporate calculation to take quick advantage of the good feelings created by the other more thoughtful efforts to bring good food to downtown.  Our experience wasn't all bad.  The staff was friendly, helpful and were doing their best.  The food, however, was very disappointing.  As several previous posters have mentioned the prices were high but the real problem is what you get for your hard earned money.  I don't mind paying the price for good ingredients and skillful preparations but this food was mediocre at best.  The shrimp ceviche was rubbery and dry, the pork shoulder was tough and lacked flavor, and the Mole was too sweet and covered dry bland chicken enchiladas.   There is also something cynical about places that work hard to give off a cool hole in the wall vibe but charge top dollar.  My rear still hurts from sitting in a recovered folding metal chair and I don't find cheap paper napkins charming when wiping my $7 dollar salsa off my fingers.  Yes the salsa trio was $7 and  surprisingly bland.  Although the restaurant was half full they kept seating the two top that was pretty much touching our table in that always uncomfortable attempt to foster the communal experience that I guess they hope will distract from the food.I may be a sucker but I am still hopeful that the owners of this place can experience it as their customers do and realize changes must be made.  I really do want to like it.
2	Not too impressed, very hard to park nearby, and inconvenient to get to. Food was middle of the road at best, the menu is hard to understand unless you are fluent in Spanish, and prices are definitely not wallet friendly. The waitstaff talked poorly audibly about the person who had arranged our reservation for her birthday party, which I found surprising at such a place. Unless you just want the "trendy" atmosphere of eating at the "new" old downtown, which is about all this place offers, I wouldn't bother.
1	When i first got here i was like WOW this place is cool... I bet they have some good food.... WRONG!! There portions are tiny and the chicken enchiladas sucked!! Arent enchiladas supposed to be moist?? The drinks were way over priced! There is no parking but Valet.... I will never go back again!!
2	La ComidaFood in Spanish is Comida. Yep, they have food. Good thing they didn't name the place Excelente Comida...then you would have a case of false advertising. I really loved everything about this place but the food. The interior has an old world feel about it. One of my partners in crime said " boy, they sure spent a lot of money to make this place look old". The feel of the room is well appointed with oldish Mexican decorations and art. Nice job on the leather covered plastic lawn furniture I suppose. The music mix crosses musical genres, it's hip without being trendy even mashing some Hispanic influenced sounds with more predominately English sounds. I see mixed reviews with the service, we were very well taken care of on that front. Servers were excellent! Chips were decent and plentiful, salsa, while offering some complexity, sorely lacked heat. I was there with 2 other friends, got to sample their dishes as well as mine. Everything, and I mean everything was just OK. 8 bucks for an ear of street corn, kind of left me with the feeling of being corn cob fucked in the culo...and that was my favorite item of the day. $5+ dollars for a street taco..a bland one at that.  REALLY? One friend got some kind of (1/2 or 1/4 chicken dish that was nice...AND bland.  Listen, I don't mind dropping mas pesos for a meal, but if your not rockin' my world, then I won't be returning to yours.  At this price point, and only 1 short mile away, lies the delectable Mexican delights that is Mundo. A mile away in distance, but a world a part in flavor. Yes the name of this place is La Comida...and yes they DO have that--food. There are Wayyyyy too many REALLY GOOD Mexican mom and pop choices close by for me to waste my time here. I suspect La Comida will be a success. Plenty of folks are perfectly happy with dumbed downed Mexican fare in a well done atmosphere with $20 Margaritas. If just wanting food, I would rather walk 7 minutes to grab the excellent $1.50 pork on a spit street tacos from the little stand at LVB and Bonanza. See ya La Comida.
2	Posted to La Comida's Facebook Page by me after a terrible bout of food poisoning. Will update if I receive a response. Hi, let me preface this by saying there are a lot of things I truly enjoy about your restaurant. The margaritas are divine, the chips and salsa are incredible and the service exquisite. I had eaten here once already and couldn't wait to come back. A friend of mine had informed me of a certain hairy situation that occurred while she was eating here. Despite this, I wanted more of your delicious tacos. I came in Saturday night and had the carnitas tacos with rice and beans on the side. Everything tasted great and there was no incident, until a few hours later when I got home. That's when the fever, chills and vomiting began. The next 24 hours was basically the worst ever. I deducted I became ill as a result of your food, simply by the fact that I ate no where else in the hours leading up to or following my visit. I am not writing on your wall to receive anything for free or to cause a stir, there just isn't any other form of contact I can find. I only ask that you and your team review your cleanliness, preparation and food safety procedures so this does not happen to other diners. I will most likely return for drinks, but definitely won't be eating here again.
1	According to their listed hours they are open until 11 p.m. Mon-Thurs but they closed the kitchen at 9:30 with no warning, ruining our plans. Super unprofessional, like just about all downtown establishments, but that's beside the point. This is downtown Las Vegas; why do you close at 9:30? Given the other reviews and my own experience, I won't be back.
4	I've been to La Comida twice now and it is definitely a new trendy spot in Freemont East (and all that goes with it). The prices are on the high end but the portions and quality are better than most posting below suggest. The real draw, for me, is the vast selection of tequila they offer. It can get expensive if you want to go huge, but a few beers and a shot of something unique is worth it to me - and not going to break the bank. There are definitely kinks in the server set up, but it is to be expected at most new restaurants and should be ironed out soon enough. The service from the staff was excellent. My first visit was a sit down dinner and our waiter was awesome. Second trip was a quick bite at the bar and a few drinks and the bartenders were very friendly, fast, and funny. I will make it a regular stop on the East Freemont bar tour.
4	It's very trendy, I love the open space, they have I re think about those uncomfortable chairs... Food was delicious I order pork shoulder just a right amount of spice, there margarita on the other hand taste like its water down but all in all it's not bad
5	The best spot downtown by far
5	Loved this place! I came here to celebrate my birthday and boy was I impressed! The service is superb, food is amazing. Corn street, Pozole and pollo al Horno were my favorite!On another side I had to try their famous margaritas (favoritas del mono) and I was hooked! Had 3 margaritas they were fantastic!!!
5	Exquisite food! Service is incredible and their margaritas are amazing! My favorite margaritas were guava and Verano de Jalisco. Pollo al horno, enchiladas de pollo and street corn were also delicious, not to mention their pozole and tacos de carne.My second time at La Comida and it was again a wonderful experience.
2	What a disappointment. From the outside and menu selection, La Comida showed a lot of promise. However, when the food arrived, things quickly went downhill. This restaurant is not authentic, and the food just isn't good. We ordered queso fundido. It's basically melted cheese and extremely hard to mess up. I've eaten this appetizer a million times at a million restaurants. The only way you can ruin this is by buying the cheapest cheese that probably isn't meant to be melted. There was a think layer of grease over the cheese, and it tasted like rubber.My tacos were okay. My margarita, which I take very seriously, was a joke and completely overpriced. That's the problem with this place. The food is mediocre and way overpriced.
4	While playing tour guide downtown, my friend gets a craving for mexican food. As the expert tour guide that I am, I quick pull a 180 and see out of the corner of my eye this little joint called, "La Comida". Surely, the best restaurants are the ones that look a little sketch on the outside. She becomes a little concerned but agrees none the less. We turned the corner down the long walkway to the entrance and it becomes cuter and cuter. As we enter, the inside has an authentic type feel and is surprisingly really awesome! The decor has a theme and the place is pretty hopping.So we order drinks, the house margarita and a prickly pear margarita (when in the southwest, do as the tourists do). They come out in mason jars and that adds to the ambiance. The staff was super friendly and got really excited when our guy friend followed the sign above the bar that read "For a good time call Kat (insert restaurant phone number)". The man who waited on our table was really fun and kept calling us "family."We ordered the Red Snapper Tacos and the guy friend got the red snapper entree. Both were good. They tasted fresh and the flavors blended well, but the tortillas felt a bit slimy. However, the best part of the culinary experience was the salsa--hands down! The salsa was a blend of spicy and smooth, and was probably one of the best salsas I have had in a really long time! Mid-way through our meal, the guy friend comments that this would be a great date place. He is totally right, fun ambiance, good (and slightly messy) food, and the volume is great for conversation.
5	Another winner from the amazing Mortons (La Cave). Guacamole is perfect, just the right amount of heat. Shrimp tacos are to die for. The ascetic is colorful and playful without being overdone. Just what downtown needed! Yum!!!
1	I live downtown, I love downtown, and I'm so so happy to see more places such as La Comida opening up downtown.  However, this place is RIDICULOUSLY expensive.  2 Downtown Margaritas $18, 2 El Corral Margaritas $28, Guacamole $9 (really!?), Carne Asada $12 (which consisted of 2 tacos...basically $6 tacos), and Pollo al Horno $16.  With tip, $100 for dinner at a Mexican joint.  Food was good, service was good (although they could use a hostess stand in front as no one greets you when you walk in), and decor was nice.  However, I'll wait for Nacho Daddy to open up before having another Mexican meal downtown.
5	From the looks of the other reviews, you either love or hate this place.  I had a great time here and thought the food was really good.  This was the best meal we had on our 4-day Vegas vacation and the service there was absolutely outstanding.We sat at the bar because the tables were all full.  Our bartender was awesome - super friendly and on top of everything.  She offered us chips and salsa right off the bat - the chips were thick, crunchy and delicious.  The salsa was pretty good.  I had the carnitas tacos which were yummy.  The meat was tender and juicy which I'm actually not used to getting (usually it's fried so it's drier).  My hubs got a smoked beef  dish that he really liked.  I also ordered a Paloma which was light and refreshing.  And for my hubby's b-day they gave us a free shot which was really tasty.I really have no complaints.  I knew this wasn't a low-rent, low-quality restaurant before we walked in the door and it exceeded my expectations.  I wish them much success.
2	I'm a total downtown hipster-hater, so of course I eyed this place with huge trepidation for a month or so after it opened. It LOOKED like an overpriced, annoyingly pretentious place...but I'm trying not to be so judgy, so I finally went in to see what was up.Honestly, I feel like there's no excuse to charge these prices for Mexican food. I mean, wtf. It's guacamole and corn chips and tequila, for pete's sake! It wasn't reCOCKulously expensive -- not as bad as I'd feared -- but was still pricey for what it was.Food-wise, everything was ok. The free chips & salsa are fine, nothing out of the ordinary, but they did replenish our basket without even asking, so I give them points for that. I ordered the cheapest margarita on the list, which at $9 was OK... not bad by Strip standards, but this isn't the Strip!! Then I had the street corn appetizer, which was good, but...any better than real street corn at Valley View & Sahara for a fraction of the price? Then the snapper tacos, which were ok, but again...two smallish tacos for $12 or whatever it was? Really? Ambiance-wise, the place was not NEARLY as annoying as I'd expected. It was actually kinda low-key, and I give them points for having plentiful outdoor seating.Overall, the place was OK, but... too expensive for me to consider going back there.
4	Very solid restaurant worth checking out in downtown. Hopefully this will help lead to a resurgence of downtown dining and business outside of the Fremont Street hotels and casinos.The points people make about the cost are somewhat valid, but this isn't a taqueria, this is much more of a chef driven better quality restaurant. Puerco ahumado was $15, but for a huge portion of smoked pork in a mole`. Great taste. At $11 for 2 the tacos are overpriced, but are high quality so you are getting what you pay for. My usual taqueria has all tacos for $1.30, so I feel the price point issue like everyone else.These are modern/upscale versions of Mexican food, so don't come here and expect it to be "authentic" (see my comment about $1.30 tacos above for my idea of Mexican American food, but there are lots of variations on Mexican cuisine, including fine dining in Mexico so what really is "authentic"?).Nice place, communal seating, very nice looking antique-ish back bar, and very good service make this place worth checking out. The drinks are interesting, and they have a massive selection of tequilas (up to $100) to try if you're interested in something other than Jose Cuervo.Taqueria or Taco Bell vs. upscale Mexican, the choice is up to you. If you want better than the former 2 this place is worth visiting.
5	We were very skeptical about trying La Comida from all the reviews.  We were seated and actually didn't get greeted by a server for 15 min on a busy Saturday night.  The busser did bring us chips and waters first thing though which was nice to have something while waiting for the server.  The manager noticed we had been waiting awhile and apologized.  He sent a server over and the night went from mediocre to fantastic!  The server apologized and was very attentive from there on.  Although he was busy, he made sure to explain the food items and make suggestions.  To our surprise, the manager comped us our first round of drinks and their house made guacamole! Which was awesome!! I won't make this long and drawn out but besides waiting for a bit in the beginning, our first experience at La Comida was a good one.  The pozole was fanastic (especially with the guacamole in it,) as was the street corn appetizer! The vibe was fun and energetic.  They put a lot of effort into the aesthetics so it was fun to glance around and see all the details around the restaurant.We will definitely be going back!
4	Johnny is the best! Good service, fun atmosphere and delicious drinks! Will be back for food...
5	Hanging with the boys with some cold cocktails!
5	I think things have changed!  I took a group of friends there for my birthday this past Thursday because Le Thai was booked.  Service was amazing, the food was good, hot, and fast (I told my waiter that we had a bar reservation to meet in about 45 minutes-we left on time!).  The chips and salsa came just before we ordered.  Very good & warm.  We added the trio of salsas.  I think La Comida has one of the best michiladas I've ever had!I had one each of the fish tacos, which came with rice and beans; they were both ridiculously good ($13).  My husband had the queso, which he said was just okay.  Our friends ordered an enchilada (with fantastic reviews), two people ordered the pork shoulder (with fantastic reviews).  Unfortunately, it sounds like the restaurant got off on the wrong foot; however, I would say that this is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants!
4	I really liked this place. hubby and I went for lunch on Monday...we were greeted at the door by 2 lovely ladies with genuine smiles!We immediately seated and greeted for drinks and aps...  We had guacamole and it was great....I had the shrimp enchiladas awesome and my hubby had the chicken burrito and said it was great too. I like the family style rice and beans...just wished they gave a little more on the first plate.....a little embarrassed to ask for another plate with just the two of us.Great spot.....would love to come back for happy hour!
2	I am not one to write reviews but I had to on this place.  I was super excited to try this place.  It looks cool and seems to have a cool vibe.  I've been waiting for this place to work out some quirks since I have heard bad things and they have bad reviews on yelp.  I thought they are new and are just trying to find the groove.My boyfriend and I went last night for date night. We saw all the bad reviews, then a couple good reviews showed up and we thought let's give this place a shot, maybe the other reviewers are just not used to this style of Mexican food.  The price is what I would expect at a this kind of place but the food was not.  The chips and salsa were great but the two entrees we got were sooooo bland.  Where is the flavor, it seems to be non-existent.Our server was great, she even offered to take one of the entrees off the bill.  Which I think is super cool because I assumed we would just pay for them and be unhappy.Bottom line, I will not come back for food!I did see they have happy hour and I have heard the margaritas are good, so I will come back and try the discounted margaritas some time. Maybe if we drink a couple margaritas we won't care that the food is bland.
1	V. Disappointing. As vegetarians, we can almost always find something to order from a Mexican restaurant. No bueno, La Comida!
4	Upsides: Delicious food!! Everything from the chips and salsa to all 4 of our meals were spot on. Two of us got a shrimp dish on top of a bed of chorizo, corn, and tomatoes (which I could remember the name). The shrimp were nearly the size of lobster tails and cooked to perfection. The other two got the red snapper and a chicken burrito. Both were good and the fresh tortilla was delicious.Drinks: I didn't have a margarita, so I can't speak for them myself, but the bartenders definitely seemed to know what they're doing and they come in an adorable mason jar.Downsides: Make a reservation! We didn't and it was packed. We had to belly-up at the bar. Also, I don't know if they have AC or not. Fans were going, but it was still really warm. Otherwise, great atmosphere.
5	This place has the best margaritas, we tried 5 different ones! Verano de Jalisco was our favorite. Amazing! The Queso Fundido with chorizo, pepitas and truffle honey was to die for. Service was awesome. Great place to hang out and have drinks and appetizers with friends.
3	Not really sure what to say about this place. It has good intentions but it's jumping the gun on thinking downtown people are stupid enough to pay those sorts of prices. The only reason locals hang out downtown is to avoid the strip, and the strip prices. The food is A-Ok. Small portions, big prices. The queso fondue basically went back to a solid pile of cheese in less then 2 minutes. The shrimp tacos were very small. My boyfriend and I both had a margarita and an entree - our bill was around $80 without a tip. Not sure what La Comida thinks they are doing.
5	The wife and I were on vacation in Vegas for 5 days, we were getting tired of the same old casino food, and wanted a change. A friend recommended La Comida before we even left San Diego.I asked the wife if she would like to try the restaurant, and off we went. That was the best damn food choice we made, we went back two more times before we came back to SD. Jonny was our bartender, very friendly and attentive to our drink needs. Every drink we ordered was made and mixed to perfection, I was impressed, and that is not easily done since I am in the food and drink industry. Now about the food, first time we ordered we played it safe, (we are a long way from home if you know what I mean) we had the carne asada salad and the carnitas tacos, lets just say "WOW!!!" the flavors were amazing and worked very well together' the meats were tender and moist and every bite was better then the last. about that time the manager (Rafael) came over to check on us, I said everything was awesome. he asked what we had and then suggested next time be more adventurous, and asked if next time we come in if he could order for us. I told him tomorrow he would have that opportunity. the next evening we were back, greeted by a very friendly hostess and Rafael, who asked if we like pork and chicken. We were seated in about 30 sec. drink orders taken, chips and salsa on the table. don't get me started on the chips... (3 bowls).  soon after that our food arrived, WTF??? I never got a menu, Rafael said he ordered for us. we had the Puerco Ahumado and Chicken Al Horno. This was truly Mexican food at it's best. I could not believe the flavors that these dishes had. Everything was above excellent, all the staff awesome, the chefs are amazing and talented. Thank you La Comida for being part of our awesome vacation. We will be back again and again.
2	The ONLY reason this place earned 2 stars was for the service.  We were greeted by John, the bartender after sitting for a few minutes, I can only assume that was his name as this is the name that appeared on my receipt. I will say John was extremely attentive to a group to my left and a group to my right, but somehow we were missed. The couple to my left were complaining about something because not only did the chef come out to speak with them but the manager as well. I guess that might be what it takes to get service in this place. Another thing I didnt like is that John was drinking ont he job, he had a shot of something with the group of men to my right. BAD!!!As for the decor the lighting was bad, I had to use the flashlight on my phone to read the menu. The menus lacked description of how the item is prepared but did list all the ingredients. The feel of the place was very casual and relaxed. Although VERY loud, your typically Mexican home during dinner time. The food was different than anything I have experienced. Not your typical Mexican food. I would not even call it Mexican, more like a mexi-fusion of some sort. The chips and salsa were were given, were heavenly. The chips were light, not too oily but not too thin that they crumble while dipping. The salsa was a blend of roasted tomatoes and green chili. Not too spicy but could have used a little salt, Overall very good. My husband had a shrimp dish that he was over the moon about, the shrimp was cooked to perfection and sat atop a bed of sausage, potato and other veggies. I ordered the pollo de horno, as the menu did not give a detailed description I was not sure what I was getting other than chicken. when it arrived, I have to say, I was taken aback by the presentation, it was served in a paper package, wrapped with banana leaves. The chicken was 2 pieces, a leg and a thigh, in a  poblano sauce with squash and onion, The chicken was so tender and flavorful, my mouth is watering as i write this review. The down side to the meal was that the sides are served family style. The small, and I do me small platter of rice and beans was not enough for 2 people, I seriously thought a 2nd platter would be brought since we ordered 2 entrees. the rice had great texture and flavor. I would say almost as good as my own. The beans were tasty too and I am quite picky with my bean, If they are not my Tia Jenny's forget it. These were pretty good, Sorry Tia. I might try this place again, maybe sit at a table and not the bar. this place is rather small and the lay out looked like it catered to larger crowds, so I thought sitting at the bar would be easier and they could serve more customers. Boy was I wrong.
5	I love this place. I didn't eat here for awhile because of the reviews, and after I finally went I feel like one really can't trust the yelp reviews. Thankfully I didn't! The food is innovative and fresh. The service is some of the best I've had. The margarita happy hour from 3-5 makes me so happy. The portions aren't out of control and I always feel like I got an excellent value for what I've paid. Every single thing I've had here was well prepared and excellent. I hope that people support this business because its so difficult to find a decent neighborhood restaurant in Vegas and the staff is phenomenal. The only thing I didn't like was the folding chairs. Even though they are pretty I don't like sitting in them. Lucky for me I haven't had to yet. I always get a booth. Can't wait until I can sit outside!
1	Came here last week on a saturday night. I ordered the carne asada tacos. tacos were nothing special and rice and beans had no flavor. La Comida is to big of a name for this restaurant. It  should be called NO COMIDA AND CRAPPY SERVICE. my friend ordered the enchiladas and it looked like slob on a tortilla, According to our server, she said someone was passing by every second to check on us( only passed twice) so when our bill came she said she couldnt do anything about her SLOB ON A PLATE. Also, It seemed like some sort of big shot from the restaurant came to greet the people sitting in front of us and ignored what was going on at our table. I say BIG SHOT because the chefs and kitchen staff kept coming to him about things but he was oblivious. Im pretty sure he was a manager or owner,  to my surprise he was LATIN and didnt care much to what was going on around him. ONLY GOOD THING ABOUT THIS PLACE ARE THE MARGARITAS AND CHIPS AND SALSA. EAT SOMEWHERE ELSE, WHERE THE MEXICAN FOOD IS AUTHENTIC! THIS PLACE IS GARBAGE (EXCLUDING THE MARGARITAS).
5	Everything FANTASTIC HERE!!! Now I have two places of destination to eat in VEGAS!! Just one more temptation to be here!!
5	We liked it! The pork shoulder was smokey and delicious. Surprised to see such negative reviews. Give it a try. Our bill was $ 40 for two full meals and one house margarita. Seems fair to me. The margarita was top notch! And I know margaritas, lol! Portion sizes were good! I recommend checking it out if you love Mexican food!
5	Best fish tacos I have had in Las Vegas.
1	YIKES! I really don't even know where to start with this place. I was so utterly upset after dining here that I honestly can't stop thinking about it, lol! It was just such a disappointment! I am very easy to please and rarely complain but goddamn I HATED this place. First of all, the atmosphere looks really cute until you get all the way in, lol! The chairs suck ass. lawn chairs!? REALLY?! The bathroom is not properly marked and I walked in the mens bathroom only to find urinals so obviously I was in the wrong one!  They serve you water in a mason jar and offered no straw until I asked for one. I am not picky about sink water at all but their water tasted like it came straight from the toilet. Their menu is not descriptive at all which makes it really hard to figure out what you are ordering. The prices are just plain ridiculous! I am not cheap when it comes to food but they are really crazy trying to sell their version of mexican food that is not worth the money at all. They told us that the tacos has cabbage and all this other stuff on them but then when we got our food, their was nothing but chicken. Half of us had green sauce on our tacos and the other half did not. We all ordered the same thing with no special request and yet we all received different things. And somebody please tell me who the hell told them that their rice is even worthy of serving to people!!!??? My god, that waS THE WORST rice ever!!! UGGHH I am just so upset that I did not like this place! I had such high hopes and was looking forward to finding a diamond in the rough! NOT! On a positive note, the servers were very nice and the margaritas were yummy! Other than that, HELL NO, NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!
5	This is flavorful gourmet food in a festive atmosphere.  I was in Las Vegas with my girlfriends, and we stumbled upon this restaurant while walking around downtown.  We sat at the bar. The owner was working that night, and kept us laughing.  The waitresses were cute, the service attentive, and the food was delicious!   The organic greens salad had a flavorful homemade dressing, the sea bass in tomato sauce was delicious. This is the best mexican food I've had in years, and my first yelp review.
4	I love happy endings, so when I heard the story about some old abandoned building that was turned into a cool Mexican restaurant in downtown I felt the urge to give it my support by letting then run my card through their reader, and of course enjoy some of their wonderful comida.To start we had the tortilla soup and some guacamole and both were decent. We ordered enchiladas de camaron, they were good with plenty of shrimp filling and cheese, it comes with two enchiladas and rice and beans to share. Also ordered the pollo al horno which it was very flavorful and juicy, it came wrapped on banana leaves and in a paper bag. Authentic? Who knows, it all depends from what area of Mexicos food you're accustomed to, all I was hoping for is some good food and I was not disappointed.Service was great. We were greeted by almost everyone in the building, we were served in a timely manner and glasses (mason jars) refilled constantly, no problems there.I love what they did with the place. Modern industrial look with exposed ducts and brick and imported Mexican tile. The cool bar with some gothic touches and saints, giving it a feel of a religious altar where I could just pray all night to the agave gods. I do have a little problem with the rest rooms. Saloon swinging doors don't really work in bathrooms, I really believe that bathrooms doors should completely seal all bathroom activities from the rest of the restaurant, and also using Jesus and the Virgin Mary as marking signs for men and women is going to far, a bit insulting. Prices are a little high, but the experience is worth it, I doubt I'll be a regular since this place is far from where I live and parking is not abundant but if I find myself in downtown again I'll make sure to stop by and try other items on the menu. I hope by then I find Jesus in the dining room or by the spirits. I pray to that.
4	It's a really groovy space. I had an excellent burger. Our server Gerardo was terrific. We spoke with the manager Suda who was also lovely. If you're looking for a super groovy new school Mexican restaurant downtown, definitely check out La Comida.
3	I'd been wanting to check this place out for a while. Turns out they have vegan options. I had the gardein chicken taco's, they were okay. A little dry for my taste and small portions for a Mexican restaurant in my opinion.
5	Service was outstanding! Every Employee in the restaurant  spoke to us,including the executive chef( she is a delight and passionate about her creations) the carne asada melted in our mouths, the salads were so fresh, crispy and perfectly dressed. The execution of our entire visit was impeccable. A true gem in our desert. Thank you Raphael for the amazing guacamole, soooo fresh and made by hands that care, can't wait to return!
1	We were told by a few friends to try this place and we went with another couple and no one really enjoyed the food at all, the service was ok and the drinks were good, but net net I would try several other places DT before this place.
5	Johnny & Michelle best bartenders in the entire world! Friendly and very energetic! The only reason we discovered this place was because of a page of LV Weekly. Drinks looked very tasty & so they were excellent! Love the mason jars! We did not try the food, but we will b back soon.
4	We visited La Comida on a Sunday afternoon. The weather was perfect for this open and airy establishment in a really cool spot that adds even more character to the Fremont area. Its around the corner from Commonwealth and across the street from B3.  Our waiter, Chris was awesome and attentive. He knew the menu well and was able to make appropriate recommendations. The Manager, Suda was also great. She recognized us as the Curly Girls from another downtown establishment and came over an gave us a hug and everything. So sweet when people take the time to engage with you! They even sent us some yummy guacamole. The food was tasty and flavorful. I had a shrimp quesadilla and a prickly pear margarita. We'll be back.
5	I went here with a friend during the lunch hours and was blown away by how delicious the food was and how friendly the service was. I had read a few yelp reviews before hand and was braced for an inattentive server, but our server was fantastic and friendly. More than that, I was so impressed by the shrimp enchiladas, which were so amazing. The fish tacos were good but not as noteworthy. The prickly pear margarita was in a smallish glass that had a lot of ice, so I finished it quickly and was initially disappointed by the size. A few minutes later I realized it was actually quite strong and a little went a long way. I was glad it wasn't larger. The decor is Mexico-chic, with lots of unfinished wood, stained glass, and other
2	Went down to check this place out for lunch. The atmosphere is nice, the prices are on the upper end for Mexican food but I'll forgive them that because the food is high quality and prices in the area are high in general. However, the service was poor. The restaurant was slow, and it looked like there were plenty of staff, but we felt like we waited too long to place our order and get our receipt. While the food is good, overall I'd rather eat at Casa Don Juan or Los Tacos.
1	worst place do not waste your time here!Las Vegas has many options dont pick this now!
5	Love love love this place!  I have had dinner there twice now with the most recent being this past Thursday and both times were fantastic.  On both visits, my man and I sat at the bar with Johnny taking care of us.  Johnny is a great bartender (one of the best in Vegas in my opinion) and is always good for a funny or interesting story.  He makes everyone at his bar feel at home, whether he has known them for years or has just met them.Who goes to a Mexican restaurant without ordering a margarita?  Definitely not this girl!  My favorite is the prickly pear and my man loves the guava, but we still have several that we haven't tried yet, just one of many reasons we will be back again soon.Now on to the food, the obligatory chips and salsa are a great start to the meal, the chips not too greasy, the salsa not too chunky or too runny.  Personally, I would prefer a bit more heat, but the flavor is good.  The shrimp ceviche is served in a green chile sauce that has quite the kick to it.  It comes with crispy plantain chips that are beyond addicting.  My man and I loved this dish so much the first time that we had to order it again on our second visit, and it definitely did not disappoint.Covering both visits, for entrees we had the shrimp tacos, carnitas tacos, skirt steak, and red snapper.  Everything I had was absolutely delicious, although I did not get a chance to try the carnitas tacos.  My boyfriend loved them so much he had already inhaled them before I had a chance to ask for a taste haha!Lastly, I cannot end this review without talking about the tres leches cake.  This is one of my favorite desserts and La Comida's was absolutely to die for!  It was moist and creamy (but not soggy) with flavors of vanilla bean, cinnamon, maybe nutmeg, just all around delicious.  We will definitely be back for more, and soon!
4	We decided to start off here with a few items to nosh and to partake of their infamous margaritas.  Firstly, the Passion Fruit margarita is Oh-Holy-Cow good.  The chips and salsa are fresh and really nicely done.  We also had the frijoles - creamy, savory goodness.  The hit was the ceviche!  So cold, crisp and fresh!  I'll have to have it again, next time with an ice cold beer.
5	This new sensation in Fremont will rock your socks off! And, it will, because it has a swing. A very cool swing, actually. And the freshest margaritas with the most intense flavors you're sure to taste in this town, and food. It has glorious food. Stopped in on my way to somewhere else, was actually taking advantage of the valet parking that is oh so convenient, when I decided to stop in here to not seem like a cheater (valet requires you to eat here). I'm glad I'm honest. Sat down and was greeted by a pretty girl in a cute outfit who really knows her way around a bar. Inquired about all the tasty margaritas and she explained which was tart, which was sweet, mellow, etc. Super helpful stuff there. Also threw some chips and salsa in front of me that alerted the tasted buds that delicious stuff was on the way. Thanks for the heads up, sexy, salty chips!I ended up with two different margaritas. The first was a passion fruit margarita, which was fine, don't get me wrong, but it was nothing like the next one I had. Whew. Was talking to Michelle, I think that was her name, and she recommended I try the verano de jalisco. I am a huge fan of cilantro and added to this drink it made it fresh and delicious. The unusual salt (can't remember the name) around the rim just made it all the better. Do these!I then had a side of elotes asados and it was sooooo freaking good. The plate was piled so high I couldn't eat it all. I should have eaten it all because now I want some and I realized how much I wasted. Regret.But, the great news is, I can go and get some more anytime I want!So, that's all I had there, but just what I had left me drooling for more. The ambiance, the drinks, the food, they all make for one of the best, most happening places to hit Fremont in awhile!
3	It is funny that most of the knocks against this joint are the price, with something like "...for Mexican food..." accompanying the gripe. Yes, there is dirt cheap Mexican food out there - some of it is even decent. But if you are getting an elevated experience with high quality ingredients, then expect a higher price. Hell, Italian food is largely based in pasta and sauce, yet they can charge whatever they want and there is little fuss over the price. With that said, does La Comida's food (MEXICAN even!) deserve a (slightly) higher price tag. Well... maybe. The decor and atmosphere are superb, there is no doubt about that. It sports a retro-chic (to pair two horribly over-used words together) look, and it is done with much love and care. The space is nice and open, and it seamlessly flows right into the street. As for the food - that is a bit difficult to judge from my one experience. My date and I stopped here for something light - only splitting an app and an entree. Oh yeah, and there were some chips and salsa going on, which were fresh and tasty. The app was a shrimp ceviche that was overly limey. The entree was the Camaron del Golfo - a dish with large shrimp, veggies, and sauce. It was solid and light, but seemed to be missing something. If nothing else, I plan on visiting Comida again for its cool, casual vibe. Hopefully, it will be with more people, so I can get more of the flavors going on here.
5	This place was great! We got there for a late lunch and cocktails. Enjoyed $5 margaritas, a delish stuffed beef poblano and queso fundido.  We were plenty satisfied with the food and out waitress was friendly and spirited. We sat in three different locations during our 4 hour stay. It was comfortable, approachable and fun! There was a mariachi band playing which rocked! We will return!
5	Great Drinks And Food and done very well for Downtown Las Vegas!!!
5	Wow wow wow. First - excellent service. Johnny and Gabriel will take great care of you. Second, best margaritas I've ever had (I'm a Texan in Vegas so this is saying a lot). Finally, the tuna tostada. Wow. Best thing ever. A must visit in Vegas.
5	Get the Blood Orange Marg from Michelle and Tuna Tostada from Gabe and you're set for a night out in DT LV! Love this Dia de los Muerto decorated bar! My go-to before Commonwealth next door
3	Drinks are great, good is alright and service is....none of the above. Great location downtown and awesome decorations. Had the ceviche and that was good. Make sure you come with people to share. For sure tapas plates.
1	really bad and not worth the $$$  not authentic at all!!!
4	Supposed to go to Le Thai, but apparently most spots downtown are dark on Sundays....? So we settled on La Comida, right before our production @ the Smith's Center. And we came the first Sunday they were open, manager said it was actually pretty good business. So note to self: OPEN on SUNDAY FUNDAYS! Gerardo was our server and he was super helpful, hospitable, and patient with all of our annoying requests hahah poor guy! He made great recommendations, we tried pretty much everything he recommended. The Prickly Pear margarita and the Tamarind marg were pretty bomb.com + nice and strong! Our food was pretty good too.... I asked for vegetarian options and he brought me a separate menu. He recommended the Queso Fresco tacos for me and I'm not a huge cheese person at all but I really enjoyed these tacos, added avocado of course-- our meals came with family style rice + refried beans too, which were prob not vegetarian haha. We had to take off because of our show but I want to come back and do dessert! I saw they have plantains I think? I'm a sucker for some goooood platanos so I hope so! He was great, we hooked him up, we'll have to come back! They USED TO be on Open Table, wish they still were so I can get me some points!!!!!!!
4	The food is awesome. Simple yet unique. Great selection of tequilas. Four stars because it's pricey and parking blows.
2	Its kinda loud for my taste, but their drinks are good and so is the food. FYI...Portions aren't great so if you got a healthy appetite, this ain't the place for you! Caveat: the chips and salsa are fresh and somewhat filling. A possible solution to the small portions? You decide.I think they've got an interesting location, and a building with great possibilities. I think they haven't quite hit their stride yet.I'll keep checking in to see what gives.
5	Best Mexican food in Las Vegas! This isn't Taco Bell, folks. This is high end, yet affordable, gourmet Mexican fare. We're locals and have visited La Comida frequently since it opened a few months ago. The place was great to begin with and has only gotten better over time. In addition to the fantastic food, if you're into good tequila, they have a huge selection of top quality tequila to choose from. The staff and management is super friendly, and it's more like visiting family than going to a restaurant. Some of Nevada's top businessmen and politicians also frequent the place, so you never know who you might see there. La Comida is a must try!
4	I decided to go back after the recent Yelp event for happy hour. Wasn't very crowded so we sat at the bar. I had to have another Prickly Pear margarita, it's been on my mind for a few weeks and it was as delicious as I remembered. Chips and salsa were brought out while we waited for the drinks to be made. We went ahead and ordered guacamole and shrimp ceviche. Both were excellent. My second drink was blood orange margarita, another stellar drink. This was brought out with the red snapper tacos we ordered. The tacos were very good, not the best I've had but pretty good. Service was a bit slow considering it was not busy. No napkins or sharing plated provided, I grabbed some from the closest table. I will definitely be back for happy hour!
1	After seeing the article in the Neon we decided to give this place a try. Not sure what kind of food that critic is use to but this food was awful!! Not just one thing but everything. I will say the salsa was fairly good but that's where it ends. Rice and beans, bland, bland bland. Have they never heard of salt??? I had chicken tacos, bland chicken, bland sour guacamole. My spouse had the chicken enchilada with poblano cream mole, horrible. when the server asked how it was my spouse said very bland. Server right away got an attitude and said "have you ever had mole?" Yes good authentic mole that has flavor. He suggested replacing it with their shrimp enchiladas, ok why not. Oh my gosh, all tortilla and some scrawny chopped up shrimp, again no flavor at all. If you like bland food with no flavor then this place is for you. I predict it will be closed in 6 months so you better hurry if you want to give it a try.
5	I saw the place last time we went to downtown with my wife and made a mental note to return and try it out. Glad we did because we were not disappointed. The decor reminds us of an old mexican fishing restaurant, with nice details as to the paintings on the tables and group seating. The music was good selection, a tad loud.The waitress, Tanya, was very helpful in helping us navigate the menu, the Tamarindo Margarita was perfect, not too sweet and refreshing, the Pescado a la Plancha, was moist and the Veracruz salsa with it, balanced and  good combination of flavors. We will be back with friends.
2	1 - 5 scaleFood: 2Service: 4 Atmosphere: 5Service: 5I really like the decor as well as the staff at La Comida. Everyone was really friendly and the service was excellent, but I wasn't impressed with the food at all. I ordered the Red Snapper for $22 and it over cooked on the outside and covered in salt and pepper. One of my friends said it best: "if you think it's salty, it must have been really salty". I eventually scraped all the salt and pepper off the fish and managed to choke it down with help from my iced tea. I thought the Cheese Fundido was a bit flavorless so I asked my friends what they thought about the meal before I wrote this review. It sounds like I'm not the only one in the group that didn't think the food was note worthy so I decided to write an honest review. The chips and salsa were "meh" and the Guacamole dip was even more "meh".  I don't feel the food is worthy of what they charge so I think you should leave it for the tourist and hit Tacos El Gordo or Don Jaun.
4	super-legit establishment.  slightly pricey but worth it & a great place for a date. got the Gulf Shrimp.  at first I was disappointed at the portion.  the 6 shrimp(which were delicious) , but all the corn & chorizo was tasty too & filled me up.  tasty chips & salsa.  very nice & attentive service.  authentic
2	Fun entrance and nice decor.  Took a client to lunch and it was almost impossible to hear her speak above the music.  Note to self:  Don't bring anyone you want to talk to. The server noticed that we couldn't hear each other and offered to turn the music down.  It's one thing to create an environment, but just loud music for lunch doesn't cut it.  Food was good, but  $12.00 tacos seems a bit pricey.  Needs help on making the food live up to the prices.
4	Enjoyed fish tacos and the chips and guacamole. Not bad margaritas but they should use blanco instead of reposado.
5	Best margaritas in Vegas. Love the guacamole and the snapper tacos....
2	Sorry, this was way too expensive for what you got. Our waitress was also a bit misleading when we asked her about the size of the tacos(we asked because we'd been to a place the day before that served happy meal size tacos for way too much.)-she said they were big and filling. I'm now wondering if she said that tongue in cheek cause they were tiny and looked like appetizers. And what's the deal with rice and beans that everybody spoons off from a communal plate, for chrissakes gimme my own plate and make it look appetizing instead of a goopy mess in the middle of everyone. My friend got a no frills burrito for $14(nothing else) and a $8 margarita , and also felt ripped off.I gave it two stars because the hostesses were fun to talk to and the 2 mini seabass tacos I had ($13 with nothing else) were actually amazing. Still wouldn't go back or really recommend the place. Too bad the prices and portions were a joke.
4	Cool vibe and excellent service.  The food was expensive for the portion size and quality, but still good.  LOVED the chips and salsa.  Would just eat those for a meal next time!
2	"Meh" just about sums it up. The menu looks good but the food is below average. We ordered the queso fundido- the cheese wasn't the kind usually used in queso fundido and the chorizo tasted sweet rather than spicy. The street corn was OK- the corn was a little overcooked. The rice and beans were not good at all and the shrimp and butternut squash had only 4 small shrimp but was priced at a whopping $18.00! One would think that for that price, the tortillas would be made in house, but no, they're the same crap you get at the grocery store. The red snapper tacos were the most well received item at the table. As far as decor, the building itself is great, but the overdone Mexican kitsch is just annoying. The fake flowers in the pots on the wall in the entry could be replaced with real aloe and other succulents- that would be beautiful and actually more authentically Mexican. I did like the leather wrapped plastic chairs and the tables were nice too. And finally, it's too loud in there.
2	We went there on 11/16 at 5:30pm, it was early, not sure our servers name but she was absolutely awful. Slow, a bit rude too. The food was okay. We have been there before and the food was better,  this time it was bad, served too cold. It took 45 minutes for our food to come even though the place was half empty- they were waiting for a very large party to come in that took up most of the restaurant.  I like the location and the drinks, but that waitress makes me hesitate to try them again.
3	Stopped by here last night for dinner. The guava margarita did not disappoint as it was as delicious as how I remembered it from my first visit. We ordered the shrimp ceviche de camaron and the enchilada de pollo. The ceviche came in a tiny portion with a few plaintain chips on the side. For $11, it was as unimpressive as a ceviche can be. Do not get this item if you come here unless you want to be disappointed. Max said the enchilada was the best he had ever had but he said that about everything so, caveat emptor.It is best to come here for happy hours and chug a few margaritas down with friends.
4	Pretty darn good! Less spendy than the Main Street gig and I LOVED the mason jars! Great touch!
1	Terrible service, I've been twice and both times gotten left in the dust when it comes to attention at our table. Took 40 minutes to get food and it wasn't busy. The food is decent at best, a pitiful attempt at very overpriced Mexican food. The tacos feel like I could have gotten them at a street stand for 30 cents. The chips are good but their salsa is hit or miss, not exactly spicy or sweet and generally too watery. The uncertain ambiance doesn't make up for the food or service either, not a place I would recommend.
5	I'm not sure where some of these negative reviews come from. Went there last night and the experience was awesome. From the walkway to the front door, the decor, ambiance and vibe was stellar. Food was delicious, portions were perfect and service was top notch. Our server Gerardo was very attentive and checked on us frequently even with a full house on a Saturday night. I left feeling like a regular. I'll definitely come back and will tell friends to go check it out as well!
2	When I was finally able to go (they always close early), I was really looking forward to it, the service was very impersonal, I felt like they didn't wanted us there, maybe they wanted to close since it was already 9pm.     I saw one of the male servers continuously spank one of his female coworkers (what a chauvinistic stereotype, it's ok I can say that, I am Mexican).   The margaritas were good, the melted cheese was a bit weird it had a sweet taste to it, I got the spare ribs in green sauce, it was ok, it did come out pretty fast. I had better, go somewhere else, a place that stays open until at least 11.
4	Really liked this place. It's a hidden gem. Growing up in Mexico, I judge Mexican food harshly in the US. This place is pretty authentic. Their Pozole is fantastic. The service was great, the atmosphere is on the loud side but not annoying. Bring your friends here for a party! Highly recommend.
3	Having come back a couple of times, I think 3 stars is a better fit. The food is a little inconsistent and some of the dishes aren't conceptualized or prepared well. I think this is a much better pub than restaurant, overall. I love the decor, and the service is usually very friendly. The margaritas are terrific, and the atmosphere makes it a nice place to meet with friends, so I am glad it is a part of the downtown scene. That said, the food either needs to be a little more affordable or be prepared with more care and attention. Parking is a general nightmare.
2	The only good things about La Comida were our amazing server and the cozy atmosphere. La Comida is the quintessential tourist trap that's ironically located in a not-so-touristy, local hot spot area of downtown Vegas.I had been dying to try this place, even after reading all of the crappy reviews, because I'm optimistic and I'm not overly critical of new restaurants. I know what it's like to be on the other side, have an "off" day, etc. I don't want to get into all of the things that are wrong with La Comida because other Yelpers have done a good job of summing it up. My experience can be pinned down to the same experience everyone else seems to have - extremely small servings, high prices, watered down drinks and lack of flavor.I love Mexican food. LOVE. And it's really hard to disappoint me. I've had great meals and average meals at so many different Mexican restaurants in Vegas.  So, I am not expecting 5 star quality food or the best meal of my life.  But, I am expecting decent flavor - especially if I'm paying $15 for two tiny tacos and the smallest plate of rice and beans brought to a table of 4 to SHARE. La Comida has a lot of potential - if management would pay attention to the reviews and make some changes in the kitchen -  I think it could be very successful.
3	We arrived at ~8pm with a party of 5 on a Friday evening. Got seated immediately and lucking it was one of the places that was still open to under 21 guests, which FYI is hard to find downtown after 9pm.What I liked:The mason jar cups, patterned wallpaper, and hipster servers really gave it that downtown feel with a cool modern Hispanic flavor. Our server was pretty great as well, and I really enjoyed the energy and fun all of the server shared with one another.What I ordered:The Ceviche de Camaron - Worst ceviche I've ever had... It was caked with some kind of cilantro sauce. Also the shrimp was very small, something you'd find in a cheap buffet. But the plantain chips were a nice spin, it was the first time I had them with ceviche.Mexican Burger - *Beware* if your server recommends the Mexican burger don't get it. Three of us ordered it and none of us finished it... came out very rare. Wish my server asked me how I wanted it cooked. The sweet potato fries were very mushy and got cold quick as well.They gave us unlimited family style rice and beans for FREE with our entrees which was great, but they taste pretty average. Don't be impressed, but heck at least they were free!The service:Server was terrific and very knowledgeable of the menu and it's offerings. All of their servers seemed like hipsters and did a great job taking care of one another's tables.Overall, I was not very impressed by this place and I can see why they have a 3 1/2 star rating on yelp. Imho, La Comida was an exceptional experience for it's atmosphere but the food quality and taste really disappointed. I would highly recommend this place for the atmosphere and vibe, the food not so much. If you're feeling mediocre Mexican food and want to experience the new downtown feel give it a shot. Atmosphere 5/5Service 3/5Food 2/5
2	I've been here twice now, once during a Yelp event and once on my own. I had two different experiences. During the Yelp event, we were served delicious small plates of different items, and we were able to taste several different margaritas that were all really good. I couldn't wait to come back again, I was talking this place up non stop to my friend, so finally we made here one night for dinner. Wow, what an entirely different experience. We stood at the bar while waiting for a table, the female bartender didn't even acknowledge us. We were then seated, at my least favorite area, the pass. So as we watched servers go back and forth with food, not once did anyone acknowledge us again. For a good 10 minutes. Finally we place a cocktail order, I get a Paloma and my friend a margarita. I take one sip of my drink and all I taste is Squirt. Who puts Squirt in a Paloma? I didn't even know they stilll had that soda around. So then we order a couple items. The elote was dry and the queso fundido wasn't as good as the first time I had it. We finished up the chip & salsa because we were starving and couldn't wrangle a server back around to place an entree order. We both left disappointed. Michael Morton fail.
4	Upon walking down the entry hall filled with colored lights and flower pots, I knew that I would like La Comida, if at least for decor alone. On the inside, there was quite a variety of Catholic imagery -- for instance, the bathrooms were marked with small pictures of Mother Mary and Jesus. My aunt teased my grandmother and I endlessly for being confused as to which room was meant for the ladies!My family and I were quickly greeted by the host and were seated promptly in the large booth my uncle spotted in the back. Chips and salsa were brought out, albeit in small-ish cans, which led to several refills for a party of 6. The salsa was delicious, as well as the avocado sauce and tomatillo sauce. Om nom nom. Our waiter was kind, attentive, and on the ball with ensuring our chips and water were filled.I ordered shrimp tacos, which were remarkably tiny for $12; however, they packed quite a punch in flavor. Spicy is a bit of an understatement. Our table split two small plates of rice and beans. For the price, the size of the dishes seemed tiny, but in the end, the portion was right. I left the restaurant feeling full, but not stuffed, which was a huge plus.Definitely recommend for those wanting to get off the Strip and into downtown. Enjoyed the food, enjoyed the decor, and definitely enjoyed the company. I'll be sure to visit again next time I am in town.
4	Finally a good decent Mexican spot near East Fremont!We decided to stop by La Comida as it was one of the few places that allow underage diners after 8pm on East Fremont. SMH @ The Park on Fremont!  I had a great experience here at one of the Yelp Elite events earlier this year and wanted to see what the place was like without the VIP treatment. To begin the restaurant is pretty unique in it's design and decor. What used to previously be a laundromat has been transformed into a chic cantina style Mexican eatery with plenty of Catholic influences. The bathrooms are gender separated by pictures of Mary and Jesus while rosaries hang from the light fixtures. I wonder if anyone ever gets offended by it?The menu is little different than most Mexican restaurants. No combo plates or nachos here, instead you find an eclectic spin on some of your south of the border dishes. The menu isn't huge but everyone should find something that they like. I ordered the Mexican burger with sweet potato fries. The fries were delicious and the burger, complete with ancho chilies and jalapeno bacon, was pretty unique. Word of caution: all of our burgers were served very rare - specify to your server if you want it cooked longer. My cousin ordered the enchiladas which would have been great if not ruined by the heavy serving of mole sauce all over them. La Comida serves unlimited family style rice and beans with their entrees for everyone at the table to share. Service was great. Our server was very friendly, on top of refills, and very knowledgeable about the menu. It was nice to see the manager out on the dining floor interacting with diners as well. You can tell La Comida specializes in margaritas from their massive tequila selection. Extra props for serving up these concoctions in a mason jar!  The walk-up window by the outdoor porch and the giant wooden swing by the bar are a nice touch,If you are looking for some good Mexican fare give this place a shot. You at least get free chips and salsa!
3	We had planned to go to dinner at the container park on New Years Day but it was closed. La Comida was open and so we decided to give it a try. I loved the vibe there - chill, California-style restaurant. The margaritas were good and they had a large selection of tequilas. The salsa was pleasantly hot - all in the group were fans. Three of us had tacos - 2 had carne and 1 had carnitas. All were good - not great  but worth coming back for - and better than most in Vegas. Overall it was a good experience so we'll be back!
4	Had a great lunch experience here recently. My shrimp tacos were very flavorful the perfect size for lunch. Fresh salsa, guac and chips were always replenished in a timely manner. I can't wait to go back and try some of the margs! I love they have a Tamarind marg, my fave flavor. Looking forward to returning soon :)
2	A nice restaurant to drop in and have a drink...but that's the problem as East Fremont is growing there are plenty of nice places to drop in and have a drink. Love the ambiance and decor but the food is simply meh.  Think Chevy's meets Vanguard Lounge...except I can at least think of a couple dishes at Chevy's I like.I came here with several friends and one asked the server for nachos. The entertainment went as follows:Her: Can I please have nachos?Server: We don't have nachosHer: Do you have chicken, tortilla chips, salsa, cheese, beans, guacamole, and sour cream.Server: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, and yes.Her: Then you have nachos.Server: Sorry we do not serve nachos, this restaurant is authentic mexican.Her: [pout face]She then proceeded to order each individual item as a side and dumped them on her plate and made...yup nachos. So yeeeahhh, if it's not considered "authentic" I get if it's not on the menu but if you have the ingredients what's so hard about accommodating a guests request? She didn't ask someone to go slice up some beef stomach and make menudo. I guarantee it took more energy to individually prepare and serve those items, then to just dump them on a pile of chips. I don't get it, anyway, rant over. The food is subpar and considering that there are multiple "authentic" Mexican restaurants within a two mile radius, this place would only be good for a quick drink.
5	Screw all the other bad reviews IGNORE them this place is amazing! Omg I had a shrimp salad and a prickly pear margarita, cute place great food and great staff :)
4	Good Food, and as the staple for any Mexican restaurant the Chips and Salsa were very good. Pricing was ok for smaller portion sizing. I have the Ceviche ($12) and it had a ton of shrimp.
5	What a great little spot on the north end of the strip. Fantastic margaritas in a variety of flavors- we tried a few and liked them all. The prickly pear margarita is bright and tasty! I recommend the tuna appetizer, the corn-cotija side dish and the chicken cooked in parchment. The pork is delicious- very spicy. Save room for dessert- the tres leches cake is fantastic.
4	My wife and I love to hang out Downtown Las Vegas. New places are just popping up all the time, and the area just has a good vibe about it. We recently decided to check out La Comida. Our friends who had been there before had different experiences, so we weren't quite sure what to expect. Luckily, it turned out to be a great idea to visit La Comida. First of all the interior is really cool, with the big bar and the high ceilings and open room. The booths next to the end walls are nice to sit in, but the tables in the middle are fine too. As per usual the chips and salsa was complimentary, and it was very mouthwatering. Since it was our first time at La Comida, we asked our friendly waiter (sporting an awesome beard) what he recommended. He suggested the Puerco Ahumado (mesquite smoked pork shoulder) and Camaron Del Golfo (Gulf shrimp and butternut squash), and neither of them disappointed us.La Comida also has a great selection of tequilas, and a wide range of different Margaritas. In other words a great place to start the night if you're planning on going out Downtown - or for a nice date night.
5	Great little Mexican joint off Fremont Street.  The Puerco ahumado & Pan de Tres Leches was some of the best I've ever had. Fun atmosphere.  On point service.  Very fair pricing!   Will come back again and recommend to others!
5	Great service!! The waiter is very enthusiastic to serve you. I had the chicken quesadilla, it was awesome! If you love Mexican food and beer plus a cool atmosphere this is the place for you!!
4	Great decor and ambiance. Drinks are great, we love the blood orange and prickly pear margaritas. Definitely worth checking-out if downtown.
2	Great spot for drinks and it has a great vibe. Hostess often aloof and chilly, but wait staff was outstanding and friendly. Chips and salsa are good.My major critique here is that the focus seems to be on making the food 'interesting' instead of simply 'good'. Don't get me wrong, I applaud culinary creativity, and some of the fixings offered a nice touch to some of the dishes, but it's just not what you think of when imagine "going out for Mexican food". And worse, you have to eat all your chips and salsa to get full because the plates are a little small-ish.The tequila menu is very nice. As I mentioned, this a great spot for drinks, but the food is not the highlight of La Comida.
1	could have been an honest mistake, but it felt like the bartender was trying to get me to pay for another patrons meal by mistakingly seeing us as a "couple."Just saying,  I'm not into getting conned.
5	Great time. Very FriendlyFood cooked to order. Amazing Fish Tacos
4	You'd never know that La Comida was an old laundromat or that it just opened last summer. It looks like it's been there far longer with its antique tiles, reclaimed wood and stained glass salvaged from an old church, and let's not forget its day of the dead charm. This quaint cantina serves up elevated Mexican cuisine from all over the map. Think, Mundo with less fuss and more character. Walking down the narrow entry, I felt like I was whisked off to Play del Carmen or some other Mexican coastal town. Suddenly, Fremont Street was a distant memory. I was taken with the striking bar that serves up more than 100 tequilas and an extensive list of margaritas made with fresh fruit puree. I was unable to resist the prickly pear ($9). While seated I loved how sunlight filled the space from the patio doors being perched open, and I enjoyed the warm breeze wafting in. It was a pleasant way to enjoy my refreshing prickly pear margarita served on the rocks; the perfect blend of sweet and tart. It was a great choice to wash down the house chips and salsa. The salsa had a smoky flavor with a slight hint of heat. Next, came the carnitas ($11). Three tacos topped with pickled onions and cilantro, served with a side of rice and beans. The carnitas were flavorful and tender. I had no complaints. Everything was tasty and well executed.Overall, the restaurant lends itself to meals shared with friends and family. It's a great place to get an evening started or relaxing place to enjoy a leisurely lunch or weekend brunch.
4	Worth the trip off the strip if you have time.  Banging food, tacos were flavorful- great guac ( which is a deal breaker at a restaurant like this) and fresh salsa and chips.  I would absolutely come here again next time I am in town!
3	Went here for lunch, cute place, I liked the decor.  The chips were good, light, crispy and hot and I liked their salsa, a little bit of smoke to it. I ordered the cameron al maya -fried shrimp taco with mango and habanero salsa. The shrimp had a bit of a fishy taste to me, and yes I know they are shrimp so they are supposed to be fishy (duh...), but this was the scrunch your nose up not so good fishy taste. Still holding strong though and not sick so that's a good sign! The shrimp were pretty small. The tacos had a kick to them with the habanero salsa.  They came with beans and rice but it was sent over on a small plate to be "family style" with my friend - the "family style" portion is about the size each person would get on their own plate in a normal sit down mexican restaurant.  You received three tacos with any of the taco plates. It was $12, and the tacos were equivalent to a standard street taco as to size. I think they price was a bit expensive for what you get. The drinks sounded good, but I did not imbibe. Overall cute place, decent food, a bit pricey for what you get, nothing memorable as to the flavor profile. Also, I asked the waitress what she recommended she immediately steered me to the most expensive item on the menu ($22) - I am always skeptical when this happens but maybe she gets to eat for free and that just happens to be her favorite, she recommended a few other of the higher priced items too. Ultimately, I just got what I wanted in the first place. With so many other places in town, and for being a pricier mexican establishment, I don't think I will be back.
3	Not sure where to begin here.  This is not a very good restaurant but I need to explain.  The restaurant space itself is awesome.   Really well done design.  Service was fantastic too.  Problem being is that the food wasn't any good.  This is a wonderful bar for drinks and ok finger food but in no way a place for dinner.  Would definitely go back for drinks but wont waste my money or time again on the food.
3	I came here with a large group (and appetite) on a Saturday night.  First I'll piggyback off of many Yelpers by saying the atmosphere is very awesome!  It definitely felt like this place was old and well-established in the area.For dinner I went with a chicken burrito.  It was a pretty good size and tasty, with a little taste of sweetness (onion perhaps?).  It wasn't amazing but it kept me satisfied through my evening at Commonwealth.  I was excited to hear that they serve rice and beans as a side for the table as well.  The rice was standard, but the beans didn't taste that good.  Since it is one of the only stand alone restaraunts downtown, I will be back and will order something different, my friend said to try the simple steak tacos.
4	Not your typical Mexican restaurant. It is very different but I thought it was delicious. We came around 8:15 on a Saturday night and were told it would be about 1 hour and 20 min wait, so we left. About 15 min later I called back and was told it would be about 30 min so I put my name down and went for a drink with my bf and mom. Upon arriving we were sat and our server was friendly but a little too flirty for my liking. I get it, you're a server and want a good tip but she should learn to talk to the rest of the table. It's disrespectful and unprofessional to focus your attention on the hot guy of the table, which happened to be MY BOYFRIEND! Anyway, the food was good and different but I loved my shrimp tacos! The manager was very nice and he actually looked like he enjoyed his job, not like many managers you see on the strip. I would definitely come back. :)
1	There were maybe four tables seated which all had food already when we got there. There were roughly 8 waiters wandering around not really doing anything obvious. Got my drink ten minutes after I was seated. After twenty more minutes of waiting my boyfriend had to physically stand in front of a waiter to get a check because no one would take our order. That's not acceptable for a not even busy restaurant. The plates of food were small for what they charged. We occasionally got to watch food wander past our table while we waited.
5	EXCELLENT service by Chris who couldn't do enough for us....he is an asset to any organization...great job Chris.  As for the margaritas..had the blood orange at Chris's recommendation and it just doesn't get any better.  Was with my brother and his gf eho asren't big on Mexican food but all 3 of us LOVED everything. The chips and salsa and guacamole were as good as they can be...She and I had fish tacos which were TERRIFIC and my brother had the carne asada tacos.   enought can't be said about the drink food and service....is on my list for EVERY time I am in Las Vegas..not to be missed.
2	I came here with my friend on a friday night and the place was busy but we were seated quickley. The decor inside is really cool! But that maybe the only good thing about this place. The fish and shrimp tacos were good but way over priced. They brought out one plate of beans and rice for my friend and I to share. If Im gonna pay this much for three little tacos I should get my own damn plate of beans and rice, but then again they were extremley bland and tasteless, so on second thought no thanks,I had the jalisco margarita which was very good, but also really expensive. My friend asked the waiter if she could just get a beer with a glass of lime juice, (like a michelada) but with out the clamato, and he basically said no because there was a "lime shortage" hmmm.....I dont know about that but ok. The place seemed to be filled with tourists, and im sure for them this place was great, a little funky mexican restaurant off of downtown. But this local girl knows a million better less expensive mexican spots to go to.
5	Found La Comida by accident wandering around Saturday afternoon on Fremont with the hubby walking our mutt. patio seating was pet friendly. prickly pear and blood orange margaritas are dangerous!! we had 2 each before we knew what was happening. food was spectacular. service was prompt and pleasant. excellent atmosphere. not your typical Mexican food. we will definitely be back.
4	I came here on a quick lunch date and was seated right away which is a plus. They have outdoor dining, not much but still enjoyable. Ordered chicken tacos and they were SO good. I'm a huge taco fan so I'm super critical the way I like them because I mostly compare them to the LA taco trucks. Which, these were almost identical.Would def. recommend it for a quick bite to eat for lunch or dinner.
5	My favorite Mexican foods downtown! I really love the fried Chilean sea bass tacos, their mole is absolutely delicious, the sangria is always fresh tasty and cold. I even enjoy their desserts! The last time I went, I tried the ceviche for the first time and was pleasantly surprised it was served with plantain chips which were so crispy fresh delicious.. I couldn't stop eating them! The flautas were the only thing that were somewhat disappointing, but perhaps only compared to how fabulous everything else really was. I always enjoy a place downtown that has very fresh ingredients made with obvious love and attention. They even offer Mexican Coca Cola in a glass bottle. Always super cold for this Las Vegas heat!
1	Slow wait staff, simple food yet overpriced. I work downtown and refuse to go here after 2 bad experiences.
5	Love, love, love, love this place!  The first time I went here was with a friend visiting from out of town.  Our server, Frank, was so fantastic we ended up staying for nearly there hours eating, drinking and goofing off.  The other staff are fun as well but, if you can, ask for Frank!  The atmosphere was busy but not frantic.  The decor was fun and playful, making you feel very comfortable.The guacamole was outstanding (we ate the entire thing) along with their tortilla soup and salsa verde.  The shrimp enchiladas were enjoyed on my second visit, those too were phenomenal.  Their food has a balance of spice and flavor without being overly salty.  Their tequila selection is killer.  If you enjoy good tequila this is your spot, they have just about everything you want and a few you may not have heard of yet.  You have to be sure to get a picture on the swing next to the bar.  It's a fun photo op and a great way to remember the place.  La Comida makes a great first date spot, especially if you want to see how your date holds their alcohol.  It's also fun with a group of people, their bench seating easily accommodates large parties.If you like Mexican food, a relaxed environment, and great tequila - I dare you to try this place.  You won't be sorry!
2	My friend and I were instantly greeted and taken care of. We started with ceviche and guacamole. The ceviche was nothing outstanding, mostly consisting of pickled vegetables and shrimp. (Not my preference). Guacamole was good. We also tried to of the margaritas which I would go back for. I ordered the chicken burrito. I'm not sure how they prepare their chicken, but it tastes like plastic. It was not shredded but cubed and comes out very rubbery. The only other filling I could see was rice and beans. In retrospect I should have been honest with my server and sent it back to try something else. My friend also did not like what she had, so maybe that  deterred me.  When I spoke with acquaintances they relayed similar stories and had not been back.  We all also agreed that it is severely overpriced. 2 stars for atmosphere, margaritas, and service (even though we were the only table).
1	Went there last night. The food was overpriced and bland. The food took forever to be brought out and it was cold. The server brought fajitas without tortillas. Who does that? Chili's has better fajitas than this place. It has a good location and that's how they stay in business. Avoid this place.
4	Cool spot, very laid back atmosphere. Decent prices too. I had the crane asada tacos and they were just the right portion. Margaritas were tasty too!
3	Love the drinks, the apps and the atmosphere and the whole vibe of the place, and the friendly staff. The 3-stars is for the food. I think they're trying to fuse flavors together that aren't really working because I couldn't figure out what was in my dinner, but it was just okay, not terrible, but I thought it was strange, and definitely not great. Also a big negative with me is an enchilada with a flour tortilla. There's something so very wrong with this, it reminds me of something you'd find in a 5-minute microwavable dinner cookbook.Would I go back? Yes, but only for drinks and apps..... for sure!! Probably not for food.
4	A friend took me here Saturday night and what can I say, the decor, the ambiance, the atmosphere, everything was right up my alley!  The place was packed so we sat at the bar and the bartenders were awesome, super friendly, funny.  Definitely made for a good dinner.  We had a couple margaritas, I am a margarita snob and these ones were decent.  A little on the sweet side but nothing to complain about.I will definitely be going back, if anything just for the cool vibe and music.  Prices were good for being anywhere near the strip or Fremont.  Obviously us locals know things are more reasonable when you are out of the touristy parts of Vegas but if you are a tourist, you definitely cannot complain about it.
1	Went there today with co-workers for my birthday lunch. I paid almost $20 for two small Red Snapper tacos that were flavorless except for a fishy flavor. I put the salsa on it from the chips and salsa on the table and they were still pretty bland. I do not like spending $20 on lunch and leaving hungry so made sure to filled up on chips and salsa before I left. The beans and rice weren't good either and I hear they don't use lard in their beans so it made sense why they tasted weird. The service was terrible and our server never made eye contact with anyone at my table in fear of someone needing something from him. They filled the chips but not the salsa until we asked and they brought one napkin when we asked for extra napkins. The best part of the meal was the sweet potato fries my co-worker got with her burger. The desserts were yummy so it wasn't a complete bust. I'd rather go to Roberto's Taco Shop!! I will never go back and my co-workers said the same thing. Save your money for a meal worth it!
2	Went here for lunch.  Was a little confused where the entrance was.  The entire restaurant is open so you can see out onto the street and people walking or driving by can see in.  It's sort of roped off and you walk around the side of the building to get in.  I like the fact that you can see the cooks preparing the food but I hated the dinning area.  It is very small and they cram as many tables as possible into a tiny area.  It was 2 of us and they sat us at a 2 person table next to a table of four.  The tables were so close together we might as well have been siting with them.  If I stuck my elbow out it would have touched the person sitting at the next table.  To me that is ridiculous.  Thankfully they were wrapping up so we asked to be moved over after they left.  Now the menu, first thing I noticed was that the food is EXTREMELY over priced and there are no lunch specials.  I specifically asked the waiter did the meals come with sides and he said beans and rice.  The fish tacos were good but tiny.  We also ordered chicken enchiladas and asked for double rice, no beans with that dish. When the meals came the server only brought 1 small plate of beans and rice which were cold.  The other side of rice never came, I know they didn't expect us to share!  I called the waiter over and told him the beans and rice were cold and he was like "Really" and told him the double rice never came.  The chicken enchiladas were good besides the sauce on top, it was a very sweet sauce.  The service was a little slow but okay and the waiter did eventually bring out more beans and rice but by that time we were practically done with our main dish.   The music is loud and the place really busy.  Don't think I'll be back.  The food and ambiance is not worth the price.
4	A  few of my group decided to wander around and came across La Comida. We went in and sat at the bar for a drink. The Bartender was very friendly, I wish I could remember her name. And the rest of the staff was as well. She made our drinks and let us sample a tequila she really liked. We didn't have dinner so the only food I can review is the free chips/salsa. I like hot flavors. I usually order the hottest wings available when I go out for wings. But there was something about the salsa that didn't agree with me. It tasted good, but my mouth was on fire and my tongue hurt for about 2 days. No idea why lol. But if you're looking to get off the strip / Freemont wander down here, at least for a drink. It's a good time.
3	The pozole is amazing. Best thing I had. We tried a salad and a pork dish and they were nothing special. I tasted a few margaritas and those were good but most of the food is so so.
4	Had early Friday night pre-theater dinner here. Once we got a waiter's attention the service was very good. Attentive with good suggestions but not intrusive. Casual open air atmosphere, causal but lively ambience, perfect for dinner with friends. My wife & her friend enjoyed a "prickly pear margarita" not too sweet very tasty!  Excellent food overall chips and salsa were fresh. Guac was tasty & paired well with the chips. We had 3 dishes perfect for sharing. Mexican street corn nicely spiced a bit messy but worth it. Nice fresh updated take on classic fare. Will certainly go back!
5	This place is definitely still my favorite Mexican food downtown! I have, at this point, tried almost everything on the menu.. but tonight I went for the Enchiladas de Mariscos, which were tender and flavorful shrimps with queso fresco and sour cream rolled in two soft flour tortillas and drenched in a delicious tomatillo sauce. The sauce tasted like what my Grandmother's marinara would if she were from Mexico instead of Italy- I could eat that shit on white rice. It was like heaven, if heaven were a sauce. Long story short, it made the dish. The shrimps were super moist and tender, like they had been poached instead of grilled like most places do. Fiancee had the Chilean sea bass tacos again, and as per previous review, they were exceptional. The service is always great, and multiple servers checked in on us and were playful. If you haven't been yet, you must soon!
2	Went here with a group of 20. The only reason I have it an extra star was for the decor and the service, both of which are excellent. Servers were very attentive and friendly. The food was awful. I agree with the prior review that they are trying to fuse flavorS that don't work well together. 12 hours later and my stomach is still upset from the sauce in the chicken enchiladas. No one in my party was happy with their entrees. The overall agreement was that this was not Mexican food. I wouldn't return.
2	Drinks are great. Friendly staff. Wouldn't recommend to eat here. Ordered carnitas tacos that had very little meat in it.
4	Great selection of Margaritas, the Sea Bass Tacos are definitely worth writing home about, absolutely delicious with just enough crunch, thin sweet slivers of radish and the most delicious drizzle of dressing, and also slaw. Yummo! We also tried the Sea Bass Veracruz which was tasty but not thrilling, the tomato overwhelmed the fish somewhat. (Pescatarian options somewhat limited but not as bad as vegetarian - what is with Vegas and the limited Veggie options?) The Flan is a little stodgy on top but really yummy near the bottom. I had two passion fruit margaritas, the first of which was light on tequila and filled with this heavenly tart fresh passion fruit, which of course, prompted me to order a second, which arrived lacking in passion fruit and seriously tequila heavy, aah well.
3	Cute little place in the down town area. It is open air and has a few little tables on the patio. I am from Texas so I am hard to please when it comes to Mexican food or Margaritas. It was dinner time, but we came specifically for margaritas. There was some chips and salsa brought out to us that were whatever. The chips were not very crispy and overly thick. The salsa was more chile based and thick like marinara, which in theory is ok but this missed the mark. There is really great selection of margaritas made with fresh juices. We ordered the blood orange, guava and passion fruit. The guava was my favorite. It didn't pack a huge punch, which for me means they were being stingy with the tequila. They were mostly sweet except for the passion fruit which was actually overly sour for my taste. If I wanted fresh juice they would have been fine. Over all you are paying for the downtown experience and the trendy little neighborhood they are nestled into. I would come back here and remind them to kick it up a little with the tequila. I really enjoyed sitting in their airy dining room on my last night in Vegas.
4	First time visiting this new restaurant. The decor and service was awesome. I got the fish tacos and they were excellent. The sauce on them had great flavor. The guacamole was not that exciting, it wasn't awful, but was missing some flavor. The beans & rice needed a little more seasoning also, but were decent overall. I'll be back to try more things on the menu.
5	was a gem- so lovely we ended up there the next day for lunch!
3	This place is in an interesting location downtown. If you can walk here great.  If you can find street parking great. If you can it can be a little frustrating.  However once you find a parking spot or walk here the ambience is very interesting.  The Decour is very Catholic almost bordering on creepy and I am a Catholic. The service is very fast and very good.  I had carne asada tacos with beans and rice.  Unfortunately the reason I gave the place three stars is because the food is just average.  But would I go there again for lunch absolutely it's reasonably priced it's decent and the service was great.
1	The  atmosphere was okay the waiters looks like they were hanging out not really looking at there tables. food was okay two good item like guajillo crispy tacos.  And Elotes asados good as well. I can not say the same for sea bass tacos. They were plain even though they had slaw n a bland Chipotle sauce.  N there carne that had no Mexican influence or taste at all. The sangria was murky and watered down.  No thanks
2	Ate there last night and am still disgusted thinking about it! The environment is cool, can't speak for the drinks, but the food was GOD AWFULLLLLLLLLL - I got the carne asada and it was honestly the most disgusting thing I have ever had in quite some time.  The guy I was with was paying for it so I didn't want to complain but I could honestly barely stomach it and am still disgusted thinking about it right now.
4	My Husband and I decided to try La Comida last night despite All the bad reviews. Let me just say this place was wonderful! We were greeted immediately by our server Brooke even though the place was packed. She took the time to explain the menu to us and what she would recommend since it was our first time. We had the street corn to start and my then shared their smokedPork. It was delightful. Our waitress brooke took amazing care of us and my husband even offered her a job because he liked her so much. We will definitely be back!
2	Ate here for the first time this weekend despite wanting to check it out from the moment it opened. Maybe I had overly inflated expectations. The food was alright and the typical Anglified Mexican you'll find in any restaurant. Drinks were reasonably priced and the blood orange margarita was terrific. Overall, this is a good place to throw back some drinks and have some light food to sop up the liquor but not anyplace I'd go back to for dinner. That said, the bartender could afford to lose the attitude. I ordered my first marg on the rocks and she made a point to tell me with a bit of a sneer that ALL the margaritas are served on the rocks. Presumably, blenders are just too bourgeois. Then, when my friend joined us, he ordered a blood-orange marg and a passion fruit one. When the same bartender set them down, he asked which was which. She sneered again and said, "The orange one is the blood orange one. D'uh." My friend apologized for HIS COLOR BLINDNESS. No apology was forthcoming from the bartender, who simply went back to her friends.Maybe the service would've been better if we had remembered our mustache wax.
2	The experience here was so overwhelmingly sucky that I didn't even want to exhaust myself further by writing a review. Weighing only 110 pounds I'll probably lose 3 writing a review on La Comida, but I love YELP. Being that I wouldn't want anyone else to waste their hard earned money after dining at this establishment, I decided to do the good deed anyway! First of all the ambiance is really nice, I won't knock that at all. I will however dive right on in to say that the service stunk to high heaven. The waitress was combative and had more attitude than the law should allow, and this place couldn't get an order right to save their lives. What's more, they jacked up the billing transactions and overcharged my parties debit cards after we told them 3 times how we wanted the pricing broke down. (Screaming: LORD HAVE MERCY KELLY CLARKSON EDDIE MURPHY!!!) Needless to say, my visit here to celebrate a small bachelorette gathering left me livid by the end of the night. Of course I brought it to the manager's attention, and he in return threw in some extra desserts. Though, I would have preferred to have a much sweeter waitress than under-sweetened flan and tres leches cake. I say don't waste the time or energy on this place.  Just keep walking....and go on to Casa Don Juan, their authentic Mexican Cuisine is the truth baby!
2	Eh.The service is bomb, but the woman manager rolled her eyes at me when they made my enchilada wrong. Who the hell likes chocolate mole on an enchilada? Many of their food items are odd and overpriced. Not as cheap as stated.
1	This food is terrible, probably the worst Mexican food I've ever had with horrible service to match.
4	I went there for the 1st time tonight and am totally going back! Firstly, I ordered the Tamarind Margarita (really good) and the shrimp ceviche (wow!). My friends who ordered the tacos were not as impressed and did not seem as taken with this place as I was. Others ordered salads and said they were ok. The feel is rustic with a Hoboken NJ/downtown old Manhattan feel.  It is a very cool place with good service. It is a fun environment and I will be back!
3	Love the "secret", Christmas bulb lit, alleyway-esque entrance. Mis-matched chairs, hanging rosaries and mason jar table settings lend a rustic feeling.*** forgot to mention the bathroom- a surprise I won't spoil here.  House salsa is bland, slightly sweet and near the consistency of tomato paste. * chips are obviously not house made. Food is bland and needed salt. Service was slow. Waiter seemed grumpy to refill water glass - the 1 time. A different, younger waiter was snagged for napkins and refills. Disappointing to be utterly forgotten. TIP: house made hot sauce is good. Have to ask for it. Beans look house made- with good flavor. Rice is standard. Fajita veggies were sweated, but not grilled or caramelized. Nachos were laded , but too few chips for toppings. VERDICT: meal was ok, but I don't see a reason to come back.
5	This review is based on experience at the bar. Unfortunately we didn't have time to eat more than just chips and salsa, which by the way may have been the best chips and salsa I've ever eaten. A group of 6 of us wandered in looking for a quick drink. Everyone at the bar was very nice and the drinks came fast. Oh, and there's a swing! Like right at the bar! So fun and creative, but not in the cheesy seedy way that many of the Vegas bars are. You will not find flashy foot long glasses and servers in bikinis here!! We were so impressed with the service and the style of the place that my husband and I stopped in again 2 nights later, and to my surprise the whole staff remembered and welcomed us back like family! The margaritas were Delicious. One of the friendliest places we visited in Vegas. A trip to La Comida will most definitely be on our agenda on our next Vegas vacation.
4	I love good food and I am a very finicky diner. I've introduced many friends to this hidden restaurant. However, I was very disappointed when I tried ordering one of my favorite dishes to find it is no longer available! Costillas Verdes, was a delicious combination of fall off the bone ribs, green salsa and cactus. It was among the most authentic items on the menu. Now it's gone!Please bring back this rare authentic delicious food item. The restaurant did not replace the Costillas with anything even coming close to comparable.
4	Went there last night with my sister in laws and everything was amazing! The corn a pointier was a must and so was the queso fundido. We got blood orange margarita's as well and they were also awesome!! Would most definitely go back again
3	Came in here on a Wednesday with some friends to grab some dinner after having a few after-work cocktails. Loved the decor of this place, from the flower pot adorned walkway to the wooden table tops inside. The place was only about 30% full so we received a table immediately. Since we were trying to sober up, we declined anything to drink beyond the water filled mason jars. Our server asked us multiple times if we were sure which was a tad grating. Chips and salsa were placed on our table and we dove right in. The salsa was fresh tasting but lacked any sort of flavor or kick that would make it distinctive. When we ordered, we decided on the queso fundido, chicken flautas, and the Mexican burger. It was all decent enough and pretty much standard. Although I will admit that we did not choose any dishes that were unique. I had been eating some leftover shrimp tacos all week which is why I went with the strange decision of having a hamburger in a Mexican restaurant. My burger was generous with the avocado and had a huge mound of sweet potato fries. The reasons for giving a three star: the mediocre quality of the food we had and the service. When were close to ending our meal, our server asked if we wanted boxes. I had half a burger left and plenty of fries so I absolutely wanted to bring the rest home. He dropped the boxes off at our table and about two minutes later asked "do you need help with that?" and pointed to my box and my plate. I was in the middle of telling a story to my friends (so he interrupted me) and his tone was one of annoyance, not of trying to be helpful. I told him that I could handle it and my table mates were kind of flabbergasted at his tone. So I packed up my box and he immediately rushed over and cleared everything out of the way, including the napkin I was still using to wipe my hands with. It felt like we were being rushed out of there and it just lessened our experience, especially since they weren't trying to turn over the table and we weren't excessively lingering around (it wasn't close to closing time either). I don't know if we were being sensitive but it was enough to leave an impact on us.
3	Dined here Sat night. Did not valet since there was a parking space 1/2 block away. As we (group of ladies) were heading into restaurant, the valet guy kept pestering us to move our car and valet with him. Feel this establishment should have valet that doesn't hassle their customers. Service was good and the food was pretty good:)
5	I love this place.  I have been once for dinner with family, once for a girls' night out and once for a work party.  All three times have been on point.  The staff is friendly and accommodating.  They are very attentive to drink refills and prompt with orders.  When arranging my company party here, the manager, Rafael, was very communicative  and quick with his email response.  Planning our event was a breeze thanks to him.  La Comida has a fantastic menu.  The food is mouthwatering!  I highly recommend the ceviche, and the tacos are great.  Sure, you could go down the street and find a taco stand with good tacos for less, but the ingredients won't be as fresh and high quality as La Comida.  You certainly get what you pay for.  While the food is delicious, the drinks are even better!  The Prickly Pear Margarita is by far the best margarita I have ever had.  Not too sweet, no tangy sour mix flavor... You can tell that it is a quality margarita.  The sangria is also superb.  Definitely give those two a try when you go. Finally, La Comida's ambiance is fun, clean and casual.  It is the perfect place to start your night downtown, or just grab drinks after work.  You should check this place out.
4	I love the decor and ambiance of this place. It's dark, lively, and fun. Just walking into the entrance is eye candy. Sarah surprised me with dinner here on a very windy day. Street parking only. It was on a weekday and fairly empty, so we had no problems with changing our reservation multiple times.Right away we jumped on some chips and guac. Their guacamole is very good, I was a fan of that. I wasn't too hungry so I ordered some tacos, their carnitas to be exact. Every Mexican restaurant has their own version of carnitas and these ones weren't too bad. I just felt they were missing something, it didn't have that oomph.Check out the awesome sink in their bathroom! It's unique. Service was pretty good, but it wasn't busy so that's predictable. Seems like a fun place to drink and good for large parties with the outdoor patio area. But the food can be improved upon.
4	Was looking for a Mexican food restaurant close to Fremont and came across this off-the-beaten path place. Service was excellent, drinks good and food tasty. Definitely will be back.
3	Came here with colleagues for lunch. Ordered the Sea Bass tacos, and some chile verde tacos to go for another colleague who could not attend.Chips and salsa - bland at best. Really tastes like tomato paste with salt and pepper in it. Sea bass tacos were mediocre and COLD. And for $14 for three street tacos (which is all you get) it's too steep for the quality you receive. The service was lackluster and I had to ask for my water to be refilled three times while there. Upon asking for the check, I waited for 20 minutes for the waiter to bring it. They also forgot (completely) the chile verde tacos to go. So I waited an additional 30 minutes for them to make the tacos - again, 2 VERY SMALL street tacos for approximately $10.Summary: mediocre food, mediocre service, and not worth the price or the headache!
2	Came here for lunch with some colleagues and we were sat immediately.  We all just wanted water, which seemed to annoy the server.  Dude, it's Thursday. And we all work.  Stop pushing.Anyway - he fills the mason jars on the table with water and asks if we need anything.  Looking at the mason jars, we all ask for straws.  They were cloudy, kind of dirty.  Honestly? Of course I want a straw - have you looked at these things?I ordered the shrimp salad, which came with jicama, mango and mandarin oranges.  It came with three shrimp sitting on top.  Visually it was pretty.  However, overall I feel like there was too much spice for the sake of spice.  And at the price? I should have gotten more than 3 pieces of shrimp.  It was $12!!  Overall, I probably won't be back.  I'm glad I experienced it, but nothing about my experience will make me walk back in the door.
4	Very friendly & attentive staff. Service with a smile. Helpful in recommending a good drink. Quick service. Delicious food! Opens for lunch at 11:30a. A little overpriced on some dishes. Our server, for the second time now, was Caesar. He is always very friendly, helpful and funny.
2	I have actually been to this restaurant a few times, and have yet to write a review, so here goes....I love the decorations! The place looks really fun and cool, but I think they have some improvements to work on.I like to start my meal here with a drink.... a blood orange margarita or a prickly pear margarita are both great choices! And of course the downtown margarita is also a classic! The drinks are about the only things I can say are consistently good - that is if you can get one, cause the service here is consistently bad!To the food.... I have tried the tostada de atun and the beef fajitas, the food is alright, nothing that I could recommend as a must try.I would love to see this place succeed, I think the decoration and concept are great, but each time I have been here the service has been awfully bad, the wait staff has an overall attitude as though you are a bother to them, and they do not hesitate to say it and show it. As mentioned the food is mediocre, and could use some flavor and flare improvements.  I do have many well wishes for this restaurant as the downtown area is flourishing with many great new and upcoming places and continuing to grow.
2	Geez... I will most likely never return to La Comida. Food was ok, drinks were alright but the lack of service is what really ruined the experience. We've only been here once before during their early months of opening and it was an ok experience. We went for a Sunday brunch, so the menu was smaller. I thought the food was good, but nothing that stood out making me want to return. It was a Friday night and I wanted to try a new restaurant that had just opened around the corner, Carson Kitchen, but seeing as it was a Friday night around 8pm, there was an hour and a half wait, so we decided to try Carson Kitchen another night and eat somewhere else near that, leading us to La Comida. My party of 4 were sat at a table next to the bar, squeezed between other large parties. Servers bringing the complimentary chips and salsa came shortly after while we decided on drinks. We all ordered margaritas, which took a bit to arrive but whatev, it was Friday and the bar was busy. We had finished both baskets of chips and salsa before the waiter had returned to take our dinner order. Luckily I ordered the elotes asados (mexican street corn) to start (which was pretty darn delicious) so that held us over until our entrees came. When they finally did come, I had ordered the Sea Bass Frito a la Baja (primarily cabbage stuffed tacos with a little fried fish inside), my boyfriend got the Fajitas (pretty much a plate of steak on top of peppers and onions with tortillas, no toppings! wtf?). My mom had ordered the Enchilada de Pollo dish that was a mole enchilada, which she enjoyed, and my dad the Camaron del Golfo. He said that it was good, but a small portion. I will say though, he's a big guy so almost every dish is a small portion. We had finished everything.We thought about possibly getting dessert since we were still hungry, but our waiter had not returned through the entire corse of the meal. No check up, no asking for another drink order, nothing. We had waited, irritated, for so long, that our dessert appetite was lost and I was ready to walk out without paying the bill, but we didn't. I had kept an eye out for our server, but he seemed to always walk on the other side of the restaurant and not even look in the direction of us. I finally had to ask a bus boy to grab our check so we could get the heck out of there.After the bill was paid, we left, and I decided that I will most likely not return. In a town full of great Mexican food and attentive service, this place needs to take a few lessons. I think the only good things they've got going for them is being Downtown and having trendy decor.
4	This is my 2nd time at this establishment and my 2nd review!! My Husband and I walked in around 8 pm this past Monday. I looked around for our favorite waitress and she was tending bar so my Husband and I decided to sit there. Brook came over and greeted us with the biggest smile and a welcome back. We were so delighted that she remembered us! This time she recommended the Tortilla soup and shrimp enchiladas! OMG they were amazing! This is one of my favorite places to eat now and we will absolutely be regulars. I love the ambiance and the playful way all the co-workers have towards eachother... We are hoping Brooke needs a second job and will come tend bar at our place! lol
4	Cool little place. Have to walk down an alley way to get to the door. Kind of out of the way. Service was good server was really nice, hostess was kind of stuck up. Drinks are good. Food is good sized portions and very tasty! Over all make a point visit.
5	This place has a great vibe and excellent service. It is a great place to go before enjoying a show at The Smith Center. The guava margarita is super tasty. The chicken fajitas are delicious and big enough to share. My husband loved the burger. The decor is unique and fun to look at. Can't wait to eat there again!
5	Tuna tostada is the s*#t! A must every time we go!  on the appetizer menu there's little tacos dorados with guajillo sauce and queso fresco- sooooo good! Tortilla soup is nice My husband is Mexican and a chef and he is always satisfied when he comes here...
5	A hidden gem in downtown. On your way to container park it's somewhat hidden but worth the search. Everything we tried was fantastic. We had the blood orange and the pear margaritas and they were amazing. You have to start out with the corn, it's a must. Everything entee we had tasted good, was beautiful and had complex flavors. The flan was the best I've ever had.
1	La Comida was not our first choice for dinner, but after attempting to eat at three other places, it was the only joint that was open and didn't have an hour wait. It was late on a Monday night, so it wasn't even close to crowded. However, the service was some of the worst that I have ever experienced. Getting water refills and the check was painfully slow.The food was overpriced and uninspired. You expect fajitas to come out sizzling on a hot cast iron, but there was just a small hunk of meat and a lot of veggies on a plate. The carnitas tacos were dry and underwhelming, and did not come in the pulled pork form that I am accustomed to eating. My margarita was not much better. I feel like this place spends more energy trying to look impressive with the decor and fancy names for menu items than it does on its food and service.
4	Great choice for Mexican if your on or around Fremont.  Great ambiance and the good is not so Americanized Mexican.  The Pollo Fundido is freaking amazing!  Give this place a try you won't regret.
3	I have been here twice. I'm a local as well. Both times the food was a success but the service I've had both times... Awful. I had to hunt the server down for silverware and water. I'm a hostess at a cafe and I understand restaurant business. But this was no excuse for horrible service. I may go back because the food and drinks are great but they need to be friendlier and more attentive. I may just sit at the bar lol.
5	Delicious!  Had the Camarones del golfo,  delicious creamy sauce, large prawns, chorizo, too die for.  Tamarind margarita,  nice and tangy.  I'm comatose! Ignore the bad reviews,  so they don't like the lighting,  they don't wanna put quarters in the meter,  they don't like the deco,  they hate coming downtown,  they want to order cheese tacos,  people please,  don't be a Steve.This place is authentic southern Mexican food!!
5	I love this place .The food is great and the margaritas are even better.
5	They were so kind and seated us promptly. Gave us free Mexican corn which was absolutely delicious. Great tequila! Atmosphere is top notch! Such friendly staff!
2	The atmosphere is exciting and vibrant. Trendy. However, the food is very mediocre. If you're not a fish lover, there is not a great selection of Mexican/American dishes. If you like downtown Las Vegas, you may like this but I feel the food just quite didn't strike my Palate.
3	The best way I can describe this place is hip, trendy, and overpriced. I've had lunch here several times. I won't come back again unless the boss is paying; that's a fact. The only parking is public, and you have to pay, so bring your quarters! Let's just break today's experience down step by step:- Decor. The dining and bar are in one big room with very artsy decor and clever furnishings. The music is a bit loud for business lunches, but adds to the artsy entertainment factor. One of the main attractions used to be the very fit and attractive female bartenders and hostess. It appears they were off today. - Service. Standard. Nothing above par. I had to ask for a water refill. - Chips and Salsa. One more day, and the store-bought chips will be stale. The salsa was thick and smoky, if you're into that, and I swear they put molasses in it. Not a fan. I like good ol' fashioned salsa picante!- Passionfruit Margarita. Great flavor, one of many. It was $10. A couple of pitfalls, though. It seemed like a small serving (small mason jar), couldn't taste the alcohol. Also, they fill the glass half full with ice. I get that it's Las Vegas, but c'mon. That is not standard procedure for blended margaritas, muchachos.- Shrimp Ceviche. This was $12. The shrimp tasted fresh and the side of plantain chips was nice, but again, I felt the portion was small and something was off about the sauce. It tasted too watery and sweet. Needed more cilantro, lemon, and salt.- Grilled Fish Tacos. This was the highlight of the meal. The yellow tortillas for the street tacos were the perfect consistency, and the fish was very moist and good. With a nice relish garnish. - Beans and Rice. Came with the fish tacos. Nothing to brag about. Just standard flavors. Beans were a little bland and the rice a little dry.That's it. All in with tip and tax, I paid $42 for just lil ol' me. I think if they had lower prices, I wouldn't have an issue about recommending this place. It really is a nice hangout downtown and seems like it has great potential for nightlife, but not on my dime.
5	It was late and we were hungry heading down to Freemont Street.  The neon lighs of El Rancho was reflecting off the asphalt like a sun that refused to set.  Just happened into La Comida and had one of our best meals in Vegas.  The Pork Shoulder was outstanding as was the rest of the meal.  Our waiter was terrific, took time with us, and talked about the recipies and the different items on the menu.  Since we were so curious, the Chef also stopped by to explain the food came from the Gulf area of Mexico.  Salsa smokey, drinks were excellent, and the flan was different from what we get in LA.  If we were not leaving the next day, we would have gone back.  If you are heading down to Freemont Street, or if you are looking for an excellent meal, go to La Comida.  I think you will enjoy it.  Spend a few minutes and talk with the waiter about the different items and what is unique about the seasonings. Go for sometime special.  Cheers.
3	the food lacked a bit of flavor but the surrounding decor was nice and enjoyable. i would go back. but my husband wasn't pleased.
2	Lame. Sitting at bar. Both bartenders ignoring me and it isn't very busy. Got my food and there are 4 shrimp on an $18 dish. Still waiting for my iced water..........Addendum.... The shrimp are good.
2	The service was friendly but the food was not very good. For what I thought would be my entree I had three tiny chicken tacos - no cheese, lettuce, rice or beans came with them. The diced chicken pieces each had fat attached. It was as if they gave me the fat pieces they cut off someone else's chicken. I ended up scraping off the chicken and eating the tiny tortillas as my dinner. My husband liked his chicken burrito. Oh yeah, and these three little tacos cost $12. My husband's burrito was $14. Downtown.
4	Love all their shrimp dishes - particularly the shrimp tacos. The manager recently gave us free dessert and drinks because they asked us to move to another table after we started eating (which was no problem) - so we tried the Tres Leches. It was sweet and light, just enough to share.
4	Delicious margaritas. I'm not a pozole fan but their pozole was delicious, and helped my hangover a little.
4	Love the atmosphere. Cute decor and great music. Service was ok. We had a super nice & knowledgable  server but the hostess had a bit of a snotty attitude when we asked for a high chair for our daughter. The food was good. I loved the chunky guacamole and the carne asada tacos! My husband had the fish tacos and said they were good but somewhat bland. I also had the blood orange margarita, nothing special there, except the price. $10 for a small &  mediocre margarita. That's downtown for ya. Wish they offered local deals....
4	With a name like La Comida you'd think I would have at least eaten a taco or something, but nope this was purely a drink and dash mission. La Comida has an amazing look from the bar to the dining room, which are all in the same area. I met up with my family here after dinner as they had suggested La Comida for a few drinks before heading out into downtown. I bellied up to the bar and took a look at the margarita menu. I'm not a huge tequila fan so I asked the bartender what her favorite drink was on the menu? "El Corral", she replied. Well saddle up partner...let's do this. The "El Corral"  margarita comes with Anejo Tequila, sour mix & Grand Marnier. The drink was refreshing at first and not over powering with the tequila, however, with every sip the drink got sweeter and sweeter. I actually didn't even finish the whole drink, I passed the rest to my GF and ordered a whiskey based margarita. Mmmm, this was super tasty and very interesting. A little Jameson, soda water and a splash of sweet & sour mix. Not on the menu, but if you sweet talk Tanya she might make one for ya. I did try my cousin's drink, the Tamarind margarita, and I liked this one a little bit than my original drink. More salty than sweet.  I'll get you next Tamarind...next time. MuahahahahI did eat chips and salsa while I was here and I looovvveee me some chips and salsa. The offerings at La Comida are above and beyond. I ordered the Roma Tomato and Habanero salsa which definitely had a kick, but nothing too strong for the palate. I loved this and could have possibly eaten the whole bowl by myself. My time in La Comida was brief, but delightful. The younger local ambience was a nice department from the touristy Strip area and sometimes sterile surroundings of Henderson. To quote the Terminator, "I'll be back!"
5	I was VERY impressed with this place. It has the vibe I'm looking for, the drinks are strong and cheap, and you get quality food. The best dish was their pork shoulder. WOW! Their guacamole was off the hook! I'm a waitress, and I was impressed, so all around, I doubt you'll be disappointed. EAT HERE! Eat here for me if you're a local, because if I lived in the area, they would know me by name! NOM NOM NOM!
2	We REALLY wanted to like this place. The decor both inside and out, is by far the best thing aboout this place. We sat down at the bar, so excited, thinking we may have found our new go to place for food & drinks. After ordering 2 different margaritas, the drinks proved themself to be "meh"..nothing special, on the weak side. As we were watching the female bartender pour other patrons drinks, we noticed that she not once measured the ammount of alcohol she was putting into the drinks. She just screwed the cap off, poured some in (and no not with the little silver measuring things). For the price, and the appearance of the resturant, we expected better. Next, we ordered an appetizer. We asked the female bartender what the most common & best one was..she suggested the creamed corn. She claimed it was "As good as crack cocaine...I just can't get enough..I eat it everyday!"...We thought this was a weird comment to make to a customer, but whatever, its Vegas. BTW, the corn sucked. We left after this. We might go back in a few months and see if they have replaced that bartender..haha. Like I said earlier, we really wanted to like the place.
3	Appetizers are really good. The Entrees are pretty average.
5	Excellent food, great service.The pulled pork tacos are excellent, as is the skirt steak with cactus. Never had cactus before, but it quite good.Both the pork and steak were done to perfection.Funky place, we will visit again when in Vegas.
5	The bathrooms are very...Catholic.
4	I'm glad we came here, everything we ordered was excellent. I love the mole. First timers so we just ordered what was recommended and they did not disappoint. Must try the smoke pork shoulder.
4	Margaritas are good for you, right?Well, I hope so. Because I'm definitely coming back to La Comida for my fix of margaritas. My friends and I just came here for some margaritas and some snacks and to just really talk and hang out.I had gotten the blood orange margarita and my friends got the prickly pear margarita. Totally worth it.My margarita wasn't as blood orange-y as I would've liked, but it was still fruity and full of tequila. The prickly pear margaritas were great! They were sweet and very refreshing. Other than that, we just got chips and salsa and queso fundido. Chips were seasoned well and the salsa had just enough heat. The queso fundido was hot and the chorizo gave it a nice heat. Overall, this was nice place to hang out and grab a few drinks and snacks.I would love to come back here for more margaritas.
4	This was a great meal. Loved the open air seating and the decor, the waitstaff is so friendly and attentive (and in the case of our waiter, Frank, adorable!) Prickly pear margaritas in the ubiquitously hip mason jars were delicious... and then the food was great! I had the Pollo al Horno...chicken, nopales, mexican squash, onions and achiote sauce. It was perfect. So good in fact that I'm contemplating walking over for dinner by myself this time. I need to try some more options... and it has to be good if I'm willing to venture there alone. So happy my friend and I gave it a try!
5	Best place for margaritas! Jonny, the bartender, went to the back and made me a skinny margarita by squeezing fresh lime! Best margarita I've had! And they have a swing :) I'll be back
1	This restaurant NEVER answered their telephone. Their info said they opened at 1130 and even up until 12 noon no one answered the telephone. All u wanted to do was make a reservation!
4	If I could give 4.2 stars I would. Why? The food has always been good when I've paid La Comida a visit. The first time I went I had the fajitas. They give you a lot - you'll definitely leave full with leftovers. Extremely flavorful as well. The second time I got the carnitas tacos. You get 3, they're kinda small but surprisingly filling. Very simple - just meet, salsa fresca and onions, but again, extremely flavorful.  The aesthetics of the restaurant is on point if you're into that "mix-match", sugar skull, mason jar kinda look. Personally, I love it. Its got a very warm feeling to it. The only downfall? The service is HORRIBLE. Ironically, I was reading reviews of this place before my boyfriend and I went last night and once we were seated I brought up how surprised I was regarding the reviews. Well, they kept true. Took us about 15 minutes to get our drinks, about 15 after that for someone to come take our order. You can imagine how the rest of the night went. The waitress was not the friendliest gal around either. Bottom line, love the aesthetics. Love the food. I'll go back but they need to hire new staff.
2	Been to La Comida and 2 out of 3 experiences weren't good. First time I went it was right after it open and it was good then last two experiences were not good.It turned out to be nothing extraordinary. Their food and service was average and nothing stood out.
3	Nothing special. Well, I lied. The tequila is special, the swing is special, and the bathrooms are special. However the food, it's just eh. My other half and I rolled in here shortly after 6:00 PM, the Saturday of Labor Day weekend. We were told, our only option is the right side of the bar, so we took it. It was clear they were setting up for an event, while still trying to accept walk ins. First, let's talk about the positives. I love the decor. The hidden front walkway entrance. The swing. (yes a real swing at the bar) And of course the huge wall of tequila is pretty breathtaking. Maybe the authentic look set my expectations too high. Between the two of us, we ordered fajitas, potato tacos, ceviche, a salsa trio, and a guava margarita. The fajitas were bland. Not bad, just boring. What fajitas don't come out sizzling? These ones. Potato taco, I would give these a C+ or even B-. Not bad, but not amazing. The best part was the jalapeno crema. (Not what I expect the best part to be on a taco)Ceviche, PASS! I was so excited because it came with mango and jalapeno. Nope. Way too sweet, not nearly enough lime, cilantro, or cucumber to even out the flavors. Salsa trio, 2 outta 3 were great. The "attempt at being spicy" one, try again folks. However, my margarita was great. Fresh juice, tons of options. Not too sweet or strong. I would return for drinks. And maybe chips and salsa. But if I want good Mexican food, I am looking elsewhere.
4	Micheladas and ceviche. 2 items that will make me come back to this restaurant. Both are made from scratch here and can be found on every other table when we were there. Sit outside after the sunsets for a good experience.  The restaurant is not quiet, but alive with energy. Good staff and clean restrooms. Half doors, wild west style make you think twice about blowing up the toilet. Good play management,  good play. Kinda hipster,  but the food makes up for it.
4	So I went downtown on the weekend and spotted this place!!! It's kinda kidney but the decor is too cute!! Such an origin setting and great atmosphere, the had little main jars as cups too cute! However I had the tacos and they weren't as good as I expected..although my boyfriend  loved the Mexican torta!
1	Terrible. Service was non-existent, and the food was laughable. The civiche had shrimp that seemed like it was from a can, not fresh. Actually everything about the establishment seemed stale. My bf is from SoCal & myself from Austin TX. Now locals in Vegas, and this was two thumbs way down. Go to Mundo instead!!
5	What can I say this place is amazing. Great food, amazing service. To top it all off the manager Rafael the nicest guy! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone!
5	Rafael, the manager, was amazing! We were walking to Carson's kitchen and saw this quaint restaurant. Rafael was standing outside and heard us talking about possibly looking at the menu. His warm personality enticed us to take a look at the menu. As we were looking we inquired about Carson's kitchen. He did say it was good but they didn't have many options, so we decided to stay. No sooner had we sat down and gotten water did he bring us out flautas to try and appreciate our business. He gave us the VIP treatment and we ended up giving him the option to order for us! Everything was delicious. We were all satisfied and felt very taken care of! As I am writing this he had dessert sent out for us. There is nothing better than feeling like you're taken care of and appreciated in a town that you've never been.
2	I keep hearing this place is good. I keep finding it's bad. Even the margaritas.
2	I am going to start off by just stating that this place is hit-or-miss.  I've been here before for events and had a great time.  Everyone loves the cocktails and the bartender KNOWS his tequilas.  I've never really sat down for serious eating here until two days ago.  I waited 48 hours to write this and I still can't shake feeling ripped off.  I generally shrug off service issues.  La Comida is a hip place in a currently hip part of town.  I'm not there for Zagat rated service.  But in a restaurant a quarter full, we shouldn't have had to wait 10 minutes for a server. This set the stage. We asked about any specials, but the server told us they are listed on the menu. I then pointed out those were SPECIALTIES, do they have any daily specials? I then told him in Spanish. He got it, laughed and said no.  Pretty matter of fact, but on top of a ten minute wait, not appreciated. I ordered the shrimp ceviche. My date the chicken burrito.  My "dinner" came back a little cup of miniature shrimp, no bigger than a dime, on top of some diced fruits and avocado. It looked and tasted like half of the serving you get in a 99 cent shrimp cocktail in sundae glass up the block the California Hotel on Fremont Street.  Worse? It tasted like it! I couldn't believe it. The way it was described by the waiter, it seemed it would at least be in league with similar restaurants.  This couldn't even hold a candle to Applebee's.  This dish was $12 and it couldn't have cost them more than a quarter to make.  I was livid, but on a date, so just smiled....and drank my warm Modelo.My date fared better. The chicken burrito had a chewy tortilla wrap, but the chicken was good and somewhat ample.  It was also kind of pricy at 12 bucks, but could tolerate it because was more than a cup of miniature brine shrimp at the same price. My date's Modelo was also warm (but we were told they were supposed to be like that by the waiter. OLE')Bottom line...this is a destination restaurant more for taking selfies with drinks in hand than actually eating food.  I don't think the owners, Jenna and Michael Morton, who are renowned for creating dining experiences, are probably even privy to this kind of spotty food and service going on.  I'm hoping they are not.  But if it's really good food you want for the money, I'd say have a drink here first and move on.
4	We lucked out and got seated at the comfy booth ( there is only four) the atmosphere was electric, eclectic music, mood lighting and friendly staff. The food was just ok. I ordered the steak fajitas, I was disappointed they weren't served on a traditional steaming skillet and were under cooked. The guava margarita was delicious and so was the 3 leches cake. Over all I would go back but wouldn't order the fajitas.
1	I heard good things about this restaurant and had wanted to try it since it always seemed busy. I went on a slow night and thought it would be a perfect time.  Unfortunately, there was nothing noteworthy. Service was very slow and food was extremely bland - and adding salt didn't help. There were no rich flavors or unique items. The margaritas were too sweet ( as was the salsa ) and you couldn't taste the tequila. The only thing that had some flair was the decor.  Overall, it was very disappointing.
4	It's hard to impress me with Mexican food outside of Texas but this place did just that. The place is well run by an excellent general manager named Rafael. The professional that served my table gave great suggestions on what to try (the shaved elotes was NICE!) and the energy of the place was strong. We found this place on our way to another restaurant and decided to take a detour. Glad we did.
4	Outstanding selection of tequila and mescal.  Try the sangrita with a great anejo or mescal.  Ask for instructions!   Awesome service too
4	This little place right off the Fremont Street Experience was really a surprise. Being from Texas I can seldom expect decent Mexican food  away from home in touristy locales. This was really great. Our party had the Enchillada De Pollo which is Pulled Chicken, Queso Fresco, Onions, Mole Poblano Sauce Service was great and the ambience relaxing amidst the craziness of Fremont street.  It's fairly easy to spot off of Fremont Street since there is a 7-foot tall pink neon monkey clinging to the rooftop.
5	We had the most amazing might at La Comida! The guac was to die for and we couldn't get over the blood orange margaritas! Great environment and rad experience!
1	Stumbled upon this place while walking Freemont Street and after my experience I wish I would have kept walking. The margaritas are decent during happy hour but don't plan on feeling a buzz because the alcohol content is so low u feel like your drinking a virgin fruit drink. During Happy hour theres no food items available for the happy hour price and the food and drink prices aren't worth ordering anything unless it's happy hour,what poor marketing! The manager seems uptight an had no personality which may have been due to the fact the place was basically like a ghost town. The bartender seems friendly but beware his job is to hustle you with their extremely pricey guacamole. I believe it was $8 which was more then the drink at happy hour. The salsa was a joke and since your forced to eat tortillas due to their pricey menu at happy hour guacamole sounds better then what it taste. This place has potential due to it's location but management needs to take a marketing class and a hustling bartender at least needs to be pretty. What a rip off, I will not return!!!
5	We had the pork shoulder , shrimp. Enchaldis am ceviche.  All was good but pork shoulder was great.  Was a splitable dish for the 3 of us.  Tender, lots of flavor, great dish!!!
3	Meh......    Mediocre at best. Don't eat here if you are vegetarian or have diet restrictions.  While they attempt to accommodate one's needs, unfortunately they fell far short for us. I ordered a shrimp enchilada which had LARD in the shrimp mixture.  After telling our waitress I was vegetarian but would eat fish. My husband ordered Flautas de pollo, a chicken dish with crispy burrito type shells. And for real people get over chipolte sauce. It's not that awesome. I'll give them that the chips were good while they were warm and the bucket they come in is cute and just the right size. Do yourself a favor and just the block over to the container and eat at Pinches Tacos!
5	I am a Houston native and let me tell you I know Mexican good and this place is fantastic. If you are looking for spicy salsa order the Roma Habanero salsa. I had the burrito con pollo and the burrito with steak the two times we went and it was so delicious plus I loved the ranchero salsa they topped the burrito with. My husband had the torta the first time we went and it was amazing. Maybe a little more Cuban than Mexican because of the jam but still one of the best I have ever had and came with homemade potato chips absolutely to die for. The second time we went he had the nachos linkable and the chips were thick and baked to perfection so they did not get soggy. The cheese and sauce the chicken. Was cooked in was also fabulous. We did not have any of the drinks however what we saw they looked amazing and I definitely will have to.go try a prickly pear margarita before we head back home. The restaurant was very cute hole in the wall like something you would see in Austin. Loved every bite of it!
4	we came here with a group on a Wednesday night. The ambiance is nice and authentic, reminding my husband and I of our favorite place back home in ny. We each had margaritas and the flavors are so unique- blood orange and prickly pear are among them. Chips salsa and guac were amazing, we ordered more after we finished the complimentary bowl.  I had chicken tacos, which seemed small at first but ended up being the perfect size and incredibly delicious. My friend ordered some kind of shrimp and squash plate, which she said was amazing. We will definitely be back!
2	Food was decent. Staff not so much. Left waiting for 15 minutes at a time for our waiter while 3 other employees were standing around doing nothing. Probably not going to return.
1	Ok, so......got invited to the play day when they first opened. Which is usually comped, dropped a $250 tab, which is fine.....except the service was horrible and it took 45 min for ceviche, which came out hot because I assume someone left it under the headlamp? Fast forward 2 days, they had a glitch with the POS system and I got charged 12 times! Totally well over $2,000 which prompted chase fraud alert to lock out my account, 2 days later la comida finally put the money back in my account, but still retained the $250. I called to complain, not even a apology ? Ok so that was a while ago, I was over it! Until today! Lunch? Never going back.....ever! Which sucks because I live downtown and it's walking distance to my building. Service: deplorable, took 45 min. For 3 tacos, and got the wrong tacos.Food: wrong tacos......sent them back and waited another 15 min. For new ones....they might have been good but i wasn't in the mood at that point. Same as before, did the employee even apologize? No did a manager stop by? No I know this is not how the owner runs his business! La cave and crush are on point! 5 stars in all areas! What's up with laComida?
5	So.... a third time must be the charm. As they say.  I have tried to eat at this place so many times.  alittle coocky to enter of the side of the building, like in an alley, weird right?  But inside so intersesting to look at. I would put the neon sign out front so as to draw people in, but hey I'm just a patron. Staff  - eclectic,  but kinda more interested in chatting with the bar tender. Food - Queso Fundido, love the hint of honey and pepitas and the baby that the Mojito and the Margarita produced is great... Jalisco something, liked it. The design of the decor is so fun.
5	Loved this place. Went a few months back and service was wonderful and food tasted delicious!
4	My boyfriend and I came here on a Saturday night. Reading reviews on yelp, decided to check it out. I was very impressed! I loved the theme! I can see why some people may be thrown off but it totally worked for me. The environment was kind of "night life", I loved it! I wouldn't recommend this for a family dinner, at least not at night on the weekends. The drinks were delicious as was the food. I recommend the Tamarindo Margarita! Prices were reasonable. I suggest making reservations because it gets packed! I think service lacked because of how busy it was. It took us like a good 20 minutes to get our waiters attention to pay our bill. On the other hand the hostess were very nice. Other than that, I really enjoyed dinner at this place. Will definitely be giving it another visit.
1	In what universe does this place get off calling itself Mexican ?! I'm from Cali and this was pure garbage. Granted the presentation was nice the food was abysmal. We had what we thought were enchiladas, quesadillas and flautas. All a complete fail! I want my calories back!
5	Love this place!!!food is great and margaritas are superb:) the ambience and music is awesome..I approve
2	Food and drink were ok, but kitchen closes at midnight and even though hours say open until 2 they were circling our table to leave from the moment we walked in. A group walked in at 12:48 and they told them that they were closed. Won't come here again.
5	AMAZING FOOD AND SERVICE.The food was amazing and they even have a vegetarian meanu.  The drinks were great, the margaritas were the perfect size and made with quality.Had a great time, the waiter was so helpful, so responsive, and organized. We got our food on time so fast and it was the best mexican restaurant in Vegas.  Downtown Las Vegas is a great place to check out. With Zappos moving into the area, the nightlife has changed. I am a Los Angeles native and was in Vegas and staying at the Wynn/Encore  i got tired and wanted out and came to DTLV and found La Comida a few months back. So everytime I come to Vegas, I check out La Comida.
4	I found out about this place from a friend who was surfing Instagram; she kept seeing pics of the food from this place and since we were already planning to be in Vegas we decided to try out this place; our server was so friendly and the food was amazing; the sauce of the chicken enchilada was delicious. it was a happening spot busy; we made reservations ahead of time. it has a bar. parking was not a problem found it on the street and outside lot.
4	I am a self proclaimed lover of everything Mexican... I say that because I know a good salsa when I taste one... And this Salsa while tasty lacks that burn/heat many crave...
2	For starters I'm 300lbs and they seat me in a cheap plastic chair wrapped in fake leather. The chips were great salsa ok. Service was sub par. We ordered chicken and carnitas tacos along with a shrimp cocktail. The gal I was with ordered a margarita. She loved the drink and shrimp. But the tacos leave something to be desired.  The flavor was amazing but the portion was smaller than a mcdonalds happy meal and they charged 10 dollars. The total was 46 dollars and we were both still hungry. The place is very over priced for the amount. I will not return.
5	La comida is open on Mondays!  Manager personally came up to apologize. Great service awesome food .
1	Went for lunch. If the truth be told, I had been avoiding this restaurant because I had heard the food was average. When our first choice restaurant had a 20 minute wait, we came here. Unfortunately, my experience confirmed what I had been told. Friend had carne asada salad. I had carnitas tacos.  Service was horrible.  Friend asked for avocado for her salad three times and it never arrived.  Carne asada salad was lots of lettuce with a few strips of steak.  Friend was underwhelmed.  I have a personal mission to sample carnitas around Southwestern U.S.  These carnitas tacos were underwheleming.  Carnitas were bland; almost tasted frozen and then reheated.  More fat than meat. Tortillas were soggy.  Salsa that came with chips did not taste freshly made-- almost tasted like it came from a jar. Rice and beans were average.  Do not plan on returning again.
5	Awesome food! The chef and the staff and beyond generous and hospitable! While every white person in my family ordered variations of the burrito, I went left and ordered carne asada tacos. Perfect size, nice spice, and the ingredients were as fresh as possible! Everyone in my party enjoyed the location and decor. Shout outs to Frank and his mom who takes pics every five minutes.If you want great food, grab a shot and some flautas here!
3	The food here is outrageously good.  Small portions but big flavor. We got the shrimp enchiladas and they did not disappoint.I thought my Guava margarita was good while I was drinking it but then I broke out in hives from the cheap booze/sugar overload. Not going to lie, this place left a sour taste in my mouth.
1	Boyfriend and I ate there last night. Good was decent but the service was absolutely horrible. We were ignored. We didn't receive refills on out sodas, and it wasn't even busy! The waiter passed back and forth, servicing other tables and never came to us to make sure we were alright. Never going back there again.
4	This is a cute place with nice decor and ambiance. Lots of gray and twinkling lights with some standard Mexican restaurant decorations. It's practically empty on weeknights. The service on weeknights can certainly leave something to be desired. Our server was...strange. But we she took our orders, brought our food, and checked on us. So main tasks were accomplished. But she did screw up our bill. The food was great, though. The trio of salsas were well worth it. You get red salsa and chips complimentary. But add the $5 trio of salsas and you get habanero salsa and two green salsas. All were tasty. I opted for the pulled chicken enchiladas with mole sauce. They were yummy. Not anywhere near the best I've ever had, but they got the job done. And bonus, the sangria was tasty too.All in all, this was a good dining experience and I'd go again (and hopefully have a different server).
5	Wow! We've been meaning to try La Comida for quite awhile and now we are kicking ourselves for waiting so long!  We went for mid-afternoon lunch.  It was pretty empty.  Our server was attentive and really friendly.  We really knew the menu.  The vibe in the place is super cool too!  Love the old church windows in the bar.Starting with chips and fantastic salsa, everything was delicious! Perfect amount of heat in the salsa.  We shared the nachos which tasted like home made with chucks of meat and generous amounts if toppings.  We also shared the chicken burrito which was amazing.  My hubby would have licked the plate to get all the tomatillo sauce.  Yummm.We finished with the Tres Leche cake. Oh yaaaaa! Perfect sweet treat!Really amazing food!
2	Came in on a Tuesday night with my friend. It wasn't busy and we were sat right away. Our sever was super friendly. We started with a Guava margarita and a passion fruit margarita. Really yummy. The complimentary salsa was okay, nothing special. The ambiance of the room was really nice, very day of the dead and eclectic. I ordered the Pollo Al Horno. The server said that was great dish served in banana leafs. So I was pretty excited but he came back and told me it wasn't prepped and it would take 45 mins. He asked me if I like pork, I said no I don't eat any pork products. So he suggested a shrimp dish. Great. I love seafood. Food comes out. They also give us a family style plate of beans and rice to share. My seafood dish he picked for me has chorizo, pork product. My friend debates whether to eat his Camaron al maya tacos. After a bit of encouragement he eats and likes it.  Finally the sever comes back, apologizes. I ask just for carne asada tacos. The carne asada tacos are okay, it needed a bit of salt and some more heat. Nothing I would come back for. I would probably come back for just for drinks and atmosphere but never for food.
5	Favorite Mexican food of Las Vegas, both Halloween drunk and sober! Friends brought me here on Halloween to eat and drink tequila while running around Fremont.  We ended up with a tequila flight and a prickly pear margarita, queso fundido con chorizo, the ceviche with plantain chips.. now I just crave the ceviche really bad sometimes.  Came back another time and got the biggest tequila education in two minutes, sipped a tequila flight, enjoyed a lovely sangria, more ceviche and queso fundido, tacos, this plate of family style rice and beans, they were good but there was so much omfg on the table the rice and beans were barely touched.  Just flavor, and melting cheese, the right amount of lime, sangria, shenanigans.  So happy.
5	Intrigued by the exterior (and my love for all Hispanic food) we decided to grab lunch here. What a fun, artsy atmosphere inside: I felt like I was back in Mexico! The food didn't disappoint starting with the thick house made salsa (I hate runny salsa) that had mild spice and great roasted tomato/chipotle flavor to it. I got the Pozole soup which had great flavors and crisp veggies, just a mild spice to clear out the nostrils. My boyfriend had the chicken tacos; fresh flavors and the tortillas were AMAZING, great consistency.
1	Boyfriend and I ate there last night. Food was decent but the service was absolutely horrible. We were ignored. We didn't receive refills on our sodas, and it wasn't even busy! The waiter passed back and forth, servicing other tables and never came to us to make sure we were alright. Never going back there again...
5	Raphael guided me to an excellent new tequila, Clase Azul, and everything we had was delicious and very well prepared. Service was spectacular and the preparation was top notch. Also, they have nachos where every chip has the perfect balance of ingredients. This is a must-have if you're in the area.
4	Delicious food and friendly service. Great spicy salsa and fresh ingredients. Good choice for group dinner parties with friends and will be sure to return!
