4	Satay stands out on the corner of Valley View and Spring Mountain. It's funny because I wanted to try it everytime I drove by it. This place is by far some of the best satay I've ever had. Well it's pretty close to mine :) It's not Thai Satay...this is a Malaysian restaurant, so it's kinda a mix of Indian, Thai, Chinese, vietnamese influences to their local ingredients. The food was very fresh, colorful and flavorful. When you walk in, it's very clean and the smells from different spices linger in the room. It's not your ordinary restaurant with weekend djs and the bar has a great mix of drinks and fresh infusions of fruits and liquors. So here's the deal. The food is good. For the price - reasonable- but worth the effort.  The lettuce wraps, trendy and delicious....Pad thai was pretty good as well. They have a great selection in their menu. So there is something for everyone.
3	I was recommended to this joint from a local that works around there and boy, were they right!!! They had some awesome apps and a killer drink menu.  I had the crispy lumpia, pot stickers and WINGS that were soo good.  They also have great music and what I heard was that they have different DJs there.
2	2.5 stars. Decor was really trendy and chic, a little schizo if you look closely since there is the modern juxtaposed with the really gaudy. Nice place to bring a date since it is WAY dark inside with a full bar so if all else fails and your date isn't impressed with the food, you can always get her drunk and have your way with her in one of the somewhat secluded booths.Was not impressed with the food. Roti was served like Chinese scallion pancakes without the scallions. Accompanying curry sauce was flavorless even lil guy wouldn't eat it. Rojak was totally wrong. The sauce had no trace of shrimp paste (belachan) and the ratio of fresh vegs to the fried items was unbalanced. UGH!!! I even told the guy I wanted a heat level of 8/10 but when I tasted it I could not detect any heat in the rojak. Hubby got the curry laksa which was the only thing which my palate recognized though it was missing something. It did have curry leaves so that was a plus. However was not perfect by any means.Service was too much. Every 3mins someone would ask if everything was ok and it would rotate between these 2 servers throughout our meal. Then when it came time to pay it took forever. Go figure.Authentic it's not. Nor is it cheap, but I guess you're paying for decor.
3	It's a Malaysian restaurant that not only serves Malaysian dishes, but also some Thai, Filipino, and even a Korean BBQ dish! I only tried the Malaysian dishes here, so I can't speak for the other ones.I think their satay is pretty good and their peanut sauce is not bad. I had the prawn mee, but I thought this dish could be improved. It definitely smelled like prawn mee, but when I tasted it, I felt like something was missing. Also, the broth looked really red and spicy, but it actually wasn't spicy at all.Their food is actually not that bad, but I wouldn't call it 100% authentic. I think the price is reasonable, but I think their food could be improved a bit to be justified at that price.
4	Great place! I would recommend it to all who would like to try something Ethnic and different, yet not very risque and not pricey at all.Girlfriend and I went to this place on a whim, and it was a pleasant surprise. It looks nice from the outside, but interior decor is rather run-of-the-mill with limited ethnic flavor to it, but not without reason. This place serves a mixture of Thai, Chinese and other Asian and Island flavors. You can be very tame and order a well known Chinese dish or try a more risque Malaysian dish, either way the food is cooked just right and the servers are very friendly and knowledgeable in recommending cuisine.The place is large and is good for group meetings. The parking is pretty good for the location. The deserts are a bit lacking, but the ones that are present are good. The food is prepared quick and in good flavor, all is done right, albeit not spectacular. However, when the price tag is considered, this place is top notch! Lunch specials make it even better.Don't forget to visit this place next time you are in the "Chinatown" area of Las Vegas, you should be happy with the value for the money and your tummy will be satisfied as well.
4	Yes, I used to work here too.  I know, I probably have had more jobs than anyone has ever used the bathroom to pee.  But, I came here with my cousin a few weeks ago and have been meaning to write about it.  That day we went, I was craving for something hot and soupy so that's where we landed.  When I walked in for the first time in a year, I felt a sense of deja-vu.  It felt like I was walking in with my black mini skirt, bustier, FM boots, and heavy make up ready to serve cocktails and shots to customers.  But, I quickly erased that from my mind after seeing my old manager and greeting her hello with a warm hug.  The look of the place is still the same, nothing had changed.  The lighting above the bar is still luminescent with orange and red, and the restaurant laid out with tables and dim lights hanging just above it.  The only thing that was different was the lounge, there used to be a lounge and coffee table by the front door but that had been replaced with a large table for a large party.   What was an addition was a lounge room.  I'm not sure what that is used for.  I remember they said they wanted to make that room in to a pole room with Go-go dancers.  This place used to be very packed on Fridays and Saturdays with B-boys and little school kids who would sneak a beer here and there.  I actually hated how they would let 18 year olds party here.  But, I guess what ever any one can do in order to gain profit.  If kids can get away with it, why not?After a small conversation with my ex-boss, I found my cousin and was ready to order.  The appetizers are the best here.  Chicken Satay is normally cooked to perfection but this time it was a little over cooked.  They also have a Roty Canay normally super great but a little too doughy that night.  For a Main Course, I ordered Laksa.  I'm usually skeptical about hot and spicy food because it can't be too spicy.  But after putting a small amount in my mouth, I found it wasn't too spicy and it wasn't too hot in temperature.  That was prepared just perfectly.  The fish balls, chicken, vegetables all combined with the coconut and curry taste soup was just what I needed to warm up after a cold breezy day.  One of my cousins ordered Pad Thai and I wouldn't recommend that.  They don't make great Pad Thai's here.  It had a farty after taste and didn't smell very good.  But then again, I've never had a Pad Thai that didn't smell weird.  I am definitely going back for more Laksa  just coz it's the best food for a cold season.
5	I wasn't feeling good and this place made me feel much better.  I had the Tom Yum soup which felt good on my throat.  I tried some of my friend's Pad Thai and loved it.  We shared a coconut/mango dessert that was yummy.
4	I went here with a bunch of friends. Three cheers for 2 for 1 drinks on most nights! All of our meals were large and yummy. Server was great, and had a good sense of humor. Food was delish. Check it out.
4	Never having tried Malaysian food, we decided to try this place out prior to leaving Vegas.When we first looked at the menu, we realized that this was not a strictly Malaysian restaurant.  On half the menu, it offered Chinese food.  The other half had Malaysian/SE Asian/other category.  Being adventurous, we asked for recommendations from the waitress.  She ordered for us the Nasi Lemak Satay Special which came with 2 chicken satay (which were tasty), a beef item (good), a pile of dried/deep fried small fish, and fried bananas (the batter was a bit much).  She also got us a Mee Goreng noodle dish which I thought was very tasty.  Loved the Malaysian Chicken Curry.  Nice complex flavors.The deep-fried green tea ice-cream was nothing special, the batter was too thick and the ice cream itself has some patches of ice.  To wash it all down was coconut milk served in a coconut.  Not shabby.A place I definitely would hit up again when in vegas.
3	Pad Thai is good as everyone else has said. Roti is not good. Taste like raw dough; sauce is alright though. Coconut rice is not good. There's really no coconut flavor, and the rice is hard. It took awhile for us to get our waiter, but the food came pretty fast. I recommend the pad thai. Haven't tried other dishes. I give this a 3 just because of the pad thai. If you want good Malaysian food, Penang is still my top choice.
1	I pulled into this place and it was completely dead at lunch and the second I entered they were on me like white on rice, the smell was indescribable-just horrendous-I told them I wanted takeout they threw the menu at me and told me to get out of the way and go to the bar to order. As if that wasn't enough-I tried ordering some BBQ pork-guess what NOT today!!! I left disappointed never to return.
4	I really liked the Singapore noodles but don't get them if you don't like spicy food.  The waitress recommended satay which we chose beef, you get 6 ; we both thought were tasty.  Calamari , edamame, desserts were ok.  We had 2 other dishes and  the bill was ~$55.  We took home 3 cartons of food & it all tasted wonderful the next day!
2	I know I really busted balls with this place the first go round but hell I'm a paying customer and I expect a little decency. So 1st go round I just left & never ate so to be fair I ordered for take-out some pork & rice with some little egg roll/taquitos Im not quite sure what they were other than overdone. The meat was pretty decent-real tender and looked good but not any flavor and the dipping stuff was kinda orange marmalade stuff. The jasmine rice was really dry and just flavorless which i guess most rice is but i like some soy or sweet n sour with mine. It cost me $9.50 and I was still hungry after eating this. Not good Not bad just plain and a little pricy.
3	on the fence about this place...We were looking for something Asian for dinner and was driving around near Chinatown and spotted this Malaysian (more like Pan-Asian) restaurant with a good locals review.  So in we went.  Dead as a graveyard.  But we were early since it was only 5pm.  We spotted Roti and coconut rice on the menu and knew we had to try it since my fiance likes it.  For the main dish, we asked the the server for his recommendation for a good Malaysian dish and he suggested the Rendeng (Beef Curry) so we said, what the hey...this only one of a a few Malaysian dishes we spotted on the menu.  The food was just fair.  The roti was normal with a runny curry dipping sauce.  The coconut rice was okay, fluffy with coconut flavor.  The beef tasted okay and was tender but looked like a pile of poo.    The prices were a little above average and the service was good but why shouldn't it be if there are no customers.  I probably won't be revisiting this place when I am in Vegas.
4	everytime ii go to vegas, ii always have to come here to eat their pad thai.  their dessert with the mango sticky rice is to die for!
4	"Love the prawn mee; really yummy and authentic. The sotong balls are great too. Char Kway Teow (get it spicy) is awesome! Other dishes are pretty close, but not 100% there...overall....a great, affordable place to dine!"
4	Ordered the Laksa and Chicken rice; both were good, although not 100% authentic. Always good service, fairly fast and never super crowded.
4	I dined here last week some friends.  This place wasn't very busy when we went for lunch so it was very quiet and service was awesome.  I ordered the chicken satay for appetizer and it was really good and tender.  The curry flavors were perfect and the dipping sauce was great.  For my entree I had the orange shrimp with jasmine rice and it was awesome.  i only wish I had a few more shrimp pieces on my plate. By no means was it lacking in portions but I just could have eaten more.I'll definitely go back to this place on my next Vegas trip!
4	I have been coming here for around 2 years now and I always enjoy the food. Ambience is beautiful and they have a very nice martini bar too with flat screens hung on the walls and a walled-off private room for functions. Food that I always love to order and enjoy everytime:APPETIZERS/ STARTERSIndian Rojak (a "salad" of fresh beans sprouts, julienned cucumber, fried tofu, shrimp fritters, and sliced boiled egg among other things topped with a delicious, very mildly spicy sweet-savory puree dressing.. trust me, it's absolutely delicious).. this is my all-time favorite dish they serveRoti Canai (pan-fried indian bread that is tender and flaky served with a delicious savory curry dipping- or in my case, dunking- sauce) Chicken Lettuce Cups (nothing incredibly unique about this, but it always comes out with the filling steaming hot, well-seasoned (with bits of water chestnut that add a pleasant crunch), the lettuce crisp and fresh and the hoisin sauce that ties it all together. Delicious.Fish Cake (Kikiam)- (the serving is rather small but if you're a fan of kikiam, the type they serve here is definitely good quality)MAIN COURSECrispy fried pork chops with sweet and sour sauce (crisp and tender, in small pieces for easy tackling, and never greasy; the sauce packs a punch of flavor without being too cloying)Singaporean Noodles (this can be a tiny bit greasy sometimes, but I've had this at many many places and this joint serves it up LESS greasy)Oh, and the coconut juice on the drinks menu is served in an actual whole green coconute and comes tasting cold, fresh, and not-to-sweet- always perfect!
5	So tasty!! I had the combo satay (had to check out the namesake, of course) and the Roti appy. Both the chicken and beef satay were spectacular. Very tender and you didn't have to wrestle them off the skewers. Very tasty and tender, great seasoning and you can't do wrong with peanut sauce. The roti, as recommended by my bartender-server, was also tasty with the curry sauce dip (but also great with the peanut sauce from the satay). I've had roti before and loved it. Its almost pastry-like, crisply multi-layered like greek phyllo but more stretchy. This particular one was more greasy than I would like. I'll ask for that adjustment next time and it should be perfect. Its almost like the Malay version of chips and salsa. I caught the chef spying on me from the kitchen to make sure I liked his food. That was pretty cute. Haha. Looks like they have a cool lounge scene for evenings, too. Comphy modern low couches set up in a very social layout. Totally chill-worthy. I'll be back for sure. Service was great and prices also look very good for Vegas.
4	It is very unusual to find authentic Malaysian food in restaurants, so when you come upon a restaurant that does Malaysian food this well - stick to the traditional food (and don't order the Thai food on the menu !)I ordered the beef rendang, which is soaked in coconut milk and spices. It is very tender and practically falls apart in your mouth. It can also be quite spicy (depending on what desired rating you give them) so be prepared. I got a 5 out of 10, and was downing water. My boyfriend ordered the nasi lemak - a rice dish with many interesting ingredients melded in - hard boiled egg, small anchovies, roasted peanuts, cucumber slices, a spicy sauce, and shrimp. The flavor profile of Malaysian food is completely different from the more common Asian foods you'll find around (Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Thai) and I recommend everyone try it once.This restaurant had good drinks, a pleasant ambiance, and good food. It was, however, very much off the strip. Oddly enough, no cabs would stop for us on the way back and we walked 45 min back to the Strip in heels so be prepared. (Of course, being off the Strip lent the restaurant better prices AND food).
3	I fell in love with Satay back in the day when they were on Spring Mountain. Hands down some of the best Malaysian food I've ever had...not to mention great Pad Thai and spring rolls. It's great to see they have expanded to a bigger location on Paradise. Congrats Satay, you rock and deserve it after years of hard work ;)
5	It was everything we hoped for - spicy curry,rich complex  rendang and spicy fishy green beans with blanchan. Going back now for Nasi lemak Hope it's good
4	Thanks to Anthony Bourdain we discovered the malaysian beauty that is Laksa, a mild curry noodle soup that is served with egg noodles, rice noodles, fish ball, shrimp, and crispy tofu, sometimes referred to as Curry Mee depending on the restaurant. Laksa is unlike any curry you've ever tasted, its not as spicy and lemongrassy as a thai curry, its not a sour sort of acquired taste that is a japanese curry, its delicate, its buttery, and absolutely freaking delicious. The Laksa here is hands down the tastiest Laksa I've ever had. It ruined me,  I cant eat it at any of the other local places I used to go to. You can feel confident ordering from either the thai or malaysian side of the menu. I'm incredibly picky about my thai food; gratefully this place never dissapoints. My favorites aside from the Laksa are, the Roti with curry dipping sauce. The Roti is buttery and flaky like some kind of perfect biscuit/pancake hybrid, the dipping sauce is the same curry thats used in the laksa which I've already told you is delicious. The Thai Omelet with chicken is thin, crispy and never greasy, add a little sriracha and its just the way I like it! I also love their pad ki mao and the beef rendang; the sauce on the rendang will make your lips tingle just enough to make you sure you want more. When they ask what kind of rice you want make sure you say "coconut" and then make sure your friends do too, some fool always tries to order the brown rice and then ends up eating all your coconut rice.     They have a full bar, a large lounge area, and patio outside for the smoking diners.
2	Club like atmosphere, surprise, it's Vegas.  Food was tasty, but the service was a joke. Ordered beers, but first three names I prattled off were not available. What kind of crazy exotic beers did I order that they were out of?  Michelob Ultra, Guinness, and Tsing Tao. Finally I just asked what DO you have and got a Sopporo.  Ordered 5 items and our waitress forgot 2.  All tables had their food when we ordered. And the next batch of customers did not arrive until we were finished ordering. How can you forget a 5 item order?? But I digress. The check was $50 for 3 ppl, although we only had 2 peoples-worth of food. Still not bad for Vegas.  Would be a 3.5-star rating if judged only on the food.
4	I am a fan of Roti with Curry Sauce, Singapore Noodles, Grilled Calamari Satay and their Patio Sessions on Saturday nights. Great food, music and dancing.
5	How to sum up the night at Satay... Beertaylicious.... Is that okay? Anyways a group of Yelpers got together to give Misti the pat on the back that she deserves for becoming our CM,  please allow me to say that Satay did an amazing job of handling the occasion. The Beer was flowing and the food was never gone... Everything was delicious, the beer was cold and the company was great, its amazing how much you can find out about people over a few hundred ounces of beer. Like the fact that more than one person uses the phrase, " I'm gonna Yelp the hell out of this".  As well as who the Mayor of Capriottis really is. Oh and I can't forget; sharing conversation over a beer with your dentist is not an every day thing.. Thanks My T.  Dave appreciated it.  Okay moving on... The steady stream of goods were in no way lacking anything and one of the coolest things was that "Jay-Son" ( this is direct spelling from his name tag) Is the owner of Satay and was mingling with all of us all night. This guy is awesome, very friendly and open about the story behind what is Satay. I could not have asked for more at  one of our first few Yelpish gatherings. Again, great food, cold drinks and amazing people, combined with a welcoming establishment it could not have been better. A huge thank you goes out to Satay for allowing us to take over the patio like that, and a huge thank you goes to our fearless CM... well at least when she is not being held up by fellow yelpers for pictures.  I will personally be back to Satay as everything was finely executed and I cannot wait to share this gem with other friends.
5	Yes, this was my first Yelp Event and yes, I feel like a better person for attending!Luckily, Satay is down the street from work so I got here very fast and walked in to see Misti Y. and her husband Bobby working their tails off to set up!  Yelpers enjoyed the whole patio, and tables were sprinkled with Yelpilicious items, including buttons, chapstick (see my Yelp Career Fair Review for my excitement over chapstick), bottle-opener keychains, and Yelp madlib bar napkins.I was able to meet a large number of rather awesome Yelpers so it I probably shouldn't name names, but I was so happy to finally meet some "regulars" aka Matthew C., Raymond B., and Blair B. whose reviews I really admire *blush*The food was yummy - a smorgasbord of satay with peanut sauce and cucumber salad, spicy hot wings with raw jalepenos (love those suckers), crab rangoons, roti with curry sauce, samosas, edamame and veggie eggrolls.  We also enjoyed Singha beer towers (those things are enormous!)  I had to rely on Bobby's beer "pouring" skills for a full glass.  I also tried an Asian pear/sake cocktail with a cucumber (delicious).  Misti Y. named a cocktail the "Yelpish Red" and it was enjoyed by all.Satay really set us up with a good deal - their happy hour is $3 appetizers, $3 house wines, $5 martinis and tropical cocktails/Yelpish Red Special drink, $24 beer towers, etc.  Our bartender was awesome and he set up Santana on a giant sound system outside.  Jay-son who I believe owns/manages Satay checked on us, mingled, and gave us all coupons for our next visit.I had a great time and definitely would return to check out the rest of the menu.  I peeked inside and the interior is very nice.  I have to say that the peanut sauce and the raw jalepenos rocked my world.  I think I scared Blair B.'s husband a bit when he saw me down a few raw jalepenos - but I never claimed to be normal! :)Can't wait for the next one!!!
5	Well then. The only words I could think of when leaving the warm and inviting doors of Satay.I was here last night for a Yelp meet up and LOVED the beer towers, and assortment of appetizers that are available during Happy Hour. I should point out that the Happy Hour is more like a Happy Session because it goes on for multiple hours. I took a picture of the Happy Hour menu because I didn't want to forget it:M-F 4:30-8PM and Sat/Sun from Noon-Six.$5 Various Appetizers$5 House Cocktails$24 Tower of Beer (I call it the Tower of Power)Two things REALLY stand out aside from the great food and atmosphere. 1. The owner Jay-Son (I think that's his name) is very engaging, and is very passionate about the menu and his restaurant. It shows. He will come and talk to you in a non-creepy and non-invasive way, and share his restaurant with you. 2. The bathrooms are very clean. I am usually a stickler for this and tend to mark down points.It's worth a visit. Definitely on my short-list for birthday venues (August 22 hint hint) and also a great place to take your tourist friends before a night out on the strip!
5	My very first Yelp Event and I couldn't be there for the start, but I did my best to contribute to the ending.To all my fellow Yelpers that attended, I wish I could have been there to kick things off with you, but I still enjoyed every minute.  The remaining apps all looked good, the bartenders and food runners were all more than helpful in grabbing an ice cold glass to pour the remaining oz's of Singha; delicious.  I was able to sample a few entrees, one being Mama's Curry - Mixture of Dark Chicken meat, Red Curry, and Potatoes.  Also had a little Coconut Rice and Coconut Boba Smoothie, which were both amazing!!!I was very fortunate to spend a little time with my Yelp friends and look forward to all of our future events.  I will be making many trips back to Satay as they made our night!
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said by my fellow Yelpers a mere 24 hours after our first Yelp meetup?  Hell, 24 hours is like 24 days in Yelp time, so of course I'm late to the Review Satay Party.All the appetizers we had were really, really good.  Like unexpectedly so.  Standouts are the satays (obviously) and the chicken wings, but did I mention that EVERYTHING is really, really good?  Oh, I did?The owner Jay-sun was super friendly, telling us stories of growing up around the time Karate Kid came out and people thinking he was actually just Jay.  Nope, it's Jason.  Super nice guy, and I'll definitely be throwing some business his way whenever I can.If you're a beer drinker, obviously get a beer tower when you go.  I'm not much of a beer drinker lately but somehow managed to have two glasses between stuffing my face.Oh yeah, and their happy hour is ridiculous.  It's like 4:30pm-8pm on weekdays and noon to 6pm on weekends.  That's a lot of hours to be happy!  The play is to come out on a Tuesday evening and then stick around for karaoke.  Make sure you sing "My Way" by Frank Sinatra!
5	I'm very happy our first CMYE gave me a chance to try this awesome place out.  Satay truly is a place that has style and substance. A hip, fun place to hang out but with tasty food and drinks that will keep me coming back. Prices are quite reasonable, particularly for the quality. The Happy Hour has been mentioned a lot on Yelp - and for good reason. A Happy Hour that doesn't end until 8 PM? Freaking SWEET. We sampled many of the appetizer-esque foods - satays, wontons, and chicken wings. All were incredibly tasty. I was pleasantly surprised by the chicken wings . Forget BW3 - come here for your chicken wing fix. The sweet glaze with just a touch of heat was perfect.Their namesake satays were also a winner! The glaze on them was perfect and no chewy meat here. We were so happy with the appetizers we ordered a half duck ($14) from the menu. We were given a choice of many delish sounding rices (jasmine, coconut, white, brown) and went with the coconut. The duck was perfect - moist with beautiful crisp skin and the coconut rice was amazing. It wasn't  the sticky dessert type rice you get at most places - it was white rice with just a perfect subtle coconut flavor. If only they gave me a bucket of that rice - I might have been able to finish it ! Great owner, great beer (who doesn't like drinking beer out of freaking cool towers?), great patio, great food.. definitely recommend it for locals and tourists alike. We're going into patio season - take advantage !
5	What's not to love about a tower of beer the size of me? Throw in a couple of fried-grilled-baked-appetizers along with some good company and you have yourself a fantastic time. I can't wait for the temperature to warm up a bit and I'm going to this Happy Hour spot for Tuesday Karaoke Fight Night. The owner Jayson is actually very personable which makes my review even more biased because I only ate 2 items on their menu. Chicken wings and Satay were delicious! But any joint where the owner puts their sweat and soul into the food (minus real sweat) is a good joint for me. I really hope this spot will be busier than Firefly because I love both in this plaza. Next visit :sit on patio, order everything on happy menu,  and beer tower.
4	I started this review and never finished it so it's about 4 months old.  That being said, here's why I gave it a 4:Vegas has become uber expensive lately and I was thrilled to find this place.  It's affordable and they have a variety of different asian dishes to select from.The first night, I did take-out so no comment on the service itself (though the girl who helped me out was uber nice and it was quite fast).  The food was pretty good so I was happy to go back the second night to actually sit down to eat.  Had some Thai noodles and some satay skewers... everything was very good.  The service is a bit slow considering there weren't that many people there but the server was very nice so that's fine.All in all, it was quite good and I would definitely come back here when I'm tight on cash in Vegas but I still want to eat a good hot meal!
2	This is probably one place that is a hit or miss for me. Visiting from Chicago, I was excited to see how Asian fare would be in comparison. Satay has a clean and cozy ambiance to it when you walk in. I came with a big group and unfortunately that probably contributed to my overall experience here. We attempted to wait for  everyone's dishes to come out but that was a bad idea. All of our food got cold because it took a good 50 min for everyone's dishes to come out after the first person getting theirs. Eventually we stopped waiting but all those who waited already had cold dishes in front of them.Aside from that, my food and the flavors itself was not really anything out of the ordinary. I ordered chicken pad thai, a pretty basic and popular dish that really cant go wrong. Mine came out pretty bland unfortunately. I don't really see myself coming back here on my next visit unless its for happy hour or something.
4	4.5 Stars.  (I have yet to give any place 5 stars because I want to leave room for perfection.....)This place is really awesome.  If you like Asian food and like the South Asian influences, this is the place for you!  The Roti with Curry sauce is a no brainer....we had to order a second plate.  The Laksa is sooooo good as a hangover meal.  I love it spicey and they didn't do too bad a job.  I just wish we could do it with rice instead of noodles.  That would have really made my inner South Indian child happy!The beer is cold and the waitresses are cute.  In fact, they have a Satay calendar with their female wait staff and other asian models.  I gave mine away since I don't think my wife would approve.  :(You have to give this place a try.  Great food.  Cool vibe. Nice people.
4	Met a colleague for lunch here today and was favorably impressed. I ordered the garlic shrimp and it was both tasty and large enough for lunch. Some places ding you with just a few shrimp, but Satay gave you your money's worth. The place is right across from the Hughes Center and quite accessible. I'd recommend it for lunch, especially for my university colleagues who've become bored and jaded by the lackluster restaurants that are just on the other side of Maryland Parkway.
5	After eating the spicy shrimp sashimi which is served on a bed of mint leaves, I could not get it out of my head!  Another dish discovered, which I can call my favorite! And I finally tried the wings and I was happy. It was really good! Wow! This place has really amazing Asian food!!  Still, I am a fan of Patio Sessions on Saturday nights! It's a great place to spend a night out to have amazing dinner, cheap drinks and listen to really good house music out on the patio. Perfect for summer nights! So, for all of you house music and food lovers, this is the place to be on a Saturday night. You can go and get dressed up or show up on an empty stomach with chucks and you better believe that you can get your stomach filled with food joy and house music!
5	After having to cancel the UYE planned for that Wednesday night we decided to take advantage of the fact that we had a babysitter in place and take the evening to enjoy a small Happy hour hop and what better way to do that then to kick it off at Satay..I was hoping that Jason would be there so i could introduce him to the wife, since the last time I had enjoyed satay was with the yelp crew at the CMYE.  Even though Jason was not there the staff that was there was super friendly just as i remembered and was more than fast with the drinks and service. We decided to order a drink and a few appetizers and of course i had to go with the Singha which was ice cold and amazing, Becky ordered a Malaysian Mai Tia which looked great and got her night off to a great start. I recommended we order the satay along side our lumpia and crab rangoons and to my delight it was just as delicious as the first time. We finished up our appetizers and were just about to pay the bill when the server said... Oh, hey how would you like to win a free trip to Thailand?.. I stopped for a second and said WHAT? So he stopped for a moment and explained the Singha corporation loyalty card.  For every Singha you drink you get one entry into the drawing that will take place at the end of the year at Satay which you do not have to be at to win.. Also if you eat lunch there and show your card you get buy one get one lunch specials with your loyalty card.. How sweet is that!!!I was impressed with Satay from the first time i tried it and i must Satay, I will continue to come here for the great happy hour eats and ice cold Singha!!
5	Patio Sessions at Satay Asian Bistro begins at 10pm - 3am every Saturday night on the outdoor patio. Resident DJ's Sense and Frank Richards are behind the decks to keep you listening to House Music while sipping on your Singha Beer Tower, drinking on $75 dollar liquor bottles or just eating delicious food, which the kitchen stays open until 3am.  Additionally, no cover charge and from 10-11pm ladies drink free (well drinks only)This weekly event is perfect for summer nights and the place to go when in doubt waiting in long lines or paying overcharged drinks at the Las Vegas Strip.  It's also a great venue to have a birthday party or any special events.  You get the free music during your dinner and no need to drive to go dancing afterward because you can stay there and dance off the Satay meal that's in your tummy!For more information on upcoming events and special guest DJ's go to: http://djfrankrichards.com/djfrankrichards.com/Home.htmlhttp://casadelsoulvegas.blogspot.com/
4	The dressing on my salad was a bit too sweet and so i minus one star. That said, the service was great, all the other dishes were delicious! The Tom Ka soup and the boba were exactly how I wanted them to be, and how I'd hoped they'd taste. So definitely no disappointments there. My friends all loved their food too. And I had an urge to just hang out drinking this amazing Vietnamese hot tea afterwards outside on the patio for hours. If I didn't have so much work to do, I totally would have done that. Def going back on a day where I can chill for a couple hours on that patio.
4	I'm from Singapore and grew up eating Malaysian food every other day. Living in Las Vegas, it's been pretty tough to find good Malaysian food especially being a vegetarian. We finally decided to go to Satay late one night with a bunch of friends. (Yes...this place is open super late and so it's a perfect chill hang out after a show...)The ambience was suprisingly very modern and the restaurant had couches for us to sit on that seemed so urban and chic. It's hard to find a vibe like this at an Asian place outside the strip. Their drinks menu looked very interesting with Singapore Slings, Mai Tais and other exotic Asian inspired cocktails on it. I had a Mai Tai which was pretty good (rather strong but I'm not complaining)....We ordered the roti canai (Asian pancakes that is served with a curry dipping sauce) to start with. That was pretty alright...the pancake itself seemed like it may have been frozen and then reheated so definitely it wasn't the top of the "fresh" list. We also ordered crispy samosas. Omigosh...this was AMAZING! The potato and peas curry filling was so moist and oozing out of the fresh crisp samosa wrapper. It was a little party in my mouth! We then ordered the char kuay teow - flat rice noodles in a black sauce with tofu. This is my favorite South East Asian dish and was hoping that thi Char Kay Teow would be passable. It was really good! They put the right ingredients and even made it vegetarian for us. The service here was friendly. the food came fast, they were very accommodating to our requests and the price was very reasonable. All in all, a great option to hang out at. One of my new favs!
4	Service was excellent and attentive.  The dessert--sticky rice with mango was superb.  I used to live in Thailand and it really took me back to bamboo shoots filled with sticky rice.  The beef salad was pretty good.  I am a bit spoiled so I wasn't overly impressed with the butter lettuce style--it felt a little Americanized.  However, the happy hour prices made up for it completely.  a friend and I ate, drank and were merry for $35 before tip.  Boom.  Can't beat that.
5	Hands down, the best Pad Thai I've ever had. Very busy at lunch with the corporate crowd, so get there early. The service has always been so-so....never great.
3	Went to dinner here tonight. Unfortunately I had to reduce the stars on my rating due to the following experience tonight:1. Ordered Char Kuay Teow with extra tofu. The noodles tasted fine but there was definitely no extra tofu in it2. The hubs ordered Nasi Goreng with extra tofu. Again no extra tofu. And this dish was awful. It was SWEET. Nasi Goreng in its traditional form is spicy and salty and there is no hint of sugar. It was actually really bad.On the other hand, everyone else enjoyed their dishes very much and our waiter was friendly  and helpful.
4	Yelpacious Dishes. A handful of Yelpers came after a Elite event because we luv each other so we set up on the patio for a session of nonsense and wonderful talk. They have patio misters so its quite nice for a summer day. I was still pretty full from the day of eats so I just wanted a drink and a small munchie so I grabbed a Matcha Green Tea smoothie with boba and wanted to try their Thai beef jerky. The tea smoothie wasn't bad, it was sweet so maybe not for matcha lovers who like it plain, but it was a nice and creamy but still refreshing. The boba in it was a bit overcooked though so had a mushy texture that it shouldn't. Beef jerky was good, had nice flavoring, but wish there was some kind of sauce since it helps with the flavors and it just gets a bit dry chewing strips of meat even though it was tender. Most places do but they didn't serve it like that here. Maybe next time I'll ask for some kind of sauce or even just some of the pickled cucumber salad to "wet" it a bit. Will try a few of the star dishes when we come next time as I didn't really have enough to gauge their food fairly. Coming back for the Patio Session as we love house music, food and lovely company to share it all with.
4	Stopped by here after the Elite event last week with my fellow Yelpers. We sat out on the patio and it was nice with the misters. I was disappointed when they shut off the misters before we were done.I had a strawberry smoothie w/boba. The boba were mushy because they were over cooked. The chicken and beef skewers were good. I also tried a chicken wing, some calamari dish, and a crab rangoon. They were ok.The atmosphere was pretty cool. I will come back on an empty stomach.
3	Came by after the yelp event at the Trifecta with some fellow yelpers to grab some late grub.  The actual setting is laid back on the outdoor patio and the mist going (I don't know if this is the best use of water in a desert...).  I had a golden calamari satay which was nice and crisp, and delicious with the mayonnaise.  I also had combination fried rice which involved chicken, pork, and shrimp.  It was OK, kinda bland but not bad.  I don't really drink anymore so I can't comment on their bar.  The service was also awkward, wasn't sure whether I was getting through to the server or not at some points. The prices are a little high too, it's hard to get filled up when each individual item is in the 8-11 range. All in all, I'd come back if people were hanging out, but not at the top of my mind for a place to sit down and eat.
5	Good food, good drinks, good people!Patio Sessions every Saturday night has a great vibe w/ a fun crowd every week. As for the food, here are some are my favs!Roti Canai Satay (all of them are good!)Thai Beef SaladNasi GorengPrawn MeeKorean short ribsCoconut ice creammango sticky rice...and many many more!
5	BEST PAD THAI IN TOWN! This place is pretty frickin' good...maybe cause i'm from kansas i was overly impressed with the food... but it's the best i've had in las vegas in terms of thai/chinese/whatever...also had a few good drinks (cheap i might ad! $5 beers are hard to find here) =) i will return!
5	"The tired souls wandered through the desert desperate for respite. Their energies all but drained, all they could hope for was refuge from the heat and a place to refuel."I just made that up right now...damn I sound like an author...lol. But in all seriousness, it describes accurately how my friends and I felt. It was our first day in Vegas for the weekend and we were hungry, thirsty, and still getting used to the dry, desert heat. We all vouched to eat food at a place we can't get back home and were gonna hit up the buffets the next day so we wanted something more of a sit down type of dining establishment. So like I usually do I hop on Yelp and find this teppanyaki spot similar to Benihana that I believe was also featured on the Travel Channel. Long story short we make it out there but can't seat us because we don't have reservations and the wait for a table is an hour and a half. So we say "Screw that!...what other spot can we eat!?" So we just happen to come across Satay Asian Bistro and Bar. And I must say I've become truly enamored with the place. Once we entered we were quickly acknowledged and greeted. There is dim lighting and great decor. Sports was on the TV. The food here is a combination of Malay, Thai, and Singaporean dishes. Service was on point but the most importantly the food was delicious.We ordered Thai beer...Singha...never had it before but enjoyed it. *Chicken satay stick* Pork satay stick* Honey glazed bbq pork* roast duck* steamed ricePortions were generous and reasonably priced. Our server was very courteous and suggested to us some things to do on the night life scene locally. They also throw there own lounge, happy hour, dj event every Saturday no cover. I'll have to go back and check that out someday. This place is off the beaten path...but definitely worth checking out.
4	Recently just took my family here for a bite to eat this past weekend and must say that everything about this place kicked ass. The prices were fair, food good and service even better! I think this place will be my new alternative to Firefly when they are packed on Friday or Saturday nights..... or at least where I am going to go while waiting for a table to open up.
5	I've only been here 3 times and I have a favorite waiter. His name escapes me right now but he is so f'n attentive, friendly and cute. He has served us 2 out of the 3 times we were there. The time he did not serve us we had a great waiter as well so 5 stars for the staff!They have extended Happy Hours. The happy hour drinks a re sinful and yummy - Call a Cab in a great fruity, colorful drink. As I'm vegetarian and most often make healthier decisions I'm not too into the happy hour food selection but I'm sure many would be.Everybody LOVES the coconut rice. Rich is a fan of the mango shrimp. I've tried the Tom Kha Pak (Veggie Coconut Milk Soup,) Phad Kee Mao (Spicy Basil Noodle) - all were fantastic!They get bonus points for having outdoor seating - a challenging find in Vegas for a final score of 7 out of 5!
4	This is my new favorite happy hour spot.  Cheap drinks + cheap but amazing Asian small bites = heaven.  The first time I went in with the hubby and five year old for Sunday afternoon lunch.  We were the only ones in there which I thought was a shame.  For all 3 of us, the bill was around $50, and we ate a ton and had adult beverages as well.  What a deal!  The weekend happy hour is extended...noon to six I think.  This beats an uptight brunch any day!  So, we had laksa, sweet chili chicken wings, roti, pork satay, and crispy duck...all good.  I wouldn't say the duck was actually crispy though, but it was still really good.  The satay was so flavorful and tender.  The wings were sweet, sticky, spicy, and wonderously crispy.  Roti was buttery and served with curry broth.  And the laksa, which I've been wanting to try, was a meal in itself (for 3).  I think it would make a great hangover remedy...warm and comforting and spicy.   I brought the girls here the following week.  We ordered all of the same stuff, plus calamari satay which was the best, extra orders of roti, and large amounts of wine. We sat on the patio even though it was over 100 degrees outside, but with the misters, it felt great.  It was a little busier this time around so the service was not quite up to par with the first visit.  They screwed up our bill a little bit and charged full price on some happy hour items, but it was all worked out in the end.
5	mmmmm they deliver and make your night . LOVE the food
5	This review is for the catering service delivered to our office.Janie is one of the owners and she is just amazing as well as her other siblings.  She helped me with the menu selection for 68 people.  We had the following:Chicken SatayLumpia Egg rollsBrown Jasmine RiceWhite Jasmine RiceRed Chicken Curry Combo Fried RiceSingapore NoodlesBeef Chinese BroccoliVegetable Buddha Delight Stir FryOur last staff luncheon was coordinated by another person and there was not enough food at all. So I was a little nervous, however Janie made sure the amount of food was just enough and a little more for seconds. Catering price is terrific! The guys set up the large food trays in our lunch room and tipped them $100 for service! Thank you to the staff of Satay and for putting smiles in our bellies!
4	Yelpizzles love each other. We met up before the Yelp Helps and stayed together for an after event shindig. We were thinking of what to munch on and I heard that they have Chicken and Waffles now at Satay and that it's some seriously proper chicken. Unfortunately that is a late night special on Fri&Sat  (see separate biz review- http://www.yelp.com/biz/chicks-waffles-and-burgers-las-vegas#query:chicken%20and%20waffle ) so I didn't get to try, but I'm all good with Satays regular food. As we were sitting, one of our company said that they wrote a review for a past experience and management wrote her an email about her experience and hope that they can change it into a positive. I know, it didn't happen to me, but I respect them for that.  Just wanted to say kudos for that...most places don't care and some businesses go out of the way to tell the customer that the customer is wrong!  They seem to care about their business and the email sounded polite, professional yet still sincere.The BF and I got some Honey Walnut Shrimp- I know, you can get this just about everywhere but we were just craving it okay? The shrimp was fresh so all is good. Also got the Lamb curry which had very soft meat and nice spices....a tad too salty even with rice, but still it was decent. We got a salt and pepper fried tofu and it was lovely since it was crunchy outside and inside it was still very soft and melty even. I took bites out of everyones yummies....I liked the Tom Kha one friend ordered. Service was very friendly and attentive tonight. Overall, after a few times going here, I like this place. It's a far off place to go out of my way to come eat often, but when I'm out about town and need some late night goods, it's on my list for this side of town. Definitely I will be back for chicken and waffles soon!
2	We were inside the restaurant on a Friday night. All the action was on the patio, with girls screaming every several minutes or so over the loud beats. The interior was dead when we arrived, save for 2-3 guys hanging out at the bar. We ordered thai iced coffee to start, which was good, but not phenomenal. The interior is nice, with brick walls and well executed decorations. The bar is off the side from the main dining area, with the exit to the patio and bathrooms located on the opposite end from where we were seated. The party outside was really loud, and the music was even louder. They were playing largely hip hop and my boyfriend really didn't enjoy listening to it while trying to eat.For food, we ordered the Buddha fresh spring roll, an order of the combo satay and the spicy red curry to finish. Our appetizers came out quickly, but not long after that that point another large group came in and they dominated the restaurant's attentions for the remainder of the evening. Our curry took at least 15, if not 20, minutes to come out while we sat and finished our coffees, our appetizers, and just sat there trying in vain to communicate over the really loud music. Our waitress had time to count her tips and chat with one of the other waitresses before everyone was distracted for the next 20 minutes. We ordered a Singha, which was forgotten, so after waiting a while we got it from another server who was rushing around.  We watched as a table of "invisible customers" a few seats down from us was filled with multiple different steaming plates of food while we were waiting on our curry. Eventually 2 people sat there, one who looked like they were probably the owner and the other his friend. The owner-looking fellow talked to the other group in the room & the waitstaff while ignoring us as we sat there unhappy.  The Food:The Buddha Fresh Spring roll was medicore. Small bites of shrimp with tons and tons of cabbage. No real texture interest, no real flavor of any kind- just lots of raw cabbage and chewy rice paper. Served with a really sticky, peanut-laced sauce. The Satay were better. Several skewers of different types of meat, they were still tender and slid off the sticks easily enough to avoid puncturing yourself.After waiting so long, the curry didn't really satisfy us. It was definitely spicy, but didn't have much going on in the background. It was all heat in the beginning and wimper at the end. I liked the vibrant red color of it and the fresh herbs, but otherwise it was just OK. There wasn't a strong coconut flavor to it, which disappointed J quite a bit. We had been expecting more of a traditional thai style curry, while I'm guessing this may have been more Malaysian. I ate mine because I was hungry but J left his unfinished. We had it with the coconut rice, which helped bring some coconut flavor to the picture, but not a ton. It was moist rice, but a small portion- roughly an upturned bowl for us to share. It was definitely not enough for the entire bowl and all the sauce.  When we were about to go, we asked to have all of our food boxed up. Our waitress disappeared with the food and then returned to go chat with the other customers. We stood around waiting until she was finished, but when that took too long, we asked another server where our food was. She'd thrown it away. Oh, thanks! It was easily half the meal still. I'm assuming she couldn't hear me because the music was SO loud!  We got another batch made up quickly, which made up for it- but also made us wonder why it took so long the first time. I don't like yelling over the music while trying to enjoy a nice meal out, nor do I enjoy being blatantly ignored or given biased treatment while out to eat. It's understandable to me that there's more motivation to kiss up to the large groups because of the higher chance of a good tip, but you never know in this town who'll be the best tipper. Overall- you're paying for atmosphere. Go at happy hour, grub out and drink some tasty sounding drinks. Don't go after midnight for food unless you're going to be partying on the patio or with a large enough group for them to really care.
3	Not enough time or food to gauge an honest opinion, but limited is better than nothing.OX TAIL SOUP:  Good flavor, tail was not quite tender.  Brother subtle and very good.  First time in a long time, broth was NOT overseasoned ( a la hawaiian style).  Malaysian Style Flat Noodles with chicken & shrimp:Good, but kinda small portions.  Coulda been the ginormous plate.  On the sweet side, but good wok flavor.Need to come back for another try.
4	Food was delicious just had to keep reordering more due to size of portions.
4	I went here with some coworkers a couple of days ago.We got the Thai Minced Chicken Salad (Larb Kai), panang chicken curry, chicken satay, and Mongolian beef.We ordered the salad and Mongolian beef at a level 5 spiciness.Everything we ordered was delicious. The flavors were very well balanced. My favorite was probably the panang.Our order came with salad that had a very tasty ginger dressing. I ordered Jasmine tea to start and it was very fragrant and flavorful.I had never been to Satay before, though it's close to my work. I really enjoyed everything I ate and will definitely be back.The only minor complaint I had was that I had to ask for extra lemon for my water a couple of times before I received it.
3	Pretty good food, but a bit overpriced. Roasted duck appetizer was disappointing; dry meat and zero crisp to the skin. Sweet and Sour Pork was very good, and the coconut rice was awesome. I want to eat that every day.  But $30, incl. tip, is a bit much IMHO.Will return for the coconut rice and pair it with the satay next time, and will add an update at that time.
5	The absolute best Thai food in town!  And you cannot beat the price!  It's conveniently located off Paradise rd... and unlike most 'off the strip' eateries, it's not a 'dump'!  It's a nice place with a full bar, boba, and even a couple of cool loungey couch area.  I came during the winter, but the patio looks perfect for summer!Must haves:*Ask for Emmett and have him make you a Raspberry Cosmopolitan*The Pad-Thai noodle is actually among the best Pad-Thai I've had. Perfect balance of sweet and spicy. Texture and moisture is perfect.*Best Mango sweet sticky rice dessert too*Tom Yum soup uses real mushrooms, nothing canned (Thank goodness)If you want a treat isit this place.Great food and beats paying three times the amount to eat something on the strip!
5	Just amazing.I have an Entertainment.com discount for 20% off here and that's ultimately when decided the location for dinner on our last night in town. As we walked in we were warmly greeted by one of the girls, and seated immediately. We just happened to get there in time for the last bit of Happy Hour prices for a couple appetizers.Roti Canai $3 - closer to Malaysian/Indian dip than sweet Thai dipLumpia $3 - yumsChicken/Steak Satay $6.50 - Chicken was better :)Thai Iced Teas - can't go wrongOn the recommendation of our server, we ordered the Thai Duck Curry (red curry with pineapple, bamboo, roast duck, and bell peppers) about 8/10 level spicy served with coconut rice. Let me tell you, I'm not normally a fan of sweet and savory flavors, but this dish had each ingredient harmonize in a mouthful of hot deliciousness. Next time, I'll go for a touch easier on the spice, though it was a nice kick, I want to accent the delicate blending of flavors from the coconut rice, and duck red curry, instead of slightly overpowering it with heat.We also noticed the have a full bar, a Saturday night DJ line up, and... HOOKAH, of which you can order at any time! We decided however to not do hookah on a full stomach. Not so pleasant, as I've learned first hand.And to top it off, we had started walking down the street to our hotel, and one of the girls ran after us across the street to hand me my scarf that I'd forgotten. She wasn't even our server! Now that deserves my 5th star. :D
2	I can't say I enjoyed the food here all that much.  The roti appetizer, although good, was so greasy.  Maybe that's why it was good.  The only thing that was ok/good.  The tom yum soup was lacking in flavor.  I added lime to it and still didn't amount to much.  The pad thai was nothing to write about...so that is all she wrote.  Ok, there's more.  The wait to get my check took awhile.  I gave them my credit card.  They said sorry but our machine is down, can you pay cash? I said no, I didn't have cash on me.  They said ok we will imprint it the old-school way.  Fine, do what you need.  The imprinted receipt came back to me.  They pointed to where I can put in the tip.  Hmmm...Of course I tipped!  But to point that out...really??
5	Why had we not discovered Satay until now!?! That's what we left there saying this past Friday night, after we went in for the second weekend in a row! After searching Yelp for some happy hour hot spots a few weeks ago, I found Satay. Misti said 'Asian small plates rock' and I was sold. However I wasn't exactly thrilled about Singha beer, but I was willing to give it a shot anyway. When we first sat down and I saw the sad selection of happy hour apps, and the fact that they only had Singha on special, was almost a deal breaker. But we already drove all the way down there, so we both went for one of the tropical drink specials, which turned out to be a blessing in disguise. My Sawa-tea was tasty and what a deal at $5! We finally broke out of our rut here too and ordered something besides the usual papaya salad and massaman curry (the first time that is). The satay was super fresh, the veggies were done perfectly both times. The green bean curry type dish we had the first time was also incredible! I want to know, "where do they get there beans?" they are absolutely the best ever! This past weekend we had to go again and try out the papaya salad, substituting grilled shrimp for the typical dried shrimps, sounded perfect and it was. Without a doubt this is the best papaya salad I have ever had and I can't wait to go back for another! So overall the food is OUTSTANDING, the service is OK and the only major problem I can find is the Singha beer, where's the Chang? Or at least Tiger? Anything but Singha!
5	Had dinner here on a Sunday night. The servers were very friendly and prompt.Ordered Chicken and Steak Satay, Bacon-wrapped Scallop Satay and Crispy Noodles with Shrimp. The Chicken and Steak Satay and the Crispy Noodles with Shrimp were tasty, but the Bacon-Wrapped Scallops were STUPENDOUS. Ridiculously delicious.For dessert we ordered the Roti Nutella. It's their flatbread, topped with Nutella, fresh strawberries, banana and a scoop of vanilla ice cream. They were out of strawberries and vanilla ice cream, so they substituted slices of mango and a scoop of mango sorbet. There aren't words to describe how stupid delicious it was. STUPID delicious.Will definitely go back and try their other dishes.
2	Place is ok. This place has a combination of Thai, Malaysian, Filipino, and Chinese on the menu. The food is not that great if your Chinese/Filipino. I've had better authentic dishes elsewhere. The place was not kid friendly at all. We went here with our 20 month old and it felt like the servers wasn't aware we only had 30 or so minutes to eat and go. They were really laid back and took their time to attend and check there guess. Also, the eating area was very quiet, if your kid screams or fusses, everyone will literally turn their heads and the music will stop. Overall, I don't recommend this place for anyone taking their kids here. Place has a more dating atmosphere and are generally for people that aren't aware of good Asian food. I think would of rated this place a 3 star if the servers were a little more attentive.
5	This place just rocks, awesome authentic Malaysian/Thai food and great service, super friendly staff, always smiling, LOVE IT! Not on the strip either, so its not as crazy :-) I even have a loyalty card with them!
5	I've eaten here several times, but my spouse has lunch here at least once a week. When we eat at Satay, my spouse knows what I like so I never have to place the order myself. Weirdly enough, I like that. Even though they are in English, Asian restaurant menus seem a bit foreign to me. I like trying new things so every time I come, I have a new experience on my plate. My favorite things about this restaurant is that I've never had a bad meal and you can identify the owner. She knows her regulars, interacts with the customers and aims to please... and that makes a big difference.
5	Super yummy!
5	Excelent quality of food; that yellow curry was heavenly, the best and most elaborate I've had. The waiter was the friendliest, most polite, the most helpful, and even the funniest we have met in Vegas.We went on a Saturday night and it was easy finding a parking spot. They do have a sign with "additional parking in the rear" but this was not necessary.
4	Satay Asian Bistro & Bar was excellent - we had several great appetizers and my husband had a delicious curry.  They did have one issue - when my husband asked for a glass of Zinfandel they brought White Zin :) Well, we live in wine country in Sonoma County, so I guess we should cut them some slack for not knowing the difference!!
5	Visited Las Vegas with my family over the weekend.  We went to Satay Asian Bistro & Bar for a late lunch.  It was a bright spot of our trip.  We ordered three appetizers as well as these main dishes, Phad Thai, Phad Ki Mao, Yellow Curry, and Phad Prik King.  All dishes were wonderful.  We ordered mostly Thai food but they have a large number of other Asian choices too.The staff was very friendly.  We ate outside and the atmosphere was great.  We laughed and had a great time.  My Coke glass was refilled many times and quickly.  They served jasmine rice as well as coconut rice.  I suggest you go with friends and family.  I wish we had a restaurant like this where I live.  We certainly will be back next time we drive to Las Vegas.
4	When you're in Vegas it's not easy to find food.  I don't mean good food, I mean edible stuff.  You can find american "food" potatoes and crap on a bun, you can find steak aplenty, but all of it will make you feel sluggish and fat shortly thereafter.  There are lots of donut places!Of course when you're in Vegas you'll have a car.  Actually I did it once without a car, but it wasn't easy.  So with your car you will be equiped with GPS, and your phone of course will be tuned to Yelp.FM.  So in my quest to go to someplace good, I found this great spot.  Huge outdoor seating and of course LV so perfect warm weather.  Sipping a beer while I'm thinking of what to order.  There is something nice about sipping beer in the afternoon.  I know I'm on vacation then!The waiter brought me a copy of the local music guide, kinda like a village voice supplement or something.  I sat flipping through that while I waited for my drunk man pad-see-ew.  Yum!Good veggies, nicely sauteed, I can't believe I'm in vegas, time to order another Singha!A great afternoon experience, I'd search this place out next time I'm in vegas for a conference.
3	In my experience the service is absolutely great.  The servers seem to care whether you're satisfied, and I was.BUT the food is not the best I've had. Maybe, I just picked the wrong dish: pad Thai, not a particularly compicated dish, but here--oh, well--when things go wrong, they go really wrong.The rice noodles were chewy and smothered in an overly sweet sauce.  I stuck with the vegetarian version with tofu, etc.  All in all, it was passable, but certainly not on a par with better Thai restaurants in which I had eaten.I'll certainly try it again and revise my review if the food is better than I recall, just for the sake of the excellent service and pleasant atmosphere.
4	I like the set up of this restaurant. modern asian.servers were friendly and nice.food comes out quickly and is very tasty.they are really good at making their sauces.tried satay combo--really like the peanut sauceduck appetizer--crispy skin nice dipping sauceox tail soup---the soup is not very salty and ox tail cooked just rightspring roll and noodle dishes were also very good.will go back again to this place when I am not in the mood for buffet!
3	On a Thursday night my friend and I wanted to hit up Firefly on Paradise. Unfortunately, there was an hour long wait. We were starving so instead of driving somewhere else we decided to check out Satay, which is in the same plaza. It was kind of funny seeing how different Satay was compared to Firefly. Firefly was packed with people with plenty of others hoping and waiting to get seated. But over at Satay, we strolled right in and got seated immediately on the patio.The siu mai ($4.95) was decent but forgettable. The roast duck appetizer ($8.95) was the best thing we ate. The skin was crispy and the meat was plentiful and savory. For my entree, I went with the honey BBQ pork ($12.95) which was a large mound of meat piled on top of some veggies. Most of the meat was tender, succulent and sweet, but if you get this plan on eating family style and sharing. It's pork overload, for sure.Service was decent. Food was pretty good. I still would have preferred eating at Firefly if we could have gotten in, but Satay was a nice alternative.
5	I am so happy to have found a really great thai place near the strip! Don't get me wrong, Lotus of Siam is good but I actually prefer the Drunken Noodles at Satay. It's in the same plaza on Paradise as Firefly, so the location is much better than Lotus. The decor is nice and their happy hour is solid (half off most appetizers and wine). Staff has always been friendly and attentive and some friends and I have watched a few of the NBA play off games there. There is a chill lounge area with low leather couches/tables where they have a projection screen for big games. You can order food/drinks and relax in that area instead of sitting at a dining table.Staple order:-shrimp dumplings-thai beef salad (spice level 6)-drunken noodles with chicken (my fav! spice level 7)AND they deliver within 3 miles. Legit.
4	I've been a fan of Satay ever since they were on the corner of Spring Mtn and Valley View. There is one simple reason for this - they are the only place I know of in Vegas that serves Laksa.OK so I've since heard that both Penang Malaysian Cuisine and Noodles also serve this delicious spicy soup. But I have yet to try their renditions. I really should be giving Satay five stars, but I must concede that their Laksa isn't quite as good now as I remember it previously. I think one of the reasons is that they now mix thicker noodles with the more standard vermicelli noodles. Also, for some reason, the broth now appears darker and not as creamy.Still, for a good bowl of Laksa, I know where I can go; I just have to ask them to exclude the thick noodles.
3	We were staying at the Fairfield Inn next door for a one night layover at the airport. We decided that some Asian food sounded good so we stopped by.We had two episodes of "Mad Men" on Netflix to watch - so we wanted to get in and out of there. We figured out that we wanted to share roti canai, spring rolls, pad see ew, and some rice. We placed the order immediately for the whole thing, and we told the waitress that she could just bring it all out at the same time.About 45 minutes, we got it all at the same time. She was very apologetic, and she complimented my girlfriend for having a "pretty face" at least 3 times, so that makes the wait more palatable I suppose!As for the food itself, it was not bad. The roti canai was delicious, actually. I definitely recommend this as a great starter to share. The pad see ew was not as good as some other places I have been, but the spring rolls were piping hot and delicious.All in all, this place is fine. It's clean, and the food is average or better. The service is lacking, though (it was not crowded when we were there). If you're staying at one of the smaller hotels in the area and want some low key Asian food that is fairly priced, this is a good option. If you're not in the area or want something better, then skip.
4	We stopped here on the word of a good friend since we wanted to eat of the strip. We had been on the road all day and were happy to arrive to sit down and eat.  When we got there they had outdoor seating available. The weather was perfecto sit outside and you could tell that this was a locals venue. We ordered the pork sate, a noodle dish and the malaysian fried rice. The food was perfect and we even had enough to take home. This a great spot for a group or a date to enjoy the night.
5	This is one of the best thai places in town.  I've tried most of them and this place is in the top 2.  The food is excellent and the service is good.  If your in town try this place. It's close to the strip.
4	Great place - lovely people. Yummy pad thai. Gotta love the outdoor patio!I'll be back for sure!
5	Amazing food & service. My boyfriend and I couldn't decide if we wanted Thai, Chinese, or Malaysian food, and ended up finding this gem that serves a little bit of all three! The place has a cool, laid-back vibe to it, and the service/people were really welcoming and friendly... we even learned a little bit of Thai while waiting for our food. The place seems to draw a steady group of regulars, but we (the tourists) didn't feel out-of-place.Plenty of outdoor/indoor seating with a cool little lounge area on the back wall, as well as a large bar. This would be a great spot for a large group of friends or a little party - and the menu definitely has something for everyone. The happy hour specials were a great deal - with higher-end cocktails topping out the price list at $5 . On a hot afternoon, the "sawa-tea" is really smooth and refreshing (but still packs a punch). I also saw they had a ton of non-alcoholic drinks, too... just didn't really sample those. We ordered the roti canai, the crab rangoon, the beef rendang, and the mee goreng. Our waiter, Noel, recommended 3/4 of the above and we couldn't have been more satisfied with our order. The beef was savory and delicious, with a nice balance of spices, and the mee goreng was just a little bit spicy and sweet without being too sugary/saccarine  - I recommend getting the chicken/shrimp add-on, if that's your thing - but even if it isn't, the dish comes with perfectly pan-fried tofu glazed in the dish's signature sauce. All the accompanying sauces were really really good (especially the sauce that comes with the roti canai... I could literally drink this stuff, but I recommend pouring it on the rice!).Even though we were both starving, we had plenty of food to take home with us at the end of the meal.We'll definitely be back next time we're in Vegas for happy hour/lunch/dinner.
4	I came here w/ the boyfriend for the first time on a weekday night while waiting for midnight bowling to start at Southpoint. As we were taken to our seats I noticed they had  hookahs AND beer towers setup off to the side, how exciting! We were the only customers, but it made for a nice romantic setting in the dimly lit restaurant. After perusing through the diverse menu, we decided upon the following:Grilled Calamari: Marinated and served w/ sweet and spicy garlic lime sauce - We both weren't very fond of this, but only because we're so used to having fried calamari, so we were a little taken back by  the texture and flavor Chicken Tom Yum soup: Hot and sour soup w/ lime juice, lemongrass, mushrooms, and chicken - Honestly, I think this was the first time either of us have ordered Tom Yum soup and we were instantly in love. We've ordered Tom Yum about 4 times at other places after having it here and nothing has really compared. They use fresh mushrooms and there is a perfect 50/50 taste of hot and sour. All of the ingredients just go together so perfectly with not a single ingredient standing out more than another, which is the main problem I find at other restaurants. Pad Kee Mao (Drunken Noodle): Flat rice noodle, stir-fried Thai style w/ egg, bell pepper, onion, tomato, and basil - Perfectly portioned and served on an oversized plate. We finished the entire dish. The eggs, bell pepper, and basil definitely gave it a nice "kick." The noodles were well cooked, not too hard and not soggy at all, just right. Thai Garlic Beef: Sliced beef stir-fried Thai style in garlic sauce topped with crispy garlic served with crispy cucumbers and a sweet/sour sauce - Whenever we see the world "Garlic" on the menu, about 90% of the time we end up ordering the item. This dish was soo flavorful and aromatic. There was a lot of garlic, but it was crispy and enjoyable, not raw and painful like I've experienced with other garlic dishes. It went perfectly with the drunken noodles. All in all, I'd love to come back here again. Perfect place for dates and I'm sure it's also perfect for groups during happy hour.
3	I think the place is so so. But! I must admit they have a lot of activities going on here like hookah and karaoke. Food is good. I would suggest the "call a cab cocktail" and the Mai tao for cocktail happy hour drinks. There's a lot of pretty thai women here if you're into that. I only know this because my step dad spent half the time making life metaphors that I think pertained to the pretty women running around. But! Besides the good looking women the food was good too! I had one of those Satay skewer sticks with peanut sauce with their $2 side coconut rice. Yum. Pad thai was full of flavor! Not one that tastes more noodlish than flavorish. It had the good peanut taste with less of the noodle flavor. Also had the ragoons. And the thai flatbread with curry sauce for appetizer. If you're into appetizers that is plain bread with dipping sauce and you like the curry taste then I'd suggest to try it. It's pretty good I mean for $3 in happy hour not bad. But if you don't like plain tastes then I suggest you pass on it.
5	I really enjoyed this restaurant. We sat outside on the patio and drink and ate to our hearts content. The appetizers were amazing. The duck took the cake but the chicken, shrimp and pork were right there with it.  I must commend the staff, the service was fantastic.
4	Went here when I was in town. Local to strip and I will be going back for sure. Has a hookah bar/lounge and a nice atmosphere. Good for dates or family IMO.Food was real good. The fried rice was nice and fluffy, with a light texture. I like my rice like that, not heavy when it sits in the gut.Pad Thai and Prik Khing was great too.
5	We went here on our latest trip to Las Vegas and the food was amazing.  Highly recommend the Curry Laksa, it is a cocunut based soup with noodles and just really good.  My wife wants to go back to vegas jsut for that.  Also the ambience is nice and quiet and the roti cani is really great as well if you are into an indian style dish.
5	I really , really like this place ALOT!!!!!1.  Parking - As close as it gets!2.  Ambiance - Inside the restaurant it is just right. Decor is simple , comfortable and just pleasant.3.  Staff - Amazingly great personalities, detail oriented and they take care of business in a very friendly and personable manner.4.  Frequent dining card - Hey, great marketing. I will be back to earn a free meal!5.  Food - OUT OF THIS WORLD. What a mixture of Thai, Malaysian, Singaporean.  I love all the choices. they even have my favorite Hainan Chicken. I normally only eat this in Malaysia or Singapore so I am in Hainan Heaven!!!!!6.  Food Again - The Nasi dishes, the Thai dishes are great.  Oxtail Soup - how cool is that?7.  Price - Who the heck cares?  I will pay whatever for this place.  Otherwise, it is relatively inexpensive.I think I will be coming here monthly!!!! I love it here.  Thanks Ro for showing me this place...Greg
3	Finally had the chance to try this place. Good Thai and Malaysian cuisine. Definitely try their papaya and shrimp salad (very spicy), pad thai, pad see ew, panang chicken curry, garlic eggplant and lychee sake. Overall, the price for dinner was $25 per person. The servers were very friendly and always on top of things. We didn't wait that long for the dishes to come out. We also wanted to sit outside but it was way too hot. We didn't know that they would turn on the mist outside until people started showing up. Also, this venue is great for big parties. We came around 8:30pm and that's when people started showing up. Also, Hookah is available for $15.
4	Excellent! Huge Thai fan -- just moved to Las Vegas from Washington, DC and was searching for a decent thai restaurant. I ordered delivery on a Friday in the 11p hour (they close at 12a on weekends). Very friendly transaction. I ordered my favorites; Chicken Satay, Crispy Veggie Rolls, and Red Curry Chicken. Food arrived hot, within the 20-30 minutes as promised. Food was delicious and safe to say the best meal I've had delivered in the three weeks I've been out here. This will definitely be my go-to Thai restaurant. Next time I'll be ordering another favorite -- Spicy Basil Leaf Chicken (aka Chicken Kra Prow) and I'm confident it will not disappoint. I even failed to mention I like my food extra spicy and there ended up being extra chili paste/sauce included in the delivery bag. Well worth the price!
4	This is nice spot for those who likes almost authentic Thai-Malaysian food. We ordered 2 dishes - nasi lemak and hainan chicken rice. Nasi lemak came with chicken curry, taste authentic while being not spicy even for Americans here. Hainan chicken rice is an ok, preferred Penang Malaysian Restaurant better though.The decor is nice with a decent bar for those who likes to sit on the bench.
4	THANK YOU again, Yelpers -- was looking for a good Thai for takeout not too far off, and Satay Thai popped up. Was actually glad it was a takeout pick-up 'cuz it was almost all guys in there (after 9 pm) and mostly at the bar. The Tom Ka Gai was a teensy bit oversalted, but otherwise just galangal-icious! Pad Thai with chicken & shrimp also  very good. They do prepare to American tastes, which is to say if you want any spiciness in one of these often-sweet dishes, TELL THEM when you order. Jasmine rice: nice aroma, will go well in my soup tomorrow. The other thing I loved? Change back from my 20. 'Course the bartender was so personable it didn't matter: 'scuse me, while I tip this guy!
4	the food is good. so far i have tasted mee goreng, nasi lemak-beef rendang, nasi goreng and pad thai. all of the were delicious. If u like sweets, then you will love their milk tea
4	Great find! We were hoping to hit up Firefly in the same center, but @ 9pm on a Saturday evening without reservations, it was 1 1/2 hour wait for a table of 4 and we had later plans to get to. Now what? Check Yelp! We did, and this place looked like a good shot. Our server told us it was 50% Thai, 30% Malaysian and 20% Chinese (yes, I can do the math :-) We had a selection of lamb curry, bbq pork, spicy beef satay and the basil chicken, along with every type of rice (jasmine, brown, coconut - coconut being my fave). All dishes were exactly the spice level we ordered - go for a 9! The flavours were vibrant and plentiful - great to sweat that 110 degree weather out :-) Service was very kind and the best thing about this cuisine is the wait time for dinner = nearly 0. Perfect! Ok, so the ambiance isn't your typical "Vegas"; rather subdued (they really do need to throw in a bit of music in the background or something). But it was nice to be in there, they have air conditioning, Singha, good food and great prices. We left full and happy :-)
5	We were in Vegas for a bachelorette party and getting our nails done a few places away.  When lunch came up and we saw the Thai place, we decided to give it a try.Right away, the ambiance, music, and were phenomenal.  We were greeted as soon as we got into the door and seated immediately.  Our server was so nice and had a great energy about her.  She gave us time to look over the menus and I can honestly say that we had a hard time making a selection since it was so varied.  Definite plus.We ordered the following- Garlic Asparagus, Pad See Ew, and the Steak Salad.  Everything was delicious and on point.  My only regret is not living closer because this would definitely be my go to Thai place.We also had a few drinks which were super yummy and on happy hour too, to top it off.  $5 a drink and some bomb food.  I have nothing negative to say at all.  :)
5	This place is the best. My family and I love to eat here. The owner is always on site and making sure all is well. The staff is the best you could ask for. Try their Chicken Satay but ask for chicken breast even better than the ones in Malaysia or Singapore. The inside decor is very nice. All I could say is give it a try.
5	This food has always been great. Try the Singapore sling with dinner. Panang was delightful and Tom-kah also above average. I'll be back..
2	My friends and I were visiting from LA. Initially we were going to the tapas restaurant across the parking lot, but that place was packed so we decided to go for Thai (which was fine because we're all Thai food lovers). When we got here there was a party of about 20 that had just been seated. After waiting forty five minutes for a table (when the place was not even packed) we seated ourselves because the staff were too busy to seat us? We sat at a dirty table that had not been bused so I asked the buser to bus the table. He was very polite and customer oriented. Our waitress then came over and took our order. After that we did not see or hear from our server for litteraly ONE HOUR. After growing impatient, I finally got the attention of our busser, and explained to him that I knew that he was not our server and I have worked in a restaurant before, so I was wondering why we haven't been served in over an hour, and he politely got the manager. The manager came over and said that "it was busy" when there were only 3 other tables there, and one had a party of 20, but still... customer service was really lacking.. If they were that busy back there, they should have made up with good customer service, which they definitly lacked! There were 5 of us at our dinner, and we each ordered our own dish, yet each dish came out litterally 30 minutes apart from each other.... It was really odd.. Anyway at the end of all this, the manager obviously knew that he was at fault so he offered us a free dessert (for all five of us to share). He did not offer to give a discount on the food. We were litteraly in the restaurant for 3 and a half hours. Waiting. It was ridiculous. The food was great, but it was definitly not worth the wait or the horrible customer service. My thoughts: should've just waited at the tapas restauraunt
5	One crazy night, I was awake in my bed and think to myself, why is my fiancee not home yet? Where is she? She still at work? Dang it, I fell asleep in the afternoon? This is not a night sleep? Its a nap??? I woke up feeling ever so hungry and craving for some laksa.I hit Yelp almost instantly after waiting for a bloody 5 minutes for my computer to reboot, I dont have apple hallo??? So, I woke up, hair still messy, tummy still hungry and hit yelp while calling my fiancee.Hallo fi fi!!! Where are you??? Oh still at work, good, Am coming over there and we are going to satay thai bistro and bar ok, am craving for laksa!! wHAT? U dont know Laksa? Dont worry!!! U gonna love it.If those yelpers is right then I should get at least half decent laksa thats not as original as singapore or malaysian one. It should still satisfy my craving.We arrived at 10.50. The place is going to close at 11.00!!! oh my what can I do?? So I said I am going to get it to go lah. Cos I crave for it remember? But the waitress are so nice, she said that she will stay open for another 30 minutes if I want to eat there. My fiancee want to eat there.I hate being a last customer in the restaurant, seriously, I know how sucks it is. I used to be in the service industry, I know.But we decided to stay because they let us and because my fiancee call the shot on this kind of stuff. LOL. Anyway, we ordered laksa and char gway teow. OMG. Those item are to die for. I absolutely clean the plates although I dont clear the soup cos its too much curry and fat. But the dish are delicious and we get in and out in 20 minutes. Thank you satay thai bistro for staying open for us and for providing good service. WE are forever your loyal patron. I will absolutely bring more friends and relatives whenever possible!!! Sincerely,Self proclaimed Top yelper elite 2012 :)
4	Stopped here for a solo business traveler dinner.  Decor was nice, and because I was there on a weeknight before 7 PM, I arrived in time to take advantage of happy hour specials ($3 Thai beer, appetizers from $3 to $5).I had the Thai nachos which were fantastic, but more Mexican than thai - basically a shrimp ceviche with mango and peppers on rice crackers.  I also had very good drunken noodles.  The service was prompt and extremely friendly.  Parking is plentiful.  Highly recommended.
5	Just a quick update from my earlier review....1.  Went here on a Friday before we were headed to the strip for a show.2.  It was about 5:45 pm and the place was not busy, but no, no tables for four of us as they were going to have two large reservations coming.  We were offered to sit in their outside area.3. You can imagine, it is about 80 degrees in shade at this time of the year and I was a bit "irritated".  4.  However, they were very pleasant, served us very eagerly and treated us very nice.5.  They advised us of the happy hour and all the snacks they had that were awesome and inexpensive like:WIngsThai Nachos (very nice)Beef JerkyPot StickersThere wer about 8 others like edamame, fried tofu, other meat dishes that we did not order .This really made me feel that place is great because even in the adverse situation of being told we could not have a table inside when it was freakin empty, and still having a great time and great service means that this place is the REAL DEAL.GK says, check it out!
3	Went for happy hour on Friday night.  Drinks including specialty cocktails were $5 so a pretty good deal.  Appetizers were in the $5 range.  I had a Mai Tai and some lumpia.  The mai tai was quite strong - no watered down drinks here!  The lumpia were fresh but nothing really special.  Happy hour appetizers were fairly heavy on the seafood - I would have liked to see a satay special for happy hour.  Fast service.
5	I've been a repeat customer since my first visit here--late night post-drinking eats--and have yet to be disappointed after each visit (lunch, dinner, more post-drinking meals).  I was definitely surprised when my boyfriend took me here (instead of Firefly), and I realized what I'd been missing out on for quite some time.  With the exception of anything extremely spicy (definitely can't handle that with my sensitive stomach), I've enjoyed quite a bit of the menu.  I've had the following: Mango Tofu -  Iused to order this a lot until I realized what I was missing when it came to eating BEEF.  Still a pretty tasty alternative, and large enough portions that if you eat this alone, you could probably still manage to take some home Lemongrass Chicken - Pretty tasty and one of my favorites.  The first time I had this dish, I almost finished it all by myself.  Lol.Teriyaki Chicken - deliciousThai BBQ Pork Spareribs - I snatched one of these from a friend's plate and he almost bit my fingers off.  Haha.  He, on the other hand, demolished the rest of the ribs and seriously kept gnawing at the rest of the meat on the bone, cherishing every bite.Beef Rendang - Tender, full of flavor, and another favorite dish that I've had from time to time.  I can't say that I've been disappointed whenever I've eaten this dish.  Even though it's marked as spicy on the menu, we were able to have the spice level taken down, thankfully.  Yakitori Chicken Satay - I generally tend to get an order of these each time that I eat here.  The chicken is tender, but I really like the dipping sauce a lot more, in addition to the accompaniments--cucumber and onion.Black Pepper Beef - I also like this dish.  Yes, I seem to like a lot of meat dishes, but with pepper and beef, I figured you couldn't really go wrong.  Brown Rice - standard brown riceCoconut Rice - Pretty yummy, although I don't really eat rice.  It's different, though--sweet, but still rice.Thai Sticky Rice - This is another dish that I have tried, but is an acquired taste, as I am not really partial to rice.Vegetable Spring Roll - Another basic staple that I order when I eat here.  Even though it's your standard fresh roll, the sauce is delicious, and the freshness is hard to beat.Har Gow - what you would typically find when going out for dim sumPad See Ew - LOVE this dish.  Noodles, eggs, broccoli, soy sauce = yummy.  I tend to just grab a tiny bit of this, but usually end up eating half, if not 3/4 of the entire dish. Lol.House Fried Rice - This is one of the few rice dishes that I will willingly eat, especially with some extra Garlic.  YUM.Thai Garlic Chicken - Chicken breast with garlic upon garlic?  Obviously I am a fan. Hainan Chicken - I like this as a healthy alternative, mainly because this is steamed.  I also think that the sesame soy sauce helps bring out the tenderness of the chicken, as well as the full flavor.  Be prepared, though, that this is a HUGE dish.Thai Garlic Beef - Beef, garlic sauce, and garlic?  Again, a fan of this dish. Mango Sticky Rice - my boyfriend's definitely a fan of this dessert, as he loves rice, sweets, and mango.Delicious, delicious, delicious.  I can't help but talk about how much of this menu I love.In addition, the service is great (I've eaten with larger parties of 10 to smaller parties of 2) and they're quite attentive, friendly, and helpful when it comes to suggestions and refills.My only problem is that the lot gets packed at night, so plan accordingly (the plaza shares a parking lot with Firefly, Ruth's Chris, and other restaurants/businesses.I will say, though, that I've enjoyed coming here--whether to grab a bite after going out, enjoying a quick lunch, sitting on the patio and listening to the DJ spin or even just sitting indoors and enjoying the company of friends/family/my significant other--despite the reason.Can't wait to come back...
2	I just found this place over price! Food was a bit of below average especially "Malaysia chicken curry". I don't think I will ever be back again.
4	Thai tea boba was okay--the boba was kind of old, not enough chew to it. Happy hour Thai tacos were great! Bell peppers, mangos, and shrimp on top of shrimp crackers for a very fresh crunch.I wanted something meaty in a curry, so ordered the Beef Rendang with coconut rice. Generous portion, 8oz at least, of fork-shreddable beef cooked in a very spice-rich curry. After my meal, I told the waiter it was great, with my only suggestion being a bit more veggies. There were 3 cucumbers that provided some palate-cleansing between bites of meatiness, but it didn't last long. He said they're mostly for garnishment and this is how Beef Rendang is traditionally. Paleo-friendly.
5	Food and service was awesome!!
4	Nice friendly servers, great prices and very tasty Thai food with huge menu!Wayne Gorsek
4	I'm a fan for sure. been here a few times, always soccer on the tv's! huge plus!!  im not even a big fan of asian or thai food...yet (im just starting to try new things) but everything ive tried from SATAY so far has been really good. i guess as long i dont dont eat the rice or seafood theres nothing i wont like.
5	My new favorite Thai joint in Vegas.  Can't beat the fact that they are open until 11 PM when most close at 9 or earlier.  We started with the mixed satay (chicken and beef).  Both were delicious, and the peanut sauce they include is terrific.  Lumpia egg rolls were quite tasty.  Wasn't too crazy about the Har Gow (steamed shrimp dumplings), but I think that was just a matter of personal preference, not poor preparation. For main course, we split the Panang Curry with Pork.  It was PERFECT.  Sauce was perfect consistency and well spiced.  Quite excellent.  Can't wait to go back.
4	Originally we had planned to eat at Firefly, but the long wait caused us to look elsewhere in the vicinity for a quicker option.  Luckily for us, Satay has a "Small Plates" menu that allowed us to still have the tapas experience without waiting an hour!  So after a little misunderstanding about seating our large party (13), the service was fast and friendly, the ambiance was cozily upscale, and the food was great!Also, the menu is a pretty nice size, so unless you've got a VERY picky/allergy-prone person in your party, there will be something for everyone  :-)  Dishes I tried:Thai Tea:  Yummmm!!  *drools*  Crab Rangoons:  Delicious, had a very rich/heavy cream cheese concoction that had an extra spice/flavoring or two that isn't normal for a run of the mill crab rangoon!  Mango Ceviche Nachos:  Interesting flavor profile (a fruit based ceviche sounded so interesting), crunchy texture of the chip (more of a puffed rice/grain) helped to pull the dish together.  Light, crunchy and fresh!Tom Kha soup: Simple, fresh, light, delicious!  I added a couple spoonfuls of red curry to make it more of a Tom Kai Gai type soup!  Red Curry (NOT Panang): Delicious!  Heavy, rich sauce (which is usual), yummy bellpeppers,choice of jasmine, brown or coconut rice! Though I didn't try anything else due to being full enough to BUST, everyone else was very pleased with their choices!Also they have a great beer, alcohol and wine selection..and though we did not go during happy hour, the menu (for happy hour) looked GREAT!!
4	great selection of some of the best ASIAN foods around !  love the down to earth place,. no frills , clean and cozy place.  The food is delicious no matter what You select , from the satay to curry , YOU Can;t go wrong !
5	The food, service, cleanliness, and parking were all excellent.  Try the garlic eggplant, coconut rice and walnut shrimp! Our waitress was a lot of fun and very friendly!  Thank you for making our last meal in Vegas for this trip so excellent!  I will be back next time I'm in town.
4	I had lunch here the other day and they have some terrific lunch specials.  The green curry with eggplant and tofu was especially good.  It came with a tasty salad and was reasonably priced at $8.95.  Plus, they were very efficient and could have gotten me in and out in less than an hour, if I didn't spend 30 minutes after lunch chatting with my friend. It wasn't too crowded for lunch.  They do delivery and takeout, but require a $20 minimum for delivery.  I'll have to come back for happy hour.  But definitely check it out if you are looking for a quick place for lunch.
5	Excellent food!!! There were so many good things on the menu, I have to go back!! Don't leave without trying their green tea I've cream, its the best ever!!!!
4	Good flavorful (though slightly heavy/oily) thai/Malaysian food. Had dinner here with two friends, while waiting to catch our respective flights back. The location made it convenient (2-3 miles from the airport) and it showed up with a high rating on yelp (something our server took pride in :) ).Overall the food was quite good, if a touch oily/heavy. Our server was excellent, willing to take last minute adjustments to our food and he knew the menu, was able to make meaningful suggestions without overdoing it. Will totally visit again, next time I'm in Vegas :).+ Tom Yum Soup : average, nothing out of the ordinary, but not bad either. Had a spicy level of seven, that made us change our minds and alter the rest of your meal for 5s and 6s :). That kinda made me happy, I've seen enough "americanized" thai places were even a ten doesnt make you flinch.+ Fresh Coconut water : both my friends had some. Both liked it, freshly cut and sweet according to them.+ Green Curry : always the safe choice at most Thai places :), was good. The tofu chunks were nice, the gravy fairly tasty. All that I'd expect from a good Thai green curry, without really blowing me away. + Narsi Goreng : good. A little oily and the egg wasnt done well enough.+ Crispy noodles with Chicken breasts : friend ordered this and was most definitely the best thing we had at our table that day. Very tasty gravy/broth which melded quite well with the crispy noodles. (I hadnt seen this preparation/dish for a long time, and it reminded me of similarly awesome preparation I had back in my home town six or seven years ago. I was grateful for the little gastronomic  trip down memory lane!)- Slightly pricy I guess : $75 without alcohol for the three of us.- The woman refilling the water seemed ridiculously un-interested in getting us any water. It arrived 10-15 mins after we had been seated, despite repeated requests :|- Could have done with a little less oil :(
4	Happy Hour times have changed. It is Monday-Friday from 5pm-8pm. Came here around 4:30 with some friends and just ordered off the regular menu since we were early. It has been some time since I have had Laksa ($9.99) and was craving this hodge podge of meats and noodles in a coconut curry soup. I usually like shrimp in mine, but theirs comes with chicken, fried tofu, fish balls, vermicelli noodles, and egg noodles. It was tasty anyways. I liked how they give the chilies and hot sauces on the side so that the spiciness can be adjusted while dining. Their serving size is large. A bowl would put most normal people out of commission, but I downed my meal and ate off my friends plates as well. I am not proud of this fact, but my work schedule plus my obsessive need to go to the gym has magnified my hunger. For now, it has not worked against me. My friends got the Korean Short Ribs ($14.99) and the Sweet and Sour Chicken ($12.99). The beef was tough, but the marinade was good. The poultry dish was standard. The option of getting jasmine, brown, or coconut rice is available. We finished with an order of Roti ($5.50) with condense milk and powdered sugar. The fat kid in me always jumps at the chance to eat fried food tossed in sugar, but these were nothing special. We had also got the Call A Cab and Red Dragon ($10 each and $5 during HH) specialty drinks. Their drinks are good because they taste like juice. This can go one of two ways; either you can be vomiting in a bathroom stall, or it really is just juice. I am ok with the fact that I did not experience the first option.
4	Came in for dinner and noticed the large selection that all sounded tasty and worth trying. We started with the Malaysian Chicken Satay. I really enjoyed the peanut sauce that accompanied the chicken skewers. Also with it came cucumbers and onions in a sweet chili sauce, which was delightful. After grabbing a cold Singha, we got the Roti with a Thai curry dipping sauce. This dish reminded me of the street vendors in Chiang Mai. The roti bread seemed a little heavy, and the dipping sauce could have been thicker. However, it was still a good side as the curry flavor makes up for it. For our entree, we ordered Singapore noodles with chicken. These are thin vermacelli noodles. After we added some red Thai chillies the dish had the kick we desired. Over all a satisfying dinner, and the service was great! We would come back for happy hour.
3	Went there for lunch. Excellent service, food is ok, I ordered black pepper beef and it was too salty... And had to pay for tea...$3.50.... Overall, it's good for a quick lunch.
4	We found this place across the parking lot from Firefly which was our original destination. We were fortunate that Firefly was so busy because Satay is a gem.We arrived when Happy Hour was still going on so we ordered some appetizers from the menu at a discount. We got the Thai nachos and the Lumpai--both were excellent. The wife got lamb curry for the entree and loved it. The sauce was flavorful and spicy, the lamb super tender. I got the Malaysian satay with dark chicken meat. It was very juicy and not at all dry. I liked it a lot, one of the best satays I have had. I also had a small house salad and the carrot dressing was excellent. Don't be put off by the  location off the strip, this place is a better value and the food is way better than the corporate chains on the strip. I would return here in a heartbeat.
3	The Mango Tofu was amazing but the chicken coconut soup was sub-par at best. All in all it was a good time and i would definitely go back.
4	I did not intend to stop at Satay for my Friday night dinning but my other choice was super crowded.Satay was there so i figured we should try it out. Glad I did.-Started with the Malaysian Satay chicken and steak combo. I usually like chicken over steak but not tonight. The staek was tender and well seasoned. I really enjoyed the cucumber salad the comes with it.Refreshing-My wife and I split two dishes, the Pad Thai and the Thai Garlic Chicken. We ordered both at a 5 spice level and it was perfect. For me anyway since i am just experiancing hot foods for the first time. I have had Pad Thai at other places and it is usually a safe dish but you never know what it will be like. Satay's Pad Thai was perfect and i am already craving more.Very friendly and alert staff in a packed place on Friday night!
4	I came here on one serendipitous evening when a group of us just finished watching some boxing at The Joint in the Hard Rock Casino and our hunger would not allow us to wait 45 minutes outside of Firefly.  Therefore we decided to walk across the street to check out Satay Thai.   Upon perusing the menu, I was a bit skeptical since there was a hodgepodge of pan-asian selections ranging from the standards (thai curries, chinese stir-frys, and malaysian/indonesian classics such as beef rendang and mee goreng) to the bizarre such as thai nachos (shrimp chips topped with ceviche) and "chinese" chicken which reminded me of  the Barenaked Ladies' song "One Week" (chickity china the chinese chicken?!) However, what jumped out at me since I almost never see it offered anywhere was the Curry Laksa.  If you have ever been to Singapore or seen a show devoted to the food hawkers there, you will no doubt recognize this is the dish to try and there are heated rivalries as to who makes the best version.  Essentially this is a fusion noodle soup from Chinese/Malay cuisine consisting of either thick egg noodles or thin vermicelli rice noodles in a spicy curry coconut broth simmered with chicken, seafood such as minced fish meatballs, and fried tofu.  Here they give you the best of both noodles so I didn't mind the juxtaposition in texture and flavors although they didn't necessarily add the sambal belechan chili paste made from chilis and dried shrimps giving it that trademark grittiness derived from it's namesake (Laksa in chinese means "spicy sand").  Nonetheless on a cold wintery evening,  this rich, creamy, and spicy soup (they allow you to order the spice level from 1-10, I think 7 struck the perfect balance) gives you that cozy warm soup belly and the constant variation in flavors from all the individual components keeps every bite interesting down to the part where you are fishing for any final tasty remnants with your spoon.  The portion is substantial at a reasonable price ($9.95) and my parting advice is to be careful what you wear as you are slurping away.  At the end of my meal, I noticed a Jackson Pollock of curry on my dress shirt and I had to take it to the cleaners through two rounds to remove the stains, but it was worth the trouble since I would have otherwise missed out on this chance discovery.
4	15 men after a day of playing in a soccer tourney and they welcomed us with open arms and cold beer! Some of our group were against eating Thai but this quickly changed as the dishes began to appear! By the way incredibly fast delivery on the hot food! The host set up a long table for us and projected the football game on the wall. I highly recommend ordering the towers of beer. I think we finished 5 of them easily. Great price. I have traveled extensively through Asia and recognized the authentic food right away. Nasi goreng, Lumpia, and Roti. All favorites. A mix of Indo, Malay, Thai and mandarin.  This is a very welcoming, authentic place in the heart of Las Vegas. Great prices. We all felt like we got away way to cheap. Will definitely come back in the future.
5	Best thai food in a relaxed and friendly ambiance.. Also best place for vegetarians  ...! Roti canai is must to start with with..
5	So you want to eat Thai food with Class this is a great place to go. I love coming here and grabbing a Singha beer and just relaxing eating one of my favorites Thai food! My favorite dish here is the Spicy basil beef, they must've recently changed the recipe because I vaguely remember the beef being more like ground beef. It makes me sad that they changed it but its still my favorite dish there. Food:  4/5  The best, or the top two Thai Restaurant options in Las Vegas.Service:  5/5  Friendly, not too pushy, and attentive.Value:  5/5  Generous the portions are just right with even lefts overs for later.Location: 5/5  Close but not that too close to the Strip, great place to dine and grab a couple of drinks right before you head out for a night on the town. Parking:  3/5 They share a parking lot with a couple restaurants which makes it busy during peak hours. So sometimes you have to park quite far and walking in heels can suck but its understandable.
5	Love this place! Great food, great staff!!!
3	Splurged for another delivery order from Satay for dinner last night and while everything was tasty, especially the coconut rice, there was a mixup with our order.  I ordered their traditional won ton soup, but received their wor won ton soup (which includes lots of veggies, chicken, pork and shrimp in addition to the won ton). Broth was weak and flavorless, but the fresh veggies, shrimp, and won ton were very fresh tasting. Wish the carrots had been cooked just a bit more though. I am not a big fan of crunchy veggies in my soup. The won tons were wrapped separately, so I initially thought they forgot them entirely.  My mellow was harshed temporarily until my meal mate uncovered the m.i.a. wontons in a separate container, and my world was filled with sunshine once again.  Satay's wontons are wonderful!The other entree we selected was the combination chow mein with fried noodles. Now these fried noodles are not your standard Chinese fast-food hard and pasty flavorless sticks ... These fried noodles are light as a feather, flavorful all by themselves, and added a wonderful texture dimension to the generous amounts of chicken, pork, shrimp and veggies.  A little on the dry side, as a noodle entree goes, but a dollop of my soup broth incorporated the ingredients well and resulted in a happy diner.My favorite thing on their menu, thus far, is still their coconut rice. Delicately infused with coconut essence ... this rice makes an excellent side, and would go well with everything else on your plate. TRY THE COCONUT RICE!Still pricey at $40 for a large soup, combination chow mein, coconut rice, delivery fee and tip.  And not even a fortune cookie at the bottom of the bag. :(
5	Well I'm a huge fan of Thai and I learned most hole in the wall places do it right. This has been the first main stream Thai restaurant I have been to where the food is amazing and well made. Thank you I will be comming here often.
5	Spent the weekend at a conference not too far from here. After the last night, my boyfriend and I were looking for somewhere fun to go for dinner. We'd just had Thai food the night before at Lotus of Siam so we were heading (based on Yelp recommendations) to a tapas place. When we arrived at the shopping center, though, the place looked jam packed. We noticed Satay nearby and made a last-minute decision to have Thai again. I am so glad we did! This experience was far better than the highly rated Lotus. First of all, this place is beautiful. Romantic mood lighting and comfortable booths. We  cuddled up together and ordered a beer and a cucumber martini, which was on their specials board. The bartender came out from behind the bar to ask us how we liked the drink! It was really delicious, muddled with basil, and so aromatic. Our waitress was really lovely as well.We started with calamari satay which was yummy, not too chewy, and came with a delicious sauce. Then we had coconut rice (do not miss the opportunity to have this!) and lamb with red curry sauce and beef short ribs. We both loved our respective dishes so much that we were happy not to share, though we did sample the others' dish. My lamb was to die for. The sauce was perfect. Spicy, savory, buttery. And the lamb was falling apart in my mouth tender. The beef ribs were also crazy delicious with a sweet vinegary sauce.The prices are super reasonable and we had a wonderful time! Will definitely return.
5	You're seeing that correctly!!  5-stars!!!!!!Wow...  We went in late night looking for some late night eats.  We were looking for a somewhat quiet setting (often difficult to find just off the Las Vegas strip at 11pm on a Friday night!)Greeted immediately upon entry, and seated right away.  The music was perfectly volumed, and our server Louis was on the ball!!Louis kept our drinks full, and consistently replaced my icy beer mug with each bottle of beer.  We ordered these calamari Satay skewers for an app... so fresh I could taste the wood-char on the meat.  The skewers came with a flavorful (and rather spicy-hot) dipping sauce.. absolutely perfect!Soups... right up there with the best.  Hot and fresh.  The only thing I would have changed about the Tom Ka soup is the type of mushroom and adding a little more spice (red chili paste).  Since Tom Ka soup is varied so much by chef taste and region, my personal preferences did not hold back my star rating here.Our entrees (served at 11:30pm) were piping hot and deliciously fresh!  I can't say enough about our server Louis and the unusual superior service so late at night! BRAVO!!!!!!
4	We decided to try the place out during restaurant week. A five course meal seemed like a good value, I love Thai food and it was for a good cause. It was a good decision.The interior is somewhat appealing and the servers are polite. The first course was the satay, one piece beef and one chicken. It was juicy sweet and not overcooked -- some of the best I've had outside of Thailand. Next was the papaya salad with shrimp. Even at a setting of 7/ 10 it was incredibly spicy-- exactly what I wanted. I ended up eating both of them because my girlfriend found hers too spicy. It was crunchy and had enough vegetables in it to stay interesting. Then came the tom yum kai -- a spicy sour red soup with chicken-- well known to any Thai food fan. The chicken was plentiful but the soup was a bit saltier than it should have been and the broth seemed a tad too thin. Still good but not up to the standards of the rest of the food. Then came the curry and rice. The rice was infused with coconut and was heavenly even when eaten plain. The curry was a thick classic red with duck. It was my first time trying duck in Thai curry and it wasn't bad at all. The meat was extra juicy and the spices in the curry more than adequate. Around that time came the pad thai-- which was honestly the best I've had outside Thailand. It had plenty of crumbled nuts tofu and vegetables and diced eggs in it to make it quite a memorable dish. Sweet with just the right amount of spicy. Lastly of course was dessert-- fried banana garnished with vanilla ice cream. Quite a hit with my girlfriend. I left feeling pretty satisfied about the meal and its cost. It's hard to stand out in such a saturated market but this place is worth trying for Thai fans in Vegas.
4	I honestly LOVE the Thai Beef Jerky here.  They serve it with a magical lime/chili powder/garlic dip that blows my tastebuds to heaven.   I have been looking for a replacement down in San Diego since I moved and no dice.  Even the Palms in Hollywood doesn't stack up in the TBJ category.  Additionally, I would recommend the Tom Yum, Yellow Curry or Orange Chicken to anyone.  My mouth is watering now just thinking about SATAY.   Bartender makes a very enjoyable Raspberry Cosmo too...  Definitely worth a short detour off the strip if you're just visiting.
5	Amazing food and great staff. I didn't eat Thai food until I came to Satay when it first open (it's across from my work).  I fell in love with the flavors and decided I should try other Thai restaurants in Vegas. I have not found one that even comes close to matching the red curry, spicy basil, pad thai, or drunken noodles. I bet I have enjoyed lunch here over a hundred times since it opened and I have never had a bad meal.  I will bet everything that you will love this place. It's my favorite overall restaurant and I could eat here everyday.
5	I ate here once several years ago, and then again when i came back to Las Vegas for the NAB convention. I must say it has been consistent all these years. Its still very good and one of my favorite places to eat at.
4	I came back here on a whim, and found that first impressions aren't always correct.I retried the fried calamari, it was still tasty and had flavorful mayo to go with it. They didn't skimp on roast duck; not only was it meaty, it was also reasonably priced. The individual satay options are perfect if you're looking for a small snack and don't want to pay too much for it.The service here is friendly, but can get slow when it's busy. Another plus is that it's open till 11 on weekdays so you can find my sorry butt working here late.
3	This place is so conveniently located next to an array of other restaurants. I just so happened to be getting a drug test done this day (a couple stores down) and thought I'd stop by this restaurant because so many people have recommended it. I knew I had to be at work in 30 minutes and knew I would have to get take-out. I came in, they greeted me, and I ordered. The service was nice and quick. I got the watermelon boba and mango tofu. The watermelon boba drink was terrible! It was very artificial even though the menu claimed that they used real fruit. I was so mad! The mango tofu was a little unusual but not bad. I asked for a 10 on the spicy scale and I can tell that they tried to make it burn. There were tons of jalapenos and other chilies but it didn't do much for me. I will return to try more selections, but for now, I'm giving it 3 stars. Nothing was too spectacular during my visit, but my criticisms will be contain more validity once I actually go to dine in and am in no hurry.
4	I'm going to have to try more dishes here. We decided to give it a try since we had gone to Firefly the previous night and I've always seen this place and never actually thought to try it. We were a group of 6 and kind of did this family style. Let's try to make this quick:Roti Canai - small plate flatbread with curry dip.. very good.. needs more flatbread!Lumpia - deliciousCrispy Chow Mein w/ Chicken - by far my favorite dish of the night!Green Curry w/Chicken - Kacey ordered and loved it.... I didn't tryFragrant Coconut Rice - I didn't care for it but Kacey didOrange Chicken - I ordered but thought it was averageSweet and Sour Chicken - much better than Orange Chicken, good flavorThai Garlic Beef - tasty and you get to choose how spicy you would like itChicken Satay - chicken on a stick. pretty basic.Staff was friendly, plenty of seating on a Saturday at dinner time... look forward to another trip to try some more items. Kacey seemed to like much more than I did though.
4	This is my first time here and I am impressed.  They have quite a big selection of menu items.  I finally settled on ordering the Curry Laska.  It came in a big bowl with fish balls, chicken, tofu and lots of noodles.  The price was quite reasonable for $10 a bowl.  I don't care for too spicy dishes, so this mild version was perfect for me.  My wife had their beef redang which was also very delicious.  The portions are very reasonable.  This place seems to be a local favorite and I am a fan now too.  For anyone who has a taste for Thai, come here and give this place a try.
4	I had a really good experience here and I also had a bad one. The atmosphere is great here. It attracts lots of different types of people, young and older, dimly lit, and they even have a lounge area with a TV.They serve hookah during the evenings and it's pretty decent priced. I think around $15. However, during the weekends it gets extremely busy (I waited an hour for a group of 3 people). They did not have a waiting system established either. Now the food is really good and their menu is extensive. I believe they mix-in Chinese food options, but do not quote me on this. They also give you options of Tofu & Veggie, Chicken, Beef, Pork for each menu item (how amazing is that!). They also have white rice, coconut rice, and brown rice options. Here are my favorites menu items:Singapore fried noodles with Tofu: slightly crispy, thin version of Chow Mien. Delicious!Pad Prik Khing (any meat, I have yet to try the Tofu version): Crispy green beans in a oily-spicy sauce with your choice of meat!Thai Style Rice: Extremely sticky patty of rice, very good when served warm (it stays soft for a bit).Veggie Delight: Mixed vegetables and tofu in a light soy sauce gravy. Add a little Sriracha and there is no sacrifice for choosing the healthy option!
3	During this visit to Vegas, I hung out with a former local and he convinced me and my group of friends to hang out at some off-strip spots. This was one of them :o) it turned out to be pretty good. The whole table shared plates of skewers, edamame, red curry, rice, orange chicken, pad thai, lard nar, etc. Pretty good all around and at $15 evenly spit, it gave my wallet a tiny break ;o) I'd definitely come back if given the opportunity.
3	My cousin and I came here tired from EDC and in search of some decent Thai food a little past noon on a Sunday. When our waiter approached us, he looked us and then his eyes widened as he spoke like either the light by the window was super bright or he was on something. That was a bit awkward. I've never had that reaction before. At least he was normal later on...I got the Pad Kee Mao (drunken noodles) with veggies and tofu and my cousin got the beef rendang. I tried a bit of his and thought it was alright. The portions for my Pad Kee Mao were huge and they had a nice wok heat, but I've never had tomatoes in that dish before and while I like tomatoes, I'm not sure I liked it in that dish. The tofu was overfried as it was brown and there weren't too many pieces. I've had better.I love how they have a huge selection of Malaysian, Singapore, and Thai food and nice pictures on their menu. Their menu was actually really nicely formatted, but otherwise, I am hesitant to rate this 4 stars. It was clean and quiet with good presentation and alright taste, but I didn't think it was the best. I'd give it a 3.5 if I could.
4	It was Friday, bout' noon, I'm hungry, co-workers are hungry, all parties involved were indecisive on the days lunch festivities. It's Friday. FRIDAAAAAY!!!! Just a hop, skip, and a jump away from the Hughes Center is Satay Thai Bistro. We chose the convenient location, as we have on many other occasions, and weren't disappointed. No one was left wanting as their array of Thai & Chinese dishes catered to everyone's tastes. I was especially impressed with the service we received, it was almost overkill. My glass never got less than half full before receiving a refill. Better than being left dry! The staple item for me is the Thai garlic chicken with coconut infused rice. Moist chicken, enough garlic crispies to wake the entire cast of True Blood, and rice that was cooked perfectly. Lunch specials range from $8.95 - $10.95 and include a salad that is topped with a delicious carrot relish. Also, it looks like they recently got new dining furniture. Well done! Before it was a bit dark for my taste. The new furniture is lighter and more inviting.Lunch or dinner or after work cocktails, Satay is a reliable choice with good food and excellent service.
5	This is a frequent place we order from for work.  I must say that the food is consistently GREAT!  I could probably eat here a couple times a week but for lunch everyday its a little pricy with delivery charge.  On the healthy side I usually get the grilled chicken teriyaki lunch with salad.  The chicken pad thai is amazing.  My boss always orders the beef pad thai.  I think we have tried a little of everything and have always been pleased.  The service is always great and the deliveries are always fast.  Will continue ordering from Satay. Im a big fan.
4	Our go-to neighborhood Thai restaurant!We've frequented this place probably 5+ times now, and we've consistently had a great dining experience no matter what we have ordered.1) Pad Thai--This is the best pad thai I've ever had in recent memory. The sauce is perfect. The tofu is at a perfect consistency and the fried outside is super flavorful. I would prefer if they threw in more tofu though. We went there last night and I think they put in a total of 3 small tofu pieces. Really?2) Curry Laksa--So yummy! So decadent! This is a must-try! We always feel guilty eating it though, 'cause all that flavor and deliciousness can't possibly be good for us. Guilty pleasure :)3) Roti Canai--The curry that comes with it is phenomenal. I would prefer the roti bread less oily and thinner/crispier. Tastes great nonetheless!We have tried other dishes as well, but I can't remember what they were. I just remember we've never had a mediocre experience there. Consistency is very important to us. I'll be sure to update this review if we order anything else on our next visit.We usually split an order of 1 entree, a side dish, and a bowl of rice. They have good-sized portions so that's perfect for us. Our total bill comes out between $25-$30, including tip/tax. TIP: If you like spicy, ask for their tray of assorted spicy chilis! We load up our dishes with all of them! MMM!
5	My favorite restaurant in Vegas.  I'm here 1-2x per week.  It's at a price point that I can afford to eat at on a regular basis and if it weren't across town for me, I'd be here even more.Favorite Foods:Beef Satay - The chicken satay is good too, but I'm a beef lover.  It has a slightly sweet flavor goes well as an appetizer or paired with the combination fried rice.Bacon Wrapped Scallops - Bacon. Scallops.  BACON!!!!Beef Rendang - Its a curried type beef, but what makes it amazing is that it's short rib. Short rib, marinaded and slow cooked with tons of flavor.  Apparently you can order it spicy, but I hate all things spice (I'm convinced spicy things undermine my taste-bud's ability to appreciate beef).Combination Fried Rice - Chicken, bbq pork, shrimp, egg.  Perfect balance of saltiness with flavors.  Lemongrass Chicken - I believe it's roasted chicken. Lemongrass with a slight sweetnessGarlic Green Beans - Garlic, green beans, butter, garlic.On a gluttony day, I order all of the above and make 1.5 meals out of it.
5	OMG this place is so great!  I have come here a few times on my business trips and make it a point to come here.  Their pineapple shrimp with coconut rice was just a sin!  There dumplings were pretty good too!  Def a place to check out!
5	Walked into the restaurant on a whim and was pleasantly surprised. I ordered the Pad See Ew which was a tad bit salty, but overall super delicious. My boyfriend ordered the Har Gaw and Roast Duck in the appetizer section. Both were cooked well and again, tasty tasty tasty! Service was extremely nice and accommodating. Will definitely come here again!
5	Satay Thai Bistro & Bar was a total accidental find. Our reservations fell through at another close by restaurant and we found this place.  I always love some Thai, but STB&B was great.  This has become a regular stop for myself when in Vegas.  I have even taken quite a few clients here for dinner and drinks.Some of my favorites are the Crispy Tofu and also the Roti appetizer dish.  I also love me some tofu and mango.  Of course, I always have to mix these with some of their delicious coconut rice.  I've been a dozen or so times now and they are always very welcoming and friendly.
5	The atmosphere was really chic and cute. If you come here, order the Pad See Eew - the other restaurants don't compare! They're staff is really helpful too.
5	Roti canai and drunken noodles with tofu.  Nom nom. Great service and nicely decorated establishment. Definitely come here!!
2	I would've given this place an excellent review, but then one person had to ruin it. The waiter asked me what my tip was going to be..As a hospitality management major, I was absolutely appalled that he asked me this. You NEVER ask what your tip is going to be. At that point I didn't care that the food was good or the drinks. I gave 2 stars for the food, but due to the service I received I could not give it anymore. I will not be returning to this establishment.
4	Came here with a bunch of girls and ate family-styled. Got 4 dishes and split amongst 5 and ended up only ~$10/person. Not bad.My favorite dishes were the pad thai and the bbq chicken! everything else was mediocre. Service was alright... could use a bit more attention. And at first, the server was saying he couldn't split the bill but caved in. We originally had 10 people and asked if we could just split it and make it 5 and 5 but he said no. After much debate, he finally said fine. Yeesh.
4	Mussel is okay but other dishes we ordered are great and love here
5	Excellent Thai food and a very friendly staff.  The Satay chicken is very good as is the Pad Thai.  You can't go wrong here.
5	Me &5 other friends were in Las Vegas for a trip in the month of august. After a long day trip to Grand Canyon we were hungry and searched online and decided on Satay for dinner (saw the stars in yelp and decided). The atmosphere was fine and nicely decorated and we requested the waiter for an outdoor seating. They have a quite big menu and we order Roti Canai and Vegetable curry Samosa.  Both platters seem to be Indian dishes and they taste excellent. We are tempted and ordered one more order of Roti Canai.Nasi Lamak with curry chicken served with coconut rice.  The chicken was delicious and in addition we have half boiled egg and cucumbers.Nasi Goreng - fried rice served with shrimp, squid and half cooked omelet .....it was yummy and shrimp is flavorful.Singapore fried noodles - it's a vegi noodles with no egg was perfectly cooked and tastes excellent.Green Curry - cooked with peppers, coconut milk and egg plant...just tasted and it was fine.i checked the online menu and each dish was self explanatory with most of the images.All the dishes were not so spicy and we asked for extra chili sauce!!!I am not sure about the local crowd, but we were lucky to be there for dinner without knowing much about it. Totally I was impressed with the food and service.
4	Good food. Skip the spring roll and war won ton soup. Satays were great. Service very attentive. Happy hour good bargain. Great alternative to the strip.
5	A great Thai place!   Great prices good happy hour.  Pad Thai yum
3	Not bad...not great either. Open late, I think we hit a slow night with just two other tables occupied. I will say, that the service was excellent and the staff very friendly. Had the grilled calamari appetizer (very good) and the bacon wrapped scallops (typical Happy Hour fare) only average. I had the 1/2 roast duck and it was a huge portion, more than I could finish, the skin was soggy vs crispy, the way I prefer it. My son had the lamb curry, it was not seasoned great and a bit dry. My wife had the red curry tofu which was the best dish of the bunch. Maybe living in Northern CA I am spoiled, but I think it was average to just above average Thai food.
4	So my family doesn't really celebrate christmas other than making sure that we are all together doing something on the day. Christmas dinner is usually a pain in the ass and requires lots of calling around to see what poor people are working on christmas. Usually we get Chinese or pizza but since we were in vegas we decided to call a few more places than we normally do. Satay happened to be open and allowed us to reserve a seat. The waitress was the best and funny and engaging. We got: chicken breast pad thai, pork pad see ew, chicken satay, half a roasted duck, and thai basil beef. Chicken Satay- the whole family loves peanut sauce so the thing was gone in seconds. The portion was a little small though for the price. Chicken pad thai- the best dish we ordered. It was just the perfect amount of everything. They use these huge bowls that make it look like there isn't much food but it's more than enough. My dad who doesn't usually like pad thai ended up really digging the dish. Pork pad see ew- this was yummy as well and i'm glad I was able to convince my mom to get it. I'm glad it wasn't my main dish though since I don't like chinese broccoliHalf a roasted duck- huge portion for just $15! I don't like duck but my sister really enjoyed it. The coconut flavored jasmine rice that came with it was pretty good as well. Thai basil beef- this was the most disappointing dish. We had pretty high hopes for it but there just wasn't enough umph to it.  It was just salty and the taste of the basil didn't come through. For desert we got mango sticky rice because both my sister and mom had never had it before. The coconut sauce they used was a little bit salty but it made it even more delicious. I really need to work on perfecting my own recipe because I feel really guilty every time I spend $8 for some rice and mangos. All in all we had a wonderful time. They are doing a promotion on their gift cards where if you bought $50 worth of gift cards you got an additional $15 for free. If we were in Vegas for longer than 2 days we would've bought them and gone one again but there are too many other things to eat!
3	Okay, I realy do not  know which one who they really  are??. The sign at the front door states Thai, Mallaysia and Chinese ( huh )  I'm a little dizzy and confused, but it's about lunch time, so I decide to stop and check them out. The menu are almost as long as  the  stretch of HW 15  distance from Califonia to Nevada ( i saw all the cars and trucks so tiny from the airplane look down on the HW15) So many choice and so little time from the pressure of all service mens, especial from the  machos waiter , who is 6 feet tall, messy hair.wearing all black out fit with out the apron, make me think of he just get off the funeral, he freak me out with a aggressive attitude. I order the house fried rice with chicken, cost $10.95,  it's very moise and soft chicken breast, and is $3 for big glass of yummy Thai's Ice Tea.
4	This will be a short review since my sister just reviewed it below and said pretty much everything I wanted to say already.Only thing I disagree with is that the Pad See Ew and the roasted duck were the best! Duck was amazing, and very worth the price.
4	I was here with my friend Jenn and I loved it!  I had the Pad See Ew (which really should be pad see "yum" not "ew").  The ambiance is very sexy- great loungy music and dim lighting.  We each had a ginger martini, which I enjoyed immensely.   The service was quick and fantastic.  There is also a hookah lounge on the other side of the restaurant and it looked like fun, as well.  I can't wait for another Vegas layover so I can come back here again.   I now must conclude this review, as I am getting starved thinking about Satay and I must go feed my face.
5	four of us went to this restaurant after reading the Yelp reviews. Went on Friday night. Not crowded. Got seated immediately and service was great. We ordered the roti canai and chicken satay as appetizer - both good.  We also ordered beef pad see ew and shrimp pad Thai and beef rendang and garlic shrimp.  All great food. Great blend of Thai and Malaysian food. Definitely would go back there again.
3	FAST_VIEW: solid thai place, nice decor and friendly service. the food was nothing particular to rave about but note that we only tried 1 dish so take this rating with a grain of salt!pros: fast service, the place was empty at 5:30PM on a saturdaycons: the pro could be a con?this place has a modest exterior but the interior has seen all the fancy upgrades it would need. stone walls, dim lighting and a full bar, this place was designed to be filled with people. it just wasn't when we went, which isn't particularly bothersome but just kind of out of place since we walked over directly from Firefly, which had a line out the door.we ordered drunken noodles and all i have to say is that it is standardly satisfying. tasted fresh, made to order and came out in a reasonable amount of time. could i have had this same dish anywhere else? yes.also, there is a hookah bar/lounge right next door, i think built into the restaurant. that is a stand out characteristic if you need something different.
4	This place is great! Great selection and variety.i particularly like the choice of heat from 1-10. I get so tired of telling them to make it hot, and its not, or its way too hot. Their system makes it consistent. Portions are more than enough for one and almost enough for two...add one of the 3 types of rice and its perfect to share. What I like most is its proximity to The Strip and convention center, without all the tourists.
3	I've been here twice now and will likely come back when I'm in town.  A solid Thai place!
5	Found this place by accident a few months bck and it quickly became our favorite place to eat, I love the black pepper steak on a sizzling platter...  oh ya, they have awesome Hookah too with Las Vegas Hookah on their patio...
1	This place immediately got one of our drink orders wrong. We asked for a Thai coffee with boba, and two minutes later a coffee with no boba came out. No big deal though. Not too long after our waiter tipped over my glass of water into my lap, where my phone was laying, and it died. I asked to talk to the manager and in a rude tone he asked, "well what do you want me to do about it"? I mean, I sat in your restaurant with cold, wet pants and I don't at least get a free drink or meal? Nope, just a meaningless "sorry". Too bad sorry doesn't fix my iPhone. But hey, the food was good.
5	*REVIEW FOR DELIVERY ONLY!*Man, I'm lucky to work around the corner from this place (for the past 6 years and I'm just now trying them?!  Shame!!)  I love Pad Thai and I decided to try Satay a few weeks ago.  I ordered Chicken Pad Thai at a heat level of 3.  HOLY BALLS!  A 3 is like an 8 at Pin Kaow.  Much more spicy than I expected, but the flavors were still really delicious and fresh.After having it for the first time, I crave it once a week!  I have dialed the heat down to 2 and it's a good level (for someone that usually orders a 3 at Pin Kaow).Delivery had always been fast (I work in Howard Hughes) and the food is piping hot!The serving size is generous- I always have left overs.This is definitely a go-to lunch spot/delivery for me. :)
5	I'd like to say that I've eaten a lot of thai food and that I kind of know what I'm talking about when I do reviews for Thai Restaurants. Anywho onto the review. Upon entering Satay the staff is extremely friendly. All smiles. This visit I was pretty hung over when I came in to have dinner. I decided on the Roti As well as the Yellow Curry these are usually my go to dishes for Thai spots fuck it up and well I probably won't be going back. Anywho I was pretty in out as soon as I sat down I told the host I knew what I wanted and that I could pay immediately. It didn't take long for my food to arrive and when it did it was hot and the portion sizes were good. The Roti Canai  which arrived first was simply delicious as you should expect in a good thai sauce. The same goes for the Yellow curry which I ordered with vegetable no tofu. I'm so used to having watered down curries that drop like water it was good to know that this Thai place knows what theyre doing when it comes to curry.My only tiff when it comes to Satay is that considering that when I arrived it was dead I had every single server on site stop by my table. Um... I'm sure I only have one server not 5. But even with that said service was pleasant Anyway if you're in Vegas stop by sit down and eat. But here's a tip Most places that say they do delivery don't not on the strip anyway. So call beforehand and double check if they'll even stop at your hotel
3	I was intrigued by the Malaysian menu after seeing some dishes I grew up on like nasi goreng, mee goreng, beef rendang, and a variation of Indonesian soto ayam that's called Laksa on the menu. The name satay will always be synonymous with my parent's Indonesian heritage of go to dishes that's served along their killer bumbu satay (peanut sauce). So this place had a lot to live up to for me yet I will tread lightly as this is the only Malyasian establishment I know of in Vegas.The setting is very modern and clean with ample seating. We were greeted & seated promptly by our friendly waitress.We ordered appetizers to share and definitely wanted to try the roti canai which is a flatbread (similar to naan but greasier) and served with a curry dipping sauce. You must like curry to have this as the flavor is very intense. We enjoyed it but wish it was served with a little bit more of the flatbread to enjoy more than just a small portion of the strong curry sauce.Next was the Korean beef jerky which was ok. The beef had good marinated bbq flavor but was a bit more chewy and not as thinly sliced as I would have liked. It came with a tangy sauce I couldn't quite figure out. The Thai sticky rice was disappointing because we expected a more glutinous sticky rice to come out. The chicken satay was pretty good and well marinated. The peanut sauce did not taste like peanut sauce as the flavor was masked in something else. It was interesting. We would come back to try some of the main dishes on the menu but my fear is that from my childhood going to another Indonesian family's house for dinner and it not measuring up to my mom's cooking...which I miss dearly.At least you are doing it Satay Thai Bistro!
4	I've been here twice now and will likely come back when I'm in town.  A solid Thai place!
5	Best Thai Food ever. This place completed my great vacations at Vegas.
5	Great Thai food off the strip, lots of parking.  I had dinner and lunch here on my recent trip to Vegas, the food is fresh and crisp and clean  tasting,  not heavy on the sauce. Affordable as well, highly recommend if you enjoy traditional Thai food, also have some non traditional items on the menu.
4	My favorite place for their amazing Curry Laksa -- to DIE for. I get it with shrimp and tofu. Amazeballs. Atmosphere is usually not very ambient, but I'm there for the soup anyway
3	Ordered take out so I can't really say much besides how the food tasted.I love how thai places have pics of the food they serve in their menu.  Makes picking out food much easier/quicker.  This is what I tried on the menu:Pad see ew was goodChow mein was alright.  I'm not a fan of chow mein fyiMama's curry was delish.  I love curry.  Gotta love them potatoes...Pad prik khing pork was pretty good.
4	So lets start with how nice of a place this is. Last night, 20 minutes to Midnight I was craving Thai food. Satay was so nice to stay open for me because usually around this time lots of kitchens start shutting down and start cleaning for the next day. I actually felt that I had the entire restaurant to myself(well actually, I did, lol!) They were so kind to allow me to make a last minute order and to stay open for me to dine in.Now lets talk about the food. I ordered the Beef Satay sticks, Drunken noodles, Beef Pad Thai, and Papaya salad w/ Grilled Shrimp. One word, delicious! Everything came out in a timely fashion and everything was great. The restaurant was very clean and the wait staff was very attentive. I definitely plan on going back to try more food soon hopefully before the 12AM closing time.
5	I am a Vegas local and have been looking for good Thai/Chinese food for a long time.  I cannot say how glad I am I came across Satay.  Since first discovering this gem a few months back, we have been coming here regularly and will continue to do so.  We have tried different meals each time and each time are equally as impressed.  To add to that, the service and venue are top notch.Whether you are visiting or are local, Satay is a MUST!!!  Check this place out...you will not be disappointed.
4	Came here for a slightly late lunch on a Monday. There were maybe about 2 other tables besides us. We got the Buddha fresh rolls which came out really quick after we ordered it. I got the char kway teow, my bf the nasi goreng. Both are really good and the portion is big. It fed us for both lunch then later dinner.
5	Great place, great food and great people that work there. It looks really nice inside and the service is two thumbs up with a smile. My friends and I have hung out here a number of times now and every time we left happy. ;)
4	I came here while working in Vegas.  I ordered the Nasi Goreng which was great for lunch and great for dinner that night when I got home to California.My girlfriend got the cha gu theow which she liked but complained that it was too spicy.  She ordered a level 3 spiciness and I ordered a level 7 but hers was spicier than mine.  I would recommend this place if you're in the area.
3	The good:  The food quality and flavor were good. We are vegetarian and they were able to accommodate us. We ordered the Tom ka soup and roti canai for appetizers, both of which were very flavorful. The crispy chow mein, and eggplant were also good. The bad: table kind of sticky.We ordered green tea ice cream for dessert  which was the worst I have ever tasted. We were 4 people and none of us liked it. Gritty and no tea flavor. When we told the waiter he did not do anything but tell us that the ice cream is supposed to be that way. I did not like the way he handled the situation. Conclusion: would eat here again but would skip the dessert.
5	I've come to this place 3 times now when visiting Vegas and it never disappoints. The food is excellent, the waiters are very friendly and the atmosphere isn't bad either. One warning though, when ordering spicy food i'd warn against asking for a 10 unless you have no taste buds. Someone in our group ordered a 10 and had to give up the meal because it was so damn spicy. I've tried a variety of dishes here and everything tasted great. The chicken items especially are just absolutely delicious. They have great Thai Tea as well for those who love it. I don't think you can go wrong eating here they have a pretty large menu so there's basically something for everyone - including vegetarians.
5	I had a four night stay in Vegas and ate here twice. Would have been four but I prepaid the buffet at the hotel. Big mistake. Staff are excellent, location convenient and atmosphere good.The Panamg curry was outstanding. I ordered medium and had a little bite but still retained full flavor. The chicken satay was perfect with a thick peanut sauce. The firecracker shrimp came out piping hot and relatively mild.Do not miss this place!!!
4	I've been coming here for two years, when I'm in town, feels like 3 (been here at least 6 times). Looks like they've updated the menu with nice pictures. Beautiful atmosphere, with hookah lounge outside, great staff. The food looks great and taste better. Awesome Thai Iced Tea. Had Yellow Curry, Pad See Ew, Tom Kha (sp?) soup, and Samosas. Delicious. Highlight meal of the trip. Hidden gem just off the Vegas Strip.The only negative I can think if is there was not a lot of noodles with the Pad See Ew. More chicken than noodles, but most may like this.
5	Friendly service, grade A food, nice ambiance and relatively inexpensive. These are the ingredients that make for a five-star experience in my book.  I love Thai food in the first place.  But when you add it to all of the factors above along with the fact that it is not too too far from the strip, this is my favorite Thai spot in Vegas.
4	I'm not sure why, but every time I walk by this place, it is empty for the most part.  There may have been two or three times that I wanted to give this place a try in the past, but then I looked inside, saw it empty and decided to go somewhere else.Well, not too long ago, I finally decided to give it a try.  Again, I looked inside and it was empty, but I was determined to knock this one off my list.  So I went inside, I have no idea why there aren't more people trying to go to this place.1. I love the interior with its modern and hip decor.2. I enjoyed the vibe which was accented by the mellow and soulful house music that was playing.3. Though, I'm not really into it as much, they have an awesome hookah lounge area with comfortable seating, big screen and music.4. Customer service was friendly and attentive.5. Granted I was on a diet, the food was delicious and I am down to go back and try my usual Thai orders next time.  When I went I tried the Malaysian Sate (chicken skewers, peanut sauce and cucumber salad) and Tom Yum (soup with mushrooms).I'm sure people go here, so hopefully next time, I can check it out when the place is more live.  In the meantime, I kind of enjoyed my private night at this joint for that particular night.
5	I walked in here at noon on a Tuesday and it was DEAD! Seriously?! Where is the lunch rush? Are people who work in Howard Hughes nuts? This place is amazing! I'm hooked. The decor is classy enough to bring business here for a lunch meeting. The prices are definitely worth it. Service is always great and the food is super fresh.
4	It is Friday at 5PM and it is almost empty. Maybe I'm too early. Food presentation was master chef quality. But not up to temp. Very tastes and good quality food. Nice quiet place with modern clean interior. Has a bar too. I'd come back.
5	Besides the blackjack table, satay is a must every time I am in vegas, except everytime I leave satay I feel great!!! The best thai/maylasian food I've tried, and I live in vancouver where the food is world class! Theres just too many dishes to try in too little time. The pad thai is my favorite, and they have lots of delicious drinks to get your night started. The food 5 star, service 5 star!!!
2	It's in a strip mall - the decor is better than expected, but the food is perfectly stripmall-ish.  I would be very, very afraid to know the ingredients in what I just consumed.  Have no idea why so many people have rated this a 4 ...why are our standards so low?!?   The one plus was the service. Very friendly, fast and efficient.
2	Food came out room temperature and was not very good in general. Good service though.
2	The only good part from the experience my husband and I got from this place was the shrimp and mango entree.. The flavor of the curry laksa wasn't so bad but for some reason, the chicken inside was only room temperature. My husband asked them to make him a fresh one and they insisted that it was fresh and that if they made it again it would be exactly the same. So my husband decided to order a different soup and got the coconut chicken soup instead. Again, the chicken in the soup came out room temperature. We don't know how they've managed to do it twice with two different soups!I ordered the beef rendang and it was just ok, nothing special about it. The server asked me and I told her honestly what I thought about it but I told her that it was fine. I guess she told her supervisor coz next thing u know, the manager comes to our table. The part that irritated me the most was that he made us seem like we were lying about our complaints on the temp Of our food. To make it worse, the manager then proceeds to tell me that I probably haven't tasted authentic Asian food. I'm Asian and I've tried so many different authentic Asian food. They just managed to make theirs absolutely nothing special and not worth my money.I'm only giving the second star for our server because she was very nice.To sum this all up, it was a waste of money. Needless to say, my husband and I will not be going back there again.
4	Pretty good Malaysian food. The roti canai is pretty good with the curry sauce. It was sad that they did not have fish curry dipping sauce. Most of the dishes are pretty authentic, as I grew up in Malaysia. I know. The curry laksa was good. Nasi lemak mediocre, but if you guys want to get an idea of how nasi lemak taste like.. I guess you guys can order it because it's not bad. The char quay teow was also pretty good. The servers are very attentive and I will probably visit again.
2	I've been here for a few time. The only item I like here is their roti. Their food is just not authentic. They try to do Malaysian, Thai, and Chinese, but it just makes everything strange. The BBQ pork I ordered last time was super sweet, I didn't even need a dessert after. Also, I think everything is overpriced. You can get better food for lower price somewhere else.
4	This is probably the place you should eat in Vegas. the price are a fraction  of what you would pay to eat at other places. 3 appetizers 3 main courses and the bill comes out way less than eating 2 entrees inside one of the 17 fancy hotels.The food is pretty decent. friendly service. attentive. tons of seats.
5	My new favorite Thay-Malay joint in LV. We were a party of 12 Including 6 kids. Were seated in no time. Food was delicious and promptly served. Would definitely visit again during the next trip to LV.
1	Horrible service during lunch. We orders off the lunch menu. Comes with salad, which never came after 20 minutes. We got up and left. They had a 10 top preorder food before they arrived, they placed ten salads on a table that had preordered.  We ordered our food before they even moved three tables together. We asked,"where is our salads when nobody is sitting there, we ordered 20 minutes ago." They responded, they get their salad first since they ordered over the phone. I stay at the Fairfield marriot 2 weeks out of the month. I'll never go back and I am spreading the word that they are a week staff.
4	I was staying right by this place and then wlakwd by it on my way to the ces. The place is mellow w good music, and the food was good.  Had somosas roasted duck and satay, then fried rice and tom yum soup !!All great stuff. Decent price.
2	Wow, not my favorite. Went here for dinner with a friend and had a not so amazing experience. First, the waitress was at best, passive. She served us drink that tasted horrible and food that was just so-so. Would not come back.
5	This is one of the best dining experiencesI've had in a very long time! The staff was very attentive and helpful, the prices were reasonable, the atmosphere was pleasant  and the food was great! I  plan to eat here every time I'm in town!
4	I have eaten at Satay many times as it is conveniently located across from my office. I prefer getting it to go or delivered as the service when dining in is pretty slow. Try the pad thai or curries. Like Robert B. mentioned, I walked in here at noon on a Tuesday and it was DEAD! Seriously?!  I think the lunch crowd knows that this place isn't the place to go for a quick in-and-out lunch. Honestly, I would love to give Satay five stars but until they get more attentive I just can't.
4	truth be told, the only reason we dined at this place was because we mistakenly Yelp'd directions to the Firefly that was in the same shopping center that has since relocated. but thankfully, this place did not disappoint!we got there around 9ish for drinks and a late dinner as we were still up in the air as far as our plans for the evening. i was initially surprised that this place wasn't as packed as most thai food spots (or restaurants in Las Vegas in general). i couldn't quite place why, since the drinks were pretty good, the venue had a lot of space both at the bar and in the dining portion of the restaurant, and we were able to order and get our food/drinks relatively quickly.Satay is a pretty trendy spot, it seems that it'd be a fun place to enjoy the night close to the Strip if you want to drink and eat on the cheap. intimate lighting, lots of bar space, cool decor, and their food is tasty and authentic, not some type of Americanized version of thai food!-civilities.
5	My wife, son and I eat at this location atleast twice a month. Service is always great. The restaurant is always clean and well kept. Excellent food and a good price for what you get. I recommend this place to alot of people.
4	We went to Vegas looking for a good Tai restaurant. We searched yelp, and gave it a shot. We ordered the Mongolian Beef, Lemongrass Chicken, chicken & shrimp fried rice, spring egg rolls, firecracker shrimp, bacon wrapped scallops, and seafood Tom Yum. Everything was delicious. But the highlight was definitely the seafood tom yum. Never had it or heard of it before, and it was delicious. We will definitely be fitting Satay into our next Vegas trip just for the Tom Yum.
4	Got into Vegas tired from a long week. Ordered delivery. Service was great. Food hot. Had veg rolls, spicy chick wings, and chick pad tai . All good. Will eat there again on my next trip.
4	This restaurant saved my life...well almost.  I arrived in Vegas a few days ahead of my friend for a girls weekend.  Got incredibly sick and when my friend arrived she found me holed up in my hotel room subsisting on crackers.  She Yelped for the nearest vegetarian friendly restaurant and found this great Thai place.  Off she went to buy me real food.  Now I'm not sure what she got me but I do remember eating a great Thai veggie soup and coconut rice along with some fat noodle dish.  All was delish!Memories of this restaurant were so strong that we returned almost a week later driving 3+ hours from Utah thinking about what we were going to order.   Try it.  You won't be disappointed.
2	Two stars because the food was decent. The place was empty so maybe that should have been a sign. Only one other table was seated the entire time we were there. Ran out of water and the waiter was no where to be found until he brought the check.Thankfully i get email alerts from my bank because not only were we charged for our bill, but for the other table's too. Waiter tried to give us some crappy excuse and the manager didn't seem to care.Won't be going back.
5	Their customer service is AMAZEBALLS! If you want a great experience and a memory you won't forget, eat here. They are all about pleasing the customer and are some of the best in Vegas. Go there!
5	This is some of the best Thai food I have had in Vegas! I really enjoyed the environment and the food was great. The menu is very well done. They have a lot of options and it is reasonably priced. I definitely will go back again!
5	This is my local Thai food restaurant that is a little pricey but the quality of food is definitely worth it. Everything I have tried so far including the appetizers and main course meals have been delicious and satisfying. My favorite so far is the curry dishes-coconut rice is a must try. I also like how there are vegetarian/vegan options at this restaurant. For quality Thai food this is the place to go PLUS they have excellent customer service to go along with it. Which is pivotal among this review.
5	It's was just ok. Food wasn't anything special. Prices weren't anything to brag about. The server was good but he took off after the check was paid. I'll give it another shot and see if I find a better item on the menu worth going for.**update**The manager contacted me shortly after I posted this review. He was very kind and sincere and also recommended a few dishes I should try next time that would wow me. This is exactly why I will come back for another try. Genuine people here!
4	Bbq duck with Coconut rice plus appetizer Roti plus coconut ice cream = $25.78Awesome duck meat fresh from the oven.
5	**Update**The manager immediately contacted me after this review. He was very kind and even recommended some dishes I might like. That's the kind of service that gets me to come back.
3	i think i'll be frequenting this spot. the lunch specials are decent. its nothing amazing but it will hit the spot if i'm craving thai.I really do like the roti w/ curry though. their cooks are not very consistent with the spicy level. I've asked for medium and each occasion was different. honestly can't say much about this place. It neither amazing or horrible.
4	Tuesday late Las Vegas sunsetting afternoon at the outdoor patio, tired from walking the last two days, I decided to be here determined to have my first beer in over a week.  That Singha sure did taste good.  Complementing that was the combo beef and chicken satay, with peanut sauce and mildly vinegar'd cucumbers.  This plate does not come with lontong, rice will have to be ordered separately.  The Vegetable plate was a definite pleasant surprise, refreshing, crispy tasty for outdoor munchies.  We were forced to sit outside because the restaurant was booked for a company private party, huge NAB convention tend to do that around town.  It was a happy misfortune on our part.  It is spacious and perfect for out of control loud discussions amongst good friends.I ordered the Singapore noodles, because I'm also craving curry to go with my beer.  The blended seasoning of tumeric, curry and other spices and herbs successfully imbued that trademark smell and taste upon the noodles.  Super yummy for a super afternoon.My GF, ordered the Chicken Satay, which she says is a terrific flavorful and deliciously tender nuggets on the skewer.  She says it was so good there is no need to dip it in the sauce.  My geektastic friend, who is trying Thai for the very first time, also ordered the Singapore Noodle.  Let's just say the look on his face is a mixture of uncertainty, fear, and curiosity.  He says it's good.  It is quite a departure from his usual fare.The previous night, we visited the Japanese Restaurant, Musashi.  It was either this one or Musashi that evening.  Also of interest in the same strip mall is the Morrocan restaurant . . . .that's for next time.
5	Every time I visit vegas I eat at satay.from the minute you enter the restaurant you have a great experience. The decor and cleanliness stand out. I always enjoy a couple different meat dishes and their wonderful fried rice. This place has been consistent for years:)
4	Went there for lunch with family that was visiting, and the food was great. I had the Mee Goreng with tofu and vegetables and the Mango Tofu. The Mee Gorang was excellent, but the Mango Tofu was probably one of the best vegetarian dishes I've ever had at a Thai Restaurant. I would highly recommend it. Service was pretty good, prices were great. Only (minor) complaint is that there was something up with there electrical cause the lighting above our table was constantly flickering and it was a tad distracting.
2	This place is a ripped off! They automaticaly put 18% tips on ur bill. The service was so slow, the waitress is so annoying, offering you drinks, if u dont want it, she will still ask "its really good tho". I dont care, its my money, why bother? Food was expensive too. Double price of regular thai out there. Dont want to come back for sure.
5	Every time I come to Satay my food comes out amazing with such a unique taste. The restaurant has great ambiance, friendly and helpful service, and overall an above par setting.  I highly recommended it.
4	Got takeout but the restaurant looked nice. It's really close to the strip. Everything we tried was delicious. They have thai and Malaysian dishes. We got the pad see ew which was good with the right amount of sauce and oiliness. The beef rendang was tender and flavorful. The coconut rice was so good I could eat it by itself. We also got the roti appetizer and the Singapore noodles which were also great. Will definitely go back.
5	I would definitely come back! Pad Thai Chicken was delish and I loved that they gave me the option of how spicy I wanted it.
3	The quality of the food has really gone down. The Rendang was tough in texture and the Laksa, didn't taste like laksa. I was a fan of the string beans and chili it was very nice. Duck is quiet nice and juicy.
4	I will be back!  That's for sure.  Although the beginning of our experience was poor, the food really made up for it.  My friend and I stopped in for dinner a little later than  the normal dinner rush hours and to our delight the place was relatively quiet and had quite a few open tables.  The host said we would be seated in just a few minutes but it took at least 10. I didn't really understand why because there were plenty of available tables and we were the only ones waiting.  They seemed to be a little understaffed so that may have had something to do with it.  Regardless we were finally seated. The experience continued to go downhill as the server took forever to take our drink order and forever to bring our drinks.  And yes,  also forever to take our food order and bring our food. Normally this would automatically mean a 2 or 3 star review from me,  as service really makes an experience,  but their food is so delicious I'm letting it slide.  We had strawberry lemonade,  which isn't lemonade at all in the sense of having lemons or lemon flavor in it. It was that they used strawberries as the ingredient instead of lemons and made a drink from that.  It was delicious and came with a big straw to get the chunks of fresh strawberry out. As far as food,  i had the glass noodle stir fry with chicken and my friend had the Thai fried rice with beef. Both dishes were seriously A+,  some of the best Thai I've ever had.  Really huge portions and a superb price point,  especially for Vegas. I'll be back... And I hope the service will be better next time!
5	First time to have dinner in this restaurant and my experience was awesome. I went here with my girlfriend and her mom and they both love their food here! Also they have GREAT services here! Their food are mostly pretty spicy ( cause it is thai food ) so my server needs to add a lot of water for us. They did a good job for refilling drinks and care of their customers. Great job and thank u
5	Great place awesome food.  Cute waitresses.  Mango tufo was awesome.  Samosa great also.  First time and will come back
4	Very tasty food. Friendly, casual, relaxing  atmosphere. Great Happy Hour deals too!
4	The food here is so great. The Roti appetizer is unbelievable. We lived in Vegas for 6 months and ate here once a week. The staff were so good to us and gave us loyalty cards that made us want to return.
2	I love the food here so incredibly much. I come regardless of the bad service. It frustrates me to no end. I've been here more times than I can count and I have only had good service once and that was because the owner herself was taking care of me due to some party. Today I went and misjudged my party's size instead of being a three top we became a six top. The girl rolled her eyes and looked pissed that I needed a bigger table. If it was slammed I could understand but we were the only table in the restaurant.It took the two servers over ten minutes to get me a water, my friends had to ask for their drinks three times. On the third time they actually went to the bar and asked for the beers. The shocker in all this we were the only table. Being in the industry myself I could understand beers/waters taking awhile but being the only freaking table in the whole restaurant it's just ridiculous. I'm about at my limit with this restaurant but I'm addicted to their Pad Thai and Panang Curry. I just want the service to be better I feel like their servers could care less about their jobs. I just want it fixed so that I can love this place.
4	I have only been here once, though my coworkers swear by this place.  The environment is clean, the decor is nice, and the vibe is quiet and intimate.  We had 4 different people serving us, which ended up being a little bit chaotic when I was asked if I wanted more water about 4 different times by different people, but that is a minor gripe.  The chicken pad thai that I ordered was exceptional.  Most importantly, there doesn't seem to be much of a lunch rush here, which makes for a very quick and easy lunch break. I would definitely come to eat here again.
2	Went here for lunch.  Ordered the green papaya salad.  She asked me how spicy would I like it, out of 10 stars, so I told her 3. It came out so incredibly spicy. I asked my friend to try it incase I was being a baby.  She her too said it was crazy spicy.  I sent it back and told them I had told the waitress to make it a 3.  They took it back and brought me a new one.  A new person brought it out to me.  Said it was a new one but they pre-make it so of course it was just as spicy.  I wish they would have cared to tell me that before I had placed the order, burned my mouth off, and wasted my money.  The servers were nice tho.
3	Very nice atmosphere almost upscale.  Nice ambience.  The service is very good and fast.  Here at 700 and only 3 tables.  Unfortunately the food IMHO doesn't measure to the restaurant is just average.  The pad Thai was just average the pa nang just ok the beef salad was good.  I give 3 stars cause the staff and ambiance are great but food is just average Vegas has some tough Thai competition
5	I'm surprised I still haven't reviewed this place. Every time I am in Vegas I bring my friends here.  The decoration and atmosphere is pretty nice while the food is at a reasoably cheap.Great service I have tried the  the roti curry, pad Thai, various curries, pad see u and
3	This place is ok don't get me wrong the food is pretty good but! There are some things that they make better like the noodle dishes which are delicious. Don't try the calamari nor the spicy beef salad. My beef came out raw which I don't mind but there was no taste to it. I need a little flavor in my life personally. Other than that everything else was great. I unfortunately had to return my salad cause I couldn't eat it but I would come back just won't order what I had ordered.
4	When it comes to delivery,  Vegas seems to only have pizza or Chinese.  I decided to give this place another try since it's one of the few places that delivers.  I must say I was very impressed the second time around.  They were so quick to deliver.  I checked the time I called to the time they came to my door and it was just under 30 minutes!  Granted I do only like about 5-10 min away from them but I greatly appreciated their quick service.  I was very pleased with my food as well.  It was so yummy I wanted to order it again the next day!
4	Really, really good Thai food.  Love the fact that they have Happy Hour with small plates and drink specials.  Everything tasty and well-priced.
5	This place is so delicious! Went here with my boyfriend instead of Lotus of Siam and don't regret it. Food was so good and came out really quickly. The menu has tons of options. The service was great - I would go back just to see our waitress! This place is a definite go to.
5	man this place was the best tai food and for the price and ambiance happy hr deals WOW anyone who comes to Vegas and is looking for tai don't go anywhere else no kidding this was unforgettable we are here for another few days and im damn well gonna load up on all the appetizers the garlic fries and veggie rolls and chicken pot stickers all a meal in it self. i felt as i was eating at a five star restaurant with a affordable price most people can touch the waiters are awesome ....love this place .....phil
5	I got the veggie pad Thai- it was out of this world good. The tofu was delicious and the meal was chock full of vegetables. I love that they ask you how hot you would prefer on a scale from 1 to 10. I got my dish at a 4 and it was just spicy enough to keep the burn without having to slow down to take a break from the heat or have my eyes water. If you like really spicy foods I would get higher but I would probably beware a 10! My waiter was awesome and was very quick and respectful, but the other guy in the restaurant was being a little sarcastic with the other patrons. I'm glad I didn't have him because I probably would have knocked a star. I would definitely come back if I can make it back to Vegas!
5	This place is perfect. Great service , reasonable prices, and the food was great. I have nothing to complain about and will be returning often.
1	This is a sorry place for a "Thai" restaurant. Food was sweet, sweet and oh, sweet! More for American taste bud as they seem to like sweet a lot more.Chicken Satay - probably the only thing that tasted good. Really thin piece of chicken and the cucumber salad that came with it was drenched in some sort of syrup so it was super sweet. Calamari - needs to be fried more so it's actually crunchy and more salt added. Most of the pieces we ate had no taste to it.Chicken Wing - was okay but it was fried and drenched in more sweet thick syrup.Thai Tea - beyond sweet. I literally could've poured my cup into 2 different cups, add more water and wala, got myself 2 Thai tea drinks. That's how sweet it is.Tom Kha - nasty stuff. Not fresh and overcooked.Pad Thai - wet, not dry and sweet. Beef Fried Rice - was okay, not the best flavor. Beef Pad Se Eew - looked so burnt up. It was so spicy to the point you can't enjoy the food.All in all, everything was too sweet. Spice level is not the same. A few of us order with a level 6, some where super spicy and the others didn't taste spicy at all. Service sucked. It was great before we got our food, always refilling our water and what not. Then once the food comes, not even once they came to refill our water or asked if everything was fine. The sad part was that they weren't even busy! Will never come here and wouldn't recommend anyone coming here.
5	So good!  Everything!  We all split 5 entrees & they were bomb!  Good, nice service too!
3	It's a decent Thai place. Nothing real special. One annoying thing was the lights would flicker every minute or so. Beef Pad Thai was nice though.
5	The spicy basil chicken is to die for.  It was just spicy enough and the veggies were nice and crisp.  The dish was just amazing.  Also, the service was superb.
5	Always my favorite place! I love the red curry with pork. The pork is tender and flavorful. Everything is good here. There are soooo many selections. Reasonable price and good quality food and drinks. Service here is the friendliest service in Vegas. Very attentive and polite. Highly recommend!!
5	This is a great find in a convenient location: close to UNLV and the Strip. Their food is consistently good; I've been here about 6 times now. Last night my boyfriend and I went and they finally had loyalty cards in stock. For every $100 spent (not including happy hour items) they give you $10. They are always friendly and attentive. On to the food. The Thai beef jerky is delicious. One of my favorite things ever. My boyfriend loves the duck appetizer. The roti canai is delicious if you like curry. I always have the nasi goreng because it is just perfect. Their level 4 spicy level is perfect for me but I love spicy food. Everything I've had is good, and they have a great selection even for picky eaters.
4	Satay is a solid Thai restaurant.I don't think anyone is going to walk away saying that the food is bad nor is anyone going to walk away saying that this is as good as it gets in Thai food.It's a great place to go if you are tired of the Strip prices and Strip mediocre quality or just living locally and want a quick quality Asian meal.  We were staying off the strip doing some business and Yelpers helped us find this place when we were very hungry, it was getting late, and we were on the way back to the hotel.  I had Chicken with Vegetables and Brown Rice.  It was all good and I could return for the same.  The chicken tasted fresh, no aftertaste, like we have encountered in other Thai places.Service was "matter of fact" and efficient.Atmosphere is casual--not really a romantic dating environment--more for friends get together, established couples, or family or dining alone. Prices are reasonable for the area.Parking is free and easy.We would return again next time in the area.
5	Everything we ordered was excellent! Pad thai, beef pad see ew, tom yum goong, coconut rice, chicken PANANG CuRRY (to die for), mama's chicken curry, beef rendang and steamed vegetables.The server was friendly and our food arrived in a timely manner. Absolutely enjoyed everything about the meal and experience.
5	This is by far the best Thai cuisine I've had! I'm so sad that is in Las Vegas and not here in LA. The service upon arrival was great! Our hostess was very friendly and say us right away.Our server was so adorable! We asked her if they had any beers on draft and she brought us out a bottles Guiness that said "draught" on the label! LOL That was the absolute best!!My bf ordered the Mongolian beef and coconut rice. The Mongolian beef was amazing. The beef was perfectly seasoned and the sauce and grilled onions added so much great flavor!I had the tom yum soup spice level 7! It was so delicious! It was my first time having tom yum and I am so obsessed!! I wish there was a location here!!!! I also ordered the spicy beef salad and that was very tasty as well!!I'm really glad we found this place! We will definitely return next time we're in town!!!
5	Great food, outstanding service and fair prices. The flavors combination was so far great and the drinks were an indulgence
4	I love pad thai and this is the one place I have been to where I can tolerate their 6 or 7 on the heat scale and even ask for more hot sauce to add. Some places have tried to scorch my mouth with a 6. I have never been in here when it is busy. There is usually only a handful of people in there. The service is attentive, but that is easy when the amount of customers is low. The place is very clean as well.
1	This is one of the most frustrating restaurants in Las Vegas. They advertise 'Delivery' yet never seem to have one available or working. The food is average and not worth the hassle, there's tons of better options. I'd recommend any and all other Thai restaurants over Satay.
5	Always good food and service. And at reasonable prices. You just can't go wrong at this restaurant.
5	Amazing place! Found it while searching on yelp and went after work with a friend. Everything we had was so delicious! The venue is so cute. Has a great outdoor area that would be perfect for a big group. The staff was so nice. I am beyond excited to have found a thai place I like and I will be going here again and again.
1	Watch your bill! I came here to get Thai tea, which was priced at $3.50 plus tax. The guy gives me a small cup (for the price, especially when I can get a huge cup for the same price in LA) and hands me back $16 instead of the $16 plus change that I should have received. I go back in and ask him about my change. He fiddles around and tells me he owes me 10 cents because he doesn't have it. This is bad business. Do I care about the 10 cents? Of course not. But if you don't have the change don't shortchange me first, then when you get called out about it still shortchange me. What he should have done was given me too much money rather than cheat a customer. He could have said sorry I don't have the change first. I don't care how good your food is or how good the tea was, I won't be returning. Who knows how many customers they do this to.
2	This place has a few vegan dishes--and it's great when any place provides clearly labeled vegan options--but the selection was pretty disappointing. They don't have any kind of curry or pad-thai that they are able/willing to prepare vegan. The vegan options were just really boring sounding vegetable dishes. I went with the best sounding option they had which was the Rad Na, large flat noodles with vegetables. It didn't seem like it was going to be very exciting and it really wasn't. It didn't have any special flavor; however, it was very salty. I didn't even finish it, which is rare, because I'm a big eater who generally finishes things, especially when it's Thai food. They do have vegan dessert- sorbet, so that's a plus, not that it was amazing. All in all, this place is really mediocre for vegans.
4	Every trip to Vegas leads us to Satay!!  Love this place!!  The decor is fresh and clean. My husband loves the Pad Thai. (It's a bit sweet for me- I just double up on the lime).  I had the Tum Yum with chicken- level 8. Lots of chicken and mushrooms-  so flavorful and the spice level was spot on. Got me a bit flushed.  Spicy Basil with coconut rice was good as well. Requested to add onions which was no problem- a bit crunchy on the veggies. Better than mushy veggies though. My dislike- crab rangoon appetizer.  Tastes like hot cream cheese, no crab flavor. See you in a month Satay!!
4	I found this place by accident once when I was horrendously hung over and starving, and didn't have it in me to either of the other two Thai places I love in LV.  Searched Yelp, and found this place.  It is now one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.  The food is always fresh, the staff is very friendly, and the food comes out pretty quickly even when the place is standing room only.  The prices are extremely reasonable and the atmosphere is casual.  Hint:  bumped up my normal level 7 order to number 8, and there was a noticeable difference.  Will have to try it once more before kicking it up to 9...
4	Good thai food in Las Vegas! Love the fried rice with egg! It's my second time eating here, it's not cheap but prices are reasonable.
4	EVEN BETTER THE NEXT DAYNasi Goreng- Indonesian/ Malaysian fried rice with shrimp, squid, topped with a sunnyside fried egg... tasted even better the next dayPad See Ew - Chicken and Shrimp flat rice noodles Thai style with eggs and Chinese broccoli in black soy sauce... better than averageThai Duck Curry - Red curry with coconut milk, bell peppers,  basil leaves, cherry tomatoes,  pineapple and bamboo shoots.... on top of coconut broken rice helped put it on the top of the chart.This Thai restaurant is a well publicized and received by the Las Vegas locals. Very close to McCarran International and as midtown as you can get. Plenty of parking and a perfect spot to rendezvous with a local friend from Summerlin.Our server Tia was most polite and professional allowing us to socialize with our friend. Don't recall ever asking; yet it was on our table. The three entrees were served hot and simultaneously. Ate slowly without interruption which was very much appreciated by all of us. Spoiled by previous Cambodian cuisine, we were hoping for a better selection. Someday an equivalent of Portland's Mekong Bistro will find its way to this valley.
5	My husband and I are Satay fanatics!  We looooooove Satay!  I am a super picky eater who normally does not like any kind of Asian food.  But even I love Satay.  They have a huge menu which has something for everyone.  I usually get the chicken fried rice - they always allow me to customize my order to my liking and do not make me feel badly about it like a lot of other restaurants I've been to.They also have a great happy hour - M-F 3:00-7:00 (I think) - which has several appetizers for $3-$5 and really cheap drink prices.  Their martinis are delicious and you HAVE to try their garlic basil fries.  They are the best fries in Vegas.  The prices in general are low, which is surprising since they are right off of the Strip.  My husband and I never spend more than $40-$50 including apps, alcohol & entree.The staff is always super sweet and they seem to really appreciate their regulars.  They always recognize us when we come in & welcome us back.  They get good business but we've never had to wait for a table.  They also have a loyalty card - don't forget to sign up!  Satay is definitely our favorite spot in Vegas!
5	I went here in a group of 4. We enjoyed appetizers and lunch specials. Lot of vegan and vegetarian options. Serving size was good.  Priced  Reasonably. Nice quiet ambience . If you r on the strip, you must go once.
5	The best place I've been to in Las Vegas for Asian food. I've been getting take out here for years and have never had anything but perfectly prepared food. Recommend the Nasi Goreng any flat noodle dish. Place is not pricey or cheap but for the quality of food provided it is a great value.
4	Surprisingly good! We had the chicken satay followed by the garlic spinach and lemongrass chicken. All of which were yummy. Great cuts of dark meat and nice seasonings/sauce. Very flavorful and worth it. Not expensive and easy to park. Huge place that has plenty of seating. Probably a local favorite as it's off the strip and unassuming. The service is also pretty friendly. We asked for a hundred things from hot sauces to utensils to napkins and they happily obliged. Do it.
5	Extraordinary....This place was recommended to us by our friend who lives in Las Vegas, I was here last sept 2014, & came back for new year. All I can say I'm glad it was my last stop for dining experience... Food was amazing, customer service is definitely exceptional specially who served us & I didn't know that she the owner until we started talking more. Food came out fast. One of the best thai food I ever tasted. Thank you Jani for a great service & food.
