3	I try not to make concrete judgments about restaurants in their first year of operation; the learning curve in the industry is steep and lots of things will be changing in those first 365 days (I also try to visit a place more than twice before reviewing it-we all have bad days). With that in mind, Los Cabos, which has been around for a month or two, hasn't blown me away. But that doesn't mean they won't someday.For now though, my friend nailed it when he said, "They aren't solving any of the problems with the Mexican food scene in Pittsburgh," after having a "meh" burrito there.*   Two thing at Los Cabos make it feel slightly more authentic than other popular Mexican restaurants like Round Corner Cantina or Mad Mex; free chips and salsa (always nice) and horchata (a deceptively simple rice milk drink with cinnamon and sugar--otherwise known as heaven on earth in its best versions, which isn't to be found here). Do chips and a tasty aqua fresca elevate this place to a level of authenticity thus unparalleled in the Iron City? Hardly, but their tacos are pretty good.One pork belly taco will run you around $3, which is kind of crazy considering that's more expensive than the ones you get in the touristier Strip at Reynas, but these ones are way better. The pork belly was a little more belly fat than pork, but the flavoring was knock-out, as was the seasoning on the pollo, and carne asada. And they were mostly meat. Yay!The walls are a disorienting mix of deep purple, bubble-gum pink and sunshine yellow. I usually like the way over-saturated colors kind of automatically lift my serotonin, but bad lighting make the restaurant feel dim overall. There's not much in the way of decorations, but the wall as you walk in features a big ass menu that's so expansive it would make Lewis and Clark think twice. So, again, although tacos are the litmus test for Mexican restaurants in my mind, I'm not going to pretend like Los Cabos and I won't be meeting again, and again, and again.*Let it be known that I think there are plenty of awesome Mexican restaurants in PGH, but that there's also lots of room for improvement: restaurateurs, are you listening?!
2	Stopped for a Latin Lunch. I think this is primarily Mexican- American food. Socal, Tex it's all the same to me for the most part. I decided on the chiliquiles because with the egg, it's a healthier type of meal. It's a newer reastaurant too. I opened the container and there was this kind of oily pile of tortilla mush with some sauce and lot's of seasonings. I was so hungry so I started eating but it was not the good spice I look for. It just seemed that they added too much heat to the dish, it was all I could taste. As for the egg?? I didn't see any. I ate enough to lose my hunger pangs but would not order that item again. My lunch partners ordered tacos, a fish salad, and a taco salad that all looked better than my choice. I know the office will order from there again so next time I will try the fish salad.
4	I live right around the corner from Los Cabos, and so I am particularly interested in having a good "Mex" restaurant nearby. I've now been there probably two dozen times since they opened a few months ago, so I feel like I can give them a fair review. First, the owners are very very nice and interested in feedback. Second, the food is, on the whole, very very tasty and cheap. I am a particular fan of the tortas and burritos. The chorizo breakfast burrito is a knock-out as is the "California Surfing" burrito, with carne asada, shrimp, french fries, and a garlicy sour cream sauce. The only gripe I have is that the food isn't always consistent. I've twice had inedible items served to me. Once with a carne asada torta that was so over salted as to be inedible (and I really like salt) and once with a pollo asada burrito where the chicken was so dry as to not be chewable. These two extreme outliers (everything else I've ever had there -- including these two menu items on other occasions -- has been delicious) are just a symptom of lack of consistency that I hope will get ironed out soon. It's also a big annoyance that their hours keep changing. When I want a burrito, I don't want to show up to find they're now closed on Sundays or only open at 10am in the morning when I've shown up at 9am. I think this will work out, though. I have my fingers crossed for them. The food is awesome 9 times out of 10 and the local friendliness makes up for the other times. At least, it will for now.
5	How great it is to finally have a Southern Californian style Mexican restaurant here in Pittsburgh. The food is everything in flavor and stands true to a M-experience. Their house made hot sauce is fantastic, ask for it if you want to add to your mexperience. Service was an A-Plus; I see someone reviewed it as having no wait-staff, but, they deliver your food to table and will bus the table as well. This is a place I can't wait to eat my way through the menu. Enjoy!!
5	I'm from Houston, Texas and Los Cabos is about as good as any Mexican food you would get here in Pittsburgh. Now, its no Tex-Mex, but it is darn good compared to the other mexican fares in and around the 'burgh.I live down the street from Cabos and have been frequenting the restaurant since it opened. The staff are wonderfully nice and recognize me and my friends when we come in.Great place all around!!!
4	Free chips, pretty cheap, right next to Brillobox, and open until 3am friday and saturday(Tacos and burritos only)? How could you not love this place? The food is decent, my friend raved about his pork, but my Pittsburgh burrito with veggies instead of meat was a bit dry - but with the combination of food how could it not be. Some Tapatio fixed the problem. Also, fries and tartar sauce, a "pittsburgh" burrito does not make. The place claims to be so-cal mexican food, and indeed the waitress's truck had a california plate on it - so they seem to be doing alright. They also have Carne Asada fries, which was something I thought was cool on the west coast that I hadn't seen here. My girlfriend coerced a meatless version off of the late-night menu which was really delicious - if they fix the sacrilegious pittsburgh burrito and  the yinzers ever find out about nacho fries then Los Cabos will be the mexican Primanti's in no time... In the best way possible
5	Finally stopped in here tonight...and am sad I've waited so long.  The fish tacos are perhaps the only authentic California-style fish tacos I've had outside of California -- and boy, how I've tried to find them.  My boyfriend had a combo platter, and was similarly impressed.  I'm so happy to have a great Mexican place so close to home.  And the service was super friendly as well.... Aces, all around.
5	5 stars for service. They treat you like gold here. The price is fantastic. I LOVE the salsa and you get it free with a nice set of perfectly salted chips. Great options for vegetarians which always scores brownie points in my book. Los Cabos is a formidable addition to a block that already includes greats like Brillo Box and Taste of India.
5	Whenever I get the hankering for Mexican, I'm always left disappointed wherever I venture in Pittsburgh. BUT BUT BUT that will no longer be the case now that I've found Los Cabos. I happened upon Los Cabos by accident. The first time I went I ordered the shredded chicken burrito -- SO SO SO GOOD. I've also got an exceptional bean tostada. there. (I've also had an underwhelming chicken taco, but, five stars nonetheless for service and for the excitement of finally finding good mexican). Also, reasonable prices!
5	Disclaimer: I am from California. I grew up in NorCal and spent my college and post college years in SoCal...and I miss Mexican food.First of all, I read a review stating "Socal, Tex it's all the same to me for the most part." They are very different styles of food and I think its important to go into Los Cabos knowing thatNow to the meat of the matter (yes that word choice was on purpose). This is not your Northern California Mexican food; no nicely grilled chicken with rice and black beans in a whole wheat tortilla. This is a burrito that consists of only large amounts of meat, cheese and guacamole wrapped in an amazingly tasty (and likely fatty) flour tortilla. While not quite the same as what I ate regularly in Cali, it is still very good. I would probably give it a 4/5 stars if it were in San Diego, but I'd still eat there regularly especially because their California burrito is actually better than the ones I used to eat. If you've never had a California burrito, you should. It has the usual meat, cheese and guac, but also has fries. The reason why Los Cabos' California burrito is so amazing is that they make sure their fries are crispy which add more texture and flavor to this awesome burrito. I have yet to try their carne asada fries, but I can only imagine they will be amazing. You must try Los Cabos. They are by far the best Pittsburgh has to offer for Mexican food that I have found so far.
4	Solid Mexican-American food at a decent price.  Not the best I've had, but not the worst.The service is excellent (as it typically is at Mexican restaurants), all of the employees are very nice and attentive.Not much more to say...
4	I absolutely love Los Cabos.  Both the food and atmosphere are a mixture of SoCal (i assume) and Pittsburgh, which is a lot cooler than it sounds.  It is almost like a melting pot of freshness, cheaposity, and choice.  Liberawesome! I have had the shredded chicken burrito, the bean tostada, the quesadilla, and the California Burrito. So far California Burrito is my absolute favorite. Carne asada, fries, and a sour cream sauce make a super-filling and super-tasty dinner.  Since sizes are so huge, i usually cut it in half and have my lunch for the next day.  I am looking forward to trying the Pittsburgh Burrito which has fries and coleslaw! Service is fast and friendly and in the case of the hostess, SUPER CUTE.  They never rush you to place your order and are willing to make substitutions. I always leave a nice tip because i enjoy eating there.  I plan to come here even more often once i wean the husband off of Qdoba and Chipotle!  I LUVZ U, LOS CABOS!
5	Okay so Los Cabos is amazing for staying open as late as it does #1.I came in at around 1:45 with my friend hoping that they wouldn't have started locking up as most places do when its starts to drag toward the end of the night. I waved in at the guy inside he said the were open (YAY)The menu is a little overwhelming but there are tons of options to choose from. I don't even remember what I had because I told him to surprise me and then I covered my ears when my friend ordered the same thing. Ill post a picture of that monstrous delicious burrito. With C.A. written on in sour cream.It was soooooo good.Definitely stop by if you're a late night person like me or just hungry from a long night of bar hopping.
5	I'll preface this review by saying that I love tacos so much that I embroidered one onto the back of my hoodie that I wear all the time. I emblazoned an item of my clothing with a taco... a hand stitched taco... yeah.When I heard that a new Mexican restaurant was opening in my neighborhood I was so stoked I did a little dance. (Just as an fyi: the dance usually involves me shaking my butt and jumping up and down from one leg to the other. If you want to picture it please enjoy yourself at my expense.)My first experience with them wasn't so stellar though. I stopped on my way home and picked up two shredded chicken burritos and a single beef taco. I walk everywhere and by the time I got home with my food purchases: 1. The awful giant styrofoam containers were all broken and sauce like liquid was leaking out of them. & 2. The burritos were sort of... squishy? I don't know if that's the right word. They were... mushy. That's it. They had just been too drenched with sauce. They still tasted great though and both my boyfriend and I loved it. Not to mention they're so big they're two meals for me.My second/third/fourth (you get the idea) trips have been great. We've been trying different burritos and I'm about ready to move onto some combo plates, horchata, and tacos.The girl working the front is (beautiful) always incredibly friendly and the interior is cheerful, bright, and clean. My only disappointment is that they're not open Sundays for my Mexican brunch fix.
3	Last night was my second attempt at enjoying Los Cabos. Sadly, like my first visit, I was disappointed. My food was mediocre (not terrible, but nothing special) and overpriced. I'm glad they lost the Styrofoam plates since the last time I visited, but they still use Styrofoam cups which is kind of a turn off for me as far as restaurants go. However, as others have noted, their service is great and the employees are very friendly. And they offer free chips. Unfortunately, their great service is not enough to make me want to go back. Unless, of course, it's late on a Friday or Saturday night and I'm looking for some greasy food to satisfy my drunken appetite.
3	Tolerable tacos by day; delicious tacos by night. What's the secret ingredient? Your level of intoxication. Deduct two points from your personal achievements scorecard every time you and your friend discuss your authentic taco experiences in the restaurant or staggering down the nearby sidewalk. Deduct one point every time you pause to ponder what defines an authentic taco experience. Deduct three points every time you hear someone else discussing an authentic taco experience and think to yourself that you have a better story. Unlock the First World Taco Problems badge whenever anyone in earshot says "they're so much better in California."
4	I've been here a couple times and hafta say, I like Los Cabos. The restaurant is cheerfully decorated. Service is relatively and the staff is very friendly. I even stopped in one night just as it appeared as they were closing up. However, they very happily took my takeout order and I was on my way.As for the food, it's pretty good. I've had a number of their burritos and soft tacos. I like quesadillas and theirs are no exception. Prices are also very reasonable.
5	I have been religiously coming here for months...simply stated everything is delicious.  Ever since moving to Pittsburgh three years ago, I've been dying for a good Mexican place.  I've had to sustain my Mexican food craving on Chipotle, but then Los Cabos popped up and it's like a whole new world. The people working there are super friendly, it is byob with a six pack shop just down the street, and if that's not enough the food is phenomenal. The menu is exactly like what you would find in San Diego, down to the horchata and carne asada fires.  If you dont know what to get, start with the California burrito.  You cant go wrong with meat and potatoes.  Also, I highly recommend any burrito with fries in it, the chimichanga, and shrimp ceviche.  Come hungry though, the portions are substantial and you will inhale the free chips and salsa they give you while you're waiting for food.
4	Pittsburgh is definitely not well known for its Mexican cuisine.  However, Los Cabos is one of the best and is certainly worth your visit. I've been back in Pittsburgh for a few months now, but tonight was the first time I had heard of, noticed, and tried Los Cabos.  Will I go back?  Absolutely.At a friend's suggestions, I ordered the beef Chimichanga.  And a soda.  I was told that the Chimichanga was going to be huge, so no appetizers for me.  The staff was very friendly and seemed genuinely happy to be on the job.  Once we ordered and sat down, we were given chips and salsa to munch on while we waiting.  That  was a nice perk.  Food arrived a plate or two at a time (there were 6 of us), but that wasn't a huge issue.  My food was last to arrive and when it did come, I was shocked at how huge my $7.95 Chimichanga was.  And man was it tasty.  I couldn't finish it, although it was begging me to finish.  Now I'm not only completely full and satisfied, but I also have lunch for tomorrow.  Go try Los Cabos.  And order the Chimichanga.  Do it.
4	Wohoo, this was good.I have no taco background that would validate (or invalidate) if this place is authentic or what style the tacos were...but here is what I'll tell you.I had a fish taco and it was awesome.  Then I had a carnitas taco, this was even more awesome.  Then I had some of my byobeer, and I loved it all even more.Chips and Salsa and Guacamole all solid.They are very nice and great service.and AND they are open till after the bars close on Saturday nights.  This wasn't when I visited, but I can only imagine that when I eat a taco at 2am there after a night at the Brillobox I will reach a transcendental state of enlightenment.  At least that's my plan.
3	I really wanted to like this place, and at first I was very hopeful. The decor is reminiscent of taquerias out west, and the service was friendly and prompt. Still, I mostly rate a place on the quality of the food and it was decidedly subpar. I tried three different tacos here: chicken, pulled chicken, and carnitas. They were all certainly edible, but the tortillas ruined the experience - they were tough and greasy.On the plus side, the complementary chips and salsa were decent although the salsa wasn't very hot.If I try this place again, I will probably avoid the tacos and try something else.
4	The super friendly staff is half the reason I keeping back to this place. Always good when your in a hurry and on a budget. You can not beat their prices. It doesn't hurt they are open super late either.
2	The food looked much better than it tasted. The salsa tasted like plain tomatoes, and the chicken in my quesadilla was brown and tasteless. Prices are average. I paid about 9 bucks for a medium sized quesadilla and a small drink. My order was also forgotten. The only positive I can think of is the complimentary chips and salsa (despite the average quality of the salsa). Wouldn't go back.
5	I left Los Cabos 4 hours ago.  Four.  And I can't stop thinking about the salad.  What's WRONG with me?The salad in question is the Surf Salad - a combination of grilled mahi mahi, shrimp, avocados and so much deliciousness.  Each bite was better than the last.  Get the dressing on the side - fifty bucks says you won't even touch it; the salad is that good alone.  My mum ordered the fajita salad with steak and was equally impressed with hers. So - BYOB, amazing food and delightful/fast service.  I'm not sure what else to say. Can I become an investor in Los Cabos? Can I marry the cook? Can I move in upstairs?  Eh, I guess I'll just settle for dining here as often as humanly possible.  Da-a-a-mn.
4	With my deep love of Mexican food, I'm surprised I hadn't made it here yet.  Glad I finally made the trip because it was well worth it!The menu is huge with lots of your favorites peppered in with some very Americanized accents (burrito's with fries inside, holy American batman!).  I choose the shrimp burrito.  Here's the key to a fantastic shrimp burrito, and it's a simple one.  Don't scrimp on the shrimp!Good thing they know me (they don't) because it was PACKED with big juicy shrimp!  Not even those puny frozen kind, the real deal!  I was pleasantly surprised and delighted with the shrimp, plus rice, beans and cheese.  Delicious!  But I must admit the star of the show for me was the guacamole.  Gauc seems like it would be so simple to make yet it's so easy to mess up.  Too mushy, no taste, etc.  This gauc was the real deal!  It was probably the best gauc I've sampled at a Mexi restaurant in the city!  There, I said it!  I'd come here just to sample some chips and gauc if I was craving it (or not craving it and just loving it!).  I'm also currently in love with the Jarritos Pineapple Mexican soda drink, which they carry.  So I'll be grabbing me a soda and gauc here in the near future, don't you worry!!
5	Darren and I came here last week, and I loved their taco platter. The interiors are modern, ethnic, and hip. I could see this becoming a go-to place for us since Darren works in the area.
5	A simple environment with incredibly delicious food. Los Cabos is an utterly unpretentious establishment with a great value for money. The staff seems to genuinely care about their patrons, and the food is authentic and wholly enjoyable. This is not a Michelin starred, tablecloth-ed fine dining experience, but for what it is, a good, economical neighborhood place, it can't be beat.
3	This place is certainly three stars in my book, but I plan on coming back.The first time I got the carne asada chips/nachos.  I was pretty excited about the concept of steak and melted cheese served on chips.  Unfortunately, the blandness of the beans canceled out the delicious marinade of the carne asada; leaving me with a pretty bland dish since there wasn't anything else on the enormous platter to kick things up a notch.They did a decent job on the quesadilla--so far the best I've had in Pittsburgh.  They actually put some flavor in there and crisped up the tortilla.Most recently I got the chimichanga, which was a big step up in flavor compared to the carne asada chips.  It wasn't quite as crispy or overflowing with cheese like I'm used to with my TexMex favorite, but it was pretty respectable.  Peppers, delicious marinated beef, and pico made this a worth while adventure.In the end, the food is good enough that I would come back--maybe during lunch hour--but I probably wouldn't go out of my way to take an out of town guest there.And Yelp, CAN YOU PLEASE ADD COMMON MEXICAN FOOD TERMS TO YOUR SPELL CHECK?
4	This place is great.Reminds me of all the mexican places I went to while I was living in Vegas.  The chile relleno was amazing.  Great flavor and good balance.  Wasn't as impressed with the super nachos.  Don't know if it was a one time thing or not but the chips seemed to be on the stale side.  We will definitely be going back.
4	Food was okay. I was not blown away.  My husband really liked his burrito though.   The girl serving at the counter was very nice.  I would try it again.
3	My always happy to see a new Mexican Restaurant in town. The service was fast and friendly and the guacamole was good. Unfortunately, the chile rellenos were small and covered in way too much breading. I'll probably stop back if in the area, but wouldn't make a special trip.
4	I've found, to my disappointment, that Pittsburgh and Mexican food generally don't mix. Let me give you a heads up and say that I did recently move from TX, so make of my comment what you will. However, having moved from TX, I feel like my opinion should count for something, right? ; ) I always order a chicken quesadilla from all the new Mexican restaurants I try. It's my go to dish for determining whether I'll be back. While other Mexican(y) restaurants here have failed to deliver on the quesadilla front, Los Cabos has not. Their chicken quesadilla was nicely flavored and had a crispy tortilla shell....just the way they served it in TX! Granted, it's probably not the best tasting quesadilla I've ever had, but it's definitely the best I've tried in Pittsburgh! I also appreciate that they throw in a free basket of chips and salsa with your order (what's with the whole charging for a basket of chips? I've never seen that until I moved here!). I've tried their queso and while it wasn't bad tasting, it wasn't what I was expecting. It was more of a salsa/cheese mix than a creamy, thick, cheese sauce. I think I'll pass on the queso next time I'm there and try their guac instead. If you go, just keep in mind this place is more of a order at the front, seat yourself, grab your own drink kind of place (think Panera) instead of an actual sit down restaurant with a bar. So while I'm still in search of a great tasting Margarita here in the 'Burgh, I at least know exactly where to go to get my fill of Mexican food.
3	A very solid fast-food Mexican establishment.  Los Cabos serves up quick Mexican food at a very reasonable price.  During my visit here I tried the cheese enchilada combo.  The meal came out hot; however, I noticed that the tortillas used for the enchiladas were somewhat stale at the edges.  Serving sizes were generous and overall service at the restaurant is fantastic.  Chips come complementary with your meal.  While the actual tortilla chips are solid, the salsa is a standard watery roja-type concoction used in many other Mexican restaurants.  Overall my initial impression is that Los Cabos is a quick, cheap and solid establishment, but certainly nothing to write home about.  I will be sure to give this place another shot in the near future.
3	I have always wanted to stop in here as I ride my bike past here more than drive in the area, why does that mean that I can't stop in on my bike??? I don't know, but anyhow I came for my first time today with my special lady. I don't know why but I was slightly agro that I couldn't find parking, I have to say it was sort of tight. We came in right before the lunch rush and were greated by a nice lady and she was kind enough to answer my barrage of questions. The menu is extensive and I really didn't know what to get so we both went with combos which I think are a pretty good deal for what you get quantity wise. To sum up everything we tried: tostadas and chicken enchilada combo, I thought that the tostada was pretty good but the enchilada was definitely lacking. Why was the enchilada lacking? red sauce was pretty weak, almost as if it was straight out of the can. The rice was ehhh and beans were slightly bland. You might ask what do I want out of my rice and beans? Ahhh For them not to be ehhh, the rice to not be super dry and the beans to be flavorful. Also the chips and salsa???? What's up with that, they were cold,really cold. If you are going to have fresh chips, serve them fresh... not sitting in the ambient air of the cold entry area soaking up staleness. we also tried the beef taco which was good,extremely juicey. and Chile Relleno which was also tasty.  I will come back and give it another whirl maybe I'm not ordering the right stuff or coming at the right time. I wish this place would have blown me away. Any suggestions????
1	How hard is it to make Mexican Food filled with flavor?  Such simple ingredients shouldn't be so difficult - rice, beans, tortilla shells...but you'd be surprised how bland these ingredients can be in the wrong hands.I tried the Pittsburgh version of the California burrito and my friend had the fish tacos.  Even though there were supposed to be other ingredients the only thing I tasted was the heavy portion of carne asada and fries...maybe  a little cheese.  No Guac, no salsa to be seen.  I did like the crunch and flavor of the corn chips but the salsa needed about 1/2 bottle of Tapatio to give it some flavor and spice.  The best part of the burrito was the grilled tortilla shell which gave the burrito some crunch.My friend's fish tacos were also lacking in the flavor department - he decided to also dose it in Tapatio and then cut up the taco and mix it with the side of rice and beans.So no matter how late or drunk you are - pass by go and do not stop at Los Cabos.
2	a worthy compliment to ritter's on the other side of bloomfield.  a two word (three with contraction?) summation: it's open
5	I lived in San Diego for 8 years and LA for 9 more.  This place is indeed Socall mex food.  The prices are on par with the non-chain mexican food restaurants places in San Diego, and the quality is just as good too.  I am really glad this restaurant is here in Pittsburgh.   Keep up the great food, kind service, and salsa.  If you want to take this place for a spin, then just try the bean and cheese burrito... simple perfection.  My kids love it here too.  The staff lets the kids order a bunch of fried fish and french fries a la carte... excellent.
4	I would definitely come here again
2	3.0 / 5 - Fish Taco1.0 / 5 - Carnitas: Dry1.5 / 5 - Carne Asada: Decent0.5 / 5 - pollo asada: Tasteless
4	Great place in Lawrenceville - just across the street from Children's!Menu is a bit overwhelming, but nothing different from most mexican places - there are infinite ways you can mix it up with different proteins and sides here! Food has always been awesome whenever I've been here - proper portions (not too big, but not too small either...) served at the correct temperature, and full of wonderful flavor. My personal favorite - carnitas burrito. Good GOD, it is delicious!Chips and salsa or guac are great - I've always liked chatting with the owners about their business; it's clear they have a passion for this, and I am always happy to do my part to keep their dream alive by enjoying their awesome food.I know everyone loves BYOB, but I will say this - having Corona, Negra Modelo, or Simpatico in the fridge would bump you up a star in my book!Will definitely be back...
5	Carnitas Burrito- Good God- It is delicious!I concur!
4	I ordered delivery through them from Wheel Delivery, so I can't attest to the atmosphere of the actual restaurant, but the food was decent. I moved here from San Diego a few months ago and it's been hard to find Mexican food that's been up to par. That being said, that's the only reason this place didn't get 5 stars from me- I'm conditioned to knowing what authentic Mexican food tastes like, and it wasn't quite at that level.BUT ...I think it's a good substitute and the best I've had in Pittsburgh, and I'll definitely be ordering from them again.Pros:Fresh tortillasGreat salsaBig menu with west coast optionsCons:Fish tacos pretty much fall apart in your hands (although they're delicious)Carne asada in the California burrito was a bit too much like ground beefBacon in breakfast burrito was undercooked and fatty
4	I love Los Cabos! I usually get their burritos and they are all fantastic. When you eat in they bring you freshly made chips and salsa. The only downfalls to this place are that: 1. Service is terrible on Fridays, seriously you will wait for a while (still worth it) and 2. They are closed on Sundays.
4	Los Cabos is definitely one of the better places to get Mexican food in Pittsburgh. I used to go there at least twice a week when they originally opened. The prices were very reasonable, the service was great, and the food was incredible. Recently, I go there with some caution. I've had a few instances where the owners/managers and regular cooks were not there, and the service and food was noticeably worse. I believe that I once waited about 20 minutes for a burrito, which I found to be really strange. However, other times that I go the food comes out extremely fast and tastes amazing. The menu is extensive, which is great. They recently raised their prices though, so you can end up paying up to about $9 for a burrito FYI. I would recommend this place, but go there knowing that there's a small chance you will be disappointed (although I hope not!).
5	California Surfing Burrito. Awesome stuff. Very close to what you'd find in Southern California .
4	I do like the shrimp burrito and was happy they carried Jarritos Tamarindo, which is my favorite. The price makes this place and the quick service make this  a well made fast food place. As much as I liked it I didn't really love it and would just as easily go to Qdoba or Chipotle.
4	Great food, even better service! The atmosphere is relaxed and just what I was looking for to have a quick meal. The prices are great too!
2	The food ranges between good and just OK. I like it as a wheel deliver option except that the consistency is terrible. Sometimes you'll pay for a side of fries and get about 10, other times a nice-sized container. Same with the side of sour cream. It'll be $0.50 for a teaspoon half the time. Food quality is similarly inconsistent I'd give it 4 or 5 stars if they learned to be consistent.
4	California Burrito keeps me coming back. not every dish is made the same way every time but it is always good. Would be 5 stars but sometimes service is inexplicably slow. please add chorizo hash to menu!
5	Amazing burritos.  Some interesting flavour combinations in there, and everything works together wonderfully.  So very, very delicious.  And just a personal tip, I'd highly recommend everyone try the surf and turf burrito.  You'll be doing yourself a favour, I promise!
4	Fish tacos are excellent. Burritos generous and full of flavor. Chips & guacamole are excellent as well. A regular stop.
3	2.5 rounding upMy dinner companion and I went for some take out, he ordered the chili rellano burrito which is exactly what I wanted to order. When I said "make that two", my friend suggested we just shared. Okay, I  thought. I  have a pretty  healthy appetite so I ordered a side of chips and salsa. When we got back to his place and started to eat, I noticed that the chips were greasy and stale and the burrito was swimming in sauce, making the tortilla a soggy mess. I was hesitant to try it, but I did and it was pretty damn good. The burrito was indeed big enough to feed the both of us and the excess sauce went great with the chips.If I were in the area and craving mex, I would possibly go back, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
5	This was a good week for food.Great Mexican food, I think I'm swayed by free salsa and chips. For a place that isn't really conducive to sitting down and eating (seems less like a restaurant and more like a takeout) I was surprised by the presentation of the food as well as the pleasant service.  It had all the benefits of being a quick to go restaurant and a proper sit down. +Speedy +Cheap+Huge portions to last for days+Pleasant staff +Complementary chips and salsa (really got me) +Relatively Clean and Quiet +Convenient Nothing to hate.
3	I stopped in today because I was tired of the hospital food across the way and had been eyeing up their food on here.  It's a very intimate place without any hint of intimacy.   Saying it is tiny and lacks atmosphere is a more accurate representation.   I got my food to go so maybe the real flair is in the presentation of the meals.  I ordered the fish tacos, the carne asada fries and an order of churros for a total of 23.00 and change.  The carne asada fries looked great with the exception of the guacamole.   I'm not a huge fan of guacamole but at times I'll try it when it looks fresh and chunky.  This stuff was thin and watery which made it very tough to remove from the meal.  The remainder was good but nothing spectacular.  The fish tacos got mixed reviews but I found them to be better than expected.  I would certainly have them again.  The refried beans and rice that came with them were also very good.  The highlight of the meal was the churros.   It's just a shame that an order is only 3 pieces because I would of bought a second order if I had known.  Don't judge me for that.  I'm sure this place has a few highlight dishes and if it was closer to my home I'd be tempted to try a few more items and see what gems they have to offer.
3	Pretty under-whelmed by this place and surprised by the reviews.  Ordered the fish tacos and a combo plate with .  Both dishes were pretty overpriced, in our opinion.  The fish in the fish taco was pretty dinky sized and mostly fried breading.  You can't really mess up fish tacos though, so taste wise it was fine.  Shredded cabbage and a lot of sauce.Combo plate again was on the small side and just ok.Chips were pretty good, but I wasn't a fan of the salsa.  It was pretty thin and a little bit tangy/sweet?  I couldn't quite place the taste, but i wasn't a huge fan.It wasn't horrible.  It was just kind of disappointing and kind of overpriced.  Perhaps we ordered wrong.  If we ever give it another try, I think we'll go with the Carne Asada fries and burrito.
4	As a San Diego transplant in Pittsburgh, learning about Los Cabos during my sophomore year was a godsend. No longer did I have to wait until winter break to reunite with my beloved California Burrito :')With that being said, get the California Burrito! I haven't tried anything else here besides that and the Carne Asada Fries (alright, but not up to SoCal standards). The California Burrito has carne asada, cheese, sour cream, guac, and fries (don't remember if you have to ask for guac or not, but do it just to be safe). Downside is that sometimes they have horchata and sometimes they don't - better always to have it than not.
4	Like some of the other reviewers, I am also from Southern California and it has changed my view of Mexican food forever. I've tried quite a few Mexican food places since I've been in Pittsburgh and Los Cabos is one of my favorites. The people who work there are always friendly, and they offer free chips and salsa when you dine-in. The fish tacos are AWESOME and the enchiladas, quesadillas, and all other tacos are great as well. I'm sure I could recommend more, but I usually get the fish tacos and only occasionally try other food options.
5	A gem of this city. If you understand and appreciate southwest-style Mexican food, you'd wanna give this place 6 stars. Honestly, I have not had a better burrito outside of Southern California or Arizona than what I get at Los Cabos. (And I've lived in Chicago, Texas and all over the east coast). With that said, if you're looking for a trendy date night/ hot spot, this is probably not it.
