4	Lychee lemonade and fried chicken- island style!I've been stalking this place since their signage went up in the Trader Joe's plaza months ago- they finally opened to the public today! Mochiko chicken is a Japanese-Hawaiian fried chicken that is marinated for 24 hours and breaded in sweet rice flour prior to frying. (According to Wikipedia)Menu offers a few plates, bowls, and salads-  basic menu with different dipping sauces and a la carte chicken options. Ordered The Cali plate: two pieces of chicken, fries and coleslaw, with a Hawaiian roll and a drink. Interior is minimalist and modern with neutral colors, save for a beach painting on one wall.The fried chicken here tastes more baked than fried, and has a slight sweetness with good crunch and a very fine breading. Dipping sauce was light yet flavorful. Fries are lightly seasoned, similar to a Cajun style. Coleslaw is not mayo-based which automatically made me like it over other varieties, and roll was soft and sweet.But what really makes them stand out are the service and the lychee lemonade- Sandra was super friendly and upbeat, running the counter and telling me about the company. They are also getting word out about their opening with jelly bracelets supporting breast cancer research, as she is a survivor. The lychee lemonade is alongside the other fountain drink options in a tea dispenser, and it will. blow. your. mind! The sweetness of lychee with the slight tartness of lemon, I would probably bathe myself in this delicious drink. Be sure to get it when you go!
5	We have been waiting for Mochiko Chicken to open up for a few months now and, like other reviewers said, it was worth the wait! The chicken is super juicy and the sauces are different but taste great (for those not so adventurous, they have ranch and ketchup too). The restaurant has a modern decor and they keep it super clean. Sandra and Jerry, the owners, used to own a successful food truck and you can tell they know what they're doing. They are super friendly which gives Mochiko Chicken a small town feel with big city tastes. Give them a shot and support this local small business!
4	For a resturaunt that specializes in chicken tenders, they have an excellent lychee lemonade. It has a very strong lychee scent and is very sweet for a lemonade. Not as much lemon tart as i expected. Still refreshing. Anyways, the ckicken is pretty fresh, they're battered with rice flour and remain juicy on the inside. The exterior has a nice good crunch. Their fries are similar, crunchy on the outside, relatively fluffy on the inside. The fries are also lightly salted. I didn't have much of the coleslaw, so I can't review that properly.I tried the eurosauce, their house mochiko sauce and the sriracha sambal aioli. Starting at the top of that list, the Eurosauce... Its a very creamy, mayo-esque number with tart "creamy" feel that sits in the throat. Its similar to tartar sauce. The namesake sauce, mochiko sauce, is a creamy sweet sauce. It has hints of smokyness, garlic, and a peppery taste. Finally, the sriracha samval aioli, to me its mayo + sriracha, and I like sriracha. This is their second day of operation and its already pretty smooth. Service was quick and the owners are on-site. They also have this quirky door that's got a shutter... And opens!Using the restroom requires a key, just ask at the counter. A touch inconvenient.
5	I was gonna wait to post my review but just couldn't wait! This place is awesome we got the Ohana and  the hawaiian hen house with veggies on the side and gave all their sauces a try. WOW! is all I can say, the mochiko chicken was so tender and juicy it was crazy. The mochiko breading was flavorful and brought back memories from back home in hawaii. Not the same because they have their own twist but it is great!! The hawaiian hen house is grilled chicken with mochiko sauce, rice, and an egg. This is food crack lol! It is addicting and worth the trip wherever you are coming from. The veggies were cooked perfectly and were very tasty, the sauces are all great and everyone has their own preferences, I prefer from best to least favorite are Polynesian,  sriracha,  mochiko, ranch,  and the euro. I could tell you what they taste like but whats the fun in that?? I'll leave that up to you to try them all when you get there to see whats your favorite. Then there's the Lychee lemonade,  yes LYCHEE!!!! This is worth going here just by itself, sweet lychee with lemonade. Not harsh, bitter, or sour. It's sweet, smooth, and very addicting. This is a place I will definitely be back to over and over. They just opened and is still figuring stuff out, please give this place a try and you will not be disappointed.  Have a chat with Sandra (the owner) she is a very nice person and will love having a chat about your thoughts and will appreciate the feedback. This place is gonna turn into a foodie spot for sure and will be a place to bring friends and family from out of town to! Great job Mochiko chicken!
4	This place popped up on my Facebook page yesterday so I thought Why not! I was greeted as soon as I walked in. I ordered The Ohana and The Mandarin.  First "The Ohana" OH MY GOODNESS!!! So juicy and flavorful , lite crunch on the breading. I decided to share with my friend and her Mom. We ate the chicken and forgot to dip it in the sauce. Fries excellent also. The "mandarin" great as well. Next time I will try it with the chicken on top. Overall I had a very nice experience. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because I haven't tried everything yet. Hmmmm...... Guess I have to go back ;-)
4	This place showed up on Elite Emily's bookmarks as "Asian/Pacific Fusion," but it showed a picture of chicken strips.Good enough for me!This place is in the Trader Joe's plaza, which I would have never found myself if Emily wasn't driving. The place is small and still looks new... because it IS new! Only open four days, and they're already killin' it!I ordered the Ohana combo, while she got the Hawaiian Hen House, but we had already planned on sharing. The Ohana combo is four chicken strips, fries, coleslaw, a Hawaiian Roll, and a drink for $10. These are four GIANT chicken strips though... lightly breaded so it's crunchy but you still get the full flavor of the chicken, which was one of the best chicken strips I've had in a good long time. They were plump and juicy -- no dried out strips here! The fries also had an excellent amount of crunch.They gave us a little bit of each sauce to try out, which was really nice, and this is where I got nervous, because some people get weird with sauce. (I'm looking at you, Rubio's... WHY YOU GOTTA DROWN EVERYTHING IN YOUR CRAPPY LIME CREAM SAUCE???!? But I digress...) My favorite was the Polynesian sauce, which was sweet and unlike anything I ever tasted. I should have asked what was in it, but I was too busy licking it off my fingers. The Sriachia sauce (I'm sure I misspelled that) was sweet but spicy at the same time, and wound up being Elite Emily's fave.The Hawaiian Hen House was our other dish, great for someone who doesn't want fried foods. It was their chicken, grilled and chopped, served over rice with sesame seeds, a fried egg, and the aforementioned Polynesian sauce. It was ridiculous good. So good I have the leftovers and I'm super excited to eat it again. Who gets excited for leftovers, really? But I am. The sauce was sweet but not overwhelming, and like their strips, their grilled chicken is plump and juicy. The only downside to this was that the fried egg wasn't fried hard enough for either of our liking, but we were informed later that if we request a harder fried egg they have no problem doing it, so that's a nice save.The staff was awesome! The counter girl was chipper, the girl who brought it to our table was nice and pointed everything out to us, and Jerry (the owner, maybe?) came out to us to chat about the food and what we liked and didn't like, and he seems really passionate about this place.We're already planning what we want on our next trip! It's a nice little secret gem but I don't anticipate it being secret for too much longer!
4	I ordered The Bento Box. The chicken fingers were big and yummy, and the french fries were deliciously crispy. If the prices for the chicken finger meals were a couple dollars lower, I would come here more often.
4	Ordered The Hawaiian Hen House. Awesome BBQ chicken in a bowl. The fried egg is perfect when the egg yolk was cracked and a sauce was created to blend all the flavors. Reminiscent of Oyaku Don buri.
5	I'm determined to try everything on the menu here. The mochiko fried chicken strips are amazing not too greasy. The meat is tender and juicy and the breading is perfectly crispy. The fries are crispy and nicely seasoned. My favorite thing is to mix the mochiko sauce with srirachia and dip everything in it.
5	The wife and I were looking for a new spot to eat for lunch. We have heard about the upcoming Mochiko Chicken concept opening soon so we went on the second day they opened. We were not disappointed, as the service has a very personal touch. The chicken tenders are the best you can buy- nothing like it anywhere else! (we tried raising kanes and they are dry and flavorless). Lychee lemonade is very tasty (although I felt that it could use lemon). The chicken is so good, however, I felt that there should be a bone-in option as well. In the end, I note a few things. The place is small, but gives you the feeling that they will go above and beyond for a guest. Friendly staff and owner is clearly a big part of daily operation. I was lucky enough to be waited on by the owner (Jerry) and he was anxious and more than helpful with all of our questions. I strongly recommend trying Mochiko, you will not be disappointed- Oh and pro-tip: ask for a sunny up egg on your rice bowl/ ENJOY!
5	I think I just fell in love with the Mochiko Bowl. LOL. So good! Loved the lychee lemonade. Once again their customer service was excellent. Make sure to get your hands on the stamp card. It's more like a signature card, really. Buy 10 get 1 dish free.
4	Super friendly and immaculately clean.  Probably the best and definitely crispiest fried chicken in LV. Delicious french fries too. Prices are great, portions are large and the ingredients are so fresh. Gotta go back for more items
5	Went back today and had the Mochiko bowl w/ veggies. Oh My!!! So much FLAVOR. Also very filling. Yeah definite 5 stars. A good treat for myself after a hard day at work.
5	A new fave! What's better than awesome, delicious, fresh food when you're so famished from searching the endless stacks of books at The Amber Unicorn? I had their take on a cobb salad with grilled chicken and a perfectly fried over medium egg. The only thing that I wasnt thrilled with was the salad dressing, but luckily my lunch companion for the day is a straight sriracha kind of a fella, so he handed over the sauce from his chicken fingers, which i had no qualms about slopping all over my salad. SO GOOD. The customer service was excellent, the food so delightfully tasty, what a gem. Can't wait to go back!
5	The chicken is so good and cooked just right.  All their sauces are excellent and love their liche lemonade.  They also have excellent customer service.
4	I came here on my lunch because it's the closest walking distance restaurant in the area. My lunch is 30 minutes and by the time I had got there 5 minutes were gone already. They take my order and I go sit down. Watching my clock, I had just wasted my entire lunch on nothing. As I walked to the counter she told me it was going to be 6 more minutes so I asked for a refund. I went back to work disappointed to say the least. I walked back later on after I left work and the lady did remember me. She even brought up my order from before and asked if I wanted the same thing and put my order in again. She gave me 20% off for the trouble which was great because it was my birthday. Although it's a new business, I definitely enjoy their chicken. Their menu is small so far, but they say specials are coming soon. If you ask me, the grilled chicken bowls are better than the tenders. I've only had the mochiko sauce, but I know that if the rest of them are as fantastic as it is, I'll love them all. I totally recommend trying this at least once.
3	Mochiko Chicken is a cute little spot for inexpensive chicken strips and chicken bowls. I arrived on the fourth day they were open and service was superb. The owners and staff really care and wanted genuine feedback to make their restaurant better.My friend and I ordered the four piece chicken strip meal, the Ohana, and the Hawaiian Hen House, a grilled chicken bowl with rice. The strips are meaty and lightly battered. They are enormous, so a great value for the price. They aren't really mochiko style chicken, but are good. The chicken bowl wasn't very exciting. The chicken was good, but the flavors were on the bland side and I had to add some cole slaw to make it more interesting flavor-wise. The lychee lemonade was subtle, but a little sweeter than I would have liked. Still good, though.The prices, portions and service were great, so I'm happy to come back again soon to try more menu items.
5	Awesome food... can't get enough. If you're looking for a great deal and great tasting food try Mochiko Chicken. They should bottle those sauces... just sayin.
5	What an amazing place by chance someone introduced us to. Very fresh good, great homemade lychee water and you walk out full! We had a large group and everyone ordered different dishes and couldn't help but share. And the owners were gracious hosts. Can't wait to get back. The boys from the Coral Academy Basketball Team is looking forward to our next trip there.
5	Excellent customer service! I had the Big Island Style Mochiko Chicken bowl....it was tasty! My family had the tenders & enjoyed every single piece. Thanks to Jerry & his wife for packing up sampler sauces for my family to taste...hubby gives each one 2 thumbs up. Our kids drank up the lychee lemonade it is a must have! Portions are huge & worth the price. We will definitely be back!
4	Working with fellow Yelpers has it's advantages when it comes to finding a place to venture to for the midday meal.  Someone always says "hey check out this new place I found on Yelp." This day was no exception. As we are wrapping up the morning tasks and preparing to lock things up and head out, my partner mentions "Mochiko Chicken." There is definitely not a lot of fan fare upon entry. However, this place was spotless and boasts one of the most unique looking menu boards I've ever seen. It was kind of like checking flight status on the monitors at the airport. I opted for the Ohana Combo, which is chicken fingers and french fries. You have the option of rice instead of fries, but I am a FFF (french fry fanatic) and opt for the golden fried goodness every opportunity I get. Hands down, the best chicken fingers ever! A light and cripsy breading surrounds plump and juicy chicken. They have a variety of sauces to choose from. I went with the namesake, Mochiko sauce. More on the creamy side, as opposed to thick and rich, it was full of flavor and a great compliment to the fingers. The fries were crisp and tasty served hot to the touch. I did not partake in the Lycee Lemonade, but those in our party that did were impressed. We arrived shortly before the "typical lunch hour" began, so there was no waiting. We ordered promptly and our food was out quickly. It got a little busier as it got closer to the noon hour. Great food, great service, and probably the cleanest eatery I have seen in a long time. A return trip to Mochiko is as good as done.
5	I can't wait to go back! The chicken was incredible (in all of our bowls) you can't go wrong. If you like spicy... go with the Srirachi bowl. To add vegge stir fry is only an additional dollar. I'm excited to try the chicken fingers next time-and the selection of dipper sauces all look incredible. I had the Polynesian sauce on my Hawaiian Hen House bowl. It was very good. First time having Lychee Lemonade and it was DELISH! (and I don't tend to like lemonade) We are already planning our next trip from the office there for lunch. AND I can't forget the great service. Quick, friendly AND attentive. So nice to have a GOOD new place to grab lunch near work...
5	This place was very delicious. Service was great.The Sarachi bowl with veggies and Mochico bowls had amazing sauces. I will definitely be coming back.
4	*Food: 3 Stars* Service: 4 Stars* My daughter & I stopped in for lunch. We both had a Mochiko Chicken Bowl with Side Veggies. It was okay,   It would have been better if the chicken was pounded out thinner and if the  veggies were not over cooked & mushy but that's just our preference. If you like lychee then you have to try the Lychee Lemonade.  It's more lychee  than lemonade though but still yummy!  Restaurant Is cute & clean and service was excellent!
5	By far the BEST chicken tenders in town!! You'll throw rocks at Canes after you try Mochiko Chicken. Do yourself a favor and get down there...you won't be disappointed! Don't forget to wash down your chicken with their famous lychee lemonade!
4	I tried this place for lunch and was actually surprised.  I had a sriracha bowl, which is a rice bowl with chicken tossed in a chimmichurri sauce over rice and topped with a sriracha cream sauce.  They offered veggies for an extra price, come on for 10 bucks you should include the veggies since your using dried herbs for your chimmichurri. On to the chicken bowl it was great when I got some chicken that wasn't soaked in the sriracha sauce.  The chimmichurri and the sriracha just didn't work for me as a combination.  Rice was cooked almost perfectly, and I love me some well cooked rice.  So the bowl was not perfect for me but if it didn't have the sriracha sauce and only the chimmichurri it would have been.  Now they also have a lychee lemonade if you like lychee I recommend stealing their whole container of it and let me know when you do it so I can walk in there when they are busy and do it the next day
5	What a GREAT find. Went there for lunch after receiving a link to their website from a friend. The restaurant is small and clean. The service was excellent. The food was amazing. I had the mochiko bowl. The chicken was grilled perfectly with a flavor that was delectable. The rice was fluffy and the vegetables were ohhhh so good. I tried my friend's chicken tenders. MMMMM MMMMM GOOD! The servings are plentiful. I usually complain about how much food restaurants serve, but I won't complain here because I was more than happy to take some home for later. The place was busy and since most of the customers were new, they had many questions about the food. I'm sure this place will be a big hit,
5	This is one of the best restaurant I have eaten at.  The food was fresh and very delicious.  Beside the food, the service was great you can't beat that.  I would recommend this restaurant to everyone.
5	I'm impressed! Somewhat comparable to Teriyaki madness but so much better! They have kicked up chicken bowls & chicken strips from heaven. My daughter got the Ohana (chicken strips, fries, Hawaiian roll & coleslaw), she devoured it. Huge portions for a reasonable price. Everything was seasoned to perfection and our food was prepared lightning fast. Did I mention the lychee lemonade? Wow, don't even bother with soda here. Try it, you'll love it! Great service too. Very friendly and welcoming. As The Terminator would say: "I'll Be Back!" ; )
5	This is upscale fare for a high value price, prepared lovingly by a pair of Las Vegas treasures, Sandra & Jerry and their crew. Quality and integrity and attention to detail is their "mantra." Their heart and soul reverberates in every bite. Yes, I am biased because Sandra & Jerry are my friends. But, wait, EVERYONE is their friends. They are such genuinely nice and caring and community and family oriented people that they invariably reach out to everyone with a smile, a sincere desire to please and to serve, a quest for perfection, striving along the way for honest feedback and learning how to give the public what they want in a helpful, healthful manner.This is a wonderful story of a loving native of Slovakia [who recently became an American citizen] uniting with a Hawaiian of Filipino heritage who have striven their way up the "food chain" of American small business, toward ever greater success. Starting with a food cart, they have scaled up their operations to this, their first sit down restaurant, by SERVING the public in every sense of the word.Their srirachi chicken with steamed vegetables reflects their quintessential American LOVE story in every morsel. So does every dish here.And there are multiple levels of LOVE in "play." Clearly Sandra and Jerry's love glows - as does their love of service, their love of Las Vegas, their love of what they have achieved, their love for their dreams to continue to grow and to expand their loving influence via their culinary offerings.The place is unassuming and spotless, simple yet full of high tech innovations. Fast and efficient yet full of special fare which is full of thoughtful ingredients and preparation.But, perhaps, what struck me most and what touched my heart most palpably was when Sandra sat down and shared with me her story of how she and Jerry chose their location in the Trader Joes off OBannon & Decatur, next door to the Telus call center. Turns out that their bimonthly visits to that Telus call center parking lot next door created such a ravid following that those call center employees literally insisted, not just encouraged, this wonderful American LOVE story couple to open up business next door.Call center employees.  Think about THAT! Get it? Everyday people with relatively minimal disposal income INSISTING that a restaurant open up so that they could visit daily with their hard earned money.I cannot think of a more revealing scenario and of a more tangible example of the value that Jerry and Sandra are offering to this community than the fact that call center employees knew they would serve them best.These are owners who assuredly and deservedly will continue to grow and to evolve and who will continue to grow in their following and success.  But their roots are with the underserved, the hard working little guys who must by necessity watch every penny. And they serve them best.What more can I say - I just LOVE what they do. ,,, and, especially HOW and WHY they do it.
5	OMG! Best chicken EVER!  You must go immediately. Mochiko sauce and sriacha sauce are perfect with the chicken tenders!
1	Mediocre at best. Overpriced grill chicken over rice. There's not even an option for brown rice. Was really excited was the reviews. This will be our first and last time here. Family of 4 cost about $30.  Better off going to Braddah's Hawaiian food by Rainbow and Sahara. You won't be disappointed.
5	I don't think I've ever written a review before but I have to on this one because this is absolutely my new favorite restaurant!!! The food is always prepared fresh and hot. The owners are fabulous...friendly and caring. I love the mochiko bowl so much I literally crave it and it is quite enough food for two meals for me! Great quality and great price if you haven't tried it you're missing out so hurry up and get over there!!! And don't forget to try the lychee lemonade...oh my yummy!
4	I travel to Las Vegas monthly and know that the best places to eat are not on the Strip. I was looking for something different and this place was on Yelp. Food was great. I had the chicken bowl with a fried egg. Was not sure what to expect ... Very interesting. I would order this again but my plan is to try other items next time. The best places to eat are away from the strip and this is one of those places.
3	Every time I went to Trader Joe's, I was curious what Mochiko Chicken had to offer. A quick glance at its Yelp ratings showed promise with affordable prices and even a check-in offer for $1 off. The most impressive aspect of Mochiko was probably the clean and simple interior. As with the decor, the menu is relatively simple and straightforward. It offers Mochiko fried chicken and different types of chicken and rice bowls. I tried the signature Mochiko rice bowl and was unimpressed. As a base option, you only get a big bowl of rice topped with grilled chicken and sauce for $7.99. The addition of stir-fry vegetables and a fried egg would've put the entire meal over $10. This is meal that could easily be replicated at home sans the mochiko sauce. I tried some of the Big Island Style bowl and found it to be over sauced, which drenched the rice in saltiness. The fried chicken on top of that bowl was reminiscent of the frozen fried bourbon chicken from Costco. Lastly, the lychee lemonade was unimpressive. I've had a better version in LA with fresh mint at the bottom of every cup. The staff was friendly and I liked the concept, but the chicken rice bowls need to have more included.
4	I could be a fan of this place just based on how super sweet the owner Sandra is - I adore her! I think that Mochiko is a great place to get a really generous portion of huge fried chicken breast tenders at a reasonable price. But I have to mention that if you're from Hawaii like I am, the name is kind of misleading since this isn't mochiko chicken as we know it. This chicken is dredged and fried in rice flour (mochiko) vs regular flour, but mochiko chicken is supposed to be marinated overnight in basically a teriyaki/mochiko slurry then fried - it's sweet, salty, crispy & delish. So although I think that they make great chicken tenders, I personally don't really consider it "mochiko chicken", but that's me.  So as chicken tenders, I think these are good on value and quality - each piece is at least twice the size of raising cane's sometimes laughably small pieces. The chicken was juicy, lightly crispy and not at all greasy both times. I'm a fatty but I was full from just 2 pieces. I had it with rice the first time, fries the 2nd - fries were seasoned but kind of soggy, so I'm sticking with rice from now. I accidentally spilled most of my sriracha sambal aioli onto my rice and it actually goes together really well all mixed up. I think that's my fav sauce so far, but I also liked the mandarin sweet chili. I figured it would be the usual bottled thai chili sauce, but chef maybe makes it from scratch? There were tiny pieces of candied orange peel like he added marmalade - it was a nice surprise.I rarely drink anything while eating, because...I don't know why. But I can't resist their lychee lemonade - I even got a refill. It's more lychee than lemonade - a big cup of sugary goodness, a lot like Hawaiian Sun drinks. I really shouldn't, but I may have to stop in at least for a cup of this after any TJ visit.
5	good place to cool off and have a better than average chicken bowl. better than casino food.
3	There is limited seating in this small venue. The lychee lemonade is refreshing, but add ice so that it's cold. I ordered the Srirachi bowl, but I tried and preferred the Hawaiian bowl. The sauces are diverse. Ask the cashier if you can sample the sauces. It just so happened that the cashier was also the owner. She was very nice! She made sure everyone liked their orders and even gave me a sauce for free! The price is reasonable. Even though there is a small menu, each fish is very different. Can't wait to try something new next time!
2	We ordered the Mochiko bowl and Srirachi Bowl. We liked it, kids finished their bowl, the only thing is that I wish they didn't use frozen vegetable. 2 stars for the frozen veggies. The food is actually very tasty!
4	Great food, nice atmosphere. Really nice staff. Lychee lemonade is delicious. Chicken is very very good-- I'd recommend the chicken and fries, although the rice bowlI tried was good too. The breaded chicken is the biggest reason to come here-perfect.
5	this place is exceptionally good - both in food and service. chicken is cooked to perfection with crunchiness  that makes you want to crave for some more! the sauces are top quality, combined with veggies that are cooked to perfection!will definitely come back!can't wait to try other dishes!
5	I tried a sample from my sis when she brought in one of their bowls for lunch last week. I was immediately sold. So I visited Mochiko during my lunch break today. Cool, little spot (next to Trader Joes) with a modern-looking interior and LCD HD monitors for the menu. Nice, pleasant people working there.I ordered the Mochiko Bowl with fried egg. I'm a simple guy and this was as simple as it gets - chargrilled chicken and fried egg over a bed of rice - however, the taste was amazing. The chicken was so tender and the sauce added so much flavor and tastiness. I look forward to returning and trying the other dishes. Oh, and the lychee lemonade was excellent.
4	A Story of Beauty and the Beast!I work across the street working in customer service. I often go at least one time a week to get food. The food they provide is delicious and inventive in the flavors they include. My only gripe is that the chef in the back is constantly scowling or yelling at her co-workers while Sandra is the sweetest woman who works the front.The chef needs to be pulled aside and told that the customers can see and hear her. 3.5/5
5	Very good food, they lady with the red hair was super friendly, I'll be back soon, also try the lychee lemonade
4	Stopped in for lunch . I had the Bento ($7.99) with the Sriracha Sambal Aioli. My brother chose the larger Ohana ($9.99) with Mochiko and Honey Dijon. The Ohana was more than he could finish. The Bento was more than enough for me. The meals have good value. The chicken is juicy and white meat (big props). Some pieces were a bit tough - that was our only complaint. The breading is crisp, but not greasy and it has good flavor. I really enjoyed the heat from the Sriracha and my brother chose the mochiko as his favorite sauce. I loved the Asian slaw! That alone will bring me back. The lychee lemonade is unique, it's definitely on the sweet side so be forewarned. Service was warm and friendly and the space was clean. It's a nice addition to the neighborhood.
5	Who doesn't love Chicken Tenders? NOT ME! Lol Nice atmosphere & GREAT personalities from the staff! I tried the OHANA Bento. Chicken was cooked perfect; lightly battered, crispy outside & moist inside. A diverse choices of sauces which were all appealing to my palate. Good job Chef & kudos to the Staff for the excellent service!   \m/
5	There's so many pluses about this new eating stop.  It's a must stop if you like "California" inspired food.  It's  healthy, flavorful, and fresh.  Sandra and Jerry, the owners, really take care of their customers and are dedicated to serving quality, but affordable good food.  They are constantly thinking of new delicious food to keep the menu fun and exciting.  The dressing in that Asian slaw is addicting.  I'll eat my cabbage this way everyday all day long!!!  Keep it up Sandra and Jerry!
4	I had the Mochiko Bowl, Great charbroil flavor and everything else worked to compliment it. We tried a couple chicken fingers as well, They are like big versions of Cane's chicken strips.....Not better or worse, Just different....but in a good way. The curry sauce and polynesian sauce are both on point. I thought I had a issue with the location at first, but went to trader joe's after and I felt better about it. All in all this is a great spot! a def must try!
5	Great food, great service. Thats all i ask.
5	wow Jerry and Sandra are the best and have the greatest food.  I ordered the Bento and it was the perfect size.  Kind of like Goldilocks not to much and not to little.  I sampled all the great custom sauces that Jerry has custom designed and I can't pick a favorite... I want a bottle of each and everyone.  The lychee lemonade is nectar from the Gods.  I usually don't care for lemonade but the combination with the lychee gives it a great flavor, and I would like a gallon to go please.  Definitely something new and different on the block and must be tried to be appreciated.  You can custom design a very healthy bowl with grilled chicken and vegetables.  If you want to crazy with comfort food the chicken tenders with fries is most satifsfying.  I like using the coconut curry as a fry sauce.  Yummmmy.  I can't wait to go back and try everything else.
5	This place is great. Everything on the menu is cooked perfectly and the ingredients are fresh. Nice portion sizes as well. The Mochiko Chicken bowl is my favorite. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a great tasting affordable meal with excellent customer service.
5	Buddy of  mine took me in there this place is amazing Hawaiian henhouse  is a must and I saw somebody else eating   chicken fingers that where  on steroids will go back flavor is amazing
2	I didn't like the food and i normally will eat everything. It was just not as good as it looked.
5	I've been here twice, getting their coconut curry bowl.  I have yet to try their other meals with the dipping sauces, which Mochiko is known for.  But their coconut curry has me dreaming about it hahaJerry, Sandra and the rest of the staff are super friendly and they always have a great movie playing for those eating it. It'll only be a matter of time before they open more locations.
5	Eat more Mochiko Chicken. This place knows chicken. Coconut curry chicken is so booooooomb! The staff is super friendly, too. You, the reader, should already be en route to this spot. Be a regular.UPDATE: Also! Mochiko Chicken is VERY generous with their fresh veggies. So good. (waterfallmouth)
4	New place. Great vibe. Great food. Really enjoyed the Hawaiian Bowl. Lots of chicken and rice and some super tasty sauce. I will be back.
3	Friend and I decided to go to Mochiko Chicken for dinner just to give it a try since they have such amazing reviews. Though, I must say, I was a little disappointed and quite unimpressed with the food. Though, the establishment was quaint, cute, and very clean. I like my places clean! So my friend and I each got a bowl: I got the Hawaiian hen house, which was chicken on top of rice with an egg and their signature Polynesian sauce. My friend got their Mochiko bowl, which was chicken and their Mochiko sauce over rice. He also opt in for some veggies. Both of us checked in on Yelp to claim the Yelp deal of $1 off when you get a bowl + lychee lemonade! So we got the lychee lemonade!The chicken is good. It was cooked just right, was tender and juicy .. not one hint of dryness. The sauce complimented the chicken and the rice very well .. for the first few bites and then it got a little overwhelming. The Polynesian sauce was mayo based so it was really creamy. As a personal preference, I could only take so much before it starts getting a little too heavy for my liking. I also didn't really like their egg .. I wanted it over easy and they kinda over cooked it ): I was so sad that my egg yolk wasn't as runny as it should be!It was pretty much the same for my friend. It seems that the sauce for his bowl was also mayo based. On top of that, he had a huge problem with their veggies. On the menu, it said the veggies were stir fry veggies but when he got them, they just looked like frozen veggies that were microwaved then thrown into the bowl. He was a little disgusted by that. I'm glad I didn't get any cause judging from the pictures on yelp, it did not look stir fried. Lol! As for their lychee lemonade ... it tasted like lychee syrup water. Where's the lemonade? I did not taste a single hint of, well, lemon. I was hoping that it'd be more tangy than it was ): Portions were huge though. I like how they serve it in a paper bowl so you only need a lid if you can't finish it (which I didn't) .. service was pretty good -- friendly smiles everywhere. Price was decent I suppose ... but still not very impressed with the food ):
4	I've been here a few times - the first time, they were closed...at 8:30pm! What restaurant closed around dinner time?! This!So, we went here at lunch time hoping they'd be open. The restaurant is rather small with a bar-stool area and maybe 7 tables. They have fried chicken fingers and grilled chicken. They have sides such as rice, veggies, fries, seasoned fries, dinner roll, etc.Mochiko Chicken Bowl:Grilled chicken and rice. I asked for veggies and sauce on the side. The chicken itself was flavorful enough and I didn't really need the sauce. The sauce was good though. It was like a Hawaiian version of Cane's sauce. The veggies were a good mix: carrots, broccoli, mushrooms, baby corn, snap peas and red bell pepper. 4/5Srirachi Chicken Bowl:Grilled chicken and rice. Veggies added. The sauce was mildly spicy and tasty. 4/5Lychee Lemonade:If you like lychee, you'd love this drink. I don't so, I don't really have an unbiased opinion about this drink.The fried Mochiko chicken fingers look good and huge. Seasoned fries also sound good since I have a weakness for fries. I'll give them a try next time.
3	While the chicken at Mochiko is good, everything else leaves something to be desired. After seeing the pictures, I was excited about the rice bowls and I definitely wanted to try some lychee lemonade. Unfortunately, my friend was totally right - it needs way more lemonade flavor. That being said, it had some nice lychee flavor.The sauce on the chicken was also quite tasty, but the rice itself was a little underdone. The biggest problem, however, was the "stir-fry" vegetables. They were soggy as heck, and let's face it - soggy vegetables are gross. In particular, I pulled out a large mushroom that was completely water-logged. It reminded me of a sponge.I like the idea of Mochiko, and the people are very nice, but it's got some room for improvement. I might go back just for the chicken meal, sans veggies.
3	3.5!With all the hype going on about this place, I needed to see for myself what it was all about.Came at 12 and was able to beat the lunch rush. Ordered the mochiko chicken bowl with added stir fried veggies and got a lychee lemonade. By the time I got my drink and picked a table, my order was already in front of me. They are quick! Verdict: I think my expectations were too high that I felt like the bowl fell a tad bit short of complete satisfaction. The flavors are there, the chicken is grilled nicely, and they give a good amount of veggies to your order. But the veggies were somewhat overcooked and the sauce, a little too overpowering. It was good but I probably should have gone in blindsighted. Looking at photos that made me salivate and seeing such great reviews prior to coming here probably skewed my perception. I will say the lychee lemonade was pretty good. I actually liked how it wasn't so tart but tasted more like lychee. Refilled twice on it while I was there. If you like lychee, this drink is for you.Overall, I do see this place doing well. The place got busy around 1230 with people eating in and taking out. Although my first experience wasn't mindblowing, I definitely will be returning. Coconut curry bowl and sriracha bowl, I'm coming for you next.
4	I love mochiko chicken so I had to try this place. Food was good. Service was excellent. Very friendly and helpful. Had the curry bowl. It was good. The bento was good also. Mochiko sauce was onolicious!  They are in the process of changing the menu so I will be back.
5	Came here with family. All was delicious. I had read one review mentioned soggy vegetables.  Well they must've read the review, they were cooked perfectly. I had the coconut curry bowl and it was good. Not your typical hawaiian-style curry, but it was very good. Everybody else had the chicken tenders. They were very crispy and moist. But you have sauces you can dip the chicken in. We're used to the marinated-style m ochiko chix. But it seem that everyone enjoyed it. I would recommend you give it a try.  I will be back again when I start craving the Mochiko
5	At mochiko the staff are friendly the prices are reasonable and the food is good
3	This place was just ok in my book. It was good, but didn't blow me away. I decided to stop in for lunch yesterday after seeing all the positive reviews. The inside is small and very clean. The 2 girls working the front were very friendly and ready to take my order! I had already browsed the menu prior so I knew I wanted the Cali plate which consists of 2 chicken strips, fries and a hawaiian roll. The meal comes with one sauce, so I chose wasabi ranch and then also added the sriracha aioli and the mochiko sauce. I love sauce, fyi. I added a small drink because I wanted to try the lychee lemonade and paid about $8.75 for everything, not bad! The lychee lemonade is deeeelicious, not too sweet, not too sour, but just right. I am so glad I tried that. So the food came out within 10 minutes and the chicken fingers were huge! I was happily impressed. What disappointed me was the fries, they were seasoned and there is no mention of that anywhere on the menu. I HATE seasoned fries. Every time I get them they are just tooo salty for me and this was exactly what happened here.The chicken was hot and juicy, not greasy or dry. The dipping sauces were a let down but my favorite was the sriracha aioli. I noticed something on the menu that said something along the lines of they were no longer going to be serving chicken fingers after 12/1. But they did say they were going to be adding different items to the menu. If you like the chicken fingers, or want to try them, I suggest going there asap. I am interested to see what new items they will be adding, so I will certainly be back.
5	Got a bowl to-go and it was great. I wish I would have got some sauce. I will be back to try more for sure. Keep up the good quality and nice pieces of chicken.
2	This place has recently "rebranded," which may cause them to go the way of the dodo bird, eight track tapes, and tube televisions. As my previous review of Mochiko indicated, these were the best chicken strips I had ever eaten. HAD ever eaten. As part of their re-branding, the strips and French Fries are gone. Our lunch crew at work has dwindled recently, but when the boss asked "who wants Mochiko?" it was like Christmas had come early. The entire group went. My mouth was watering en route, in anticipation of those delicious chicken strips. What a disappointment. All they offer now are bowls, which were actually pretty good before. Not this time. I'm not sure if it was my disappointment in the "re-branding" or just the fact that I had my mind set on chicken strips, but the Srirachi Bowl I got lacked flavor and spice, although it is advertised as spicy. Not only did it lack flavor and spice, it was lukewarm. And get this, the bowls DO NOT INCLUDE vegetables. You have to pay extra for veggies. A few in the party opted to go without veggies. Meat and rice in a bowl. Whoppie Do! Bland and Boring. My bowl, with veggies added and a beverage was just south of twelve bucks. Not worth it. I don't know who pulled the trigger on the re-branding idea, but, in my Elite Yelp opinion, it was a mistake. Why not continue to offer the fantastic chicken strips AND the bowls? After all, variety is the spice of life, right? They have a fairly large TV in the dining area, but had it muted with subtitles and dance type music blaring through the speakers. It was too loud for lunch time ambiance. Had they dimmed the house lights, turned on a strobe light and had a cocktail waitress, they could have charged a cover.There was a first timer in our group who thought her lunch was good. Maybe what they offer now may be ok for a Mochiko virgin, but having been there and done that, I will not be back. If I want meat, veggies and rice in a bowl, I will go visit the cute little black and white bear. It's served hotter, more conveniently located and they do not charge extra for something that should be included in the first place.  .
4	Great food super tasty! Service was great, we will def be back! Super moist chicken with great flavor. We had the coconut curry and the srirachi bowls pretty awesome.
5	Went there twice since I've moved here from oahu!!! The chicken is great and fries are good too! I only wish they would use calrose rice short grain. But, the customer service is awesome
4	Great food! Good prices!
3	The food is okay, large portions and what we ordered came out quick.  It's better in taste than some other fast food places.  I had the Mandarin chicken bowl with rice and stir fried veggies, veggies were over cooked but overall good.  I find the stuff to be on the sweet side.
5	The have changed their menu, changed their layout, and everything is just the way I imagined it should be! Shout out to the owners for taking yelp reviews to heart. Great place to eat!
2	I have to say, nice try into turning a traditional local island favorite into a mainland favorite. But I have to say no to this place nor reccomend this to my friends or family from Hawaii who lives out here in the mainland. But great job for trying. Only recommended for health gym heads perhaps or people trying to stay a little healthy. Lol
2	Some things have changed, and not for the better. They removed the yummy chicken tenders and fries and their bowls have been renamed. The food still tastes alright. They raise their prices frequently. Bowl and drink will be almost $11 now and this was without the $1.29 veggies. It's not like the veggies are specially prepared or anything; they're from a frozen bag from the supermarket. Lol. I remember when they first opened, the $6.99 Mochiko Bowl was worth it. They have not once proactively mentioned a thing about their stamp card since the first couple weeks that they opened. That is sad. I am not even sure if they still honor it to be honest. I should have almost filled 2 cards by now but I always forget to mention it.I am disappointed with Mochiko Chicken and I was surprised at how many of my coworkers are no longer regulars. I decided to join the club because they have seriously gone downhill.
