4	I can describe my relationship with Trader Joe's in three words... Two Buck Chuck.  That's right Trader Joe's is the only distributor in the Carolina's of the famously inexpensive wine who's official name is Charles Shaw, but due to the price has become popularly known as Two Buck Chuck.  Even though its actually $2.99, Charles Shaw is still a great bottle of wine, and they have several varieties, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Shiraz, Chardonnay, and Sauvignon Blanc.  Trader Joe's also has a ton of lesser known brand's of everything from cereal to beer, Trader Joes specializes in small name brands that tend to be more organic and environmentally and health conscious.  The prices at trader Joes vary, and some times you can find better deals than at Harris Teeter, for example the Humus, I bought last week, was cheaper than the humus at Harris teeter, it wasn't as good, but hey, i got some great wine too! They are constantly changing their inventory as well, though hopefully they will always have my Two Buck Chuck, it's what gets me in the door of Trader Joe's every time!
4	Way to crowded on Saturday morning. Maybe after the newness wears off... Although, I have been waiting patiently for this to open here. I was a fateful customer in Chicago-all thru the Atkins, Sommersizing, etc.This is a great healthy store with some good sales. You can get organic food,  kosher items, veggie brands, and ethinic spices-all in the same store.Helpful workers, samples, and yes-2 Buck Chuck!!
5	This location is the 2nd highest volume store next to Portland, OR. At least that's what a store employee told me a couple of months ago. From the sight of the parking lot- even on a Tuesday at 11am- I completely believe them. There is parking in the back of the building and I highly recommend putting it to good use. I am a TJ's loyal- for about 15 years. They have a great selection whether you're out for good, healthy bread, produce, poultry, wine, dairy/soy products or chocolate. I highly recommend the seasoned turbot in the frozen section. If you want a different kind of veggie burger, the Masala Burgers (frozen section) are excellent- they taste like samosas without the fried outer part and are surprisingly good in burger form.  Pound plus chocolate bars are perfect for making flourless chocolate torte cakes (and you can make one for about $6 or less using TJ's products). They have plenty of organics,  premade items including hummus, sushi & salads, non-foods such as flowers, household cleaners and Rosemary Christmas trees, and even some greeting cards (for $.99 ea!) Enjoy the bounty! ps  If you bring your own bags you get to enter yourself into a drawing for free groceries. Trading Hours: Daily 9 am - 9 pm
4	Phew.  You will probably need to take a breather after visiting the Rea Road location of Trader Joe's, especially if you have the misfortune or poor planning to go on a Saturday.  Trader Joe's is pretty awesome.  I've always heard good things from my friends that found their way over from the West Coast, but never really paid much attention.  Positives:- Fresh.  Lots and lots of fresh food.  Copius amounts of refrigerator/freezer space around the store with lots of food.  I haven't tried the deli meat yet, but other meat I've picked up has been great.  The frozen seafood is reasonably priced and tastes great.  The crabcakes scare me a little bit so I haven't tried those yet.- Selection.  I'm big on random snacks, and Trader Joe's helps me indulge.  The chip aisle has a great selection of flavored chips like salsa tortilla chips, veggie chips and other things you haven't seen.  There are these crackers called Savory Crackers, they're on the back wall in the store and they're fantastic.  They actually taste sort of like pork rinds, only they're not actually pork rinds.Negatives:- Soccer moms/crowdedness.  This was my only negative and the only reason I gave it a 4 instead of 5.  The lines are ridiculously at checkout and don't move especially fast.  Otherwise I have no complaints.
3	Perhaps one day I will figure out what all the hype is about.  It's on my way home, so I stop in about once a month.  Rarely do I leave with more than three or four items.  It's either because there is little I want, or little I am willing to pay for.  The store always feels cramped to me.  Perhaps it's all the prepared foods that attract those who cannot, or will not cook.  I don't get it!
4	Trader Joe's was an absolutely huge hit when it 1st came to Charlotte, but it was worth all of the hype. If you're looking for a good selection of non name brand items with a healthier twist, then this is your grocery store.You will only find a few select brands throughout the store & most of the time it's Traders Joe's private label brand. This is a good thing though, as most of the stuff is more unique then you'd find in your large supermarkets, & most of the stuff is a healthier option. The store is relatively small though, so don't expect a huge selection of items, especially in the frozen & chilled sections. But you'll find some unique items here & wonder why you haven't seen these items before.And if you like wine, then you must make a trip here. They have a huge selection of wines, but the main wine attraction is their "2 buck Chuck", which is actually $3 here. It's their signature wine & can only be found at Trader Joe's. They have around 4-5 varieties of their signature wine & it has been voted best wine for the price numerous times. I'm not the biggest wine drinker, but $3 for a bottle of good wine! I'm in...Hopefully the hype behind Trader Joe's will wear off just a little so the place isn't always so crowded, but that is the only draw back to the place. Peruse the store, check out some neat grocery items, & grab yourself a bunch of $3 (2 buck) Chuck wine.
5	I love this place! I have shopped here a handful of times. I always make sure to pick up a few bottles of wine. I've compared prices to Harris Teeter and 9 times out of 10 its cheaper at TJ's. I love their selection of dried fruits! (The Orange flavored Cranberries are the best). Even if you're are like me, not a huge health nut, there are many tasty health things here! Their produce is always top quality. great selection of "Healthy" snacks (I recommend the 'Everything Pretzle chips'). Anyone who has never been to TJ's should make an effort to check it out! (But don't go to close to a holiday or Saturday mornings or the crowd may scare you off!)
5	Great food. Incredible staff. Fun atmosphere. I love trader joe's. If you are looking for affordable organic food - look no further. Besides that if you aren't satisfied then you can bring it back. This place is full of friendly, helpful people.
4	oh, trader joes. after years of living in greensboro (no joes there) and visiting trader joes in raleigh and charlotte whenever possible, i have finally moved back to the motherland of charlotte and all my trader joe dreams have come true. somewhat.this particular trader joe store is on my way home from work so that is of immeasurable convenience. its cheap. its healthy. its fun. it has great prices on wine, beer, produce, frozen food. if you like the word "organic", this is the place for you.they give out free samples of coffee, wine and random food items. thats lovely.this place is really about discovery. foods you have never tried, or never heard of, are here, waiting for you.the people who work there are surprisingly down to earth and very few are hipsters, so that is a real bonus.but this utopia is not without its problems. the location is in a strip mall beside the greenway so parking can be a nightmare. there is parking behind the store if you can figure out how to get back there. this trader joes is always busy/ crowded. checkout takes some time so plan accordingly.great finds: 100 calorie dark chocolate bars, crumbled goat cheese, vanana yogurt, large variety of raw nuts, great price for e.v. olive oil and balsamic vinegar. misses: hummus (teeter makes it better), muffins (one variety tasted like wood chips).
4	LOVE this place...weekly customer. That said, what the heck is up with the parking here at Piper Glen? Oy. I enter and leave the parking lot with a great deal of angst. NEVER, EVER  go on a Saturday afternoon. Don't say I didn't warn you. And don't take 3 children under the age of 10 on that Saturday afternoon. I keep trying the fun frozen foods. Love the Trader Joes brands. I feel like I've found a friendlier, more accessible version of Whole Foods. Do bring your own bags, as someone else said. I brought my paper bags yesterday and was entered into their drawing for free food. Hoping...
4	OK!  I am starting to warm up to this place.  I recently stopped by with the most recent flyer.  I bought 20+ different items.  I liked them all.  I still find the aisles and setup a bit cramped and confusing.  On the downside...they were out of stock on three of their featured items.  This is no way to run an airlines!
5	Trader Joe's is a good place to pick up specialty grocery items. It does have it's own quirks but for the most part it's a great place to find good quality products that aren't too expensive.PROS:* Always has a unique item to taste in the back of the store.* Workers always seem happy and helpful* 2 buck chuck wine (Most of their wines are good and inexpensive)* Plentiful organic selections and choices for vegans including soy cheese * Unsalted raw nuts and seeds* Shampoo and soap without laurel/laureth sulfates CONS* They won't have everything you are looking for. No coconut Oil, unbagged greens, sometimes you have to by produce in bulk* Parking can be bad on Saturday and around rush hour.
5	I adore Trader Joe's! It's the best place to get groceries and I frequent there at least once a week. As a vegetarian, I find that they offer a variety of snazzy new products that appeal to my diet. The also have a sample station set up in the back which is a super way to try new foods. Their flower and card section is particularly fantastic. The cards are aprx $1, are beautiful and beat those $5 halmark cards any day of the week! The staff is literally always friendly, eager to help, and I often chat w/ them and swap recipes and such. The prices are excellent and seriously most products are 1/3 to 1/2 cheaper than harris teeter or earth fare. *which are both good stores in their own right*The only downfall I've observed is that the dairy doesn't necessarily last long. Their regular milk (not rice, almond, etc) goes bad kinda quickly which is the only product poo-poo I've noticed!Obviously the parking lot sucks- we've outgrown it but don't let it deter you, it's well worth it the trip to Trader Joe's! :)
4	Don't normally go to this Trader Joe's but I love all their products.  This location seems to be really popular - the parking lot can be a nightmare sometimes.  There was an 5K event sponsored by the Great Harvest Bread Co. (a close neighbor to this Trader Joe's) and it was great.  Trader Joe's even donated the bananas and oranges given away at the finish line.This location doesn't seem like it's as big as the University area TJs but it does the trick.  Just wish the parking lot was bigger and it doesn't exactly help that the other locations in the shopping center are pretty popular (Yoforia, starbucks, CVS) so the parking is definitely a premium.
5	This place is like heaven for me. I WISH WE HAD ONE IN HAWAII!!!While visiting family for the holidays, I made a few trips to Trader Joe's and even loaded up my suitcase with chocolate treats and other yummy little snacks to take home to friends. If you need little hostess gifts, this is a fantastic place to go!Trader Joe's has an amazing frozen food selection, wonderful wine and beer options, tons of organic produce and ready-made meals and a really lovely selection of fresh flowers and plants. I can't get over the prices - they are so reasonable and especially coming from Hawaii where a gallon of milk and a loaf of bread will set you back $12, I felt like going on an absolute shopping spree here...everything was so cheap! And the quality is top notch, so you really can't go wrong.One of my favorite things about shopping at Trader Joe's though, is the incredible staff -- they can always be counted on for friendly assistance. Trader Joe's is almost enough to make me leave this sunny little paradise on a rock and move back to the mainland. Almost...
4	I love to pop into Trader Joe's and pick up a few speciality items. Also love their Romaine Lettuce, sugar pea pods, and grape tomatoes. Can  be a social outing on Saturdays.  Avoid it if Charlotte has said the 4 letter word "SNOW", it can be a panic in there.  The staff is very friendly and effecient, you can always get a small cup of coffee while you are shopping  in the back of the store.  Love to try their cheeses and they have a nice selection of crackers. Very glad they came to our area!
5	Within walking distance from my apartment - I felt good about walking to get my groceries when I knew I would be given more organic choices - without the snobby upsell.  Trader Joe's is doing everything right by keeping things simple, tolerable and light hearted
3	The only reason I am holding back the 4th or 5th star for my rating is because this is one extremely crowded Trader Joe's.  I started going to Trader's back in Massachusettes and they were always busy, but this location services a very heavily congested and populated area.  The lack of parking, long lines, and inability to zip in and out to grab my Two Buck Chuck or Asian Stir Fry aggravates me to the point where I second guess how badly I want to go.  I have even tried going off peak hours, but to no avail.  That being said thiis is my favorite grocery store next to good old dependab le Harris Teeter.  You just can't beat their prices of helathy, good for you, good tasting food.  You won't find many of their products anywhere else, because they are Trader Joe's orginals.  The staff is borderline disturbingly cheerful, helpful, and knowledgeable.  If I could just shut down this particular location for my own personal shopping trips I would go more frequently.  I have never tried anything here and not liked it...that's pretty hard to say, but even if I did they have idiculous return policy that welcomes back even opened food!
5	Really helpful & friendly staff.  Great prices.  The best deals on wine & beer in Charlotte.  They do sampling in the store that has turned us on to so many new things.  We always buy their pizza dough, ground beef & Vino Verde.  Parking can be a pain but it is more than worth it.
5	I love Trader Joes... but the parking situation here really makes planning your visit a challenge. I have found that it's best to go first thing in the morning or later in the evening to avoid the crowds and parking hassels. The employees are friendly and helpful (with a few exceptions). I love the organic and all-natural products and find that prices are much better here than other health/natural food stores like Earthfare and Whole Foods.
4	Just tried their sushi for the first time & was pleasantly suprised.   I have always been very suspious of grocery-store sushi - but I would definiltey buy this again.  I think it will make a nice addition to summer picnics!
5	Great place. Excellent deals and quality food.
4	I love TJ's....great food, and a pretty decent bang for your buck, when you take into account the great quality of their products.  They always are eager to hand out free samples, and by free samples, I mean GOOD free samples....not the "bagel bites" free samples that you get at Sam's Club.  Last time we stopped in they were handing out an aged cheese that had been soaked in Syrah, as well as a sample of a good wine pairing to accompany the cheese.  Needless to say, I walked out of the store with both a bottle of the wine and a wedge of the cheese.Which is a great segway into their wine selection!  I have never been very fond of the "Two Buck Chuck", but they have some other wines in the 5-7 price range that are simply great!  I'm by no means a wine snob, but I was always wary of the bargain basement wine deals that have flooded the markets recently.  TJ's has made me a believer in the philosophy that you don't have to drop $30 to get a decent bottle of vino.One star removed for the parking lot in this place.  Be sure to take your oldest car, because the parking spots are all made for compact vehicles, and every soccer mom and her Suburban are sure to be parked next to you, leaving you a couple of surprise door dings for when you return to your vehicle.
5	Best  place ever for good food!
5	I'm originally from California where we've had Trader Joe's for a long time, and so I was very happy when this Trader Joe's came to town! I still have to drive about 45 minutes to get here, but it's worth it. I love Trader Joe's. They have a large, friendly and very helpful staff, and a nice variety of good healthy foods, produce, dairy, meats, frozen items, including many organics and the cost is very reasonable. I don't drink wine but cook with it occasionally, and they also have a big wine selection. I do a good part of my grocery shopping here every week! If you've never been to a Trader Joe's you really should check them out. Hint: go as early in the morning as possible because they do get very busy as the day goes on, and the parking lot gets filled up too.
5	Goodness gracious. How can you can go wrong with Trader Joe's? A few things that you have to love: Gummy Tummy Penguins, Blood Orange Soda, Chocolate Covered Almonds and the assortment of dried fruits. The service is impeccable and always friendly. Love that they ring the bell to bring a manager/coordinator over. Just fun for the kids. TJ's is always a pleasant experience. Love this location in particular since its so close to the greenway. Nice to stop in for a bottle of water or a sample of what their cooking up in the back of the store! Love that they give you free small cups of coffee, too. Definitely one of the best places to grocery shop. So, so, so cheap. You may not be able to find all of the minutia or accouterments that are required for your kitchen, but talk about value for the price. Love the produce and proteins. We spend about $100 a week and have more than what we need!The only negative is how busy it is!Also, Piper Glen is a pretty tight parking lot. Good luck trying to fight your way in to a prime space. Bloodthirsty shoppers out there!But seriously, folks. Go buy Gummy Tummy Penguins. You'll be hooked.
4	Trader Joe's has so many great products and of course, an excellent price point.  I love their frozen foods selection where I always buy lunches for work. As a plant lover, I have also been known to buy orchids or other plants from their rather large selection in the front of the store.  I still have many of these plants and they are great bloomers!I love the cracker and juice selections, and of course the beer and wine.  It's fun to put together your own 6-pack of select brews. There is so much more, too. Pass on the produce, though.  You could do much better at a local supermarket. I shop the store in Piper Glen.  The staff is always friendly and the crowd is a great mix of "granola," golf shirts and everything in-between.  The only downfall is the very tight parking.  I once saw a driver scrape the entire side of her mini-van and another patron's car too when she pulled into her space.  Be alert when you are walking in the parking lot, too!  A LOT of traffic even on the weekdays.  Good luck in the evenings and on weekends.
4	Favorite place to drop some bones on delicious and healthy food. Pros:Their selection of dried fruit and nuts is amazing. The only place to find honest to goodness dried fruit with no added sugar or color. Make sure to check the package to ensure you're getting the good stuff...They have a few items that have added sugar (e.g. dried cranberries).Oh my holy baby CHEESES! Their cheese selection is infinitely cheaper than Harris Teeter. Never buy cheese from the Teeter again! You'll pay way less for the same, if not better quality options at Trader Joe's. Every time.The bathrooms are clean and in the back of the store. When accompanied by children who have the "insta-pee" button, it's a safe haven.Employees are wonderful. Sometimes a little over-interactive, if you know what I mean. But it's in their job description to make small talk, and boy do they ever make small talk. They are also generally kind and helpful if you need them. The frozen section is in great shape. Any meal you could imagine, they have it...and the Frequent Flyer publication is chock-full of exciting ideas that require only one or two ingredients. Definitely pick up a package of the potstickers or orange chicken next time you're in there.Cons:Produce can be a bit iffy. Pineapples are generally $2 less than other grocery stores, and you can round up a good one after inspection. Sometimes I wonder if stuff hasn't been sitting there a bit long. Maybe this store doesn't do the volume of produce that would allow for such frequent movement. No idea. Some of the packaged produce is in better shape. I'm a big fan of their spinach, carrots, pea shoots, etc. Can't go wrong there.Parking is a NIGHTMARE. Anyone will tell you this. I recommend "the parking in the back" to anyone who will listen. It's less hellacious and more likely to put you in good spirits for a Trader Joe's visit. Sometimes I can park near Starbucks or Yoforia and walk over, since there's usually a spot available, but it is a bit of a walk for those of you non-olympic speedwalkers out there.All in all, I'd rather shop at TJ's than other "health-food stores" out there. Trader Joe's makes it way easier to find happy vegetarian options that aren't laden with offensive additives, sugar or soy.
5	Love Love Love me some Trader Joe's. Parking.... park in the back. You don't have to deal with the craziness in the front. There is a safe walkway right to Trader Joe's from the back parking lot so you don't have to walk around the shopping center. Service is usually great. The selection is even better. My dad was recently diagnosed with a disease and he has to eat completely gluten free. I'm really thankful for Trader Joe's. They have an awesome and yummy at that, selection of gluten free items. They also have a great selection of cards for ONLY A DOLLAR. They are all artsy and cool and always a great conversation piece. Whenever there is a birthday or I need a thank you card I go straight to Trader Joe's. I love their ginger snaps, their breads, frozen waffles, cheeses, everything.... you reallly cannot go wrong at Trader Joe's... if you haven't been.... please pass on your regular harris teeter trip and do yourself a favor and go to trader joes... I promise you'll be return more than once. Also, located in a shopping center that has great places around it (ups...greenway...starbucks...cvs...etc. so you can make many stops in one car ride...coffee...exercise...pick up your meds...and get your groceries... and if you need to take some dance lessons for your upcoming wedding...don't worry they have that too ( at the dance academy that is) Yeah, I'm a fan.
5	Trader Joe's is great. Fresh produce, an eclectic variety of food and sundries to choose from, an excellent array of beer and wine to get your drunk on, and so on and so on. I've give TJ's 10 stars if they ever got around to putting a fresh meats department, but I won't nitpick. I shop here once a week, even if I don't have to.So how much do I love Trader Joe's?I wanna take TJ's out back, have a clandestine love affair with it, have hot and sweaty sex, get her knocked up, shotgun wedding her, have more TJ babies, and live with her happily ever after. For real.
3	I sat in the car while my wife shopped so here's my review of the parking lot.  IT'S TIGHT IN THERE.  My goodness???  What were they thinking?  There are not enough spaces, and everyone pulling in this afternoon was driving a big SUV or a Minivan so it was especially difficult.Thanks to the guy walking down the aisle who waved at me to stop backing up so I didn't slam into the lady behind me who didn't check her rearview mirror before backing out!My wife likes Trader Joes a lot, and I am a fan of the stuff she brings home.  They need to do something with the parking situation though :-)
3	Just your average TJ. Quaint, local. Lots of fun and unique snacks. The parking lot in this strip mall is incredibly tight. Best of luck to you.
3	Trader Joe's has some things that are not available elsewhere.  However, at this location parking is a nighmare and the store is so crowded that it's hard to get near a shelf.  If you don't like crowds, this is not the place for you.  Downtown location is much better, a larger store, more variety, less crowded, better parking.
5	Love this place. Prices are great and everything is always of good quality. Check the sodium content though, I've had some pretty salty food from here. I gave it 5 stars for the actual store and staff, yes the parking does suck but not much you can do about that one.
5	Great, organic food that you can't get anywhere else. I wasn't sure what to expect the first time I went in a Trader Joe's based on a couple of close friends acting like young teenagers. I didn't even know it was a grocery store. Once I looked around at a high level and then started paying attention to the individual items, my wife and I tried a few things that looked unique to this store they we've never seen in other stores. We then figured out what the hype was all about. This place is great!!! The peanut buttercups, mild fresh salsa, and the French berry lemonade soda is all off the chain!
5	I simply adore Trader Joe's!  The quality of their foods is excellent, they have a unique selection of items, their prices are fantastic, and the service is always very friendly and incredibly helpful.  I have purchased items from every part of the store and I have never been disappointed in any of my purchases.  They have even special ordered items for me and have allowed me to pre-order seasonal items that were expected to arrive. One major area that makes Trader Joe's a standout company/retailer to me is the  the great understanding of their products by their employees.  I have had more than one occasion where I had to ask an employee for a recommendation on an item and I have never been disappointed.  I can recall the first time I shopped in there, I wanted to purchase olive oil, but I didn't know which of their many oils I should choose.  One of the employees came over to help me and offered to help (he must have seem the OMG look in my eyes!)...he asked me a few questions about what type of flavor I was seeking and what I would be using it for and he made (what turned out to be) a spot-on recommendation based on the fact that he had personally tasted every single one of their olive oils as part of this job!  He even offered to open a couple of bottles to let me sample them.  I chose not to, but still....WOW, I was impressed!  Since the store is a good 30 minutes from home, I only get over there 1x a month.  I have a standard must-have shopping list that I follow (Orange Chicken, for example...my son can't live without it!) and then I always enjoy checking out the new and seasonal gems they have in the store that day.   I really enjoy that many of their items are geared towards a healthy eating lifestyle, but that they never skimp on flavor.  Their meats and fish are also excellent....l love the Dijon Salmon and their Burgundy Lamb Tips!  They prepared salads, sandwiches, and wraps are always fresh, flavorful, and delish and they have great prepackaged meals, too!  Of course, I can't complete this stellar review without mentioning their best kept secret...Cookie Butter!  Imagine Peanut Butter., sans peanuts.  It's made with delicious spiced cookies instead of peanuts.  Trust me folks, it will ROCK YOUR WORLD!  I guess that if I had to dig down deep for one complaint it would only be that they haven't opened another store closer to Waxhaw.   They would make many, many people happy if they did.  Although I know many people in my area that absolutely love TJ's, not all of them are willing to drive 30 minutes to shop there.  Hey Trader Joe's....I think you're missing out on a great opportunity here!!
4	I live right next door to this Trader Joe's so I feel pretty lucky. The best time to go is usually Sunday around 8am, otherwise you have to fight the traffic from the greenway. This place is cheap and has fun items to buy for special occassons and daily meals. I almost always find what I'm looking for. I do wish they had fresh rotisserie chicken, but you can't always get what you want!
5	Ohhh - Trader Joe's - how happy am I that you're in Charlotte too. As a Southern California transplant, I was so happy to learn that there were a few TJ's in Charlotte.  My weekly shopping is done at TJ's and I've learned to know when it's not a zoo, when the shelves are fully stocked, and when you can grab a parking spot - for selfish reasons, I'm not sharing my favorite shopping times but....here are some of my favorite items: Unsweetened Vanilla Almond Milk, Tempura Chicken, Vegetable Fried Rice, Spicy Seaweed Ramen, Veggie Hummus Wrap, Potato Tots,  and anything the cheese section. They have some interesting wine selections too.
4	Will go in for one thing, but walk out with two bags full. Pizza sauce, coffee, wine and the Salsa Autentica all day.
4	I like everything I have tried from the Joe's - from food to beauty products. It is ALWAYS packed and parking ALWAYS sucks.  This shopping center, across from the Greenway, contains a Starbucks, a CVS and TJ's as their busier anchors, and this place is always hopping unless it's first thing in the morning.  Parking spaces are oddly shaped - if you have an SUV, I would head for the parking behind the shopping center.I LOVE their moisturizing cream and have purchased many bottles for myself and all of the dry hands at the office to keep their paws off of the bottle on my desk (it has next to no odor and isn't greasy at all).  $3.99 for a 16 oz. bottle is a steal and it is cruelty-free with no animal by-products and no animal testing.  I don't drink, but folks swear by the cheapo wine.  I have mostly shopped the snacky type foods as I lose patience with people, grab what satisfies whatever craving I have, and get out.   My neighbors, who grill in their garage (my next review may be for the fire station down the street if they can save my grilled apartment), swear by the beef filets, but I have yet to try any TJ meat.  Small peanut butter cups are yum.  Etc, etc.  Although I do most of my grocery shopping at Harris Teeter, I enjoy having Trader Joe's in the neighborhood.
4	Trader Joe's has a new loyal customer! Everything about this visit was outstanding. Customer service here was wonderful I was greeted when I walked in, given tons of great tips and options by the staff and thanked for my business! Now, that kind of treatment will keep me coming back! There were tons of delicious options to chose but I was especially pleased with all the healthy snack options which come in handy when most of the day you are chained to a desk. And the wine selection was ahhhmazing!! I totally think wine should be it's own food group! I mean I left with four bottles that I'm looking forward to trying! What can I say...I'm a sucker for wine. Yes, I concur, parking is a pain and hard to find and the parking lot is tight...but I'm going to just keep circling and hoping for a VIP spot in the front!
5	Love the quaint neighborhood this Trader Joe's is in.  In comparing to stores in Long Beach, CA there is absolutely no difference. I thought for sure I wouldn't find those Quadratini Wafer Cookies I love so much but they were there in their rightful place.  Usually stores move sections around (just to make the customers Extremely happy).I can appreciate Trader Joe's even better.  Same type of checkers too....those with a wonderful personality, willing to make small talk and can offer suggestions about the surrounding community.  I felt right at home.
3	I really do like Trader Joe's. They have a good product mix, and good quality. However, this location does not have enough room for South Charlotte. The parking lot is a disaster with the Greenway across the street, and I'm always afraid I'm going to hit someone parking in the lot behind the store. The isles are really hard to move your way through. Especially at the beginning of the store with the produce and meat. There are always a million people trying to get in. Same goes with the exit. There's always a huge line of people waiting to check out. The cashiers do a great job at getting  people out quickly, and always with a smile. I know when this location was a Harris Teeter, there was hardly anyone in the parking lot. Now I think they should consider moving, and expanding. It would make everyone happier.
4	I love Trader Joe's.  The people are friendly.  The products are great.  The spinach and artichoke dip is out of this world.  I always feel hip and cool shopping here.However.I have NEVER seen people park so poorly anywhere else in my life.  The parking spaces are entirely too small for even a standard size car, not to mention the gigantic SUVs that pull in here.  There is a parking lot in the back that I've never ventured to, but the signs say that it's there.  I usually just park over by starbucks and walk because trying to park anywhere near the store entrance is a mess.  I take pictures of the terrible park jobs and send them to my friends.  It's awful.  Beware.Also, the products that I love from Trader Joe's - I really LOVE.  They taste good, they're amazing, but there's only one of them.  They don't have much selection or variety.  TJ's is known for their antibiotic/hormone free products, and that's great - but I can never find a bread or milk that I like.  So I usually buy my regular TJ's items, then swing by Harris Teeter on the way home.  4 stars, because they have my heart - but are still inconvenient.
5	I just love this place. The staff is awesome and I honestly can't think of a thing I don't like here. I'm gluten free so it makes shopping so much easier and bountiful ten most places. I will say the weekends are busy and the parking lot is small - less stuff stays stocked / weekday mornings are my favorite. The kids love the taste testing bar too!
4	I love me some Trader Joe's.  I can't go when have a specific list...because they don't always have the same things. So, that is a little bit of a bummer.  But, I love to go and browse around and pick up some goodies on a whim.  I always discover something new and delicious every time I go.  The frozen stuffed mushrooms with spinach and cheese are a must.  And I always keep a goat cheese with herb log in my fridge - perfect to bust out for a party.  The sesame chips with soy are amazing with their edamame hummus...wow!  This specific Trader Joe's is always packed, but the staff there is very friendly and there are always plenty of registers open to keep the lines moving quickly.
4	The employees there are super friendly and have fun while they are stocking/ cashiering.  Traffic is always crazy there, but I normally only visit when I am in town during the holidays or on weekends visiting family.P.S.- keep your head on a swivel in the Parking lot because it is usually a CF.
4	Store is great as you would expect. Parking is tough, you can try around back. I avoid Saturday shopping days. Great prizes on cheese and wine of course. The people are funny and nice. Love the fresh flowers
5	This is the easiest place for me to take my kids and also not worry about them picking out food full of additives and preservatives! All the things I have tried in the store brand are fantastic! It's just small enough to manage with kids but large enough to have pretty much everything I need!  Great prices. I love that I can go and not worry about what my kids may want as much and I don't worry about the price like at the health food stores!
4	Great food, prices & employees.  The bad - the parking.  A horrible lot with tiny spots.  Why they haven't moved to a bigger better location?  Who knows.  They need to put one in Union County, so everyone email them & let them know this!
5	It's Trader Joe's!!!  If you don't do at least some of your grocery shopping here you are really missing out. Breads, cheeses, coffee, organic veggies- great quality at surprisingly cheap prices. A little crazy on weekends but everybody seems to be having fun and there is always something neat on sale. Best grocery shopping experience in Charlotte.
4	It is Trader Joes! Great friendly staff with exceptional may rich and use  that you won't find in most other grocery stores. Parking at this location is very touch and laid out the best. There is a park across the street, so watch out for pedestrians also.
4	I really like this Trader Joe's location. Unlike some locations in other cities, there is ample parking to handle the steady stream of customers. Everything is well-stocked, and the employees are very friendly. TJ's is never a place where you can do all of your grocery shopping, but it's perfect for picking up snacks and drinks for a dinner party.
5	Amazing service Affordable groceries Speciality stuffThree reasons I love this place !If you haven't tried it well that's a shame!  This grocery store is awesome. The produce is so affordable, the speciality items are awesome and the employees are passionate about helping make your experience the best !
