5	If you haven't been here you're seriously missing out.Amazing food, solid prices, tasty cocktails and the friendliest staff in town! The Mango Man himself is perhaps the most personable restaurant-owner in Madison and makes some of the tastiest food I've come across in a long time. Without sounding too cheesy, the flavors really do explode in your mouth.Some of my faves:The Patacones Appetizer, Tico Steak and the Curry Chicken.
5	Not since I lived in Latin America have I had such an enjoyable and tasty meal.  This restaurant is homey, the owner is extremely friendly, and the food tastes like I'm eating with family.  This is exactly the kind of restaurant I love that Madison has.
5	While the critics and Madison Magazine seem to know all about this restaurant, I had only come across it by walking past it.  The food and service were amazing.  I had the tilapia dish which was completely fantastic and perfectly sweet and spicy. (perfectly cilantro-ed)  Mojitos were great (although teeny).  Our server was incredibly helpful and the cook/owner was incredibly friendly.   They are serving breakfast on weekends now which I am very curious about.   My only complaint that in the middle of February the restaurant was distractingly drafty, I will return but when it warms up.
4	I finally had the chance to check this place out last night. My friends and I were there for the pre-Overture center dinner. Ambiance: Unpretentious but upbeat/casual decor. I loved the colors and patterns they used to decorate the place. In summer, I would love to sit outside and sip the Mojito. Food: First, speaking of the mojito - it's pretty good. Limes and mint are nicely muddled just the way I like it. But I thought the drink could be little stronger ..... , or perhaps I'm going borderline alcoholic. My friend John ordered caipirinha, and he seemed to be pleased with it as well.  We ordered Jumbo Shrimp and Patacones for appetizer. I loved Patacones, but Jumbo Shrimp didn't wow me - the shrimp and the flavor itself wasn't so jumbo. For entree, I ordered chicken curry, which I loved. It was a down to earth dish - the kind of this your best friend from Cost Rica would make for you. Everything was nicely seasoned and just so tasty. Service: While the waitress was super nice, the service felt bit slow. If you're in a rush, this might not be the ideal place. It's a Caribbean food, so ideally, one should also embrace the chill-pace atmosphere.  So, I probably shouldn't be complaining about the speed of the service, especially because the kitchen is operated by a single chef! Kudos for him for whipping up the fabulous food plates after plates!!
5	I just adored this little place!! Its so small and has so much character.  I was very pleased with my drink.. Jamaican Iced Tea, very tasty and had just enough alcohol =)  Patacones are super good sooo I would suggest getting that for an appetizer.  For my entree I had the Pork Chop Special which had so much flavor! Each of our plates came with rice and beans and some salad with this awesome dressing. Both people I was with got the chicken and that as well was super good.  The prices are grounded and the food is sooo flavorful. What a refreshing little place! I will be back!  =) You Rock Mango Man!
5	We chanced upon this gem on a 1 day trip to Madison (we were looking for free wireless - they didn't have it but said we could 'borrow' signals from the neighbors; no passwords, it worked!).  We loved the colors and the quaintness, and our waitress was sweet if not chatty.  We had our dog with and they let us sit on the little terrace.  We both had the vegetarian plate which was rice with beans, salad and fried plantains.  The standout by far was the sauce the beans were sauted in; a thick, spicy, zesty concoction of tomato, cinnamon, and Lord knows what.  In fact it was so good, we purchased a bottle on the way out and successfully recreated the bean portion for a large dinner (it was very well received).  Delicious too was the banana smoothie.  All in all a fantastic, tropicale experience in the heart of Madison.
4	Went the other day and had an overall good experience. The food was good, interesting, and flavorfull. I am a definite fan of the coconut shrimp appetizer (seems like all the appetizers are really good)! As far as the service, I would say very poor. We waited for a long time to get served. Waitress kept messing up taking our order, etc. Would recommend the food but be weary of the service...and the inside is pretty cramped...
4	Not a big menu, but it doesn't matter because everything you try will be delicious, filling, and bursting with flavor. The place is very small, so don't bring a large group, but it also means that you're almost guaranteed to meet the energetic "Mango Man" owner who will make you feel right at home.  Lunch is better than dinner because the portions are pretty much the same size, but dinner is more expensive (still only about $12-15).  Most importantly, get the Jamaican Iced Tea- a more delicious alcoholic drink has never been made (rum, ginger soda, and a few other ingredients in a giant glass).
4	This place is very Madison and as odd as it is intriguing. Though overall I like this place a lot. The odd: The dinner menu raises the prices like 3 dollars on what I think is already a bit much for a place that is in a terrible location and seemingly a bit expensive for what looks like a hole in the wall. The location thing is ridiculous, if I didn't use to work literally across the street I wonder if I would have ever found it. It reminds me of the line from High Fidelity where John Cusack says he opened his shop on the block with the least amount of foot traffic..haha on to the good. The yummy: A nice selection of what I assume are Costa Rican dishes hah. Many of them are similar to Jamaican items like jerk chicken and jerk pork with sweet salads or rice and beans. All the food tastes really fresh and you can tell it was just made for him less than 30 feet away. The rocking: Mango Man-there's a reason he was featured in the Isthmus and is beloved by all who have seen or met him. Nice guy and really satisfying food. My favorite part, his sauces are homemade and amazing--simply amazing. You can fortunately purchase them there too. If you're a cap square worker head out during lunch and pay your respects.
4	We went to the Cafe Costa Rica on a Friday night, and based on reviews here, expected a long wait.  We were seated immediately.  This place is tiny.  I think it has a total of 8 tables at best.  You can't expect to just walk in, but we were lucky.  The service was attentive without being pushy.  I ordered the ceviche appetizer, which was absolutely amazing.  I could have used a few more crackers or some bread for it, but otherwise, this was my favorite dish.  The empanadas were also good.  For our dinners, I had a dish with pork, which was served on a large platter with a salad, rice and beans and preceded by a lovely little soup.   Everything was quite tasty and flavorful. The only negatives about the Cafe are that it is small, and that the prices are fairly high for Madison. We had two drinks, 2 appetizers and two entrees for a total of about $60.   For those on a budget, you might want to skip drinks and appetizers.  However, we had a good time there, and even enjoyed talking to the table "next to" us.  Even though some might have not liked the close proximity, it gives the restaurant a "family" feel, that isn't found at many places in Madison.  I will definitely be visiting the Cafe Costa Rica again.
4	Very cute cozy place. Fast service during the off hour lunch. Food was a little pricy for simple foods but it was good and fresh.
4	Popped in here tonight for dinner while I was in the neighborhood.  We were slightly surprised when we walked in to find the dining area is literally the front half of a garden apartment.  That said, someone definitely took care to decorate the place.  We kept an open mind however and it was worth it.  I had the roast pork, my girlfriend had the quesadilla, and we shared a couple of chicken empanadas.  The food was nice and flavorful, including plenty of fresh cilantro (so consider this a warning if for some reason you are particularly anti-cilantro...) and the salsas they have on the table are delicious.  You could probably put them on anything and they'd make it tasty.   We were too stuffed for dessert but the waitress rattled off like 8 different cakes, so might have to give it a try when I'm in the mood to stuff myself a bit more.
2	Ok, disclaimer- this review is based on one visit, but since I don't think there will be another one, I'll review it anyway. The location-I didn't find the location *quite* as bad as I had expected, but it's not  really set up for outdoor dining.  There were 5 tables outside, three on the little strip between the sidewalk and the street, and two on a raised concrete 'porch' next to the stairs down to the restaurant.  That's not so bad, until you add in no fewer than 40 stacked plastic and metal chairs ALSO on the little porch thing, which completely obliterated any view we might have had.  Seriously, there is NO WHERE for these chairs to go- no side patio, no room inside.  A mystery to be sure. On to the service- we were served by two people, and actually, while it was a slower pace, they did a good enough job of getting drink orders, refilling water and clearing plates.  Nothing to complain about there!The food-  the lunch menu is extraordinarily small, and I guess I was surprised by the lack of Caribbean influence on the food.  The two main entrees were Tico Tacos and a Tico Burrito.  My bff ordered the Tico Tacos, which were two tacos served on soft corn tortillas- she ordered tilapia, and I do think there were a couple of specks of fish under the enormous pile of lettuce.  Regretting ordering such a skimpy dish, bff asked for a bit of rice to add to the tacos.  It was provided promptly.  I ordered the chicken Tico Burrito, which was...surprise..a chicken burrito.  Not bad, but if I had been wearing socks, they would have remained firmly in place.  The green jalapeno-based sauce, when generously applied to the burrito, did add some much-needed character.  The bill- with one drink each ($7.00 each for a mojito!!) the bill came to just under $37.00.  A little further scrutiny revealed a charge of $3.75 for the rice bff requested to fill out her tacos, bringing the total charge for two tilapia tacos to $11.25.  The resolution- when I brought the charge of $3.75 for rice to the server's attention, the initial response was 'huh- that's how it rings up'.  Fortunately, there was another woman working in the restaurant who overheard my question and removed the charge.The analysis- not sure I'd go back again, and would have given it one star, except for the fact that the problem with the bill was rectified without too much hassle.
4	I've been for brunch and dinner with equal satisfaction. The food is perfectly spiced and not at all pretentious. I even frequent their cart during trips to the farmer's market. There's nothing wrong with a chicken taco at 10 AM when it's this tasty. Get the plantains, trust me. Don't expect much from the restaurant in terms of trendy decor or atmosphere. Instead, go for great empanadas.
4	Great Atmosphere! Service was friendly. The place was packed for a a cold rainy Thursday night (not hard to do with only 4 tables I guess). We had a party of four and our waitress was quick to inform us of the 2 for 1 happy hour before 6pm so Mango Margaritas were had by all. We started with an appetizer of plantains...YUM! The Mango Man sauce has great flavor with a unique kick. Plenty to share among four people as well. We each had a different entree and were all quite satisfied. Whoever commented that the tacos were small must have a huge appetite! Each meal had a generous portion of rice and beans full of flavor and an interesting lettuce and tomato salad with a spicy dressing. I had the pork Quesadillas which are more like fried tacos stuffed with tender pork and loaded with cheese. While dinner did take a while to come out it is clear that this is homemade food made to order...I'm willing to wait for that. We used coupons from the Bucky book and combined with the happy hour specials ended up happy, full and not broke!
3	I ordered in from a third party company, and felt pleasantly surprised with the food. The cheese empanada, heart of palm salad, and vegetarian dinner were delicious and full of flavor, especially when you add in the salsas. As much as I like the food, it's fairly simple, and so it seems overpriced ($9 for rice and beans? I dunno... that seems like a bit much). Otherwise, my tummy says two thumbs up.
1	I was staying in the hostel just next door and was too exhausted after my red eye to walk to find food.  So I found myself at Cafe Costa Rica, excited about the menu options and some good reviews from fellow Yelpers.My review is based on the service alone because...I ordered appetizers, a smoothie, and a salad (yes, all just for me, it was a long day of travel).  After taking my order, the waitress never came back again to check in and averted eye contact for OVER 45 minutes!  When I asked her if my food was coming (45 minutes later), she said she didn't know but she thought it would take 10 more minutes.  She said "We're short a cook and everyone's mad at me", while it's definitely not her fault they were short a cook, she could have easily checked in with me and brought something you didn't have to cook (like perhaps my smoothie?!?!).  I would have loved to not waste an hour of my time at this place when it was an easy walk to several joints nearby.I told her I would need to cancel my order if the food did not come soon.  She offered me nothing.  I walked away, never to return.
2	Oh Cafe Costa Rica.  Your food is darn good but your service is horrendous, and the prices are way too expensive for the food you get.  The food is bright, flavorful, and tasty.....but $20 for roasted pork (a cheap cut of meat), veggies, and rice?!!!  These are inexpensive ingredients that shouldn't have such inflated prices.  This could almost be forgiven if the service wasn't so awful.  It's been slow before, but it's ok if you're sipping on a yummy mojito or mango margarita.  But when we went last week, it was just plain ridiculous.  We waited for an hour before we even got our drink.  The waitress was all flustered and constantly apologizing to everyone.  We weren't even "allowed" to put in our food order for a while and had to be satisfied with appetizers.  This wasn't unique to our table, everyone else had the same issues, particularly a poor, confused couple who was visiting for the first time.  Finally, two guys left after their drink order was wrong--they ordered two gin and tonics and got two RUM AND TONICS, UGH!  Two hours later.....we go to check in on our order and it hadn't even been submitted to the kitchen!!!  Somehow it got lost in the chaos.  Suffice it to say, we left and get our dinner compted.  I love this style of food, particularly in the warm summer, but they really need to get their front and back of house more organized and try and keep their prices under control.  For the same amount of money,  I could go across the street to Restaurant Muramoto and get an exquisite meal that would cost a lot more in Chicago or NYC.
3	My first sampling of Cafe Costa Rica's food  was at the Orton Park Festival, where they had a food stall. We had the jerk chicken, served up by Mango Man himself...absolutely sublime. Definitely some of the best jerk chicken I've ever had. A few months later, we went to the restaurant to have it again. Took some looking to find, it's tucked away in a basement and it's tiny, tiny, tiny. The jerk chicken wasn't on the dinner menu, but it was a special that night, so we ordered it. We were disappointed. Although not inedible, it tasted old, and was a lot spicier than we'd had before. On the other hand, the mojitos were amazing, the plantains were great, and the service was fine. I love the funky vibe, and it's so small that you can't help getting to know the people sitting next to you...cool, if you like that sort of experience. For two drinks, plantain appetizer, and entrees the bill was over $50. A little high, considering that we got the same (but better) entrees at the festival for $7 each. I'm giving three stars for the drinks, service, and the attainable possibility of having that heavenly jerk chicken again.
3	Very small restaurant next to the Madison hostel.  It was hot outside and the small area inside combined with the spiciness of the food resulted in very sweaty dining experience.  Dress appropriately.The menu doesn't have a lot of variety (quite a few Tico-flavored options, maybe 8 entrees) and the food takes a while.  I had the tilapia and it was amazing, covered in garlic, cilantro, and other spices.  The beans have a good brown sugar flavor as well.  The portion was good for the price.  Definitely try the jalapeno and habanero sauces.  I feel they were the perfect complement to the dish.  The cafe con leche was also tasty, very sweet.4 stars for the food, 3 stars for environment since it was just way too hot inside.
3	I have been to this tiny, (I mean tiny --6-8 tables?)    I like the small quaint like atmosphere of the place and think is cute being next to the madison hostel.    atmosphere. The place is small, so if you are having a nice little dinner, sometimes it might seem too busy and it could get distracting otherwise cute if you are just hanging out with friends.Food-5 stars!   All the food that I have had is great, perhaps a little pricey. The Sauces are great.  My friend bought one of the green sauces, but when the waiter brought it out, it looked different than the one on display.  Hopefully after it aged liked the owner said it would change to what it should be.   (i just would only sell something that looked  like the product they had.  People don't like to wait to age things before they get to eat it. That's why when you buy a product, you want it ready!)Drinks-Some of them are really good, sum are not.  I was there about 1 month ago or so and had a mojito that seemed to have dried mint??  flavor was good, but being a tropical restaurant that was not acceptable. They also have sum costa rican punch i think and yes it very good!! I had a ciaphrina (spelling is off!) about 3-4 months ago   and it was ok, but the glass had like 1/2 inch of sugar in the bottom and when asked if this was normal the waiter said yes.       The waiter was good, although I felt he had to be challenged with the small atmosphere and slipping on the slanted floor. At an experience I had in the early summer, me and my friend spent 80 between 2 of us and that was with a free entree coupon. so perhaps a little expensive in the food and drink department.   Also the food took a long time, so long that the table next to us walked away.*suggestions to the restaurant is to have more knowledgeable server training on beverages and to know the food menu better and to have better food timing.  Also to have more reasonable prices.  Otherwise I would recommend this place to someone if you have time to burn.  It is good, they just needs to up their game.  Def try it for yourself I would say!
5	The meal I had here was easily the best I've ever had in Madison and was one of my favorite dishes I've ever eaten. Definitely get the Island Special with Tilapia. Other people have tried several other things, and while they were quite good, they weren't eye popping good like the Island Special.I've been in Madison for over 3 years and eaten out a ton so I'm wishing I had found out about this place earlier!If you go, be sure to call ahead for a reservation, since the whole place holds less than 20 customers and it is often packed to capacity. The place is tiny, cramped, uncomfortable, and slow, but if you're going here you're going for the food. And the food can't be beat.
4	I give this restaurant 4 stars for the taste and for adding more diversity to culinary experience here in Madison. However, if price is taken into consideration, I would give this place a 3, since I think they can lower the price a little.So why the 4 stars, you may asked? Great empanadas, great plantain chips, and great mango habanero chicken. They also gave us a free cup of soup for sample, and I personally wonder why they didn't put this on the menu instead. The beef soup (I may be wrong, but I think it's oxtail soup) is savory with a little kick of spicy flavor and just melt in your mouth. For those who read my review beofre going there, please ask the Mango man why it's not in the menu. Now let's go back to the menu..Empanadas: we got the beef and potato, and chicken and cheese. We love it.. though the skin/wrap is little tough (but they are smart enough to chop it small to make it easier to bite, chew and digest). Yellow Plantain: another great appetizer. However, you pay 5.95 for 6 slices of plantain, so it's like 1 dollar for each slice. I made sure I enjoy every bite of it.Mango Habanero chicken: spicy, salty, complex flavor that makes your tongue dance of happiness. Big portion, but again a little on the pricier side.Finally, the 3-star explanation: I totally get that the great Mango man needs to survive, but the restaurant is small and it's a 2-man operation (the mango man in the kitchen and a waitress at the front). The service was okay but not too fast. The decoration is cool but not over the top. In fact I enjoyed my meal facing the bathroom, which is okay for me as long as the food is good.. but for the price I paid? Mmm.. not so okay.So my suggestion: go there, try the foods because it's definitely worth a try. Go back every once in a while if you really like the foods. Buy the coupons ahead of time to get some discounts if you want to save!
2	I really wanted to like Cafe Costa Rica.  I've been hearing good things about it for years, and when we were looking for a new place to try between a two hour break between film festival screenings, we decided to stop in.I wish we hadn't.The restaurant is in the basement of a youth hostel.  It is a small space with about half a dozen tables, low ceilings, and delicious smells eminating from the kitchen.  We were seated at a tiny table in the corner.  I sat with my chair slightly blocking the bathroom door.   We ordered two drinks, a dark and stormy (strong and tasty) and a ginger punch (overly sweet, but not bad).  We had two empanadas to start, which arrived hot out of the fryer after a half an hour wait.  They were very greasy and garnished with a great deal of chopped cilantro.  The flavors were a bit bland.  After another half hour wait, our entrees arrived.  I had roast pork with beans and rice.  It could have used something like an extra tortilla to soak up the watery juices from the pork, but was otherwise  unobjectionable.  It could have used some salt, but there was no shaker on the table, and we were never able to summon the server back to ask for one.My partner had a steak burrito, which was fairly bland and filled with a bitter sauce (mole?).  For the same price he could have had two burritos from Chipotle and finished dinner without worrying about missing our movie.We spent about $50 for two drinks, two empanadas, a burrito, and a bit of braised pork and beans and rice.  It wasn't worth it.I would recommend this place if you have deep pockets, three hours, and really good company.  And don't mind sitting in a stiflingly hot room.
4	Hole in the wall serving good home-made Costa-Rican food. Used to be Guantanamera and served Cuban food, but Yolanda and Mario retired and sold it to Thony who's upgraded the interior a little. There aren't too many tables (seats about 10-12), so expect it to be a tight fit. I like the spicy Mango Man Salsa (w/ Habanero) and the Latin Sweet Chicken. Thony also makes some great (and very filling) milk-shakes!
4	This place is super small! I bet it gets really hot inside there. We ordered take out and the food came out pretty fast. It was my first time having Costarican food and I loved it. Can't wait to come here and may seat at the patio.
4	Good food and cool ambience. Be sure to make reservation prior.  Sitting capacity must be 30 people.
5	Great:  Food portions, drink selections, delicious food, service!  Overall, I rate this a 5, you can't get this kind of food many places, and they sure know how to cook it!  YUMMY!!!  You have to go see for yourself.  Coconut  Curry Pulled Pork- Amazing!Poor: Water served warm, smaller cramped seating, expensive drinks.
5	One of the top 5 meals I've had in Madison!  It was so delicious and also unique.  We started it out with some mango mojitos and ceviche, followed by sweet plantain soup, my date had the tilapia island special and I had the coconut curry pork (both of our choices based on previous yelp reviews...thanks guys!).  The mojitos were AMAZING!  They were not just flavored with orange colored, "mango" syrup... they were the real thing.  YUM.  Ceviche was not the best I've ever had (i'm a spice lover and it was flavorful... but no kick!), but good... very crisp (and gone in ~10 seconds!).  The plantain soup was legitimately life changing.  When our entrees came out, the conversation ceased.  We were both so focused on the delectable dishes in front of us, we could hardly speak.  The portions were good sized too... I got to enjoy THE BEST left over pork sandwich the next day :) This is an excellent place if you want to have a casual, leisurely meal with someone who you enjoy chatting with.  The service is good... but the food can be a wait.  I wouldn't recommend this place for children or for large groups.
5	Cafe Costa Rica (CCR) is an absolutely fantastic gem in the heart of Madison. The Mango Man (owner and cook) has brought the flavor of his home country to Madison and with it the charm of a person who loves what he does and takes pride in his work. The menu is small, but given the specials every night, you may not even order off it. The meals are fresh, made w/ local ingredients (when possible) and the sauces are homemade and unbelievable. I have been here about 6 times in two years and had the specials (not on the menu) all but once. The Tico Steak is amazing and succulent and the mango man salsa....ridiculous. Fantastic. We've bought about 2 litres of it in the past year and eat it with everything from eggs to tacos and just with chips. Even if you're not hungry, there are several fantastic drinks that you'll find here that are unavailable anywhere else in Madison. If you wondered what kissing Scarlett Johansson is like (or George Clooney should you be a lady), the Jamaican Iced Tea w/ rum is as close as you're going to get. The best way to describe the array of food here is somewhere between Mexican and Cajun. And should you feel the urge, the chocolate rum cake alone will give you a buzz, if not from the sugar, than the rum that it's soaked in.
4	Tight space but great food.  Beans, pork and plantains are great. Mojitos excellent.
4	Delicious dinner with great flavors. Spicy, but not overwhelming. The best part of the experience was the wonderful service. Friendly and helpful. In particular, Jori really added to the perception of feeling at home.
4	This is the sort of place I wish we had more of in Madison. It's tight and sometimes when some dish in the kitchen gets a little too smokey the fire alarm goes off. Still....the food and drinks are great, though a tad expensive. I've been twice, and can honestly recommend whatever is on special. Both times I ordered it and came away super impressed. The first time it was some chicken dish that had been stewing away in jerk spices for almost a full day. Mixed with rice, beans and plantains, it was flavorful and very filling. The second time they had concocted some sort of wet burrito, filled with chicken, rice, beans and some sort of crunch. The sauce on top was the perfect mix of cool cilantro and tangy spice.The prices are a bit high...but I'll still be going back once every two months or so to get some seriously good food.
2	In a word, gross.  I will say I probably wouldn't love most Costa Rican food to begin with, but with an open mind and good chef, I would have liked something. I have had a smoothie here once before and it was good.  The second time, the fruit smoothie had stems and leaves in it.  Not one, but many.  I could hardly drink it.  The food is covered in cilantro, could only imagine a cilantro fanatic enjoying that.  The pork chop was extremely tough.  Tilapia was fishy.  Service was bad.  Add a few drinks and our bill for 2 was $50.  This was my worst meal in Madison.  I gave 2 stars because I didn't complain so I'm not sure if they would have rectified it.
3	I used to really love CCR. The first few times we went, it was PHENOMENAL! Their appetizers are great and I really love their rice and beans. But the last three times the food wasn't the same. I was disappointed in the inconsistencies of the food. I liked their tico steak burrito but it just didn't taste the same. Then twice in a row I got indian style curried chicken, not the thai style curried chicken that they were famous for. I asked the waitress if something changed and she said "oh, it depends on which chef is working". I haven't been back since then. I was very unhappy with that response.
3	Had high expectations of this place as I love Hispanic food. It was fairly good. I had the Island Special which seems to be the most popular dish in the menu. The tilapia was overcooked and a bit dry but the sauce covered that pretty well. The rice and beans are nothing worth of mentioning which is disappointing considering that rice and beans are the cornerstone of most Hispanic cuisines and when well done it is a delectable dish.
3	The food is decent, but kind of expensive for what you get. I got the chicken tacos, but they were like $11. The service was kind of slow, but there was only one server on for the whole restaurant, so that is understandable.
3	When we walked in, there were four tables with people and the remaining 6 or so of the tables had dirty dishes/napkins/etc. This was not a great first impression and we almost left.I'm glad we stayed though, and we ate outside where the tables were cleared. I had the curried chicken - FANTASTIC! It was slow cooked so the chicken tore apart easily, the chicken bones/fat were removed and the curry flavor was present, but not overpowering. It complimented the cilantro salad perfectly. Though - be warned, I can never get enough cilantro, so if you don't like cilantro, you won't like the salad - at all. I was most surprised by the rice. I usually pass over rice as a side, but this was so flavorful (probably because it was soaking up flavor from the curry/cilantro - Mmmmm)!My eating companion ordered the Alitas (wings) and had mixed feelings. The wings themselves were dried out and chewy, but the sauces were fantastic and flavorful. I wish it were appropriate to ask for just to go containers of the sauces... but then I read on the web site (after) that you can purchase the sauces to take home. Do this!!Overall, food portions are hearty and the big flavor from the sauces are well worth the visit. There are no/few other restaurants serving this type of food in Madison. However, this is not a four star restaurant, so lower your expectations before eating there.
3	I'm a little conflicted about the restaurant.  I went with a couple friends to celebrate my birthday and it was a very nice evening but there were a few minor things that are kind of eating at me.  The plates came out to our table a little less clean then they could of been.  I don't mean unwashed clean but food from making the dishes on the sides and on the bottoms of the plates so when you handled them your hands got greasy and dirty.  The next thing was that we didn't have one waitress but everyone that worked there.  Our main waitress took our order etc but then the hostess and some other girl would keep coming around too and ask if we needed more water etc literally like 3min after our main waitress had checked on us.  Seems like they need better delegation of jobs so they aren't all doing the same thing.  The drinks were strong and the dessert was stronger.  A good drink doesn't mean overpowering alcohol.  And the dessert was so overpowered by the rum that it was almost uneatable.  The cake itself had a good flavor but there was just too much rum.  Our main meals were very good though.  I had the pork which was incredibly tender and the rice side was really tasty.  I don't know what kind of dressing was on the salad but it was really good.  If you don't like overly strong drinks you'd better tell them that ahead of time.  Overall, as I said, it was a really nice evening.  We sat outside and although it has the Willie St. traffic it didn't really seam to matter as there is some huge tree that you're sitting under and they have some caribbean music playing.
2	I want to really like this place, I do and the food is pretty good, when it finally arrives.  But man they need to get a better training system in place.  Had dinner solo on 8.10 and sat down outside with no one else around.  While inside speaking with the hostess I noticed cash or check, no problem..I walked across the street and paid my 1.50 to get some cash.  No big deal.  I had the wings, pretty good, the sauces they brought out made them much better and a lemonade, also pretty good.  After this, everything slowed down and the place started to get busy.  I ordered the pork w/ beans and rice.  After multiple apologies from the server and me saying it is ok, i'm not in a hurry and listening to the other server explain to other guests about a wedding and a food donation, then a big spill in the kitchen, I was growing tired of excuses.  I get it, you're busy.  Now lets get it done.  Finally, after a solid wait, my food showed up, still no problem from me.  The beans were the best thing on the plate.  The sauces again made the pork much better.  The salad was tasty but done with iceberg lettuce.  The waitress asked if I wanted dessert and I said probably not and to please bring the check as I was stuffed. A few mins later I decided to have a Costa Rican Coffee.  This was the kiss of death.  It took 10+ mins for the coffee and it was very milky and very sweet.  To be fair, I didn't know what i was getting, but was picturing something similar to a cuban.  Perhaps this is the way it is supposed to be but I didn't taste any coffee and it was incredibly sweet.  Here is where I finally lost patience.  I put $40 cash in on a $31 check and the waitress asked if I wanted change.  I get you're busy and yes I too have spent time waiting tables.  A statement if you are fishing for the "do you want change answer" is I'll be right back with your change.  My change comes back and I am 1/2 way done my coffee and the waitress says, "not to rush you but there are two folks waiting on this table".  Really?  Really?!  I've been waiting for how long on coffee and a check and now you are rushing me?  I've been patient as I've waited and listen to you apologize over and over again for being slow, and now you want me out of here?  Instead of leaving $7 for the tip, which is over 20% I leave $6.  I don't like writing a bad review on a local joint, I don't.  But if you read the reviews the feelings are that the service is poor and the food is ok and the prices are high. The service was poor, the food was good to pretty good and the prices were a touch high but not to bad.  Poor service is a reflection of leadership and training.  If mediocrity is ok for you, then fine, but if you want to excel, then someone needs to lead this crew.  As for the food, the sauces made it.  Maybe I'll go again, but it won't be anytime soon.
4	Waked by there this evening and put in a to go order.  Took a nice walk and picked up our fish burrito, fish tacos and spinach and potato empanadas.  Yum!
5	One of the best meals I have ever had! The atmosphere of the small cafe was playful and happy- music was great, and the service was excellent. Our waitress was sweet, knowledgeable and clearly a professional at what she does- Seriously a great server (I have 6 years in the service industry, I've seen all ends of the spectrum... She was great!) We has the fried yucca and patakones for appetizer- both were awesome- I preferred the latter- great flavors and doused with mango man sauce! My brother in- law got a mango smoothie, it was like drinking pure mango, nothing artificial tasting.For a entree I had the special, black chicken, roasted for 19hours. It was so tender and delicious, I rarely get chicken for a meal and this was so great.  Chocolate rum cake for dessert sealed the deal. One of my top 5 meals ever!
2	This place is alright, but it's not worth going out of your way to go there.  The one time I went there, it was a not very busy Saturday and it took awhile for us to get our food because of both how slow the order was made and also due to our server, who managed to perform an extremely confusing mixup with our food.  Everything I had tasted decent, and the special sauce was pretty good, but at the same time it wasn't amazing.  This would be fine normally, but the prices here are significantly higher compared to places with similar quality food.  Most entrees here are over $15 and they really feel like they should be like $5 less.  This is even worse for vegetarians, because you have to pay extra in order to substitute tofu into dishes, which is an anomaly for anything on Willy Street.  Finally, the setting is somewhat odd, as it's in a house, and I remember the chairs at the table we were at being somewhat sticky.Bottom line:  Take average food, then add slower than average service, higher than average prices, all within a weirder than average building and you get a restaurant that's not quite unbearable, but definitely not worth a trip.
5	Very, very good!  We haven't had that good of service in a long time.  The tilapia was wonderful, and my wife LOVED her chicken special with the sweet island BBQ sauce.  The sweet plantain dessert was great, too.  Overall, a excellent meal!
4	Curried chicken was great, pulled pork was amazing.  Pricier than I thought it'd be but the food was delicious.
5	I looove this place. The food is amazing! Very flavorful and tasty! TONY the mango man makes the best caparinhas I've ever had! I also highly recommend the coconut jumbo shrimp, the ceviche, and the island tilapia fish.
4	The Mango Man is really nice and friendly, I was happy to meet the man in the kitchen! This is a small restaurant, but that's okay, because it really is more of a cafe anyways. I enjoyed a pork dish on my visit, the pork was tender and the rice complimented the dish nicely. The lettuce however, I could have gone without - but that would have really limited the meal. There were two different sauces available and they were both spicy (or at least spicy to me, I don't dabble with spice well).My favorite thing was their vast rum selection. While the drinks were small and there was a lot of ice, I will say they didn't skimp on the booze. As my friend said, "this is how I make them at home!" Which means, they were strong drinks with a touch of soda.If you are looking for the Caribbean experience, you will certainly get it here! Get a rum smoothy, that is a real bang for your buck.
5	My friend and I tried to go to Weary Traveler, but there was a long wait so we started walking down Willy St. I had never heard of Cafe Costa Rica, and we were intrigued by the outside of the place. There was no wait, and the waitress was great! She was really friendly and explained all the food and sauces really well. We split the quesadilla and the curry chicken. The curry chicken was awesome, and I would definitely order that again! The quesadilla was also above average, I just liked the curry chicken more. All the sides that come with the dishes are great, and the sauces they give you on the side are interesting to try with the food. Everything was flavorful and cooked just right!I will be back!
3	Firstly we got there and realized it was cash only. So that was not the best start as we didn't have cash on us. We had to run to the gas station and draw some money. After that we had a pleasant dinner. Food was very good and the cocktails were even better. All the wait staff were very friendly and full of knowledge on how the meals were prepared. I would recommend this place, just have cash ready.
4	The sauces were amazing! Service was a little slow, but the staff were very friendly! Would definitely visit again!
1	As a Madison resident for just shy of a year, my partner and I have been tasting our way through various restaurants and pubs, particularly in the Willy St. area. This was our first visit to Cafe Costa Rica and will be our very last.  The service was insanely slow, my drink order was incorrect, and the food was bland and cold. Another couple walked out without placing a food order after nearly an hour waiting for their drinks to arrive. In the restaurant's defense, there appeared to only be one server working, but if you can't handle five tables, you might consider a new profession.  We were looking to try out a new neighborhood place and enjoy the outdoor seating, but we should have noticed red flags when the place was practically empty while neighboring places (jolly bob's and weary traveler) were packed. We're all about supporting our local businesses but we will never throw away 50 bucks at this place again.
1	After ordering our over priced cocktails (mine was incorrect by the way), we ordered the pork quesadilla and the special.  After an hour of swatting fruit flies for entertainment our server let us know that there was a "miscommunication" and we'd get our food shortly.  Mind you we were the ONLY table inside.  Two 2-tops outside.  Once we finally get our food, the quesadillas didn't even have the pork in them but by this time we had waited long enough so I just inhaled them and tried to get out of there as soon as possible.  Would not recommend nor return.
2	As other reviewers have stated, the service is atrociously slow. On a Saturday night, we walked in the dining room and no one was at the hostess stand. We hang around for about five minutes before a server walks in and sees us standing there. He hands us menus and silverware, tells us to sit wherever we like, and also to grab the two bottles of sauce hanging out on a table. Needless to say, this new and innovative way of seating customers did not really win points from me. Another good 10 minutes rolls by before a different server comes out to ask us if we'd like anything to drink. I would like to note that there were a total of six tables that were seated, both inside and out, with two servers working. Our server starts telling us about the history of the restaurant. I think this is something that you should print on your menu or have on a sign in the restaurant, not something you make your server recite to every table. We'd like to hear about tonight's specials, please. Also, in case you missed it, there are signs everywhere that say cash or local check only. I asked the server what the Costa Rican coffee was. She had no idea. Maybe now would be a good time to learn? We place our order for a rum smoothie, the curry chicken, and pulled pork. It took about 15 minutes for them to make that drink, and then another 30 minutes to make our food, despite several reassurances from our server that our food would be out "shortly." The curry chicken was pretty disappointing. As another reviewer mentioned, there was an overabundance of chicken broth soaking everything on the plate. The greens on the plate were basically just shredded iceberg with some pico on top. The chicken was bland and needed heavy application of the sauce (which we had to snag from a recently departed table, as the waitstaff were too busy doing whatever). The single fried plantain was nice though.We had to flag our server down for the check, and go inside to hand it to them. She asks if I want change. Um...yes? Service 101: never ask the customer if they want change; always make change. Food: It was ok.Service: Absolutely terrible.
4	Was very impressed by the food! Everything was fresh and the dinner special was awesome. Good drinks and friendly service, love the sauces too. Will defiantly visit again
3	I give it three stars because the service--well leaves a lot to be desired--like actually service. Our server never asked how the food was btw once we received it it was AMAZING! Accept for the appetizer (Yucca Fries) were not worth it, but the dinner was almost worth the wait. The flavors were delicious! We had the Blacken Chicken Special; however, the price did not make it seem that "special". We had ordered drinks too, Mango Mojito--tasty! I was afraid to order another because the sever didn't even ask if I wanted another one and I didn't want to wait another 30 mins for it.
5	When on a Sunday evening and they were pretty busy so the service was a bit slow. However it was well worth the wait. I had the curry chicken and it was phenomenal. The flavors were amazing and if I wasn't in public I would have licked the plate clean. Great place for a casual dinner with friends where you don't have a time constraint and aren't in a rush. Loved it!
4	We ate at Cafe Costa Rica because we love Costa Rican "typical food" and Belizean cuisine. We sat ourselves outside on the patio to enjoy one of the last days of sunshine and listen to the music. Our waiter brought us menus after a few minutes--not a long time, but enough for us to wonder where he was. And then, we did question whether he'd come back when we saw him leave the restaurant and saunter across the street to the gas station. In the meantime, we amused ourselves by looking up the Yelp reviews about the place-- as we watched our waiter cross the street, we giggled and read about how the service was ridiculously slow, and not to eat here if you're starving. We were prepared for the worst! Although we were a bit cold...But he came right back, in just a couple minutes. We only waited about 15 minutes for our appetizer, the yucca fries, which were hot and delicious. The ceviche came shortly after, and was great. The curried chicken came in short succession, and was tasty and filling. The salad was happy mixed greens. The sauces, as everyone mentions, were delicious--we even bought some to take home. All in all, we thought our waiter was sweet, and we thoroughly enjoyed our meal.
