4	Las Vegas, where you can do anything. Plop down $25 and you can fire off the assault rifle of your choice. $15 for handgun rental. Staff is helpful, and you can get in, shoot, and get out quick and hassle free. I was surpised how easy it was to get my hands on a .44 and some ammo, despite being horribly hung over and quite possibly still drunk from the night before. AMERICA, FUCK YEAH.
5	What better way to cap off your Vegas binging excursion than to cap off a few hundred rounds from a semi-automatic assault rifle?  Angry about current Gas prices?  Pick the Osama target.  DO NOT be dissuaded by the prices.  Expensive, but worth every penny!
5	Pricy, but oh so worth it.  The staff is very friendly and will make sure you are handling the guns safely, as well as giving you firing tips and being very pumped up about the prospect of firing fully automatic weapons.  Imagine Randy the Macho Man Savage saying, "Yeeeahh, now we're going to fire the AK-47, keep your hand on the front grip and kill that Osama target, oh yeaah, shoot it in the head, ooh yeaaah!"You buy your time by the magazine, prices range from $25 to $45 per magazine.  If you go with a friend you can swap weapons, but you have to expend the magazine before swapping so you'll each have to buy 2.  I fired the fully auto M16 and fully auto AK-47 and that was a crapton of fun.
5	Ever feel the need to shoot automatic and semi-automatic weapons after a long night of debauchery while in Las Vegas? I had the chance to visit this fine establishment during my bachelor party, and wow, nothing says a pow like putting a 100 bullets in targets featuring Saddam, dark-skinned gangstas, and shady looking Mexicans. When I inquired about shooting white people, the guy behind the counter apologized for being out of stock of the target of a white woman behing held at gunpoint by a guy in a mask. He called it, "The Ex-Wife Special."Good times, as Major Bludd used to say, "When you're feeling low and woozy, slap a fresh clip in your uzi."
5	A bunch of us decided to celebrate New Years in Vegas. We rented a house for almost an entire week and started to plan out our week. I don't know about you, but we can never find anything to do early in the day. Too early to gamble, too early to drink (yes you heard me right), I'm not the type to lay around the pool.... then it hit us.... SHOOTING RANGE!! In California you're only allowed to shoot hand guns at indoor shooting ranges and you can't even shoot a BB gun withing city limits, which I had to find out the hard way. (stupid neighbors) This place however has a huge selection of automatic and semi-automatic weapons. There are a lot of hand guns as well, but you can do that anywhere so why bother. I got myself a M16, and to tell you the truth I don't remember what my friends got, I was just having so much fun. For a lot of those guns they have someone actually accompany you and show you how to properly hold the weapon, how to stand to minimize the kickback, how to aim properly and just basic gun safety rules. My target was a guy holding a woman hostage, and truth be told ... I was aiming at the woman. ( I have a weird sense of humor )    I still have the target, I just might upload a picture of it for everyone to see my horrible aim. I have to say it looks a lot easier on TV and in video games.
3	Never having fired a gun before, I thought it would be interesting to give machine guns a try.  For about $50, The Gun Store provides a choice of about a dozen models (e.g., M16, Uzi, M249, AK47).The whole experience was pretty strange.  I got in a short line, filled in a form which in effect said that I realized guns were dangerous and I might die, selected a gun (like I really knew the difference between the choices!), put on ear and eye protection, and I was ready to go.I chose a Colt M16 9 mm.  Fifty rounds of ammunition cost $40; 100 rounds go for $65.  An instructor took me to the firing range and showed me how to stand, how to hold the gun, and how to aim.  Fire away!It's something that's worth doing once, but I don't plan to return.
4	I manage to get out here on almost every trip to Vegas, and it's a different kind of fun than the usual strip antics.  Most of the other reviews describe this well: drop a few bucks, get an automatic weapon, and burn through your ammo in a matter of seconds.Noteworthy weapons available include a rare Madsen M-50 with silencer, and an M-249 squad gun with belt-fed ammo.  It's extremely easy to burn through $160 of ammo in a few seconds when you're doing it Rambo-style on belts.There's the usual collection of accessories and guns for sale, if you're a local and want to do your firearm shopping here; if you're visiting from Tokyo or New York, this probably doesn't figure in for you.  They also have concealed carry classes here that are supposed to be decent.
1	Where to begin? The lighting in their range sucks for one. Second the staff rushes you through the experience...you really feel like a sucker tourist at this place.First you pay then they load up your magazines. I was told to go right on into the range(yes his exact words) and the guy pointed at "whatshisface"  and said he would be with me in a few minutes. Then I get yelled at by "whatshisface" that I was supposed to wait behind the counter until someone came to help me.  At this point I was starting to get annoyed.  So after waiting 5-8 minutes "whatshisface" came to escort me into the shooting range. I rented the MP40, which jammed frequently.  The guy said it was my fault...I wasn't shooting it fast enough...yeah right whatever.  The other MP40 I fired also in Nevada at a different range didn't have that problem. Their staff seemed like mall-ninja's and part-time security guards complete with outfits.This is the second range I've been to in the Vegas area...the other one was in Henderson, they had better staffing and lighting in their range.
3	Got a free afternoon?  Why not shoot a gun for the 1st time?  I opted to shoot the Osama poster.  $20, 20 rounds with a baretta.  I had no idea which gun to shoot since I know nothing about this stuff but I thought a handgun would be more "fun".  I wasn't even ready for the pop from the initial shot.  My plan was to start with the handgun and then move on to a machine gun but I was kinda done with the whole thing after 20 rounds with the handgun.  The experience was more interesting than fun.  I am glad I did it but I'm not on the edge of my seat waiting to shoot a gun again.  I guess that's just me.
4	There have been two times in my life I have where I have felt "less than manly."Incident number one was the first time I hung out with my ultra-cool ultra-hip black friends.  As a white guy, it just doesn't work out in my favor. I tried the knuckle bump, chest bump, reverse sidearm hug dealio and just messed it up all around.  Incident number two was this exchange at the Gun Store.Gun guy: You want a target?Archie: I guess.Gun guy: Well, we got Osama bin al qaeda, we got your standard Muslim terrorist and I got a hippie protester.Archie: Ummm...Osama bin al qaeda?  And you really have a hippie protester?Gun guy: Oh, you're one of those Californians huh?  You gonna give me a lecture on being P and C?Archie: I honestly wouldn't know where to begin.Gun guy: What?Archie: Nothing.  Was just commenting on the weight of this gun.Gun guy: You sure you can handle all that firepower?  I mean, being from California and all?Archie: Yeah, you know me, I am a former Blood now turned Latin King.  Lol.(COMPLETE SILENCE AND BIG WIDE EYES)Gun guy: (hand over holstered gun) Lane 6.  Make it quick.Aside from the "differing political viewpoints" and scary armed personnel, this place is pretty fun.Expensive, but fun.Target.
5	Ive been to The Gun Store about a half dozen times over the years and Ive always had a good experience. Im reading some of these reviews and, man, I just dont know if the reviewer had a bad day or you just can't take a joke or what. The guys that work at the store have always been very helpful to me and my friends and family.First, I have NEVER been rushed on or off the range. I have been given proper eye and ear protection, always. We have always been escorted onto the range, assisted on the range, helped with jams (the guys have always pulled extra rounds out of their pockets to reload a jammed round as well, thanks boys). Specifically, a Navy SEAL named Alan who was the nicest guy in the bunch. At tthe end, there have always been nig thank yous and handshakes and well deserved tips. I dont know if you tip a guy on a gun range, but we did because the guys were that nice.If you want to talk forign polocy, don't head to this place. This is their house and you shoot by their rules; It's not fucking SEARS and they don't have an HR departemnt or a Complaint Box. You treat the guys and their guns with respect and they will do the same for you.And yes, if you're from California or Massachucetts, they will probably break your balls a bit. Suck it up and roll with the punches, you're in the desert, drinking, gambling and shooting FUCKING MACHINE GUNS. Enjoy it!
4	I was feeling real down after losing what amounted to a good sum of money to me on the strip hours before coming to The Gun Store. A plus for directness of meaning but a minus for creativity in the name department. I guess it's blunt like a bullet which is absolutely fine. I had always wanted to fire the sub machine gun that saved the world so I purchased 100 rounds for the M1A1 Thompson. If it was good enough for our boys in DubyaDubyaDeuce than it sure as shootin is good enough for me. With each burst of fire from the gun I could feel the stench of failure giving way to the scent of gun powder and gun oil. My firearm did jam on me a few times and clearing the breach was as hands on as I was able to get as the staff will treat you like a child and load the gun for you. That was a little irritating as I am familiar with various firearms and ... well I get it. I understand the safety behind it. Beside using firearms that are very illegal in my homestate it was fun to do something other than gamble and drink for a bit. My friends also bought knives from the store and we had a good time chatting up the helpful staff. So, why not the Gun Store?
3	I'll give this place 3 stars because this place offers something different for people to try in Las Vegas; especially if you've never shot a gun before.So let me talk about my experience. I rented a 1911 and an M16. With the ammo(a box of 50 rounds for the .45 and a magazine of 30 rounds in .223.... it was more than 50 bucks! Damn that's expensive. Well, I came in pretending that I never shot a gun before and played dumb( I have a really big gun collection at home). I admit, the guy was nice(probably because he saw the wad of cash on me). He put up the first target for me to shoot at with the M16. He put it upside down because he said people tend to aim for the head(whatever that means) and he put it literally 7 yards away! hahaha!! I'm not that retarded! So, I started shooting and after a few rounds, he realized that I wasn't some newbie and put the target all the way to the back. LOL He didn't even bother showing me how to use the 1911 afterwards. So, if you're new to guns and want to try shooting one(especially a full auto) or if you want to do something different in vegas, try it out but it can get real expensive. But for you people that are gun people like me, NOT WORTH IT.
5	The Gun Store is ten minutes east of the MGM Grand on Tropicana and allows you to shoot many of the guns you've seen in popular action movies.  Shooting a gun is just fun, who doesn't want to be the action hero.  Four great guns you can shoot there:1. The Glock 9mm.  It's small, evenly weighted and simple to use, with a very effective sight.  Best handgun ever?  They also carry the subcompact "baby Glock" 26.2. The big .45 magnum revolvers like Clint Eastwood sports in the Dirty Hairy movies.  It looks fab, but it's like shooting a pirate cannon, odds are you won't get close to the bullseye, and it sort of hurts.  3. The 9mm Beretta that James Bond was so fond of, before the Walther PPK.  4. Just about any machine gun, tommy gun, or automatic weapon you can think of.  In my opinion the handguns offer the best value.  You can take your time, aim, and work on your accuracy.  The machine guns are mostly like operating a jackhammer, or holding onto a rollercoaster restraining bar.  They're loud as hell, hard to control, and at $1 a bullet it's possible to go through $100 in 30 seconds.  So I'd go with the handguns.This place is well run with friendly, professional employees who get you in and out with minimal drama.  They're very inclusive - the last time I was there, the person in line in front of me was a 60 something grandma with an M4 Carbine automatic rifle.  Bitchin Granny!
5	Too fun! They even have a PINK MACHINE GUN for the ladies (of for really happy men as one of the guys put it).My BF was like a kid in a candy store - it's like a girl shopping the day after Thankgiving! LOLTry the minime, it's a fuuuuuuun gun but shoot slow or your $50 will be gone in about 10 seconds.FYI - if you go to their website www.thegunstorelasvegas.com, you can print out a $5 coupon off machine gun rentals. They also have a coupon in those free books you get in the cabs.
5	I love this place. See, I live in California, a place where guns go to cry. We have no places like this, and laws that make owning half of them impossible short of a class 3.I shot my way through all my Christmas and birthday money, an H&K MP5, the Dirty Harry, M3 Grease Gun, a mossberg 500 with pistol grips and a pump handle, and enjoyed every minute of it. You get to pick out your target paper and keep it if you want, and they'll even let you take a picture with your favorite gun.If you ask nice and aren't retarded they also let you have some fun if the range is empty. Also, they have eyes and ears so you don't have to bring or buy some (a nice touch!)!Also, check out the store next door, you won't get much help once they know you have a CA ID, but they're still cool.Also, you can get some bad ass night sticks! Great souvenirs!
4	Today rocked... why?  Because I got to go and shoot off an H&Kmp5, an AK 47, and a M249 SAW.  heehee.  Yes yes, I do have a bit of a bruise on my shoulder now but, it's worth it!  I like being on a range like that.  The smell of the gun powder took me back to basic training days... *sigh*.  Now, people pay hundreds of dollars for what the military PAID ME to be trained for.  LoL  Guess I kinda took it for granted then... After rental fees, it's @ a buck a bullet depending on your weapon of choice, btw.The staff at The Gun Store was nice enough; authoritarian when needed for safety but customer friendly at times also.  I know these weapons experts must get a little irritated with all the eager and under-educated tourists who come in to blast off a machine gun, but they do well in not showing it.  All in all it was a cool experience.  I have to take a star away though cause it's SO expensive.  And I mean WOW expensive for the time you spend at it.  Meh... still a good thing to try at least once.  Might see ya there!
4	Holy cr@p that was seriously AWESOME!I can't believe that I shot an H&K MP5, AK 47, 12 ga. shotgun, Sig P226 and the M4...OMG!My suggestion is to go on Sunday morning - the range isn't so frantic and the range masters can spend more time with you. If you go on a Saturday afternoon, expect to be herded through the range like cattle - it's just CRAZY!! I blew a huge wad of cash (among other things...) here, it's seriously easy to do. You can be sure that I'm going back when I'm in Vegas again!
3	finally i got my hands on a m249. awesome sales floor, fully stocked and everything a gun nut could ask for.
5	First of all, this place is not for the faint of heart. Secondly, you might spend the same amount of money here and get more thrills than burning through $100 at the blackjack tables in 30 mins.Walking into this place is like every boy's wet dream. By that I mean every kid that has dreamed of being James Bond, in an action movie, being a secret agent, printing up fake special agent ids, etc etc.After oogling over every display, I chose two clips for the Sig P228 and a clip of the AR15. Also picked out a target print of Saddam, and a regular to shoot at for a few extra bucks.The range folk are all really really nice (coupled with the fact they are all strapped). They know we're here because we're not necessarily gun freaks, but more just yearning to live out our action hero dreams.The range inside is very nice, a bit chilly (b/c of the heat from shooting rifles), so bring a light jacket. We shot the rifles while being supervised by a range guy, going one at a time (we had four people) while he stood behind us (watch out for recoil!). Burst firing 3-4 rounds at a time, my elation of the rifle lasted a few minutes, but it was worth it. Kudos to the range guy (some asian dude) for letting one of my buddies hold down the trigger and burn through half a clip (he said, don't shit yourself when you do this). Great video of my buddy doing so.The pistols were a lot more fun in my opinion. You get to shoot at your own pace, without a guy looking over your shoulder the whole time, and you get to load your pullets into the magazine manually, a la Rambo scenes where he's putting bullets into various clips. Feels a lot more authentic.All in all, spent about $65 on my hour of fun here. Of course, its really expensive (Milpitas Gun Club is about $25 for more rounds), but being from CA, we don't get any rifles to shoot, so this was definitely worth a day. Go here, then go to a strip club, then go win some money, and you might have just done three of the manliest things you could do in Vegas.
5	We went to The Gun Store one morning while searching for something to do.  Most states have issues with fully automatic machine guns.  Not Nevada.  At The Gun Store you can purchase a few rounds to shoot just for fun, so that's what we did.In fact, we picked the Coalition Package, where we were able to shoot three guns (one pistol, one semi-auto, one fully auto), and we got a free t-shirt to boot.  There just aren't that many options of where you can do this sort of thing, and it was absolutely worth it.The staff was completely professional the whole way through, and very helpful with gun education and safety.  One suggestion - go early.  We arrived at perhaps 10am, and by the time we were leaving, the people were streaming in.
5	i shot an mp5, m16 a freaken saw 30 cal. i couldnt believe it. i had a coupon so it was so cheap.every time i go to vegas i make sure i go to the gun store babee!!
4	This place was a blast (pun intended). We rented a Glock and PD5 machine gun. They processed us quickly showed us how to use these weapons and we shot for about 200 rounds. The staff was very freindly. the one odd thing was it was 40 degrees in the shooting area. they did not say why they keep it so cold.
3	I took my boss here, and we had a great time.  I think the money was well spent, and the RO's here were glad to help us have some fun.  The package deals are great, and my boss ( a BIG WWII buff) had a "blast."  The only reason I think this place is only OK, is that is is pretty far off the strip (takes a while to get a cab), and the gun store next to the range is full of idiots.  The idiot behind the counter had no idea what the laws pertaining to an FFL transfer to Cali were and made up a ton of other junk about our state.  I wouldn't spend any of my money buying anything in there...especially with my commie-pinko-california money.That all said...get your full-auto on and bring a change of undies or baby wipes after you're done.
3	It was not a typical birthday.  Most people want to go clubbing, barhopping, or whatnot.  I mean, it's Vegas - what else is there to do?Apparently, boys in Vegas would rather go play Real Life: Grand Theft Auto - just minus the cars and the ho's, of course.Six of us stepped into a shabby looking concrete building and.. whoa mama!  My eyes were overwhelmed by the sight of rows and rows of guns and bullets and targets and earmuffs and goggles and people and... It was like some heavy duty artillery.  Unlike other shooting ranges I've been to, the inside was fairly clean and well-lit, with workers dressed like cop-strippers (strippers dressed like cops, I suppose) milling about pointing things out to excited customers.I'm not a gun aficionado, so I can't really tell you WHY this place was so popular, except the boys did mention something about semi-autos being legal in Nevada.  I guess they just wanted to play Shoot 'Em Up.At first, I was game for shooting a couple rounds.  Then I found out how much it cost.  I don't remember the exact price grid, but based on my calculations, I would spend $50 to shoot for, oh.. I dunno... five seconds.No thanks!  I'll keep my money in my pockets and you can keep your bullets in your cases.I did go in (with my muffs and goggles on, of course) to the actual indoor range to watch the boys shoot.  And just as I predicted, they were done in about 2 minutes, and that's INCLUDING all the instructional time.Apparently, they all got some crazy thrill.  On my end, I just had a headache from the rapid-fire rat-tat-tat-tat-tat that blasted through my earmuffs.  *rubbing forehead*I wouldn't ever pay for it myself, but I did have fun tagging along.  Plus, I got to hold the guns and take pictures!  Fun times.  ^^
4	When heading to Vegas, you've got all kinds of unique experiences available to you... But how often do you get to shoot a fully-automatic machine gun? It happens in Vegas!Me and a couple of friends took a taxi over to The Gun Store, which was a few miles off the strip. We walked in and were confronted with a wall of firearms, ranging from semi-automatic AR-15s to more esoteric guns like a .50 Desert Eagle and WWII-era Thompson machine gun. From there, we signed in, picked out our weapon (I opted for a fully-auto M-16) and target (they've got your standard array of "bad guys," Osama Bin Laden, and zombies, which is what I went with) and paid up. For most firearms, the cost is about $50 for two magazines that contain 25 rounds each, which is a fair enough price. When dealing with a full-auto firearm, though, those 50 rounds go by fast! Each shooter is assigned a handler who stands behind you and reloads your firearm once the magazine runs dry. He's also got a pistol on his belt if you or anyone else were to try something funny.All in all, a fun, different thing to do while in Vegas that makes for an interesting story. If you've ever wondered what shooting an actual machine gun is like, check this place out.
5	Some people come to Vegas to gamble, some to drink, some are looking for illegal substances and/or the company of less than reputable 'entertainment professionals'.Me?  Ostensibly I came to go to a bachelor party, but really I came to shoot a machine gun.  Make that two machine guns.  And an old-style Colt revolver.  And an old western repeater rifle.  And a sniper rifle. And I was going to do an UZI too, but I'd already spent more money than most people lose in a day gambling in Vegas, so I called it a day.The guys behind the counter here are deathly serious, but they have to be.  If you try to go nutso with a machine gun at this place, their job is to take you down.  After I shot a few strings with a few of they guys they realized I wasn't about to go postal and started to loosen up, and some of the stories they had were excellent.  I think all the guys here are ex-military, and all of them know their way around all of the guns... I mean, it's their job.I thought the paper targets there were more than a little creepy, but they had no problem with me shooting my own targets... which were $5 Vegas t-shirts I scored at the discount bin up on Fremont Street.  Not only did I not feel dirty for shooting pictures of obviously non-white people, I had souvenirs when I left!  Good times.I highly recommend coming here if you're not a gun nut.  If you are a gun nut, you probably own half the stuff they have anyway and can shoot it in your backyard way cheaper... except the full auto stuff, of course.  Me, I prefer to leave the hardware at the range.
5	M249 saw, MP5 and an M16. Its a high like no other...load, lean and go kamikaze!!! BEST EVER EXPERIENCE! Made me want to enlist...then the high faded...REALITY is a BITCH!
4	I've been here twice, once on my own and once with a bachelor party.  Both times were very very fun.When you walk in here, if you walk in through the store you are welcomed by the sight of numerous assault weapons illegal in California and many other states, along with a plethora of other guns and gun accessories.  If you walk in through the range, you are welcomed by the muffled sound of machine gun fire and the sight of numerous guns that you can rent, both on the wall and in the glass case.  You'll be greeted by staff who are mostly friendly, and all of whom are packing heat (you do not want to fuck around here).The selection of weapons is amazing/overwhelming for someone like me who doesn't know jackshit about guns, but our bachelor has shot many guns in his life and was still quite impressed with the selection.The downside is that you pay for any number of rounds, but they go quick.  You can easily go through $100 in 10 minutes or less, but it's an experience that cannot be matched.I have shot a police sniper rifle, an AK-47, an M16, a SIG semi-auto, a glock, and some other pistol that I can't remember.If you are at all interested in guns, go here.  The reason it's not 5 stars is that the service is hit-or-miss.  Some of the staff aren't that friendly, and they also can screw up which targets you get, but these are really minor issues.Haha, I just noticed the "Good for Kids" survey question here, which is unquestionably NO.
4	Holy smokes, what a place. I came to Vegas on vacation from NJ, which has some of the strictest gun laws in the country. I've fired a few handguns before, but because of the NJ laws I was never able to get a license or shoot anything beyond a 9mm as a guest at a range. Apparently, things are a little different in Nevada. I went to this place with my buddy on a Saturday afternoon and it was absolutely packed. Two girls had us sign waivers and told us the wait would be 45 mins to an hour, unless we paid an extra 50 bucks to skip to the front of the line. We paid the $50 and walked right in. I chose to shoot the "Coalition Package", which includes an M249 SAW, an M-16, and an M9 pistol. In addition to that I also chose to shoot a .44 Magnum "Dirty Harry" revolver. Our instructor was awesome, if a bit of a nutcase, and was definitely enthusiastic about heavy artillery. Instead of shooting at regular circle targets, the targets were almost life-size paper cut-outs of Osama Bin Laden and Hamas terrorists. Pretty funny stuff. My only regret was that we went at probably the most popular time of the week. The place was packed and I felt a little rushed going in and out. That being said, I had a great time. This is definitely one of those only-in-Vegas experiences.
5	tak*tak*tak*tak!!!!That's the sound of a machine gun. I swears it.Much like a lap dance the price is high and it's over quickly. But unlike a lap dance, it's worth it! I needed to blow of some steam and kill a zombie badly. I will admit that the ladies were treated better than the men, but we all had an enjoyable time here. Our instructor was great! He was very informative and made sure we didn't kill anyone by accident. :DIf you go to Vegas, you must do this. It's expensive...it cost us about $150 for 2 machine guns and an extra round a piece. I mean..you do need an extra round otherwise don't waste your time! And by killing a zombie I mean they have zombie targets. But it seems like the favorite is the Osama Bin Laden target...because red blooded Americans want to kill him...with machine guns....but you can also get a Terminator target and all sorts of other racial stereotype targets too!Now go! SHOOT SOME SHIT UP!
2	Really similar to a VIP lap dance. Fun, fast and expensive. It's a must do for the first time but you wouldn't be all that eager to do it all again.I shot the SAW, MP5 and m4 on their 3 guns for $160 package. It was a worthwhile experience but the guys there rush you and you can be in and out within 15 minutes. The guys rush you and don't really give you that many pointers. Other guys with other groups were taking their time though and helping out and letting pictures be taken with the guns. Word of warning if you get a taxi here w/ no cell the gun store wont call a taxi for your afterwards so we went to a 711 payphone and then was told the wait was 1hr, so ended up on the bus back to MGM and then taxi from there to Hard Rock. Kinda lame.
4	We had an awesome time at the Gun Store!  I tried the Gun Store package which came with an MP5, AK47, and a 12-gauge shotgun...so much fun!  The wife even came along, with 3 other friends, and we all had a fun time.  Overall, interesting/fun place, little pricey excursion, good service.
4	My brother took me here when he came to visit. I have only used a 22 for target practice and I have never taken a gun safety class, but the staff was still very friendly and unassuming. They asked me what I wanted and when I told them I had no idea they were very helpful and found a good fit for me.
3	Did some shooting here not to long ago. professional staff but some of the girls they have working there are clearly just for looks. I just about got tackled by one of the guys working in the shooting area because I was SPECIFICALLY and REPEATEDLY told by the women at the register to ONLY load my mags AT THE TABLE in the shooting area. I did as I was instructed only to be seriously rebuked inside. Yes only load your mags in the stall you are shooting in. also, I don't know if it is intentional but there is some serious air flow in there. it causes the paper targets to move constantly. it's hard to practice.
5	LET ME SEE YOUR WAR FACE!what an awesome experience! the staff are all friendly, professional, and well-trained (ex-military dudes, ranging in ages). having never fired a gun before (thank you, restrictive NY gun laws), they were extremely patient with me and explained everything - how to stand, how to aim, and how to properly operate it.these guys take it very seriously, and safety is top priority. visors for your eyes, noise-cancelling ear guards, and an instructor standing right next to you.yes, it's a little pricey, but it's totally worth it. incredible amounts of fun. you get to pick a target for each gun (zombies! Osama bin Laden! a zombie Osama bin Laden!) and keep those when you're done, plus you get a shirt.it's a quick ride from the Strip. we stayed at TI, and a cab from there to the Gun Store was $20 for 4 guys, pretty nice.you have the option of several packages of guns to fire, or you can do a la carte, or you can make up your own package. I recommend the Gun Store Choice package (submachine gun, shotgun, AK47). I souped it up by spending a little more and firing off a revolver as well. in total, that cost me $145.spending $145 on firing off guns is much more satisfying than losing $145 in gambling.zombies beware, I'm fucking prepared.
5	Had a fantastic time here.  A group of went over and did a package.  The employee were very attentive, professional and fun.  I'll never forget it and will definitely go back when I'm in Vegas again.This place has got me into looking in shooting as a hobby, that's for sure.
5	I went with 2 friends and my father-in-law this past weekend. I have never shot a gun but I figured I would make my first time a winner with real artillery. I went hoping I could fire the Gatling gun that Jesse Ventura fires in Predator. Unfortunately I was disappointed. They did not have one. After gathering myself in the corner I ended up shooting an M16, M9 and a M249. Very spectacular. After owning all of my target victims with sheer force and terror I took my shredded pieces of terrorist paper and rolled them up to transport to the hotel morgue. Bizz - 3Paper terrorist scum - 0
5	Been here 3 times, and it's great each time. You will spend a LOT of money here, but it's worth it if you love guns, or even if you want to shoot a gun for the first time. Don't be intimidated, most of the people that come in here are first timers, and they know that.If you are on the strip I suggest taking the bus here instead of a taxi if you want to save money. Just take the Deuce on the strip to Tropicana @ The Excaliber, and get on the 201 Tropicana East and get off at Harrison. Get a day pass for 7 bucks and ride it around, it's very easy.They let you take people into the range to take pictures, pose with the guns, etc.. but everyone has to sign a waiver.
3	Went there today.  Being that I've never gone to a shooting range, I have nothing to compare it to.  There was a wall of guns you can choose from.  They didn't have any small handguns free at the time we went in so I ended up with a Desert Eagle .44 Magnum. You can pick which one you want to use or you can also select from packages they have as well.  (They even have a "shoot the wall" package where you can shoot each and every one of the guns they have on their wall).  After you select the gun/package, you select your target sheet - pretty interesting selection from the basic to Bin-Laden to robbers to zombies.  If there's no line, you go right into the indoor range.  Theres about 10 sectioned off areas for people to shoot.  I don't know about other places, but I felt a little cramped (might have been because it was a Friday and there were many tourists/visitors).  If you're like me and have never touched a gun before, there's an "instructor" that goes with you to show you how to hold it and shoot it so that helped.  I was afraid of the noise/recoil but they have earmuffs (I don't know if there's another term for it) to reduce the noise of all the guns going off around you and plastic glasses to protect your eyes.  The "instructor" kind of stood behind me and held my shoulder to make sure the recoil wasn't bad and so I wouldn't fall back I guess.  My first two shots weren't great but at least I got it on the target sheet. After the first two, I got the hang of it a little.But all in all, it was a fun experience there.  Pricing seemed reasonable and you can visit their website beforehand to see what all the costs are too. Nothing really bad to say about the place. Will probably come back again next time.
3	First timer and I just went October 10th 2009.  I shot a shotgun (10 shells), AK47 (3 clips), MP5 (4 clips) and M1887 (5 rounds) for a total of $350.  I had fun but it was expensive. I spent less than 30 mins blowing through $350.  Luckily our timing was good and nobody was in the more private range room.  A few minutes later it was crazy jam packed.   I had two minor issues.I paid for a shirt but did not get it.I also specified a shotgun I wanted to use when ordering but was given another shotgun, which I used thinking it was part of another package I had ordered.  I later had to pay for the shotgun I really wanted to try. So if you have a certain gun you want to use, specify it.This is one of those things you do once.  If you aren't a gambler it's perfect, you can blow your money on full auto weapons!  Now that I  have tried it once I probably won't do it again.
5	You had me at "machine guns".However I'll admit, I chickened out and opted for a mere handgun on my first trip with a few friends last summer, leaving the big guns to the big boys. The basic handgun experience is $22 which includes 20 rounds, your lane rental, glasses, headset and target. The insturctor was patient with me, trembling to aim the gun and pull the trigger's threshold. Shells richocheted back at him, and he verbally coached me on how to strategically shoot my target, Saddam Hussien.Terrifying, liberating, and addicting.On the cab ride home our driver was telling us all about his stance on gun control. I don't know why I didn't know this factoid he soon shared with us, "Can't shoot those machine guns like that in California."No way I was not going to miss out on the action. I needed to go back to try out the bigger, badder weapons.So my friend Suzee and I, being the girly and giggly newly-discovered adrenaline junkies we are, decided to go back the next day to unleash some more fury. Her old nickname in high school used to be Uzi Suzee, so we decided to each have a run with the Uzi and SAW machine gun, each $50 for 50 rounds each. The closest runner up was the AK47, but we're saving that for our next trip in February. We were a little unsure but after asking the staff about the recoil on the uzi, the guy replies, "it was MADE for a woman." We were sold. It was my 22nd birthday, and it was totally worth the money. Again, I've never been to a shooting range so I can't compare much on the pricing, but it was easily the most fun I had all weekend, and what you spend might be a small sum relative to how else you spend your money in Vegas.We tied our red bandannas across our foreheads and channeled Rambo as we fired at our targets, laughing and nervously grinning the entire time. The staff was cool about letting us take photos with the guns too, and understands that everyone wants to show their friends at home what they did on their vacation. My only constructive criticism was the slightly rushed instructions in actually using the firearms in the lanes. I had to ask twice because he explained it really quickly.I never thought pulling the trigger on military artillery could catalyze such a strong addiction. Now I can't imagine a trip to Vegas without some gun store action.
4	Great experience for those who have always been curious about firing a live gun.  Kind of expensive but worth it if it's your first time.  The staff are very helpful and professional too.
5	Went here in October. The waiting line/selection set up was kind of confusing. However once we got to the range the staff were incredibly helpful. I was nervous initially but they immediately put you at ease. It is a little chaotic in there but hey, part of the atmosphere. It's definitely expensive but as a first timer- I didn't mind paying more to be given that kind of attention. We just grabbed our shirts before leaving, no one directed us to get them. Also make sure you clean the glasses and ear protection if you're a germaphobe since no one keeps track of cleaning them prior to putting them back on the wall.  For a first timer this is definitely worth it! I did the zombie package for 150$ and got to shoot 4 different kinds of guns and a free t shirt. I don't really see this being a deal for anyone familiar with guns- it's clearly meant for tourists who have never gone shooting before. I also liked that they had a good amount of females working the store/range.
1	Avoid the GunStore, they actually shout and scream at you with loaded guns in a very unsafe environment; it is the worst kind of tourist trap.  Expensive, long-lines, no instruction, no safety guidelines, and they actively try to intimidate customers (we think out of lack of respect and the hope you'll finish shooting faster to keep the line moving.) They seem to be the biggest Las Vegas gun-store advertiser (cabs, print, TV) and our concierge told us he gets schmoozed by them all the time so that they'll recommend it.  For friends and family the concierge and LV locals recommend "Las Vegas Gun Range and Firearms Center" on Blue Diamond Road, it's safer, cheaper, less-crowded, easier to get to, more cabs, cleaner, and more fun. Stay clear of the gun store on Tropicana and visit a safer alternative.
4	Do you want to survive a zombie invasion?! Aim for the head! I said aim for the head!Granted, if you wanted to survive a zombie invasion you'd had to shack up in walmart or a costco and know how to shot a shotgun, but hey if you can shoot a shotgun and aim, you're halfway there. So yeah, this place is a bit pricy, but coming from nyc, where legally one can't shoot most of the guns here, its kinda fun for us. I said legally! That and the fact that we had a nice instructor who told us there will be a kickback on the shot gun. He had to push me/hold me as I shot the shotgun. Elmer Fudd never mentioned a kickback! Shot off a bunch of guns, the saw which is a machine gun, that was fun! You do get a thrill from shooting, so go and have fun. How many other times will you get to shoot these things off? Minus a zombie invasion. So go have fun. if you're poor, well then there's always youtube and the carnival where you shoot water into the clown...
4	"Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid."When in Vegas, it's normal to step outside the box that contains and binds you back home, to redefine yourself for a weekend, or, if you're lucky, a long weekend.  I was trying to figure out what out-of-the-Danni-box adventure I would tackle this weekend while standing in a particularly long taxi line at the airport.  A cab pulled up in front of us, wrapped hood to trunk in an advertisement for The Gun Store.  Target acquired; adventure found.Never mind that I had never held a firearm or pulled a trigger before in my life.  The ads and the website promised that anyone could do this with a tiny bit of instruction, and they were right.  What a fun way to spend a little afternoon time in Vegas!  I managed to fire an M9, M16, and M249 at paper targets.  I was not rushed; I had adequate instruction; and most importantly, I had FUN!  If you think you may be squeamish about firing at a target of a person, try their zombie targets, because, well, who doesn't mind firing at zombies if it's a "them or me" scenario?
5	OMG OMG OMG OMG! This place is soo awesome. I've been a couple of times and fired an UZI, AK, machine gun and a Tommy and I can't wait to go back. This place made all my firearm fantasies come true.
4	"You've got to ask yourself one question ... 'Do I feel lucky?'.  Well, do ya, punk?"  I can't really compare this to anything because in California it's more or less illegal to look at pretty much everything on the wall here, but if you want to live out your action movie fantasies, this is the place for you.   When you walk in, sign the waiver, pick your guns (semi auto on the left, full auto on the right) and go.  It does get pricey fast, especially if you pick some of the less common weapons, but it's still a lot of fun, and hey, it's Vegas, what do you expect.  The only real complaint I had was that it was crowded as hell and the range personnel was herding people through like cattle - it seemed the focus was on putting as much lead downrange as fast as possible, instead of taking the time to try to shoot properly.Regardless, I'd still come back the next time I'm in town - I wonder if I can choose the bazooka hanging on the back wall ...
5	I think this was the best 130 dollars I've ever spent in Vegas. I can't think of a better thing to do after a night out than to get up in the middle of the afternoon and shoot some terrorists in the head (paper targets of course). I had never fired a gun before but was completely comfortable here. I got one of the packages and was instructed on how to use each gun.Tip: They have a strong no alcohol policy. If you have been drinking at all before going I would plan on visiting another time.
4	We were super excited to go to the Gun Store because it's Nevada...we can shoot things that's normally illegal in California.  The boys and I got the Coalition package for 130 bucks.  Which came with...M249 SAW w/40 RdsM16 Rifle w/25 RdsM9 Pistol w/ 20 RdsThree TargetsPackage T-ShirtI loved every single moment of it!  We all had fun!  The Gun Store is about 10 minutes away from the strip which comes up to about 13 bucks in cab fare.  Naturally we came just in time for the rush of other trigger happy people!  So if you can, I advise to come in the morning when everyone else is still trying to get up from their hangover.  The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because their crowd control sucked!  I felt rushed.  Most of their employees were really nice but I did find 1 or 2 who seem to hate their job!  I understand that it's busy and it might take a while for my turn but don't rush me dammit!  I'm going to take my time and make you work for your 130 an hour!  But other than that my party and I had a great time and will definitely do it again!
5	I really wasn't going to shoot guns while in Vegas with my beau, but decided to once he and the nice cashier lady convinced me. And I thought, Why not?, since who knows when I will be able to do this again. And wow, I must admit I had alot of fun!! If your nervous about handling guns, shooting or going to a shooting range as I was surely enough, I recommend coming here if you can. All the employees were nice, patient, and very helpful. Best part is is that they load the weapons for you which I was glad cuz I have no idea how to do it. But I think they can train you if you want to do it yourself.So I got the Ladies package which includes a handgun and an AR-15 and a free tank top!I highly recommend this place for gunstore fanatics and for the nervously new shooters like me =]Will definitely go back with my beau when we get the Vegas chance again.
3	This place has a solid selection of merchandise and a top-notch firing range. Unfortunately, an encounter with a rude staff member prevents me from giving it a higher score.As the son of someone who owns a ton of guns, me going in this place was inevitable. However, I have walked away from it with mixed feelings.First and foremost, the positives. There is a lot of merchandise available here, including books on guns/gun makers. The facility has its own firing range, with some unique stuff you can rent and fire, including full automatics! The store really does have a little bit of everything.However, the staff are very hit and miss. To be honest, most of the staff persons I have talked to in here were good people. But one time when I came in here with my father, who was looking for an extra clip for a gun he had just purchased, we had a negative experience that will most likely prevent me from giving this place any more business than I have to. My father could clearly see the clip he needed behind the counter. When asking the staff person if they had any, he said they didn't. When he asked if he could see the clip behind the counter (which my father KNEW was the right one!), the guy just rudely said "I said we don't have any!" Eventually another employee (presumably a manager) came along and took care of us (quite well, might i add) but I hope that other guy got fired.If you're from a place where you can't have/shoot guns and are visiting the Vegas Valley, you've got to swing on in here and test out some of the stuff they have on their range. But if you're just looking to buy stuff, go to Spurlock's instead. TRIVIA: The store is frequently featured on the History Channel series Pawn Stars.
1	I showed up at The Gun Store on a Saturday afternoon with a bachelor party of about 14 guys, ready to spend some time shooting some serious heavy weaponry. The line was out the door when we got there. One of our friends had been drinking, so we told him to just hang out, maybe he could watch or something. The Gun Store employee (didn't catch the name) didn't find that acceptable, and turned away our entire party because one guy had a beer in his hands.We went across town to Discount Firearms, and were treated MUCH better. I can understand requiring sobriety to shoot, but turning away the entire party because of one guy is just ridiculous.
4	One of the cooler things I've done in Las Vegas lately.  $50 for 50 shots.  Shot an M16.  Very empowering.   But very scary at the same time.  3 miles from the Strip.
5	This place was awesome!  Went there for my bachelor party, they hooked us up with a good rate for the VIP room (private gun range) and we all got the zombie package and one coalition package.  I gotta say the zombie package was pretty sweet, but our one guy with the coalition package did get to shoot the saw and that gun is nuts.  I also op'd to shoot the 44 magnum revolver, and that was a bad ass gun.  The people there were very helpful, knew what they were doing, and hilarious.  This place was A+++
3	Pretty cool.  I shot my first gun here.  I won't lie... I was scared shitless, while my friends laughed.I shot a handgun (took me by surprise, holy crap).. and a small machine gun, which seemed more docile, or maybe I was just getting used to it.  The staff were really anal about safety, which is good I guess.  Saves idiots like me from blowing my own head off.  :)After we was done, we headed to dive bar to release all the build up rage & aggression.
3	When traveling in a large group in Vegas, the transportation method of choice is a pimp-tastic limousine.  Said limos are often stocked with booze for your enjoyment.  Just cuz...What?  It's Vegas!So when our group of twenty or so people went to our scheduled mayhem time at The Gun Store, we hoped in a limo, and were on our merry way.  When there was a cooler filled with beer, how could we resist??  So what if it was ten in the morning?But see, some people in my extended group had the genius (read: not genius) idea to bring their not yet finished beer into The Gun Store.We were promptly booted outside on our asses.  Turns out The Gun Store isn't interested in the liability lawsuits of drunk morons shooting guns.So I didn't get to shoot anything, but I gotta respect The Gun Store for saying no to us.  Because clearly, we're idiots.
2	I have been to The Gun Store a few times and I have to say service could be better. Out of the handful of times I have visited, including once to take their Conceal Carry course, I have only met one employee who was kind. The rest ignored me or were downright rude. As far as the range goes, it is a nice one, but is way overpriced compared to some of the other ranges around town. Same goes for their selection in store. It is almost always packed in there and if you plan to shoot, you need to go early and avoid the weekends.
2	Undoubtedly a great place for tourists or anyone wanting to move a lot of lead downrange; however, I went there for a concealed carry permit and it's not exactly their forte.  If you want to get training for your CCW I'd definitely opt for a business that is more focused on training rather than entertainment.
5	I fell in love with The Gun Store since I first went there approximately 4-5 years ago.  The store has been expanded from two years ago and there is a VIP Range!  My trip to The Gun Store last Saturday was wonderful!  I was at the VIP Lounge and shot everything from a handgun, shotgun, rifle, to my dearest Sara Ann Williams, better known as SAW (Squad Automatic Weapon).  The store is packed quite often, so don't be surprised if there is a wait.  I promise it is well worth it!  Jeremy, Jeff, Bebe, Lexy, and Danny are wonderful!  Just a side note, for those who live out in the Vegas area, the store is offering free class for the Vegas Conceal and Carry course beginning September 1st.
4	I frequent The Gun Store when shopping for a new gun. They have a large inventory. I always want to hold a gun, check the action and trigger pull before buying a new model. The staff on the retail side have been very helpful and don't mind letting me check out multiple guns even if I am not buying that day. I bought a Kimber Ultra CDP 1911 there. Good selection of magazines too. The range is too busy with tourists for locals like me to use it .
5	Went to the gun store this past weekend and the experience couldn't have been better.  I was a little hesitant after seeing so many advertisements for the place and feeling like I might be falling into a tourist trap but that was far from the case.  I came from California and wanted to shoot some automatics that I couldn't get my hands on and I found the selection great.  The Range Master that accompanied us through the process (Tom) was professional, courteous and gave us a thorough run through on all the weapons prior to shooting.I shot a Sig P226, AK47 and the SAW M-249 each weapon fired without a hassle and I was even given a couple of tips by the Range Master that helped my accuracy.  Great experience give it 5 stars.Will be back again.
3	Very helpful staff. We were actually looking to purchase a gun but the selection was slim. The staff was so friendly though which is a big plus. We wanted to do the every so popular "Shoot a machine gun" but the line was snaked around and at least 20 people deep, so we just looked around. Will try it again next time!
5	Let me just say in advance that I'm a devoted NPR listener who is environmentally friendly, opposed to war and strongly oppose the conservative right stance on just about everything. I have to admit that I loved every moment that I was at The Gun Store in Las Vegas. When you're done throwing your money away at the craps table and the dealer has taken your shorts in those really one sided games of black  jack, perhaps you should just call it a day and vent it out the good ol' fashion American way... By shooting shit up! Located a bit off the strip is the gun store. A magical place where you go to blow off some steam that losing in sin city probably has caused. And don't give me this idea that you're better off burning money than shooting bullets cause it's all really the same. Only the quick pull of the trigger is like pulling off the band aid to your losses. You wiggle your index finger a couple of times and you lift up the gun to set it up with the cardboard cut out you picked and with your vintage WW2 Tommy Gun you let it all out. Not only that, but you're reliving history by shooting off a classic gun of the such. There's no mistaking it, this is as fun as it gets in Vegas, short of winning the big money jack pot. But we all know that takes hours of battling the card dealers. Shut up and put your money where your mouth is, that's what you get for shooting up in Vegas! The choice of guns here is out of sight. California has a silly room that they don't allow fully automatic weapons in the state. Vegas? Well, no such thing. They figure that nothing protects your home better than shooting a lot of bullets at once. They have Machine guns, you could feel like a nazi with an MP40, a terrorist with an AK47, some counter terrorist with an MP5.My favorites were the Tommy Gun, which felt so good in your hands. You could just picture the Third Reich forces just in front of you while you breath in, breath out and pull that trigger unloading a clip. Then there was the one you feel like Rambo with.. the M249. This sucker will make you want to wrap some bullet belt to your chest and scream out "LET'S ROCK!" The service here is excellent.. which I guess is for good reason, you are renting a gun from them. So perhaps that's why they treat you nice. Or maybe they just realize that if you try anything funny with them, they have an arsenal right at their finger tips. So this constant threat just makes them chill. This is something different in Vegas that everyone should experience after having done the whole clubs, casinos and buffets. It's truly the American way.
3	Blah Blah,Instead of a long review I will say this,It's expensive as balls, its crowded, and very obviously a novelty experience more akin to a roller coaster ride than a gun enthusiast location.Employees walk around with sidearms and extra ammo (why?!?!), and seem to hate life/ and or treat you like an idiot because you've never fired a machine gun so you must be and idiot.  You don't load the gun, you receive little instruction on how to operate the gun other than the requisite "squeeze, don't pull" and "feet shoulder width."  So when talked to like a novice, I dont take instruction well.  Pull the trigger till the gun goes click, its more fun that way. Having been in the military and having fired many guns before, I thought it was all a bit too patronizing.  Bottom line:  You pay a lot ($50) to fire one gun down range at an approximate distance of 25 ft.  The experience will last under 1 minute.For what you pay the service/location/and range should be better.  Its novelty though, and IF YOU ARE UNACCUSTOMED TO SHOOTING, than you may relish in the thrill and simplicity of it all. Where else are you going to shoot a Thompson or a MP-40, full auto, with no prior training? Ppl from the UK and Australia seemed to love it.
4	Customer service was great and had a lot of great automatic guns to choose from.  They have got the process of signing waivers and giving payment down to a tee.  They are very organized and assign a range master to each party.  It feels a bit cattle call-ish but still very efficient and lots of FUN!  Their location is about 10 blocks away from the strip so its about about a 10 min cab ride.Highly recommend doing this while in Vegas.
5	Anyone can rent and shoot a machine gun here. Awesome helpful staff watching for crazys to keep you safe and a arsenal of badass guns. Check out the grease gun. I put allot of holes in Osama's face with that one. This place is awesome!
2	Coming from Canada, just holding and shooting a handgun is an experience in itself.  I just wanted to shoot one or two rounds from a standard handgun, but I got serious attitude from the guy behind the counter.  He tried to upsell the girls with the "girls package", and the guys with some automatics.  The people who work there are arrogant, and it kinda takes a bit of the fun away.  But the main thing there is shooting a gun, and that was quite fun.  Its more expensive than I thought, wow.  And I'm a terrible shot, but my girlfriend ripped apart the targets crotch area, wow.Derek
5	I had so much fun here. Granted my idea of fun really is going on to a range and rapid firing some pretty impressive looking weapons (Most indoor ranges do not allow rapid fire). Always wanted to try an Ouzi but fell in love with the machine guns...managed to get 2 shots right up the nose of the target when it was all the way back :) Shows? No thanks. Buffets? Not for me. The Gun Store? ABSOLUTELY!!!!!!!
5	So this is what it's like to shoot a gun The line wasn't too bad when we walked in, the girl at the counter was probably about 23 yrs 5'2 & man did she know her guns she was very knowledgeable & that was way coolWe ended up getting the girls package that comes with a hand gun/a semi auto/t-shirt & you even get to take your targets home to showcase The staff was pretty cool including the guys that taught us how to shoot Wow I had no idea a gun had so much force & power behind itI'm not sure why they have a kids package or why I saw so many kids I lines to shoot & also why the booth next to me had a little girl that had to be atleast 10 firing off rounds like a g It was way fun & definitely a experience that's one of a kind
5	Let me say this was the best experience a first time shooter could have had. The service was quick and efficient not to mention very friendly.They have this down to a science,1. Choose your package2. Sign in3. Receive ammunition and pay4. Wait in line5. Gear up and go!Since it was my first time I was very nervous and the instructor was so polite and patient with my lack of skills. He was very professional and what was so great was that he didn't just have me shoot the gun but really instructed me on how I should be doing it. I felt completely comfortable which is shocking because you are in a room with guns going off left and right! Also I got to take a shirt home from the wall of shirts. I picked a small and when I returned to San Diego I saw that it was misplaced and the size was really a XXL. I emailed the shop and they offered to send me a new shirt!! That is by far the best customer service I have had anywhere.
5	I seriously don't even know what i shot with the other day, but it was AWESOME!  The people there are really friendly (all the people we talked to had ties to hawaii somehow) and make the time really enjoyable.  For a gun range, i thought this place was incredibly safe, and for being the first time i ever shot a gun outside of a supersoaker, they were patient and just really cool people.  We got the Iraq Pack, which consisted of three guns...a pistol and two automatic machine guns...the third one was crazy, and when they let you run off the clip at the end, it's like i was starring in my own war movie.Would i go back? YESShould YOU go? YESDid this place ROCK? YESHappy shooting!
5	These guys are pros. For twenty bucks or so, you can blast the crap out of a paper target of your choice with some exotic weapons.  All the employees are packing, which is a good thing. I chose the sawed off shotgun and my buddy chose the sniper rifle.  They have a very large selection of guns to choose from.A last minute decision based off a billboard turned out to be one of the highlights of my vegas trip.
4	My son and I had a brilliant time with the guys at the Gun Store. As total noobs with firearms we were a little apprehensive but due to being treated in a calm way and not talked down to in any way we had a thoroughly enjoyable experience. It ain't cheap but I guess you pay to play in a safe controlled environment!
3	This is an expensive stop, but a good one. The best bang for your buck is probably going with a handgun and doing 20 rounds for $20. I got the ladies package for $50 and all I got were two guns and three rounds. And a T-shirt I'll never wear.Boyfriend got the $150 zombie package which he didn't regret for a second, but he still only got to shoot with four different guns. But like I said, he loved it.We had a lot of fun, this was definitely an experience.My only issue is that the people who work here are super rude. This is a tourist attraction, so they should tell you where to wait and how everything works (when to get your ear things and glasses), when someone will come to get you, etc. instead of acting like you're an idiot for not being psychic.I'd even let this slide, but our "instructor" was a jackass. He and the blonde instructor next to us were both in their own little flirting worlds. He'd stop and carry on a 5-minute conversation with her while we were standing there, waiting for him to show us how to hold and shoot the next gun. Talking about other employees, making jokes about her boyfriend, shooting the shit. This happened every.. single.. spare.. second he had. We paid $200 to shoot guns, so can we shoot guns? Get a room. Christ.
5	The Coolest place in Vegas if you want to try to shoot unique fire arms. A little expensive but where else can you fire automatic machine guns legally. Everything from M16's Thompson Tommy Guns, to M249 Saw. It is a perfect place for Bachelor parties as they offer a unique Bachelors Uniform.
5	Definitely the highlight of my last trip to Vegas! I hit this place on my way out on a Sunday evening. There was a line, but it went pretty fast and in a way was nice so you can build the anticipation. This place felt totally safe. They have an instructor with you at all time and you are in semi-isolated booths. 2 couples at a time, each with an instructor. My instructor was very cool and helpful. He took pictures too. I'm a Call of Duty fan, so I got the WWII special, which includes a handgun, a German machine gun and an American Thompson machine gun. After the first shot with the handgun, the adrenaline was flowing and from then on, it was nothing but fun as hell! Get the package and you get a small discount on the guns, plus free targets and a t-shirt for a souvenir. It seems a little pricey, but at the same time, where else can you shoot machine guns? So in short, totally worth doing at least once. I will be back again next time I'm in town though...
5	Very pricey but worth every cent. The service was very nice as well as helpful. What a thrill it was
5	Oh the Gun Store!!! A fun filled Off Strip Activity...Even for the Ladies!!! My husband and I still laugh about our gun store adventure and when the range instructor shook his head at me and said "You really don't listen do you?!?!?!" We all had a laugh and I got back to shooting a big pink gun!!! At first I was nervous about the whole gun shooting thing but quickly got over it thanks to the helpful, friendly staff. All the staff were welcoming and informative. They allowed us to take photo's and didn't rush us through our package at all. It was fun way to spend some time and a nice break from the busy Vegas strip!!
5	One of the coolest experiences hands down. Worth every penny!Im addicted. Modern Warfare Package + Shooting at Terrorists = Exillerating!I am officially addicted. If you don't go you're missing out!
1	It could have been a great experience but the Gun Master that was assigned to me was a complete jerk.  He was cold and was very rude!  Told him it was my first time shooting a gun.  When the sound of the bullets startled me he actually rolled his eyes.   I don't recommend this place at all.
5	I had a hell of a time; so did my three buddies.  I got the Zombie package which included the 1911, HK-33, UZI, and 12 gauge. My buddy got the Coalition, with an extra clip for the pistol.  They let us go in all together, sharing two lanes, two friendly instructors who cracked jokes the whole time, didn't get annoyed if the UZI jammed, gave great advice, the whole 9 yards.  I could EASILY spend a couple of hundred here, and I fully think it's worth it. Stress relief, time off of the strip wasting money in casino's, and feeling totally bad ass afterward, even if I was wearing pink ear protection.
5	There is no better place to take someone who has not had a chance to use military and movie-style weapons. The package plans are awesome. I recommend the "zombie" package - 12 gauge shotgun, fully automatic machine gun and your choice of semi-automatic rifles. The wait can be quite long on weekends so try to schedule during the week.
5	Certified. Zombie. Killer. That's me now. And I have the t-shirt to prove it (size smedium, of course).  When the apocalypse comes and the dead show up to eat your brains and gain your knowledge, get behind me.12-guage shotgun. The pump action is SO satisfying. *click-click. BOOM.* Judging by the precision holes in the head of my Nazi zombie target, I'm damn near surgical with that b***h.Desert Eagle. Can you say "hand cannon?" Trouble was, it jammed on me twice. I'd therefore think twice about it for home defense. But to make up for it, the instructor let me fire five rounds from Dirty Harry's .44 magnum, for free.Next up, the AK-47.  I wanted to see what all the kids in Africa are playing with these days, so I squeezed off 25 rounds out of this beast to the cadence of "die, motherf****r, die!"  No, seriously, it's like counting "one Mississippi" so the gun doesn't climb up on you. And this gun is LOUD. Even I flinched.Finally, I damn near got a chub when they brought out the police sniper rifle. The busty zombie girl on my target stood no chance.And after all that: a reasonable price tag. $130. Plus they let our bachelor buddy shoot for free.Really friendly staff. One of our instructors clearly LOVED guns and LOVED his job. And not in a creepy or wacko kind of way, but with genuinely infectious enthusiasm. Too bad I didn't catch his name over the sound of all the gunfire. He was cool.On my last trip to Vegas I went to the LV Gun & Firearms Center. That place was good, but this place was better. I rate this place a "must-do" while in Vegas.
5	Rat-tat-tat-tat tat ta tat like that, and I...  Never hesitate to put a paper clown on his back!!!!I shot up a paper zombie clown with an uzi, and loved every second of it! Here's a few tips for your visit, should you decide to bite the bullet and head over to The Gun Store... First off, get there early if you can. This is very touristy, and it gets crazzzzzzy busy. When we got there, there were a ton of people in line already, I asked about how long, they said it was about an hour wait, it turned out to be just about that. By the time we left there was double the line. It's expensive! However, if you live in state with gun laws that prevent you from getting your hands on fully automatic weapons like I do, then I'd say its totally worth it! Plan to spend $50 to shoot one automatic, and $99-160 for a package of 3-4 different guns (comes with a souvenir t-shirt). They have a ladies package that came with 3 guns, one of them was a pink AR-15, and you couldn't put a price on the look of that girls face when she was shooting that bad boy! She was smiling for a good hour afterwards!My other friends opted for the WW2, and Zombie packages, all the guns were awesome! If I had a ton of money, I would get the shoot the wall package, which was $399 and came with 11 machine guns... OOOOH YEAH! The loudest thing we heard fired in the range was the M249 SAW, next time I'm shootin that bad boy! On a side note, I had read some of the reviews of the gun store, and was fully expecting to be treated like dirt by a bunch of cocky employees, but everyone we encountered was super friendly. They are all strapped though, so don't get out line in here! ;)****Disclaimer: Prices mentioned above are subject to change without notice. As mentioned by Shawn A, do not arrive drunk, you will be asked to leave. The opinions expressed above are the views of the writer (thats me yo!) and do not necessarily reflect the views and opinions of other Yelper's, employees of the gun store, Nevada state gun board (does that even esist?), or any Las Vegas casino's including but not limited to the O'Sheas Casino, which completely funded my experience at The Gun Store. Although we experienced no issues, I do not recommend going to the gun store directly before you head back to the airport to catch your flight home, as you will be dusted in gunpowder during your experience inside the shooting range. Special thanks go out to the roulette dealer at O'Sheas Casino, and the employees of The Gun Store. Thank you, and you stay classy Las Vegas!
5	How many places can you walk in and rent an automatic rifle, let alonepick from a dozen?It's expensive but fun to do - look at their website before you go.I wanted to try an FN PS90 and they gladly substituted this for the semi-auto that was in my "package".   The package had a fully automatic (MP5), the PS90 and shotgun with buck-shot.  I didn't really care about the shotgun, but it was in the package.The instructors are easy-going and do a great job working with people who've never shot to long-time shooters.  They were cool about sending the targets out to whatever distance we wanted.  TONS of tourists even at 10:00a.m.   It's so popular that there are always cabs there waiting to take you back.They also give you your targets to take back and a t-shirt.
4	For a guy who lived in California most of his life, anywhere you can pay $50 to fire off top military hardware is pretty darn crazy -- and a must-do if you're in the area.  Even if it's just once for the bucket list, this place probably has the gun you've been favoring to try. 1920s Gangster fetish?  They have Tommy guns.   Like WW2 movies?  They have heavy weaponry from both sides for you to try.   And of course, the guns of modern warfare.  Of course, if you ever want to actually get some firing done, you'll want to show up early (and preferably off the Friday-Sunday tourist schedule if you're a local.)   Check their website and figure out what you want to do; most of the waiting is done post-paying.   The range guy will help you, but he's there mostly to shove you along after you've fired your token amount at your terrorist/clown/nazi zombie target.All in all, a really interesting experience!
5	YeahhhhhhhAutomatic weapons.  Great time, shot three guns.  SAW was by far my favorite.   Worth the money.
3	If you must have the experience then go for it..otherwise it is quite expensive,,,this is the quickest 50 bucks that I have ever blown...works out to a dollar a round....for 9mm???? really??... anyone who knows anything about guns will agree that is pricey...they make you shoot the target upside down..why?? dumb..but if you must then its worth it once.
1	Im so mad at the dumb @ss employee at the gun store who refused to let me and my party in. She claimed i seemed intoxicated, i dont drink, she said my loudness made her think i was drunk. I screamed ouh my knee, i have a bad knee. So once i steped out the cab my knee decided to pop out of place. We begged her to let the rest of my friends in and she refused. Im so mad i really wanted to shoot an AK47 and a saw.
4	More positive experience than some other visitors. Staff were helpful and professional and efficient. We had to wait for about 30 mins yo get to the range but once there we had 2 lanes for 6 of us and the staff were helpful and fun. Half our group were girls and they had a great time too. Practical note- there is a bus stop right outside and the $7 dollar for a day bus pass you get on the strips valid on this route. It's about 15 min trip straight up tropicana ave!
4	Well they do a good job setting you up with some pretty sweet guns and keeping a safe atmosphere going on the range.  Everything runs pretty smoothly, except for the fact that on a weekend afternoon there is a 2.5 hour wait in line in the store to shoot.  Next time I'll probably try to come early.
4	Great way to let off some steam after losing in the casino... staff was friendly and had a great time!
4	SOOO much fun!Almost middle-aged woman here and I LOVED this experience.  My three friends bailed on me but I refused to miss this adventure and am sooo grateful I stuck out the line.it is crazy popular place so don't expect to be 'special" - there are too many other people there also lining up with you.Cons:Enormous line.  I stood for 2 hours before getting my "shots".  Did I mention the enormous line?Cute, scantily clad girls who answer your questions in line during the long wait are clearly more fixated on up-selling all of the men BUT they were pleasant and sassy.  She just didn't have much interest in helping me figure out what I wanted to do.  Good thing I had all of that time to think it over.Dude who collected my ammo and targets did NOT want to be there.  He was a dullard.  I noticed that everyone else behind the counter was friendly and helpful - I got the dud.Pros:Amazing fun.  Huge collection of weapons to choose fromI did the Zombie Package - $150 for one handgun (1911), two rifles and an UZI.  Got four unique targets and a free t-shirt.Instructor was super helpful and never made me feel rushed despite that crowd of people lined up behind me.I would go back in a heartbeat but wish it wasn't so crowded (think they are expanding so that should change).After I got the "bug" - I would have done more or come back during my vacay but just couldn't summon up any enthusiasm for the long line again.This is not an inexpensive adventure but it is really cool and really satisfying!!!
2	I took my boyfriend here because he had never shot a gun before, and I think that's a travesty. Having grown up in Idaho, I've shot a fair number of guns (pistols, revolvers, and a variety of rifles - full and semi auto, etc.) and since few of my cousins and friends all work in a bullet manufacturing plant, cheap ammo = more shooting.So yes. I know how to shoot a gun. As I helped my boyfriend pick his gun, the guy kept interrupting and talking over me. Very annoying. But we he got the gun he wanted/liked and I just shot what I had the money left over for (just an semi-auto AR). Didn't expect the prices, but I guess it is a tourist spot, and most people don't ever get the chance to shoot these kinds of guns in their hometowns.As soon as we selected our guns and targets we were pushed through the line, handed some ill-fitting safety equipment and the dude "assigned" to me gave me a "little lady" spiel about making sure I could "handle" the firepower along with the standard safety rules. Um, alright. I just didn't say anything cause I'm sure they get some people through there that could really cause some harm with inattentiveness, but the dude was overly condescending and really touchy. I would have preferred that he let me get my sight, but instead, he grabbed my head to move me to where he thought I should be. VERY uncool. It made me extremely nervous and question their professionalism.Right away, I could tell that BOTH of our guns were really poorly calibrated and after a few shots, mine jammed (as did my boyfriend's gun). My gun was really dirty. Seems like they would have someone on top of that. Anyhow, the dudes supervising us were really pushing us to just pull the trigger and get it over with. Not three minutes later, they were yanking the guns out of our hands and showing us the door. There was not really a line behind us, so not sure what that was all about. Anyhow, at least my boyfriend got to shoot a machine gun and we started going shooting a lot more after our trip to the Gun Store  - but I really don't think it's worth the price and hassle. Heck, for what we spent, I could have flown back home and shot the same rifle (plus some) for free.
1	Dirty and way over priced...  $25 for 50 rounds.  Can't bring your own ammo.
4	The Pros:- Shooting guns!  Handguns, automatics oh my!The Cons:- The long ass lineup!- Scantily clad women trying to up-sell you things.The Pros:- Shooting guns!- Scantily clad women trying to up-sell you things.Did I mention you can shoot guns?Check out the website for costs and guns that are available.
5	Man this place was awesome before i got back from my trip people were already asking me where this place was.  Melisa is super cool she helped us with everything we needed and Bryan was a great range master...his instructions were precise, direct, and extremely helpful. Big shout out from the YAY yee ima go there everytime i go to vegas now
5	It's an AMAZING PLACE!!! Recommend it, and get your gun \o/
5	My bf and I were there on 7/01/11. We each got the Coalition package and had a blast shooting the full-auto SAW. UFC fighter Jake Shields was there but by far our fav person at The Gun Store was our Range Instructor Tom. He was so informative and pleasant. Thanks again, Tom. The Gun Store, you guys rock!Get there before noon because the line gets extremely long starting noon. I image it was more packed than usual because it was the Friday of the Independence Day weekend.
5	What could be more fun than shooting zombies? Shooting zombies with a .44 Magnum, of course!I went in with a group of six. Our rangemaster was helpful, friendly, and had a great sense of humor -- although the ones at neighbouring lanes didn't seem quite so much so. Luck of the draw might therefore impact your overall enjoyment, but if you can get Alan, you're in for a treat.Yes, it does get a little cramped in there, but let's face it: you're not going to work on your qualifying, you're going to shoot big guns with your friends. Sharing a lane and instructor and comparing shots is way better than going in, unloading a few clips, and then going home.
5	Had to pay a visit with my groomsmen when we were in Vegas this last weekend. My friends who went last year gushed about it, so it was a no-brainer. Sure, you're gonna blow a lot of money in a short amount of time, but, where else can you shoot some of these guns without licensing or prior training? Most of us shot the SAW, AK47, Thompson 45 and a few others. Everyone agreed...best stop on the trip. The staff was a bit cold at the front of the store, but with good reason...plenty of drunk jackasses trying to fire automatic weapons! Once we were on the range, the staff was VERY helpful, super friendly, and even took pictures for all of us. Great experience!
3	I got to say that good time do happen here.  I just feel it's real pricey and the weapon calibers are to be novice friendly (weak as hell).  I loved the fact that they made my cuz wear a small ass pink tank for his bachelors package and that there are some attractive women working here.
5	I've been to LV 20-30 times in the past and I can't believe we only tried this now!We had a great today here!Our Rangemaster Scott was the best! He was very patient with all of us (2 Adults/ 2 kids Seven and Eleven Years Old) and we literally had a blast shooting various types of M4's Pistols, M249, and various rifles!!!!He made sure to give us very ample time to safely pose with each gun as well so we could capture the memories!It's cool to see my 2 boys knowing all of the names of almost all of these guns (Call or Duty!) and firing them in real life; all the while learning to respect firearms and the responsibility and seriousness of them all in real life.See you again and we'll be back EVERY TIME we visit Vegas 'The Gun Store'!!!!!!!
4	Pricey but my 13 yr old shot a machinr gun and had an awesome time! $60 for 40 rounds.
5	I love this place! This was my first time visiting LV and the boy said we had to go here. It was the anniversary of me losing my cousin who just happened to work as a gunsmith so I thought what better way to honor him than to shoot some guns. They were pretty crowded when we got there but we got registered and paid for pretty quickly. I found it scary/humurous when they had to double check that my bf and I were not mad at each other before shooting. Eeeek. I had never shot a gun before and had a few mishaps (UM shell casings falling into my cleavage) but it was still a lot of fun. Our instructor, Pearl, was awesome and super patient with me especially. Plus she made a silly joke about being sure I wasn't mad at the boy when I got almost every shot right in the target's crotch. Whoops. My favorite part was shooting the pink AK47. Doubt my cousin would be proud of me for shooting a pink gun but I am sure he was up there somewhere getting a good laugh out of the whole experience.
5	This place is what's up ! Ever wanted to try a machine gun? The Gun store gots you! If your in las Vegas and want to test out some firearms or warm yours up this place packs the heat. Friendly knowledgable service, great selection to choose from.  Reasonable pricing but if your trigger happy there's a walmart nearby so if you want to save on the bullets I suggest you make that stop first.
4	Over the past couple of years, we've started seeing these ads enticing us to shoot a machine gun.  Intriguing, yes... but is it really something I want to do when I could be pampered, drink too much, and go shopping?  Of course it is!My husband and I visited Vegas for our anniversary last weekend.  I wanted to make sure that we both had fun things to do, so we planned on stopping in at The Gun Store.  I knew I wanted to do the zombie package (need to prepare for the upcoming zombie apocalypse, ya know), and my husband seemed intrigued by the WWII package.  When we got to the front of the gun girls line he changed his mind and copied me!  LOLTo be honest, the lines are long.  As in it took about 2 hours from the time we parked to the time we actually got to shoot a gun.  But seriously, I've stood in longer lines for a ride at Disneyland.  Our range master was patient, calm and friendly.  He teased me a bit for consistently hitting one of the zombie cutouts in the shoulder with the shot gun, and complimented me for the head/neck shots with the HK33.Anyway, it was fun and I would totally do it again!
5	3 of us went labor day weekend. It was busy but they said that it was normal. We had to wait in line for about 45 minutes but the line was quickly getting longer behind us.  All the employees were very sociable as well as helpful and knowledgeable. Great place for something different to do while in Vegas!  Best advice I can give is to go early. Luckily they are building a larger facility on the back of the property so hopefully the wait will be significantly less soon.
2	This is review for Machine Gun Shooting.  Handguns and Semi-Automatic didn't appeal to us at all. We were seduced here by all the advertisements in the taxi cab on our way back from lunch to another spot, and on a whim decided we needed to go check this place out.  We came here with intentions of shooting the machine guns and were excited by the selection.  Well, when we arrived and walked in we were met by a line of about 40 people.  Bummer. Not a fun way to spend the early day Las Vegas buzz.  The place is small so it was super hot and uncomfortable.We decided on the AK-47 which includes 25 shots for $50 plus a $2 Shooting target fee.  Not worth it IMO.  If you've ever shot an AK-47 you know how quick that will go.  If you haven't shot one, your not missing anything here.Paid for taxi to drive us there, waited more than an hour on our feet, purchased some overpriced water and redbull while waiting in line, shot for a minute.  For $400 plus...I recommend something else!  I'm a true believer that you cannot put a price on experience, but this experience was just.......whatever.  Maybe if your going for the rifles and handguns, this might be fun.
3	Nothing like an auto weapon in your hand and target before you.  A mere 25 rounds does not make for prime time shooting, but it beats a day shopping with a metro-male.No reservations and a standing in line wait costs stars, but this place stays busy so weigh out your values.The staff know what that they are doing and provide crowd control so some bubba is shooting you with an weapon on auto.  :-)
5	Really tremendous experience that you just won't get anywhere else.  Worth the trip off the Strip to have some fun with the guys (or girls!) and blow off some steam.It's actually great for beginners and great for pros too.  Lots of variety, and you even get a souvenir that fits nicely into your luggage.  :-)
5	Love this place.  build my own package with hand gun, uzi, sniper rifle. 1.5 hours wait easy.  definitely get the special pass to cut the line.must visit
5	Perfect place for both residents and visitors. Free CCW glasses three days per week. Great place with professional, friendly, and safety focused people.Their rental selection is second to none and includes full auto, handguns, shotguns, and rifles. Check out their web site for the choices but my favorites are the grease gun, Thompson, and the SAW. The various packages seem the way to go price wise.They have an outstanding retail store with an extensive and reasonably priced inventory of weapons, ammo, and accessories. The line for the range looks like it could be painful at time but they have an expansion underway that should help. If you hit them when they open the line is pretty much non-existant.Every time I've been there it looks like they have a nice rotating cab line for those coming from the strip.
1	I went to the store last week with a buddy who wants to purchase a hand gun for self defense. I had bought two handguns from them a few years back and was very happy with the service and took a beginning firearms class from them. I always steered people to their shop believing that word of mouth advertising is the the best form of advertising. This time when we went in they had a lot of staff and many of them were free (It was a Saturday). I got the attention of a young blonde male worker and starting talking to him only to get a bad attitude and have him walk away. I asked a female worker if she could help us only to have the male come back again. My pal asked about some different hand guns only to be shown the most expensive ones in the case and he not willing to answer specific questions about the guns,  we could tell by his demeanor that he did not want to help us and only interested in being rude. I went over to the rifle counter where two other male employees who were taking to each other about the Rifling  of a weapon, I asked them a question about a rifle i am thinking about getting. One of them gave me a one word answer and turned back to his friend and picked up the conversation where they had left off. There was no intention to help me or my friend. We got the hint and left. This is a very different place then what I remember. May be good for tourists but locals should STAY FAR AWAY!  There are other stores in the valley who welcome repeat business and give fine customer service. Needless to say, I will NOT be back or recommended The Gun Store to anyone I know!  It used to be a very good store, sadly not any more.
5	They give FREE CCW training with bullets. Good block of instructions
4	My brother, sister, and I had a blast (no pun intended) at the Gun Store on Black Friday. It's far from cheap and the line was really long (over an hour), but it was certainly worth the trip.The staff was very cool across the board, and our range instructor was very patient and friendly with us. I was dreading the people here being testy with my sister and I (who haven't shot much), but nothing could be further from the truth. This place was absolutely mobbed but our instructor didn't rush us in an any way, and happily answered all our questions. He also gave my brother a free upgrade on a gun that my sister chose not to shoot.Plus, every single person inside the shooting area was having an absolute blast -- smiles were all around. I really couldn't believe how much fun this experience was.I'd give the Gun Store 5 stars, except a couple of the guns jammed, so maybe they need to do a little more maintenance.
4	First thing in the morning at opening. Lines was still 30 minutes with lanes open and not manned by range masters.MP5 jammed 4 times... my gal AK47 broke.SAW went boom-boom babe.Made me smile as I nailed zombies at max range in the head where it counts.Expensive... $40 for 25 rounds on the SAW.Wish they had an outdoor range.You can get vintage weapons (ie. WW2 BREN) for even larger sums of money and special events (according to their staff).
3	If you like guns this is your place. I didn't know if I would like guns or not and found out I don't. We went on a Monday morning which meant no lines no wait. I got the ladies package which included 10 rounds of a handgun and 10 rounds with a pink ak-47 and a free t-shirt.They give you headphones and eye glasses. The instructor was nice, cautious, knowledgeable, and gave me a few minutes of instructions on how to shoot each. They also let you choose your target. I was defintely scared as crap upon hearing the guns go off and really didnt' want to finish. But I did and was proud of myself at the end. My husband loves this place, its really popular to visit.
5	So cool! I took my son (13)  and daughter (10) and we shot an assortment of handguns and a few machine guns. This was the first time they held real guns and I think the power of the guns made an impact on them. Scott our range instructor was was so helpful and patient with the kids. He informed us that they offer a free kids firearm safety class. We walked out of there with big smiles and talked about it for days.It was a really cool experience and I recommend it for families looking for something exciting to do.
4	Stopped by for the chance to shoot some automatic weapons at zombie targets. It isn't cheap and there was a long wait, but it was worth it. Even the most novice shooter, or first time shooter, is made to feel comfortable. It is a very well controlled environment and the staff is very knowledgeable.
4	I like this place.  I took a gun class here and have bought many guns, ammo, and accessories from them.  Their prices are fair, but Discount Firearms is cheaper.  (I paid a little extra here because the Discount Firearms people were rude to me.)  Their range people were nice (for gun shop people).  Expect the typical know-it-all types.  They have a descent selection of guns.  Good, not great.  They are the busiest gun place in Nevada because they are close to the strip and advertise heavily.  Their big deal is their gun rentals.  They rent automatic firearms.  Tourists flock to get their turn.  I'm a local, but I had to come try it out as well.  Lots of fun.  Highly recommended.  However, beware, ammo goes quickly in full auto and the bill can rack up quickly.  Your fun will be over before you know it.  Parking is pretty full, but I always find a spot around back.
1	Went to the gun store to exchange a belt i got as a x-mas present, was told they wouldnt be able to because it had some glitter on it, my wife and i dusted it off and they still gave us a hard time. I was going to purchase a gun after i exchanged the belt, but after terrible and rude service like that, i will never return.Assholes !!!
4	During our recent trip to LV Stormy and I chanced on an advertisement for this place. Its a range/gun shop where you can shoot a variety of fully automatic weapons. Since Stormy is a writer and generally does action stuff I felt this was good research for her. We got a short taxi ride from the Strip (15 minutes max) and got one of their package deals with a personal instructor to give Stormy the info on all the weapons she'd be using. It was a good experience.One other comment... Apparently the week before Christmas is super SLOW in LV. We had no trouble getting in and out of the GS. The operator we worked with told us frankly this is usually not the case. She said there is often a two hour line out the door to get to the range. So very many out of towners (read not US Citizens) never have a chance to shoot any gun let alone anything fully auto. I guess they can get busy.
3	They had a wide variety of guns to shoot and the range masters are all friendly and helpful.  Sadly we waited in a line for 3 hours (when told 1.5) and it is impossible to get a taxi back to the strip.
4	I haven't been to the shooting range yet, but I do like TGS on how knowledgeable the staff is. For accessories (holsters, cleaning kits, etc.) they usually will have it in stock for you depending on what you're looking for. Not to mention they have a good amount of books teaching you about self defense, the proper use of handgun handling, and other books for reference and education. There is more than enough staff in the store if you need assistance, despite how busy it gets.Since this place is heavily advertised around Las Vegas, its usually busy. They also offer a variety of classes on obtaining permits, female self defense courses, firearms for kids, and taser and pepper spray courses (most of which are free, others a small fee to pay).
2	It's not really a gun store.  It's just another Vegas tourist trap.  Oh sure, you can buy a gun.  I think they had three.  But they have T-Shirts!  Wahoo!.  The range was way out of line.  In Utah you can shoot full auto for $10 an hour plus ammo.  This place would charge you $500 for the same thing.Go North if you really want to buy a gun.
4	this place is big fun.
4	We had a great time and our "instructor" was awesome. He was nice, informative and not condescending towards us newbies.  For $50 I got to shoot a handgun (sig Sauer) and an AK-47.  For this price I also got a free t-shirt.  I saw some reviews that thought this place was expensive but I thought just the opposite. I thought it was very reasonably price for the experience.  The only downside was the wait but if you don't want them to rush you then you have to be willing to accept the fact that they're  not rushing anyone else too.  All in all fun.
5	First time ever holding a gun. The staff was very knowledgeable. Don't be afraid about the long wait time everyone suggest, I got there at about 2pm and waited about 15 minutes not bad at all. The do suggest coming in early when they open at about 9am, that worried me but I had no issues. The pink AK47 was broken so I had to use the regular one other than that... AMAZING!!They allow time for pictures and video.... a definite must do in Vegas! Don't forget your free t-shirt.
5	Can I just say AWESOME..We were greeted outside by the girls who asnswer questions, they werent very helpful but gave us a general idea of what the place offfers. We got there about 3pm-3:15pm on a Friday afternoon. There was a line of cabs outfront waiting and dropping off. Every single staff member was friendly and knowledgeable of all the firearms. I brought my 12 year old son with us. He is very knowledgeable about guns but is very senitive for sounds. He talked to Jessica (employee) and told her he was uneasy about the not knowing and worried about the sounds he was going to hear.. She gave him a pair of ear plugs and placed them in his ears.. She was going to recommned Instructor Tom. But he was busy and we ended up with Mike (red hair) and he was AWESOME!! He talked to my son and showed him everything and my son even asked him if he would do the first shot on all his guns for him. He was very knoweldgable and so much fun when we went back for day #2 we asked to have him again. He made our experience GREAT.. He recommended different types of guns after we finished the first batch. The lines are long at times but well worth the wait.. He did tell us that Fri/Sat are the busiest days. If you come between 9am-11am its not so busy. They also are planning on expanding so that should help too!! The prices were reasonable and we were a family of 3. We did reasearch the other places in Vegas but this place is by far the best!
5	What a fun, easy, & memorable experience.OK, I'll admit that The Gun Store is a bit pricier than your normal gun range, and the place can get crowded, which means a hefty wait if you don't time it right. But...what a blast.All experience levels are welcome here. Noobs will like the no pressure, one-on-one care from the range masters, while pros will like the WIDE selection of weapons to chose from.A group of us went (early), so we only had to wait about 15 minutes for our spot on the range. When we arrived, there was a stand out front where an employee reviewed all of the different packages we had to choose from, and she went over the rules. Most of us opted for the zombie package, which included a 9mm, a shotgun, an AR-15, and an Uzi. Then, we walked in, got our gear (hearing/ear protection, zombie targets, etc.), and met with our personal range master. He went over some safety info before escorting us onto the range. Once on the range (we all shared a lane), the range master loaded the weapons and prepared them for us. As each of us took a turn, he'd hand us the weapon (pointed downrange), and we'd fire. AWESOME!!! After we'd empty our rounds, the range master would verify the weapon was empty and let us take a pic or three with the weapon. After we all shot, we walked out, grabbed our free t-shirt and rolled out. Easy and fun!PRO tip: get there close to opening and you won't have to wait nearly as long.
2	Touriest trap pure and simple. Nice staff, but always so over crowed hard to get service and look at guns. Better options in town. Try sportsmans or Bass Pro.
2	While I like the selection of firearms, and the extras like survival books and what-not, I found that this place was WAAAAAY overpriced with horrible customer service. If you go there to try and shoot guns, be prepared to wait and wait and wait and WAIT for hours on end....and you can't wait for your name to be called while looking around the store....you have to wait in line. PERIOD. None of the staff seem to truly know how long it's going to take, and give you the standard reply of "about an hour", even though we'd already been waiting for almost 2 hours (in line!) by the time we asked.We ended up asking for a refund, as did atleast 4 other parties that had been waiting forever, as well. Lame.
5	Knowledgable crew who really like what they do. The people there make all the difference. Great selection, very busy range. Arrive early to beat the crowds. This is a tourist destination and for good reason
5	Family owned business and grade A staff. For the people that don't understand why this range is pricier than other ranges...well, it's because they are legit. They employ ex-military and ex-Metro police as their range masters, who stay with you and help you on the range every step of the way. You don't have to worry if you have never shot before, but rest assured they aren't just going to rush you into the range without experienced helpers by your side. They have a great selection of firearms to choose from, and although you may wait a little longer than your normal run down back woods range, you are going to have a great experience without having to worry about nerves. Additionally, the owner, Chris, has his own local radio show to showcase the importance of responsible gun ownership. He also interviews local talent. It's a great show. AND These people give back to the community. They sponsor many many local athletes and teams, and they also give back to a lot of local charities.So, if you don't think your money is being spent wisely at the Gun Store, feel free to go to another range that doesn't care nearly as much about giving back.
5	I have to say I had a wonderful experience here, so much so that now every time we go to Vegas, a pilgrimage to The Gun Store will totally be necessary and proper!I went with my boyfriend on a Monday morning and this place was busy! In my head I was thinking, "great, we get to spend our morning in a clusterf*ck". This was not the case, as getting our targets and gun packages picked out and paying for it all was very organized. We were told it would be a 45 min. wait, and it actually was more like 1hr 10 min, but that was ok, because the people watching was phenomenal! If you go, I hope you have as much fun people watching as me and my bf did, as it was a mixed crowd indeed!  It  When it was finally our turn, we met our rangemaster, Mike and he was awesome! Very knowledgeable, nice and just an all around great guy. I was a bit nervous, and he calmed me down immediately. I got to shoot my ladies choice package, which is a Glock 19, and I chose a Beretta cX4. I fell in love with the Beretta, I need one now! The bf shot the Choice package which is a Sig p226 and an H&K MP5 SMG. We were both very happy and both got a t-shirt out of it, Ladies they have girly cut shirts for us(Yay!). Although it might seem a little expensive, remember you are paying for quality and expertise. Next time you go to Vegas, take a side trip to The Gun Store, you will not regret it!
4	A fun experience for anyone to have!The gun store is a fully functioning firearms store and shooting range. They give you an opportunity to shoot fully automatic weapons along with other unique weapons not normally available to the general public. The staff of the gun store are knowledgeable in firearms and give you one-on-one help when you go into the range. You can rent one gun to shoot or pick a package but beware it's not cheap to shoot the guns and trust me you'll run out of ammunition really fast with a fully automatic weapon.If you are a fan of the show pawnstars then the gun store is a must see place. This is where Rick and Cory bring their firearms to test them out.
5	Don't even bother reading this,I got to shoot an M249 SAW,Win.
5	Pump action shotty, homeboy..Shoot it.My boss paid for me, so I can't complain about value per dollar spent, but this place really has it all.
4	Admit it, when you see a female and a gun, you're thinking "ooh geez, girl with a gun, girl with a gun" and start cringing.  Well, the guy that I was walking with was saying it, jokingly, when I went into this place complete with gun, eyewear, and earwear.  I can only rate the CCW permit class and the qualification.  I'll definitely have to come back to shoot some guns, though.I took the class instruction portion last week (they offer classes Mondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays from 9am-6pm, with the written test afterwards that consists of 15 T/F questions, and the shooting qualification at the indoor range).  The class is no joke.  You sit in a room where they begin showing a video about guns.  One of the instructors (mine was a guy that had been teaching this same course for roughly 45 years) goes into a mixture of anecdotes, useful information, and then gives you the basics about what you need to know.  You're given a few breaks, then a lunch break, but all in all, this is the way to do it: sit in a class for approximately 8 hours (half of that time for renewals but still have to take a written exam and range test), then take a test, and boom, you're done.  As for me, i happened to have a sinus infection and opted to return at another time to take the shooting/range test.In preparation for the range test, I wanted to go shooting at least one last time before then, but I got there on a Sunday night at 5:30pm, which was a  BIG MISTAKE!  The line was roughly 20 deep and they were turning new people away since it was only an hour before close.  I'm assuming mostly tourists, but who knows.  Doh!  I found out that they open at 9am sharp, and since I wanted to take the qualification exam to get my CCW permit, it would be the best thing to show up at either 10 minutes before 9am (when they open) or from 9am-9:30am...just so that I could make sure to get in and out.  I came back this morning (Monday), and it's a good thing that they told me, cuz I saw everything from regular tourists to people about to fly out (complete with luggage in tow).  Wow.  Apparently it's exactly the way that you have to end your vacation. Lol.So anyway, I got there at 8:45am and happened to be the 11th person in line.  Luckily, I was the only person there to qualify (the rest were tourists in for the MLK weekend doing the "ooh I wanna shoot a gun" thing.  I got to skip ahead and get started.  I already had some eyewear and ear plugs (I'm not your garden-variety first timer), so all I had to do was get signed in/checked off, empty my mags (personnel did that for me), and make sure that my targets all had my name and date on them, along with the regulation ammo provided by The Gun Store.  Afterwards, someone led me in and I was ready to go.  It was the standard load your weapon, aim, then begin firing within the 30 second time frame.  I made it all the way through, despite my Springfield XD jamming on me once.  A ok.  The guy couldn't help me, so I just did the best that I could.  All in all, the staff was great.  My proctor saw my nervousness (mostly because I almost always have trouble loading my ammo), but I passed with flying colors.  I think that the tourists that went in and got to shoot were pretty mesmerized.    No joke, I would be too.I like the fact that you can take the CCW class there for free (first-timers).  I was kinda nervous about being the only girl in the class, but I got over that quickly.  The staff was great and personable, but quite knowledgeable--both the instructors, as well as the salespeople over in the store area.  The only reason that I have to bump them down a star is the horrendous parking AND the fact that they cater to the tourists than all people in the Vegas area.
4	Went for a friend's bachelor party. Awesome experience, and perfect for a guys' day out. We were able to shoot pistols, semi-automatics, and full autos; really a unique experience. A bit pricy, but for a once-in-a-while experience, very cool.
5	Son and I came here to let off a few rounds.  What can I say........GOOD TIMES!!!!!!
4	1 1/2 hour wait the people working there said, but in reality 3 hours wait!!!!! Crazy, but it was for the bride. We actually had a bach party here and the bride is free. They have a ladies package for $50. You can even get a pink gun and choose your targets.The people working here are so nice. I was SUPER SCARED! I FEAR GUNS, but the guy helping us was so helpful. He will stand by your side and explain to you how to do it. He motivates you to keep trying, but also makes you feel very safe.Must try at least once in your life!
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets!You'd think that by the amount of advertising they do that you'll truly find something amazing here.  Yeah, that sounds about right.They have everything here.  The ability to just go plinking; take some lessons; go for a trip to do something most other states have banned; get some really reputable advice; and heck, there's even some eye candy around.  Yet as with all great things, you better show up with plenty of money and patience.Seems like most of the sales staff is either prior military or law enforcement (or maybe both).  They know, as much as they care, about what they're doing.  It's excellent when you can correlate their reasoning with unambiguous experiences that they're more than willing to share.  They all seem quite respectable and honest folk.The CCW course here is found on Mon, Tue, & Sat with reservations made from their website.  It is an *all day* affair, and trust me, it's necessary.  Anywhere else that cuts that time is doing you, and the safety of those around you, a disservice.  This wasn't my first CCW course, but it was my first for NV -- I'm quite the fan.  Having current, experienced LVPD break-down, explain, and answer silly questions on the laws of the land is absolutely fantastic.  At the end, you'll wonder if all the trouble is worth it, and that's the way it should be.  If you can't put up with it nor qualify on your weapon, I rather you don't carry a gun.  Anyway, at the end of academics, you will have a multi-guess test and to shoot your gun well enough (they'll explain; it's reasonable enough) in order to pass.  They'll offer frangible rounds at cost, and they have a special booth for a few to go at a time in order to avoid that long line for everything else.  Pistols/revolvers available for rent should you choose not to bring your own.I'm so confident in the knowledge level found all over this establishment, that I would declare them one of my "go-to"s for answers & advice.
4	Great service in the store! I've been looking at my first gun to buy for weeks and this was the first place where the staff was interested in helping me and not making me feel like some newbie idiot.  My one complaint, and the reason for the 4 stars instead of 5, was the LONG wait to shoot. I went there specifically to "hold" the guns and have a salesman sell me one.  My intention was to narrow the field and then test fire my selections.  Little did I know that an hour and a half later, I would still be standing in a line waiting to get on a lane at the range.  :-(  A range for locals or "test drivers" would be a great idea!If you are looking to buy the cheapest gun in town, this may not be the place.  But if you are new to shooting and looking for a staff that treats you like a human and not a piece of crap stuck to their shoe, then this could very well be your place!  Happy shooting!  :-)
5	Awesome store! the staff is very knowledgeable although a bit paranoid. Target ammo is too expensive for bulk buy but if your a novice shooter then this is a great place to get some practice in. Wide variety of gun selection and again the staff take the time to find what right for you.
4	Wow, shooting is fun! Walking into the store is quite intimidating since most of the people in there are guys. I went on a Friday around 4pm and it was packed! After picking out what we wanted to shoot, we waited in a VERY LONG line. It was probably an hour. After the long line, we got our safety gear on (glasses and ear protection) and proceeded into the shooting area which contains many shooting rooms. Our guide (who said that it was his first day on the job!) instructed us on how to properly hold/fire a gun. He was very helpful and patient with us since we had to take a billion pictures each time one of us went up to shoot! Us girls got the ladies package for $50 which included shooting a Glock 19 and an AK-47 (there were other options for the package). And I have no idea what the guys shot. Long story short, IT WAS AMAZING!!!!! It was very empowering and also SCARY! How can people shoot other people!?!?!?
4	GO SHOOT MACHINE GUNS! Every red blooded American has too at least once in their lives. I'm a fan of this place because they have hott asian girls who know about guns and can speak the language and you can shoot machine guns! What else could you ask for?Here are the things you need to know about this:1) The line is always long, expect to wait around 1-2 hours. There's no way around it. But it's totally worth it for about 20 minutes of fun. 2) It's expensive. $50-60 to shoot a machine gun. And it only last for about 1-2 minutes. But it's fun!3) Most of the staff is really nice and helpful but some of the sales staff can be a bit cold and not helpful. That's pretty much it, if you've never shot a machine gun before then its worth going for the novelty value alone, but if you're experienced then I wouldn't waste my time here. It's more of a tourist stop. Overall, it's worth checking out at least once. Just to see the pretty girls :)
5	Went with my husband and his friend. I am super scared of guns but wanted to try this and "man up".  THe staff was very professional and very careful to explain how to handle the guns safely.  Sonny, our guy that was helping us, was very patient with me during my turn..the guys next to us were shooting something that sounded like a cannon and it was very unnerving..he let me wait them out before taking my turn.  I probably wouldn't do this again but def recommend it to others.. my husband and his friend left there with big manly smiles.. and our targets.. mine by the way were full of holes ;)
5	Fantastic staff. We came at end of day and they were so fun!
1	Bad services!!!!!!!
1	Disappointed. Me and my bf wanna try the gun shooting before our 4pm flight. We called at 12pm to make sure we can try before we get on the plane. They said we can walk-in and no need to make an appointment.    However, when we got in at 1:30pm, the lady at the reception area was pretty rude and told us we need to wait at least 1.5 hr !!!   We wasted $50 taxi fares back and forth.   I do not understand why the person pick up the call did not mention to us we need to wait at least 1.5 hr , we are not local ppl who live in LV. We are from the other state and time is very valuable when we are traveling ...    I do not recommend traveller go there on the last day in your trip.
4	finally after 6 yrs here in town, got talked into going to blast an AK & Glock. Unfortunately, they didn't have targets with Tupac or politicians' likeness on them. A bit costly, and about an hour wait, but what popular touristy attraction isn't? The rush was so intense none of that mattered.Hearing guys repeatedly yelling out Scarface lines must get old for the people that work there tho.
5	M3 grease guns are fun to shoot: Coming from Illinois I was so much looking forward to checking this place out. It was really fun. Me and my girlfriend got to shoot a fully auto M3 grease gun & AK-47. It felt good unloading all those shells and feeling that power.They had good selection of knives and gun accessories.You next visit to Vegas I highly recommend this place.
4	I am not keen on guns and am still not. However, this was definitely a unique experience. And one that I recommend trying out once or perhaps twice in your life. Be prepared to wait in line. Luckily, we got there when it wasn't super busy, but I could see that any time later would have cost us more time waiting. It is pricy. For 20 bullets to shoot, it was $25. 20 bullets, depending how fast you shoot and how experienced you are, could be from 5-15 mins max. So, expect it to be very quick if you shoot 20 bullets. More bullets=more $$. And for $2 more, you get to pick out a target of your choice. Zombie target for me...Ooh, freaky!I got to try the Glock 19, a 9mm and it was pretty intimidating when I first held it in my hands. Although you are wearing protective eyewear and headphones, the noises that come out of those guns are still very loud, so be sure to keep your headphones on at all times when you enter the range. The instructor, who is with you the whole time, will guide you and direct you to shoot at your target. He (whose name I forgot due to loud gunshots firing at targets) was really great at teaching me the proper way of holding, standing and firing a gun. If this be it your first time, and you are a bit of a fraidy cat like moi, then ask a lot of questions and make sure you feel confident before you pull that trigger.
4	This is good clean fun in Vegas. Great staff and a mix of weapons to test out on paper zombies!
5	I recently took my CCW course here at the Gun Store. Now, if you search google for something like "The Gun Store NV CCW," you will find all kinds of negative reviews about this place and their program. Honestly, I am completely at a loss as to why. The class was informative (as much as a one-day class can be anyway), the instructors were knowledgable, the staff were professional and helpful and, best of all, the class is FREE. Yes, you heard right, free. Of course, on their range for the qualification, you can only shoot their lead-free ammo, so you have to buy that. No biggie. Still a heckuva lot cheaper than anywhere else in town. They do up the requirements for the qualification somewhat. You have to shoot from 3, 7, and 15 yards instead of Nevada's 3, 5, and 7 yard standard requirement. You shoot 36 rounds, 6 from each hand at 3 yards, and 12 freestyle from 7 and 15 yards. Again, no biggie. If you can't hit the target 70% of the time even at 15 yards (70% overall is the requirement to pass), you have no business whatsoever being licensed to carry a deadly weapon anyway. Also, for the record, I do know what I'm talking about on this stuff. I'm not exactly a novice, and have logged thousands of rounds through dozens of different firearms throughout my thus far brief existence. Still, even with my perception already primed to be negative about the Gun Store, I could find nothing wrong with this experience.All in all, I'd highly recommend this place, especially if you're looking to get your CCW.
1	Sales department is useless. I called prior to driving from CA to inquire about the availibity of a part and was told they had several on hand and that they always stock that part. However when I arrived at the store they had none I was told that I should have called first.  (If only I had thought of that)
2	dont like this place. only gun store i dont feel comfortable in.  Seems like the whole staff, sales staff and range staff are all rude, military minded, very odd people. cant really explain what i mean, but if you ask them a question you get a rude answer. it seems like more of a place where you have to know everything about everything there.  IDK, they aren't very helpful.  not a good place to go to if you are new to guns or shooting. on the other hand, i found out, when i was new to guns that American Shooter is a much better place.
5	This place is was amazing. I've shot a few handguns before, but by no means am i a gun expert or pretend to be. I went with my girlfriend who has never shot a gun before. Everyone there was very nice and friendly. The ladies behind the counter were very knowledgeable. It can get pretty pricey once you start picking all the different types of guns you want to shoot, but the packages are fairly priced. Every group gets their own personal instructor which is good and there are plenty of them so the line moves pretty quick. The instructor was very nice (even though he looked like someone you wouldn't want to run in to in a dark alley). He was very accommodating of taking pictures with every gun and letting us now the proper ways of safely shooting. Even though my girlfriend never shot a gun before he made her feel as comfortable as some could shooting a gun for the first time. Overall great experience and would def go again.
5	Wow... this was an unreal experience. I'm not a fan of guns in any way but was curious to see what it would be like to fire a weapon. Its off the strip so you need to take a cab or bus. It can get be busy and there is usually a line up. I had to wait about 90 minutes for my turn. When you arrive, you need to pick the guns you want to fire. They have everything you can imagine and all kinds of package deals. You could even fire every gun in the store. The staff is very friendly and help you make your selections.When it's your turn, you get your own instructor who loads your gun and teaches you to shoot. They make you feel comfortable and get you ready for the kick back. They will also take your picture with the guns. I fired a Magnum like in the Dirty Harry movie, an M-16, a shot gun and a AK-47. I was a little nervous at first but you get comfortable quickly. It's worth trying at least once for the experience. I will go back and fire some of the more extreme guns next time. Expect to pay about $100 for a package with a few guns. A once in a life time experience.
4	I enjoy guns. I don't own one, but I have a gun license just on principle.You don't need a gun license to shoot here.I personally am not that big a fan of full auto stuff - not in any sort of anti-gun way, but in that I don't want to load them, and the experience is over pretty fast - so you can churn through rather a lot of money in literally seconds.The selection here is pretty good, but the range is relatively small (both in the limited number of lanes, and also the depth of the lanes). One of my least favorite parts of going to gun ranges is loading the magazines - no worries here, they load it for you (as in they literally come full, but they also are in control of changing the mags for you).The line gets long fast - as with essentially everything in Vegas, if you think about how people visiting exist there - it is going to be a wake up late, recover from hangover, and then go out and do stuff... so if you can get up and out before them, shorter lines.If not - wait times can easily be over two hours.They were all pleasant and while it didn't seem like much instruction was going on, they are there to keep you safe (and those around you). I assume there is probably an option to get more instruction if that's your thing.I'll go back next time I'm in town.
2	First and foremost I have to give this place a 1 star rating because they force people to use lead-free frangible ammunition. This ammo causes most guns to jam. Most gun enthusiast shoot FMJ for targets and also like to test out their good hollow points too see how they perform. None of this can be done at this range. Second I will review their CCW class. The class is long at 9 hours with an hour in breaks. The instructor is a Marshall named Robert Eaton. He says in the class that its fine to ask questions but when I asked a question about a law that was passed in 2007 in Nevada he very condescendingly told me that nothing was passed. Then later during a break when I tried to show him documentation he told me to sit down. I also asked him if it was ok to leave my gun in my car or if it was needed during the class. He rudely told me that if it was stolen it was my fault. He seemed to take a disliking to me and I'm not sure why. I could tell lots of students had questions but he would talk so much and never pause that no one had a chance to ask anything. The class is free which is a plus but they reminded us about 3 times that it was free in a very awkward way.  His wife does the last part  of the class and she was much better.  She genuinely took the time to answer questions and offered some good advice. After that we did the qualifying shoot at the range. I had a good experience with the staff and they helped me in a very friendly way through some jams I had. I attribute these jams to the lead free frangible ammunition this place makes you use. Last but not least a review of the store. I found the selection at American Shooters to be much better. I also find that the staff at A.S. is friendlier and less macho. The staff here seems so serious and to the point. The sales staff seems bored and not enthusiastic at all about answering questions. I especially found this with some of the more attractive girls they hire to sell. The girls seem to be there just for looks and don't really have much else to offer. I'll never be back here again. I rather go to American Shooters where I can shoot whatever ammo I want.
4	You can shoot a machine gun!  I was all over this place when I heard of it.  And it does have a great selection of guns to choose from... more than this guy has heard of.  You can even choose full-auto or semi-auto on some guns.The options to bypass the line for extra money is annoying. It's already expensive enough, tacking on another $50 or $100 is not really justifiable for some bank accounts. So you get to wait in line... Which can be a while if other people ARE paying to get ahead of you.I also think you should be able to see the guns before you choose them. And there should be combo options without pistols.So all-in-all it is fun but maybe a bit too many negatives to ever do it again.
5	So much fun!!  This is a much better way to spend you days in Vegas versus day time gambling.  The staff is very cool and patient with beginners.  Make sure to use your check in when you get here so that you can use your discount.  I will be returning here every time I go to Vegas from now on.
4	Stopped by today to shoot a qual for my CCW class I'm taking here next week. The guys at the shop were professional and courteous which made the process that much smoother. Every customer is assigned a range officer, not just if they have to watch you qualify. This is good for some of the tourists who may have less experience with firearms. The shop was clean and they have a ton of guns you can rent ranging from 9mm pistols to fully auto assault rifles. Prices are a little steep, but that's because ammo isn't cheap and they have a ton of employees on hand at all times. They also offer various classes, not just CCW.CCW and many other classes offered here are free and you only need to pay for range ammo (for classes where qualification is required) which is between $10-30 depending on the caliber of your gun. Instructors for the CCW class were great and knowledgeable and were able to answer students' questions. Overall, it was a pleasant experience, but I would recommend to anyone taking the CCW class that you should stop by before your class date to pre-qualify. That way you don't have to stay late after an 8 hour class to do so. You can qualify within 14 days before or after your scheduled class date.
2	Went here to purchase a gun and was barely acknowledged. There were a couple employees who weren't even busy. I decided to hit the range first for a little shooting. There was a good amount of wait, which I expected, because this place is always full of tourists. After waiting in line, one of their employees basically walks you to your lane, loads your gun for you, and waits while you fire it. I felt very rushed. Anyway, after shooting, I returned to the store to purchase my gun. I already knew what I wanted, had my blue card ready, and was ready to spend some money. Once again, I was not acknowledged. Not sure if it was because I was a female or what. I can understand if you're busy helping someone else, but at least notice me standing there and tell me you'll be right w me! After standing around and pacing around for quite a while, I decided to call American Shooters to see if they had the gun I wanted in stock. Not only did they have it, but it was about $15 cheaper. Went over there and purchased my gun. The treatment I got there was far different than here!
5	This was my 1st at this shooting range and the staff made me feel very safe and comfortable. They were very friendly and knowledgable.  They made sure everyone had protection on and completely understood the instructions before starting.  Since I as qualifying for my CCW, I was a little nervous, but they encouraged us and reminded us how to shoot properly.Once I got the hang of shooting the revolver, Jared, one of the instructors, showed me how to properly empty the casings to make it easier for me.  Overall, both instructors were very good.In the end - I passed and qualified on my first try :)  Thanks guys!
4	I came here first time with an educated shooter that already had guns i could use. This was my second time ever shooting but first at a range. They sold us the bullets and targets gave us protective geer and off we went to an enclosed room to shoot very simple short breefing. Place is nicely set up central location, staff was nice. The other two people went to get certified not the paper test but shooting test i decided i needed more time to practice. The only thing i really did not like was how many tourist were there. I really hope they open another location more for locals. The prices are to high because its geared toward tourism. I like the fact classes are free though. I went on a monday around 9am not to busy but as the day progressed the place got packed so go during the week early otherwise you will be waiting. I will be back to practice more and test taking but i think im going to save some money and look for a cheaper place for bullets and targets.
4	Had to come here and experience this for myself! A very expensive experience but still worth it. Didn't really know what to expect but after waiting in the crazy long line we were set up with an instructor who practically does everything except shoot the weapon for you which I understand since this isn't  a standard handgun range.  I fired a M249 SAW and a sniper rifle .308 while my husband fired a grease gun & a hk g36. We both had zombie targets which were awesome! Glad we did make it here, a lot of fun.
5	We had sooooooooooooooooooooooo much fun. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. My boyfriend and I felt very safe when using all the guns we chose to shoot. Brion was our instructor. He was super nice!
5	GUNS! CHICKS! TARGETS WHICH LOOK LIKE ZOMBIE CLOWNS! Seriously, if there's anything more one needs out of life, I don't know what it is.They were very helpful in educating me about weapons, and helping me choose my first handgun. They really took the time to make sure I got the one that's best for me. (Their salespeople aren't on commission.) Great store!
5	Had a great time at my buddy's bachelor party!!!!
4	The Gun Store is a cool experience if you've had luck on the tables.  They are really pricey for how much you get to shoot, but its a lot of fun.  I did the WWII package and would do it again, even at the price.  I shoot quite a bit, but the machine gun experience was something you have to do at least once in your life.The retail section has fairly decent pricing.  They don't really sell bulk ammo and don't have a military discount.  The guys working there are pretty knowledgeable about the pro's and con's of different firearms.
3	I'm not a novice or amateur shooter however as a California resident, we don't have the luxury of shooting an automatic weapon.  Going The Gun Store is one the reasons we headed to Las Vegas for Christmas.From the hotel, we took the taxi and he knew exactly where the location was.  I was surprised to see an attendant out in the parking lot greeting people that arrived to the store.  He was very friendly and directed us to the area to get started.I looked at the packages online and was undecided and still undecided when I arrived due to my experience with most of the basic guns they had on their packages.  All I wanted was to experience an automatic weapon.  Finally, I decided on the H & K MP 5 to fire.  Going into the store I was a little confused on where to go as there was already people in line.  The Gun Store provided eye and ear protection and they did a good of sterilizing the items when returned.  The line went fast, we waited for about 15 minutes and they have a huge flat screen with a movie playing to keep you occupied.Ok my turn, I got around 50 rounds of ammo with the package.  Which is a good amount to test fire a gun.  The attendant was very friendly and I listened to his instructions even though I am a handgun and rifle owner.  You never want to come in with an attitude of you know it all.50 rounds went by quickly, it was okay I had my fill of firing an automatic rifle.Maybe I am spoiled with the Range/Store I frequent at home but I kind of expected more pizzazz with the store and items they had in stock.Will I be back, probably not but if you've never fired a gun, this is a good place to go to for your first time experience.
4	It was fun.. like a buffet of machine guns. .. for around 150, you can shoot about 4 machine guns.  pick and choose from a tommy gun to a SAW belt fed thingy.. I don't really know crap about guns etc except from a historical perspective.. so this was a fun experience regardless of your view of personal gun ownership it's a good place to formulate your thoughts..
5	Absolutely awesome! We went with a group of three and did the Pick 6 and the Suppressor packages in addition to a 1911 Kimber and the SAW machine gun. What an AWESOME experience! Our gun guy, Sonny, was fantastic and really knowledgable. None of us were amateur shooters but we also had not been shooting in quite awhile and had never fired an automatic weapon. He made the experience a lot of fun and made sure we got the most out of our packages. Everyone there is super friendly and you get a fair amount of bang for your buck. It's a little price but totally worth it. Would absolutely go back the next time I'm in Vegas and would say this is a must for anyone visiting or who lives here! Also family/kid friend;y
3	I would have liked to of given the gun store a better review however it just wasn't warranted. This place is highly geared towards tourist, they bus them in all day which makes it tough for us locals to get any kind of quality service. I have been there several times and was ignored in favor of a tourist. They do not seem to look very highly of folks who open carry even though everyone who works at the gun store open carries. I've found better places to spend my money at. I hope that the owner Bob Irwin reads these reviews and makes a few changes. I love Bob Irwin's radio show on Sunday nights but don't like the way his store is ran. Locals should always receive great service and this is what's lacking.
5	So I am changing the status of this place to a 5 star ya it has tourists but if you do it right you can avoid tourist look just go early like 9am on a week day to go shooting and to take tests and you will avoid lines. I went back took my ccw shooting test with Bob may I remind you that this was my 3rd time every shooting scared to death Bob eased my fears stepped me through it and I ended up doing great better than I thought and passed 1st time trying a week later I purchased my gun and went and took my ccw class. I have read some of the reviews on the instructors of this class but I must say the husband and wife team that does this are amazing and idols at that. The class kept me on my toes , easy to follow and understand, My questions were answered and I even got to meet the owner himself of the Gun store how often do you get to meet the owner of a well established business not often I know cause I am one. The test was not hard but you you do half to pay attention in the class or you can miss key points to the test. Thank you Las Vegas Gun store not only am I satisfied but more aware & safe everywhere I go now.
5	Blam!! Blam!!The Gun Store is literally a blast. We brought our bachelor here because we always wanted to play with some guns. The shop is a short 10 minutes away from the strip. On one side you'll find the store and the other is the shooting range. Before you go, make sure you find a coupon in your hotel room magazine. Or, you can go on your iphone and buy discounted packages. They have a nice variety of deals available. We went with the basic Gun Story package which consists of 2 hand guns and 2 semis. (PSM, GLOCK, MP5, and M4)The package also includes eyewhere, ear protection, targets and an instructor. Also, Bachelors shoot for free if you have a group of 4 or more. The bachelor will have to wear a cute tank top. The staff was super friendly and you can tell they are very careful and aware on safety. If you want to do something different other than the boring booby bar or club, check out the Gun Store.
4	If you want to try out an arsenal of guns, this is your place. I bought their 5 gun package and got to fire a couple of handguns, a shot gun and a couple of machine guns. It was a lot of fun. They provide an instructor who walks you through everything you need to know and makes sure that you safely have a great time. Highly recommended if you enjoy this sort of thing.
3	We had fun here shouting all sorts of cool guns.  Our instructor was great, the guns, even the massive ones were easy to shout.  It went pretty fast once we got into the range.  I called ahead to check on the wait time and it wasn't but maybe 15 minuets.  But if there was more than 10 people ahead of you expect to wait a long time.  For me it wouldn't be worth the wait if it was longer than 15 minutes.  I guess during their busy times you can expect up to a 90 minute wait.  Also the only reason i have it a 3 star rating is because of the price.  We went with a package of guns and it was $250 for the 2 of us.  It was fun but not that fun.
5	Great fun! Great staff!  Went with a girl that didn't know how to shoot.  The instructor really helped her and she had a blast.  The choice of guns to shoot can be overwhelming so plan in advance if you can.  The semi-private rooms are worth it for beginners.  Mason was a great instructor.
5	I don't care about your views on the second amendment.  You owe it to yourself to go to the gunstore and try it out!  Incredibly helpful and friendly staff will walk you through all the steps.  See how you feel after firing off a few dozen rounds with them!
5	Shoot guns that you probably will never have the ability to (unless in the military /LE). You basically pay per gun or get a package deal that includes 3 different guns with ammo included.Got to shoot the M249 SAW, M4 AK-47 on full auto... It was awesome. A bit pricey but worth the price.Great staff that will actually take the time to how to handle the specific weapon system.
1	When you look up "tourist trap" in the dictionary, it has a little map next to it with directions to The Gun Store.Look, there's nothing offered at The Gun Store that isn't offered at another range in town for less money. If you can make it from your hotel to The Gun Store, you can make it a few miles further up the street to American Shooters, which is cleaner, better maintained, less expensive, and the rentals are in better condition. Oh, and no one at American Shooters has ever treated me like I was unimportant because I'm not some moron who's going to drop $100 on 70 rounds of ammunition. Their rental packages don't even include enough rounds to top off the magazine, most of the time.The Gun Store is the Kim Kardashian of ranges; it is popular because it is popular. That's all.
5	This place is very professional and has a large selection to choose from!!Great place to let some extra tension out ;)$25 for a regular hand gun (20 rounds)$50 for a machine gun (20 rounds)
5	The CLASSIC!!Over 20 years!!Free CCW Classes w/ great training!!Thanks for EVERYTHING!!
5	I'm probably fairly characterized as anti-gun. Came with co-worker who wanted to shoot fully auto machine gun.Given that background, I shot a semi-auto .45 and had a fantastic time.This place also looks after you. As a complete gun newbie I used my co-worker as a gun sommelier and he wanted me to shoot something pretty serious. The girl behind the counter (bonus: hot) very gently asked "are you sure?" even though you could tell she was thinking "WTF. No."Just go. Guaranteed fun.
4	First time shooter: loved it! Professional, friendly staff. I probably won't shoot again, it was a bucket list thing, but should I ever change my mind I hope to find a place like this.
5	This is really just a review of the CCW course. I came to The Gun Store this past Saturday to take the concealed firearms permit class. They offer it for FREE! You only pay the cost of ammo for the qualifications ($25-30 depending ont he caliber). The class was long, from 9 AM  - 6 PM, but the instructors provided a lot of great information and were pretty engaging. I was only on the range for a few minutes for shooting qualification testing, but the facilities looked very nice. Again, have never otherwise visited this range, but this place seems to advertise quite heavily compared to other ranges in the city, so it does draw a huge number of tourists. Just something to know before you go.
4	first time shooting a gun and if i had to do it all over again, The Gun Store would still be first choice to pop my shooting cherry.it was a warm Saturday afternoon and after a solid meal at Kabob Express, a friend and i headed over to the Gun Store. in full disclosure, i'm a bleeding heart liberal and am all for gun control (esp. background checks...c'mon people!). we signed up with the lady at the check-in booth and she gave us the rundown on the available packages and gun options. i decided on the 3 gun combo ($160), opting for a Glock 19, a 12-gauge shotgun, and an AK-47. both of us opted for the add'l $50 one-on-one "lesson" since this was a first for both of us.another lady escorted into the semi-private shooting both. after a few minutes, ammo was brought in. for some reason, i was nervous as hell wondering what that first shot would feel like. then the instructor came in. he was a rather serious sort and i later found out that he had done a few tours in Afghanistan. so needless to say, the dude was pretty hardcore.i went up first with the Glock 19. the instructor put up the target and gave basic instructions on what to do. "are you right handed?" "yes." "ok, put your right hand on the handle and place your left hand around your right hand with your left thumb on top of your right thumb. then pull the trigger." "is it going to hurt?" "no." and after that first shot, which surprised the living daylights out of me, i understood why the NRA exists and why gun proponents are so passionate about their craft. it's a rush like you wouldn't believe.i popped off 40 rounds on the Glock in relatively quick sucession. next up was the pump action 12-gauge shot gun. "is it going to hurt?" "no." the instructor lied. it was a mofo and all i could think about was how much my brother loved the shotgun in Gears and Halo. last up was the AK. words cannot describe what a rush it was to shoot those 25 rounds. the first pull of the trigger probably fired off a good 10 rounds. and then i realized, holy ****, this is an automatic weapon. then i remembered what the instructor said. "pull the trigger so that you're firing in short bursts of 3 shots" so i switched to that and at that very moment, i felt like i was a freedom fighter in some far off country. and yes, the instructor was correct when he told me to brace my elbows against the shoooting platform. even with him bracing his hands against me while i was firing, the kickback was an absolute sight to behold.and that was it. the firing was over. $210 for about 30 minutes...and absolutely worth it like you wouldn't believe.The Gun Store, thanks for giving me an experience that i will never forget.but still, background checks, please?
4	I originally went there to qualify with my pistol for my job a few years back.  When I showed up, I waited in line, and was escorted to a lane by a female range officer.  She did have a little bit of an attitude, but I overlooked it considering she probably has had guys give her a hard time considering this is a predominantly male career-field.She escorted me to the lane and I ran through the course of fire pretty quick.  She gave me a second look and asked what company I worked for.  I replied with the govt agency I am employed with and the attitude dropped.  No prob.A year later,  I go to for my annual requalification to find out they renovated the place.  Not bad.  I go to the counter, identify myself and  get pushed to the front of the line.  Nice.  I run through the qual and go to pay for the frangible rounds and the clerk says "not to worry about it".  Wow, looks like I'm a fan.
5	As a first time shooter, I was pretty nervous going to a place like this, but ended up having a great time and would go again.
3	We had fun. The website was very confusing though, it was unclear that everyone needed a package since you could set a number of people in the order page, yet it doesn't tell you to oder more. They should fix this, it doesn't say Per Person anywhere on there. BUT, I guess if we knew how much it would cost for everyone with this requirement we wouldn't have went. Well, That's Las Vegas i guess.
5	Got my free ccw there.. Everyone is really friendly and location is clean.. Great place to blow off rounds..
4	Just here to buy some hollow point bullets!  Yep!  This place is always busy!  So be prepared for a little wait.
5	I've dealt with a lot of gun stores and the snobbery sometimes really gets to me.  I don't like going somewhere and being treated like I'm not important enough for their time or getting hassled about weapons I'm transferring to them.  The Gun Store is neither of these and that's why it's the only place in town I deal with when it comes to firearms.  The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and excited about firearms rather than the guys down the street that seem like they are upset they have to work in a gun store.  If you are looking for great service, check this team out.
5	This place was tons of fun. They seem to have a very good process, right from registration and payment, to gearing up, to safety, then straight to shooting guns. They must get tons of business from bachelor parties and the like, because they really have the process down. Even the upsell at the end by the gun instructors is very casual. Pros, all pros.Speaking of gun instructors, we had two, and they were both very excellent. Not only because they gave really great instruction, but also because they were very patient, very funny and entertaining, and just all around cool guys. At the end you also get a free t-shirt, and when you exit the shooting area you are lead through their gift shop filled with tons of goodies (like I said, these guys are sales pros).I'd definitely come here again. Not too far from the strip, either. Win!
5	More fun that you should be allowed to have.  I suggest the 3 gun package, I only got 50 rounds and regret the decision.  Very friendly helpful people.  I been to some guns stores where the staff is pretty prickly.  Not so here eager and willing to answer all questions.  Five Stars A+++
5	I took my boyfriend here for his birthday on Oct. 6, 13.  I bought him the VIP Pick 6 and did the VIP Women's package for myself.  I had read the reviews on Yelp and various other places and was skeptical about the experience.  But wow!The minute we got there someone helped guide us to where we needed to go to check in and choose our weapons, targets, and get eye/ear protection.  From there we were escorted into the building and to our own private gun range with multiple lanes.  Above the lanes was a "Happy Birthday" banner (which the birthday boy didn't even notice...  Go figure!).  The only downfall of the room was that it was freezing so be prepared for both hot and cold conditions when you go there!Ketzu was our range master and he was great!  Very friendly, knowledgeable and definitely not pushy!  The first couple of firearms my boyfriend picked out were having some issues so Ketzu switched them out for another one of his choices, a bummer, but that will happen.  He did not hover over him while he shot the automatic weapons and gave him as much space as he needed.This was my first experience with a rifle and Ketzu made me feel really comfortable with it in my hand and helped me with my stance and aim.  I am now a huge fan of rifles!I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who is looking to shoot something exotic (to us Californians anyway).  In my experience, the people are extremely friendly and are all about having a safe, good time!
5	RE: CCW CLASSI recently registered and attended one of the Gun Store's free CCW classes that take place on Wednesdays and Saturdays. Both Tony and Gwen presented all information clearly and in a concise manner. They did an excellent job keeping everyone engaged and they are obviously both very experienced in the subject matter at hand. Big thanks to The Gun Store, Tony, and Gwen for the free service and generosity.
4	This place is expensive but where else are you going to get to shoot a tommygun?
5	Hello everyone Maddi's here again to review the gun store.  November 3 was my birthdayyyy!!!  (BTW) And let me just say that I had a super awesome time!! (how many times can I say awesome)??  OMG!!  As soon as we walked in, we were greeted. (A+)  The packages we had were the ladies package and the gun store package. Ryan was our Range instructor (HE WAS THE BEST!!!).  We chose the zombie and the bullseye targets.  Since the packages were purchased online, it seemed as if they wanted to take care of us 1st, before the people that were waiting...LOL!  OK--now on shooting.  Ryan helped us in every step with how to hold the gun and how to shoot it.  I had the pink hello kitty gun, and shot a pistol too!  There were two other couples in the room they were in their own lanes though...of course I took pics.  Toward the end of our session it seemed as if it was a little rushed?  BUT, I didn't care because it was my b-day! LOL!  We received out free t-shirts and free bottled water.  I plan on attending the CCW classes very soon!!!!  AWESOME JOB GUN STORE!!--Maddi
4	Fun way to spend an afternoon doing something we've never done in Vegas!  It seemed a little pricey but I don't really have anything to compare it to, having never done this before.  It quite well organized from check-in to check-out although it was very busy and we did have a bit of a wait.  Mason was GREAT!  Put us all instantly at ease and had us laughing and enjoying every minute, but quick to make sure we were comfortable with each weapon and followed all the safety protocols.  A real pro! It is located off the beaten path but we had a car so not a problem for us.  Would go back for sure!
5	Just back from the range. Outstanding experience. Shaun was my wife's Range Officer and did a fantastic job for her introduction to Glocks. Highly recommend these folks!!
4	Took the FREE, Yes I said FREE CCW Class. (only cost was $25.00 for the ammunition to qualify) The Class was very informative and the Instructors were Great! Tony Dee, the morning instructor is very entertaining and highly knowledgeable in all aspects of Firearms. Highly recommended to take the Nevada CCW class at the Gun Store and save the $$$ that the other ranges charge. What I saved will pay for a nice leather holster! Overall Rating~ Very Good!
1	This review is based on multiple visits over several years. I am not a fan. I found their staff (both at the range and at the front counter) rude and unfriendly. They seem to get a lot of tourist business and don't care about customer service. There are places like the Gun Garage that treat all customers--tourists and locals--in a nice, friendly manner that makes your experience a pleasant one. Go somewhere else and have fun. The Gun Store is happy to take your money but you wouldn't know it from how they treat you.
4	What's better than shooting for fun?  Shooting with a pink AK47!I got the ladies package (retails for $59.95). Book in advance online and get 10 bucks off. Got to shoot a glock and the AK47.  Personally I'm a big gun kind of girl so I preferred the AK47 to the glock.It's a gun store.  The staff are a pretty serious group for the most part.  You wait in a long line that moves at a good pace. You pick your target (cartoon, zombie, terrorist, standard). You pick your package/guns. Put on your safety gear.  You are escorted to the range and you shoot previously mentioned target.  You get your target and you compare with your group to see who is actually the best shot.  Pick up your souvenir t-shirt advertising that you were at the Gun Store. Look in the store portion and contemplate getting a pearl handled revolver.  Then you remember you live in California and this is probably one of those things that should stay in Vegas.  Good times. Take a taxi from the strip.  People are coming and going all the time so you won't have a problem catching one back.
5	I've always wanted to give the shooting range a try, but never mustered up the courage. FINALLY while my friends and I were in Vegas, we decided to just go for it. Next thing we knew, we were putting on our fancy ear covers, safety goggles, and heading inside to shoot some guns!I very much believe that gun regulation is a must. I won't bore you or rile you up with politics, but really - I felt very emotional and odd holding and shooting a gun. BUT I think it's important to be educated about guns and what it's like to be behind one. I'm so glad I did, because I felt and saw how easy it was to pull the trigger. Yikes!It was fun being able to choose our "target"! Some of us chose a zombie clown, a zombie nazi, a regular creepy clown, and then there was a general bullseye kinda target. Hilarious!When you first get to The Gun Store, there's a little booth outside where you choose your target and your gun. Then they hand you a piece of paper with your "order" on it, which you must present to the cashier inside. Once you've passed along your "order", the workers gather up your supplies, hand you your target, and then instruct you to go stand in line to put on your ear covers and glasses while you wait for your guide to take you in.Once in, you and your group (if applicable) are taken inside one of the rooms with the shooting stalls. It looks just like you've seen in the movies or on TV. The guides load up your gun and your target, then explain all of the safety measures you must take. They keep a very close eye on you and everyone in your party, to make sure nobody's safety is compromised. Then before you know it, you're done! Our guide was very willing take pictures/videos here and there, as there were no issues with it. Honestly, it was an awesome experience. So much more relaxed than I thought it would be!!I highly recommend the experience and this particular place. You won't regret it!
5	Absolutely a great time, worth the money, people were great and it was a blast.  Needed something fun to do on Sunday before our flight left from Vegas going home and decided to take my 13yr old to try to shoot the real versions of the guns he uses in the video games.  It was AWESOME!!!  (Note - we are not experienced gun people.)We paid $250 for a VIP package that got us a reserved time (avoided lines), private shooting range, a personal instructor to educate us and make sure we were doing everything right and safe, and got to shoot 4 insane guns. 9mm pistol, M-4 (newer generation of the M16), a Sniper rifle, and a S.A.W machine gun.  We were there for about an hour and a half.  It was perfect.My son could not stop talking about how great it was.  Ryan was an awesome instructor.HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
4	Consider The Gun Store if you NEED to get a CCW Class ASAP.It totally slipped my mind that my permit was up for renewal this month. I was able to reserve my slot in The Gun Store's free (you pay for range qualification ammo) NV/FL CCW class online, two days before the class. There are three CCWclasses a week. *Now, I have had issues with sales and range personnel in the past, so I had reservations returning, but The Gun Store offered the quickest and easiest solution to renewing my permit before I leave town on business.My instructor this time around was the infamous Tony Dee aka The Godfather. He is a former lawman from NY, a regular firearms and training expert, and a guest from time to time on Pawnstars. This guy is hilarious! The class of about 20+ students was in good spirits thanks to Uncle Tony's sense of humor. Uncle Tony has a way of diluting the intimidation or nervousness one may have regarding the topic of carrying a firearm to protect your life, and the lives of your loved ones. Everything Tony taught was either backed up by the Nevada Revised Statutes, and/or his personal Law Enforcement experience.  The class was supplied with free coffee, air conditioning, and restrooms in close proximity. Bob Irwin, the owner of The Gun Store, even poked his head in. The course is mainly about legal issues regarding use of force, a brief presentation on modes of carry, and where you can and can't carry. You also get a book written by Bob Irwin on the subject of Concealed Carry in NV which includes many laws covered in class. I wish there would have been a bit more covered regarding tactics during a firefight, (moving off the x, cover vs concealment etc).  There is a pass/fail range qualifier following a 40 question test. The qualifier is not much of a sweat if you are proficient. For a novice, I suggest you spend time practicing strong side/support side single handed shooting from 3, 7, and 15 yards, first.If you are taking the CCW course at The Gun Store for the first time...do yourself a favor and pre-qualify on the range a day or two before...the earlier the better! The initial class goes until approx 6PM (2PM for renewal), and you will be waiting in line for the range with the other students, plus tourists.***I cannot stress this point enough...The NV approved CCW Course is not a replacement for defensive/tactical handgun training!!! This course is the bare minimum you need for the State of NV to legally be able to sign off on your permit. If you are going to carry a firearm to protect innocent life, you need regular quality training! I make this statement as a NRA certified firearms instructor with 10yrs military/LE and firearms experience.***In summary, I rate 4 stars due to the class not being truly free (ammo) The class leaves you with the feeling that "heck, I don't want to shoot anyone!" which is in a way good, and exactly what Tony is going for. But when you need to shoot to live, you must feel confident in your decision to use justifiable deadly force to preserve life, without hesitation. I truly think the curriculum needs more real world drills/tactics discussed and exercised, which is totally possible considering the Instructor's extensive experience and knowledge.
4	I have been to many ranges in Las Vegas and the The Gun Store is top notch. With that being said, this range is not set up for the local shooter who wanted to go practice, The range is only 15 yards deep (still a good distance for handgun) and you must have frangible ammo, no lead here folks. But this range is for the local or out of town'er that wants to get their blood pumping and go do other great things for the rest of the day. I don't know much about there sales side of the house but I had a  great experience with Jake (one of the managers) and he was on top of every question as well as fulfilling my needs at the range.
4	This is a review partially of the range but also partially of the free CCW class.For a first-time CCW qualifier, the online registration was easy and checking in on the day of class was quick. Our instructors, Bob and Gwen Eaton, were both very knowledgeable and willing to answer questions students had. The class itself was completely free. The test you have to take (written by Metro) was a cinch if you pay attention, because some of the unfairly worded questions the instructors discuss directly so you understand legal implications of what that question is asking. Bob has had years of experience on the law enforcement side and understands the laws in Nevada and Florida (the two permits you can certify for through this course) very well. Gwen's portion of the class is essential to minimal understanding of what you need to know to maintain your weapon, which, for some of the class attendees - they have only ever shot a weapon and do not own one, so don't know the specifics of cleaning or storage.For CCW qualification, you head over to the range after class and buy your ammo (must use the range's ammo) and then one of their range master administers the target qualification tests. This is where they lost a star - the website advertises that you can purchase .22 ammo to shoot, and we brought two .22 guns for friends to use to qualify - and then were told they would not sell us .22 ammo because they need to save it for the kid's packages that tourists purchase. If you don't want to sell us .22, please take it off your website and make sure your folks know when you call to ask, because we had planned on that. Instead, those folks had to pony up for gun rental AND ammo. Apart from that point, the range masters are professional and clear communicators, so you understand exactly what you need to be doing and what's allowed/not allowed on the range (some ranges around here aren't exactly clear and somehow expect you to know rules that aren't posted or listed on the waivers). I visited the Gun Store about a year ago as well as a "tourist" (a local trying out one of their shooting packages) and had a great experience as well. Both of the range masters I worked with last year, were still there this past visit and they
5	Visiting from NY. I'm working on getting my pistol permit in NY which is a long, drawn out process and figured while I was here I should try out two guns I was thinking about buying. Corey was very helpful, professional and made the experience all that much better. I Will definitely be coming back. Thanks again Corey.
5	This place was great! The staff was very nice and knew what they were doing. Me and my wife got the WWII packages the guns were so much fun!!! Very clean and organized. Best gun range I have ever been too. JR was are instructor for the VIP package and he was very good. Made the environment fun and very safe. I would recommend anyone in Vegas go try it for a great adrenalin rush, and I will be sending any friends who come up here this way. I know I'll be back!
5	Awesome CCW class!
5	Who said that gambling and clubbing were the only fun things to do in Vegas?As a gun enthusiasts, this is the place to go to where you'd want to go if your state has gun restrictions,  *cough* California *cough*.  My cousin had planned to take our bachelor party to a gun range. Our party consisted of seven guys.  When we arrived at the shop, it was free and clear at the ordering booth. There were many gun packages to choose from depending on what one wanted to shoot. As for myself, I picked out of their al a cart guns, the Uzi and AK47, both banned in the state of California. As for the rest of the party got packages so our bachelor can shoot for free. Don't forget to check in and get an additional $10 off your package purchase. It didn't apply to me since I didn't get a package.Once we entered the main lobby, we were handed our targets and paid for our purchases. My total came around $115 for the gun rental and ammo (50 rounds for the Uzi and 30 rounds for the AK47). Everyone who got the package paid the same price, but got an additional gun to shoot. The Uzi and AK47 weren't included in the packages. After paying, we all had to wait in line until lanes were free for shooting. During our wait, we got our head and eye protection. When a lane was open to accommodate our party, our range master took us there.We occupied two lanes to make our shooting sessions run smoothly. The range masters were very helpful throughout our whole entire session. I did get burned by one of my AK47 shells since I was wearing a basketball jersey.At the end of our session, everyone got a free shirt except for me. Moral of the story: Get a package! It's a better value and you get a free shirt! But I did have fun!
5	Every time I go to Vegas I have to come to the Gun Store. It's so fun to be able to shoot guns you can't shoot legally. My husband was able to try out an AK-47. He shot other ones but I forget the names. (girl sorry) They have awesome packages at really reasonable prices. Each package come with a free t-shirt too! A taxi ride to get here from the strip is pretty expensive. The first time we came here the taxi was around $30 each way from the strip. The last time we came we just drove here in our car. There's plenty of parking. All the employees are very helpful and they help you every step of the way. Highly recommend the Gun Store.
4	The Gun Store is a cult favorite amongst bachelor party Vegas types, and we were no different.  I have to say, with the cost-per-experience-duration being so high, I thought I'd only enjoy it so much.  To be fair, I KNEW I'd enjoy it - but would I get "buyer's remorse" as I contemplate the other ways I could have spend $160?  In short, the answer was a resounding NO.  Rotating through a big group (we had 5) took an hour or so, and it's almost as fun to watch your friends fire off their cannons as it is to shoot.   I have to tell you, going full trigger on the Thompson ("Tommy") gun and feeling the kick-back wreak havoc on your balance is an awesome feeling.  I have renewed respect for prohibition gangsters.  I personally bought the WWII package.  In the words of one of my friends: "Worth it......"; and I couldn't agree more.
5	My husband had been here before so I pretty much knew what the rundown would be.  The wait for a lane was over an hour and a half (on an early Tuesday afternoon).  However, it was worth the wait!  We had a room all to ourselves with our instructor, Mason.  Mason was outstanding, personable and very knowledgeable about each of the weapons we had chosen to shoot (including the history of the firearm).  We never felt rushed, he gave us his complete attention.  Outstanding instructor!  Will be back the next time we're in town!
1	I got treated like trash. I went there with a bunch of friends and family looking for an AR15 for my friend who is pretty well known, and I was also looking for another 1911. I talk to one of the individuals there and they completely blow me off as if I'm not even there, and then they try to sell some garbage chinese AK to my friend since he doesn't know any better. I asked about the 1911s they had on display to see if that was all they had, and dude told me yeah, thats it... nothing else. So I asked if i could see it and he told me he is busy... bs'ing with my friend. So I tell my friend its a garbage ak, I have one I'll give to him and he is like well f it, he wants it now. Because I have the AK that made him like guns. Anyway I politely asked if they had military discount and they totally didn't answer by saying "we are all military veterans!!!" and "do you think because you're active duty we should give you a discount"... I had one dude there tell me he could of been a COP... soo? what stopped you buddy! I was just asking if they had it, didn't mean anything of it. Big 5 gave me a discount on a shot gun that they didn't need to. It was only a question, not an insult. MR GUNG HO COMMANDOS THERE... Jerks.... hopefully they have new employees by now.
5	I see a lot of reviewers say this was expensive, but how can you put a price on such an experience? We settled on the Pick Any 3 package (a glock, a rifle and a machine gun). The package also includes your choice of 3 targets and a free t-shirt. Given I don't have a firearm licence AND that fully automatics are prohibited in Aus, I knew I wanted to try my hand at a full auto machine gun so that was the first I asked for. I think he suggested the MP5 and scribbled down some code on the order. At this stage, I wasn't even paying attention to the guns - I almost peed myself waiting to get my hands on this baby!! Next down on that order was a Glock22 and to finish off the order, an M16 (or was it the AK47???). CHRIST I could not contain my excitement. Next stop, you're at the first door where you grab yourself some ear and eye protection. OMG my heart is now beating. You can hear the sound of guns going off ... empty shells hitting the floor .. this is too much. CMON ALREADY !!! Finally, our instructor comes through the door to take us in looking all Clint Eastwood with guns hanging off his belt. Oh the smell when you first walk in .. dear god the smell. What is this place doing to me?? Who am I?? My heart is beating harder now, kinda nervous as our instructor takes us through the safety procedures .. will I remember this when I'm holding the gun? What will happen if it recoils and the gun goes flying? And then goes off and shoots me in the head? WOW .. get a grip of yourself young lady !!! So the handgun was the first to try .. I walk up, hold the glock like I'm some bad ass cop (huh, seems like plastic), I aim that baby, my finger pulls the trigger and BAAAAAAAAANG .. 2cm below the target - that's all!! The recoil though ... ooh was not expecting that.. another 9 rounds. DONE. Handgun - tick.Its time for the rifle. Oh yeah this looks fun. The M16 (or AK47) .. what a beast of a gun. Instructor positions it on the bench, demonstrates how to lean over it and where to look to aim. I pull the trigger - CRAAAAACK .. not a bad shot - in the groin fellas. Empty shell flicked out and hit my friend .. she's in hysterics at this point. Another 19 rounds. DONE. Rifle - tick.You know whats next right? OH MY It's the machine-gun ... it's a full automatic machine-gun kids... it's a "keep your finger on the trigger" type shooting. HOLY FAAAAARRRRRKKKKK my inner Rambo came out of nowhere ... my terrorist friend had NO CHANCE!! I line it up, I look through some telescopic view finder and see a laser on my target. Ack ... ack ... ack-ack-ack-ack-ack-ack-ack-ack-ack - I can't believe this. I have the biggest grin on my face, the shells are flying all around me, at one point, I could see the shells spit out in an arc - it was INSANE !!! DONE. Machine-gun - tick.We walk out of there with our targets, our t-shirts and the knowledge that yes, we shot guns, and we shot some illegal ones at that (well in Aus anyway). We reeked of smoke and we loved it !!! Do not hesitate to visit this place on your next vegas trip - the staff are all exceptional, safety is their top priority and because of this, you will have the time of your life.
5	I've frequented this shooting range about 5 times. The customer service is great, the staff are knowledgeable (for the most part), the price for the range is very reasonable (I usually just pay for the bullets when I bring my own firearm) and I've never had to wait. I am a loyal customer (:
5	FREE Concealed Carry Weapons Class = Whats not to like about FREE?!!  The Class size was about 40 people and filled the entire class room to capacity, still it was a very comfortable setting and FREE Coffee. The course starts at 9am and last until 6pm with several 15 & 30 minute breaks throughout the day. The Training room has a large Flat screen TV, powerful A/C, comfortable chairs and 2 restrooms that are not assigned "Men or Woman" which makes them open & available most of the time. FREE COFFEE Ok? The husband and wife Training staff- Robert & Gwen Easton, were very knowledgeable and gave a very good presentation and were readily available to take questions during class & during breaks. Its easy to see that they enjoy what they do and their professionalism, enthusiasm & respect for THE GUN is contagious. The Range experience was one of the best I have ever had as were the facility set up. Instead of one big open line of 20 shooting platform stalls, the Range is divided into compartments of 5 stalls making it a more intimate& competitive setting. And the system that controlled the distance of the target was basic & very simple to use UNLIKE many I have experienced where you need to enter a code and push # followed by your birthday followed by...You get the idea. The Range Staff was also VERY Nice and lacked the attitude I've experienced at some of the local ranges where they seem like they Hate being there and you are a burden on their day. I even had someone in the Retail section of the store ask me "Can I help you find something?" whereas in my neighborhood store I'm standing at the register for 10 minutes trying to get someone to take my money!!Overall a Great Experience and I will defiantly be back. I ended up spending (Investing)around $40 renting a gun to qualify & the ammo.(I could have got out paying only $25 had I brought my own 9mm but I brought my .380 and they didnt have any ammo for it)  If you calculate in the time the trainers put in Vs the cost of courses where they charge up to $150, its a STEAL of a DEAL & a great Community Service they are providing. In closing, I think the comment about " they make you pay to qualify and intentionally make people fail 3 times by making the shooting part so difficult" ROTFLMFAO!! =  Its NOT their fault you cant shoot straight!! = THAT IS HYSTERICAL!!
5	Me and hubby had a great time at this place.  This was our first time shooting a gun, so I was a little nervous especially about the recoil.  Our instructor was great.  We chose the Gun Store Package and were not dissatisfied.  It's cool you get to pick your own targets.  The location is also easy to get to by bus from the strip.
3	This review is for the CCW class. Haven't been to the actual store so can't comment on that. The class is free but you do have to pay for ammunition and I rented a gun. 9mm was $10 and $25 for the rounds to qualify. The class is long it starts at 9am and ends at 6am. I recommend qualifying another day possibly when they open so theirs not as much of a wait. If you go later in the day you have tourists also wanting to shoot and their range is pretty small. We waited almost an hour for just a hand full of people ahead of us. The class itself is good we learned about a lot of laws on using deadly force and learned a lot of about gun safety. Our instructors were Robert Eaton and Gwen Eaton. They both have a ton of experience and you can tell they love their guns. I walked into the class thinking concealed carry would be cool and walked out thinking their is no way in hell I'm gonna carry. It's just not worth it in the end. Chances are even if you do defend yourself and are justified you'll probably still need a lawyer and be either sued or prosecuted. It's really a lose lose I think but anyways the class is good. They do make you take a written test which I think is a joke it just adds more time to the class. So I deducted a star for the dumb written test and the price of ammunition. Oh also the guy doing our qualifying was a dick. He accused me of pointing my gun at the guy next to me which was bs. Tried to make me feel like a moron. I set the gun down and it was pointed at the target the whole time. Also my last bullet was a .40 caliber round. It would've been okay but I had 9mm rounds. No biggie since I passed. Also what they don't tell you until you get to the class is that you have to pay to get your CCW card. I believe its close to $100 but it's good for 5 years.
4	"'Murica, F@ck Yeah!Comin' again to save the motherfuckin' day, Yeah'Murica, F@ck Yeah!Freedom is the only way, Yeah"Somedays you just want to exercise your 2nd Amendment rights. F@ck yeah. When that urge hits, I come here.3 stars for the store but 4 stars for the free Conceal and Carry class, so I rounded it up to 4 stars. This is a solid gun store with a decent selection of guns at reasonable prices. I come here because the range fee is only $5. They used to make you buy their ammo but now you can bring your own ammo! They just need to check it. Goggles and ear muffs are provided. The range is always crowded  on the weekends but it's the best price in LV. If you're a tourist and want the "machine gun experience" with a lot of photo ops, they do that too. Like I mentioned above, the have a FREE Conceal and Carry class for locals, not to mention a lot of other free gun education classes (such as women and self defense). I never took the C&C class but the bf did and he said it was more than competent, especially for the price. Overall a cool lil shop thats been here forever. It's a bit of a drive from the Strip but it's great for locals and gun-lovers.
5	Took my 10 year old boys for their birthday and we had a great time.  Ryan was our range coach and I was at ease because he was supportive,  fun but firm.  Even the wife got to experience her first time shooting.  We got to meet the owner who was great. I know these guys deal with so many tourists and they were shocked we were local, but it's a great time.
4	I brought my family here, seeing all the good reviews and I was not disappointed.We had many first-time (child and adult) shooters, and the idea was to just get them some experience in firing a weapon.Our representative was Tito. I appreciated how he spent time with each of the children to guide them safely how to fire their 0.22s. Especially because the younger ones were scared and nervous about the noise as well as the fact they were wielding a firearm. With his help the kids overcame their fears and had a great time.Thanks so much for helping this family reunion be a memorable one!
5	I took my Nevada CCW course here recently. I came here before on a previous visit to LV during a bachelor party, and the "tourist trap" feeling from my visit previously was still lingering in mind.To my pleasant surprise, I was wrong.  I came in on a Sunday morning to pre-qualify, and it was one of the smoothest, most professional times I have spent at a gun range. Granted I was #2 in line and there were only 3 of us qualifying, but all interactions with staff were pleasant, professional, and efficient. I was in and out of there in less than 15 minutes. VERY happy I prequalified, as the day of my class there were about 35 people that needed to shoot !! Came back the next day ( a Monday) for the actual 8 hour class session. Mike, the instructor kept things lively, and there was some decent discussion about relevant topics.  It's an 8 hour snooze fest class session, unless they have strippers teaching the class I'm not sure how much more interesting they can make it.Anyway, class went well, I passed the state mandated 40 question test, which was terribly written, then went to the fingerprint place on Cameron the following morning.In summary:1) PREQUALIFY!! You can do it up to 14 days before/after taking the 8 hours class. I was the only one who pre-qualified for my class, and there was no way in hell I was going to make a long day even longer waiting around to shoot.  Keep in mind this place is busy with tourists so you may have to wait for a range.2) Good instruction from Mike. Minimal FUD, with some good personal insight3) You have to pay for their ammo when you qualify. I bought 9mm and it was about $27 with tax for a baggie of 36 rounds.   4) Didn't run into gun store attitude, YMMV5) Overall a pleasant experience. No hassles and price-wise, don't see how you can beat it.  I'll probably come here again for the renewal in a few years
5	I love this place. This is the second time I have come here while in Las Vegas and I will make it a point to stop in each time. In addition to a fully stocked gun shop, the indoor range is outstanding. Like anything else in Vegas, it is a bit expensive, but once you get past that, you will have more fun than you ever thought. I took my three sons and we all shot the World War II package. We fired a Thompson sub machine gun, a Grease Gun, Stun, 1911, and an MP3. All fully auto. Nothing better than holding onto a fully auto rifle and feeling that rat-a-tat-tat-tat-tat-tat power in your hands. It's way off the strip, so it doesn't fall into all the commercialism of Las Vegas Blvd. Trust me, this is a must stop when in Vegas.
5	I had a great time they have a shuttle that picks you up from your hotel if they are not to busy and drop you there, if you have never popped off a few rounds before I highly suggest it, it's a bit of fun.Prices are not to insane but I'm Australian so nothing is insane in the states for us. But for a good solid run you are looking around the $180 mark. Save your money son and have a blast.
2	What happened to this place? I think I have more guns then they do. It's always been a tourist trap, but they use to have very reasonable prices for guns and ammo.. Not anymore
4	Every time I make a visit to Vegas, stopping by the Gun Store is always on the to-do list, usually with a few friends in tow. This recent trip was no different.It has been a few years since my last trip and I had heard from family and friends that getting into the Gun Store has become a bit more problematic due to its popularity, so I made sure to call ahead to see what the wait was. Walking in, we found that the Gun Store has been remodeled with a new streamlined set up and range, so maybe that is why we did not have a long wait (midday on a Saturday). Also a few competitors have opened up which probably attributed to that as well. Either way, as soon as we made our choices (we all went with the WWII package) the only waiting we had was the prep our range attendant had to do. As with the previous visits, we all had a blast. Our attendant was very professional and it is hard to not have a fun time when shooting a WWII-era Thompson at a target of Nazi Zombies. Our packages came out to around $150, that includes targets and a  t-shirt. I will mention that do not feel you have to do a package as when you walk inside, they still offer single gun rates as well. So it was another trip to Vegas and another great outing at the Gun Store. Call ahead to check on the wait time as well as the availability of their free shuttle too.
4	I have gone to The Gun Store twice now for my CCW class and both times I've had a pleasant experience. The range was too busy to shoot my qual today so I will go back and shoot it on a later date. Most of the renewal class is information I have received in other classes but I understand that seat time is a requirement. It was nice however that our instructor, Mike Rogers, did a wonderful job of being personable and entertaining. The staff was friendly and made the experience as enjoyable as possible. The nominal fee for ammo is easy to overlook since they offer the class for free. The range itself is a place for tourists. I don't know any locals who go to The Gun Store as their first or even second choice. Their store is usually pretty decent and competitive with other places in town. If you are going for a class where a qualification is required, go practice. Don't blame the instructors for following state guidelines when you fail like some of the other reviewers have complained about.
4	Went in today to do my qual.  Easy pass. It was 3-5-12 yards standard qual. Staff was friendly and we were joking around. I was in and out in 15 minutes. Entire class cost me only $27.30 (cost of ammo +tax) Anyone who complains about this class is foolish or a horrible shot who probably shouldn't have a gun anyway.
5	The gun store isn't where most locals go for their range needs. It is a tourist location so if you go there with that understanding then you will not be disappointed. I took the CCW class and even though it had mandatory material that was covered the instructor kept it entertaining and engaging. The class was free! I only paid for ammo ($26) and the qualification was standard firearm qual. 3-5-12 yard and if you have any experience with your firearm you'll easily pass.
4	First time my wife and I have shot a gun and it was a great experinceGrowing up in Canada not being around guns Ryan at The Gun store really made sure we were comfortable and safe. The store provided us with a shuttle ride from our hotel at NY NY the driver was awesome Steve showed us the available packages and gave us some in site on some tips for when we got to store great experience overall
5	Such a amazing place if you like shooting guns  , I've been wanting to shoot automatic machine guns for a long time since we can't do this in California. Staff is great also, are instructor was really cool too if your nervous they will help you and show you proper way to hold and Handel the firearm.
5	CCW course.The course was administered by Jeremy.He is a great instructor with a wealth of knowledge.The majority of the course was class room instruction/lecture and later, range qualification. .I can say I really learned quite a bit on gun safety. As a resident of CA, I think if we had mandatory courses like this, I believe we could have a chance for gun owners to be able to have a CCW.If your unsure of where to go, ask me, I came from LA just to come here after a business meeting.Lastly, they put you in a position to succeed.That says something.Upon returning later in the year, I plan to head to the range here at the Gun Store.Thanks Jeremy!
1	Years later I ponder this place. I remember the outing as a waste of time more than anything. I take back my two stars. Yeah, shoot me.
5	Came here for the CCW course and left satisfied. Well presented and FREE.
1	Tourist trap!!!!! Expensive!!!!! You can only shoot about 10 shots with each gun and it will cost you about $90 for 3 guns. And the guy don't even let you load the bullets into the gun yourself and shoot as fast as you can. You can only shoot 5 at a time. And they are always there as they afraid you would ruin there guns instead of showing you how to do it or use it and step aside... Very annoying!!!!!
