4	Living downtown leaves you with limited options when it comes to grocery and liquor stores, so to say that the addition of the Phoenix Public Market Urban Grocery and Wine Bar is welcome is an understatement.Urban Grocery reminds me a lot of Foodie's Urban Market in Boston (but on a much smaller scale), and as is the case with most urban markets, the selection limited.   While Urban Grocery does offer a wide range of products (fresh meat, dairy, produce, dry goods) one could never possibly do all of their grocery shopping here.  That is the point of urban markets and groceries though- they offer unique items that you may need at the moment.  Or unique items you can combine into one specific dish. Given its connection to the Downtown Phoenix Public Market you can find a lot of the goods that are from the vendors at the market - jams or honey for example.   I think it is best to think of this as a boutique shopping experience rather than a grocer experience, and know going in that they may not have what you are looking for it if you need something really specific. The biggest drawback, for me, is the hours.   I hope in the future that this will change, I would really appreciate a store open on the weekends and past 8pm.  I hope that as time goes on that they respond to the need of the residents in the area and provide more opportunities for us to shop there.  It does have promise as a lunch location, and I am looking forward to checking it out for that purpose. The space where the seating is located is surrounded by large windows so it is very bright, yet is separated from the market in such a way that you do not feel as if you are sitting in the aisle of a store.For now I am giving Urban Grocery 4 stars, it really fills a need in our neighborhood and shows promise.
2	First off, let me say that I live almost across the street from here and have been waiting for a grocery store downtown for almost 5 years.  I was there the very first day they were open and have been back three or four times since.  I waited to write my review until they had their "grand opening" and until they had gotten into the groove of having a market.Boy, where do I start with the complaints?  The biggest complaint is not so much the hours but the DAYS that they are open.  Maybe I'm weird but I do my grocery shopping on Sunday.  We specifically didn't get a few things from F&E because we wanted the ones from the market.  I try and go Sunday but they are closed.  Try and go back Monday...they are closed.  At this point, I really need those items and I'm just going to buy them from a normal store.  It doesn't make any sense why you would have a ton of vendors there on Saturday dropping off their goods only to have them sit, locked up, until Tuesday.  If you need two days off, take Saturday and Wednesday off when the outdoor market is in full swing.My next complaint is the selection.  I'm not even going to complain that you don't have basic things like fruit or butter.  I'm going to complain that you carry fish from Alaska (not local) and that you carry Shamrock milk! WTF! You could be carrying SuperFarm milk, butter, and ice cream but instead you carry the same thing Target has.  Try supporting real local business instead of mega-giant Shamrock Farms.Finally, what's with the "wine bar"?  Is it actually somewhere in the building or am I supposed to sit in the middle of the produce and drink?  It really feels like too much room was wasted on the sandwich/wine bar counter area and not enough was set aside for actual groceries.  I know this place will get better but right now one would be pretty hard pressed to do their grocery shopping here.
2	I would give this "Urban Grocery" a better rating if their hours were better!  Being closed on Sunday and Monday, two of the most common "oops, I forgot something and need to go to the grocery store" days, is not the best idea.  It's great that this place is within walking distance of our home, but their stock just isn't that great.  I'm glad that I can get Hickman's eggs there, but I wish that they used Superstition Farm milk instead of the ubiquitous Shamrock.  SuperFarm's milk tastes better and lasts longer.  They have an interesting selection of produce, and I realize it's still growing, but we live in AZ so stuff like berries are not to be expected.  Bummer.  They carry some stuff that I will purchase every so now and then like the AZ Cheesecake Co. treats and the bread from Scottsdale, but that's about it.
4	GREAT customer service!  Bought a compromised food item and they assured me that this issue would be corrected immediately. Plus they insisted on comping me the BEST MEDJOOL dates I have ever ever tasted.  I had been happy to pay $7 per pound for them because they are utterly superior when purchasing them before.
4	I came for the Sweet Republic.  I also left with toilet paper.  That I paid $2.95 for 4 rolls.  Ok, it's recycled, but still.It's a really cute setting and mighty cozy.  The produce section has great variety and even a good section of herbs.I think this place will be a "treat" for me to shop in, because of the prices.  I'll be comparing what I spent on the toilet paper to the recycled stuff at TJ's and we'll see if it's comparable.I want to see it thrive!  The prices are what will keep some people away, I'm afraid.
4	Nice little place to visit. While in the neighborhood I stopped by. It looks so urbanly adorably, which is actually high on my book. While I wouldn't drive from my house to this store . i would stop by to pick up local items like:Great prices on Queen Creek Olive ProductsBeautiful Local / Maya's produce, I purchase lettuce, huge chard and shallotsokay prices on items I use like organic split peas, sun dried tomatoes,  and grainsPicked up a Tshirt for the Urban Markets ... and looking forward to checking it out again.
4	I love what this place is striving towards. Things I specifically love: 1) a stable, dependable, local outdoor farmer's market on Saturday and Wednesday - full of awesome local goods and repping the people who actually grow/make the stuff 2) a permanent building housing a stock of a selection of said goods, open most days of the week 3) although i'm already a locavore, discovering new sources for real food, like DoubleCheck Ranch's beef etc - i'm a huge fan! 4) the cool design and layout of the structure 5) a genuinely friendly atmosphere and helpful, if still learning, staff 6) the constantly fresh-roasted beans at the Royal Coffee Bar - hayes is the (somewhat effeminate) man! 7) a place to keep discovering new quirky local arts and foodstuffsI hope to give this 5 stars in the future. Here's what needs to happen: 1) be open on Sunday 2) expand your offerings and keep the shelves filled (i know this is a challenge) 3) have more ppl available to help ring up during busy times (market saturday, etc) 4) inspire more confidence that if i order a sammich, i'll get it before dinner (i haven't ordered one yet, but i'm scared to because i don't know who's gonna make it - i don't see anyone cooking stuff!)Ultimately, this is EXACTLY the kind of stuff phoenix needs in its efforts to  be the "real city" that everyone bitches it ain't. So if you want it to succeed and want more of this in phoenix's future, support it. Give constructive feedback. Buy real local food instead of the crap at most supermarkets. You have 3 choices: support, bitch or get stoned and order domino's
4	I have to say I went to this place reluctantly. My wife made me go. I did not order anything the first time I went in, but the next day I went back for takeout lunch. The place does not have much seating, and the food is mostly organic, which is often code for expensive vegetarian fare. I have to say I was surprised about the food. It is really good, tastes fresh, and fills you up. The meat loaf I had was fantastic. Give the place a shot. The food is fairly inexpensive and it is good.
4	not a review for the opened air market, but for the storefront.a little expensive, but the quality is good. i purchased two potatoes to make home made hashbrowns and spent 3 bucks. 6 bucks for a pint of sweet republic ice cream, and a milk stout beer. total 12 bucks. 3 items.at the same time, if i was at AJ's i'm sure it would have come about to the same price..and i never balked at spending there. i look forward to trying a sandwich there. looks good.
5	I am so excited this opened!This is a little market that is focusing on local and sustainable items, so if you are in need of a box of frosted flakes this is not the place to go.They have amazing produce and a great selection of vegan and vegetarian items.
4	ok..got my first sandwich. meatitarian, with sausage, since saturday is sausage day.here is an outtake from my facebook update. loldowntown public market makes bomb ass sandwiches. omg. like really..bomb. like...3 iraqi insurgents went into the place and put a IED in my sandwich. plus that royal coffee place is the ish too...toddy coffee..yes please.i'll take a moment to expand on that view. after i got home and ate the sandwich was i stoked. bread is soft, meat delish, peppers sweat and roasted, cheese..melty. sandwich bliss. i'm all over this one from now on. saturday...cometh.
4	Great neighborhood market with all local and organic products. Have eaten here for lunch and my salad was amazing.  Also I have had coffee at the royal and though its good, I thought it was a little overpriced. I really wished I could make this a more regular place to shop, but it can be a little on the more expensive side, and selection of products can be a little limited. Last night we went looking for crave ice cream and there was only one flavor left in the freezer. Overall, the produce is awesome and most of the products local and something to support. GO LOCAL!
5	Come for lunch all the time. Went for First Friday & the chef put together an awesome sampler w/ bruschetta, quinoa salad, hummus & chips. The BEST part is the ARIZONA WINES!! Yay for a place recognizing that we have good wine here.
5	i've been shopping here weekly since the storefront first opened and they are now really hitting their stride.  Well stocked shelves and the new products rotating in only enhance the mix.  For example...on the bakery end of things you could get Simply Bread (simply delicious!) from Day One, as well as the bread and tortilla offerings of the outdoor market vendors.  Today they have all of those things plus their bakery case has an interesting, varied selection of baked-on-site goodies (thankyou thankyou for having freshed baked slices of pie, a rarity in Phoenix!) and (drum roll) they have added freshly baked pita bread from the Middle Eastern Bakery (best in town!) to go with the great hummus and spreads and dips they have had on the shelves since day one.  See what i mean?  very thoughtful additions as the months have gone on.  I recently got some special avocado oil here (which can be used at higher temps than the already delicious Queen Creek olive oil varieties - you need both kinds, i think) and the other salsas, sauces, spreads etc make the perfect take home treats or gift items.  The produce selection is the best, They are sticking to the outdoor market's original intent which was to showcase vegetables and fruits in season.  The selection always has plenty of variety and i have always been excited to find new items to try alongside the household staples like onion and potato and tomato and (the sweetest little) organic apples.  Most of the meat offerings are frozen which keeps them super fresh, they do offer fresh refrigerated chicken which cooks up very moist. i have to confess that there is one particular item that i love to buy at this store (i'm not saying what, so i have at least a chance of getting it once a week!) but i noticed they usually do run out of it at some point during the week...that is perfectly okay with me though, because that means everyone else has discovered how good it is too!  I hope that happens regularly to many more items in stock at this great little 'shop local' market!The staff is friendly and helpful and i've noticed the sandwich/salad offerings have expanded over time.  People always seem to be sitting at the wine bar having a good time any night i am there.  They just announced the storefront will be open till 11 pm on First  Friday nights so let's all stop by during their expanded hours!  we need more places like this.  Congrats Phoenix Public Market, keep it going!
5	Excellent.(Okay, so it shines in part by its proximity to ... nothing. The coffee is burnt and the scones ... not so delish. Nonetheless, if you're in downtown Pheonix and you need lunch, this is your spot.)
5	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):9 Food10 Service9 Atmosphere6 ValueI love this place because it's a little bit of everything.  It has a great little lunchable cafe, a little wine bar area, and a little grocery area.  The offerings are limited so it's not a good place for larger trips, but if you want some fresh produce or have a quick need, this place is perfect.  It also carries Crave ice cream (a very rare thing) and some other local/artisan products.
5	It no longer carries Crave ice cream  :([[update: actually it does now! woohooo!]]BUT!  I went to the wine bar this past weekend, and it surprised my socks off.  They then asked me to put my socks back on, which I did reluctantly, and poured me a $10 flight of 4 choose-your-own wines.  That's a good price!  The artisan cheese plate for just under $7 was also a steal!  All this just surprised me because the grocery prices are quite high, and then I discover these bargain basement prices in the wine bar.  Awesome.To top it off was a flaky cinnamon baklava.  Just sayin'.
4	I've been here twice now and have had great experiences. First of all, the place is super cute! Not sure how a grocery store could really be cute, but it is! The first time I was there was part of the Urban Wine Walk and the place was pretty busy. I heard from other wine-walkers that the Phoenix Public Market had the best food special that day, however by the time we got there I think they changed it up to accommodate the unexpected crowd. Took a few minutes to figure out the flow that first day. Since there were so many people we didn't know if we should go to the counter or sit at a table. In just a few minutes we were at a table and our wine was on the way. The second time was just a quite Saturday afternoon and we stopped in for a glass of wine after our group left us at the Turf to go to a D-backs game. We were the only two people in there (beside the staff), but everything was great, good wine, kind staff . . . we were happy! I love the glasses at the counter that used to be wine bottles! How cool is that!? I got one the first time and had to get another the second time. Great glasses for only $5!
5	Wanted to let folks know that Crave ice cream is back at the Urban Grocery.  Yum!
5	I love this place! I just got a sample of all their little salads for lunch and every one of them is healthy and extremely tasty. I love buying all the local fruits, vegetables, and cheese. I never make it to the actual farmer's market, so this is very helpful in being able to make it whenever I want. I've never had a problem with the employees or any of the food I've bought there. It's an adorable place and the little cafe in the back rocks! Best coffee I've had in awhile. Oh, and who cares that they're not open on Sunday and Monday, at least we have a local urban nonprofit market to go to in this city. Also, from a previous review. Where are they going to get local fish that's worth a damn? Just be happy with whatever you can get local, and don't go there if you don't like the selection. This place makes me happy. :)
4	I can't say that I've made it to the Saturday morning farmer's market (yet), but I've visited the store quite a few times now. It's definitely small, and it may not have everything you need for your weekly visits. But it has tons of fresh and delicious produce, and plenty of other unique finds. You can also order salads and sandwiches from the deli counter, or head around back for a cup of coffee.It's the perfect one-stop-shop on my way home from a long day at work!
4	After getting my new gym membership a Gold's Elite yesterday, I stopped in here at Phoenix Public Market and Wine bar. I was starving. Ive been here before for the Saturday market, but not for lunch. I absolutely LOVE this place. I was there after lunch so it was quiet (niiiice) I look a little lost as I was browsing around, so a very kind and helpful girl offered assistance. She poured me a glass of a local chardonnay, recommended the turkey sandwich I sat down and just relaxed. But no Wi-fi?? hmmm. maybe I just couldn't connect. next time I will ask, I was too busy devouring my wonderful $7 sandwich. The turkey was big chuncks of roasted white and dark meat. YUM. also had a  mix of crunchy cabbage with a special sauce. The veggies were sooooo good (chemical free) that i pushed the turkey aside( to take home) and just at those. The bread was four grain and yum! After my tastey healthy lunch I went back to the salad counter and bought a sample  of all their vegan mixed salads !! YUMM!!! Fresh beets, herb and potatoe salad, spicy cabage salad !! The food was excellent ! The service was excellent !! covered parking ! I LOVE this place !! I will be a regular here for sure !! But no wi-fi??? maybe in the coffee area next door , I'm hoping !!!!oh I forget to mention the well educated staff! I asked if everything was 'organic' the girl behind the counter said yes and mostly from local growers, she was kindly corrected by her superior that there has to be a special cert to be called ' organic' . they do have organic items but some are 'chemical/pesticide free. I appreciated  her honesty and her astuteness ! yay Public Market !!
4	Great place to sit at the wine bar and drink a nice glass of wine and people watch!
5	Usually I stop in here for my veggies and other grocery items that I forgot or couldn't get at the Saturday market. I had yet to stay and try any of their deli or food that they prepare on site. Don't ask me why it's taken so long but I finally decided to stay for a bite to eat. Again in one of my indecisive moods, I scanned over the chalkboards to see if anything jumped out. OooooH.....the Market Sampler $9, soup, sandwich, snacks, cheeses, salads. When I asked it was described as a nice variety of many of the items they offer in smaller portions. Sweet! The lady behind the counter let me know that this option would take a little more time to prepare, but I was not in a hurry. Also had her serve me up a glass of a Lemongrass [Agua] Fresca. I took a seat with my Fresca and watch them go to work. Sipping my lemongrass fresca I wasn't sure what to expect as I read the ingredient list while waiting....lemongrass, celery, lime juice, sparking water and simple syrup. I was skeptical about the celery flavor in particular. WOW! This was super. Not to sweet and the celery was not over powering and just added to its bright, fresh and invigorating flavor. The Sampler was huge. Easily shared , this is a BIG meal for 1, a light meal or nice appetizer for 2. I could see this being kind of like chef "surprise" as you really don't which of the sandwiches, soups or cheeses they may put on the board. [I guess you could have more say but I liked letting them just do their thing.] The soup on the board was a chilled spinach cucumber. My board had 3 varieties of cheese, a espresso lavender cheddar, a sheep's milk parmigiana type, and some cheese curds with a light dressing. There were also 3 salads on the board a cabbage based "slaw" with toasted almonds n stuff in a light vinaigrette type dressing (on the spicy side), a roasted potato and veggie salad and a brown rice salad (a little salty). There were 4 sandwich portions, 2 were a roasted veggie with a balsamic dressing on rustic Italian type bread and the other 2 were a peanut butter banana with a mango pepper jelly on multigrain. The final treat on the plate was a some corn chips and tomato based/salsa like dip. [Yeah i told ya....a lot of stuff!!] All of it was soooo goood. I ended up taking half of it home for brunch the next day. This place has me spoiled. Another one of the reasons I love living downtown.
2	The $3.17 lemon bar was pricey for what I got! It was okay...not anything special, especially since there were larger treats that were only $2.00 and $2.50.   Okay, I agree with supporting the local economy, local farmers and all that encompasses it, but does that mean it should cost MORE when stuff doesn't have to be shipped in?!  The kitchyness of this place is kewl, but the prices are over the top and from what I saw, there is no chef working the kitchen. One lady from the back kitchen asked for my newspaper so she could spread it out and clean up a mess on the floor? What was that about?! Let's cheer this experiment on, but they would more likely be better supported if their prices were reduced by 20-25%.  "Organic" should be competitive too!  This reminds me of a little country ma & pop grocery struggling to keep make it....without the personality.
4	The staff here is absolutely incredible.  I came in looking for some fresh mozzarella and a few other ingredients for dinner that night.  They didn't have any mozzarella left but they had buratta that they were thinking about carrying.  I was promptly given a full container for free to take with me with the caveat that I have to let them know whether or not I think they should stock it.  A resounding yes btw.  I then started talking to someone about tomatoes and I trun around and there is a small tomato quartered and sitting on a plate being handed to me to try.  Seriously?  I felt like If I spent enough time there I would be given enough samples to make a whole meal.  But it worked because everything that I sampled I would purchase in a heartbeat there.  I love the fact that everything is locally sourced and I love the passion of the people that work there.  If I could get the prices down it would be a more frequent spot for me but quality isn't cheap so I understand.  Thanks Public Market.
5	Cindy Gentry has created a large part of her dream here and with the outdoor market. Many Phoenicians' dreams have been wonderfully fulfilled as well - I can tell - the aisles are becoming too narrow.It keeps getting better - the chefs, the selection, the support. Our meals at home are increasingly prepared exclusively from local ethically created ingredients found at these two dreamlands... Now will someone please step up and make yogurt locally?!? Which reminds me - my CSM card promises me a discount this week on CRAVE ice cream - but 4 reviews said it's no longer carried? What gives?
5	I had been wanting to visit this market for a while.  What a great spot!  The first thing that struck me when I walked in was that it was much smaller than I thought it would be.  If I lived in this area I would probably be here a lot.  They have lots of local and organic things, a lovely deli, and a great little wine bar.  I had my first taste of Arizona wine here.  Jim, the Wine Guy, knows his stuff!  Personally, I think the wine bar should be bigger.  Only 4 people can sit at the bar at a time, comfortably.  On the other side of the store are some tables and chairs for eating in if one chooses to do so.  I wish there was a little store like this out in the East Valley.  It lends itself to being a great little neighborhood place to pop in and pick up a few things, grab lunch or dinner to go, or sit and chill at the wine bar.  Farmer's market takes place on Wedsneday evening and Saturday morning.  All the good food trucks like Short Leash Dogs, Truckin' Good Food, and Torched Goodness are here too.  And it's only about two blocks from the light rail!
5	OK I am fully sold on this place in every way! As a recent transplant from Ohio I am completely taken by every aspect of this gem of a market! Staff is friendly and informative of not just what is sold here and what activities they sponsor but also what is going on in the downtown Phoenix area and the arts districts happenings. A very community minded feel as well as the greatest healthy food selections is what you will find here. 5 stars!!!!!
1	I have been going to the open-air Saturday market for a while, but have never gone into the store. I have always had a pleasant time and the sellers are always friendly and helpful. In contrast to the friendly merchants outside, the grocery store people were not, at least not to me and the person I was with. Answering a question seemed like a chore to the girl behind the counter. Then the cashier, although superbly pleasant to the person checking out before us, did not provide the same to us. We are probably not the kind of customers they like or are used to?I'll probably continue to go to the open-air Saturday market but definitely skip the store.
4	This is definitely a little gem tucked away in Downtown Phoenix. Like any other treasure of downtown Phoenix, Downtown Phoenix Market is unassuming and you could easily pass by it several times without realizing it's there. But do yourself a favor and seek it out, you won't be sad! This market is small and full of snacks, treats, sweets, AZ wines, freshly roasted coffee, fresh produce, dairy and any other market goodies you can imagine. It even has a wine bar and a coffee shop inside. Just today, they started Mobile Food Truck Fridays. I have a lot of hope for this service now that gourmet food trucks are becoming more popular in Phoenix. The parking lot is a great spot for not only the farmer's market but the mobile food truck center. I enjoyed the coffee shop where I can order a low key cup of hot or iced coffee and then sit and work if need be. They have a good sized area with tables behind the market. The entire market is intimate and quaint and contributes to the feel of a true downtown. I can't wait to see what they do next!
4	I had breakfast down at the Public Market Grocery today.  I'd gone for my Saturday morning fitness walk with the good folks from the 100 Mile Challenge, and ordered my usual large iced Americano from Royal at the Market.  I was hungry, but a cookie/muffin didn't sound great.  I ventured next door to the market, and asked about breakfast options.  They have a quiche du jour, and I got the last slice!  It was yummy,  and came with a side of mixed purple and gold potatoes.  I asked if the new patio was open for seating, and they told me they'd bring my order out to me.  It was a lovely morning, and I had primo people watching as I enjoyed my breakfast on the green and light-festooned patio.
4	I can't provide a comprehensive review of the Urban Grocery and Wine Bar, but I definitely enjoyed what I saw this Wednesday.  Markets usually scare me because I don't know how to shop for food.  Luckily, I went there with some friends for wine tasting.  And it was free.  Seriously, how great is that?  Overall, I only liked one of the wines.  So did my friends and since the night was so nice and the Grocery has a patio, we bought a bottle and sat outside, drank and chatted.  Then we bought a second.  And a third.  We also had a cheese plate with a very interesting mango jalapeno jam on the side.  If I ever learn to shop for food properly, I might just come back here.
4	I am so in love with PHX Public Market -- I should marry it. Almost all of the produce makes me tingle. I've packed my grocery bag full of berries, spinach, green beans and more. All local, all tasty. It's important to note, some items are too pricey and some aren't perfectly fresh but you have to be selective and buy what makes sense. It is a fun place to pick up a few items you can't easily get elsewhere. Don't miss the wine selection in the back of the store. I am quickly making my way through the choices and am convinced I've been paying too much for CA wines. Rancho Rossa cab/merlot blend - a 2005 for $25?! Yes, please.  The market staff is always helpful and willing to offer suggestions. Grab some Crave ice cream then a coffee at  the conjoined Royal at the Market on the way out.
4	As a historic preservationist, I love the old building. If I could have designed a store for an adaptive reuse project, it would look like this. The fresh produce always looks amazing. They carry ice cream from Sweet Republic and other products you would associate with a farmers market, i.e. non-label or locally produced food like honey, chips, cheese, etc. I go for the wine. I wasn't a wine snob before but I am now. I will no longer drink wine if it's not grown in Arizona. The public market has a wide selection of Arizona wine (a little more on the pricey side) but worth it. This is a great place to see neighbors, friends, and to really feel the sense of place in the community that the Public Market has created.
5	Love this place. Been coming here for almost two years now, satudays when the market is in "session" for breakfast. wow, how do i tell you this. I literally feel beter about life afer eating here and shopping the fresh veggies and meats...lots of knowledge and organic foods, lots of healthy stuff. Really nice place for a weekend walk, bike, whatevs'Totally recommendHave fun
4	I was pleasantly surprised to find the Phoenix Public Market across the parking deck from the Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication. It's too bad it's not located on the ground floor of the school, replacing the space currently occupied by Subway. It would be much healthier for the students.I had their breakfast protein shake, which was AWESOME! Even though it was $6, I ended up having TWO!While the shop is not as big as a Whole Foods, it does provide the organic and healthy staples, while serving fresh salads, pastries, and different types of chocolates. I didn't get to purchase the local bran of organic ice cream, which seems to be popular. Maybe next time I'm back in Phoenix.I also liked their little coffee shop in the back room, which is separate from the main shopping area, giving you a bit of quiet to read a book or check your email.Lastly, all the staff are quirky, yet incredibly friendly. They offered up suggestions for local things to do, and were generally helpful.Overall, love this place. I wish it a long and successful life. The world needs more Phoenix Urban Markets.
3	The hubs and I stroll through the indoor market when we are down at the farmer's market on the weekends.  They seem to have a good assortment of items, though the prices are quite high.  But I'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt because they are a local business.  One morning we were at the farmer's market and decided to grab something for breakfast - its never a good idea to shop hungry :).  I got in line for coffee while the hubs ordered breakfast.  The coffee is fabulous!  I like my food simple - so when the hubs came back with an egg and cheese I wasn't looking for anything fancy (eggs, cheese, maybe a little butter, salt and pepper on some sort of bread product).  I quickly found out that this was some sort of a hipster egg and cheese. Lettuce on an egg and cheese?  Who does that?  There were also tomatoes, mustard and assorted spices.  I'm willing to admit that maybe its just me and my underdeveloped "simple" palette.  So if you are a hipster and you're hankering for an egg and cheese - this is your place. Regardless, be sure to get a cup of coffee, its awesome!
5	I've been planning a visit to the Public Market for some time now, and was downtown today so I finally stopped in for lunch.  I had the "Friggin Chicken", which was friggin delicious.  The market fare is counter service, but when I was ordering the cashier was very friendly and courteous and brought my food to me out on the patio.This was a very pleasant first experience, sitting on the patio reading a book, sipping my canned mint green tea, and eating my sandwich with a side of couscous.  The atmosphere was very relaxed and there were others nearby sharing a bottle of wine, or just finishing up their lunch with good conversation.  Speaking of the wine, there was an impressive wine and craft beer selection.  I'll be going back to sample the beverages very soon.On my way out, I stopped at the coffee bar for a latte, which was much more bold and flavorful than your "Fast Food Coffee" variety; a great way to finish off my lunch.  If you're looking for a quick, inexpensive, fresh and local dining experience, check this place out.
4	What a wonderful little place!  On a scorching day, Urban Grocery was welcoming, and not just becasue of the air conditioning.  The produce was super fresh and looked amazing, varied, and glistening right there in the case.  There's also organic this and fair-trade that, honeys from AZ, grains, seeds, nuts, dried fruit... what a treasure this place is for Phoenix.
5	I mean no disrespect to the Yelpers here who've said things like "the prices are a bit high" or who've listed this place as less than 5 stars. The truth about this place is it's amazing; it's amazing in so many more ways than what simply meets the eye. Let's start with the idea that it's a non-profit organization, and that if you want to make a difference in society, you understand that it's not all about making a 'contribution' via production, or satisfying the ego with big dreams to do something huge in the world. It's about the little things you do, each and every day, and spending $$ at a place like this when you could easily go elsewhere to corporate iconic wastelands ala Sprawlmart, then you understand that buying groceries from a place like this isn't just about the delicious food you put on the table or the convenience in how it got there.It's about community. It's about reshaping parts of a broken system with subtle resistance and contributions to a place like this; buy farm fresh - support local farmers, do what you can to curb the obesity pandemic surely, but it's so much more than that. It's also about what this nonprofit does for your community. Like helping low-income families afford fresh vegetables so that they're not feeding their children more hydrogenated lifestyles because they're too misinformed or poor to shop elsewhere. The selection is incredible; farm fresh vegetables and eggs taste like nothing you've ever imagined if you're a recovering ex-Suburbanite, and all this an more matters so much more concretely than the idea that I have to dish out an extra dollar for those eggs.
3	12/15/10Came here to meet w/ a Yelper friend to check out the Phoenix Public Market fare at night- all of my previous visits had been in the mornings.  Most of the vendors and food trucks were the same as those I've seen before, but there were a few new (to me!) and notable, too.  One in particular offered ultra-thin sweet Dutch stroopwafels (cookies) I was tempted to take home, but the $9 sticker for about 7 or 8 pieces kept me at bay.  That, and the calories that they promised to bring w/ them, as well!  Hehe.  But I am getting ahead of myself...Friend hadn't arrived, yet, but I went inside the market to order the BBQ pork sandwich, which I'd been eyeing for a couple of visits, and a black cuppa at the Coffee at the Royale.  All the tables had been taken, save for one, which I soon found out had wobbly legs, so I asked the man w/ a laptop nearby if he could share his table w/ me.  He generously obliged, and I sat down thinking I'd be able to write a few reviews while waiting for my friend and sandwich to arrive.  As it turned out, I didn't write any reviews that evening, for soon we were talking about our food adventures in the valley-- funny how effective an icebreaker the love of discussing good food is, eh?  After a few minutes, I went to check on my sandwich and arrived at the table w/ it, plus a chocolate-dipped almond cookie.  Since the cookie was an impulse-buy, I decided I'd share my sandwich w/ my new acquaintance, so that I may save some room for the tasty cookie!  Loved the pretzel bun and all of the veggies that came w/ the sandwich (red bell pepper, caramelized onions, and even green beans!), the shredded pork was OK-- I would've enjoyed it more had it been less shredded, and more chunky in texture.  The cookie, a little chewy on the inside and a bit crumbly on the outside, was absolutely delightful, especially when paired w/ my cup of black coffee.Friend finally arrived, so we said our long goodbye to our new acquaintance, and headed outside to see what's new... Truckin' Good Food was out there selling homemade cocoa for $2- it tasted fantastic, and perfect for a cool evening in December...Now that I've thought about it, I should've bought some of those stroopwafels!
5	A homegrown garden grows when it's cared for with love and by people who want it to thrive. The vegetables, herbs and fruits only survive if they are watered, given nutrients and protected in severe weather. In addition, the best of gardens have a green thumbed gardener overseeing the entire operation. The Phoenix Public Market reminds me of a cherished homegrown garden.Just as if I was walking through a friend's house into their backyard of homegrown products, I walked into the Phoenix Public Market and immediately took in a whiff of fresh herbs, produce and products welcoming me inside. Freshly picked fruits and vegetables sat in the middle cooler and dairy, more produce, meat and other refrigerated treats such as hummus lingered in the left-hand cooler. In the back cooler, locally owned products such as Sweet Republic made their home in the freezer and then throughout the rest of the shop, locally owned delights sat on the shelves. There's everything from Desert Smoke BBQ sauce and Tracey Dempsey Originals, to locally owned cracker companies and plenty of dairy. It's easy to spend awhile exploring each and every product.Now it's time to pick from the "garden" and talk about the restaurant portion of the market. Here they make everything including breakfast, salads, sandwiches and plenty of baked goods. Today I went for the fresh Turkey sandwich. My-oh-my was it delicious. Freshly roasted turkey hugged chewy wheat bread and fruit jam as well as a herb mayo spread kept the turkey and bread together. It's a simple sandwich but something about the combination of ingredients makes it much more than just simple. It tasted like a garden on my plate especially with the tomatoes and lettuce that accompanied it.After my meal, I continued to sit in the grocery store and do some work while looking out on the Downtown buildings and beautiful vines growing on the market's patio. For a split second I forgot I was in 113 degree weather in Phoenix and pretended like I was sitting in a cool 75 degree San Francisco day; or better yet, a fresh garden overlooking an ocean. Finally, I finished my day with a meeting inside the coffee shop (Royal at the Market) and before I left, I browsed the outdoor Public Market that goes on every Wednesday night. It was a wonderful afternoon and the reason I love to live local so much.This is clearly someplace where you can spend the entire day daydreaming and imagining you're in a garden. It's a pleasant atmosphere to do work in. The staff is extremely friendly, but they let people do their work and chat when guests are ready for a conversation.** Some other highlights of the Market include a Chef Series where you can learn to cook and eat the food, wine tasting events, Food Truck Fridays (with many of my favorite local food trucks like Short Leash Dogs!) and of course the thing that started it all - the Public Market (come on Wednesday night and Saturday mornings)
5	Ever had a piece of Broccoli that made you re-evaluate the vegetable entirely? Well I did, and I bought it from Phx Pub Mrkt. Beautiful verdant luscious dark green colour, crunchy savory and earthy, it even kept in my fridge far longer than I'd have figured an organic piece of Broccoli bought in an open air market should've kept. This broccoli made me a believer in this place. Nowadays I only shop for my seasonal fruits and veggies here, and the fact it's within walking distance from my shack only gives me further incentive. The market itself is not too big, they offer some hippie entrees at a lunch counter made by kids with tattoos and piercings and humble courteous faces. The veggies, fruits, and most of the merchanise is eihter a.)local b.)organic c.) expensive or d.)all of the above. However I love everything this market stands for and is trying to accomplish, I can only sing it's praises and shell money at it, hoping it grows into the little shop of horrors it was meant to be- with giant 7 foot anthropomorphized campy Little Richard like broccoli heads with a taste for blood and musicals.
5	Great sandwiches, fun place to hang out, cool people, lots of little events, everyone should go here.
3	4th stop on the dine around. Our trio rated this a 3.5, but I wasn't completely swayed so I'll round down to a 3. I've heard lots about this place, so I was interested in checking it out. Upon arrival, you'll find that it's a quaint little spot, with a few tables in the front, the market area, and in the back additional seating and a cafe. On the way out, I also noticed a sign for a patio. Our group had the bruschetta, roast beef slider, and raspberry bar and found ourselves a table in the back. I was interested in getting something from the cafe but didn't feel like waiting in line so I passed, but it did look appetizing. I enjoyed my bruschetta, now that I'm a recent fan of goat cheese (first time trying it was earlier today). It wasn't anything extaordinary, but it was fresh and yummy. Jon wasn't wowed by the roast beef slider, but I thought it was pretty good. And the raspberry bar would go perfect with a cup o'joe or a hot tea. It's a pretty "hipster" scene, but not pretentious and everyone seemed content with their groups or just doing their own thing. And the grocery selection looked pretty good, though I didn't pay much attention to the selection, there are probably some good finds. If I'm in the area I may return.
4	I think that this a great representation of urban Phoenix and it has inspired me to shop more local.  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. Granted I have not had anything from their deli - it all looks yummy!  And I appreciate most of the products - especially the fresh good is local.  Please support!!!
4	I used to come here so often that the super friendly staff knew my name! Every neighborhood should have a place like this. Located central to the ASU Downtown Campus and other hot spots in the area, this is a great place to visit for a quick lunch or to pick up some locally-sources goodies, produce and other organic products.They make fresh salads that change everyday, sold by the pound and are perfect for a healthy meal, and they also have a menu of made-to-order sandwiches, appetizers, and breakfast in the mornings.Keep an eye on their website/twitter/FB for weekly specials and happenings. Yum!
5	Okay, before I wrote my review did a quick look at other Yelp posts, I've noted quite a few people love it (and if you see my rating you know i'm in the Woohoo! category on this one). Seems much of the lack of love comes from a perspective on price and if price  is a primary criteria for the evaluation, Phoenix Public Market probably won't feel the love tonight (yes, just like the song). However, let me, as a humble fellow Yelper, argue for the joy and wonder that is...Phoenix Public MarketRun well and lots to offerI just went here on Wednesday night, when I visited the evening farmer's market for the first time. Just look at how many things are available, and local, in one location. You have a deli, with healthy soup, sandwich and pre-made items to go (I got me some roasted carrots to take home, and they are quite good), along with a decent selection of local items (and yes, you pay a bit more but...you are also supporting local food producers). There was also a small wine section and a selection of local Arizona wines (free tastings I guess as well, on Wednesday night). You go through another door and you have a coffee bar, and you can get to all of this from the Van Buren or Roosevelt light rail stop (I realize not everyone can ride the rail easily but I think being along the rail line is a huge plus).Not just providing a service but an experienceLook, when you go to a place like this half the fun is feeling a part of a larger community and trying new things and it helps anchor the farmer's market where, on a Wednesday evening, there are not only local farmers but often music and a nice variety of local food trucks..it's fun!So, once again, it depends on your criteria for evaluation but I'll argue that the Phoenix Public Market offers something unique you won't find anyplace else in Phoenix. As for those who might argue anyone who loves it has never been outside of Phoenix...I've been outside of Phoenix, a lot, and i still think it is a pretty cool place to visit. :-)
5	I absolutely love this little, local gem!  While they are smaller, they have a great selection of all kinds of stuff!  I recently had to rush back down to purchase an other Field Loaf.  It's amazing!  They have several flavors, my favorite being the Lentil Sage or the Wild Mushroom.  Essentially it's a little log made of grains, vegetables and legumes.  Good cold or hot, sliced or chopped.  Amazing!!!  I usually sautee mine and add it to dishes for a meaty texture.  (It's totally vegan).  They have vegan options for cheese and yogurt and ice creams, too.  I also picked up a nice little bag of pink Himalayan salt, which I am now in love with.  They have crackers, pastas, chips, dips, sauces, meats, local veggies and fruits,cleaning supplies, dairy items, olive oils from the Queen Creek Olive Mill, wine (some local) and they have food that's ready to eat in their cafe/deli area.  I love it here, and the friendly staff are always fun to chat with as their bagging up my groceries.  While their prices may seem a little higher, it really isn't when you think about how awesomely local much of their items are!    Can't wait to go back!
3	5/9/12Came by to use up the rest of my CSM gift card since the market is set to close this Saturday at 5p.  Everything in the store, besides what were offered in the deli and fresh-prepared, were 25% off.  Already, the store looked like it was running on fumes-- 1/3 to 1/2 of the shelves stocked, and not much food in the deli cases, and almost-barren pastry case.  Produce aisle was almost empty.  There were still a few bottles of AZ wine left.  If I hadn't made it a point to only drink organic and/or sustainable wines a few months ago, I'd have walked out with a few bottles...For sustenance, I ordered a bit of the pasta, quinoa, and sweet potato salads, and I enjoyed it very much!  Loved the lemon-herb vinaigrette used in the quinoa salad.  The pasta was perfect in texture and bite, and not too greasy.  The sweet potatoes were terrific!  Not mushy or too sweet.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/o9ncq8xQo_hd427lMsQQZw?select=Z7R54ZSL8VU0YtBHDD5LFQ#Z7R54ZSL8VU0YtBHDD5LFQ  Since I was trying to use up my gift card, I decided to order two sandwiches to try a few bites out of and then box the rest up for leftovers.  LOVED the Smoke Shop (?) bacon used-- very meaty, and not too much fat gristle to trim!  Delicious!  I also enjoyed the aioli very, very much.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/o9ncq8xQo_hd427lMsQQZw?select=mFz_yas6nZ2eyApYuZBCzA#mFz_yas6nZ2eyApYuZBCzA  The toasted multi-grain bread had great crunch factor.  :))  The "Friggin' chicken" sandwich was very good, as well.  Very spicy due to the jalapenos, but the sweetness of the mango chutney, together with the cheese, helped cut the spice down.  Really, really liked the bun!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/o9ncq8xQo_hd427lMsQQZw?select=ixW9ez-QJfjgcqqM0bDeIQ#ixW9ez-QJfjgcqqM0bDeIQ  However, the a la carte pricing was a bit too steep.  However, knowing everything is local and sometimes organic kind of helps...While the grocery/wine bar is closing, the Wednesday night and Saturday morning markets will still go on.  Tonight's crowd outdoors was a bit saddening, though.  Perhaps the sudden thunder and lightning storm that just dissipated a few minutes before I parked had something to do with the lack of activity, but it almost seemed like those present were there for a funeral...---Added 5/11/12:Since I've tried and loved goats' milk ice cream and cheese, I decided to take a chance and purchased two Black Mesa Ranch (Snowflake, AZ; 928-536-7759) products, Goats Milk Caramel Fudge Sauce and Goats Milk Caramel Sauce, at $9.50 a piece (minus 25% closing-shop discount).  I may use these items as dips and ice cream toppings, and however else they may inspire me!  ;)  I'm having some of the caramel sauce with banana as part of my breakfast (whole wheat pan de sal, a slice of Breadsmith sesame seed-encrusted rustic Italian bread, organic banana, Maranatha organic crunchy and roasted almond butter, and organic coffee!), and I had to take this time to write about how wonderfully delicious it is.  I first notice the exquisite caramel flavor and the buttery-silk texture, and the scent of goats' milk is in the background.  I'd say that, unless you truly abhor the taste/scent of goats' milk, novices and lovers of goats' milk products will enjoy this caramel offering!  I've yet to try the caramel fudge sauce, but as soon as I do, I will definitely add to this review.
3	i hope the replacement  becomes a real grocery store with competitively-priced items. i will miss their yummy sandwiches and salads!
5	The farmer in down town, hi ho the derry-o, the farmer in down town.Every Wednesday evening and Saturday morning downtown Phoenix gets it's very own local marketplace with displays from some of Phoenix best food vendors, farmers, local artists and crafters, and food trucks. You likely won't find a dog taking a cat or a cat taking a mouse, but you can grab your groceries. From items like eggs, fresh produce, dairy, grass fed beef, fruits, and nuts. Hopefully you can take the cheese before the mouse does.Stop by one of the many food  and truck vendors for one of the best German chocolate cakes you'll have this side of Germany, coffees and teas, locally canned and pickled veggies, home made pastas, and home grown cheeses. If your hungry order yourself a taco, quesadilla, gourmet hot dog, fruit smoothie, salad, or lumpia.Don't forget to grab your bar of soap, bottle of lotion, local jewelry, hat, or scarf. If you forgot your purse, don't worry they have those here too; they're hand knit. Check out the glass art and bronze creations on your way out and you'll have spent a good 1 - 2 hours in local heaven.Don't be like the cheese and end up standing alone. Bring your family and bring your friends, there's usually some sort of entertainment going on from one of the many musicians on their way through Phoenix providing quality listening.Happy yelping! Who knows, you may just find me eating at one of the numerous venders here or buying a loaf of my favorite home baked blueberry bread.
3	A bit limited in selections for my taste!! It's a nice small market overall. I love that Short Leash dogs was there!! THEIR AMAZING!! OH SOOOO DELICIOUS, AND THAT'S COMING FROM A PERSON THAT USUALLY DOESN'T EAT HOT DOGS. Natural plants for sale, fresh produce and great hibiscus tea!!
5	The outdoor market remains open on weds evenings 4 to 8 pm and Saturday mornings 8 am till noon.  Even though the shop had closed, you can still buy many of your favorite items directly from vendors on Wednesdays and Saturdays.  Go to their website and sign up for their mailing list, they will email you a list of the vendors attending each market so you can plan in advance what to buy.
3	This was our first visit to this market.  There is a wide variety of vendors.  A few selling produce, a few selling finished foods (tamales, jerky, etc), and some crafts.I'm told they have more produce during winter.  I look forward to trying it again at that time.  Living in Gilbert it wasn't really worth the drive compared to the market in Gilbert.  It's a nice market, and we'll try again this winter.
4	Cute country feel, open air market with local grown foods, food trucks, crafts and household products.  The market is open Saturdays 8am to 12noon.  Walking in there are people doing some type of market research, asking to partake in a short survey, we managed to slip through these people both going in and out.  What a relief. One of the first vendors was leather goods, all hand tooled and looked great.  prices seemed reasonable. As soon as we began walking the isles, we noticed a lot of booths that were deemed organic including a chocolate one.Many of the patrons were out and about with dogs, and there were some interesting food trucks with covered seating.  Overall, a really great market.
5	Hello everyone,I've been a vendor at this market for 10 months-now and I want to personally say that ALL the vendors are fun, kind and caring people. I enjoy my Saturday mornings more than ever now that I have an opportunity to feature some of my very own plant, floral and other handcrafted items. I have been in business for almost 27 years now and the Phoenix Public Market is another out let for me to express some of my creativity. The food and freshness is great and you can walk away with a fun conversation item....what is it you ask? SUCCULENTS and "psychedelic succulents" at that. Follow your way to the happy face sign and you will see a huge assortment of hand crafted succulent gardens and singlets that are very easy on your wallet for sure. You see for me it's about community. You can see some unusual creations that are centered in wax vessels and other hand painted glass that all contain the funnest plants on the planet! Join me every Saturday from 8-noon and sometimes on Wednesdays. Always great gifts for any occasion. Say hi and YELP!My web sites are:www.lasflores.bizwww.twitter.com/Las_Flores
5	What a pleasant suprise. Just randomly stopped by on a bored saturday ... as soon as we walked in, we told them it was our first visit and we were given a fabulous wine sampling of az wines. So good left with two great bottles after eating fantastic blt sammy.
3	Aaron Chamberlin of St Francis fame stepped up and redid the Market a few months ago. Some opening pains but it's now working pretty well.Cartel coffee - great choice. Food gets better every time I go.A good and generous neighbor to the twice-weekly Farmer's Market and thrice-weekly food truck gathering, sometimes on his restaurant parking lot.Kudos.
