5	Let me start by saying Amazing!!   The staff is so helpful and I love the variety on the menu.  I asked if they could accommodate my gluten free intolerance.  Immediately they said yes.  I decided to chose a sandwich with  the gluten free bread to go.  They packaged everything to go in a nice bag and even gave me some samples of their desserts to try.    At first when I opened the contained It looked like just a nice roast beef sandwich.  But let me tell you.  When I bit into it the sandwich was full of true flavors of Pho.   Definitely worth trying.  I can't wait to try more of the food on their menu next time I'm in the neighborhood.
5	This place just opened and I must say... The food was delicious! I went with a few friends and we ordered a bunch of stuff to try. The faves were the pho dip, the Thai clam chowder and the Szechuan shrimp po boy.  They also had amazing sides such as the dragon breath fries and the house made furikake chips! I am definitely gonna be a regular here.
5	I stopped in for dinner with my wife, found out they had just opened, and were prepping for their grand opening on Sunday. The service was exceptional and personal, they were very interested in feedback on their new menu items (which was all of it). We had a thai style clam chowder, the Pho sandwich, and Chicken Katsu. Everything was just AMAZING, These guys have mastered an incredible balance of flavor, spice and freshness that I haven't experienced in many places. We left with a sampling of free pastries that were also excellent. I can't recommend this place enough, I'll definitely be back!
4	New hot spot alert! Buddha Belly Deli! You're gonna find sandwiches like Pho Dip and Chicken Katsu Club here!  Sandwiches, flatbreads, salads, and sweets with an Asian Fusion twist! This place is still in the early stages of their soft opening but they are open for business and ready serve up some good eats. I was super stoked when I was reading the temporary menu laid out on the counter.  Love that they have gluten free and some vegan choices like housemade Taro and Potato Chips with Furikake seasoning.I ordered 9th Island Potato salad as my side to go with the Char Siu Pork Roll. I also got to try a basket of Taro and Potato chips.  My sandwich looked so pretty and was pretty dang good too! It had marinated pork shoulder and these kimchee pickle slices. .the Hawaiian roll was made inhouse. The chips were super thinly sliced. The potato in the potato salad was cooked to perfection, not too crunchy or mushy. Love the medley of Asian seasonings and spices used in all the dishes.  Staff is really cool and friendly. It's Chef Clint and Mark I bugged that day. They are two of the 3 owners I met. Both are the creative geniuses behind the Ono (Yummy, Good) eats! Judging from Thai Tea and 5 spiced Carrot cupcakes I tasted, Mark is a bakery whiz too! Oh wow, someone is going to gain a Buddha belly here for sure. This visit was into their second day of soft opening so they still are in the process of setting up. The sign on the storefront is up but storefront tinted windows are still bare and give no indication that there is a cool place residing there. The previous place was East Coast Eats..right in the strip mall where Kohls is.  They did a good job with the reno so far. Not much to more to comment on yet till after a few more visits. Grand opening is next weekend I believe. 4.995 for now!  I know I'll be back before then and update this review soon. So excited! And you will be too!
5	Unique and tasty food! Love, love, love the chicken katsu cobb salad. Great location, right off the highway. Fun and friendly staff!
5	i brought my employees to eat here, to be honest didnt know what kind of food they have, i just love the name.. chill atmosphmere, met all 3 owners they are awesome too.. we ordered japanese curry fries, shrimp po boy, pho dip, and the sloppy joe!!! the food was seasoned great then the owner brought us ginger cupcakes, we destroyed them and didnt bring them back for my employees!!!
5	If there were more stars to give I totally would!! I've heard about BBD from a co-worker like daily and the reviews were raving so I had to see what all this was about!  The staff alone was enough to get a 5-star rating outta me. They were so super friendly and prepared to do anything to make sure a happy customer walked out of their doors. I was immediately greeted when I came in, I believe his name was Don(extremely nice guy), and he told me about which sandwiches had already seemed to be the signature sandwiches. I went with the Pho Dip Sandwich with the House Chips and a Thai Iced Tea. There were also 3 slices of the Kimchee Pickles and let me tell you I could have bought a jar of those to eat alone! There was nothing lacking in the flavor department whatsoever, everything just married so well together there was nothing you couldn't love. I told them I had heard good things abouty BBD and was DEFINITELY going to keep it going! As a thank you they brought me a complimentary green tea iced brownie that was just as yummy as everything else.I definitely plan to become a regular and utilize my punch card and many others in the future! You would be CRAZY to come here and leave anything on your plate. I don't know about yours but they've got one happy belly here!
5	New favoite lunch spot! I used to eat capriotti's everyday for lunch cause I'm a huge sandwich fan. Growing up in philly all we eat is sandwiches from cheesesteaks to hoagies to roast pork with Broccoli rabe. We even eat sandwiches for breakfast (scrapple egg and cheese). Since moving to vegas I've  struggled to find great food to fill the void of missing home and Wawa. I'm now adding this place to a very short list of place that server amazing sandwiches. In addition to their sandwiches the fires and flat breads are amazing as well. I will to be going back again and again. This place is a must try for philly natives or anyone who's never had a great sandwhich. The sandwhich rolls they use are fantastic, fresh, and crisp. Any one from philly will tell you a good sandwich starts with great bread. In summary this place is a game changer.
5	It's fun to say, isn't it? Go ahead, it just rolls off the tongue... Buddha Belly Deli. Anyway this deli is serving up Asian fusion in the best way. This gem celebrates its grand opening this weekend. They've got a good thing going. I'm excited to return and try more of the menu. Pho Dip, where have you been all my life? Tender sirloin is shaved thin and piled high on a fresh baguette, it is slathered with Chinese mustard and topped with pickled bean sprouts, onion, cilantro and jalapeno slices ($9). The sandwich is tasty on its own, but the magic really happens when you dip it into the pho au jus. Next time, I'll request extra jalapeno just to kick it up a notch. I like my pho spicy! The housemade furikake chips and kimchee pickles were mighty tasty too. They are they extra special something to accompany every sandwich. Their Green Tea ($2.50) is freshly brewed and very refreshing. They also surprised me with a yummy green tea brownie. It was moist and not overly sweet, which makes it the perfect treat. Well done, Buddha Belly Deli! Welcome to the neighborhood.
5	This is the deli I haven't been able to find in Vegas. The food is outstanding. I'll definitely be frequenting this spot.
5	Great first experience here with my family. I had the Pho Dip, Katsu Chicken Sandwich, and Shortrib fries. They were all delicious, and we were even given samples of their pumpkin cake to try. I know they just opened recently so they have some small details to work out, but I think it's a great start to a new business.
5	Can I just say how amazing these guys are? When I went in, I didn't even realize it was just their soft opening until this weekend. They had the best customer service, and each person working came up to us to see how we were doing. It was all smiles! Very welcoming crew. We tried a few things on the menu, and everything was delicious. My fave was the pho dip. I mean, whoa...creative! Super fkn good too! Their homemade chips were the best chips I've had as well! Those smothered fries were pretty great. I don't know why, but an egg on some fries is always good. Also had the pork roll sandwich and the ginger scallion flat bread. Got a taste of them, and I swear they were on their "A" game. After we licked our plates clean, they brought us some green tea cream covered brownies. Dude... Yes. They're gonna kill it once everyone else hears about them. I'm telling my buds, stat! Only thing I was upset about.... was that its in Henderson. Too far! Or else I'd come by every week. Lol.
5	Great new place right off of the 215. They make everything in house and do an awesome job. The food is made with love and there is a nice variety. We had the soup of the day, which was a thai coconut curry clam chowder which was nice and brothy and was not all thick. The pho dip was really tasty with thinly shaved rare roast beef and pho broth that takes 8 hours to make. The bbq pork sandwich was on a sweet roll with delicious pickled carrot and daikon. The potato chips and pickles were also a nice touch on the side with both sandwiches. There was also a nice assortment of desserts along with a variety of Hawaiian and various Asian canned and bottled beverages. The portions will fill you up for sure. Great addition to the neighborhood.
5	I'm not much of an Asian foodie but came to check out this new little place. Since pizza is not very Asian I went for that and I must say I was pleasantly surprised as it was so tasty and delightful!  And a girl gotta have her desert so I chose the 5 Spice Carrot cake...OMG it was amazing!! The staff was the best part so helpful and a joy to be around, really enjoyed my time at BBD!
5	Wow... This place is so good!  I have never written a review before but felt I had to after my experience here!  I just had the Pho Dip Sandwich which was amazing.  The broth smelled and tasted just like pho and once you dip the sandwich in it your taste buds scream for more.  Oh and did I mention the chips, kimchi pickles, and green tea cookies... Yum!  It's a definite must try,  not only is the food amazing but everyone behind the counter was very friendly and helpful.  I know I will be back for more because I want to try it all!
5	Pho sandwich and homemade chips were delicious! Very original menu. Good mix of asian and american flavors. Look forward to coming back.
5	Had the pho dip and it was delicious.  Also tried the flat pork sandwich which had lots of flavors and textures going on.   The chips are the best dam thing ever!
5	YES, YES, YES. Buddha Belly is so good I'm not embarrassed to say I ate here twice today. I highly recommend the Pho Dip, Szechuan Shrimp Po-Boy and the Dragon Breath Fries aka everything I ate. However, I'm confident everything else on their menu is just as great :) The furikake potato chips that came with the sandwiches=perfect! Minor detail, but I really appreciate the brown cardboard take out boxes and paper bags. Taking out food never tastes as good as eating in, especially when it comes in a styrofoam box and plastic bag. Love that you guys use the cardboard boxes! Also, thanks for the pumpkin cupcake you included in my bag! Shout out to Kristin who was AMAZING. She came over to check on us multiple times, personally introduced herself and genuinely cared about the restaurant. I'm not quite sure if it's a good or bad thing that this restaurant is so close to my house.... ;)
4	Delicious!  After seeing Shirley B. check in here 4 times in 3 days I knew I had to check it out.  Went with Hubby after work and first off the whole menu looks amazing.  Makes it hard to decide what to get.  We decided on the Thai Clam Chowder, Pho Dip, Szechuan Shrimp Po-Boy, Smothered Sloppy Joe Fries and Thai Iced Tea.  We originally ordered the Japanese Curry Fries but after we ordered and sat down we were told they were out of the curry and offered Sloppy Joe fries instead.  I didn't really want them so said we would just go with the garlic fries.  I thought he then offered red curry fries, which I got, but turns out the Sloppy Joe Fries have red curry in them.  So I ended up getting the Sloppy Joe Fries after all.  OMG they were so good!  For something I thought I didn't want, they ended up being my favorite part of the meal.  Only thing I would change would be to serve on regular plate, it was in a plastic basket on paper that got soggy and then tore and got in the food when we ate the fries.  Didn't stop us from eating them all though.  Everything we ordered was outstanding.  I could eat a vat of the clam chowder it was that good.  Clam Chowder is my favorite soup and the Thai flavors just send it over the moon.  Both sandwiches were delicious and we loved the homemade chips.  They brought out Green Tea Brownies before we left and they were moist and decadent.  I was impressed.  Sometimes you go to a place and sandwiches are great but the desserts are rubbish.  Not here.  They do everything at a high level.   The service was excellent.  Everyone was so friendly and genuine.  I think at least 4 different people checked on us, introduced themselves. asked how we heard about them, talked to us about the menu and how they worked on it.  What a great group of people.  I can't wait to come back and work my way through the menu.
5	Are you ready to have your taste buds delighted by a combination of Asian Fusion foods created by 3 amazing chefs? Read all the other reviews and just GO to Buddha Belly Deli and enjoy!
5	the food and the service was great. it is highly recommended. on the other hand yelp is not recommended. they only count the good yelps.if you dont include pictures and yelp hundreds of times you are not considered much. so yelp needs to improve their rating systems or someone needs to come up with a better system.no stars for yelp they suck
5	Henderson has been blessed by the Buddha.After hearing heaping praise from Shirley, Nate, and other Yelpers, I quickly elevated Buddha Belly Deli to the top of my to-try list. I convinced a friend to join me for some fun at lunch today. I found it in the exact location of the dearly departed East Coast Eats, a sandwich shop that wasn't all that impressive. Upon walking in, I saw that they had redone the walls in red and adorned the tables with Lucky Buddha beer bottles, now containing lucky bamboo with water.Perhaps it was destined that I should run into Shirley herself, who broke news of this new establishment merely weeks ago. We had separate meals, but she offered me a sample of the chicken katsu from her salad afterward. The katsu has a crunchy and surprisingly thin breading around tender, seasoned chicken meat. I will definitely give a chicken katsu item a try, although I'd probably lean toward the Chicken Katsu Club instead of the salad.My first actual order was the soup of the day ($3.50), which is still the Thai Clam Chowder. The chef described it as a mixture of clam chowder and tom kha, a Thai coconut soup, and that explanation was right on the money. It was a perfect marriage of potatoes and plenty of clam with the herbs and spices and coconut milk broth of tom kha. The large, flat crouton was a solid accompaniment. It was a little bit spicy, but nothing even my heat-sensitive taste buds couldn't tolerateFor an entree, I chose the Pho Dip sandwich ($9.00), which comes with a side of Kimchee pickles and a side. I chose the House Made Chips instead of the Asian Slaw. The chips are thin, light, crispy, and not too greasy. Perhaps they're just a bit light on salt, but better to err on the safe side. The pickle slices are actually not very sour at all, but more sweet. They don't exactly fit in the pho flavor profile though.The Pho Dip itself was almost surprisingly impressive. I took a bite first of only the sandwich. It had tender rare beef with the very recognizable flavor profile of pho spice and all the usual greens. The pho "au jus" is pretty much a solid pho broth, also flavored as you would expect, and it definitely completes the pho experience when you dip the sandwich in it. The bread managed to stay out of the way of the important flavors. It would have been wonderful to have more of the traditional pho sides (especially the basil), but I think this sandwich is a well-executed and novel concept.I also had part of an Asian BBQ Flatbread ($10.00). It was char siu pork and Chinese lap cheong sausage in a sea of mozzarella above a charred-not-burnt thin crust (still disappointed in you, Settebello). I was surprised that they use a hoisin BBQ sauce, but they balanced it well. Unfortunately, the sauce and sausage combined to drown out the char siu pork. I thought the jalapeno and cilantro adornments were fine, although my friend would have liked to see green onion instead. The pickles and chips both actually pair better with this flatbread than with my sandwich, the chips especially playing well against the overall sweet tone of the flatbread. Overall, this is a solid dish that you might consider if you're a fan of BBQ chicken pizza, and it's shareable if you wanna go that route.I decided that my meal would not be complete without a dessert, and I had my eye on the much-loved Pumpkin Crunch ($2.00). It reminds me of a coffee cake, but with pumpkin flavor, a chocolate drizzle, and chopped walnuts. I think that there's actually three layers to this treat: a pumpkin pie-esque bottom, a cake in the middle, and a crumbly top. It was a very happy conclusion to the meal, and it just tipped the balance in favor of an immediate five-star review.I thought that the price points were mostly solid, although the soup bowl seems a little small for its price. My friend was utterly disappointed at first to see that her Thai tea was stuffed to the gills with ice, but we later learned that they offer free refills on this drink. Speaking of which, it felt like all of the owners stopped by at one point to ask if we were enjoying the meal, which is quite nice for an order-then-sit place.I am very happy that we now have this great Asian fusion deli to add to the growing collection of Henderson food spots. I will certainly be back here soon to explore more of the menu. I won't be ready to make comparisons to other places until then (and this spot is rather unique anyway), but I think it's certainly worth a try if you enjoy any food at all.
5	Ok I have taken my time to write this review because, at first I was hooked on the kitchen sink gumbo, the best fusion gumbo I have ever had after about 5-6 time I ventured away from it and tried the char siu pork roll sandwich I was ready to do my review but wait forgot I also got the spam " 9th island potato salad " I love spam.But you know the old saying save the best for last so today I got the "pho dip" and let me tell you the best dip I have ever had.So let me talk about the vibe here it's so hip, come take a look. It's in the Kohl's shopping center in the same building as The Mirror Mirror Salon and my dry cleaners. 215 and Valle verde
5	My first five star place in Henderson! This is kind of a big deal. Being a brand new local, one of the ways I judge a place is the amount of delicious foodie places in the area. Buddha Belly Deli (try saying that 10 times fast) is a nice breath of fresh air that I really needed over in Henderson!So what is Buddha Belly? Casual Asian fusion cafe. What does that really mean though? Heck, I don't even know. But thanks to Yelp, I stumbled upon this place and decided to try it out with some classmates. It's in a quaint shopping plaza off the 215 on Valle Verde and there is ample parking.The inside of the restaurant seems very clean and the staff were attentive and even came around to ask how everything was or if we needed anything else. But I digress from the meat of the message. The food here was pretty great! After reading some reviews I knew I needed to try the Pho Dip. It was a baguette with sirloin, bean sprouts, cilantro, onions, etc. Basically pho on a baguette. The dip was a nice and refreshing pho broth. The sandwich is served cold, which caught me off guard but it was good. Very subtle flavors in my opinion and a fun meal. We also tried the smothered Japanese curry fries with a fried egg on top. A little pricey for the small portions but it was tasty!Overall, I'm super stoked this joint opened up and I will definitely be back very soon. They just opened a few weeks ago so it wasn't too bust during lunch time. But I'm hoping business and word picks up soon!
4	Buddha Belly is such a promising place with Hawaiian/Asian influences. I recently went for dinner during the middle of the week for dinner as I've heard only great things about it and while they were sadly out of baguettes to make their po boy and banh mi among other things it still didn't stop me from giving the rest of their menu a try. I was able to try their version of the po boy but as a wrap which was juicy and had a good amount of spice. For sides I tried their dragon fries potato salad and their house made chips which I enjoyed. One minor hitch was their 9th Island pizza which for $10 was kinda skimpy on the toppings. Throughout the entire meal the owners were great in coming over, even coming by and hooking it up with a pumpkin crunch dessert! I'll definitely be back for sure!
5	Yummy in my tummy! We tried the Kitchen Sink Gumbo and the Pho Dip.  So---sooo soo very very good! The gumbo had such great flavor with chunks of spam, oxtail and a nice helping of rice (Jasmine I believe).  Super hearty and great for a cool fall day.  This was listed as a starter on their menu but could easily be your entire lunch.  The flavors were amazing.The pho dip was beautiful, as well.  The sandwiche was tasty rare beef like a traditional French dip but they added bean sprouts, red onions and surrounded it with a nice baguette.  The dip is a pho broth and the side chips with taro sprinkled with the house made furikake were divine. The service was awesome, too.  You can tell these guys have a lot of heart about making great food.  The owners/staff were making the rounds and asking about how we enjoyed everything.Go here!! Support great local food! I mean really great..fantastic food!
5	Great new place.   My wife and I tried the Pho Dip and the Shrimp Po Boy.   I couldn't decide which I liked better.  Both were tasty.  Their sandwiches come with sides also.   We got the Asian slaw and their homemade furikake chips.   Both were excellent.   We look forward to trying their other items in the future.
5	This place is my new favorite. Tried the pho dip sandwich , pulled pork sandwich,  Dragon breath fries and their chips and potato salad. Everything is sooo tasty. Will be back very soon.
5	Another amazing find thanks to my Yelp friends! Shirley B had been posting pictures of their food and I couldn't resist. Buddha Belly is situated in a small strip mall by the Kohl's. The staff was beyond friendly and I love that it's family owned. The decor isn't much, but that doesn't matter when the food is this good. The menu is not super big, but everything sounds good. Joel ordered the Char Siu Pork Roll sandwich and I had the Cobb Katsu salad. It did take a while for our food to come out, but when it did it was sooooo worth the wait. My salad was huge and tasty. The chicken Katsu was crisp and moist. I loved the salad underneath was crunchie red and green cabbage, carrots, bacon, cucumber, and tomatoes. It was topped with a tangy mustard dressing. Everything in my salad complimented each other. Joel's Char Siu Pork Roll was super messy, but omg was it awesome! It hadmarinated pork, carrot-daikon-jalapeno pickles, an asian slaw, and hoisin BBQ sauce. What a perfect marriage of ingredients! It also came with homemade chips. When we were done one of the chefs brought us a oatmeal crumble dessert bar. It was super tasty and not to sugary. What a great treat! I just can't wait to come back to Buddha Belly! I want to try ALL the things on the menu. Make sure you check them out for your next lunch or dinner!! Thanks Shirley for posting all those yummy pictures! Can't go wrong with this spot.
5	We drove to the East side to check this new Deli out.  We ordered the Char Sui Pork Roll, Pho Dip, 9th Island potato salad, chips, and iced tea.  Both of the sandwiches were great and we agreed that we would order them again.  The potato salad is okay but would be better if you could order it without the Spam Chunks.  I know people love Spam...it's just not my thing.  I didn't care for the iced tea so I wouldn't order that again.  Very clean and friendly.
5	Seeing the pictures and reviews for Buddha Belly Deli, I admit I was expecting a pretty damn good meal -- and honestly it exceeded my expectations. Holy crap those sandwiches were good. My friend and I decided to go with the Char Siu Pork Roll and the Sloppy Joe, as well as some Dragon Fries.The Dragon Fries themselves were really tasty - garlic fries with a little kick cooked just right. But what made it really awesome was I asked for some extra spice and they tossed our Dragon Fries in Ghost Chili sauce! The Burn! ... Actually it wasn't as spicy as I would've thought - but they brought us the bottles of their homemade Ghost Chili sauce as well as their Thai Pepper sauce, which we used generously. So we put more heat on our sandwiches and our fries - but surprisingly the sauces weren't just spicy, they were absolutely delicious too! I used quite a bit of the Thai Pepper sauce which went really well in the sandwiches.Admittedly, the Char Siu Pork Roll as better than the Sloppy Joe - The Sloppy Joe just lacked a bit of brightness in the sandwich because the short rib was so heavy. There were pickles and slaw, but it probably needed something other than Red Curry as a sauce - at least for me. However, we gobbled up both sandwiches as they were still very tasty. Oh and they had great buns!...  The only thing I could criticize was the chips were a little too oily - it kind of ends up being a lot of oil on the plate with the rich sandwiches and chips.The guys running the restaurant were so accommodating and clearly cared about how the food tastes - they're new so it'll be interesting to see how they keep up on that. If I lived closer, I'd probably eat here three or four times a week, but even still I do want to go back soon.
5	BUDDHA BELLAY DELLAY! Now say it over and over again as fast as you can! I don't know how many times I've repeated that phrase over and over again. I laugh while my friend wanted to strangle me to death. (: YOU SHOULD TRY IT. It's fun!Now back to the important stuffs. The name is amazing and the reviews are equally as powerful therefore, I needed to try it. I'll admit that the pictures didn't really appeal to me and the pictures also don't do much justice.I guess I wasn't really expecting much despite the good reviews. When I read the menu and read each description...nothing awfully jumps out at me. So in the end, I just decided to go with the char sui pork roll, which was marinated pork shoulder with pickled veggies and hoisin sauce on a sweet roll. We also got their dragon breath fries as well. I like spicy things so my friend requested for them to make the fries spicy... and what did the awesome workers at BUDDHA BELLAY DELLAY suggested? To use their house made ghost chili sauce with the fries. And guess what?! WE GOT OURSELVES A DEAL. And they were good! They weren't as spicy as I thought they would be but they actually gave us more sauce to put on it if we wanted it even spicier. Eesh .. that sauce is GOOD. I really do enjoy the taste of ghost chili. Now, the sandwich. OH THE SANDWICH. One bite and I fell in loooooooooooooove. I was not expecting their marinated pork to be so good. It was thinly sliced but it was soft and tender. To be honest, I was expecting the usual American styled char sui ... hard, dry, and ... so on and so forth. Noooooope, theirs is nothing like that. However, as you're eating it, it will get messy. Now I definitely want to try their other sandwiches and see what other surprises they can give me. The service was fantastic as well. They would sometimes come check up on us and even offered us a different type of spicy sauce, which was also very good. It went good with the sandwich too! But honestly, the sandwich itself was good enough. Char sui does  not need no spicy sauce!!!I think the only thing I didn't really care for were their house made chips. I'm a chip fiend. I LOVE potato chips and I could just munch on Lays FOREVER. But theirs? It just didn't ... appeal to me at all. The flavor wasn't exactly there ...I WILL BE BACK.
5	Im gonna keep this review really brief: Everyone so far has done a really good and detailed job at reviewing BBD and I concur, the place has some tasty food. I've tried most of their food in the three visits in one week i've gone  and there was absolutely nothing I didn't like. I will say that my favorite item does not get as much attention as other items on the menu in the reviews so let me just say their Gumbo rocks!!Oh yeah, and the Bulletproof Monk Coffee is no joke!
4	Yes, I'm jumping on the Buddha Belly Deli train...the folks that thought up this sandwich knew what they were doing.  The sandwich by itself was just a roast beef sandwich, the broth by itself tasted like a pho beef broth with no flavor..but together, magic happens!  Not sure if it was the pickled bean sprouts or the slight saltiness of the rare roast beef or the hint of horseradish and fresh jalapenos..but dipped in the broth, the sandwich was melt in your mouth good.BUT, that's not even the best thing (in my opinion) on the menu!  The sloppy joe (actually a pulled pork sandwich) on a brioche bun was better tasting than the pho dip!  And their house made furikake chips were so good with their house made hot sauces I ate all my chips AND my boyfriend's!  I mixed all three of their hot sauces together and used the chips to dip it like it was salsa! It was THAT freaking good!I second another Yelpers comment about their Kitchen Sink Gumbo..it was so good, my BF said it was worth more than the $4 we paid for it.  It had bits of spam, chinese sausage and fried chicken skin (YUM) and more..add a little bit of the ghost chili hot sauce and it was a MUST get again item!We will definitely be back again!!
5	This place is great! The Kitchen Sink Gumbo was fit for king. First bite was  an orgasmic explosion in my mouth from the bold flavors. The green tea white chocolate chip was divine and irresistible and it is perfect with coffee to end an awesome meal.  Other items ordered were Thai clam chowder, Char Siu Pork Roll, Sloppy Joe Fries, and Short Rib Red Curry Flatbread and it was delicious, I enjoyed everything. There was a hiccup in my order but it was resolved immediately. Customer service was on point and awesome friendly staff.  I'm looking forward to going back.
5	Yum Yum Yum! This place was a pleasant surprise and absolutely lived up to the high reviews on yelp. The sevice was wonderful. The cashier was very helpful. Every item on the menu sounded delicious. We settled on Freshly Brewed Black Plum Ice Tea, 9th Island Pizza, and the Pho Dip. The tea was very refreshing and had an authentic plum flavor. The pizza was spicy and savory and the cheese was sinfully melty. My Pho Dip was fantastic. All of the traditional flavors of Pho in a sandwich. The bread was perfected toasted and crusty and the beef was incredibly favorful. I was in sandwich heaven. The homemade chips had this delectable seasoning made from seaweed, sugar, salt, a few other things. They were a great pair to the sandwich and equally yummy. The pickles were also spicy and a welcome vinegary addition. Everything on my plate was fantastic... I would have eaten the toothpicks if the were edible haha.We will back to try other menu items and repeat our favorites.
5	This place is a gem!! Soooo delicious!! We started with the Thai clam chowder. It had all of those Thai flavors you love with clam and bacon. My husband had the Katsu sandwich it was so crispy and flavorful. I had the shrimp po boy it had amazing flavor and crispy shrimp. I would definitely order it again! You must try this place!
5	Walking in we immediately got a warm welcome. The menu is simple but amazing. The chicken katsu club was orgasmically delicious, there really is no other way to describe it. The combination of flavors are indescribable. Also the Thai chili made the club that much better. The customer service was very refreshing. Everybody made sure to check up with us throughout our meal. You truly feel like you are at home. 5 stars all around !!!!!!
5	My wife was in Vegas for a work trip and stopped by BBD on her way to the airport. She had the Thai clam chowder which came with crostini, the pho dip which came with BBD's homemade chips and pickled cucumbers (like oi kimchi), and ice green tea, brewed on site. She said the Thai clam chowder was amazing - rich flavors and creamy from the coconut milk but not heavy like New England clam chowder, and just the right amount of spicey. The crostini was a great compliment to the chowder - crunchy and savory but not overpowering. The pho dip was also delicious - she ate the whole plate even though she was full. The homemade chips were seasoned with furikake and the pickles had some Korean kochukaru (red pepper flakes) on them. Both great touches. She even brought back a second pho dip for me to try - the sandwich held up great despite the flight and multiple cab rides, and really only served to make me want to go and have it fresh myself. It is rare to find fusion food so skillfully woven and even more so to have it be so delicious.
5	I don't always leave a restaurant with a case of the sniffles, but when I do it's because I've just partaken in some deliciously spicy eats. BBD (as it will now be affectionately referred to, and not to be confused with the other equally tasty and spicy boy group BBD) gets it all right. I, of course, had to order the Pho Dip and the husband had the Shrimp Po Boy. Both were equally delicious. The Pho Dip had so many wonderful flavors, which on their own may not be as delicious, but together are miraculous. Especially when you add a dab of the sinfully spicy Ghost Chili (the reason behind the sniffles), these flavors just work together. The Po Boy had a good amount of shrimp in it which had not been drenched in batter, the shrimp had more so rolled around with some delicious spicy flavors. Again, all these flavors working in unison. For dessert, we opted for a 5-spice ginger cupcake, the macaroons, and a couple of green tea white chocolate cookies (I know right??). The macaroons were my favorite. You just have to trust me and try them yourself. We also ordered some of their Thai iced tea (free refills!!) which was equally delicious since it wasn't overwhelmingly sweet. This place is divine. It must be awesome to have the skills to fuse flavors together and actually make them work, to pick up empty plates night after night and know that somewhere, someone is still dreaming of your food and planning their next order. Next time (and yes, there will be a next time) I am giving their flatbreads and fries a taste and I hope that once again, they send me out with a case of the sniffles. See you soon BBD!
5	First visit to this place and it was off the hook.  Now the clarification.  We ordered food to go, the Thai Clam Chowder, the Dragon Fries, a Chicken sandwich and two Pho Dip sandwiches.  The food is SPICY there is no doubt about that.  The fries were AWESOME, spicy, garlicky, everything they said they would be ...YES I love spicy food.  The Pho Dip's were AMAZING.  I love French Dip Sandwiches but this one with the twist they put on it was a really amazing sandwich and to me beats any French Dip you will find in this town.The chicken sandwich was good I am told but the chicken did have the fatty part of the skin on it which was a turn off for the person eating it.  The claim chowder with the Thai twist I am told was very spicy as well and they were not able to eat it because of the spice level but said the soup itself did have a good taste if not for the spice.Some can hang and some cannot.  I will visit this place again as there are other items on the menu I would like to try.   This is a place if you like spice, you should definitely try.  If you don't like spice, stop and talk to the guys there and see if they can take it down a notch although in my opinion that would defeat the purpose of their food but overall it was amazing and I will be back.
5	Ditto to what all the Yelpers said. Henderson has been blessed by the Buddha. This is the "Tao" of what a successful local eatery should be.5 stars well deserved when everything that is ordered is AMAZEBALLS! The menu offers enough to have variety but not too much to overwhelm.I've finally found a restaurant that caters to people who like it really hot. They have GHOST PEPPER (one of the hottest chilis on earth) and the Green Monster (crushed Thai green chilis) condiments on the table to up the spice factor. HOLY HEAT HEAVEN!!Dragon Breath Fries - you must get these. The best, crispiest fries with a spicy chili seasoning served with a chili ketchup. Good to share, and spicy enough to keep some grubby hands at bay :) Szechuan Shrimp Po Boy - Generous amount of good sized shrimp, fried to light crispy perfection and served with the thinnest potato chips seasoned with furikake and throw in some housemade pickles, this item is sure to satisfy that crunch monster.The others in our party ordered the Pho Dip Sandwich that is the perfect homage to traditional pho flavors with piled on tender beef brisket, the Asian Falafel wrap was a big winner with my father-in-law who never eats, but happily devoured his wrap, daughter had the Thai clam chowder which left us all wondering why these flavors have never met before.We are all looking forward to coming back to BBD soon and making it a favorite family spot.
5	Another amazing place I've gotten to try courtesy of stalking Shirley B. It was pretty funny because while my boyfriend and I were driving here we were like, "Watch Shirley be here" lol and guess who we saw here? Miss Shirley B. herself! Lmao but I definitely understand why, the hype is reaaaal!I ordered the Char Sui Pork Roll and it was everything I was craving and more. The roll was sweet and soft, the slaw on top had a nice citrus to cut the sweetness but not too overwhelming and the pork was tender and piled high! Yum! The kale potato chips were also thin, crunchy and well seasoned. Also, they're homemade pickles were amazing as well. The flavor reminded me of a Japanese cucumber salad!My boyfriend ordered the Short Rib Red Curry Flatbread and this had amazing flavor also. In his words, "it tasted like Tom Kha soup" lmao I didn't quite get that but hey maybe someone out there tasted the same thing. There was a good portion of tender short rib, the sauce had a sweet tangy heat to it and there was a lot of cheese! I didn't get a chance to try any desserts because I was pretty full but I will definitey be back. Pricing was very reasonable considering the size and quality of food they offered.
3	Ordered takeout from here last night. We had the Asian Falafel Wrap, the Chicken Katsu Club and the Dragon Breath Fries. It all was very good except the Dragon Breath Fries were soggy when we got them home. And we live just right across the street so I don't think it's a time in the box thing. I'll try again and see if it's better next time. In any event, it's better than the East Coast Eats that was in the same place before.
5	Came by tonight and ordered take-out.  I wanted to try their chicken katsu cobb salad and their house made chips.  I was going to order their clam chowder soup too, but held back after seeing how much I was going to spend on the salad. The staff there are all friendly and you can tell they have a really good rapport going on with each other.While I was waiting for my food, one of the staff members came up to me and offered a punch card - nice! And once my order was ready, he walked it up to me and informed me that they separated the katsu from the salad so not to make the lettuce wilt....what thoughtfulness.  Sadly, the lettuce still wilted - not sure if it's the take out container that is used, but the salad looked so sad when i opened up the box.  I love the colors though and how nicely everything was layered and situated in sections on top of the lettuce.  All the ingredients tasted fresh and the katsu was fried perfectly, nice crispiness on the outside and still tender and juicy on the inside. The house made chips are out of this world and oh so addicting.Thank you Chef Mark for sharing your wonderful culinary creations with us here in Henderson - I will definitely be back to try the Pho Dip Sandwich and Thai Clam Chowder. Can't wait to see what other soups get added, especially with these winter months ahead.  Maybe some fried rice creations too?? hint hint....Even with the lettuce setback from the takeout trip, the flavors and service were AMAZING...so 5 stars you get.  Great job Buddha Belly Deli!
5	When you see all your " Yelp Friends" checking into to a place quite frequently it's time to check the place. Although I never met many of these folks I value their food choice, enough to check it out. Thank You for opening my eyes to Buddha Belly Deli. - I walked into an empty place since it was between lunch and dinner. This gave me time to look over the menu and ask some questions about the food. After a tough decision I chose the Chu Siu Pork roll, with homage chips, a side of 9th Island potato salad and for desert I took home some green tea cookies and 5 spice carrot ginger cupcakes. I loved the pork som much I almost got another to take home but didn't want my belly to grow as big of the Buddha. The potato salad and chips were also good and I washed it down with some house brewed green tea, so good! The deserts were equally as excellent as my meal which I tried later that night. Can't wait to go back, so I went the next day!!-My second trip I and I still didn't know what I wanted for this menu with such great options. I selected the Szechuan Shrimp Po Boy with the Asian slaw as my side. Served on a crust baguette and loaded with shrimp, lettuce and a spicy mayo this was another prefect creation. The slaw was also good, a little heavy on the sesame oil for my own personal pallet but was delicious. I grabbed some more green tea cookies for the road and had another excellent lunch here.- staff is super friendly from the moment you walk in, they great with a welcome to Buddha Belly Deli and assist you with any questions you have  throughout your visit. I can't wait to go back as each time I have a new favorite menu item
4	I came here hungry after riding my bike about 20 miles.  I met fellow Yelper, Chris V.  I had sent him a message to let him know when I'd be there.  They were open at 11 when we arrived and we were the early birds in the shop.  I ordered a "pho dip" which the menu describes as "Chinese Five Spice Rubbed Top Sirloin, Pickled Bean Sprouts, Red Onion, Cilantro, Basil, and Chinese Mustard Served on a Baguette with a Pho Au Jus."  I also ordered a Thai iced tea and  5 spice carrot cupcake with with ginger butter cream frosting.The iced tea was very good and I was asked about a refill when I was almost finished.  That's never done without an extra charge.The sandwich was brought to the table and the gentleman asked if I wanted some of their homemade hot sauces.  I'm always game for that and he brought three of them, Thai chili, green monster, and ghost pepper.  He stated that the Thai was the mildest one followed by the green monster.  He then urged great care with the ghost pepper.  For me, the three were good, but I made my way to the ghost pepper and when it was so good, I just spooned it all over my sandwich.  The pho for dipping became an after sandwich drink for me.The carrot cupcake was then brought and it was very, very good. Service was excellent and two of the guys came at different times to the table to check on our progress and to see if we were satisfied.Chris gave me a taste of his Szechuan shrimp po-boy and that will be something to order the next time I go.  I did forget to get a frequent customer card, but that will be next time, too!  I am a fan of this place!
5	I think the Curry flatbread is tastier than the Asian BBQ flatbread. Have not had an item that I did not like. Desserts are nothing to write home about, but great food, good coffee and great service here makes this a solid pick for lunch or dinner. Don't forget you can order online, and don't forget to pick up a punch card!!
4	FINALLY made it in to try the famous pho dip sandwich and the shrimp po'boy. Heads up that this place is closed on Fridays- crossed town twice on that unlucky day before finally swinging in for lunch with my guy.The Pho Dip sandwich is the star of the menu, and for good reason: it's thick with meat, perfectly balanced with the right amount of veggies, and the genius bowl of pho au jus for dipping makes the whole thing magic. Add in the house-made furikake chips and you're set for a giant meal you won't want to share.But if you aren't flying solo, I suggest splitting the Szechuan shrimp po-boy as well: it's a great value with tons of crispy shrimp and a great spicy mayo on a fresh baguette. It's simplicity is perfect.If you're really feelin' dangerous, try the Bulletproof Monk coffee- AKA coffee blended with butter and oil for a long-lasting energy buzz and proported fat-burning benefits. It's part of the keto diet, if you're into that sort of thing. Service is friendly, menu has many other tasty-sounding items (flatbreads, salads, dragon-breath fries?!), and the simple, clean restaurant is the perfect showcase to allow their tasty food to be the star. Love the Buddha beer bamboo plants- might have to snag one next time I go in! ;)
5	Still a total five star place! I love Buddha even more because they have rockin' desserts! I'm so not a sweet person, but the Ginger Buttercream Carrot cupcake is amazing. A must try as well is their Clam Chowder! Yummy! I said it before this place melds flavors like no body else!
4	When I think of anything Buddha, old school Chinese kung fu movies seem to come to mind. For this place, it is all about Asian fusion and for any thing kung fu related would be referring to any of their spicy sauces which gives you quite a kick.Since noticing plenty of Yelp friends checking in to here, I knew I had to make that trip as well. I have already been here twice since then.Located just off the Valle Verde exit from the I-215, these guys are located in the Kohl's shopping complex. They took the place of what used to be East Coast Eats, which was not a bad joint to eat at either.My first initial visit I went with the Pork Char Siu Roll($8). It has Marinated Pork Shoulder, Carrot-Daikon-Jalapeno Pickles, Asian Slaw, and Hoisin Barbeque Sauce served on a Sweet Roll.  Comes with House Made Chips (Potato, Taro, and Furikake Seasoning) and slices of sweet tangy pickles. With all those different ingredients put together it all came together nicely flavor wise. My second visit, I brought my wife with me so we shared the Pho Dip ($9), 9th Island Potato Salad ($3), Soup of the day which was Thai Clam Chowder ($3.50), and Dragon Breath Fries ($4).The Pho Dip has Chinese Five Spice Rubbed Top Sirloin, Pickled Bean Sprouts, Red Onion, Cilantro, Basil, and Chinese Mustard served on a Baguette with Pho Au Jus. Basically, its a Pho Soup in a sandwich minus the noodles and broth but with the Au Jus as your dip. The 9th Island Potato Salad has Spam, Roasted Garlic, Potato, and Mayo. It tasted kind of bland. I was expecting just a little bit of saltiness because chopped spam were in there.The Thai Clam Chowder was good. Basically it was just clam chowder mixed in with curry and some basil leaves. I liked it for it was definitley a different twist on clam chowder.The Dragon Breath Fries are definitely rightfully named. You have french fries coated with some kind of garlic oil and you can dip them in a garlic paste/sauce type of condiment that comes with it. Very strong garlic flavors here so hopefully you are not planning on talking to anybody important up close and personal any time soon after eating this bad boy. The plus is that vampires will stay away from you for sure.Service was awesome. They check up on you from time to time.Some random info: They have water cups available with a water dispenser that is flavored with cucumbers you can visibly see floating around inside the water cooler. No fountain drinks. You can get bottled water or soda. I was told their hours are everyday from 11 am to 9 pm but some of my Yelp friends say they are closed fridays. My suggestion would be to call first before heading out there especially if you are going across town.Overall, I am a fan of their products and concept. Eventually I will try everything on their menu. Its just that they are not easily accessible from my hood.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #193 "You dont have to be a Buddhist to eat here"
4	Really impressed with this place. Awesome menu with a lot of options to choose from. Weather you're in the area on not it's worth a try. I went with the overwhelming yelp favorite the Pho Dip. Spin on your traditional French dip just done in pho with jalepeno and pickles sprouts. Awesome concept and sandwhiches. Also try the 9th Island potato salad. Side note: staff is super friendly.In the words of Schwarzenegger "I'll be back."
5	Great lunch!  Just opened and the food was excellent.   I had the Thai clam chowder and the pho dip sandwich.  The chips that came with the sandwich are retail worthy!!!  I will definitely be back.
5	We tried this place for lunch on a Sunday and it was about half full so we didn't have to wait for a table which was nice. We tried the pho dip sandwich and the char siu pork roll which were both pretty yummy. The pho dip - Chinese Five Spice Rubbed Top Sirloin, Pickled Bean Sprouts, Red Onion, Cilantro, Basil, and Chinese Mustard Served on a Baguette with a Pho Au Jus - this was really good and just what I was hoping for the meat was tender, the Baguette soft, the pho nice and hot. And with the selection of chili pastes it just brought it all together. Would Def get this again. Oh and I don't know how the slaw is because I got the house chops and they were super tasty even though they were on the saltier side. We also tried the char siu pork which was also tender and juicy without being messy with a crispiness added by the slaw.
5	Asian Fusion comfort food with a trendy twist! That's what I tell everyone! This fairly new place has come along nicely ever since I came on the 2nd day they were open 30 days ago. So here's my lil update. All the fusion going on all their menu items are no joke! Clam Chowder has a Thai spin, Sloppy Joe with red curry instead of bbq sauce. THE PHO DIP!!! Pho broth for the au ju! Pho- NOMeNAL !  Authentic Thai cooking too. It's one of those places that almost everything on the menu tastes crazy good!  I still have yet to get to try the Gumbo!I think I mentioned already a lot of menu items made from scratch. The Furikake seasoned potato and taro chips, their own sauces and hot sauces; Green Monster, Ghost Pepper, Thai Chili.. Their own breads! Are they crazy?? (umm...yes!) Hats off to them for pulling it off!The dessert case is full of some creative treats that aren't served anywhere in Hendo that I know of. Like the Five Spice Carrot Cake Cupcake w/Ginger Buttercream frosting. The most moist cupcake ..ever.  Addicted to Mochi too!! So BUTTERY! So Good! Pumpkin Crunch..ONOLICIOUS! The prices are super reasonable. Better take advantage of it because anything put out flies out like hotcakes! They got this coffee contraption in and they cold brew up some good coffee for Bullet Proof Monk Coffee now. Grassfed Butter, it's the healthy fats...just ask Don, he's the guru of coffee here.They replaced the banner with a lighted sign on their storefront. So you could see it now coming off 215/Valle Verde exit. They now offer  ---STAMP CARD ---Your frequent visits are rewarded with any sandwich, flatbread or salad on the menu on your 10th visit!  I redeemed my first filled card the other day!! So dont forget to pick up one at the register!Clint, Don, Mark and Ridge and crew are top notch and at the top of their game!  BBD should stand for Bonafide Brilliant Dudes! Great food, drinks, and dessert all offered in one place. BAM! Five stars!!
5	I loved this meal so much I already want to come back for lunch tomorrow. I really appreciate the offering gluten free options for those of us with a wheat/gluten allergy. It was hard to decide which items to get, but we settled for Thai Curry Chowder, Chicken Salad Sandwich, Dragon Fries and the Pho Dip, all on gluten free bread. The bread was thick and sturdy which held up with the huge portions of beef (Pho Dip) and ginger chicken salad in these sandwiches. The Pho was cooked a perfect medium rare, and we loved the five spice flavors with the pickled veggies. The ginger chicken salad was refreshing, loved the crunch from  the walnut, and the everything tasted fresh. The soup was delicious, especially with the hint of coconut. Perfect to eat on a colder night. The taro root and potato house made chips were divine. I could eat those chips all day long. We also got an order of Dragon Fries which were great, but watch out! Towards the bottom sits all the chili, but we loved it. I definitely recommend coming to this deli for lunch, dinner, whenever. Good quality food for a very good price,and a friendly staff to back it all up!
5	Buddha Belly Deli. . .what can I say?This is my new favorite place. I couldn't be happier. The staff there is extremely welcoming from the moment you step in. The atmosphere is relaxed and fun. Then there is the food. It is perfect. Each sandwich is carefully seasoned and put together. There is a reason for each item on the sandwich. They don't just pick things that everyone would like and serve it to you. No, each ingredient is there to compliment the other. The wife and I have already been there a couple of times and I can tell you that we absolutely love the chowder to share. My go to has become the chicken katsu sandwich and she has been ordering the short rib. You can't go wrong with any though. The best part, they have amazing desserts! How can one place be so amazing?   I don't know but go there, try everything and hang out with the guys, this place rocks.
2	Yes I'm giving them a 2 star rating, might even give them a 1 star... gets into my fighting stance ready to protect myself. Joking aside yea my whole experience was completely opposite from everyone else who loved this place. Walked into a mostly empty Buddha Belly Deli and really didn't get that welcoming feeling I was hoping from a new small business trying to sell their stuff. The guys in the back all seemed busy, probably doing kitchen stuff, they were in the back with their backs to us so I didn't expect them to greet us. There was a girl behind the front counter, got nothing really out of her. A little Hi, how are you, welcome to blah blah we blah blah, please take a seat, is this your first time here, try this try that, the usual chit chat would've been great. Customer service was very minimum. I was pretty much over it before it started and wanted nothing. First up was some dessert, eggnog mochi and pumpkin crunch http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/buddha-belly-deli-henderson?select=sI13tDKvWU7DeO-aDueAtw#sI13tDKvWU7DeO-aDueAtw Didn't care for either of them.  The mochi was different. The pumpkin crunch had too much crunch and very little pumpkin filling. No one wanted to finish them.Next was some sloppy joe smothered fries www.yelp.com/biz_photos/buddha-belly-deli-henderson?select=NZ_IYzKmyGb7rsagypkkLw#NZ_IYzKmyGb7rsagypkkLw It was fries topped with their "sloppy joe" meat mixture and a fried egg.  Again it was different, not like the sloppy joe we all grew up with. And again no one wanted to finish it.Last was the char siu pork roll http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/buddha-belly-deli-henderson?select=MuGR7Beh8K5RH9PHXNw-Xg#MuGR7Beh8K5RH9PHXNw-Xg It was marinated pork shoulder, carrot-daikon-jalapeno pickles, asian slaw, and hoisin BBQ sauce served on  a sweet roll. I liked some of char siu pork and slaw mixture but not all of it. Didn't like the soggy bread part or the hard dry bread part but enjoyed the bread parts when they were in between. It came with over seasoned chips and some tasty pickles.The prices and interior is decent. It seems like it can fit a nice amount of people.Sure I'll try it again, maybe, but not anytime soon. Nah probably not. I still have leftovers in the fridge.The positive is that I think it's next to a tanning shop.
5	This is it. This is the place that makes everything you never knew you needed in your life and goes above and beyond any expectations you may have about it. A French Dip sandwich replaced with a Banh mi mash up and Pho broth? Yes, please. Poutine fries replaced with a Japanese curry topped with an oozy, fried egg? So genius, it kind of blows my mind. Now these are the only things I tried because I was in a rush to just get some take out and run, but literally everything on the menu had me thinking these guys just snuck into my brain and took everything I loved and put them into a coherent dish. Even stuff that I didn't see on the menu before I came in looked amazing like all the sweets they make. A few I remember seeing were the 5 spice carrot cupcake or a Japanese cheesecake, but there were honestly too many to keep track of in the short amount of time I had to wait for my food. Speaking of the service. Every one there could probably be in the Top 5 friendliest people you'll ever meet. Overall, this place is too great to be right behind my house. I feel like it should be a super hip place somewhere in Portland or Denver that I might see Mr. Fieri coming into and rubbing his marvelous bleach goatee all over the owners. But for now, I'm not going to complain and just enjoy until it gets so packed I'll have to wait in a 3 hour line for some of the best cheap steals in Green Valley.
4	This was my first time here. Upon entering the deli, I was surprised to see so many causasians at the register and kitchen. I really thought it would be run by Asians. Not that it mattered, just surprising haha. The menu is really simple and you can always ask the guy at the register if you have any questions. I wasn't sure what to get, so I asked what was the most popular - the pho dip sandwich comes in first and then the char sui pork roll came in second. They also have a variety of drinks. They had thai tea, vietnamese coffee, but no boba! sad face. They also had something called dragon breath fries hahaMy boyfriend had the pho dip sandwich. It came out with potato chips and they tasted somewhat sweet. It had black and white seasoning on it and I am not sure what it was. It comes with a tiny bowl of hot pho. I am not really a fan of pho unless it's made by one of my really good friends, but this sandwich was pretty good. You get a sandwich and dip it in the pho soup. Interesting concept but good. I had the char sui pork roll. The sandwich came with thin layers of char siu pork and diakon type relish on the inside. It was pretty good, and it too, came with the potato chips with the mysterious seasoning. The last thing we got was the dragon breath fries. On the menu, it advises you that you should not get this if you're on a first date. I agree - these fries contain a shiz ton of garlic and chili peppers. They're somewhat spicy but not too bad. They also come with a kimchi ketchup concauction that is actually pretty good. You have to ask for some sauces - like ghost chili pepper and green chili pepper. I dared my boyfriend to take a spoonful of the ghost chili pepper LMAOThe only reason I am giving four stars is because of the drinks. The vietnamese coffee was really not good :X Other than this, I would come here again for the food.
3	Credit deserved for doing something different - Asian fusion comes to sandwiches and wraps! I really can't think of any other place doing what's going on here. Everything (within reason) seems to be made in-house and that's great! I didn't agree with the end results as much as I expected to but again, it's new, and likely a work in progress.The experience is unremarkable. Tables. Menu up at the counter. Quiet. Clean. Nice people behind the counter. Onto the food.- Thai soup. I can't say I remember a lot from this soup. That should be telling enough. It is served with a slice or two of toasted bread. Why? I get that it's still a "deli" but... not necessary. Also, small.- Char Siu pork roll. So, this has huge potential. A stack of char siu pork in between a rich brioche-like bun. It looks great, but falls flat. The meat is tough and not very hot. I wanted to bite into juicy, tender slices of char siu but instead, cooler, firmer, and not bad but not memorable. If you've ever had a great char siu bowl at a ramen spot - you know what I want.- Pho dip. Ever have pho and think, "I sure wish this was in between some bread." Well, wish no more! It's that same rare beef you love in your pho but on bread! Interesting, yes. Memorable, no. The pho broth is very, very light. A normal "dip" like, say, a French dip, comes with "au jus" which tends to be much more rich and flavorful. This was neither. It really is like a light bowl of pho with bread. I want more punch. More heat - temperature and spice. More Vietnam.- Dragon's breath fries. Hey, fries with an interesting sauce!- Chips that come with your meal. They are good, but so. so. so. greasy. They're basically transparent. If they came out hot on the plate, I'd understand. But they are cold and oily.Basically it all comes down to potential. There is lots of it. I know they can do better and I'm sure they will! I can see so many others love it but, for me there just wasn't enough fire, passion, or flavor in anything.
4	Sadly I live miles away from this place. If I lived closer I'd be coming here everyday exploring their menu. The service is great along with the food. The food is a clever blend of American and Asian foods (for example: Pho Dip). Sadly we forgot to tip on the way out.I have no problem with the food or service at all, but their secret menu leaves off a huge portion on what they sell. They have images of pastries on their tvs that display the menu, but its part of the secret menu. I honestly hate secret menus because most of them barely exist and its usually another word for custom orders.I dont exactly remember what I got from there, but Im pretty sure all their food and baked goods are yummy if youre into asian foods and things like dim sum or korean barbecue.Their secret menu is huuuuge and probably larger than their displayed menu. Its a bummer for me since I can only go so often.The only pastry I had was their green tea brownies which was good, but the green tea flavor was masked by chunks of chocolate chip. Which sucks because it just tasted like a brownie with chocolate chips.Pros: great food and service without the premium cost.Cons: secret menu is huge and youll constantly miss the true experience of Buddha Belly Deli.This place is worth trying out even with their displayed menu.
5	Let's keep it simple, I LOVE THIS PLACE. I have been twice, tried a variety of items, and been overly impressed each time!! Let's just say I would not expect it to stay a hidden gem with flavors like this. The word is out! The Yelpers/Hipsters/and Asians of all sorts will be here soon if they have not yet already! My first trip, I met a bunch of Yelp ladies for lunch. I tried the Thai Chowder (AMAZING), the red curry flatbread, and a few bites of Terri R.s chips. I also had a Thai ice tea, which was perfect and not overly sweet. The service was friendly, the food was unique, and overall I really enjoyed everything about this place. It wasn't until trip #2, that I actually fell in LOVE. I dined on my lunch break with a coworker. It was her idea to share some Dragon's Breath fries. Just thinking of that spicy, mouth watering flavor is making me want some as I write this review. I sat there the entire meal contemplating what spice they use on those dam fries. Red Chile? Serrano? WHAT ELSE!?!? It is served with a siracha like ketchup that really makes this a flavor overload. I also went with the Pork roll. Thich chunks of BBQ pork, Asian slaw, housemade pickles. Are you drooling yet?! This sandwich hit the spot. Add a little Bad Karma sauce for a nice kick. You get sweet, spicy, savory, and meaty all in one bite!!Now if the food hadn't already won me over, the service was so on point!! We were checked on by the cashier, the server, and even the chef came around from the back. Full of smiles, and concern for the customers. I will be a regular at this place until they kick me out! I hear they have a secret menu too. I will be picking more brains next visit.
5	This place is ridiculous. The flavors that they are putting on a plate is amazing. Katsu club hit the spot and Dragon breath fries are great. Can not wait to come back and try the Pho Dip. New fav place!
5	Love the food, the crew and location.  For the best lunch or dinner it's a must go. The chowder is amazing, the pho dip is a must have and homemade cupcakes finish the meal nicely.
4	I went to this place a few days ago.  I thought the food was really good, but it wasnt hot enough.  I got the Pho dip and the best part about pho is the hot broth.  The broth was barley warm.  my fiance got the shrimp po boy, which had great flavorm but again it wasnt warm enough.  We got the thai clam chowder, that was great and it was nice and warm.  The only thing was they served it with to go plastic spoons.  Im being really picky, but it would have been nice to have it with an asian style soup spoon.
5	This spot has one of the most creative and fun menus I've ever seen!  Can't wait to go back and try everything else.  All the food is made to order and everything, down the the sweet buns are made in house.  Fresh cupcakes had just come out as I walked in, with flavors like hot chocolate and 5 spice with pineapple frosting, it was hard to choose.  I got the Katsu sandwich - what a special cutlet!  something in that breading is seriously addictive and it was perfectly fried, Thai Clam Chowder - LOVE and what a unique soup and the Peach Cobbler Tea Latte - obsessed.  I'm hoping that will make it to the permanent menu.  My girlfriend got the chopped salad which was fresh and the dressing wasn't too heavy - very refreshing.    Lastly, the prices are pretty awesome, considering the amount of love that goes into the food and the quality ingredients they use.  If you're in the area or even just visiting the Las Vegas- this is a must.Only downside is I wish I lived closer!
4	BUDDHABELLEHDELLEH ! oh my god LOL i blame Doriee and CD for this LOL Lots of hype and talks about this new place on the SE side of town by the 215. some of us went to the lightning ceremony of the Ethel M garden so decided to come here for dinner because 3 of the 5 of us have not tried it yet. Small but interesting menu. Their most popular pho dip is essentially... pho ingredients in a roll with pho soup to dip it in... Only thing you dont get is the noodles ! XD I was told their cha siu pork roll was good so i decided to try that. Aside from that, was told their dragon breath fries with ghost chili sauce was amaze-balls. i didnt order this but another did. yeah yeah i know spicy is a pain.. call me a masochist for spiciness if you want haha so the cha siu pork roll... marinated pork shoulder, carrot-daikon-jalapeno pickles, asian slaw and hoisin bbq sauce on a sweet roll. ... can i get a pound of that pork shoulder so i can make fried rice or anything with it? the meat was nice and flavorful. tender and sweet. im actually getting hungry while writing this review XD mmmm *drools* OH they also give u 3 containers of various homemade chili sauce. mild medium and hot essentially... lets just say i put some of the hot (its made with ghost chili apparently) into every bite... XD yummy *__* dragon breath fries... so its a toss-up on this one. i was told it was fried better last time but it was sauced better this time... inconsistent? dunoe but when we told the worker, they were more than happy to make a new one for us ! we declined because it was fine.. we asked for more spicy ghost chili sauce anyway... staff super friendly. simple and clean little restaurant. silly little labels on various things that give you a nice laugh :P one of the few places but with growing popularity that offers ghost chili sauce :D if it wasnt so far, id try other things but will leave it in my mind for those occassional trips for my side-job if i go to that area :D
4	Yum Yum! This place is around the corner from my house. I love how friendly and accommodating they were. Great flavors and intense spices available like Bad Karma made with ghost peppers. I split the Dragons Breath Fries and Pho Dip with my sister. We had leftover and were stuffed but got a Hot Stuff cupcake togo. Chocolate Cupcake was Tasty with butter cream icing and cayenne pepper. We'll be back! Oh how could I forget those Delicious homemade chips...Bomb! Chips were the highlight lol.
5	Awesome job sandwiches are fantastic! As are the dragon breathe fries!Note to self before smothering something called bad karma on your sandwich see how hot it is!Still awesome
4	BBD!     I've been to this place a few times now, mostly with the Duchess Shirley B.  I truly believe that it's her patronage which helped put this place on Yelpers' radar.  The food is good and it deserves the props, but I think Tita Shirley deserves a little bit of credit, too.  It's thanks to her first review that I even knew about the tasty Thai Clam Chowder with a bit of a kick to it.  Thanks to her, I'm a huge fan of BBD's house made chips with the furikake seasoning; they're like crack.  And thanks to her, I know where I can get pumpkin crunch when the craving hits (when it's available because that stuff sells out quickly due to its scrumptiousness).   The group of owners here are a great bunch of guys who make sure that you're happy with your food and one (or two) always stop by the table to check on us.  It's great to see a new business like this one take off so quickly.  Just remember who loves you the most, BBD--Shirley has 22 check-ins and counting since you opened in mid-October.  If that's not love, I don't know what is.
4	Asian fusion and close to home- Win Win!It's very easy to find off of the 215 by Kohls.  I walked in being greeted immediately.  I had a lovely conversation while trying to decide on which delicious option I wanted to try.  They have a great menu with a variety of sandwiches, flatbreads and sides.  Their service was good! All were very friendly and professional.  I chose the Szechuan Shrimp Po Boy.  The shrimp was full of flavor with the great spicy Szechuan zing! I loved it! It's hard to top the main part of my meal but I ordered a side of the Dragon Breath Fries.  Yum!  A combination of garlic and a spicy pepper sauce earned my definite approval. You really won't want to kiss anyone after eating those and they will keep away vampires.  I'm excited to come back and try more of their creations.  Give them a try!
3	Nice new spot at 215 and Valle Verde. My fella and I came by while we were in the area and had at first thought about taking our food to go, then changed our minds last minute. We decided to share the pho dip, shrimp po boy, dragon breath fries and the shortrib fries. The pho dip was ok, I enjoyed the pho au jus, but it didn't have the flavors I was hoping for. A little on the bland side. The bread was way too dense for me. I had the same the issues with the shrimp po boy. The breading on the shrimp was a tad too thick and the bread was again not for me. My favorite two items we tried were the both the dragon breath and shortrib fries. The dragon breath fries had a nice kick. I highly recommend bringing gum or mints if you decide to order this...The shortrib had decent flavor and I would order this again of the four things we tried.All the food was ok, but I didn't feel the need to finish our food and the leftovers sat in our fridge for a few days untouched before I tossed them in the trash. Most of the items just need more flavor.The service was extremely attentive and i look forward to giving them another try and hopefully finding some other menu items that suit my tastes a little better.
5	I came here for the first time based on a friend's rec and I couldn't be happier that I tried this restaurant out. First of all the service is awesome with super friendly staff. The menu is interesting and the food is delicious! We got the sloppy joe fries, pork roll and shrimp po-boy. Everything was delish!!!!! Even the home made chips, hot sauces and peach black tea were awesome! Def a to go spot.
5	So this was my 3rd visit...I love their little sweet treats. Always got something new for my sweet tooth. Also, I tried a special today, the savory seafood cheesecake served with a finger-licking good sauce. Today I tried these coconut Meringue Balls...mmmm. Just upped their star rating to 5 stars!
5	Asian falafel wrap and shrimp po boy were delicious Tropical green tea was refreshing. Friendly service. Very good new place to come.
4	Every so often a new business arrives in Sin City and Yelpers go nuts over it. Some of these businesses are overhyped and end up under-performing.. but occasionally the business is a true gem... With regard to Buddha Belly Deli... Believe the hype!! There is so much to love about Buddha Belly Deli... The food is unique and well executed... where else can you get a cross between classic clam chowder and tom ka soup? Or a pho sandwich? I have yet to find any place in Vegas serving up anything close to the Asian inspired grub found at BBD. I have yet to try the aforementioned pho dip, but the tom ka chowder is amazing and I have it every time I go in. My current favorite item on the menu is the chicken salad sandwich. A large serving of chicken salad made with ginger mayo, walnuts and cherries on a yummy sweet roll... Delish! Speaking of delicious, I can't review BBD without mentioning the dessert case. Checking out what new concoctions the guys at BBD have come up with for dessert is one of the best parts of going to BBD for me. The 5 spice carrot cupcake with ginger buttercream frosting is my current favorite... The combination of flavors is just perfection. Staff is passionate about their business and it shows. Every time I have gone to BBD, multiple staff have come out from the kitchen to say hello, ask how I liked my food, offer me refills on my Thai iced tea. They seem to really care that their customers are pleased with both the food and service that they receive. With an interesting, well executed menu and staff that are invested in ensuring that customers enjoy their experience, I don't see how BBD could be anything but successful. Quick, go visit before they get so busy that there is a wait to be seated! NOTE: Be sure to ask for a stamp card!
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said about this place. Other than whenever I come here I order way too much food because it's just that good. I recently tried their Korean wings and seafood cheesecake with a tamarind habanero sauce, the cheesecake was easily one of the best things I have ever had. It was comfort food with dimension and depth. They are culinary geniuses, the last time we were there we could hear them coming up with new ideas for items and it made me excited because they were so excited about it. They could easily serve the same food for a higher price in more of a restaurant atmosphere and they would have the same following they do now. My last tip don't skip dessert, like I said they are culinary intellectuals. Great job guys!  Dom and Ridge are always super friendly say hi when you walk in :)
5	Buddha Belly! Buddha Belly!That's the greeting we got as we walked in to Buddha Belly Deli. It seems like a fun crew working there, and they'e super nice. The chef brought our food out to us and chatted for a while about the restaurant and how they make their sandwiches. Really appreciated it!They don't have a very large menu, but everything on it is super delicious. For their sandwiches, I've tried the pho dip, the char siu pork, and the szechuan shrimp. All three are awesome, you can't go wrong with either one, but the top runner is the char siu pork. It comes on a homemade bun which really makes it stand out from the rest of the sandwiches. The dragon breath fries were pretty good too...you'll definitely be tasting them for hours later though, so just be aware of that. They aren't very spicy, but the taste/smell lingers.Also, they have some hot sauces on the side. "Good Karma," "Nirvana," and "Bad Karma" (mild, medium, hot). The best is the Nirvana - Do it.
3	First of all . . .I must give this place credit for being unique . . .finally , not the usual burger, Chinese, or pizza place.  This was a lunch that I have never had anything like before.My wife and I split the Pho Dip and the Shrimp Poor Boy.   Both came with a side.  We had a side of chips and a side of slaw.  The chips are a bit salty and my wife said they tasted like fried fish (not a good thing).  The slaw however was quite tasty . . . .love that sesame and ginger flavor.While the food was good, it was not good enough to make me want to come back on a weekly or monthly basis.  Maybe once in awhile.The menu is a bit limited and the portions are a bit small for the price.I certainly hope they make it though . . . it is a tough location with little to no foot traffic.Best of luck to you Buddha Belly Deli.
5	Love This Place Recently tried the Sloppy joe fries with the fried egg on top, AMAZING!! The shrimp po Boy is Awesome as well With the Thai Clam Chowder a lil spicy but shoot is it good.. I totally recommend this place to anyone, don't let the horrible reviews steer you clear of this place, I tend to think they have no palate mature enough for a place like this :)
5	holy crap - those sauces are hot! lol.... long ago, i may have favored the nirvana, but my favorite is good karma... not as hot, but just enough kick if it's even needed.I ordered take out today and got the Chicken Katsu Curry and Kitchen Sink Gumbo.  The Curry was for the hubby and he was partial to it....I think he didn't like all the veggies that were hidden underneath.  I saw that they include kimchi on this plate so I asked for rice instead, but had no idea that they also have a bed of slaw underneath.  I think that dish would shine just fine with the rice, chicken, egg and curry and I thought it was okay too. I probably won't order again due to the price point for it.  The Gumbo however is a different story - this is definitely something I could see myself ordering over and over again....Yes, that one is going in my book for sure! I am definitely coming back for this one.
2	I didn't really know what to expect from this place but I gave it a shot because the food seemed to be pretty interesting and we are always up for something new.  We had the Shrimp Po' Boy and the Pho dip and gave the Dragon Breath Fries a try.  I will say that maybe I'm not a huge fan of Asian flavors with my sandwich and that could be the reason I wasn't impressed.  The dragon breath fries were interesting but I wouldn't enjoy a whole order of them (after a few I was wishing for plain fries)  Again this may just be my taste preference.  The place was nice, clean and super friendly.  Reminds me of something that would be great in the downtown area. There wasn't many desserts when I went so I didn't get one but from some of the pics make the desserts look great.  This shop def has potential, it's just alright for me as far as my taste goes.
5	Love this place!!!The menu is so creative and original. And the staff is amazing. Their must try signature dish is the Pho-dip. They do everything from scratch and fresh that day, including their chips. Definitely go check this place out if you haven't already. You won't be disappointed.
4	Finally made it over here after so many positive reviews.  This was the former location of East Coast Eats and for the most part, the layout hasn't changed although all the sports memorabilia is gone.  In fact, the decor is extremely boring and I strongly hope they will take some care and make this place more inviting because the food is really worth it.  At least get some TV's so we can watch the game :) I was a bit disappointed at first as there seemed to be a big take out order and the cashier had to leave me standing there for about 5 minutes while he spoke on the phone and packaged the food.  It seems one of the other people could have helped. Their menu is very clear on the electronic displays but their drink menu only mentions the thai coffee and tea and if I hadn't seen the refrigerator behind the counter I wouldn't have known I could get a soda or a water.Luckily, once the cashier got to me, the experience changed for the better.  I went with the Gumbo and the Shrimp Po Boy.  The Gumbo was very good, especially when the hot sauce was mixed in.  It was chock full of sausage, oxtail, rice, and many other flavors.    The Po Boy was excellent with fresh, well cooked shrimp.  They were about 40-51 count size and had excellent flavor. The roll was a solid sandwich roll.   The homemade Thai chips are excellent.I can see why some yelpers seem to be making this place their home.I look forward to seeing what they do to the place and will return soon to try the other menu items which include flatbreads.
5	Great food! The pho dip is amazing and the dragon fries are a must! Bring your appetite!
4	The sandwiches taste great. The pho dip is very flavorful and the meat is rare and comes with crunchy bean sprouts.The Sezchuan shrimp po boy is my favorite. The spicy mayonnaise goes great with the crispy shrimp. Thai clam chowder is pretty good, it's a little spicy and not as thick as regular clam chowder.I am not a big fan of the sides I tried. The dragons breath fries were kinda soggy and I though they could've been spicier. The chips that come with the sandwiches are soft and soggy also. The restaurant is very clean. Staff is very polite. There's several different hot sauces for you to try.There's a punch card you can get. You get stamps for buying sandwiches, salads or flat breads. The 10th one is free.
5	Delicious; unique flavors.  We live nearby so I came to get takeout for dinner.  I'm glad there's finally something different to choose from around here.  We got curry chicken katsu bowl, which I believe was on special that day, the char siu sandwich and the Thai clam chowder. All were very good.  The soup was my favorite.  I like that the sides are reasonably priced so we could try a couple of things. I can't stand it when some places only have entree portions and prices for apps and sides.  Wanted to try the potato salad too but I couldn't find it in the bag when I got home.  Oh well, I should have checked before I left. I will be back to try it next time!
5	I found this place close to my work, I hand dragons breath frys and Thai red curry flat bread I must say this is defiantly some of the best food I've ever had:) I will be back again and again. The customer service was great I'll defiantly recommend this place to friends :)
4	Unique flavors of Asian-fusion inspired dishes, combined with friendly and helpful servers make this sandwich place stand out among the world of bland and tasteless fast-food offerings.  While you may not think that a Pho dip sandwich or curry soup would fit the American palate, it does.  I tried that and the Po Boy torpedo stuffed with fried shrimp.  Both were served with tasty homemade potato chips. Excellent!  The location does deserve 4 1/2 stars and is something you should try for a casual lunch, or even dinner.  Portions are ample, prices are reasonable (free Thai tea refills) and you won't be disappointed. P.S. The interior decor is non-existent, so don't go there expecting "atmosphere!"
5	Restaurant quality food in a fast casual setting and great price.This town is full of cookie cutter venues ... they aren't bad but they are all the same. The flavors here are genuinely unique ... highlighted by their array of homemade sauces, I recommend getting all of them and trying them with whatever dishes you decide on. Shrimp po'boy had the best portion of meat I have seen on any sandwhich in the city and was delicious. As expected the Thai Red Curry Flatbread did not disappoint ... yes it is an easy dish to get right but the execution was a step above what you usually get for that price. This could easily be served in a sitdown environment for twice as much. For vegetarians the Asian Falafel Wrap was a filling and complex option (doesn't feel like veggie food). If you like peanut sauce I'd ask for an extra side, otherwise the happy buddha sauce (which has mango in it) provides another unique twist on the dish ... it comes out a little dry for my taste but I am a sauce person.  Oh, and we capped it off with a coconut mochi handmade by the owner's wife ... it was amazing and that is coming from someone who generally doesn't care for mochi.I wish this was in my neighborhood, I would be here all the time ... but its worth the drive from wherever you are!
4	*4.5 Food was good, service was far better than expected for a quick-service restaurant.
4	*4.5Awesome service, good prices. I loved the Thai Clam Chowder and Dragon Breath Fries :)
4	Lol I have fun just saying the name of this place. Buddha Belly Deli. Buddha Belly Deli. Makes me want to rub my belly in preparation for the delicious grub about to come. I had a long day, and I wanted to reward myself with gluttony. Came here with a friend and ordered the short rib flatbread. Also tried the curry fries and housemade furikake chips. I can't say I was a huge fan of any of those items to be honest. The flatbread is pricey. $12 for not a lot of food. There wasn't much meat. Mostly bread and cheese. It tasted good, but I don't think I'd get it again. The fries were somewhat disappointing. It'd be nice if they used thicker cuts. And the furikake chips are saltier than I'd prefer. The owners and workers are awesome though. Very nice, upbeat, and funny. I will come back and try other items. Particularly the pho dip and char sui pork sandwich. Just wasn't in the mood for them on this particular occasion. Also, don't forget to pick up a stamp card!
5	I was starving and a coworker recommended Buddha belly deli. I had never been here before but, I just took my first bite and fell in love. The staff was so friendly and will most certainly be back every time I'm working. :)
4	Interesting menu. Pho dip was delicious,  the Asian bbq flatbread was very rich, and the thai chowder was tasty I didn't care for the potato salad: not fresh and dry tasting. The service staff were very friendly and accommodating.
5	1st time checking it out.  Chicken Katsu sandwich was awesome!  I'll be back to try another sandwich!
4	Four stars overall. Service was fast, staff was friendly, and food was a great fusion. Four stars only because I didn't think it was a "wow." It was good, felt satisfied, but would not necessarily develop a craving for it.
5	Yumm! Valle Verde was in need of some good places to eat! They have a great menu here, my boyfriend and I got the Dragon fries, Pho Dip, and Shrimp Po Boy   everything was delicious and came out quickly. We have already been back a few times since our original visit definitely one of our new go-to places!
5	Great food! Different taste to accommodate anyone of any flavor urges. The special in house made chili is something that is a must try. SLOPPY JOE FRIES! Gotta Have It!
5	This is not a "deli" in the traditional sense, just take a look at the menu to see why; there is much much more going on here. This is really creative, super flavorful food. We had the short rib sandwich and shrimp po boy, both amazing. Their slaw is great, and their house made chips with nori, salt and pepper are extremely addictive. The guys there are super friendly and also give you unlimited Thai tea refills! We will be coming back to try some of the other interesting stuff on the menu.
4	I'm always excited when some new hip joints open in this area of town, so I definitely wanted to check out Buddha Belly. Of course I consulted yelp to see the best dishes and, according to your reviews, we ordered the Sloppy Joe fries, the pho dip, and the Szechuan shrimp po boy. The pho dip was good, but I wish it would have been served hot. The po boy was also really good. Both sandwiches had super soft bread and a decent amount of meat. The homemade chips were pretty good, and we didn't try the slaw. The standout of the meal was definitely the fries. They don't really taste like a typical sloppy joe because they don't have a tomato sauce, but the meat (brisket?) is really good and the sauce that's on it is not too heavy and overpowering. The inside is pretty boring, basically just like a Quizno's or something. My main issues with that are: 1. The prices are pretty high at $9 for a sandwich and $2+ for a drink (no fountain drinks). 2. Quizno's isn't really a destination, just something nearby or on the way. I want Buddha Belly to be a destination. Glad I went. I might return if I were in the area.
5	I've wanted to come out to Buddha Belly Deli for a while now.  I've seen rave reviews from several Yelpers who I know and trust with their restaurant recommendations.  Its a little out of the way for me to come out here, and I wanted to wait until the hype had died down a bit...but it just never died down!  People continued to check in here 2-3 times a week sometimes, so when I had the opportunity to come here on Friday night, I jumped at the chance. Its a lot smaller than I had thought it would be, but its cozy and inviting.  I love the bamboo on each table in a "Lucky" beer bottle.  Awesome!The menu is simple, and not overwhelming with different options, although everything that they have looks great. We ordered 2 Pho Dip sandwiches, and a cup of the Thai clam chowder. The guy ringing us up said that the sandwiches came with either chips or slaw, and my fella quickly said chips, since he is not a fan of mayo.  While I was walking to our seat, I saw an almost empty bowl of slaw, and it didn't look mayo based, so I asked.  Its an ASIAN slaw!  I ordered one instead of chips, and I am SO glad that I did. The soup arrived, and it was wonderful.  Hearty like a regular clam chowder, although a little thinner in texture, with a gentle heat...it was really good.  Not too spicy either.  Then, the pho dip arrived...its a huge sandwich, and I'll be honest...I might have to wrestle with myself to try anything else on the menu, it is THAT good.  I love pho, and I used to eat it all the time.  I absolutely loved that every time I would dip the sandwich into the broth and take a bite, I had the aromatic flavor of a bowl of pho!  The broth was perfect, the bread was soft, but didn't get soggy...this is a real winner here.  The chips were excellent.  They were not too greasy, and very flavorful.  I also enjoyed their home made pickles.  The star of the evening though, was the slaw!!  The side that I almost didn't order.  A great mix of cabbage and other veggies dressed in a ginger, soy and sesame flavored mix this was not overly salty, and simply delicious.  We even ordered a second one.Service was great, and I absolutely loved my first visit.  Its close to where I go to cash my paychecks, so I anticipate going back to try out some of the flatbreads, and for more of that delicious slaw!Great job to Buddha Belly Deli.  BELIEVE the "hype."  This place is amazing.
5	This place is awesome. I thought it was a bit expensive so I nvr tried it. Today was my bday so I thought why not. Dang I shoulda totally tried it before. SOOO worth it. The food is awesome. Shrimp po boy and dragon fries. I'm so full yet I wouldn't mind eating again haha. The service was so awesome also. Within the hour we were there. He kept checking up on us if everything was good. Probably every 10 min or so. Not to long and not to short of checking. And if we ever needed something eye contact was enough to make em come and ask if we needed something. I will def go back and this place is going to become a reg spot for us.
5	I was just recently bemoaning the fact that I couldn't find a good, privately-owned deli in town anymore. I was out doing some shopping at Kohl's and spotted this place. Glad I gave it a try! I went twice in two or three days. Both times, the staff were all very friendly and the food was very good and well balanced. I really liked the Pho-dip sandwich. I tried the Char-siu (sp?) BBQ sandwich my second time. It was good, but I prefer the Pho-dip. They have some good tea and coffee options as well. Their Thai iced-tea is good and not too sweet like some places make it and I also sampled their "Bulletproof Monk Coffee" which was a little different and tasty as well. I really liked the dressing on their "Asian slaw". I did try their chips which came in a HUGE portion. I liked them ok. I'm not a huge chips or fried food guy and there were a ton of them, so I only ate about half. But really, nothing bad I can say about the place and I plan on making it a regular stop! Keep up the good work guys!
5	This Pan-Asian restaurant provides an innovative menu of delicious dishes in a casual atmosphere that doesn't cut corners on flavor or spiciness. The menu had so many options, it was hard to decide what to order.   I had the pho dip sandwich - I wasn't even that hungry when I ordered it, but ended up inhaling it because it was so freakin' good.  Had a taste of the Chicken Katsu that my brother ordered, which was delicious.  We also ordered the dragon breath fries, which had real Asian heat, not Asian-restaurant-catering-to-white-people heat. YUM.
5	Personal friendly service from the owner and recommendations based on my taste. What a great impression he left on me! I can't normally handle the spicy flavors, but the bad karma sauce with scorpion peppers really left me wanting more ! I had the katsu sandwich and the Dragon breath fries, whew! I would def recommend you come down and check out their dishes!
5	Every time I check my phone, there's always a check-in on Yelp, pictures on Facebook and Instagram from Shirley B at Buddha Belly. I've been here a few times because of that but I still have not tried what I've been meaning to try: Pho Dip!  I also wanted to try the Thai tea cupcakes but they don't have them the times I went.Sloppy Joe:Slightly messy but not as messy as your regular Joe. Tender meat with more sophisticated flavors. Delish!  5/5Chicken Katsu Sandwich:Served on a Hawaiian sweet bun.  I normally skip the buns but with this sandwich, everything just worked well together. 4.5/5Dragon Breath Fries:OMG!!! I love fries. I love how the seasonings are spicy and mildly sweet at the same time.  There's chili and garlic - they were not kidding calling this "DRAGON BREATH" fries. Even my burps after...whooo! Sooooo gooood!!!  5/5Thai Tea:Most Asian restaurants serve a very sweet version of this drink so, I tend to water it down. Their version is just right. 5/5My boyfriend lost his Asian card many moons ago so, feeding him Asian food is rather difficult. However, he absolutely loved this place that he was fine if we ate here everyday. It's Asian fusion but with a mild twist - they're not trying to reinvent anything which is good.If you spot those Thai tea cupcakes, let me know!
5	Came here based on the reviews and everyone was on point. I ordered the po-boy and curry fries. The shrimp had a lot of flavor and the bread was nice and soft. The fries had just enough curry that it didn't make the fries soggy. My cousin had the pho dip which was the bomb and the chowder hit the spot on this cold day.
5	The reviews giving this place almost a perfect score are legit. As posted in my check in, the seven of us ordered half the menu items and everything was great. Can't wait to return and try the other half.
3	Well, I just HAD to try BBD because Yelpers are going bonkers over this new spot. I'm a little over Asian Fusion, but the menu is intriguing and I love the concept of a deli with an Asian twist. Plus, the food looks great!We brought our friends from Hawaii and our initial impression with the cashier wasn't great - we weren't offered stamp cards nor asked if we had one; my friend had to request it. But, that was easily forgiven, especially since the service during our meal was phenomenal. Someone came to check on us a few times, offered a free refill of Iced Thai Tea for my friends, and quickly cleared our table when we were finished.Thai Clam Chowder ($3.50): This was easily the best thing we tried. The chowder wasn't crazy thick, it was filled with lots of goodies, and the flavors were great. The bowl wasn't big enough!"Pho Dip" ($9): Our friends ordered this as well and they loved it. So did Ruben. I did not enjoy it at all. The sandwich itself was boring and the soup/au jus added nothing. It was bland. I didn't even finish my half. The Housemade Furikake Chips that accompanied the sandwich was delicious though. Great chips and loved the flavor.Szechuan Shrimp Po Boy ($9): The shrimp were good (nice batter) and I really liked the Szechuan twist, however, it needed a lot more flavor or something because it lacked that "umami" experience. If it had that extra oomph, I'd be all over it.Thai Red Curry Flatbread ($9): Again, it lacked a punch of flavor! There was not nearly enough curry, which was extremely disappointing given its name. So, it tasted like a vegetable and cheese (SO much cheese) pizza with a hint of something that could be curry. The vegetables were fresh and cooked well.Dragon Breath Fries ($4): Most importantly, the fries are good. I loved the copious amounts of garlic and chilies. It burned so good. Delicious.Coconut Butter Mochi ($2): Yum! Great texture, chew, and flavor. Exactly what you want in butter mochi.Overall, I wasn't entirely impressed and disappointed because of my obviously high expectations. Where was the flavor in so many of the dishes? I love the menu concept and there are a couple great items, so I'm willing to give them another chance. Plus, I'd love to have that chowder again!Extra notes: There are three chili sauces (Bad Karma, Nirvana, and Good Karma; in order of spiciest to mildest). All made in-house! The Bad Karma is not messing around! Also, they have a specials board and secret menu items - I saw them on their Instagram. The stamp card program - stamps are awarded for purchases of sandwiches, entree salads, or flatbreads. Purchase nine and the 10th one is free.
4	Tried BBD because of the reviews. The store was clean and looked nice. Our cashier was very friendly and offered to help with suggestions on the menu. We ordered Cajun fries clam chowder the sloppy joe and the katsu club..  Our food came out in good time.  When we finished our cashier insisted he would take care of cleaning up our plates. Overall the food was ok but I feel like there is better options on their menus. I will come back to try the pho dip!Cajun fries 3/5Sauce was good but not something I'd order again Clam chowder 5/5Sloppy joe 3/5Was a bit greasy but the meat had good flavorKatsu club 3/5 Service 5/5
5	I'm from Arizona and I spent time on yelp trying to find a place to eat. Found this place , loved it .The staff was friendly but more importantly the food was amazing the dragon breath fries are hands down amazing . I will be back , the down side i made a u turn at the light which isn't legal there and a motorcycle cop gave me a fat ticket and part of the reason I ate here was to save money now it cost more than a steakhouse. But thanks guys I'll be back . If the judge comes in ask him to be easy on people for illegal U-turn it was an honest mistake and I didn't see the sign. But love the food and service .
5	Really great new restaurant!! I had the Dragon Breathe Fries and Asian Falafel Wrap...by far the best I've ever had, the flavors were amazing. The fries are super hot but very tasty. Highly recommend this place.
3	So I write this review hoping next time to at least raise it up a star.  I come in and the place has a good vibe, and I am excited about this Asian deli fusion.  My boyfriend and I spliced the pho dip, clam chowder, Dragon breathe fries, and a Thai ice tea.  It's confusing mixture of serve your self and be served.  They had all these sauces on a table near the enterance as well as silverware and other accoutrements.  I wish they had some type of caddy to dmtake it all to your table.  I kept having to make little trip to gather it all up like a squirl storing nuts for winter or something.  The Thai ice tea was the only item I just did not like at all.  It had this weird artificial clashing taste I assume was in the cream portion.  I normally love Thai ice tea.  After that everything was good but not crave worthy.  The pho dip needed some extra punch to it maybe ing the broth itself, although the meat itself was good quality nice and pink.  The pickles that came with it were great though. The Thai clam chowder just tasred like they took some basic Thai kitchen red curry paste and mixed it in a chowder.  The flavor profile lacked depth.  The Dragon breath fries were my favorite definitely spicy and garlicky.  Each fry had something on it which I appreciate and was full of flavor.  The dip tasted kids like cocktail sauce and I feel that another dip option to smooth out the spicyness or add a little sweetness like pinapple would have taken it to the next level.  Over all if I'm coming from that side of town and hungry I'll try them out again and see if something else on the menu speaks to me more so.
