2	Went there for lunch with a coworker on opening day...good food that was way over-priced...  $11 to $14 for a roll.  They offered no lunch specials.   Won't go back for lunch unless they start some good deals.  Might be a fun place on a night before a game.
5	Had a craving for some sashimi last night, and when I read that Squid Ink is open until midnight during the week, we decided to give it a try right that second! Upon entering, my husband and I were warmly greeted and we took our seats at the bar. The bartender, Asia, was helpful in explaining the menu and the drink options to us. We settled on the tuna sashimi, salmon sashimi, and the spicy tuna roll. Everything we had was really delicious, and we were pleasantly surprised by the sashimi portions....6 LARGE pieces of the most succulent sashimi I've ever had for about $11. I felt like it was pretty reasonably priced for what you got. The spicy tuna roll was like no other spicy tuna I've ever had. It was actually REALLY spicy, and tasted like it was made in-house and not store-bought like many other places' spicy tuna.The decor is modern, and we learned that the painting on the walls is done by a local Phoenix artist, which I thought was really cool, because the murals are amazing and I love seeing local talent proudly showcased. It is conveniently located in the lower level of Cityscape and is unfortunately still a little obscured by some scaffolding all around it, so don't miss it! I am happy to have another late-night food option in downtown Phoenix, and since they have happy hour and TVs for sports, I can see me and my husband making quite a few return trips here.
4	Finally, a good sushi place downtown!Yesterday I emailed a friend who works a block from my office inquiring about meeting after work sometime the sample Squid Ink's happy hour menu. He promptly responded "Let's do this tonight!" because it's been months since we've eaten sushi. So we did. Aside from being open in a construction zone (apartments are being constructed on top of the hotel that's above this location) this is a gorgeous restaurant. The staff are friendly and attentive, but don't hover [thankfully]. During happy hour, select sushi rolls and signature cocktails are half priced; there are other specials but that's really what we were going for. These select items are limited, but enough to feed our sushi fixes. We had an order of shrimp tempura, spicy salmon and spicy yellowtail (half priced HH specials), an order of salmon nigiri and octopus sashimi. Each was terrific, the octopus especially. We also order saki bombers. Sated and slightly buzzed, we paid our bill (nearly $50, not too bad considering the amount of food) and rode the light rail home, happy. On a side note, the restrooms are tucked behind the main dining room. They were pretty.We both decided we will be back soon.
5	Really great experience for us! Excellent menu with some fun ideas and options. Always nice to try a place with new varieties of rolls and apps. Great staff, excellent location. Can't wait to go back.  Try the Shishito Peppers and the Ultimate Philly Roll.  Awesome.
5	Great! Went there for takeout and they lost my order. 5 min later it was perfectly prepared with a 30 percent discount for the short wait. Great edamame and the Dirty Rockstar Roll was delicious. Nice atmosphere on the misted patio for my daughter and I with our Golden Retriever. So glad to have them downtown!
4	Brand new. Opened up 5 days ago. Just beginning to work out the bugs. Waited a little long to be served but once we got going the service was spot on. Shrimp and yellow curry was awesome. Desert was green tea ice cream. Not impressed. We will be back to try other items on the menu.
4	The BF and I went to the grand opening last night and I was pretty impressed. This restaurant/bar has a nice modern vibe and an extensive menu of hot items and sushi. We sat on the patio where the misters were out of control (read: it felt like it was a rainy day and we were just barely under an awning....not that this was a bad thing). We ended up sharing a few items including: Cucumber rolls (pretty standard), buffalo chicken roll (this was ridiculously good...the buffalo sauce was spicy and delicious, the chicken was crunchy, it was a definite winner), and the kobe burger with Tokyo fries (the burger was good, it had caramelized onions and spicy aioli on it and came on some kind of flatbread....definitely tasty...they cooked it a little over what we ordered it at, but it was still tasty. Additionally, they forgot to give us the fries, but when I told our waiter he got them for us, so no problem there. The fries were good, nice and crispy and they had been fried in fish oil so they had a slight fish taste to them....but in a good way).  We also had a few drinks, that were all tasty. I had the deep water, which tasted like a jolly rancher, but not in that weird synthetic way some drinks like that may taste, but in a fresh way. It was very good. I also tried the revolver which had a delicious ginger flavor. The BF had whiskey sours which were on special for only 3$ (awesome!) and they were also tasty. Overall, there were a few snags, but it was good. I will definitely try them again.
5	So glad that Squid Ink opened a location downtown, The food was amazing, I had the Kobe Beef burger and it was delicious and perfectly cooked. Great atmosphere with really cool art. Looking forward to eating there again!
4	Wow, impressive Cityscape!! What a nice sushi joint in downtown! The layout is very nice, super urban. We started with a seared beef appetizer with a mustard sauce that was pretty good. We also split a crazy Philly roll that was out of this world, and another roll with black cod and strawberry. I thought the fish was very fresh, well prepared and very well priced. they even had kids sushi rolls on the menu for the little ones, awesome!Now the service was clunky, but it's new so I'll give them a bit of a break. The server didn't really have much of a handle on when the food was coming out, was confused about some of the drink ordering (we ordered a large beer and a hot sake and got a small beer and a half filled little sake container..with no sake glasses). We also  ordered the beignets, which I found heavy but they were okay. All in all, i'll for sure be back. Solid 3.5 stars
4	This place has great happy hour and on a SATURDAY! Apps and certain rolls were half off too. Very nice place, can't wait to try it again for dinner.
2	This is in a great location in the heart of downtown.  The decor is very nice and the staff is friendly and attentive.  The drink menu was nice and varied with attention to not only specialty cocktails but also having a decent selection of more pedestrian fare.  However, this is a sushi bar and it all relies on the fish and rice.  And here is where it swings downhill quickly.  The fish used for nigiri was dry.  Even when it came out you could see that it was lacking a sheen of freshness.  The rice used complimented the dry fish.  It was typically a lump of poorly formed rice that seemed to have all the life sucked out of it.  I cannot recommend this place for sushi.  Rolls were good and we did not try any of the non-fish fare.
5	Just what downtown Phoenix needs!! Late night spot serving up FRESH sushi and adult beverages! Our server Asia was above and beyond friendly, and we had a chance to meet the owner and the GM. My only advice is to offer a reverse happy hour to draw in a crowd! We'll be back for sure!
4	So like, ask for Asia at the bar. ;)I'm not a Phoenix resident. So when I go out in other cities, I rely on the friends that take me to these places. We had a birthday dinner to attend here on a Friday night. From what I am told this place is pretty new.We arrived at 8pm and sat at the bar waiting on the others. The bartender (Asia form here on out) took my drink order and suggested other liquid treasures. They have a well Vodka that is really good. I was surprised.Asia was amazing, great energy, knowledgeable and just a good character in general. Definitely sit and kick back a few with her.When all the guests arrived we were promptly sat. I ordered the butter fish with strawberry miso sauce. WOW. Literally melted in my mouth. Cooked PERFECT. It sat on top of some asparagus spears that were equally as tasty. I didn't have any sushi that night, but from what I saw and was told there was not one disappointment.My only con of the place was the layout. This has NOTHING to do with the staff, but everything to do with the interior decorator. The seating setup toward the wall is awkward, causing the servers to have to shimmy on by or tiptoe behind you. The place still seems to be finding the right grooves within one another and are doing it well thus far. I would definitely recommend this place as a local or out of towner such as myself. Try it...love it...Yelp it...
5	I love the sushi here, and their dishes are always clean!
3	The sushi here was great.  But, we weren't real crazy about the service.  It took a week to get our 1st drink.  Cool vibe, though.  We'll probably give 'em a chance to work out some kinks in service.  But, I'm sure we'll be back.
5	Finally, a great Sushi place downtown. Along with the cool trendy atmosphere, Squid Ink provides superb sushi with impeccable service. My favorite item on their menu is definitely the Kobe Burger. Wait, what? A Sushi place known for having a great burger? That's right. Perfectly cooked and placed between Cibatta bread, this burger does wonders for your palate. Very friendly environment and the management is always willing to interact with their guests. Try this place ASAP!
4	Great service. Really excited to have it in the neighborhood.
2	This was the second time we've been here and frankly we were disappointed. The miso soup was tasteless, just warm water with a few bland mushrooms floating on the top and a couple small pieces of tofu. The Manhattan I ordered was mostly sweet vermouth, undrinkable.  After the miso we had ordered the crab rangoon.  Normally I love these things but they were just mediocre here with cream cheese with a few random pieces of left over crab (or maybe it was krab) stuffed into a chewy doughy pouch.  Next we had the Surf n Turf Roll with was basically a roll that cost a lot, sounds good, with expensive ingredients that is drowned in mayo they call aioli.   For the main course we had order the Beef Yakisoba, and the Tuna Tataki.  The yakisoba, which was the good the first time we went, was a ball of overcooked noodles, matted into a doughy mass.  It was uneatable.  The Tuna we ordered came out 10 minutes after my meal, and turned out to be salmon.  Since the waiter never came back my date just decided to eat it.  It was overcooked too,l with a generic sauce that masked any taste the salmon might have had.This place might be good to grab a quick lunch to take back to your cubicle but this is not a place for a business lunch or a sit down dinner. I guess the fact they have a fast food take out window should have been a good indicator of quality.  This is a place for office worker to get a generic alternative to a sandwich, but not a place I would go back to.
5	Great food and great service.
4	Tried it after they had been open for a week...and it was delicious!  I can only imagine they will get better and better :)
5	Love the indoor/outdoor patio bar, gorgeous fresh interior creates a good vibe - bright and full of natural light for lunch and swanky in the evening.  Friendly, prompt staff always willing to take care of you.  Get whatever the daily special is or try the Pepper crusted Filet Mignon on a bed of broccolini in a house made hot mustard sauce, the Miso Cod, or the favorite Kobe Burger.  Happy hour 3p-6p Mon-Sat, 4p-6p Sun, reservations accepted Sun-Thu.  Best bar to hang out at in Cityscape!
5	When going in to squid ink, ask for Lisa at the bar!! Absolutely fantastic. Best bartender I've had anywhere downtown-it's no wonder Asia is no longer there. :) The food was fantastic with a wide variety. I will definitely come back again, and again. :)
1	Ate here for lunch today. I had the sushi lunch sampler. Now I am throwing up and my stomach is churning. I would not recommend this place at all.
5	I enjoyed everything about Squid Ink.  The decor was unique, the staff was very kind and the menu full of choices.I ordered the daily special, Fire Breathing Dragon, and one of the sushi dinners.  It came with a sample of many of their sushi all of which I enjoyed.I have no doubt I will become a regular, once I can find more friends who enjoy sushi...
4	The tuna is fresh but the service could have been alot better i think ill give them another try seeing that the slow service was on a DBACKS game night.
3	My boyfriend and I had dinner here tonight and average is all I can say. Our waitress was really sweet and attentive (of course I didn't catch her name) but otherwise we weren't impressed. The dirty martini I ordered was basically all vodka. When I asked for more olive juice it came back too dirty (Its always hard to get a perfect dirty, I don't know why) Sushi was average. Our bill was $70. Seemed way too expensive for the experience and quality, in my opinion. I don't think we will be returning.
3	I got the Beef Yakisoba and a side of Tokyo Frites to go the other day for lunch. I wasn't crazy about it. I'm still developing a more sophisticated palate for Asian food but the overall flavor in this dish didn't wow me. And it should have: soba noodles with filet, brocollini, mushrooms and carrots. A lot of my favorite stuff and a pretty balanced meal, but just not that tasty.The filet itself was VERY nicely prepared and tasty but the overall blandness of everything else overpowered what was should have been the star of this show. I'm sure there's something else on the menu that properly complements it so I'm definitely coming back to try more stuff.4 stars for the awesome set up they have. Their sushi bar is to the left as you enter, to the right is the bar and seating area. Despite my lack of enthusiasm for my first meal, I have MUCH enthusiasm for the bar and for the bartender who was really nice. I can't wait 'til the weather cools down and they open up the bar on the street (and they take down that damn scaffolding)They play good music in here and the atmosphere is good. I'm sure they have some small plates that will go with the alcohol that I am looking forward to consuming at Happy Hour.This is a neat place at Cityscape definitely worth checking out....if for nothing else, the bar!
4	Great new addition to downtown Phoenix!  We have stopped in a few times already and have been very impressed with everything we tried.  They offer an extensive and reasonably priced happy hour, so highly recommend checking it out.  The edamame and potstickers are quite good and the rice bowls are tasty too.
4	So I'm from California and I LOVE SUSHI!!!! So when I found a sushi spot that was open this late I had to try it out. I work late so this is a perfect night spot for me. The service was on point. I sat at the bar and each bartender was very helpful. The service was quick... However that late at night it would of been strange if it wasn't when there weren't a lot of people there. They have a decent draft selection. The sushi rolls were good. Nothing really crazy, but they tasted on point and your servers decent amount. The best roll I tried was the dragon roll and the calamari! I have yet to try the place out on a Saturday night but for my needs its a cool choice! GOOOO SUSHI!!!!
4	We stopped here for dinner before a show at Stand Up Live, as none of us had been there before. We shared a couple of appetizers to start, edamame, roasted garlic edamame, green bean tempura, and potstickers. I tried the potstickers and green bean tempura which were very good, I'd highly recommend the green bean tempura. I'm very boring when it comes to sushi, so I just had the california roll and spicy tuna rolls which were good.  To finish off, we shared the green tea ice cream and hawaiian bread pudding. The bread pudding is out of this world good, the green tea ice cream was pretty basic. The prices were good and the service was also good, I'd return.
2	Service terrible. Sushi par at best. Better sushi places out there. My salmon sashimi had bones in it.
4	Flare, taste, and service all rolled into oneTagged Squid Ink with a friend before a baseball game.  Very convenient location, event though the name threw me at first.  Sushi is very good for Arizona.  Plating style and service are both top-notch.  Staff was very attentive, took care of us quickly, and the bartender was fun to chat with.  Even got a discount on a Yelp check-in!Very much enjoyed the Agedashi Tofu, Gyoza, Kale Salad, and Buffalo Roll.
5	Ridiculously good sushi!! Best I've had!! Nothing bad in this entire place!! Try the Green Tea drink!! Chef Nick and Lisa are the best!!
5	This place is bomb!!! Chef nick makes the best roll!!!! Definitely will come back!!!!
5	Love it here!!! Sexy staff! Sexy sushi!!! Lisa is a phenomenal bartender!!! Nick is the best sushi chef!!
5	I visited squid ink this past Saturday for my friends birthday and lets just say my socks were rocked. A friend and I shared the sashimi platter and the cougar roll both outstanding! The sashimi platter came with salmon, yellowtail (my fave), ahi, octopus, and because the server told me there was albacore even tho there isn't albacore. The fish was some of the freshest I have had in phoenix.  The cougar roll consisted of spicy crab mix avocado and some other stuff with a cucumber wrap. Light and delicious.I also had the pleasure of meeting the owner, Schuyler, very nice and pretty darn cute too ;) I will definitely be back. Squid ink is my new go to for sushi!
2	It's ok. It wasn't good-- wasn't bad. I did see a lot of flies tho. That kinda grossed me out. But nothing special AT ALL. I was expecting more out of this place because of the location. Blue Hound, Breakfast Club are great restaurants. Also Gold's Gym in that area is so nice. Then there's this sushi place and you think like... wow thats it? I went here when it was super empty and they still took forever with my meal. I would NEVER go back here. I recommend "How do you roll?" thats in the same area which is a custom sushi shop.
2	Wasn't overly thrilled by the sushi. I wouldn't go back for it. Also the restaurant was really hot and I'm normally cold!
5	Delicious food and great service! Go to Nick at the sushibar for some of the best sushi you'll ever experience. Rebecca and Sara were awesome! Also the kobe burger is a must try! We'll definitely be back soon.
4	Very good sushi. I had tai (lightly sauced by the chef), and maguro nigiri. The negihama roll was also very good. I wanted saba but was told the chef didn't like today's fish so instead I had sea scallops (which should ne hotate but turned they out to be bay scallops).  The egg in the tonkatsu ramen was probably the best part of the dish. The broth was almost inky; very unusual. Even though it was dark it didn't have the typical rich, deep flavor. The pork, of which there was a generous amount, was either grilled or pan fried. Different but good.
3	Don't come super hungry or expecting authentic sushi.  I will however still support it as it is in CityScape and we need another sushi place (the other ones are Moira, which is meh and Pallet which can be hit or miss).  The rolls are inventive but only okay.  A better bet for lunch is a curry or a noodle dish.  The good news is that their HH pricing is more than generous.  The restaurant is super pretty and I'm happy to say that service is friendly.  But for authentic, I'd try Teeter House or Hana first.  In a pinch and downtown, come to Squid Ink because we want to see a vibrant downtown and you need a couple of sushi houses for that.
4	It's the best Sushi in downtown Phoenix!
3	My husband and I went to rooftop yoga at the Palomar, and wanted to grab dinner nearby afterwards. We were looking to eat something lighter, so we stopped into Squid Ink. The decor was very nice, clean, & modern and our server was great.We opted to sit at the sushi bar and ordered a yellowtail roll, tuna roll, garlic edamame, and beef & broccoli. The sushi rolls were good, but a little pricey at $7 per roll. The garlic edamame was very flavorful. However, the beef & broccoli was pretty disappointing. While the beef & broccoli were cooked perfectly, it was pretty much ruined by the sauce. The sauce was way too sweet, and the dish was drowning in it. Cooked dishes don't seem to be their forte, and the sushi is little bit pricier and no better than a few other sushi places in Phoenix. So I will most likely only return for happy hour, as their regular priced options are not a very good value.
3	Positives:  muddled cocktail is sublime.  Service was friendly and attentive.  A variety of menu items at different price points.  A great environment & stylish moderndecor.Negatives:  the food.  It's nothing special.  Lots of highly stylized menu choices, where the title outdoes the reality.
3	Great food, great staff but due to the construction it's hard to get to and fly's buzzing around inside. The clear plastic chairs have to go, not a good look with an upscale sushi bar. I will check back in 3 months to see any changes.
5	For Arizona it does not get better than this sushi place. Staff is great and so is the fish. Awesome atmosphere and great job
5	I work downtown and went here for lunch last week. Great vibe and the sushi was amazing! Chef Nick sure does know how to roll!
4	Good stuff.  Great lunch specials and fresh sushi.  We enjoyed our long, leisurely lunch while our puppy enjoyed a cold bowl of water on the patio.  Bartender was friendly and atmosphere was nice.  Salmon sashimi was delicious so we ordered 3 orders.  Check in offer gave me half off a glass of Sauvignon Blanc which was so good I had a to have a few.   Highly recommend for a great meal in downtown.
4	Squid Ink was surprisingly good.  3 of us went on a Saturday night for a later dinner.  We had sushi in mind and stuck to that, although the rest of the menu looked promising.  Our server told about a seared duck breast special that was kind of a head scratcher.  Nonetheless, it was a hip setting, staff was very friendly, the fish was fresh, and we were in every way satisfied.  The Tahoe roll flavor wise is superb.  The sushi chef was not a technical wizard but I wasn't expecting Jiro or anything.  The scaffolding/construction zone situation seemed to really hurt the outside seating area's potential.  We sat inside as a result.  I hope that gets resolved soon, this is an awesome time of year to enjoy the AZ weather. Keep up the good work.
3	good drinks, i wish i could remember the bartender's name she was very sweet & hooked us up w/ the check in special. pretty good sushi.....
3	I enjoyed this location a little more than the Peoria one. The sushi is pretty tasty. Service was ok. Temperature in the restaurant was way too hot for Arizona! I'd give it another shot though!
5	The Sushi last night was excellent. I got the roll with soft shell crab and eel sauce (can't look up the name because they have no online menu) Sushi was fresh, rice was perfect, the roll was nice and stuffed they don't give you those tiny rolls some other places do.  The service was quick and attentive, the location is SUPER convenient and the ambiance is very pleasing. MY COMPLAINT .  The website has no Menu, nor does it acknowledge that this location exists. Fix that Immediately. It's 2013 "menu coming soon" does not cut it and I almost deducted a star because if this
4	Went to this place on a very busy pre Jimmy Buffet party there at Phx Cityscape. We sat at the bar and had a few drinks and food and watched the Parrotheads parading about. Great location. They have Happy Hour Pricing on multiple drinks and food items. We tried the spicy yellowtail roll and were pleasantly surprised how good it was. The next item was a pan seared butterfish that was amazing. It was moist and delicious and served on a bed of roasted asparagus with a light sauce.We were impressed with how they handled a large raucuous crowd with aplomb and kept it festive. We will definitely return. Love the late night hours too!
5	Second time here this week. Again, sushi was amazingly fresh, discovered a gem on the menu, curry shrimp and rice plate, very nice portion and it is so delicious and was about $13.This place really surprises me with the prices, for the freshness of the seafood and the portion that they give you I would expect to pay 20% more. Today I came with a party of 10 and EVERYONE was satisfied with their experience.
4	Really enjoyed our first experience here. The waiter was super friendly and helpful. He made sure to let us know that Happy hour was about to end and if we knew what we wanted he could put it in so we could get happy hour pricing. We got the Buffalo Chicken Roll and the Surf and Turf Roll. I wanted to try the Buffalo Chicken roll just because it sounded different- It was good. But the Surf and Turf Roll-OMG it was delicious. All the specialty rolls sounded so good i'm excited to go back and try some more.
3	We finally tried Squid Ink after wanting to get there for the past few weeks.  I just wish we didn't try it on the night of the Tosh.0 concert...When we got there it was pretty crowded and the hostess told us it would be about 30 minutes.  We told her we'd be at the bar to get a drink while we waited.  After about 5 minutes, one of the bartenders finally acknowledged us and we ordered 2 Hendricks and tonics.  After about another 5 minutes, I asked a different bartender about our drinks and she says, "oh the Hendricks and tonics, yes coming right up."  We got them in pint glasses which I thought was odd because we didn't request tall drinks.  Then she hands us our tab without asking if we'd like to keep it open.  I would give this experience a D and only not an F because we did eventually get a drink.About this time everyone starts leaving for Tosh, so the restaurant and a few open tables.  We waited a few minutes and then went to ask the hostess if our table was ready.  She said she called our name already, but we weren't there so she moved to the next.  Well the waiting area is quite small and we told her we'd be at the bar, so I didn't really understand that.We got seated and ordered.  The server seemed to not really to know the menu, but the food was really great.  Had another miscommunication with a different server about our drink order, but that was okay.I really want Squid Ink's service to redeem itself because the food is quite good!  I will try again in a few months, but for now will stick with Moira for downtown sushi.
3	Went in on a Sunday for the first time. They are opened till midnight, which is great. The sushi, nothing special. I give it 3 starts b/c their edamame is not organic (per waitress), nor is their soy sauce. I don't know about you guys but I have zero interest feeding myself genetically modified soybeans. Wish they would make the change to organic/non-GMO verified soy, but then again why would they? Majority of the people don't care or have knowledge of what GMOs are ~ so, I guess for the minority of the public it wouldn't be worth to change that *SIGH* one day we will all care -_-
5	Great place for sushi and drinks!I went here for my birthday before the Daniel Tosh show. We had a big party of 10 people and they sat us at the coolest table. To start it was a circular table that had a huge rotating lazy susan in the middle, so we could share our food. That was such a genius idea!That had a ton of cocktails for women and men. My favorite was the Tokoyo something, it was a perfect mix of citrus and sweet! The service and food were great and timely. I will definitely go back here for sushi next time I go down town.
4	Squid Ink was surprisingly good.  4 of us went on a Saturday night for a later dinner.  We had sushi in mind and stuck to that, although the rest of the menu looked promising.  Our server told about a seared duck breast special that was kind of a head scratcher.  Nonetheless, it was a hip setting, staff was very friendly, the fish was fresh, and we were in every way satisfied.  The Tahoe roll flavor wise is superb as well as the Buffalo Chicken and Surf and Turf Roll!  We got to sit outside and enjoy the gorgeous weather outside. Very friendly staff and looking forward to coming here again!
4	Great place for Happy Hour! Everything Iv eaten there has been great, no complaints.
4	I would eat the sashimi salad every single day, if that didn't cost me close to $500 a month. It is a spring mix, seasonal vegetables, chef's selection of assorted fish, and a japanese vinaigrette. The selection and amount of fish never disappoints! I'll sometimes switch up the vinaigrettes too. I have a hard time ordering anything else, but I did it, and I was happy with everything! The house rolls- very creative, fresh and good, just a little pricey especially if you want to try a few. I would stick with an assorted sushi or sashimi platter. Cucumber-lemon water...pretty basic concept, but amazing. Get a to-go cup.Beer selection is decent- the cocktail menu is better! Service at the bar has always been friendly and quick.I haven't seen a pooch there, but Yelp says it allows pets. Even better!
5	OMG! This is my new favorite Sushi spot in phoenix, I've been a huge fan of Ra Sushi for quite sometime but I can now say Squid Ink is on top!I walked in & decided to sit at the bar where you have a nice view of the city of phoenix ( taxis rolling by along with traffic noise) took me away to NYC!! Just for sec lol atmosphere is perfect for those long days you want to be taken away, maybe the drink "Tune in Tokyo" brought everything together just perfectly!!!Dish: Coconut Curry Shrimp!! Amazing!!! ITS SO GOOD- I will probably have a hard time not ordering it when I go there!!!Service was great! Definitely will be back many times to come! Enjoy!!!
5	Excellent, quality sushi. I am a big fan, but sometimes you come across a place that makes you a little unsure. Fear not sushi lovers! Squid Ink will not steer you wrong. In fact, they will most likely be able to help you decide on a delicious roll and make you laugh at the same time. The vibe of this restaurant is awesome, too. It's new and modern with a sweet mural of a woman with octopus hair that I could not take my eyes off of. Loved it! Honestly, everything was wonderful and I can't wait to go back! Who's down for a sushi night? I know what I'm ordering!
4	Came here before a show and it was worth it as usual. Great sushi and delicious desserts. The bread pudding and tempura rolls are highly recommended.
4	I came here before a show at Stand Up Live. It's a nice laid back place with a great staff. We started with chicken wings and green bean tempura for appetizers. Shortly after our food came. We ordered Spicy Tuna, California and Hory Fook Rolls all of which were on the Happy Hour menu. We ended our meal with the Hawaiian Bread Pudding. It was simply amazing. If you come and don't get the bread pudding you've wasted your trip. I would've given Squid Ink five stars but my only complaint is e seating in the restaurant. Everything is so close together and you can hear your neighbors conversation as they can hear yours.  All in all it was a great experience and I would return!
3	I love the art on wall, lighting of the place and the concept of it. Our waiter Joshua was awesome. Fot our drinks and food on time, very quick. :)friend first time here, he got the chicken teriyaki, he wasn't sure about the sauce to it,  but he thought the chicken was excellent. He also got the dragon roll which he enjoyed, not so much on the California roll. He said it was bland and dry.I had the vegetarian udon, I liked it... but the sauce was too sweet and there was too much of it on my plate. My non vegetarian las vegas roll was really good.The last fifteen minutes of our dinner date, the music got really loud and it was hard to have a conversation.  Lolz.
4	Hello Downtown Sushi favorite!!!Meeting with a friend from out of town that was staying in downtown. I have seen this location but not been here before.  It is located in the Cityscape area. Behind Tilted Kilt. Next to Ice Arena for anyone trying to figure out where it is at. I was extremely impressed with service and food. Had too many rolls to remember. The sashimi platter had several different cuts of great fish. Pricing was very comparable to what I have experienced at many other locations. The bottled beer choices were a little disappointing. I enjoy the Japanese Beers and they had limited.  Would love to see them expand this part of menu. Got so involved, so quickly, we forgot to take photos. This will be a regular for downtown.  Looking forward to my next trip downtown to return.  Would also be a great place to sit outside before baseball game and watch light rail go by..
1	This sushi place is a total ripoff. What they call a poke salad is a total joke consisting of 3 pieces of tuna. I'm an experienced sushi consumer. It angers me this place is charging so much for so little product. Please avoid them!!!
4	Squid Ink Sushi is one of those places that makes you feel like you're an upper class patron which is surprising considering the relatively low prices. I went there on a busy Friday night and got my staple of Miso Soup, Flying Fish Roe, and Salmon.The presentation was wonderful, everything had a very clean atmosphere. The food was delicious but not the best I've ever had. The Miso Soup looked tastier than it actually was, but it was still a 4/5. While I found that the service was very quick, it was a bit too much. I had several different people at least 2 different waiters coming over to me asking how my food was. It was delicious but there's a fine art to service and asking if I need anything between gulps isn't going to win over the casual diner.The price was actually cheaper than one would expect from a Sushi place downtown. Perhaps the presentation let me to believe it would be more expensive than it actually was. While that's a good thing for the consumer, it might turn away prospective customers.I'm still looking for great sushi restaurants in the Phoenix area, but for the price and location there's very little that Squid Ink Sushi does incorrectly.
4	I have been to Squid Ink a few times. The food is great.. The service is great. Went for a solo lunch there and the waitress was really good about not overbearing me or disappearing. I really like the patio. The happy hour has pretty good prices, but outside of happy hour it can be a bit pricey. Great for date night or dinner before a show!
4	I would definitely return to this place the food is sushi the drinks the atmosphere they have it all the bit difficult with parking but if he out moseying browsing around it's a great place to popping clean restaurant friendly staff you may want to pop in and check this place out right across the courtyard is an ice skating rank for the holidays with real ice big gigantic Christmas tree very festive Great for the friends and family for the holiday season.
3	I have been looking forward to checking this place out since it opened in Phoenix.  The atmosphere was exactly what I expected, chic yet laid back.  It's right next to where they have the ice rink set up for ice skating and the massive Christmas tree so it was a great view from the bar.  The server was friendly and fast.  I had the Deep Water cocktail...I didn't realize it was spicy so I wasn't really expecting that, but it was pretty good.  Also got an order of the dumplings which were exactly what you'd expect, nothing over the top.  Sushi we had a house roll and something basic, both were good and again...supah fast!  Location is great as I mentioned, but the parking was meh.  Had to park and walk a bit which can really suck in 4in heels.  If I'm in the area I will absolutely stop in again because it was an overall good experience, just didn't knock the ball outta the park? Know wadda mean? :)
4	Checked out this place with some friends this weekend. My first thought when walking in was wow this place is fancy.  I wasn't disappointed. The service was amazing. Even though we planned on staying for a while to conduct some business the wait staff was very attentive. Unlike many places in which the servers seem to disappear after bringing you your order, my water glass was never empty and they continued through the afternoon to ask if we needed anything else right up until the end. I am not a sushi fanatic but I am learning to enjoy it more and more with each trip. That being said the sushi was so delicious.  I tried a spicy yellowtail roll which actually wasn't spicy at all and a squid nagiri.  The roll was great and so were the others I sampled.  I wasn't as impressed with the squid nagiri as it was a bit too chewy. Even though it's not sushi I would love to go back and try their Kobe burger.
5	Yummy sushi and the location is super cute. Go when the weather is nice and they open the place up. Loved it.
5	My friends and I were staying at a downtown hotel for NYE and planned to grab some food and beers at the hotel before hitting up our final destination. Lucky for us, the hotel wasnt offering their usual happy hour deal so we were in a scramble to find a new spot with good food and drinks - Squid Ink to the rescue! Not only did they have a happy hour on NYE, but they have amazing food and great local craft beer on tap. Couldnt have been happier when we go there - great place with amazing staff. We sat at the bar and the bartenders were so attentive and friendly, even offering to ring up our final beers before happy hour ended and bringing them to us when we were ready. Loved the food - the crab rangoon had huge chunks of crab in it, the wings were great, and the miso black cod dish? Probably the best thing I've eaten in months. Ridiculous - and for half price happy hour! Absolutely loved this place, cant wait to go back and meet up for happy hour again with my friends soon.
4	Did someone say sushi?!  Oh wait, that's my daily craving!  It was New Year Day and guess what I wanted to have for dinner to ring in the Mew Year?  you guessed it, sushi!Originally, I was going to go to another sushi joint which I will not name here cause I don't want to start a sushi rivalry but the other joint was closed on New Year Day. As it turns out, it was a blessing in disguise since Squid Ink is located right next to the ice skating rink so we were able to have dinner then walk right over to go skating- so convenient!We had quite a feast.  Chicken teriyaki bowl for my son, chicken teriyaki noodle for his friend, edamame, shisito peppers, 3 California rolls, 1 spicy Salmon roll, miso cod.  Oh, did you think the rolls were for me?  Of course not!  My growing boy ate his chicken teriyaki bowl then proceeded to eat the California rolls and the spicy salmon roll. After some gentle reminders, I did get a few pieces from each of the different rolls. It's a good thing when my son heartily eats (since for a young'n, he has a pretty good palate) and we are fighting,hmm I mean sharing happily our sushi!Michele M. who also joined us for dinner ordered gyoza, fried tofu, California roll, fried shrimp tempura roll also enjoyed her selections. My fav out of them all was the miso cod. 4 thin slices, perfectly cooked so the cod was still tender and moist. Hmmm, just thinking about it makes me what to have it again.Service is amicable. Staff friendly. Glad to have come here- and will come again!
5	Squid Ink is where IT is at. Ramen-wise they are the superlative. I've had other dishes and they've also been downright tasty. But I crave the ramen... I NEED the ramen. The broth is complex. Add some sriracha and it gets more complex. Open the soft boiled egg to let the yolk mix and you're seriously golden. The levels in this dish are indeterminable, at least to my palate, and they are oh so varied. Let's talk about the location now. NE corner of Central and Jefferson. Critics will say what they will about the Cityscape development, but this spot they nailed. Most of the restaurant looks out onto the street so you've got the train passing by regularly. Kiddy-corner you'll find the Luhrs Buidling - one of the best structures to look at in the downtown core. Long story short, Squid Ink has one of THE most prime locations. The murals inside... shut your hole if you dislike them in any way. They create exactly what I want in an establishment: character. The interior is spot-on, from the booths/tables to the liquor bar and the sushi bar. Yes, parking can be tricky. Cityscape has a garage with multiple entry points but I can't confirm if Squid Ink validates. But it has multiple levels of parking either way. For anyone that doesn't live downtown, perhaps it's time to reconsider your geography. Summary - YES!
5	Squid Ink completely surpassed my expectations. The atmosphere  was incredible. The Food was fresh and delicious. A must go when  going downtown and looking for great food in the best location! One of the most epic places downtown!!
4	Squid Ink is delicious every time.   My favorite item here is easily the tootsie roll. It has just the right amount of crunch with the tempura flakes.  The shrimp tempura has an awesome and sweet sauce. The miso soup is very aromatic. We also had a Flying Phoenix roll and that was great.My only complaint is the size of the rolls. The specialty roll was pretty big, but the others seemed very small. I never leave feeling full.
3	Good sushi place for Downtown. Service was great. Nothing really stood out besiedes the loud music.
4	Great happy hour in a great location!  Perfect for drinks before a game with friends.
4	So...This is gonna be kinda a weird one, guys.Because I went to a sushi bar, and had zero sushi.  I hear it's good though.Instead, I had the best damned old fashioned I've had in a long time.Gin is for the summer.  It's fresh and crisp, and should be enjoyed on a patio.Whiskey, on the other hand, is for the cold.It is in hand when you are wrapped up in scarves and coats, battling the cruel Arizona winter, just trying to survive.I am careful about where I order an old fashioned.  They require more than throwing some maraschino cherry that is an unnatural hue of red in a glass with a slice of orange and some booze.  No no no.  They need a gentle touch.For this reason I never would have ordered one at a sushi bar.  But the bartender insisted I would not be let down, and I wasn'tOh the joy of an old fashioned done right.   The faint hint of orange peel, the slight sweet of a cherry, the bitters marrying with the whiskey in a blissful union.Yes.  Yes the bartenders at Squid Ink can make one helluva Old Fashioned.And you know what?  The curry shrimp dish isn't half bad either.  The ambiance was nice, and the staff was on point.
4	Solid restaurant. Seating both inside and outside is great. If you sit outside, they do have heaters available. The servers are so nice.  Happy hour is daily from 3-7 pm. The best items on happy hour are the starters and alcohol. Definitely try the garlic soybeans - if you like garlic (baked garlic cloves), tempura soybeans, and tofu (all are starters).  They also validate garage parking.
5	Second time at this location and can't wait for my next visit. They not only have great food but also a great happy hour. Every day of the week 3-7p half off appetizer and several sushi items.
2	Location is hidden and terrible. The las vegas roll was flavorless. Normally I get spicy tuna and im glad I didn't even try it. The potstickers weren't even that great. Yikes. I thought it would be a nice sushi place. But after a basketball game, you think it would have been packed. There were only two customers in the entire place. Ending up taking our food to go. I had literally about two bites and then ended up giving our left overs to a homeless guy.
5	Great everything, from sushi to wings to drinks. Outside bar is cool. Great happy hour prices! Right across from Dbacks & Suns venues.
5	This place was amazing! Great Service with a smile, it was clean, and had Excellent Sushi. As good as the Sushi was, the dessert was to die for. We had the Hawaiian Bread Pudding.. OHMYBABYJEEZY! So damn good! The Miso soup was pretty good also.
4	Nice day out today so we decided to sit on the outside at the sushi bar , the community roundtable looked cool to sit at but our party wasnt big enoughEven though this has nothing to do w my review the bathroom stalls are pretty freakin cool I totally take a chick in there w me and get busy  lolI orderedFirebreathing salmon roll freakin deliciousTuna overkill was okSeafood dynamite the best
4	So as you know I'm an avid sushi lover. Nothing says hiiiyah origato like sushi and sake bombs. It was fairly crowded as we walked on and they had no seats even tho they let us sit at the bar or the community table, we chose the bar. Let me tell you the seafood dynamite roll is fucking amazing. It was like every beautiful Japanese a geisha girl sat on  my tongue.  We them ordered the sake bombs and let me tell ya, it was like Hiroshima and Nagasaki in my mouth. I love this place.
5	Sat at the bar on a crowded Friday night (Viva Phoenix music event was happening and the entire cityscape area was packed). We still received good service fom the bartendress and really enjoyed our food. We ordered: The spicey vegetable udon bowl - super yum! We especially enjoyed the tempora eggplant. The sauce on the noodles was spicey and a little sweet and just perfect. I am still thinking about this meal and can't wait to go back and order it again soon.Three rolls - rainbow, dirty rockstar, and another one wrapped in cucumber. They were all fresh and tasty and accompanied by plenty of ginger. My friend asked them to hold the sweet sauce on her roll, but we received it with the sweet sauce. It was crazy busy so we didn't really mind. The bartender went above and beyond and discounted our bill due to this mistake.
2	Sushi is just ok. The portions are of average size.Price is probably above average - five people ate and drank about $300 late at night. The ramen is horrible. If you walked into Walmart, bought the 5 for $1 packs of ramen, and made it yourself, you would have a better product.The experience just reinforces my rule to avoid any "fusion" restaurants for sushi.
4	Stopped in for a bite to eat the other night and bellied up at the bar. I ordered a glass of Pinot Noir, dumplings, black cod and some tempura fried green beans, all very good. Server was good and the atmosphere with the open air bar was comfortable and relaxing.
4	My husband and I came here during happy hour and we were very impressed. I just got a water but it was the best water because it had lemon and cucumber in it! Yummy! Usually with happy hour sushi you get 4-6 pieces per roll...not here...you get 8-9 pieces per roll! We did not realize that and ordered WAY to much sushi (4 rolls) and could not finish it all. My husband had a Sake bomb...and he said it was ok..but the beer was weak and watered down. We ordered carb rangoon, the four rolls, and the sake bomb and our total was well under $30. If we are in the area during happy hour, we will return for sure.
3	After driving around for 30 min trying to find parking and paying $20 to park, I was pretty stressed/angered. Then when I finally arrived to the restaurant one minute past the end of happy hour, the waiter would not honor the happy hour prices anymore. I was baffled at his lack of compassion.  If you come during happy hour, prices are reasonable. After happy hour, I cannot justify eating there.  However, I did end up eating there because I met up with a group of friends.Food was ok but not very filling and service was terrible.
4	Perfectly cooked grilled salmon with vegetables. Really loved the hamachi kama and  varailety of appetizers. Great happy hours specials as well.
4	Stopped in on my way to Stand Up Live Comedy Club, had a wonderful experience.  Friendly bartenderess, good sushi roll, excellent job!If you're downtown, across from Cityscape, it's worth a try!
5	This was recommended by my friend fame and cuz he's a health but now he doesn't come no more. Ill keep it alive for him.
3	Stopped by here while on vacation from the frozen midwest and exploring downtown Phoenix. I'm sure it's something to be taken for granted in sunny AZ, but I loved being able to sit at a bar out in the sunshine while it was snowing back home. Yes, I realize that makes me sound like a rube coming to the big city for the first time in his life, but it's true (well... gooooooooollllllly!).It's a little light on vegetarian options, but the noodle bowl was tasty and large.The age dashi tofu was unlike any I had before, but that wasn't really a good thing.  HUGE blocks of tofu with a slightly sweet breading and lightly drizzled with a topping. I liked it a lot on the first bite, but after the first one it was so heavy I couldn't eat much.Prices were decent and the beer was cold.  I can't say I would make a special trip if I was back in town, but the food was decent, the service was friendly, and ambiance was pleasant.  Actually, I really liked the bathroom.  That's a big plus.
2	Food? Service? Atmosphere? Meh. Side note bartender gets visibly annoyed when you use the check-in promotion. "Sorry bro must be tough to have to look at my phone screen and then touch a button."
5	A great late night option for those who don't want to take the car out of the pre-paid parking lot near their hotel/convention center, downtown Phoenix. I'll admit we went there just to get the Yelp deal (50% off draught beer), but it turned out to be an awesome dining experience. Out for drinks morphed into full-fledged late-night meal. The service was great). Very attentive, friendly (but not pushy), and knowledgeable  (in spite of our server being new there).The food was wonderful. We had a party of 4 and ordered a variety dishes and rolls, none of which disappointed. Dragon Roll is especially delicious. And we HAD to try the Tootsie roll (just because) and it turned out to be surprisingly yummy and not just a cute name!Their selections of cold sake are come sable too (tho I can't possibly remember which ones we had)... The details are fuzzy now... But that is a GOOD sign when it comes to the quality of the alcoholic beverages, doesn't it?!Overall, I highly recommend this place ANY time of the day, but for SURE as a fantastic late option.
4	So good! I am craving this place now whenever I go to Cenpho for a show.  I had the Hawaiin Something and the surf and turf. YUM.
5	Great service,  great sushi, the lemonade is delicious! Blue moon on Draft also great! Would return!
5	Very cool vibe! Great HH! Amazing Food!
3	Flew into Phoenix around 930, staying downtown. By the time i got checked in everything had stopped serving at the hotel bars and restaurants, but this place was next door and still open.  I was a little skeptical of a sushi joint open at 10 with only one other person there who sent back her ahi poke because she didn't realize it was raw fish. At a sushi place the raw fish surprised her. Nonetheless I didn't feel like wandering so I went in. Had the yakisoba and the green bean tempura. The tempura was lightly battered and the green beans were fresh and crispy. The yakisoba noodles were cooked well. The steak on top was bland, mostly because the sauce was in the noodles. Taking the effort to mix everything together in proper ratios it was quite pleasant, at first.  The spicy teriyaki is good but it becomes a bit much towards the end of the plate. I threw in some pieces of sashimi (Salmon and tuna) and a yellowtail nigiri. These were nothing special. Nothing wrong with them but nothing good either. The place has a nice decor but seems very quiet despite the vibrant happening vibe they are trying to project.
5	Great for a late night quick sushi fix downtown after a Suns game or a concert... Prices are reasonable...
4	Was in Phoenix for work and it was hot, hot, hot! We thought some good sushi would be a great idea. It was but unfortunately the A/C was not working properly in the restaurant. The happy hour specials offered good deals and the food was good. We had appetizers, rolls, and sashimi. The service was a little over chatty but I guess some people like that. A descent sushi option in downtown.
1	Terrible service... our waitress was practically ignoring us and she only had 3 tables! One star might be harsh yeah but I wont be spending that kind of money on a place this this again.
2	This place basically gets stars only because our waiter was the only guy who worked there who was super nice. Every one else who worked there were complete jerks. The food is super expensive, even with their happy hour pricing, and you don't get nearly enough to eat. Our group left making plans to go elsewhere to eat because everyone was still starving. The bathrooms there are super obnoxious. There are no signs, so I asked a waiter directions, and he merely told me, "Yes, we have bathrooms," and promptly left. Nice guy. I chanced a random hallway and ended up in what I thought was the guys restroom, because there was a dude there washing his hands at the counter.  No. You find a random closet to do your business, and everyone washes their hands together. Cozy. Except then you get to catch the waitresses who don't wash their hands. Oh yummy. Our plates were dirty, there were flies everywhere. And it was disgustingly hot in there. I suppose I should say something about the food. My buffalo chicken rolls were not bad (I'm pregnant so I'm not allowed to eat real sushi), and the chicken fried rice tasted like it was made from a box. The others said their Cali rolls were super bland. There was one other waiter who was super nice too. I won't leave him out, so he'll make up the second star. But everyone else... Well, I can't blame them for hating their jobs I guess. Lol.
5	Delicious sushi! The staff is extremely nice and the manager was very friendly. The restaurant is very clean as well. The caterpillar and rainbow rolls are really good. All taste fresh.  Great location downtown and very spacious.
4	From my experience, and the experience of the four other people I dined with, the sushi here is really, really good. Delicious, good sized, and the variety of rolls we can try is excellent.The only off-putting thing about my vegetarian roll was that it included tempura asparagus and cream cheese. I'm under the general assumption that, if I'm ordering something with strictly vegetables, it won't have anything fried in it, and it will mention if it includes a dairy product. So I was a bit disappointed by this. However, I ate it, and it was good - just not what I expected, or wanted at that moment.
4	Squid Ink is a sushi bar located on Central Avenue in downtown Phoenix (most central/southern-most edge of the downtown area). There is a fee for the parking garage, which is located in the same building. It is very convenient.The hostess who seated us looked rather unkempt, and she had pimply shoulders, which were exposed in a stringy tank top and kinda gross, but she was friendly. At first, the service was slow. We didn't know when the server would come and take our order--granted the restaurant was full, which is actually a good sign.Once we got our drink order in it took a few minutes longer than we would have liked, but then things got rolling. We ordered several courses, and quite a lot of sushi. All of our food came out rather quickly. Way faster than I would have imagined for any restaurant, much less a sushi bar (which typically takes more time).The miso is excellent. The seared beef dish was incredible--the meat was tender, like butter. Amazing! The cooked salmon with the kale salad was "the best ever" according to our table guest. The sashimi platter and suhi roll platters were just a scosh sparser than we would have liked, but the fish was impeccable. Really. Wow!House chardonnay was buttery, not metallic. Water and tea were refilled with regularity, and as the food arrived we realized the whole staff worked very well together as a team. More than five different people came and went from our table, making sure we were taken care of. Everyone was friendly and professional.Over all the value was very good. The prices were good. We loved our meal and we are definitely going back there!If you sit outside there is a misting system, so you stay cool. Plus, the people watching is really fun.Happy hour is all throughout the week--half price "starters", so that's always a good deal.We recommend!
4	Love this place!!! Do not like sushi but this is Only place I know where you can get an asian style burger! Their teriyaki chicken is also stellar. One setback watch for the flies they are evrey where. Also servers whole polite also seem a bit too rushed.
4	I had the pokeroll and the dirty rockstar roll. I enjoyed both and the atmosphere of the restuarant
4	Had the beef yakisoba to go. I must say, for a dish like this "to-go" it was great. Lots of flavor, the beef was cooked perfect and tender.  A big plus for me was the vegetables were not mushy, steamed just right.
1	I wanted to give it a chance, I really did. I ate here four times...The sushi is easily the worst on earth, which is probably amazing for Arizona, where Cuisine comes to die.Anyway, what you look for in sushi is just one thing: Quality fish, cut well.Their nigiri is stringy, tough, and often feels dry. It is just bad all around, I don't know if their chef is poor, or whomever is choosing their fish is just ignorant of the role.I have been four times, different days of the week, different times. All horribly disappointing.The waiters are also pretty bad, and slow, but that is a drop in an ocean.The food is terrible.
2	First two times I went, I loved it and was very excited. Whenever new places open downtown, I feel such pride. Unfortunately, it's been less than impressive my past few trips (I know. I should stop trying.) The sushi wasn't great, my table was dirty and so were the ones around me, and the service was slow. If you're just going for a drink and edamame, this place fits the bill. Anything more and I suggest you go elsewhere.
5	This place is so clean! Got to love how modern it is in this place. Sushi was really good too. Good place to enjoy yourself
3	It was not great sushi and that's why, even though I enjoyed my time here, I am only giving 3 stars.Great location. Cool, if a little pretentious, atmosphere. Water with cucumbers and stuff like that. We didn't order any drinks; thought the prices for drinks were absurd considering it didn't look like most of the cocktails had a lot of alcohol content. First thing we ordered was the sushi lunch platter. They brought out something that was different than what was on the menu but I ate it anyways. The sushi was not good. Tasted like what you find at Whole Foods or similar groceries; bland and stale. Not spicy at all. The sashimi were tasteless and strangely warm, which was unpleasant. Also ordered the coconut curry shrimp bowl, which was pretty tasty. My complaints are that the sauce was too sweet and rich, which made it feel kind of gross in my stomach afterwards. Also, $13 for some rice, four shrimp, and a boatload of sweet curry is just asking a little much. Would have enjoyed a few more veggies or more shrimp.Service was good. Weird bathroom scenario. Would give it another try but not order sushi here.
3	I tried out this place a week ago, what I can say is that while the place is OK, but the food does not scream quality. I am giving it 3 stars because rarely do I leave bad reviews. If you wanna have sushi this is not the greatest place for you to go.
4	A leisurely lunch spot that still gets you in and out quickly during the lunch hour! In summary, you feel like you've been there enjoying a nice lunch for awhile but in reality, you're in and out before your lunch hour's up! Located right in the heart of Downtown Phoenix at CityScape, this is a perfect spot for lunchtime delight. They offer lunch specials which are very reasonably priced and come with a cup of Miso soup. During a lunch here, I enjoyed the Spicy Tuna lunch special which came with delicious spicy tuna, tempura eggplant, rice and other veggies. It was the perfect combination of filling and flavorful and I gobbled up ever bite! This is a great spot for lunch in Downtown Phoenix and one that I will visit again soon.
5	Great happy hour congenial staff awesome ambiance especially for one hell of a buzz for prefacing !!!
1	Food is good but the service blows. Whenever I had a question about the food I was met with a sigh, rolling eyes and a sarcastic remark. I am very respectful and treat all people who work in customer service with respect, after my meal I didn't even want to leave a tip that's how much this dude pissed me off. To Management: go over customer service with your staff otherwise your business will suffer.
5	We ate at Squid Ink for first time this past week-end.  The restaurant was bright and clean and really liked the decor. The sushi was just right and I highly recommend tofu starter. The best part was our server Dave. He was attentive, helped us order a new drink we might like and checked in with us just the right amount of times.  The happy hours prices made dinner and drinks afforedable.Lately most servers we meet in central phx has been average at best but Dave will be the reason we re-visit this restaurant.
5	There are a couple of secrets on this menu.  They aren't standard sushi, but damn, they are pretty good.  The manager, Dave, suggested I get one of his favorite, and it was not something I would have ordered, but it is probably something I will get every time I come.  It was the Beef Negamaki, which is found under. "Small Plates" section.  If you find yourself wanting something outside of the standard nigiri, get the Beef Negamaki.
2	This is the type of sushi establishment that's more of a place to see and be seen than to enjoy a quality meal. That's why all the effort goes into a posh-looking bar. That's why the sushi has funny names (lol Pokemon Roll so kawaii) more memorable than quality. Against my better judgment, I decided to go with a simple, tempura roll. The Vegas. It was executed quite poorly, as it was almost flavorless (how do you manage that when it has unagi?), and very gummy, indicating it was...uh...undercooked. Portion size was also questionable for the price, which would never bother me if the quality was at least average. I can legitimately say it's the worst Vegas roll I've ever had. I have had better sushi on several college campuses. Next are the uninspired cocktails. Shiso leaf left untouched is a cool marketing tool to make a cocktail sound vaguely eastern, but it's neither flavorful nor aromatic enough when chilled to be anything more than an unfamiliar garnish in an otherwise forgettable libation. Only the "City Escape" stands out. Everything else is just a shot, some fruit juice, and some muddled "seasonal" fruit. How special can these drinks be if ingredients are strikingly interchangeable? Where is the cucumber? Lychee? I am disappointed. Oh, and the happy hour is pretty lame. IIRC, there's no reverse HH, something I'm more than happy to find down the road at 11pm. A sushi bar that messes up sushi is already looking at 2-star territory. Atmosphere is nice and trendy, but that's negated by below average value. I'm still open to giving it another try someday, so I won't go any lower.
1	Overrated. Place to see for ambiance, not to enjoy quality sushi. Food is blah. Paid almost $100.00 for two people and the food was fair. Not happy with my first time there. Most likely will not return. Not even for drinks. I can get that somewhere else and enjoy great food at the same time.
4	Stopped here on a whim and was pleasantly surprised. Had a black rice sushi roll and was satisfied. I'd peg it as a great "quick-stop" for lunch. Liked the black rice so much that I bought some at Sprouts :)
5	Great place for sushi! Very clean and modern. Will definitely be returning for more sushi
5	First off - our waitress (cute lady with the pink hair) was super friendly and attentive (Cory - I think).  We had three rolls and I wish I could remember what they were called but alas, I cannot.  I know they were spicy! One of them had a jalapeno on top of each roll! Very, very good and very fresh!
3	Had the seaweed salad and grilled salmon, not bad.  Cool young scene and good service.
5	I stopped in for a quick bite at lunchtime. The server was fast, friendly, and very professional! My squid & seaweed salads came out fast. I highly recommend this place. Only downside was parking but that's to be expected downtown.
4	Cool spot with pretty good sushi and menu options.
5	Best damn Kobe burger anywhere. Best food, best staff, best location, sky you rock.. Need my fix on those wings also with a side of yellow tail
5	Definitely one of our favorite sushi places in the valley!! Awesome happy hour that lasts until 7pm and it's perfectly located right in the heart of CityScape... Not to mention the fact that their sushi is spot on! Nothing to wild or eccentric, but just the right variety to satisfy your raw fish craze!! Two thumbs up!! ProTip: they validate for the underground parking in the lot between Central and 1st St!!
5	Squid Ink is one of my favorite sushi places for a few reasons. happy hour til 7? YES...it's the only one I ever make it to on time, (even if it is 6:51 when I arrive haha) They have simple options, but also some unique and more complex dishes. Love the ambience-the bar is outdoor and indoor, so you can sit outside but still feel like you are inside.The artwork is very unique and clearly not purchased at iKea or Target... :)
5	Alicea, was amazing, super sweet to talk too and look forwarded to coming in and seeing her again. Aloha Grayson
4	Went there for the first time last Saturday for my birthday dinner. Beautiful Resturant plenty of room for my table of 10, friendly staff and the food was D-lish. I had a great time there and will defiantly go back.
5	Another good meal at Squid ink. Alicea alway has a great smile on her. Makes the experience that much better
5	Love this place - and not just for the sushi and great good, but the atmosphere and service are top notch!  I am a regular for these very reasons.  In addition to their sushi, highly recommend their Miso Black Cod and Pepper Crusted Filet!  Bomb.
3	The best thing about this place, and the reason why we ended up here, is that they stay open really late!  They stay open until 2 am on the weekends.  The sushi itself is what you'd typically expect at a sushi restaurant.  I did note that none of their specialty rolls sounded particularly appetizing to me because they all contained something fried.  So I stuck to the rainbow roll and tuna roll.  Both were good, although the fish was not AS fresh as I would have liked.  Additionally, the tuna roll was made kind of messily and was falling apart at the ends a bit.The favorite part of the meal was the marinated squid salad - delicious!I would come here again if I had another late night craving for sushi!p.s. - they validate for parking if you park in the garage directly adjacent
4	Went here for dinner with some friends last night. Very modern sushi bar with some mood lighting that was a bit too dark. We all used our phones for reading of the menus. I ordered the tonkatsu ramen and 3 rolls. The sushi was amazing, fresh and clean tasting. The ramen was good, liked the slices of pork belly, crab meat and the soft boiled egg topped it off. The ramen soup however tasted off. If anything i'd recommend they work on improving the taste of the soup. Besides the lighting and soup, all was awesome!
3	Sad to say that I used to rave about this place, but I will rave no longer. Their spicy tuna rice bowl was my absolute favorite and I went to grab one to-go after my workout at Golds. It was the lunch rush but it was not extremely busy. I waited literally almost half an hour for my small order. Tired and hungry, I left to get home and enjoy my wonderful spicy tuna bowl. Unfortunately, my supposed-to-be bowl of goodness was extremely disappointing. It was messily put together, the spicy tuna didn't taste very fresh and lacked spice, and to top it off, they forgot to put in the ponzu sauce which is the absolute reason the bowl is so good. If it weren't for the Sriracha I had handy at home to add, I would have thrown it away, at least the "spicy tuna." The tempura was alright, slightly soggy but edible. On the bright side, the hostess was very nice and made sure to give me constant updates about my order (because she felt bad I was waiting for so long). And I surprisingly ended up paying $2 less because it was a lunch special which also came with miso soup so that was a small plus. Not sure if I will ever go back...
1	Flies, flies, flies! Everywhere! We asked to be seated outside because they were literally crawling all over the inside windows. Our waitress was not friendly or helpful , she didn't take down our order correctly which normally would be cool if my tab wasn't wasn't 30$ for a roll and  a sake bomber I didn't order. The sushi wasn't bad, it wasn't special our overall experience was very negative (we're both in the service industry) not being harsh whatsoever we will not be returning
1	My first experience I must say was not good. A group of friends met here and we ordered several different things.  We ordered two spicy tunas and I think one was not fresh, my friend advised our waitress, Corey and she said she would take care of it. Well that did not happen! She brought the check and my friend reminded her she was going to take care of it and her words "I am not trying to pull a fast one" I will take care of it. We advised how to split the check and my friend went to the restroom.  Corey came back to the table and said "a tuna roll is not accounted for so I paid it.  When my friend returned from the restroom I told her what happened and she could not believe she did not take care of it. We ordered eel sauce that seemed as though it was mutating in front of us and Corey even said "oh that is definitely not good and took it away and brought another side of it although no one was really interested any longer. I must say Corey did buy the table green tea ice cream "great gesture" however it does not make up for the seemingly dishonesty with the tuna roll. We will never go back to this establishment. We all work in customer service industry and this experience was very poor.
1	I came to grab dinner at this Japanese restaurant with fellow Yelper Kurdy S, and the experience was a big disappointment. I was initially impressed by the sleek, horizontal interior that included an outdoor patio, sushi bar, bar area, and a long stretch of booths and tables. The restaurant was relatively quiet considering the small and large groups of families that were dining there. They also have a few TVs for those eager to keep track of games and scores.We ordered the Toyko Frites ($7) that came with shoestring fries sprinkled with seaweed and served with honey jalapeno and spicy aioli dips. The fries tasted rather ordinary and plain. The dips were very simplistic without hints of complexity. I don't think I would pay that much for fries to go with mayo-siracha dip. The Assorted Sushi Platter ($18) came with eight pieces of spicy tuna roll, and nigiri that included unagi, ika, sake, tai, maguro, white fish, and ebi. The fish selection was ordinary and on the cheap side. The flavors were rather bland with dry spots, and I thought the red snapper had already turned. I was particularly offended by my order of Ikura ($6) that was served half done! Apparently, the sushi chef had run out of salmon roe. He then had the audacity to serve a half way done Ikura and told me that I would be charged half the price for it. Presentation and precision are such a big part of the dining experience in Japanese cuisine. The restaurant should have let me know about this in advance and ask if there is anything else that I would rather have in its place. My face turned as red as the maguro when the order arrived at the table. I had the server to take it off the bill.Service was grounded in Western paradigm and not very thoughtful at all. Prices were too inflated and the quality from food to service was sub par. I left in disappointment and will never want to come back here again.
2	The place and the environment is ok for my tastes, quiet where you can have a conversation.But food and drinks could really do better. Ordered whisky on the rocks and they brought me a glass of water with ice and some whisky in it :(Nothing about the food seemed fresh and appealing, miso soup with mushrooms didn't work for me and the seasoning was like bland, sushi didn't seem fresh, edamame either.
4	I went there tonight and had their wings and burger.  Both were awesome.  I always get my wings extra crispy and very hot with blue cheese.  They didn't have blue cheese but I reluctantly ordered anyhow.  The wings were neither crispy or very hot.  The set up was perfect for a disaster.  As it turned out, the garlic ranch was pretty awesome, and the wings fell off the bone.  They were extremely tasty as well.  Needless to say, quite a nice surprise.  The burger was fantastic as well.  Not a huge selection of beers, about 5 in total but the pumpkin kilt lifter and IPA were good.  Bartender actually was there for more than just a paycheck which is odd these days.
5	I come to Phoenix a lot for work. This is one oft favorite places to go. The food is always spot on and drink are always great. Black Cod is a must. Alicea has been my bartender / server all three times. Always very knowledgeable with the food, drinks and always has a smile. Not sure if she is manager but if not she should be. If I had a place of businesses I might have to steel her. She rocks. Sum it up drinks are great food is even better and it's always a fun atmosphere. Great place to start before a game.
4	I can say without a doubt my favorite sushi place in all of Phoenix and topped off with great service. Has a beautiful woman behind the bar (alicea) that really makes this place shine and keeps me coming back. I highly recommend this place so please come in and see alicea and see what its all about!
4	Located in CityScape downtown Squid Ink has a killer happy hour. Perusing through the menu I found much to my delight! The philly roll and the spicy salmon roll were fresh and small. I prefer small rolls, the kind you can actually fit in your mouth and not have to awkwardly bite in half with chop sticks. I also had the green bean tempura, and the chicken wings which are chargrilled, bathed in siracha and served with shiso ranch. The star of the show was the miso black cod, pan seared and served with leeks, the miso glaze was intoxicating. I couldn't believe how cheap the dinner and 2 sake bombers turned out to be. DID I MENTION HAPPY HOUR IS EVERY DAY UNTIL 7!!
4	The food is amazing and second to none other in the area, but the service is hit & miss. The hosting staff could be more accommodating and warm rather than dismissive. Josie & Ashley are a joy and truly know how to service the clients. Now back to the food, it's flavorful and delightful. The Soue Chef Shannon takes great pride in the kitchens accomplishments and that care is directly reflected in the rich cuisine that is served. Good jod.
4	Nice environment to eat. I would love to come back and try other items on their menu.
4	Sushi in Arizona that tastes like real fish. Not that I would know, but it seems pretty authentic, and I've certainly had my fair share of raw baddies.Squid Ink seems really hip and the young wait staff might enforce that opinion, but I haven't felt more comfortable watching college football in a restaurant that didn't have pitchforks on the walls in a long time. The seating arrangements are a little goofy, but doable. Like most sushi places if you're a group of two, you should sit at the bar. The prices are certainly reasonable (some might say you're almost stealing it, considering the abysmal quality of many sushi joints here, which pop up like Subways or McDonalds now.) for what you get. They also have fresh ground wasabi available, which is a continued rarity. Good stuff. Go for the happy hour, stay because you got drunk and need more salmon.
1	I had been to this place a few times before!   Usually the service is good, but this time I experienced an awful time with Chelsea our waiter.   The Teriyaki Chicken here is great, but anything else is mediocre! On my last visit to this place, I ordered the Fried Thai Rice, and that was the most disgusting pile of rice I have seen! The rice, was lumpy and flavorless, after not bearing to force myself to eat this gunk, I flagged our waitress down, Chelsea, and told her that as much as I tried liking that plate it was horrible and not Fried Thai rice!!! That it was steamed not fried, she argued back claiming that it's made that way, and then walked away shaking her head!! Talk about rude! Then the Chef came out to apologies, which was truly nice. He claimed that a trainee prepared my dish, and that it was made incorrectly, then brought over a plate he claimed to have prepared himself, it was just as flavorless, but without the funky balls of steamed rice and without water chestnuts, (they probably thought I didn't notice!).   Very neglecting and rude experience! I will never ever, come back to this place! Non-deserving of bringing in a lunch crowd, as I did before!!!
4	Great sushi place. Staff was quick and responsive, chef was cool. We sat at the bar and we got appetizers and they were all delicious, sashimi platter, seared fish, crab rangoons and for dinner we had three rolls, all delicious! Happy hour special was half price appetizers and house special rolls with a discount. Trendy cool place, a little pricey for sushi but I guess you pay for the atmosphere and ambiance.Will definitely go back.
5	Busy night on a late Saturday night. Not crowded though. Hidden gem away from the convention attendants. Relaxing atmosphere, host attend to us quickly, server responded to us right away. A+ service so far.Reasonable pricing.
4	This was my first time dining at Squid Ink, and I was pleasantly surprised with the ease in ordering compared to other sushi restaurants. The waitress was able to quickly answer any food related questions we had, and the menu was clear regardless. I appreciated how quickly the food was served, and the portions were fair in regards to the pricing. I definitely recommend this spot to both sushi and non-sushi fans (serves food other than sushi). It's an interesting scene, with a bar-like area and a few tables outside in the heart of CityScape to enjoy the meal outside. Overall, it was fantastic! It would be best for a date or groups under 5 people due to the limited and intimate space. Probably not the place for children. The dessert menu is bare with just three items, but the sushi seems filling enough to allow you to pass on dessert anyway. ORDER THE CRAB RANGOON!!
5	LATE NIGHT GEM! This is one of my favorite spots to go when it is late at night and I need to eat. Kitchen open until 12 am on weekdays, and 2 am on weekends. Great sushi, and if you don't do sushi, their Kobe beef burger is to die for.  I will also treat myself to their Chicken Fried Rice Bowl, add egg, add bacon, and slice avocado on top. That combination will feel like an orgasm just exploded in your mouth. Yummy! Wednesday nights they do live music, and their cocktail menu is fun and fresh. My personal favorite is the Tune in Tokyo. Nice selection of wine, as well as a great selection of sake. Next time you are downtown for lunch, convention, meeting, or school, I highly suggest stopping in and enjoying the place.
5	(Lyrics - B.O.B ft. Bruno Mars - Nothing On You)Squid Ink Sushi, in downtown PhoenixI could be tasting, and my time is preciousThey got nothin on you, babyNothin on you, babyThey might say Bo, and I might say BitesBut you shouldn't worry, about what I'm sayingCause they got nothin on you, babyNothin on you, babyLiterally the center of downtown Phoenix lies a sushi restaurant.  Yep, a sushi restaurant in the middle of a desert!  Hot as it may be; maybe it's heating up because of this place - wink!Let us explore and enjoy!  My friend from Philly was in town and Bo Biting we went!  Ordered our drinks and went for the kill!  We started with some Agedashi Tofu; it was breaded with Panko and layed on a bed of smoky mirin soy sauce; overall a good start.  Next we went for it; spicy salmon roll, salmon roe, Pokemon roll, Flying Phoenix roll, and the Pan Seared Butterfish to top it off!  I didn't try the salmon roe since I usually don't care for it.  The first thing I notice and so did my partner was the rice was pretty darn good and well cooked. My favorite of the bunch was definitely the Pokemon roll; what seems to be a California roll topped with jalapeno, grilled onion and a grapefruit.  Second in line was the Flying Phoenix; crab roll topped with seared ahi, shrimp, and black pepper sauce drizzled all around.  We finished our entree with the butterfish which was beautifully plated.  It was served with grilled asparagus and fried onions and a very unique sauce; strawberry miso!  We finished the night was dessert of course and we went for the rice pudding brulee - OMG!  What a dessert; sticky rice, coconut milk, vanilla bean within a brown crusted sugar!  Where have you been in my short life!  Overall, a great experience!  Service was attentive and well trained while the place was very modern and sleek.  In the end, I must recommend a try! - Enjoy!
5	First of all this is a great place for the Decour.it is also a phenomenal place if you were looking for great pricing.my wife and I enjoyed a spicy tuna bowl .I enjoyed the Ramen which was perfectly cooked the noodles were not soggy at all or overcooked the pork belly was just amazing nice and tender. But most of all outstanding service I look forward to coming back as they are building an ice rink right in front of the downtown location
5	Very nice. In for lunch and Roslyn took very good care of me. Sushi was excellent and garlic roasted edamame is an added treat. Very hard working and friendly staff!  Highly recommend.
1	I'm only giving this place a 1 star because we have to and the location is nice.We sat down outside at 6:55 before the happy hour ended.  Our server comes up and we want to order the HH special but she tells us it's 7:00 and we can't order the specials due to the automated systems. Ok well we tried right? I order a drink because I wasn't too hungry.  My cousin and her friend were looking at the menu to see what they wanted to order.  So our waitress comes back to the table and only asks my cousins friend if she was ready to order, takes her order and walks away.  Then she comes back to ask for my cousins order but in the most awkward and rude way.  So my cousin order like the crab wontons or something, and they turned out to be really salty.  So of course, our waitress doesn't come back to see how everything is, we have to wave her down.  She comes to the table, and my cousin tells her the wontons are really salty.  You can clearly see the salt chunks on top so she asks her if thats normal and all the waitress says is "yup".  Really?  Yup? Oh I already know what my tip is going to be after I get the bill, learn your manners girlfriend.So once we're done, we are ready to pay buuuut our waitress is nowhere insight.  So we're noticing how super awkward she is and she makes us feel really uncomfortable.  I have to remember that I'm not longer in California and that racism is pretty huge in Arizona but geeze, why work with PEOPLE if you have some sort of prejudice?!  I'm just assuming but I got that vibe that she does not like too much diversity in one sitting.  So there was another waiter near and we ask what's her problem and he's like "I'm not really sure", so we tell him we're ready to pay.  It looks like he goes to the back to find her and a few moments later she comes back says "I heard you were looking for me..' What?! WHAT!!! Giiiiirl you seriously have an attitude problem for no reason at all.We give her our money to pay, because you know, we surprisingly can afford it.  So we ask if we can validate with her and she says yes.  I was digging in my purse to find my ticket but I couldn't but she stood there just staring and waiting like I was inconveniencing her.  Mind you this is the longest she's ever stood at our table the entire night because she walks away super quick when she had to bring the food to the table.  I tell her nevermind, I'll get the lady at the front desk to validate, because she was making me feel very uncomfortable.We filled out our feedback cards and let them know right away that her service was beyond unacceptable.  I don't know if I could ever give this place another chance.  I was so disappointed with the way we were treated but who knows, maybe one day.The food overall, eh.  Maybe if it wasn't for the lackluster service, it would have been better, but homegirl ruined everyones appetite.
3	No complaints on the food or our server. Both were excellent. Disappointed with the Manager though! It's pointless to make reservations because if there is a group before you - they can take as long as they want & your group will have to wait. We politely spoke to the manager who stated the table was already bused & they were just waiting - he had already "attempted" to ask them if there was anything else they needed. We waited 45 min before we walked to the table and politely talked to the group. The group had no problem clearing out & stated they weren't told anything about leaving nor was our reservation mentioned. They gladly got up and let our party sit. Yes, the manager gave us a round of free drinks, but not having to wait 45 min would have been better. I hope that his approach will be better in the future. Food & hospitality from the servers helped give this another star.
3	Super friendly staff and managers with decent food.I have been to the Squid Ink on two separate occasions. Each time I went I have had a pleasurable time chatting with the employees and waitstaff and other patrons. I enjoy the wide variety of cocktails they serve and the beer they have on tap. This is a great place to go and grab a drink and a bite to eat. I am only rating this location 3-stars because I have not tried any dish that I really loved. They do offer a wide variety of foods on their menu. I had some very basic sushi here that just didn't taste very fresh. This really put me off since this is a sushi house. I have also tried the kobe burger which I enjoyed. I hate to say it but maybe sushi is not the way to go when you are dining out at this location.
4	In town for a convention from Boston.  Came here last not for drinks and sushi and it was so delicious! Decided to come again today for lunch with friends! Highly recommend if you're in phoenix!
4	You can never go wrong with sushi.
5	5 star so far after a salmon sashimi, but before the bill. This place is very popular and lively. They play good music and the wait staff will get to you quickly even during peak hours. I'm impressed!
3	I've tried Squid Ink a couple of times. A little pricy for what you get and limited menu. The staff on the other hand is friendly and attentive.
5	My husband and I have been here twice now. Each time has been amazing. The first time I got the Flying Phoenix roll and the second time I got the Ultimate Philly roll. Both were so delicious. We're from Seattle and have heard finding good, fresh sushi is hard to find in Phoenix, so we really lucked out to have found this place so quickly. They have an awesome HH from 3-7. Half priced appetizers, 4-5$ drink specials. We will definitely become regulars here.
4	Let me say first that I am not into sushi at all....It was my friend's birthday and she requested sushi for dinner. I looked up this place and it looked pretty good and since we wanted to stay locally in downtown it was perfect location. We got there and place was so busy. The hostess was extremely helpful and made sure to get us a really nice table in timely manner. Between 6 of us, we ordered so much food. So, I decided to give a sushi yet another try.  And I must say it was a success. I tried a lots of different kinds and it was all pretty good despite my lack of love for sushi. Server was awesome as well. She was very present and helped us with all questions that we had. She made sure to check on us at all times and was really kind and funny at the same time! Atmosphere was really good. We had a great time and I am for sure going back to the Squid Inc again. Maybe not for sushi but for drinks and ambiance for sure.
1	Ordered dragon roll, chicken and veggies, ramen, and short rib to go. Mediocre food, bland and tasteless. Bartender as rude. The only good thing about the restaurant was the nice hostess who took my order. Tipped her instead of the bartender.
4	I've been here a few times and really like this place.  In a sea of downtown bars full of TV sets and burgers, this is a nice island of relative tranquility.  Now at wintertime, you can look outside the window and see the skaters in CitySkate.  While there may be a TV at the bar, I don't see or hear it at any other table, and see nothing but their funky murals or other patrons enjoying a skillfully made meal.I've generally just ordered sushi, which is presented without adornment on shiny white porcelain of different shapes.  Everything tastes nice and fresh, the nori is nice and crispy, and they are inventive with different combinations of house rolls.Just don't expect to be in and out of here fast.  You generally can expect an hour's stay, even on a not-too-busy day.  But that's ok, good sushi should be savored, with the eyes and the mouth.  I once got green tea ice cream for dessert, and the serving was very generous...enough for 3 people.The service is always friendly and professional.Expect to pay a bit of money.  This is fresh fish in the desert, not a McDonald's hamburger.  Set your expectations accordingly and you won't be disappointed.
3	I have been to Squid Ink a few times now, and every time I can say I enjoy their service! I don't eat fish, but I do enjoy the teryaki chicken bowl! I love sitting and talking with friends watching the people of CityScape go by!However, I think the pricing is a little ridiculous. $11 for a small bowl? Crazy.
3	Food is good but service is suspect. Location is perfect in the heart of downtown. Been twice and both Times it just seems like the staff is not happy. No smiles slow service and I'm an easy customer. I had to ask twice nicely and flag down our waitress for sugar/sweetener for my iced tea. The most recent visit they sat us down at a dirty table and served us a cold las Vegas roll which is normally cooked and warm. Dissapointed with the second experience as the place has a great set up with a cool vibe. I'm sure we will be back but talk is there is another sushi place downtown that's all about giving you a great experience and great food period. Try the ultimate Philly roll and the surf n turf.
2	Terrible sushi, good hot sake because.. how can you f up on sake?We came here after our New Year's celebration next door, which was supposed to be a rooftop party that got rained out.  Well things happen, but we enjoyed that and afterwards walked from blistering cold to here for some food and drink.  Sushi bar closed, so hot sake only and we promised them we would come back the next day and we did.  Here's the review..The customer service no doubt is really good!We ordered their $12 Rainbow Roll.  Price is about right, as it usually cost that much.  The Roll came, the presentation looked really good with the special 'L-shaped' dish.  But, I immediately notice that the imitation crab was not mixed up with mayo in being broken up mixed with mayo and instead it was just a plain old imitation crab stick itself inside the roll.  Ok, fine.  First bite, it did not give me the heavenly feel, a good rainbow roll would give.  The fish tasted bland; poor quality fish.  The roll was bland all together.  They should have at least had mayo mixed into their imitation crab to at least give it some kind of flavor.  Tasted like Safeway sushi.  They probably did buy from Safeway and took it out of the case to earn a few extra bucks to sell here.  The roll was so cold.  RIce did not tasted fresh.  Horrible!While we eating their sushi, I was thinking to myself, should I grade them like an actual sushi restaurant since I didn't pay attention to their full restaurant name on whether or not, they included sushi as part of their name, but yes, they do have sushi after Squid Ink.  So there, I can review them harshly.If it wasn't for the customer service, I would have given them 1 out of 5.I would not be back for their sushi; but drinks, yes.I am not a sushi chef and I can make wayyyyyyy better sushi than this!
5	Great sushi after a Suns game - dollar beer promotions for Stellas!  Wonderful, interesting rolls presented artistically.They also serve teriyaki bowls which were good as well.
