4	Newly opened in the old Vitamin T space, this place is as fun, if not more so, then there Camelback Esplanade location, with it more brightly colored palette. Be sure to try their empanadas. They're nontraditional, but are colorful, flavorful and oh so yummy!
4	We biked down after work today to try out fuego's newest restaurant, and if you know me at all though, you know my real motivation was the froyo next door. It was the "let's try out the new Fuego" that convinced my wife to go. ;)Fuego cityscape brings you a collection of the best of their options from their collective menus. We came in during happy hour and shared the pork quesadilla and chicken street tacos. The food is eerily similar to fuego taco and fuego bistro, but I can't say much about how it relates to fuego cantina in north phoenix, since i've not been there yet myself. If you're a fan of Bistro or Taco, you'll definitely enjoy the food here also.The pork quesadilla was definitely a winner, not sure what was in the sauce which topped the juicy roasted pork, but it was sweet, tasty and defintiely worth ordering. The chicken tacos were a solid choice, but I'll likely skip them and try something different next time.There's not too much room for them to work with in this new location, but they did ok with the space. The ambiance isn't exactly what I was expecting from Fuego, it's sort of a mall food court chic, or qdoba / chipotle looking layout. The soda dispenser is out in the middle of the dining area, and what looked to be a counter over looking the kitchen area. I wasn't sure at first if we were supposed to sit then order, order then sit, fill our own cups, wait to be seated - I'm thinking they are likely utilizing the space from the last tenant (vitimin t tacos) with no modifications.The wait staff happliy directed us to a table and began asking about drinks and food, wich eased my over all confusion. And no, I didn't have to fill my own drink glass.Over all, I loved the food, but wasn't too excited about the ambiance and layout. It seems to be setup to suit more of an on the go lunch crowd than an after work or evening dining experience. If I come back again, I'll likely try the meatloaf sliders, also a happy hour deal at $6. Who doesn't like a good meatloaf?
5	We just moved into a loft apt in downtown phoenix and we figured we would walk down to Vitamin T for dinner this past Saturday.  Much to our surprise it was gone...and a new restaurant in its place, there was a sidewalk sign stating "Soft Opening 5pm. At first we were hesitant but figured we could wait the 25mins and swing back by...and are we glad we did!!We noticed the tables outside were not barren and had plants on them, we walked in the door to a much more inviting and relaxing atmosphere than we were used to at Vitamin T.  We were greeted by this rotund man with a big smile, turns out it wasnt an employee..but the owner of all three Fuego restaurants - Jeff.He proceeded to welcome us and seat us at a table and give us a short rundown on the restaurant.  All food was 50% off because it was their opening night, and were getting the staff trained.  We looked over the menu and decided to go with the Empanadas to start, then I ordered the Fuego Meatloaf, with black beans and sauteed veggies and my companion went with the Short Rib Ropa Vieja, with the green chile au gratin potatoes. The food was amazing!! other than they forgot about our Empanadas (which they gave us for free) the flavors were outstanding.  The dinner was made complete by a slice of their Key lime pie, which was sensational!!  Great Food...Great atmosphere... definitely reccomending Fuego Cityscape to all my foodie friends!!!
4	I'll start by saying the food is delicious. If I was judging on food alone, it would get five stars. So why only 3?I had a living social deal and a 20% off coupon. We couldn't use them together. Fine. However, we couldn't use either on the happy hour. Seriously?I wanted to try the tacos, but they were only on the happy hour or lunch menu. It was dinner time. So, to get tacos and not some ridiculously overpriced dinner entree, I had to do happy hour, which means I couldn't do the living social deal or coupon. Oh, and I had to eat on the patio. Happy hour is patio only. The place was DEAD. And I had to eat out in the sun to try these darn tacos everyone raves about. I couldn't just enjoy the tacos inside? Really?To top it off, the server was so apathetic. From not being able to use any deals to forcing me to eat outside all so I could try their tacos, he was the most ungracious and unapologetic server.I would just assume this was the Fuego attitude, but then I went to Fuego Cantina (a place currently not receiving the best reviews) and received:1.) phenomenal service2.) happy hour specials INDOORS3.) ability to use my living social deal on everything, including the specials.UPDATE (July 11, 2012):Fuego done did some revising to their menu, happy hour, and service. You can now do happy hour indoors. Their menu includes tacos at dinner time. And the prices are monumentally cheaper. The first time I went the chipotle chicken pasta dish was $18. Now it is $11. Additionally, the servers were much nicer. And they let me use my Living Social deal even though my drinks and appetizer were off the happy hour menu.Nice job, Fuego!
4	Delicious Chile Relleno!
4	I FINALLY made it to a Fuego. I can never make it Fuego Bistro when it's open and I've heard some lackluster things about Fuego Tacos. Fortunately I now have Fuego Cityscape just a few blocks from where I work where Vitamin T used to be.I had a tasty Carne Asada quesadilla that consisted of meat, cheese and some tasty veggies that all came with a kick. This was accompanied by chipotle sour cream. Between that, the salsa and the side of guac that I ordered, there was just not enough quesadilla to enjoy all the great dipping options.This also came with tasty rice and black beans which, to my surprise were delicious. because I HATE black beans (they go against everything I raised to believe was good Mexican food according to my East L.A. Nana)The inside is cheerful and decorated with local art and the people that work there are friendly. I need to come back for Happy Hour methinx. Another good addition to Cityscape.
4	I was very impressed with this new Fuego!  I can't say that I care much for their location at the Esplanade - but since this new location is close to home and work, I had to give it a try and am glad I did!It is a full service restaurant and Fuego does a much better job with the space than the previous tenant ever did. It is still small but they fit about 10 tables in without making you squeeze next to strangers, there is also a decent patio for those lovely summer nights.The veggie tacos were fantastic and come with a flavorful chipotle cream sauce, they reminded me of the Ticoz tacos, before they went downhill. They have several vegetarian options on the menu in addition to the tacos. Fuego is on a pricey side for the downtown business lunch crowd, around $10 a plate.  I wish they had smaller lunch specials in the $7 range.
4	Another great Fuego restaurant!  I was disappointed when Vitamin T closed, but so glad to see that a Fuego restaurant took its place.  I enjoyed the cubano sliders and a peach mojito today...yummy!  Great location in Cityscape too!
1	No stars! This place is serving up rodents! Picture this. First time visitors, myself and fiance(he has been there) sitting alone in the whole place and while waiting for my food I see a mouse scurry into a hole in the floor close to the drink dispenser.. I freak out because I am scared of rodents and the waitress comes to see what the commotion was about. I explained to her as I proceeded to move to another area still willing to give the food a shot because kitchen was located on opposite side of the place.. Disappointed again, Torta bread was hard and cold. Did not communicate this to the waitress, as I thought the mouse was enough for a comp! She tells us after giving us the check that the owner said he was going to have someone come out.... $3 discount given... This place will not last, too many delicious tortas and tacos out there.. THUMBS DOWN!
5	I am a huge Fuego fan, and have frequented Fuego Bistro in North Central Phoenix and Fuego Cantino in North West Phoenix.  Fuego Cityscape is downstairs from the downtown Gold's Gym where me and my friend exercise (then go to Fuego for a glass of Zinfandel, which is excellent, and something delicious for dinner).My favorite is the Chile Rellenos - honestly, the best I have ever had, although everything on their menu is delicious, with generous portions.The manager is very friendly and helpful, and we always have a great time going to this location - which is getting to be about 2-3x per week!!I definitely need to do more cardio...
2	We have been to Fuego Bistro SEVERAL times, and it FAR outweighs the CityScape location.  Besides the fact that Bistro has better food options, CityScape clearly squeezed into someone else's old business space.  We had to sit down a dark hall, more or less on top of the people next to us, and 6 inches from the emergency exit.  The drink dispenser sits in the middle of the dining room, as if you are at Subway, and their wines are stacked up on a metal rack from Home Depot in the middle of the room also.  Our waitress couldn't keep any part of our order straight...thought all we were ordering was nachos when we told her we also wanted dinner, then seemed surprised that we were sharing them (they are an APPETIZER, hello?!).  Every time she brought food or drinks, she got them backwards, which, whatever, we can swap them, but it made the whole place feel sloppy.  Food was meh.  We will continue to go to Bistro for SURE...their employees may be quirkier, but at least they are good at their jobs and the food there is WAYYYY better!
4	If I was going to base this place on my first visit, it wouldn't have been very positive. Initially, I planned to stop by, get some tacos and head back to the office. Instead, a client brought me back to his table and we dined together. The tacos lacked the second tortilla to hold the contents together and left me wanting something more substantial. However, on a return trip, I ordered the Cubano sandwich was Fuego CityScape was redeemed. Packed with meats and warmed under a press, this was the perfect size to fill my empty belly. Additionally, the generous portion of crispy sweet potato fries could be shared with coworkers. Everyone's happy. And I'm looking forward to going back. Yea, Fuego!!
5	Awesome food and drinks! Park right around the corner in the garage and have them validate your pass for 2 free hours!!
4	My roommate and I stopped by here  on a Saturday night with my groupon to see how this Fuego is holding up. I've been to Fuego Bistro before, and it was amazing, so this one at CityScape had a lot to live up to.I'd say this place gets less than 5 stars based on atmosphere. The place kind of feels like a cafeteria and the vibe from the entire patron situation is just bleh. The best part about the atmosphere was my own company and that of our server, Brandon, who was really helpful and chatty.Also, while my roommate got the Chile Relleno, which was okay in my opinion, I had the Fuego Tacos with pernil (which apparently is pork), and they were delicious. I absolutely loved and devoured them. Some other key points: The drinks were very tasty and parking is very easy. We parked at a meter (which is free after 5p), and I'm told they can validate the parking ticket for the underground parking.Overall, I'd come back here. I wouldn't go here for a sexy date or if looking for something fancy, but definitely for a tasty dinner with great service.
5	Been to Fuego CityScape a few times now and both were great.  Southwest Meatloaf sliders rocked!  Also have tried the Empenadas and they were delicious.  My co-worker usually gets the Cubano sandwich which he says is top notch.  Yes, the space is a little awkward, but you go in, sit down and eat...not sure what other reviewers are looking for.  Service has been freindly and helpful during my visits.  Keep it up Fuego!
4	Great night for patio dining. Where to go? Downtown has a new batch of restaurants with patio spaces. With the break in the heat I decided to head to City Scape. Days before pay day, some of the options were a little too "downtown" in pricing. Fuego was the perfect candidiate. Featuring a full bar and reasonably priced menu, I gave it a go.The premium margarita is very tasty. I ordered the chile relleno for dinner. It is tasty, though I personally could do with a better chicken, black bean, cheese ratio. The chicken was not as prevalent as the cheese and beans. I would forgo the size for less beans and cheese inside. But the flavor was good. Not stellar, but good.The atmosphere (save for the soda machine in the middle) was good and dessert... The key lime... FANTASTIC... The location, patio and $6 menu items on the patio should ultimately make this a great place to hang out. I plan to come back, and taste my way through the rest of the menu.
2	Really mediocre.I've been here half a dozen times.  I live downtown, so like to give every restaurant downtown a fair shake.  They don't ruin anything.  Setting is just okay enough to not be terrible.  Service is poor, but they smile just enough to show that they are somehow trying, if misguided.  Food is just tasty enough that you finish your plate.Basically, anything with Pernil Asado, their specialty dr. pepper slow stewed beef, is going to be good.Pretty much everything else sucks.Their nachos at 11 are small, weirdly not hot, and taste like I ordered them at an airport bar.Their drinks and beer are okay, just expensive.Basically, that is the bottom line.  If the food cost $2 bucks less per plate, it would be probably worth it as expectations would be lower.   So... eat here if you are downtown and nothing else seems to be open, but surely don't drive downtown for this place.   Lots of better options in Cityscape and around it.They do have a pretty happening, cool patio on Friday and Saturday months during the cooler times, like mid Oct.
3	Looked for a place to grab some eats and a couple of drinks before the Jason Mraz show. At 5:30 most places filling up with longer waits as we had a party of 8.Found this place and they seated us quickly. Waitress was friendly, but service a bit slow. I only noticed two servers working, and with the concert and a Diamondbacks game going on at the same time, you think they would have been staffed a little better.Ordered drinks. I asked for a Modelo, got a Negra Modelo. Still good, but not what I asked for. My wife ordered a Vodka/Cranberry (they were out of cranberry juice!) so she went with a Mojito. Now I like a good Mojito, but it's pretty poor when there's no rum and no sugar (this tasted like mint water, terrible) she ended up with a glass of the house white wine. One of our friend ordered a vanilla vodka with club soda and only enough vodka for a slight hint of vanilla. At least that was an easy fix with an extra shot.The food itself was good. We had street tacos(chicken) and empanadas. Both good. The Chile Relleno was tasty as well. Some good food, some poor drinks, and some friendly, but slow service.
5	Really love local places that aren't chains. I love Fuego Bistro so I wanted to try this place. We stopped by before a Diamondbacks game. I'm glad we did! The  Happy Hour prices were great and the food really a great value for what you get. I was happy to try this little gem. A great place to meet friends for a yummy drink and some good food!
5	This place was really quite the surprise! We enjoyed a great ethnic cornbread appetizer and some really awesome tapas. Will come back for sure
5	Been here twice now and loved it! Two of the best mojitos i've ever had. The cocktails are definitely worth ordering. The food, same category. I've tried 4 different dishes off the menu and they were all fantastic. Great service, even when it was super busy. Try it!
3	Smaller than appears in pics.  Nice tho.  Friendly staff, good food, yummyDrinks. No complaints
3	I came here with my husband before the Yelp Cocktail Society at Lustre Bar. It was very close by, and there was a Living Social deal available so I figured it would be a great time to try out one of my bookmarks.Things got off to a rocky start. The place was empty except one table on the patio, but we had to request the preoccupied to server to actually serve us. Then we were told they were out of Negro Modelo. Como?My veggie tacos were delicious, and I really liked the rice. The beans could have used more seasoning. My husband thought his carne asada tacos were just ok.I would come back for some happy hour veggie tacos and people watching on the patio when the weather is nice.
5	I came here by myself on a Thursday during happy hour, since sadly none of my, "friends" had the time or desire to join me!! :( Well, they missed out!!! This place is perky, colorful and clean.I had the chicken tacos from the HH Menu as well as a Prickly Pear Mojito and that was spectacular, and to top it all off I indulged myself with a Milk Chocolate Tres Leches Cake. and that was just okay!!! I've made and had way better ones'!!! Overall, great little place. and hopefully next time I will bring someone along!!! My server was great, She was very attentive and well knowledged on the menu items!!! Great place!!***   You deserve an A++  :)
3	The BF and I went here the other night to use a Groupon. The experience overall was alright. We got there and the place had 1-2 tables filled on the patio. I ordered the chile relleno and it was good. It had a nice crispy outside and was filled with beans, chicken, and cheese. The BF got the empanadas which were not so good. They had a weird flavor and the ground beef tasted sort of plain...nothing special about it. Overall, the place is ok and I would go again if I were at Cityscape, but I wouldn't make a special trip to go there.
4	After a yelp event some fellow yelpers and myself landed at Fuego after receiving no service at all at two of its neighboring establishments.  I'm glad we did.  There was only one server working this particular night and she handled the sudden influx of hungry people with grace!  I really enjoyed the chicken Fuego tacos and cubano sliders.  My iced tea was good too!  I will be back.
4	Limited menu but that's a plus here.  Been here twice; it's not the most spacious or stylish place, but the service and food has been top notch both times.  Awesome lunch spot downtown.
3	The food here is delicious and follows suit with the other Fuego establishments. The place is fairly small and gets a crowd before events downtown. Both times I've been here, they only have one server on staff. He seems to get the job done, but be warned that if 3 tables just walked in ahead of you, you'll be waiting til he takes care of them before getting to your order. This is totally fair, and I'm not complaining, but don't say I didn't warn ya.  I loved the Fuego pasta with the spicy sausage and my companions all loved the tacos. Everyone enjoyed the sangria... Red, white, and the remix (both mixed.)  This place is always an option when looking for a bite at the City Scape, just make sure you plan ahead and give yourself enough time.
4	While the prices are a little high (if it wasn't for Happy Hour, I would have blanched at the prices) the service was very friendly and the food was good. We got three HH plates at $6 each - chicken street tacos, Fuego nachos and the meatloaf sliders.  The meatloaf was a little spicier than I could handle (I'm really sensitive when it comes to hot spices) but the nachos and tacos were awesome. Three plates and a margarita came to about $26, with the nachos being the best deal. I wouldn't go out of my way to get here but it's a nice spot downtown.
4	Nice add to the CityScape landscape. If you are going for a weekday lunch, go early.  It is pretty small inside and it can fill up quick.  For that same reason I wouldn't suggest going with groups larger than four.  The patio is great if it is nice outside (as it is most of the year, that's why we live here, right?).  There are great happy hour and patio food specials.  Oh, and just like the home location (Fuego Bistro) a few miles north, the food is mighty tasty!  A bit smaller of a menu, but still oh-so delicious!If you are a meat eater, whatever you do, whatever you decide to order, PUT THE PERNIL ON IT!  This is delicious shredded pork that you won't want to stop eating!  The cornbread is a winner.  The quesadillas are good too.  Salads, tacos, tostadas, margaritas, and beer.  What else do you need on a beautiful AZ patio?  The staff is friendly and always ready with a recommendation, which I appreciate.  When I'm new to a place I usually find myself trying to decide between two or three items.  When I ask for some help (i.e. their opinion) in making my decision, the most unhelpful answer is "well, it really depends on what you're in the mood for."  Anyway, they haven't said that to me here!  In fact, my go-to dish came from a staff recommendation.  It's not listed on the menu, however they will happily oblige.  My advice is to order the Fuego Salad . . . AND PUT THE PERNIL ON IT!  Yum!
4	Visited for lunch.  Not a huge dining area, but we just beat the rush.  Had the empanadas appetizer.  It was pretty good.  I had the green chile burger with the sweet potato chile fries.  The burger was tasty but it could have been a little spicier.  The fries were sweet, but not too sweet.  Husband had the pernil torta.  He really liked it.  Prices were reasonable.  Our waitress was friendly, informative about the menu and took care of us.  I actually prefer Fuego CityScape over Fuego Tacos and Fuego Bistro.
4	Awesome place to head before heading off to a Sun's game. In fact, since the Sun's no longer win much any more.. head back at the half if they continue to lose?! Okay..I kid!!! No ...Not Jason Kidd. We wandered into Fuego and got the last seat on the pation about 2 hours before the game mid week. Awesome happy hour with alot of good drink and menu choices. Better yet the drinks we had were strong. Maybe a little too strong! I had the "Remix Sangria" ... A mix of red and white sangria. My boyfriend, a pomegranate mojito also on the hh menu. Good stuff. Strong stuff. Our apps that we made into dinner were the empanadas:  a mixture of beef within pastry ,  big and hearty! The Fuego nachos with carnitas, very good sized portion . Nothing too special or out of the ordinary. The Cubano sliders, our very favorite. Could have easily passed on the nachos and did another order of sliders. I found the empanadas a little interesting. I have traveled to Puerto Rico several times and didn't find them to be authentic. I found them good tho! In PR, they are much smaller and these almost reminded me of a peroshki dish I had in Russia once. No matter. It was good. Not that expensive for four drinks and 3 generous sized appetizers at a cool place with a super nice waiter.
4	Food = 5 starsLayout and issues = -2 starsI cannot say I've had one thing from here that wasn't great. My favorite thing to get is the Green Chile Cornbread!  Sweet green chile cornbread drowned in this chunky salsa type stuff with shredded pernil.  I didn't know what pernil was before but now I cannot do without it at least twice a month.  Fuego's is so tender...so flavorful.  And on top of this cornbread, its just absurd.  I could eat this anytime, any day.Speaking of pernil, the first thing I had here was the Pernil Torta.  Actually, a coworker let me taste a little piece and I ranted on that whole day about how good it was.  Its just that it has this specific taste that my grandmother's pork ribs had.  I thought I'd never get that taste again, and who knew it'd be at a Mexican place.  The only complaint with this sandwich is the bread...i don't like it.  It doesn't...go.  If this was on texas toast, i would be eating one right now.I've also tried the tacos and the nachos.  Both offer a lot of food.  The tacos are on par with any good taco I've had.  The nachos are huge and got a lot of different good flavors going on.  I'd recommend either.My second favorite thing to get here are the empanadas.  The only empanada i ever knew anything about was Taco Bell's desert ones.  These ain't that.  These have beef, cheese, peppers, stuff, more stuff and some other stuff in this perfect pocket crusty flaky thing.  And there is a sweetness to it all that makes these irresistible.  I am always torn between these or the cornbread.The value is normal downtown stuff.  You do get a large amount of food, though...so you shouldn't feel sour after you shell out at least $10 bucks for lunch.  You'll probably have leftovers (yeah right).The staff are always friendly, although they are really busy all the time.  I've had to stand around a lot even after waiting to come in after I call ahead.  Standing around wouldn't be so bad if the layout of the place didn't suck.  This is another booties-in-my-plate type setup, where customers have no choice but to hover around diners and their meals.  No matter where you stand, you end up dancing the cha-cha trying to get out of the servers' and other customers' way.  The drink station is right in a high-traffic area, so everybody is in everybody's way all the time.  It helps to sit outside where you can people watch.This is a frequent place for me on the lunch list.  I can't stay away from that cornbread!
4	"Like".  In fact "Like Very Much." Substantial portions of full flavored foods at reasonable prices made ridiculously so by frequent online coupons.  Remember the name is "Fuego".  As befits the name, there's at least a bit of flame in almost every dish.  Not unpleasantly hot but those of me with post-middle-aged gringo stomach might be well advised to bring their own pink bismuth shooter before partaking of the (really good) Fuego chipotle meat loaf.  Lactose impaired, bring your tablets for the Fuego pasta, my favorite, a nicely mildly spicy cheesy-but-not-nauseatingly-rich helping sufficient for a decent meal for two or leftovers for tomorrow's lunch - if you can stop yourself from eating the whole thing!  Staff is consistently friendly and amazingly fast on their feet.  Informal, urban feel. Outdoor dining out front, right on 1st Street, is great on comfortable nights other than the free side order of guilt drizzled with irritation laced with extra guilt at being irritated, as I sit with my big generous plate in front of me, stuffing face and am approached by first, second, and then third panhandler, all slightly ragged and hungry, or at least claiming to be so. Felt like the moustachio'd glutton Julie Andrews was watching through the window before she passed out from hunger in . . .  well, whatever that movie was.
4	Good Food, Good Drinks, Good Prices, Good Service.  Whats not to like?
1	No one greeted me.Took a few minutes to be asked for something to drink.When my food was served I asked for a side of salsa. I waited 30 minutes, never even being checked in on once during that time . Finally I interrupted a waiter to ask for it again. By that time my food as cold. I've been waiting for another 30 min just pay my bill.Food was goodWaitress tried.. But c'mon!
4	Small place but good food and good service, they went out of their way to accomodate my group of 15 people! Incredible, thank you!
2	I dont think I will go here again. The menu is pretty slim, the cuban sandwich was on bread that was not firm enough and they used processed cheese. The service was good it was just not good food for me.
2	I never got a chance to try Vitamin T at this location, but the Mexican fare on the menu drew me in for a quick lunch in the downtown Phoenix area. On the plus side, the service was fast and efficient and the food was reasonably priced. On the minus side, we somehow managed to get seated at the one table outdoors that lacked an umbrella. During Phoenix's summer months, this is not a trivial matter. And if you're a bald guy who neglected to bring his hat, you can actually scorch your melon (which I did after eating here).I ordered the Pernil Torta and found it somewhat tasty, but the food here seems to lack a little finesse. Other than the slow-cooked pork and some chopped red cabbage on my sandwich, there was little else. Although the pernil was garlicky and interesting, I felt it was one-note. It needed an acidic and/or creamy counterpoint. I think I asked for a side of ranch dressing and doctored my sandwich so that it was more agreeable. The sweet potato fries that the sandwich came with were a bit confused too. Although they were delightfully crispy, they were served with ketchup. Sweet potato fries plus sweet ketchup equals sweet sweet bleh! And since the pork on the sandwich tended towards sweet, this meal really required some dedication to get through.I think they need to concentrate on those details that will make the food here better. I can say that they need to seriously consider what will taste good, what flavors balance together, and what people like to eat (hint: maybe more fresh ingredients instead of relying on pre-cooked batches of food that are dispensed onto bread posthaste). The food here has potential, but the lack of attention to detail and flavor stands in the way of making this a restaurant that I can recommend.
2	Only thing saving this from 1 star is the food actually tastes pretty good...they get that part right.Have been here 3 or 4 times for the food, but consistently slow service.  There are lots of specials and coupons you can get for here, but lots of made up rules for example: I had like a $5 off coupon.  I ordered my regular priced meal which was $10+ after a drink, my friend ordered her meal off of the happy hour menu. They charged her full price + $3 to add like 2 little strips of chicken to her nachos (which she didn't tell us about until the bill came).The server refused to split the bill even though my regular priced menu item way more than covered the value of the coupon...just terrible service consistenly.Pros:Taste of foodCons:Everything else
3	I was there during a busy evening as Fleetwood Mac was in town so just about every food establishment was packed.  We were able to get a table for 4 in 20 minutes. The wait staff was quick, friendly and efficient. I ordered the Fuego tacos, which were ok but very messy, the sauce ended up all over my finger. My brother order their Green chili burger sliders, the green chilies were canned and his silder were burned and awful tasting! The menu is small and the food is pricy for what you get. Don't think I will be patronizing here again. The waiter told us the food was already pre assembled! So its not fresh it's all can stuff!!
1	I made a reservation for 745. I called around six to see if i can push it back a little bit and they girl said okay for 815. The website says they were open til 9.  When I showed up at 815 they were closed! I was so upset because we had taken the light rail downtown and eveerything! Poor customer service and i will be calling groupon to get my groupon refunded!
5	I had been to Fuego Bistro before and really enjoyed it.  So I was really looking forward to trying Fuego Cityscape with a Groupon I had bought.  The food is absolutely delicious! I had the Pernil Torta with the Sweet Potato fries, the meet was soo amazing, completely melt in your mouth and paired with the cabbage it was to die for.  My friend had the quesadilla with Carne Asada, he said it was very good.  We also had the Key Lime Pie for dessert and it was awesome, I love key lime anything and this did not dissapoint, definitely one of the best key lime things I've had. I also had the Prickly Pear Mojito which was a beautiful pinkish/purplish color.  I enjoyed it very much.Sam was our waiter and he was fantastic.  He was getting ready for a table of 9 and he still managed to keep us and everyone else extremely happy.  I was very impressed with his friendliness and expediting to make sure everyone had drinks and there food when it came out.  I can't wait to go back again!
4	Much,  much better than Fuego Taco.  This small place w/patio has their signature pasta which is to die for and the Key lime pie will amaze you! (don't eat it alone!)  Have also had the empanadas appetizer before and, even though I like spicy, the dough still overwhelmed the rest of the ingredients.  The staff appear to be mostly regulars (at least for the year or so I've been going) and they are very attentive.  Even better, I got 50% off gift cards at COSTCO (since sold out).
5	Excellent food, reasonable prices.
5	After going to Fuego Tacos, I was very excited to try Fuego Cityscape. My friends and I also discovered them on the Whistl App for iPhone. We knew that their happy hour was only available out on the patio, but considering the weather conditions, they were more than happy to give us the same great deals inside the restaurant. We started off with Cubano Sliders and the BBQ Pork Quesadilla ($6 each). The Cubano Sliders were excellent. The waiter had recommended them, and they were a very memorable part of the meal. The meat was very flavorful, and the sauce and cheese that accompanied the meat really made the slider "pop". It was a little sweet, a little spicy, but perfectly balanced. The BBQ Pork Quesadilla was also delicious. The BBQ sauce was not overbearing, which played well to the quesadillas traditional roots. The sauce it came with appeared to be a chipotle style sour cream/mayo and was very good, although the quesadilla didn't really need much else.My friends both ordered a Dos Equis ($1 Off), and I asked the waiter to surprise me. He brought me an in-house jalapeno infused margarita. Wow was it good! I was not expecting the spiciness at first, but as my pallet adjusted, I literally could not put it down. I am also not one to like salt on my margarita, but with the spiciness from the jalapenos, the salted rim helped tone it down nicely.For our main entrees, I got the Blackened Tilapia Caesar Salad, my friend got the Pernil Tacos, while my other friend got the Empanadas. I really enjoyed the Caesar salad, it was a nice twist on a classic dish. Black beans, corn, and spiced tortilla strips gave it a nice "southwestern" flair. The tilapia also had a southwestern seasoning that made it delicious on its own. I appreciated the temperature of the fish when it came out. Not too hot, and definitely not cold. I cannot stand having burning hot food on a salad, effectively making the lettuce warm.I got to try a bite from each of my friends. Both dishes were excellent. The Pernil Tacos came out as traditional street tacos (double wrapped corn tortillas). The pernil as excellent. The tacos come in a variations of meat and fish, but we went with the waiters recommendation, and were not disappointed. I have never had empanadas before, and was really blown away. The inside was very rich and flavorful, I believe they use chorizo inside. The fried crunchy exterior made for an interesting texture compared to the inside. It was cooked to perfection, with the exterior never getting soggy.As for the service and atmosphere, both were excellent. Our waiter gave excellent recommendations and was very honest about each item we inquired about. I really liked the interior, it was quite small, but very homey. It was a very personable place to be, and a great location for a restaurant. If you'd like to find more places like this, definitely check out the Whistl App for iPhone and follow them on instagram at @whistlapp All of their suggestions have been excellent. I can't wait to try all of the great happy hours around town!Happy Eatings!
5	I had never had Fuego before and bought a Groupon for them. A friend of mine and I went to order our food and use the Groupon, but I purchased the one for Fuego Bistro instead of Cityscape. The waiter saw my mix-up and still gave us a really great deal even though we couldn't use our Groupon. He was so nice and friendly. He even gave us a free drink to try while we waited for our dinner. The food was amazing, we got the Shrimp and Chicken quesadillas plus the nachos. It was so good and I was stuffed without even eating half of my dinner. We will definitely be going back. They know how to treat their customers.
3	We were going to the theater and via Yelp discovered Fuego.. We ate inside, its a little small it seemed inside and patio. I am still not sure if they have a different menu often as what we came for based on a photo on Yelp was not listed on our Menus.. but after a quick review we found some good meals.. the Corn Bread with Chile Verde was fantastic same as the meat loaf.. the Carne Asada Nachos and the the fish taco not so much.. Service was great and the place had a cool vibe.. Walk to all sports and theaters from here..
4	I do like this restaurant.  Not expensive and the food is pretty good.  A little salty but really good.  Matt has waited on me everytime I go there.  He is a sweet sweet heart and a good waiter.  I definitely recommend this place
3	Finally decided to give this place a try thanks to the purchase of a groupon which made it a pretty great deal but overall I think the prices are a little high for the environment. It is a really tight space that doesn't feel comfortable or inviting at all. They had it decorated in a cool way but that just barely helped it not to feel like we were in a fast food joint. I think they should reconfigure the space and turn it into an order at the counter style where you just grab some tacos and a bucket of beer an head out to the patio (like America's) or take a lunch to go.We both ordered items that I am pretty sure they have on their menu at the Bistro. Hubby got the pasta which was delicious (yes, I stole a bite) and I ordered the shredded pork torta which was also delicious. Sweet potato fries were yummy with good seasoning on them but unfortunately a bunch had gotten stuck together and formed some kind of mass which was a bit unappetizing. I guess that happens but I don't think they should have served them like that.Not much else to say, our server was great. Really nice guy though of course I have forgotten his name already. I probably wouldn't drive out of my way to come here for dinner again but if I was downtown for some reason I'd probably grab lunch or happy hour here.
4	Fuego Pasta & Cubano hit the spot after a long afternoon in the city.  Give it a try... Delicious!
5	The best food and drinks ever!!! My friend and I stopped in on a Friday for our happy hour stroll. We were greeted and served by Matt he was sooooo awesome!!! He let us sample one of the specialty menu items and talked to us through out the night!!! The servers were all really pleasant. The sangrias and empanadas were to die for!! I will be back!!!
4	The Cubano Sliders and the Fuego nachos were both very tasty. The slider was layered with ham and their signature pernil asado, a seasoned shredded pork. The shredded pork was very flavorful. The nachos also had a layer of the shredded pork.  The key lime pie was close to a cheesecake consistency but beautifully presented with whipped cream and toasted coconut. The menu is small on choices but if everything is as good as the three items we tried then we are sure to return and to tell our friends.
2	Do NOT do the yelp deal. It's a scam if you plan on having lunch with someone else that has also purchased the deal. It clearly states on the coupon that the limit is one per person, but they tell you later that it is only one per table. So we bought 5 and ended up being able to use 5. What a joke. They need to be honest in their terms. The only reason I gave them 2 stars is because they were quick to fill our glasses and the food was mediocre. Won't go back
5	As always, the peril cornbread appetizer is a delicious meal.  Unless you  have a big appetite..you will be pleasantly full from this one dish.  The chile rellenos is awesomely different.   Located in downtown Phoenix, it is fun to sit outside and peoplewatch.
5	Great food Outstanding Service. Coconut Shrimp is very Tasty. The Spicy Margarita is a Must TRY! U won't regret it.
5	I had been wanting to try Fuego the last couple trips to Phoenix and finally made it in for take out and an adult beverage. Totally impressed!!!  The staff was super friendly and inviting. Matt, my super friendly waiter, suggested the red wine sangria, which was delicious!  Wasn't sure if I should try veggie or shrimp tacos and Matt, recommended one of each. They were each so tasty!!  Very flavorful and presented well even as takeout!!!  I also got the Fuego salad which was so filling yet healthy. I'm kind of sad I waited so long to try Fuego:/
4	They have some unique Mexican dishes, and the food is always fresh, well prepared and comes out hot.  I wish they served chips and salsa with the meal,. but that doesn't stop me from going there.The The Cuban sandwich is very nice, it's a bit of a twist on the traditional. Right now, this place is really the only Mexican joint downtown (unless you count Chipotle).
1	If I could give a no star I would. Worse place ever the service is awful. They have no idea what they do and the times they open or close. Food burned and once again service is worse than go to mcdonalds  no wroth the stop ever.
4	My friend and fellow yelper John M. has taken me here twice and I was very pleased both times, not just with the food but also with the casual setting and the friendly service. Being in the CityScape area, it has the advantage of being right smack downtown without being in a noisy, traffic-plagued area. The outdoor seating area is really pleasant, especially during the evening hours.
4	I went to Fuego, for the first time, before a Suns game. Service was good. We got our drinks quickly and our food was not far behind. The outdoor seating area was a nice place to "people watch" before the game. I split the chicken quesadilla with a friend. It was just right for a quick bite and a beer.
5	I was looking for a new place to eat near the US Airways stadium and not a sports grill or a real fancy place- just a place that has good eats and drinks. the patio was appealing but it was a little cool so we went inside. it's a small place but a huge atmosphere of welcoming waiters and terrific food. the service was quick and our waiter matt was awesome. he even brought out some insanely good dip for us to try with our sweet potatoe fries (that we didn't even ask for!)   - just a neat little place with great food... they have a great happy hour menu from 3-6pm
4	I was back here in November and I wanted to eat near my hotel and not in a sportsbar. Fuego was perfect for me and I was allowed to order a smaller dinner than what was offered on the menu for a reduced price. :)
4	We decided to try Fuego because we had a Restaurant.com certificate.  We went around 4pm so the place was not busy at all. We were promptly helped.  The cocktails came very quick and were great.   The food came shortly after the cocktails and the food was extremely good.  I would recommend eating here.  I feel like the prices are reasonable and the food is very good.  Another bonus was the wait staff...super good looking!  :-)
4	Ahhhhh yes. A beautiful day, sitting on the patio, eating wonderful food, watching people walk by, does it get any better than this? OK, maybe but this is a pretty good way to enjoy your meal.This is one of my favorite spots. I usually only come here for lunch but I've dropped in for dinner a few times.  This will sound odd but one thing I like about Fuego is that they don't have 100 different things on their menu like you'll find in a lot of Mexican restaurants.  If you're in the mood for a sandwich, I recommend the Cubano. Delicious. I also enjoy the tacos (go for the shrimp!) and the Chile Relleno.Go, enjoy!
5	If you're downtown for a show, don't miss happy hour at Fuego.  The drinks and eats are delish.  The waiters are funny and accommodating.  Will definitely return!
4	I love this place and the servers are the best in town. I can not recommend anything to eat because everything on the menu is delish! (And I am not a big fan of Mexican food) I will say their Empenadas are my favorite though.
4	Great Service on the Patio. quick, knowledgeable, friendly..Fantastic Empanadas, Chili Rellano, Sangria..Have been several times and enjoyed this location very much.Only negative is consistency, slight, seasoning has not been consistent..Not enough to keep me from coming back.. great afterwork spot.
4	Fantastic food!  We stopped in without knowing anything about Fuego and we're glad we did. Great service, great food, great atmosphere. Try the empanadas as an app.  We'll be back!
5	the food was fantastic!  i also liked that it is really close to america west arena.  the service was spot on and the sangrias were delicious!
5	The Jalapeno infused Margarita is the best in town and trust me I am a Margarita snob. I've had them all over town and even this one blows away some that are on the 'top 10 Margaritas in Phoenix' list. The wait staff has been awesome both times we've been there. The food is delicious. The cubano sandwich and the Cornbread are phenomenal. The cornbread 'appetizer' is a meal in itself. I can't wait to go back
4	I found this place on Restaurants.com while I was pre-planning my trip to Phoenix. The food was great! I had the chicken tacos (chicken was slightly under seasoned but sauce made up for it), and the empanadas.  I washed them down with a drink called Latin Lover. The food was very filling, the drink was very refreshing, the price was right, and the staff showed their Phoenix friendliness.
4	Sleepy little Mexican place w outstanding food along with chips n guac! Chicken tacos were loaded w flavor. You can sit outside or inside. The service was really friendly and the food was fantastic.
4	This place is my go to lunch spot. From their perfectly cooked fish on the Blackened Tilapia Caesar salad, to the tender juicy pork in the Pernil Tacos, I love this place! The location is a bit small but the food is worth waiting for. Service at lunch is spot on and all the servers are friendly and can answer any question you may have. Parking kinda sucks at lunch time unless you work downtown, you can park in the garage under Cityscape but get there early or you will be driving around for a while looking for a non-reserved spot (this is the only reason they get 4 stars).
4	This little restaurant was a great find downtown. It had great drinks and great food. When we went in there the place was completely dead but that was fine. The food was super good! The street tacos were fantastic. The only issue I had was the bathroom scared my daughter because of the lighting but we will still go back!
3	The food was good but nothing to write home about. We order the spicy empanadas for the starter. They were spicy. Next I order the carne asada tacos. The carne asada was dry. I really liked the rice and black beans. We also ordered Latin love as the drink. It was not bad. I would give this place a try again. They also validate your parking
4	An easy 4 stars for Fuego. 4.5 even. I stopped here for lunch while in town for a conference. I tried the pernil torta and a prickly pear mojito. The food was so good, I came back two days later, and had the meatloaf sliders and another mojito. Awesome experience both times. Gotta love the happy hour and patio prices! If I'm ever back in PHX, I'd definitely stop by again.
3	Three stars because it was just eh.  We went here for happy hour.  The empanadas for HH are made with ground beef.  Flavor was good but not wow.  My husband ordered the pulled pork sliders.  Kinda lacked flavor.I really don't have to much to say because there are a lot of other places I would suggest downtown over this place.
2	Don't buy the Yelp coupon. It's not good during happy hour and Yelp doesn't say that (which it should before you buy it)
2	Went here tonight. Decor is cool, server dude was nice but that was about it. The joint was dead at 6:30 pm when we showed up. Food was as follows Green Chile Cornbread- corn bread was good except for the huge chunk of burnt corner piece I had the bad luck of receiving . I got more skin than pork(eww) and wasn't really impressed. I scooped off all the other stuff to try to salvage the unburnt part of the cornbread.Nachos- pretty goodFuego pasta- might have been good if it wasn't coldCubano sandwich- my kid said it was good but it was the smallest damn thing on a roll the size of a hotdog bunSo needless to say I wasn't very impressed. I had higher hopes as I had eaten at bistro(AMAZING!!!) and cantina when it was still around. Oh well.
1	My husband's birthday was on Thursday so I got him two $25 gift cert. for this place, we went to a game last month and he mentioned he would like to try it out some time. Well, last night we drove down from Glendale to finally try it out. The website says they are open Mon.-Sat. until 10pm, we park in the cityscape garage and walk over to find that the place...is closed for the night?? My husband knocks on the door as we watch a little cook cleaning the cooking area while a tall,slender young man with light brown/blondish hair is just kind of standing and talking to him. He finally opens the door to my husband and tells him "yeah we're closed". When my husband told him wow really but the website says 10, and he says "yeah well the websites wrong, manager keeps forgetting to change it, we close at 9 now" and shuts the door...nice attitude right? and not to mention it was 8:07pm?! Horrible staff, I really hope Jeff Ward is informed of the lack of consideration his employees have to potential customers and the owner knows he is losing money because of them. Anyone interested in buying two $25 gift cert let me know, $40 for both because we have no desire to visit this place now when it is actually open....
3	Just posted my review on wrong location  opps. Anyhow 75 for 4 people. Too expensive.  3 olive dude vodka was best thing there
5	Great spot I'm from Brockton ten mins from Boston and I was very impressed with this place I would recommend  Fuegos 5 stars. Great steak and pork tacos the chef's are fast less than 5 mins when I ordered for lunch. Come check it out!!!!!
2	My husband still wanted to try this place after all, so we finally gave it another try this weekend. We get there around 3pm on Saturday (so there would be no excuse about closing early again). We were the only ones there so we chose the seat to the left in front of the window since it is so small inside and dark. We are served by a polite server and we ordered the GC cornbread($10) for an appetizer. It was good but I did not like the chunks of fat with the pork. Next our meals came and my husband had the chile relleno($12) which he said was delicious, he felt that the price was a little too much for what it was though. I had the cubano sandwich. It was okay, I think that it could have been at least served on a normal roll instead of a hotdog bun type roll because it seems a bit much to be asking for 10$ for such a small sandwich. The sweet potato fries were probably my favorite part of the meal. They were sweet and crispy and cut thick. Next we ordered the churros ($7) and the key lime pie($7), no tres leche cake :( The key lime was pretty good but the strawberry sauce made it a little too sweet. The churros were dry and a little too hard, not happy with those. All in all our bill came to 50$ and that's only for 2 people so yeah, not a cheap place even though by the looks of it you would think it would be. We left our parking ticket in the car so they were nice enough to stamp our receipt and the parking attendant accepted it so we didn't get stuck paying for parking like last time. I have to say that I will not be going back to this place though, too out of the way for food that just isn't that good and is too over priced for what it is.
5	Our before-game favorite!  We first came here with a coupon because it's a block from the light rail and half that to the SUNS game. Now we come for the great HH menu prices, the tasty food, and the excellent service (Hi, Matt!).  Since we can't take food into the arena, the smaller appetizer portions of sliders are perfect.  Whole family loves it: 6-year-old granddaughter (quesadilla), vegan husband (salad with added beans and rice), mother-in-law (sliders or salad), and me (HH-priced draft Dos Equis Amber and pernil or Cubano dishes).
4	After an exciting day of hanging out with the most amazing people during a business conference, our team needed to refuel to keep us going. We were thinking about going somewhere else, but the line was so long that we ended up walking into Fuego, and had a table for our whole team within minutes!We sat for a few minutes before we got our drink order, but that's only 'cause more people caught on to our genius idea of eating at Fuego and joined the party. We had plenty of time to look at the menu to know what we wanted; and once we ordered our food, it was out pretty quick. (I got the nachos with chicken... finger-licking good!) It's kinda neat 'cause you can actually see the kitchen staff preparing your food and it fills the entire restaurant with yummy smells, sure to get your mouth salivating for the amazing food that is going to be placed in front of you. I would definitely go here again, although I'd like to sit on the patio -- they offer menu items out there that aren't offered inside.
5	I don't remember what I had,  I was in a hurry but it was amazing, I'm extremely picky but this is what it's all about. Good job! I will be going back with my family.
1	Everyday 2 weeks on a Monday we have "family dinner" where we usually pick a different restaurant to meet to catch up with family over dinner, so this week on Monday we decided to try Fuego at Cityscape to find out that they were closed. It was only 7 pm! We were unhappy about this, so we ended up going next door to The Strand. There was nothing on the door or window stating why they were closed on Monday, however there were holiday hours but nothing about being closed on Monday. Kind of bad timing to be closed especially since there is ice skating going on at cityscape which was absolutely jam packed with people and I am pretty sure that they worked up an appetite and would have loved some good Mexican food after ice skating, oh well, Fuego's loss I guess.
3	Decent mojitos, the strawberries the best...I do miss the real sugar cane stirrer though.
